MARRIAGE IN BUSSI/L When a young man in Russia takes a fancy to a maiden he Bends to his mother or some other matrimonial medium to the parents of the girl te negotiate for her dowry. As an incidental he had no olj ction to any chance affection she may have to beBtow along with it. Tbegirl has no voice la the matter ; often has an off<jr of marriage been accepted or r«j acted by proxy without her knowing anything about it. This custom has one thing in its favor; it certainly saves a great deal of wear and tear to her feelings. The marriage settlement being satisfactory tbe courtebip begins. The youth must never go to tbe house of his betrothed without taking her a gift. A long courtship in the country would be liable to bankrupt a man. However, it is not the custom to linger long in this primrose border land. A betrothal is almost as binding as marriage itself. There is never a slip between the cup and the lip, save for very grave and serious reasons. At the betrothal feast the girl cuts eff a lock of hair in the presence of witnesses, in ordertbat it may be authentic, and gives it to her betothed, who in return gives her a silver ring set with tutquois. These rings are kept as heirloomB in the family, but never mast they do duty twice. They never use a second hand engagement ring In Aussia. * What becomes of the lock of hair history does not inform us. It is Bafe to suppose, however, that it depreciates in value as the years roll 03\. A well-to-do bride brings her basband e dozen shirts, a dressing gown, and a pair ;ol slippers. She is supposed to have spun the flix and woven the cloth and made the garments with her own hands. The fact is, she often buys them them ready- made. Before the wedding the dowry is on exhibition and 1B blessed by the priest, Thus we see that in Russia as well as other plafees nearer home, tbe most interesting part of tbe ordinarcs of holy matrimony is the avalanche of good clothes it brings with it. Ia tbe upper end middle classes the bridegroom gives a bachelor dinner the night before the wedding. The bride-elect at the same time goes with her friends to the bath. > At the appointed time the bridegroom comes to claim bis bride. She falls upon her knee* before her parents and craves forgiveness for the follies of her ycuth. Theykiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities of life, leaving the door open behind ber when she goes out, indicating that she still has a home in ber father's house. ' We have now the happy pair at the altar, with lighted tapers in their hands to signify aspiration, the loud voice of tbe piiest uttering a short prayer; the ring which they exchange with each other in token of the trinity, and. the cup-of wine from which ihey Brink; a symbol of eternal love. Three times the bride parades around the altar with a crown of gilt held just above her head, by an important functionary whom she chooses for the c-ffice, but he must on no account tread on tbehem of her garment or derange her headdress, as he will be denounced by the lookers-on for a heretic. This personage has also other* connubial porterage to look afte-. Ha must attend to the lighted tapers and carry tbe pieces of carpet npon which the couple,are to kneel for the pries;'e blessing. By the way, the one who is first to touch this bit of c*rp$t with the fo rti? supposed to rule the domestic /kingdom. 'If; is. only fait to eay that the Vide, usually get* there on time. Although the service of the Qreek church is more dramatic and fuller of significant detail than the Raman chferch, and tljat is d»tor»te, compared with the Gemaa or Pro- testant church, yet In Russia they do not waste much more real sentiment on marriage. There are parties who regularly contract for marriages unions, a kind of real estate agency in connubial felicity, upon which they get a percentage of the spoils. There were marriage fairs held formally in St. Petersburg and Moscow, but now only in provincial towns, where men and maids resort The rich man may take his pick. Sometimes people travel long journeys to attend these fairs. Now, however, the better classes do not, so they are the popular resort of servant girls who get a week's leave of absence for the marriage fair and often come back nnwedded, but as much demoralised as a colored cook in the south after a camp meeting. Ia this blessed land of Russia, where more than half mankind are women, old maids are very scarce. When a woman is not married at 25 she disappears from view, goes on a pilgrimage or round of travels, and comes back posing in society as a widow. E iqoette in Russia forbids any allusion to a lady's dead husband in her presence. You see a woman's life in that land is not complete without the adj met of a husband or even the ghost of a busoand, to give it a kind of cold respectability. 