I Benskw Faiming's NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. : BY BERTRAM MITFORD, .Author ov . 'The Guu-Runner, a Romance, of Znln> land," ",'Tween Snowand Fire," 'f Through the Zulu Country; Its Dattlefioldsand Its People, &c.;" ' ALL, BIGHTS ' RESERVED, ' CHAPTER XXII. -(Continued.) ' " Certainly'. /It's"- odd, by. the way, what money' wiU'do— -or tlio want. of it. If I bad a 'comfortable sufficiency, ' even,/ I'd/ let ;'the thing go hang- make it over to you or any other ; ieilow, and welcome. Hut here 1 am, despertt'tfiljr hard up— stone-broke, in fact. And- I have a good few years more.tq live in this world, and ono can't live on air. . So pne must risk something. But, mind you, I don't care for inordinate wealth, I only want enough to be able to steer clear o£pinehi.hg— perhaps help otherfellows along a bit— at any rate, to move on equal terms . with the rest of man kind." ' ' ; ' "" ' . ' '' " '/ ; ? " Well, you're moderate enough, anyhow," said Sellon. " Now, I could never .lig-ye, too: much. ; . By Jove ! if we do succeed, eh t Only think ;/ : . , of it." . "I've- thought1 of it so often, Sellon. I must be used1 to the idea.: But,, as. I said, it's only a oase of rolling on tranquilly— no more pineli- ing or scraping, with, the ghastly alter-; iiiitivp of ' boriowing;' That's ;all l care about." ' "/ .The . quiet, unimpassioned tone ;sp different to the suppressed excitement which ho had brought to bear on the 1 subject' when it was first mentioned; f - struck the other all of a sudden. But for hira'sejf aucl his own presence, Fanning would likely enough - have / been as keen on this treasure hunt as he used to be— keenor, perhaps. And like a glimmer upon Maurice Sellon's selfish soul came, the idea. What if Fanning were trying to enrich him'for Violet's sake ? Yet could it be ? Such a stupendous act of self-abnegation was clean outside his own experience of the world and human nature— which experience was not small, 'The nig|it \yas wearing on. Sud denly a loud and frightful sound — so near that it, caused both men to raise themselves on their elbows, Renshaw leisurely. Sellon nuiciklv and with a start— reqhoed forth upon the night. ' The horses pricked up their ears and snorted and tugged - violently at their, (luckily for them) restraining reins, trembling in every limb.-.,' . /. _ A dull red.gjoiy thre.w' fprward tho razor like edge of the cliff overhanging the canip. Silhouetted, .against '.this,, looming blackly as , though' sculptured in brpnise;' stood the 'm|gh|y'''fqrhi/b..ai h uge lion. ' ' ' / / Again', that - terrible roar pealed forth, booming and rumbling away in sullen echoes' among ' the -krantzes. Then the red moon arose over the head of the ; majestic beast,, tho vgrim Monarch of the Right roaring defiance against those who dared invade 'his desert domain. For a moment hp-stood there fully outlined, then vanished as though melting into empty ajr. Jfi.JjUcky I tqok the' precaution of building a sohanz— eh ?" / said Ren- shavv, quietly, heaping fresh los ', p'n the fire. . . ; 's ,.';VS i , " By tjTpYp it/is," acciujes'ced Se|lqn, a little QYeratyed, : V CHAPTER XXIII. i . . Following the Clue. ; ! It takes a. little time to get used to sleeping out in the open, and on the hard ground. - The latter the novice is apt to find, hard indeed. There is ajways that refractory lump or stone just under his hip bone, and by 'tlie" time he has removed this, or shifted his position; lie only settles down tp, find t\vo similar spumes pf affliction- where th pre was. but rpne before. If timid ho will think of, snakes, if ner vous he will 'be/ momentarily imagin ing some cold .oreeping thing era wl- i'ng' oyer his ' | ear or sneaking -inside the legs of his . trousers.', Add , to this " the hoyplty of the siluntibh,' and' the' hundrecPandi.ono varying voices of; tho' night, whic'h cbiubiije to keep ; him awake, and 'it- follows", thiit h'owbve'r all'Ur.ing ;i;p . the embryo traveller may be the, prospect of ' camping out," tho reality is less plensant— till he gets used it. ( Renshaw, remarking that their late formidable, visitant needn't have wished thejn good-night quite so loudly, rolled himself in a blanket, and in .ten: minutes was fast' asleep.. But Sellon; being new to this kind of / thing,, speedily fell a . vie ti m ; to , each and all of the little iiicpnyphiences above de tailed, and passed a . most uncomfort able and restless night. The/ howling of -tho. hyienas, - mingling - with ' the shriller' " ynp " of tbo. hunting jackal sounded .continuous ; then just as he wis dropping oil into a doze, tho ioud baugh ! baugh 1" of a troop of baboons on. th'o m'puntain sido started 'him; wide awak'p',. again", his first impression being that their , late .visitor was: prowling; around; intent on cultivating a closer acquaintance. Twice, indeed, lie did hear that thundrous; muffled' roar, which '"once" heard is so unmistakable, but it wqs in.the' far distance. '.On the whole, therefore, all' unrested as ho was, he felt anything but sorry when his companion, looking from under his blanket, stared at the Btars, then leisurely sat- up. ! " "By Jove! I've, been envying you, " growled Sellon., You've been sleeping like ; a log, and . I've hardly closed my eyes all night." > : : "Rot eh? Ah, I' forgot you're not used to this sort pf thing.: You soon wjll,; be, though. . - Turn in again a little longer,' while T breW the coffee!" / " Coffee ! Why, man, it isn't day light yot." . / ;,' , No, but in a few minutes.it will be. However, you lie. , still. Try and snatch another hour's snooze, I'll see to, everything. He was us good as his word- When Sellon awoke— not in . ahother hour, biit rather more titan -two— the sun Was already up, but his /comrade was nowhere to be seen, nor were the horses. Thero- was the- coffee kettle, however, handy by the fire and some biscuit. Having absorbed a steaming cup or two, Sellon lighted his pipe and felt better. ; A double report sounded from some way along: the river bank then and there. In about twenty minutes Ren shaw returned. . , " I've been . marketing," he . said, turning half a dozen ring-doves out of, his pocket." " These little -jokers, are! not half bnd wken grilled" on the coals, and they don't take long to cook. To-night will , be the last time we can make a fire until we find ourselves here again— that is if we come back this way." : - , . . / \- - " Well, I shall go and get a swim," said Maurice, jumping up and stretch ing himself. ' "A swim ? Hold hard.- Where will; you get it ?" : ' "In the river, of course," was the astonished answer. . But Renshaw shook his head. . , ! i' You'd bettor not try it, Sellon. It isn't safe." ".Why ? Alligators l" . ; " Yes. Ypu can't go into deep water. But there's a shallow a little way up, . where you can have a goon- spiasn. its only a /matter, of . a few inches if you keep close to the bank — and you must, keep close to it . too. I'ye been in .my- polf this morning— and by tho same token it's the last chance of tubbing , we shall got. I'll go as far as the rise! and' pojnt you out the place.'' ' ; Half an hour, later Sellon returned, reinvigorated by his bath, and clamor ing for breakfast. !-... :.V' The birds had been : plucked and spread upon the enters, split open, spatchcock fashion, and when ready afforded our travellers ! a toothsome breakfast. Then they, saddled up. . " We shan't do our thirty niiies to-' day," said Renshaw, as thay rode along.. " We started too late. But that won't greatly matter. ' Vo have plenty pf time, ajid it's better to keep , the horses fresh-than to rush them, through.'! " So it is. But, I say, this plfice is lijie tlip. Upntirara Yalley, minus the' bush and the greenness." It was, As they!, rode on the desolate wildqess of the ; defile in-:; creased. Rooky slopes sparsely grown with stunted bush, the usual cjiff formation cleaving ' the sky-line. Boulders large and small studded, the- valley, lyitig like so many houses on tho. hillsides or ... piled up jn un- pleasaptjy bbstruotivo profusion,:right alohg'the line of march. . Of apimal life there was little enough. Here and there an armor-plated tortoise stalk ing solemnly among the Btones, or a liirge bird of prey circling overhead — but ' of ganie . np sign. As the sun ipounted . highpr and higlior, pouring his rays into the defile as though focussed' tlirough a burning glass, the heat tried Sellon severely. " This. is awful," |iei growled,' for the fi£tiet,h tiipp, mopping his stpapiing face. - ' "Is it going to.be like. this all the way?" ' '.! . / ' ' ; 7 'f It- may. bo. But: we shall have to do most'of ' our mbvjng! about at night, Wo can take it easy now and off- saddle, and trek: on again towards sun-, down. "Until wo actually begin our Search, I know the ground by heart./ Come noty, (Sellon, you must keep up your determination. It's beastly try- j ing, I know, for an unseasoned chap ; but think of the end." " I believe I'll get a sunstroke first," was the dejected reply, its the speaker flung himself wearily on tho ground. "Rot a bit of it. Here, have a drop of liquor — but you'd better take it weak, or it'll do more harm than good." And getting out a pannikin Renshaw poured in a littlo of tho com tents of his flask, judiciously diluting it from the water- skin slung across the packhorse. This water-skin, by the way, was an ingenious contrivance of his own, and of which he was not a little proud. Like its! Eastern! prototype — upon which it was modelled— it consisted of the' dressed skin of a good-sized Angora kid— ono of the logs serving for; the spout. ..;/// '. !" ' " Rot a' bad dodge, eh ?" acquiesced Renshaw, in ; response to his . com panion's remark. ''The water lias a leathery taste I admit,! but it's better, than none at all. I hit upon the idea when I first began ! these /expedition's. Something of tho .kind wns absolutely essential./ Trekking /with; waggons you carry the ordinary vaatje (a small , drum-shaped keg); slu'iig between the wheels, but it's. an inconvenient", thing to load up on a horse— in fact the' second attempt I made the 'concern got : loose - and rolled the r whole way down a mountain side— i-of . course; splinteriiig! to atoms. /Besides; this : thing. ... Holds 'morp and . keeps ;!th,e water! copier. I came ' near dying, pf thirst : that time, being three nights and two days without it drop of / any-': thing; for this .-is a mighty dry coun try I needn't tell you." . ' ."What if the whole yarn "should- turn out moonshine after all?" said Sellon, with the despondenny. . pf a thoroughly exhausted, man. " There's one' thing about . it that- looks fishy. How could what's his' name — Green- way— wounded as lie ' was; fetch your place in two or three days ? Why, it'll take -us nearly a week to do it— if not quite." "That very thing struck me at first," said Renshaw, quietly, shredding up a ' piece of Boer , toba!oco. . " My im pression. . is ho; didn't, come back the same way he went. You see, lie knew th.e country " thoroughly. ; He inny have taken a. short cut and come straight oyer the inpuntaiiis, 'Fclr I'm pretty sure the way we are taking is an altogethpr round about . pne," !; (('Then why couldn't the; fellow have told you the shorter one, instead of sending us round fijare© sides of a square ?" 1 "That's soon "explained. !;,?!u ' the first place, this "way. is easier, tq. fipd,. the land marks more unmistakeable, and- the travelling. . jietter. In the secopd, you must reniepjber thp ppor old chap was at his. last gasp. ' It's a, good thing for you, Sellon, that ho Wa?; for if ho had only lived half aii hour longer— even a- quarterrr-he'd hqve, given fuller details and I should havo found the place long ago,'/ Look - how disjointed tl)e last part of his story is, just thp main outlines, trusting to me 'to. fill in detail. I tell you it was.quite pitiable to seo tho manful effort he I made to keep up until he; had said his .say."/'. — Later in the afternoon, the heat having somewhat abated; tliey resumed their way, which grew qt: every jnilp more rough and toilsome, between those lofty walls, winding round a spur,' only to find a succession of similar spurs further on. Then the sun wont off tho defile, and a coolness truly .refreshing succeeded. Renshaw, leading the way, held steadily on, for there was light enough from the great sparkling canopy above to enable them to more than distinguish out line. , At length the moon rose. " Look ahead, Sellon, and tell me, if you see anything," said Renshaw at last. " See anything ?' Why, no. Stop a bit, though," shading his eyes. " Yes. This infernal valley has come to an end. There's > big precipice bang ahead of us.' . We can't got any further." '! .' . .'' . I ' " Rot, oh ? Well, noto, look to the ' left." Sellon obeyed. At right anglo3 to the valley they had been uscending and which here opened out into a wide basin .barred in. front by the cliff re ferred to ran another similar defile. "There it is," continued Renshaw in a satisfied tone. "That's the .'.long poort' mentioned by Green way— and," pointing to tlio right — " there are the ' two kloofs.' . It was oven as he said. /The situa tion corresponded exactly. " We'll go into, camp now,"-' said; Renshaw. ' ' Let's: .'see ,what:/.ypu'll think of my '.hptpU" . Turning, off the-track they -had been pursuing, Ronshaw led the way up a slight acclivity. A'.nupiber of boulders law strewn 'around in'a kind of-natural Stonehenge. . In thti midst was a cir cular depression, containing a littlo water, the' remnant of the last rain fall. s- !' look /there,'' lie went on, pointing out a smoke-blackened /patch against'- the. rock, : That's' my old ' fireplace;'' Our blaze, will - be /quite .hidden, ; as much as it can be1 anywhere, that . is.: So now we'll set to work and make ourselves snug." .. . . - 1 Until he became top. fatigued to puffer .his/mind to dwell upon anything but his own discomfort,, Sellon) had been cudgelling his brains to solve the mystery of the ; resuscitated document, but in' yain.. /He' was/almost iholined at .last to /attribute its abstraction and recovery to the agency of -the dead ad venturer's ghost;- But'the solution" of the mystery was a .very simple .one, and , if Sellon de serves to be loft in the darkness of per plexity by reason of the part he played in the matter, the reader does not. So y/e may briefly refer ' to lin incident which, unknown to the former, had occurred on the evening of Renshaw's return to the most-uninviting home./ - He had been very Vexed over the French leave taken by his retainer, as We have seen. But, when his anger- against old Djrk was at its highest, the iatter's consort, reckoning the' time had oome for playing the. trump card, produced' a dirty 'roll of paper. Hand ing it to her master,' she recommended him to take care of it in future. j. Rpnshaw's surprise -as he reoognispd Its idenfiity .was pompthing- to witness — almost, las , great as . Sellon's. He had been going about all these weeks, thinking -thp recor'd ;;of his . precious secret as seoure as > ever, and all t|ie , wbijp it: 'was in the dubious 'care ojfVu. .' slovpnjy , old ' JCoranna woman. . !Bui;on:the spbjept'of how it .came into , .h.er../.posse8sipn old Kaatje was 'reticent. She ha.d takeq care of it whilp the Baas was sick— andj but for ,her it might have been lost beyond "re covery. '/More than this he could not extruct-4-except ap earnest recommen- ,datipn tp.:,Jpok after it better/ in the .future, .However, its propitiatory iobject was accomplished, qind lie P.ould 'not do pth,P)'wise than pardon thq de- faultiiig Dirk, on the spot. : . The faot was, she hud witnessed the stranger's doubtful proceedings, and having her suspicions had deter mined to watch him. When she saw him deliberately steal her master's ojierisbed " charm," she thought it was time to -interfere. She had accord ingly crept up to tho open window and reft the paper out of Sellon's . hand — as we have seen. Sp. poor old Green way's ghost may rest absolved in the! matter, likewise the enemy of mankind and the pre- tornaturally accomplished baboon. And, although she did nob state as much, the fact was that the Koranna woman had intended to return, the dooument upon Renshaw's recovery, but-had refrained on seeing him about to - take his departure in company with the strange Baas, whom she distrusted, and not without good reason. '(to be continued.) 