CANTERBURY PARK RACE CLUB. SATURDAY. JANUARY 13. Stewards : Messrs. S. Ackman, T. M. Alcock, F. J. Moore, E. E. A. Oatley, J. A. Scarr, W. L. Davis : judge, Mr. A Benson ; surgeon. Dr. Allan lian dicapper, Mr. J. A. Scarr; starter, Mr. W. L. Davis ; timekeeper, Mr. T. M. Alcock : clerk of scales. Mr. A. E. Bateman ; clerk of the course, Mr. W. Burgess ; general manager and secretary, Mr. W. L. Davis. The weather indications on Saturday were not very encouraging to the Canterbury Park when a go meat with regard to the success of the January to union. for the forenoon was oppressively sultry, but about 4 p m a heavy shower set in last ng fully an hour The downpour had the effect of clearing the atmosphere and with the exception of another slight shower, the afternoon was fine the attendance was up to the average the means of conveyance by rail and road being well patronised and the customary reckless style of driving between Ashfield and the trysting-place was repressed by the Transit officers, who were stationed at intervals along the road Though sound, the track was H. trifle heavy owing to the rainfall but the only mishap occurred in the Hurdle Race First Lord coming down over the obstacle in front of the stand but though Mr laughlin got knocked about by coming in contact with one of the horses he was not seriously injured The starting apparatus was brought into operation for the first time with horses but the results were not altogether satisfactory The apparatus was filed at the six furlongs post where the starts for the Flying Handicap, Park Stakes and Selling Race SA were effected For the firstnamed event the horses went away in a line and the despatch for the Selling event was equally good but in the Park Stakes a couple of horses remained at the post and the others departed in a string, consequently opinions differed considerably as to the utility of the barrier system The starts for the Hurdle Race Canterbury Handicap and Welter Handicap were effected by Mr J Hegerty who sent off the horses on good terms The general arrangements were conducted successfully under the supervision of Mr M L DIMS The Hurdle Race with which proceedings commenced brought out a field of eight and Marque was most in demand while First Lord was next fancied First Lord fell over the hurdle opposite the stand when half the journey had been negotiated and Zingara who occupied a prominent position throughout, scored an easy victory The starting apparatus was brought into operation for the first time in connection with the Flying Handicap, and at the request of several owners a couple of teal despatches were given before the horses were sent on their mission On the second trial Dutch Hoe broke away, and galloped once round before he was pulled up The start was a good one and the favourite, who was the first to break the line, won from end to end, while Nina who was also well supported made a bold bid for the prize at the finish The Park Stakes brought out a baker's dozen, and favouritism was divided be tween Dolce and the Driller The starting apparatus was again brought into requisition, but the despatch was by no means a good one for Claverhouse and Clive were left at the post and the favourite was the last to get going Althea and Topsy almost on terms set the pace until well in the straight where Princess Olga who occupied a prominent position all the way came through and won a good race Confidence, Rosstellan Gerard, and M L A were the most prominent of the absentees for the leading event the Canterbury Handicap, and All Sorts was made favourite while Sedan The BOBS Tailor and Bendigo were consistently supported at the quoted prices Solon and Assayer cut out the greater part of the work but Bendigo came at the right end and defeated the favourite The BOBS Tailor who was pulling hard as they passed the stand dropped back last in the next furlong and cantered home An exciting finish was witnessed for the Selling Race in which seven took part, with Creeper and Frank most in demand, but both had their colours lowered by Reversion Despite his inglorious display in the Park takes, The Driller was entrusted with most investments for the Welter Handicap for which the son of Marvellous started a warm favourite, and, holding a good position from the fall of the flag he justified the faith reposed him by coming away when called upon, and won in a canter The programme was run through in the following order - HilODLr It RACE a handicap of 60 Sovs 2 miles -Air M Griffin s cb in Zingara by Sweetmeat Grace aged Ost dab (F Segas), 1, Mr H Baxter's tag bearing, a veto, mt LIV. lib (O'Dwyer), 2; Mr. J. Manton's ch g Mark Twain, aged, 9st 5lb (Waters). 3. Other starters ; First Lord, stills; Marque. 9nt71b; Martinet, Ort 7lb; Coghill sts 5lb; Holmes, 9st 5lb, including 3lb over. Betting: 6 to 2 v. Marque, 4 to t v. First Lord, 6 to 1 v. Barzan, 7 to 1 T. Hornet and Zingara, 10 to 1 T. others. Marque was the first to move, but Mark Twain and Coghill were leading down the straight to the stand, where Coghill took command, with Zingara on his girths, followed by First Lord, Barzan. Mark Twain, and Hornet, with Margaret acting as whipper-in. As they raced down hill Zmjrara took charge of affairs from Marque. First Lord, narran, and Coghill, and so they sailed along the back stretch and round the bend to the turn, where Marque headed Zingara, and after the pair came Coghill and First Lord The hurdle at the stand brought down First Lord, and Zingara heading Marque allowed the way down hill three lengths clear from Marque, Coghill, and Bar/fin. There was no change of importance in the rest of the trip, and Zingara won easily by two lengths and a-half from Darwin, who was three lengths in front of Mark Twain. After the placed horses came Marque, CrghiU, and Hornet, with Margaret beaten off. Time, 4 minutes 2 seconds. FTA ISO theme war US SO Sovs,, second horse 10 SHOTS from the pros, a f furlongs -Mr. R O'Connor's b m Brown and Gold, by Welcome Jack Tom, 6 years, 8st (Moran), 1 ; Messrs Darton and Perry's b m Nina, 3 years, 7st 8lb (A. Delaney), 2; Mr. J. Manton's b f Iduna, 3 years, 7st (Kennedy), 3. Other starters: Ballater, Bat 9th, Myles Standish, 7st Hill; Calliope, 7at Olh, Killarney, 7st 7lb, Little Man, 7st 4lb, Gil Blas, 7st lib, Albecore, 7st 2lb ; Chesterman, 7st 2lb, Patroness, 7st ; Dutch Hoe. 081 Dib. Betting 3 to l v. Brown and Gold, 4 to 1 v Iduna, rd to Mr Nina. 8 to l v. Dutch Hoe, 10 to 1 T. others. When the word was given the favourite dashed away with the lead, followed by Ballater, Myles". Standish, Nina, and Dutch Hoe and so they ran along to the back stretch, where Tdiini ran up second, and was succeeded by. Little Man, Albecore, Nina, and Dutch Hoe. Rounding the bend. Nina went up third to Brown and Gold and Iduna, and the favourite, holding her own in the run home, won by a bare half-length from Nina, who beat Iduna by nearly three lengths for second place. Myles Standish was fourth, and then came Calliope and Killarney, while Chesterman an 1 Dutch Hoe were the last to finish. Time, 1 minute 18 seconds PARK STAKES, a handicap of 60 tons,, for all horses that have never wonanad\crtiB(.dpn:*eof thevalueof 45 sets at the time of running; 6 furlongs.- Mr. J. B. Clark's b of Princess Olga, Eva Chester Princes Maud, 3 years, 7st (LuckmanJ. 1 ; Mr. S. Hordern's b f Merry Belle, 3 years, 7st 4lb (D, Cleal, 2: Mr A. V. Foy's ire h His Reverence, 4 years, 7st 3lb (J. Tierney), 2 Other starters Geebung, 7st 3lb, The Driller, 7st 9lb, Claverhouse, 7t.t7.b- Cap- tivity. Tut 7lb ; Althea, 7st 4lb Do'ce, 7st 4lb, Grand with, 7st 2lb j Topsy, 7st j Lady Elizabeth, 6st 8lb, Clive, 7st 6lb (including 2lb over). Betting?. 4 to 1 each v Dolce and The Driller, 7 for each v. Grand with, Althea and Prin- nee Olga, 8 to 1 each v. Merry Belle and Geebung, 10 to 1 v. others. Althea was first away, with Topsy, wife Claverhouse and Clive were left at the port. Althea and Topsy carried on the running along the back stretch from Princess Olga, Grandwitch, and Merry Belle, and showed the way to the distance, where Princess Olga came through, and won by half a length from Merry Belle, who was, a length in front of His Reverence, after whom came Grandwitch. Geebung, and The Driller, while Cap- tivity and Lady Elizabeth were last past the post. Time, 1 minute 17 seconds CANTERBUrY _-A»PIOAP, Of 100 BOY , ROOM hOIM 20 tons from the prize, 12 mile -Mr E Key's b h Bendigo, by "Newbold Lady Baldwin, aged 8st 4lb (Moran), 1 Mr H Garratt brg All sorts, aged, 9st lb ("Panter), 2, Mr J It Anderson's ch c Solon, 3 years Yet Olb (Gainsford) 3 Other starters Barnaby Rudge, 9st 6lb, Assayer, 7st 7lb, Hegira, 7st Tib Daneburr, 72ft, The Boss Tailor, 6st 8lb, Vantrrave, bills, irving Cup 6 t 7lb Betting 7 to 2 r All sorts, 4 to 1 each v Solon and The Bond tailor. Rta 1 T Bendigo, 7 to 1 T Barnaby Rudge, 12 to 1 T. Hargrave and Assayer Solon was the Ant away followed by Danbury and Vangravc, while all sorts and Bendigo were last to get going, and so they came to the turn into the straight, where The BOM Tailor joined the leading division Passing the stand but on was just leading from Danbury, The Boss Tailor, and Hegira, with All sorts and Bendigo etc! in the rear As they raced down hill The Boss Tailor fell back last, while Assayer and bolan carried on the running from Daneburr and Loving Cup Going along the back Bendigo answered his position, and Solon, Assayer and Vaugrave formed the leading division as they passed the half-mile post and rounded the bend, where Bendigo, Hegira and All sorts were next. Bendigo turned into the straight with a slight advantage from Solou All Sorts, and "YangraTc, and keeping his section to the end, won hyacinth from the favourite, who lost beat Bolton by a head in the last stride for second place Hegira was next, followed by Barn b r Rudge Vanurave Loving Cup, and Oinebiirr, while The Boss Tailor was beaten off, and cantered in Turn, 2 minutes 15 council bKi LINO RACE of 70BO*S , w far winner to be sold for £100 of furlongs -Mr T Payten's b g Reversion, b) Somnus Belge of Cobham (nil aged, Mr J 2lb Luckman , 1 Mr J Abraham's br m Alma, forbears Mt lib (M Tierney), 2 Mr 3 fielder K D ra Creeper aged, 6st 2lb (U. Fielder), 3 Other _f triers Miss. Standish, 7st lib, Grotte, 7st 5lb Frank 7st 5lb , Mildred 6st 3lb Betting 2 to 15 francs a ton Trade ft to l each v Reversion and Miles Standish 10 to 1 A others Frank, followed by < reefer, made the pace to the bend, where Bert Frank and Alma joined them, and a good race home resulted in a head win for Reversion from Elma, who was two length in advance of the favourite, after whom came Mr Lee Standish, Frank, and Gazette Time, 1 minute 18 seconds WELTER HANDICAP of 70 Sovs ; second horse to receive removed from the prize, lowest, ghost 7lb , 1 mile and 100 varaN-Mi H GiJtinunV dig '-One driller, has Mar \oUous-Reclaimed, r^eajs.O-it ilbvP Lilla), 1, Mr H V Foy's grit His Reverence, 1 years, states John Gough, 2, Hon W K Long's b j Thelma, aged, 9st Jib (M l.nrn-0, 3 Other starters Here, last 7lb, Rostellan, line Mr, Juan, lOst, Waratah Oat Hugo. Dit. Bill), Sstlllb, Convent, 8 Hill, Candle Sstlllb. Dagworth II, stills Brightlights 8st 2) b Double Event, 8st 7lb Betting "2 to 2 r The Driller, 7 to I each v Htro, Waratah and Cradle, 10 to 1 each v His Reverence, Howtellun Au return, Brightlights, and June The of an ounce and BUK were H ra arrest on their legs, and Billy led past the stand, closely attended by Hannah Coate, Double Event Aure1!!!1- and the favourite, the same order boingprerfcrvLd down hill and along the back stretch to the far corner, where Waratahs just in front of His j_cvi_pnce, the favourite and Tuan They came round the bend wit hunt in al tem tion among the leading division, undying verse- into the straight with the Driller, His Reverence, and Brightlights next The favourite cut down his opponents before reaching; the distance, and drawing out won easily three lengths from His Reverence who has. Aurelius on his girth H HUÜ then succeeded Juan, Brightlights Waman, Cradle, and Roussillon, with Convent Billy, and Double Event first 'time, 1 minute 55 seconds 