Town raL. That there was a singular backwardness in he torwardness of san~e of tile aldcrloeu at last Monday's Council meeting. That--?coma to thisk of i;, wonder if say ml them thooght that day was the day on which the Standard Time Act comes inta forse. That, eves if that was their imlpression, they should have been consistent and cose in about twelve minutes after 3, not ltsea' sninatere -fter the hour. That the "T.T." man desirea te asaure thos: gnotlemeo that they need be in no hurry to anticipate the Tlime Act. That that important measure will not cake effect 0util 16 pm, on New Yeas Ease. That at that interesting hour our energetic Telegraph master will in some way communs cats thc new time to the awe-strickeo crowd. Thatwhbether the isformation is to be com msnicated by electric bell, by time-hall, by lo'sestsg afiag, vy fnug a ,royal salute, or by droppinga crate of earthenware from the top of the llackail Fountain, nobody seems to know. That, if a temporar Iplatform could ho erected at the summit of'tne Blackall column, \--d if the new time could be annoonced by the drmpping therefrom of a few things thatare a o-ulsanee to the place, the year 1804 would not die alones That It would then be sacrificed in sech a proper and 'beoming manner that its ghost ?o?ld never walk aboot the One-mile Itidge. that vke new year will not be quite so dark -or head teachers is State schools as the past That they will have a little bit of toffee In the payment of £?tper annnm for every pupal tuasher who puasee his examination. ,That the work requirer to puas a pupil tacher is well worth the five quid. That, judging from the play on Saturday lat the Polo Club mean " bi."' That both members and horses are rapidly -ettieg integond form. That it is confidently expected that they ill noom be enaliled to knock spoon off asy oth-halub between the Tweed and Jimbour. That It is evident, from the scoren made by both Englibhmsu and Australians this week, that there was no "out for an airing" shout them. That they were both on the job, and the wa?t in which they piled op the runs was -satonishiog. That the Anstralians were lucky:in disposing of 8toddart for 12 and 36 rnns respectively. That ,the magnificent display of batting by the Australiano in their first ilainga will, no doubt, never be forgotten by all who witnessed it, nor wdll it be likely to fade out of the mem ,r'y of those who didn't see it. ahst iffen and Gregory, the heroes of the -lnnisgs, immortalised themselves ay making I-- runs between them. That this number was considerably more u.a6 the whole of the Englishteam put up in thir first .isings. That Oregory made over three centuries- two in ross and soe in eploh. That, is other words, besides the honour of making a record score, he had the pleasure of getting 40s. Sl 22/67d., or l0s.:8 "582l39303d. iorevery run he made. That cricket paid for at such a rate pays the cr-ceter- atlesaot,he might manage to struggle tog at that rate. Tht the "TJ.T." man han often wondered sines that presentation took place whether a Etke sum would, have been collected if the col lection had been taken up for a widow witll -alf.adocen helplesh kiddies. That tile great man has also wondered (since Thusuday) whether Sid. would have got all tinvse "rooks" if he had shone in the first ioniogs an be did in the second. That ts iklg of cricket reminds hint that a weuy interesting match took place almost in rlisbane-street on \WedInesday evenleg last. That it was played no the new Corporation sraphalt pitch at Goleby's corner. Shat, from the appearance of the bat used, it was evident that local Lodustry had been g neaeud. That the ballcould not be seen with sufficient dlstinctusess to deside whether it was one of Dube's best ; bat it probably came frono the umns etablishment as the bat. That the wicket, instead of being vertical, s-? erioaunbl, and consisted ov a ridge of sand. t hat the bowlers tried different styles, and got a good deal of break on- leastways, the ball used to break the wicket all right. That one of the bowlers was a bit of a flemphreye; he usod to send down soms slow "hoppers." That the batsman used to fiet ready to " lift them over the pavilion," but he misjudged the p-?e, made a fearfol gash in the surrouoding atssesphere with his bat, and then had to retire s-midst the derisive plaudits of the field. That the fielding appeared tobeconducted on a new principle. That, at eoe time, there were three wicket teapers, and oane man at mid-off, while short slip amused himself by hurling municipal racks into the air, deaf to allUetreatles to '"scout ot I" That, unfortunately, the scorcs have not yet lseen furnished to the press, but.the aggregate eprobably something under a million. That it is pretty clear that Coolgardie is not the howling geld-field that the boomers have tried to seke ont, . That disappointment, distrea, disease, vdes oAr nsod death seem to be much vsore preys Lst than gold. The the same tale comes from so many people well known is this district that there nast be troth in it. That things. are bad enough here, in all ooossiencs, but they are a blamed sight worse there. That what seems to have been about the _elap ison echool entertainment was the one at Ma Ca Creek on the oceasios of the breaking op there. TPhat the cantata then euait tod is said to lave been semarkably well rendered, and the gifted writer deeply regrets that he was not present to hear it. That, unfortonately, the talented little per formsers ere a long way from town; otherwise their services might be enlisted in aid of the Ipnewih Hospital. That a very interesting paragraph appeared in a recent issue of the Prinser' Regisler. That it seevvs that a little while ago a news paper was started in Washiogron, Iby printers ned working people, to give employment to printersthrwn out of work by theintroduction m type-setting machines. That these enterprising henefactors (them salves working people, he it noted hlave now decided to put i composisg-mabhines, aod Mblans the brotherly love business. That the moral of this little story is that the peeple who preach equality and mateship, w-hes they are working for a capitalistic tyrant, become capitalistic tyrants themselves the moment they get a chance to do so. That they then, somehow, eotortain very different ideas of mateohip itron what tbey did when they were servants themselves. That the Intercolonial Drummers' cricket snatch at Armidale ecemplified the "glorious uncertainties" splendidly. That the Quesnalanders were very much too preelesa in elosing their second innings, con sidering that they were 21 ronn behiud in the -rst. That, whes theNew foutts Valeo oven made 70 in their second innings for the loss of onc wpic.ket, and thus won the matcll hy 3 runs and nine wickets, the lueenolanders vmust have felt ready to sink intq the earth. That the "T.T." man now diosires to wish ai countless readers , IA dEnoY CCsaoRTMAs i" Two Brishane pressven---hesors. B. A. Taodevio and W. A. faverly-Ihave purchased the "rcea-nLtd Slur, and take possession of it ass ths let of Januacry. The pre sent lessee of ohe paper (Mr. D0 h. .Cameorsn). also hba run sucessively the Allure Geuardian, A'lntyre Ac?ahd, and Borderposl, has purchased the -mint of the Ne lpsgfanvsd Dcnecrat, which, ho l bihortlydibepy Its ooloous to :a 