LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THE BUILDING SOCIETY FRAUDS. CONDITIONAL PURCHASERS' ARREARS. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT. The Speaker took the chair at 4.30 p.m. BAIL WAT Sl'ATIONMASTERS. In reply to a question, Mr. See said he waB informed that a lump sum is paid the Railway Department for services performed for the Postal Department. In fixing the remuneration of officers consideration is given to the whole of the duties to be performed. If officers entrusted with postal duties are found remiss in their work they are dealt with m the ordinarv course. THE IMPERIAL L., B., AND I. COMPANY. Mr. Babton said an attack had been made on the previous evening on -ii« administration of the office of Attorney-General, but he would not dis cuss the matter at present. He had procured the police court depositions in the case in question only that afternoon, and therefore had had no opportunity of preparing the statement he would like. He would crave leave on the follow ing (this) afternoon to make a statement on the subject. (Hear, hear.) THE MILITARY TOURNAMENT. Sir Geobge Dibbs, in reply to Mr. Haynes, said he would lay on the table the papers in con nection with the resent military tournament if moved for in the ordinary way. COUNTRY FIRE BRIGADES. Mr. Fegan asked the' Premier did he intend makirig any provision for a grant to country fire brigades. Sir Geoege Dibbs : Not until after th8 general election. Mr. Fegan : You might not have the chance then. (Laughter.) THE BROKEN HILL TRAGEDY. Mr. Haynes asked the Premier what steps were to be taken regarding the two policemen who shot a man at Broken Hill. Sir Geoege Dibbs said he only knew that the men were tried at Broken Hill, which was not the most popular place for policemen, and they were acquitted by the jury. He did not know any punishment that could follow that. STAMP DUTIES AMENDMENT BILL. The Stamp Duties Act Amendment Bill was received from the Council without amendment. ARREARS ON CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. Mr. Goemlt moved the adjournment of the House in order to discuss a Gazette notice of May 11 announcing that action would be taken to declare forfeited any conditional purchase on which instalments were in arrears on May 31 next. He said he did not think that in these de pressed times people's lands should be forfeited because they could not meet the arrears. They would lose their improvements and the money already paid, and he hoped the Gazette notice would not be enforced. It had caused much trouble and a stoppage of credit, and he hoped the Minister would allay the panic caused by the notice. Mr. Copeland said in giving the notice he was doing nothing new, but was only follow ing the practice of the department. This notice was published because a large number of people would not pay until the money was squeezed out of them. It did not apply so much to small selectors as to the leviathan holders. In a few months after the notice the Treasury would inform him of the amount in arrear, and a circu lar would be sent to the persons owing. Some time after that a second circular would be sent to the people, then a Gazette notice would be published, and the forfeiture would only take place 30 days after that. The procedure did not coBt so much as advertising in the different papers, and gave a very fair amount of time. He had never refused to give selectors time when asked for it, and already he had given an extension of time for 1671 conditional purchases held by over 800 people. There need be no fear of him treating any person harshly, but he had to keep near the mark in administering the law, or people would not pay ak all. Mr. Hates considered the Minister's explana tion was very satisfactory. He could endorse what he had said about helping the selectors, and he knew no hardship would be imposed on them. Mr. Chapman commended Mr. Gormly*s action in bringing the matter forward. When the money was due at the end of May from big land com panies the law should be enforced. The Minister had shown that these institutions should be made to pay, and the small selectors should have every consideration. Mr. Chantee also commended Mr. Gormly's action. He knew of small selectors beinc driven into the hands of moneylenders and compelled to mortgage their holdings to pay the rent. ? It should be made known to the selectors that when they made a reasonable application the Minister would give them an extension of time. Mr. Gobmly having replied, the motion was negatived. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Sir Geoege Dibbs, in moving the second read ing of the Electoral Act Amendment Bill, said the second reading speeches had already been made. It included what had been asked for on a previous occasion, and his proposed amendment having been ruled, out of order, he now asked that the bill be allowed to go through. Mr. Haynes took exception to the bill leaving some electorates with an abnormally large number of voters. Grenfell, which included Wyalong, would be swollen by some 6000 or 7000 voters. In committee Jie would propose to maintain the normal condition of an electorate by giving to every person in it the right to vote for his own constituency, wherever it might be. He objected to a roll. of transferred electors being formed, which would disturb the principle of the bill. By sending a man's electoral right through tha post as a registered letter the equilibrium of electorates would be maintained. . Mr. Tbailii said the hon. member's proposal only meant entering into a contest with the Upper House in which this chamber could not fail to be worsted. What was asked for was not reasonable, and there was not the ghost of a chance of getting it. Mr. Waddell said he agreed with Mr. Traill. This bill would give a large measure of relief and to send it to the Counciljwith the proposed amend ment would makej it certain to be thrown out. Mr. Baeton said the qualification had always been manhood, with residence, and they should be careful before altering it. In the new system everything possible had been done to save dis franchisement. The faults in the old rolls which made personation possible had been done away with owing to the superior supervision now exercised. ' Even if some rights were undistributed it would be a lesser injury to the country than the fraud that could be carried on under the old system. Where a man at a place like Wyalong had changed his residence permanently he could have his name placed on a transferred roll. If the change were not permanent, and a number of persons made proper representations, the Government would establish a polling place for them. The House could not do more wisely than to accept the bill. Mr. Black supported Mr. Haynes's proposal. It was never intended by Parliament that a man should be disfranchised until he got a fresh right when his residence was changed. Ten times as many men as were at Wyalong would be dis franchised unless allowed to forward their elec tors' right (registered) through post to the districts they belonged to. Mr. Gabbaed thought the Colonial Secretary was right in. bringing in the bill, and he hoped the House would accept it. Mr. Langwell was very glad the Premier had introduced this bill. It was a pity the Premier could not have introduced such a clause as that outlined by Mr. Haynes, and he hoped the matter would be considered in committee. The second reading was agreed to on the voices, and the bill committed. In committee, On Clause 2— 'Mistakes in any roll may be amended,' v Mr. Donald moved to amend the clause so as j to provide that any person might be placed on I the roll who had been omitted by his temporary absence from the district. Sir Geoege Dibbs pointed out that this was dealt with elsewhere, and the amendment was withdrawn. Mr. Hatnes moved the following new clause — ' Any holder of an electoral right who may have . removed from the district for which such right was issued may record his vote for such district personally or by communicating with the re turning officer for the district or his deputy, by post, such letter to be registered free of cost, notifying the candidate for whom he desires to vote; such notification, to be accompanied in all cases by the elector's right, which right shall be retained in the custody of the registrar or his deputy till authoritatively applied for by the holder. Provided that no vote by such re gistered postal letter shall be receivable by the returning officer aforesaid or -»« deputy after the closing of the poll for such electorate.' Unless they adopted this proposal there would be thousands of people disfranchised. Numbers of men were going to Wyalong, and it would mean that all those people would be with out a vote. There were between 10,000 or 15,000 people roaming over the colony who should have votes. Mr. Baeton asked whether this amendment was within the subject matter of the bill. He pointed out that the ballot system was adhered to in the principal act in this bill, and this was a departure of the system of voting by ballot. Mr. Gabbabd was in favor of the amendment, saying it was no new principle, and was on all fours with the bilL Mr. Langtcell contended that the amendment was in order, being relevant to the subject matter of the' bill. Mr. Hatnes said the Attorney-General had not done himself justice in his opposition to the amendment, it being entirely in harmony with the bilL Mr. Levien said the amendment would mean that the man with the most money would get the most votes. Mr. Cook supported the amendment, saying it clearly carried out the principle of the bilL Mr. Melville ruled, the amendment out of order, saying it was outside the scope of the bill, and introduced a new principle. Mr. Gabbaed then moved — ' That the matter be referred to the Speaker,' and this was agreed to. On the Speaker taking the chair Mr. Melville reported the point to him. The Spsakeb said he had given some attention to this case, and he thought the standing order which governed this matter was clear. Any amendment might be made to a clause, provided it was relevant to the subject' matter of the bill or persuant to any instruction otherwise in conformity with the rules of the House, but if any ? amendment that was relevant to the subject matter shall not be within the title of the bill the committee shall amend the title and report to the House. It appeared to him that this clause was not relevant at all to the scope of the bilL and he must therefore sustain the ruling of the Chairman of Committees. Mr. Cann moved a new clause to stand as clause 4 — ' That notwithstanding anything con tained in this act or the principal act, the holder of an elector's right resident in another district, not being the holder of a transferred right, shall be entitled to vote in the district in which he is the holder of an elector's right.' The Chateman ruled the amendment out of order for a similar reason to that on which the other clause was moved out of order. The bill was passed through committee, and on the motion that the Chairman leave the chair and report the bill to the House, Mr. Hatnes asked the Premier, now this bill had been got through committee, whether there was any possibility of bringing in an Amending Electoral Bill for the purpose of enfranchising some 20,000 people who were still without a vote ? Sir Geoege Dibbs : Do you want a straight answer? Mr. Hatnes: Yes. Sir Geoege Dibbs : No. Mr. Gaebaed said that whilst this bill would do good as it was, it would have been capable, if dealt with in a fairer spirit, of doing a great deal more. The bill was reported to the House with amend ments, and on the question of adoption of report, Mr. Bathes -moved to re-committ the bill. His purpose was to ascertain if they could not get from the House instructions to deal with a new clause having for its purpose the object of en franchising a large section of the community who, despite the proposed amendments in the bill, were left without votes. He wished to give the holders of electoral rights the right to vote outside their electorates. TTin object was to get the proper instructions from the House to deal with the amendment he had previously moved. The Speaeeb moved that this course was out of order, as the amendment was beyond the limits of the bilL Mr. Hatnes then opposed the adoption of the report, on the ground that the bill failed to effect the reform desired throughout the country. The Premier appeared to be *nore inclined to cut down the number of votes than to add them. Mr. Cook did not see any limitations in the title of the bill, and it appeared to him that the amendment should be dealt with by the Chamber. However, apart from this he regretted this dis franchisement of thousands of people. The intention of the bill in the first instance was that these people should have votes. Mr. G. D. Clabk accused the Government of deliberately breaking faith with the House and the country in disfranchising thousands of people. Mr. Tbaxll defended the bill, and condemned the attacks on the Government as factions. Sir Geoege Dibbs said hon. members opposite had done their best to destroy any possible chance of relief being given to some 15,000 per sons. The enmity to the bill was a shame from start to finish. Mr. Sydney Smith said Opposition members made no attempt at all to block the bill. They only wanted to get the franchise for some thou sands of people who would not have it otherwise. Mr. Baeton said there had been, no attempt whatever to disfranchise any person. He had fought for this principle, and it waa thrown oat by the Upper House. At the ooniereaca after' wards it was seen that if they struggled for the outside vote they would probably lose the entire bill. If the bill tried to provide more than it did it would be futile, and they would only .illus trate the dog in the fable. Mr. J./F. Cullbn hoped the Government would yet consider the possibility of perfecting their measure. Mr. Cotton said the accusation of being a sham came with bad grace from a Government, every member of which in private had positively de clared his opposition to the bilL The report was adopted, after which the bill was read a third time and passed. It was then forwarded to the Council for concurrence. LABOR SETTLEMENTS AMENDMENT BILL. In moving the second reading of the Labor Settlements Act Amendment Hill, Mr. Copeland said the bill did not propose to change the ex isting: law any more than to ask for an increased sum to assist the various settlements. This bill was merely experimental legislation. He did not desire to commit the country to any large expen diture until they saw what was likely to be the outcome of this. The bill had been pressed on him, and he had been most loyal to it. On the settlements the men were industrious and worke'd with a good heart, and at Pitt Town and Wilberforce at least there was every prospect of their working themselves in a good position. He read a number of extract commending the officers in charge of the settlements, and also the quality of the soils. There was no land so good or better available for the purpose anywhere near Sydney. Speaking with regard to the Pitt Town Settlement, he had taken the responsibility on himself of giving that settlement .£500 more than was authorised by Parliament, but the people would have starved without this, and he trusted to the good sense of Parliament to recognise this. The settlers had already done .£2069 worth of improvements, and if the people were not interfered with the settle ments should prove a success. At Pitt Town they had 300 acres cleared and 60 acres under cultivation. The board was very anxious to get this bill passed, as they wished to plant 1000 fruit trees. The supposed friends of the settlers were, however, their greatest enemies, as owing to their interference the men were becoming dissatisfied, and unless this was overcome the settlements might break up. He agreed that the men sheuld have one third of their own representatives as the board of control, but he wished to consider the matter first. Mr. Citllen considered it was a mistake to ask the House to consider a bill such as this at such a late hour. His sympathies were altogether with the Pitt Town settlers. That House had no right to pass a measure of this sort with its eyes shut. What they were asked to do now they would be asked to do 12 months hence. He warned the House that whilst they were asked to double the intended beneficence of Parliament now the dose would have to be repeated year by year. He asked — Should they carry on an experiment that was ?unsuccessful? They had started on wrong lines to artifically cultivate farmers. It was mad for Parliament to try and teach tailors how to farm. % , , Mr. Bttedektn said he regarded these settle ments as the initiation of a scheme for the settle ment of the country. The Minister was entitled to the very highest praise for having inaugurated the system. He though the people, however, should have more direct repre sentation of the boards of control. The people had learned the art of farming, and were painstaking, industrious, and orderly, and fitted to earn their living anywhere. It was the very best form of technical education. As regards Pitt Town, it was more suited for fruit culture than anything else, and the people might need help till the trees grew. It would only be carrying out what the House had affirmed, and the people by their industry had deserved help. Mr. Schet said the expenditure was for one of the finest possible purposes, and he pointed out that much money had been wasted over wholly unproductive work. Even if .£200,000 were to be spent on these settlements it could not be used for a better purpose. He would support the bill, but he did not think the sum proposed was sufficient. Mr. Fegan approved of what had been done with the settlements already, but he held that the Newcastle district should have a settlement estab lished there. He mentioned Dora Creek as being specially suited for the purpose. Mr. Cook complimented the Minister on the stand he had taken, and he hoped he would see the matter through whether it was a failure or not. With fair treatment from the Minister he was assured there was no chance of failure. .Mr. Copeland, in reply, said it was simply non sense to say the soil in the settlements was no good. The second reading was agreed to, and the bill was taken into committee. x In reply to Mr. Schey, Mr. Copeland said he had no power to increase the amount proposed to be given, a message having been received from the Governor covering the amounts specified. A number of verbal amendments having been agreed to, ~~~ Mr. Schet moved to insert a new clause pro riding for the settlers having more direct repre sentation on the board of control, and giving the board greater powers. Mr. Copeland said the proposals were already word for word in the regulations. Mr. Melville here intimated that the clause was out of order, as it was not relevant to the bilL The bill was then reported to the House with amendments, and the third reading was fixed for next day. ADJOURNMENT. The House adjourned at 1.15 a.m. 