THE OLDEST DRESSMAKER'S BILL IN THE WORLD. I ' Egypt (writes Mr St. Chad Boscowan in I the Queen) has been called ' the land of I -surprises.' Tear after year the explorers :in the Nile land bring to light some new raad «tartling examples of art, revealing to tji s the astonishing character of the early . .civilisation of the Egyptians. Egypt has mow a rival in the sister civilisation of ?an/riant Ctaldea. Although in art Chaldea 3s far behind the land of the Nile, especi ally in the art of painting, the restoration of the early civilisation, and the perfect picture we can form of the life and manners ia-nd customs of the people, is almost as ?complete as that which we can ' jrestore of Egypt in the Pyramid ttjce- The startling- feature of the discoveries resulting from the deci pherment of the cuneiform inscriptions has ibeea the numerous details of popular life -which are accessible to us. The little clay tablets not only contain the records of 3dnge -md princes, 1 nt even of the poorest j -of tb.t neopte, slav*, ,-,-id beggars. In so igresfc a, literary iand as Chaldea every transaction, no matter how small, was recorded in writing, and thus we have many ?details of transactions which would ?ther- I wise fcftYe been forever Ipst. , . Among the documents that have been discovered iB a tablet which may be well called ' the oldest dressmaker's bill in the world.' It was the custom of the Baby lonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of the priests and priestesses. This was usually done every year, and we have many of these listB in the British Museum. The oldest hitherto known has been that of a king about 1450 B.C. There are several of a later period, but the document before us is far older than any yet found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discovered in the ruins of the temple in the city of INipurin Southern Chaldea. This temple was dedicated to the ghost god, and had a very large priesthood attached to it. From the style of the writing, which is extremely archaic, and from the curious system of numerals em ployed, the tablet cannot be of later date than 2800 bo, It; contains a list of ninety two vestments which were presented to the temple by the king. The name of the king is uului tuuaut;ily uuu giveu. xiie uiiu ue the tablet reads: 'In all ninety- two pure vestments, tho bill [list] of the tem ple for the priests thia year.' Many of the words are unknown to ua, as they are, no doubt, many of them technical terms em ployed by the modistes of the period. Some of the Jines, however, are of- particular interest — those that can be satisfactorily deciphered. Among the items are ' Twelve white robes o? ..the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten- collars of the house of Mb lady, ten pure gold collars, two wide robes.' One item of espeoial in terest occurs near the end. 'Four scented robes.' This reminds U3 of the passage in Psalm xiv,, speaking of the robes rodolent of ' myrrh and aloes and cattia.' It was, no doubt, the custom in Babylonia.: to perfnme the robes, as it is. to this day in Persia and India. Another, item is slso illustrative o? Eastern life— ' Two Winders/ probably scarves used for binding round the w,.ist. This document has likewise an additional value in showing: us the great development which had taken place in the textile arts in Chaldea, even; at this early per;od. The decorations on the statues of Judah, b.c. 2800, the em broidered fringes, show that the skill of the weaver and the embroiderer were far advanced ; and it is a curiou3 feature to notice that nearly all the attempts at decorative work in early Chaldea are in patterns which are derived from textile designs. 