BAPTIST UNION. ANNUAL SESSION. The annual session of the Baptist Union of Victoria was continued yesterday, the Rev T J Ma;yon in the chair LAY PREACHERS The Rev W Coller (New South 'Wales delegate) read a paper on "The Training of Local I rainm" of Preachers essential to Church Extension" He contended that considering how few country congregations were able to maintain a pastor, a system of unpaid preaching was indispensable and to make it successful a line of action in advance ot the existing one must be adopted. There was no want of material, but there must be more training, and he advocated a plan according to which experience in the Sunday ij school and the church would be the first preparation the second to be study carried on by the best available means. Principal Whitley (Baptist College) followed in the same strain pointing out that ungrammatical speaking was often a sad hindrance in usefulness. He referred to the training of lay readers in the Church of England and the action of the Baptist Churches in England and America as an example to be followed. The Rev. A Bird urged that the studies in question should be thorough and several delegates spoke to similar effect. Mr C Carter contended that local preachers need not be educated so long as they were filled with the Holy Ghost and other kindred arguments were offered. Replying to the vote of thanks unanimously accorded him the Rev W Coller warned his hearers not to make the case one of education versus the Holy Ghost for it was certain that the Lord did not desire ignorance in his preachers. ANNUAL REPORTS The afternoon sitting (the Rev F J Wilkin, president in the chair) was mainly occupied in dealing with the annual reports of the general treasurer and the different committees of the union The report of the general treasurer was brought up by Mr R Stone (treasurer) who moved its adoption The leading items of receipts were -Ordinary collections 29 Town hall entertainment £21; contributions by churches 18; sale of Oakleigh property, l46 self denial week £61. total receipts 372 showing a balance of 9 16s 9d under expenditure In seconding the motion Mr C W Waldrond secretary dwelt on the balance being on the wrong side. The rule was lor each church to make a pro rata contribution but fully half the churches in the union had given nothing. The sixth annual report of the trustees of the Victorian Baptist Fund showed that after nn it 1 und allow ed that after meeting every call the capital now stood at £64, 659. There was to the credit of the General Purposes Fund, 12,541; Loan and Building Fund 10,477; Aged Ministers Fund und 6,128; College Fund 25,511; and Sustentation Fund 10, ODO. The average rate of interest was now lower but better security of investment was aimed at. The report of the Home Mission Society set forth that during, the year there had been considerable progress and improvement, work having been maintained at all stations There had been valuable extension in respect espect to Sunday schools, the Christian Endeavour effort, and the record of baptisms On the other hand the existing depression had so limited subscriptions as to preclude the appointment of additional agents. The report of the Foreign Mission Society described the receipts as General Fund £1,068; Centennial Fund, 586 All but 73 of the former had been absorbed d un 1 ¿_M VII but ¿7J while of the latter 14 remained in hand with 415 invested in debenture stock From Ballarat 85 had been received for the support of a Zenana missionary. The whole of the reports were adopted together with those relating to Sunday schools and Christian Endeavour. UNITED SUNDAY. SCHOOL FESTIVAL In the evening the united Sunday schools of the union joined in a grand choral festival chord festival There were nearly 1,000 voices. The chair 1 lie dmr was taken by Mr W G Stephen; the organist was Mr H S Martin, B.A. LL.B., and the choral service was conducted by Mr G A Broadbent. There were also limelight illustrations of Egypt with description by the Rev. S Chapman. 