THE NOVELIST, :.-:i Wifisl Honor. '?'* fey the author of 'JS^WkFoes,' . ? ' - 'Revolving.' \- ' CHAPTER XXXII. THE DESOLATE HEAB'JM. 'Henderson drove himself and the' carriage off to the stables. He could do no, good by keeping the horses out in the frcsty, chilly wind. , ? , ' Get all to bed, William,' he said. '! You and George are enough to sit up' in 'case uny 'news comes.' ' V-For the whole troop of alarmed ser ? vants had crowded up into i the, hall round William and George, all asking questions. ' I looked for ' news here,' said .?William. ' I know nothing. George, one of us two must go to TQng's-cross, ' and try to learn something of the ac cident. Ah, what's that dashed up ?' ? '; A vehicle of some sort, and followed immediately by a well-known double ?knock. George, who was nearest, flung . open the door. ' ( , Quietly, in amongst them all, walked Sir Philip Vivian himself . And if it had been his ghost, it could not have caused greater consternation. 'vWhat in the world is the matter, that I find you all here, looking as if — — ' he began, in displeased astonish me'ntj but paused as his eye rested on 'William's white face of blank ? horror. 'Ha! what doe sit all mean? 'William, where is my wile ?' '.' The accident, sir, Are you hurt1? Isn't my lady with you ?' ' Hurt ! With me ! N o ! In heaven's same, William, what have you done. ?with her?' William answered, more calmly — ' We couldn't get the carriage up for a long time, sir, and then when I called , . for Lady Vivian, the policeman said someone had come for her because of. some accident somewhere, and she had gone off in a cab with the gentleman ?with her— that is, Mr. Fred.' George took up the word before Sir Philip could speak, with the respectful f ainiliarifcy of an old servant. 'Look here, sir. Shortly before eleven one of those commissionares drove *up with a telegram for my lady. Of course, he didn't know what was in it, 'but he said the man who sent him bade Turn speed, for there had been an accid ent near Oakley, and you were danger 1 ously injured. Antoinette just fetched iinv lady's hat and shawl, described her and Mr. Fred, and the man went off to ? the hall. I wasn't in at the time, or I should have gone with him.' '? Is that all anyone knows ?' ' Yes, sir,' said the hall porter, ' ex , ceptthatl saw Milldaleon the enve .' lope.' ? \- ?' Very well' Sir Philip turned to ,the crowd of frightened servants, cool, . calm, .acting so well that he deceived . all but George and William, who suffer ' ' ed the more keenly because hismistress t /was under his especial care. 'Very .well. It is quite plain that there has been some stupid mistake of therailway . people, which, of course, your mistress \- . and Mr. Fred will Jind out when they ; ' - reach King.'s-cross, because there has . ' been no accident ; and they Avill soon be home. I'am only so vexed because she 'must' have tbeen so alariried. I will sit ' ,'trp | for them myself, so goto bed, all . of, you, and -j 'hope you Avill sleep well .Mter-you-honr of fright. Good nigbt.' . ''!' No one; ever - dreamed of disputing 1 '? '? 'their -master'a commands, and his \- .manner '^reassured them. Even the _? , ? faithful George, whatever he might '? think or fear, dared not hesitate, and ? '' it'jfpllowed the rest. But William caught « ©neneGting glance, .and lingering on 'some alight pretence, followed Sir/ , 'Philip into the library, . %- '.'. William, have you .and George tbld , rue all, or is. there more you would not Bay before others 'f ? ' ' Calmly lie spoke. Not even William ?.could gueBs the sickening, deadly fear 1 that had struck like a dagger to his in most sonl. 11 You know all there is to know, sir.' ' Bid anyone who knew her see anyh thing of this ?' J 'Lots must, sir, because all the grand people were coming out. I saw numbers myeelf. Oh, if they only may find out at King's-cross in time^and re turn to-night.' ' King's-cross ! I dare ?' not hope they have driven there.' ' Good heavens, Sir Philip, what do you think, then?' exclaimed the groom, with a new terror. '^lyladyis safe Wifli oar Mt. Fred.' \- ' Yes, William, aslong aB he is with her. Take all this.' He filled the maak broad hand with gold. 'Drive to IGng's-cross, make your way to the night staff place— their new telegraph is working still— bribe the clerk, pay him anything to telegraph down the . _ line to ask if anyone like.tfhem has been Been at Milldale or Oakley, or if they have been seen at the- Cross.' William was out oi?the house in one moment, and the master of thatsplendid mansion was left alone in that most awful mental torture, enforced inactiv ity, to wait and watch, alone on his des olate, deserted hearth. Then the stern, proud man gave way and covered his Laggard face. ?' Oh, heaven, this blow is too much.' Not because one shadow of a doubt of her had crossed him. If the news of 1 her loss had sent a shock right through him that had startlted him fora moment into the appearance of the thought that she had fled, it was because of the bare fact, because the mind at once, .like an electric shock, saw the diabolical scheme, and that it must succeed only too fatally —saw it all with maddening certainty and powerlessness to save. .'William came back in less than an hour. No one had seen such people The ticket clerk'had left after the last train left, and no telegrams could be sent before six or seven o'clock, as the little, country stations were shut up now. . ? . \ His master sent the faithful mes apnger to bed till six, and turned back into the library. ? .': 'No rest for him, brain, or body, or' heart. All were on n're with the very passion of agony. Looking back lon-r afterwards on that awful night, iiyseem* edlike a hideous dream, instead of minutes and hours through vabibh he 'had lived— minutes that were years and hours,' each of which was a life time. - ! To and fro, to and fro the long room, that ceaseless step passed— only one ? face, one thought, one name written in the very gloom around him, growing at last into a sorrowful retrospect of her, and the dim shadows that crowded upon the morbid, aching brain took sad, re . fretful shape. How cold and stern he had been! RTiat wonder if her heart had*; turned ipwards the ; bright, lpviq&&JM;^tee. of her childhood's compajj^SSCp^ «5by-. ?over ? Yet how strangely evofcjC loofc end word of hers had dwelt ?tsN^ memory, and now came back one after. , ihe other.. ^fTo be .ecn&iued.;'l \--'—-£ , j U/76J 