ST. DAVID'S CATHEDRAL. CONSECRATION OF THE NIXON CHAPEL. A BRILLIANT CATHERING. (BY TELEGRAF) HOBART, TawRSDAY. The Established Church of Tasmania notched another step in its temporal ad vancement to-day by consecrating the new chancel and chapel of St. David's Cathe dral, and dedicating it to the memory of Dr. Nixon, the first Bishop of the diocese of Tasmania. To-day's ceremonies were not an every-day occuerence with the Anglican Church. They were something more-something that will stand the test of generations, and be looked to with plea sure and an euviable amount of pride by all who were privileged to take part in the proceedings. The unfinishel work of St. David's Cathedral has advanced a material stage, and when absolutely finished the sacred edifice will be a central place of worship worthy of the colony and the capital. Archba )logical student have not got far to go to find the antiquities of St. David's, which passesses much of that impressive grandeur and awe-inspiring influence expected of every cathedral. The site on which the Cathedral;now stands has hallowed recollec tions for many who have often worshipped within its walls, and whose families are still alive to bear testimony to the fact. For over half a century the humble look ing parish church of St. David's, with its square Gothic shaped tower and its pepper box top, was up to the year 1873 one of the landmarks of the city. A search of records shows that in the month of February,1817, the then Lieutenant.Governor, Colonel Davey, laid the foundation stone of the old building, and the Rev. Robert Knopwood, the first chaplain appointed to take charge of the diocese of Tasmania, read from the third chapter of the first epistle to the Corinthians, "For other foundations can no man lay, than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." It was first opened for Divine service in the year 1819, the interior being finished in 1820. Two years later the Rev. Knopwood was re moved to Clarence Plains, and the Rev. William Bedford was appointed chaplain about the time the Rev. John Youl be came chaplain at Launceston. The build ing was described by a very high authority in those days as being respectable in appearance, which it undoubtedly was, but the workmanship, especially the building of the walls, was defective, a fact which ultimately brought about its demolition. Some doubt has been expressed regard ing the naming of the sacred edifice, but this is set at rest by the following copy of a Government general order published in the Gazette of those days :-" 1820, Sep. tember. Government House. The Lieu. tenant-Governor directs that the new church of Hobart Town shall be called St. David's Church, out of respect to the memory of jolonel David Collins, of the Royal Marines, under whose direction the settlement was founded in the year 1804, and who died Lieutenant-Governor in the year 1810." On Sunday, February 9, 1823, the church was consecrated by the Rev. Samuel Marsden, principal chaplain of the territory of New South Wales. Mr Mareden, singular to say, was head of the church of the two colonies. It is a remarkable coincidence that the old church was built to hold exactly the same number as its more imposing successor, which may be attributed tothe fact that it had galleries round it similar to what is stated to be the next oldest church in the colony, St. John's of Launceston. The foundation stone of the present Cathedral was laid by H.R.H. the Duke of Edin burgh January 8, 1868, when he visited Hobart during his tour of the Australasian colonies. The building of the nave aisles, and transepts was at once proceeded with, and having been completed within six years were consecrated and opened for Divine service on February 5, 1874. The chancel, aide chapel, chancel aisle, and vestries, which are just completed and were to-day consecrated and dedicated to the late Rev. Nixon, have put a finish ing touch to the Cathedral of which the colony, and the Anglican Church in par ticular, might well be proud. The works in connection with the new chancel were com menced early in December, 1890, the con tract then being only for the foundations and crypt, and after a large amount of underground work the foundation stone was laid on February 3, 1891, by .ir Robert Hamilton in the presence of several colonial bishops, who having attended the consecration of St. Paul's Cathedral, Mel bourne, visited Hobart for the purpose of taking part in the ceremony. This contract was only for the foundation work, and a month later negotiationo were entered into for the handsome superstructure which was to-day consecrated. The Cathedral is designed on the cruciform plan, and in the future it is proposed to erect a massive tower, rising to a height of some 125ft, abutting on Macquarie-street, the commu nication being by means of a cloister The style of architecture chosen by the designer, Mr G. F. B3odley, of London ecclesiastical repute, belongs to the decorated period of English Gothic. Some of the windows, es pecially those of the east end and at the sides of the sanctuary, possess con. eiderable richness of tracery. The masonry is all of local stone, the prevailing colour of which is brown, relieved by white in the windows, door. ways, and ornamental portions with pleas ing effect. The internal facing of the new chancel and aisles is polished ashlar, but the walls of the nave and transepts have been left rough for future treatment. The nave, which has a high clerestory, is 941t in length by a width together with the aisles of 61ft; the transepts extend 6ft beyond the aisle walls to north and south respoc tively. This portion of the church affords sitting accommodation for 950 persons. The choir and sanctuary have a total length of 55ft by a wioth of 25tt, and the Nixon chapel and north chancel aisle of 8S3ft by 18ft respectively. The roof of the older portion of the Cathedral and of the new chancel aisles is op: n timbered, with moulded principals and purlins, and boarded on the top of the rafters; but the roof of the h?ance! and sanctuary are wagon-headed in form, and its bold moulded ribs spring fr:,m shatts carried up from the floor upon piers of the arcading, a deep moulded cornice with carved pattras and brattishing runs along the top of the walls and the portion of the roof over the sanctuary is panelled out with smaller moulded ribs, the intersections of which are evered with richly carved bosses. The timbers and boarding for the roofs, and also for the joiner's work of doors, etc., are'of native blue gum or stringy bark, and as the surfaces are simply finished with oil the general appearance at a short distance is hardly distinguishable from English oak. The floor paving in the centre portion of both choir and chapel is of white Sicilian and black marble, laid in various forms with borderings, and the steps at the approaches to both and to the sanctuary are also of marble. The internal fittings have yet to be secured, as whilst plans have bern prepared for them, the funds are not yet available. The carved fronts of the choir seats are, however, pro. vided as a memorial to the late popular Canon Bailey, instead of the pulpit which was contemplated, but the erection of which it has been considered better to defer until the acoustics of the completed building have determined the exact position it should occupy. The con tractors for the works, Messrs Cooper Bros. and Messrs Stabb Bros., are to be compli mented upon the faithfulness of their contract, which has been most creditably carried out under the direction of the superintending architect, Mr Geo. Fagg, M.S.A., of Hobart. The total cost of St. David's Cathedral as it now stands is somewhere about £.18,000, which in cludes £8000 for the Nixon Chapel. The church will held comfortably 1400 or 1500 persons, which is only a little above the ordinary attendance at the Cathedral at present. The arrangements in connection with the opening ceremony were a complete success. There was a brilliant gathering of the highest and most influential church magnates in Australasia, from the Primate down to the humble curate. Long before 10 o'clock this morning the Cathedral was filled to excess by persons wishing to participate by their presence at the pro ceedings, and a large crowd of persons had to be content to remain without the sacred edifice, as by half.past ten there was not standing room in the church. At this hour the choir outside could be heard chant ing the plocessional hymn, " The churches' one foundation," and the procession moving along the church was entered from the north side, the cross-bearer leading, as follows : - Cross-bearer, choir Marshal-Rev. G. S. Bowyear. Workmen of the cathedral, the contrac tors, the architect, Cathedral building committee, members of Lay Helpers Asso ciation, churchwardens of other parishes, St. David's Parish Council, Synodsmen, the Cathedral Board, Diocesan Council. Marshals-Messrs Bernard Shaw and F. Belstead. Clergy of other dioceses in the following order :-Rockhampton, Riverina, North Queensland, Ballarat, Bathurst, Grafton, Dunedin, Goulburn, Melanesia, Brisbane, Nelson, Waiapu, Wellington, Perth, Christchurch, Newcastle, Adelaide, Mel bourne, Sydney. Marshal-Rev. A. R. Bartlett. Clergy of the diocese. Marshals-Revs. G. W. Shoobridge and R. C. N. Kelly. Canons of other dioceses, archdeacons of other dioceses, deans of other dioceses, the registrar of the diocese, verger of the Cathedral, the canons, the dean. Marshal -Canon Finnis. The bishops (in order of seniority of consecration) - Bishop of Goulburn, Bishop of Riverina, Bishop of Newcastle, Bishop of Ballarat, Bishop of North Queensland, Bishop of Nelson, Bishop of Melbourne, Bishop of Adelaide, Bishop of Dunedin. (Each bishop was accompanied by his chaplain.) Church advocate, chancel lor of the diocese, the preacher (Bishop of Rockhampton), the pastoral staff borne by the Rev. J. Oberlin- Harris, the Bishop of the diocese, the Primate's pastoral staff berne by Canon Sharp (Sydney), the Most Rev. the Primate. Marshal-Rev. J. O. Harris. As the cross-bearer appeared inside the building the strains of the organ began the Psalm No. 132. The procession then moved westward and up the central aisle to the chancel, where the members of the choir were arranged in their various places, seats having been reserved for the laity at the top of the nave, the clergy passing through the chancel to their places into the side chapel, the dignitaries to the chancel, and the bishops to the sanctuary, and the bishops' chaplains to seats immediately outside the sanctuary. The scene when all were seated was an intensely solemn and beautiful one. The clergy all wore cassocks, surplices, college caps, and hoods of their degree; about 100 choristers appearing in black surplices,with white coverings. At the close of the processional psalm the secretary of the Cathedral building committee presented the petition for consecration to the Bishop, as follows:-- My Lord,- In the name of the Cathedral erection board, and in the name of the Diocese, I desire that you will be pleased to conse crate this chancel and side chapel to the uses set forth in this petition;" this being read by the registrar, Mr R. S. Hales. The Bishop (Dr. Montgomery) made answer as follows:-" I am ready to do as you desire, and I pray God to bless and prosper this your work." After this all knelt downin silance for a space, when there was sung the hymn "Veni Creator Spiritus," commencing "Come Holy Ghost." Immediately on the conclusion of the hymns, the whole congregation rose from their knees, and Bishop Montgomery,going to the holy table, accompanied by Dean Dundas, turned himself to the psople assembled and read the consecration service, being assisted by the Primate, Dean Dundas, and the Bishop of Newcastle. Each portion of the chaucel was consecrated in due form, starting with the communion table and proceeding to the places of marriages, etc. After this the dedication was pronounced as follows:-" For as much as Almighty God accepted the purpose of his servants King David and King Solomon to build his temple at Jerusalem, and nothing doubting but that he favourably alloweth this charitable work of ours in having built this chapel, which we now sat apart to his glory, we therefore, on behalf of His church and people, dedicate this chapel to bear henceforth the name of Nixon Chapel, to ih honocur and glory of t-e Holy Eternal Trinity-Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." After the Nicene creed had been sung, The Bishop of Rockhampton then as. cended the pulpit and preached an eloquent and impressive sermon, taking for his text Jeremiah vii., 12, "~ i glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of our sanctuary." He said the words of the text taken in eonnection with the passage of which they formed part read like a parenthesies-a sudden eFjaoulation of praise coming fresh and fervid from the heart of the writer. So that day's festival was a sort of parenthesis in the history of the Cathedral and diocese-a break in the common round of service and sacrament and song which for many years had hallowed those precincts, and they did well to acknowledge the goodness of God, who had enabled them to complete His sanctuary. The glorious throne of which the prophet spoke was the lpresence cham ber of God, and when in the mystery of the Incarnation God bowed the heavens and came down to reason with and redeem men He made that glorious throne accessible to all as an asylum of mercy, a home of grace,and the "place of our sanctuary." For the word sanctuary meant not only a holy place, but a place of security for those fleeing from justice, as they were still reminded by the broad sanc:uary at West minster. In both senses the word was fragrant with sacred meaning, and its two fold signification shed light upon all the teaching of the Christian year. This light was elaborated by the preacher, and applied to the holy nativity at Bethlehem and the world-redeeming tragedy of Calvary. Of both the cradle and the cross it was true that the union of God was "the place of our sanctuary." By a happy but undesigned co-incidence they were privileged to meet that day upon the 58th anniversary of the consti tution of the first Bishop of Australia as representatives of the ancient church of their fathers, and as living wit nesses to the fulfilment of ancient prophecy. They were there that day ;to take part in the consecration of the sanctuary or holy place of that Cathedral. To most of them the sanctuary and chancel now added would be specially sacred as the spot where they gathered in obedience to their Lord's command "to show forth His death" and to receive the bread of life. The preacher proceeded to refer to the ancient custom of the "bidding prayer" before the sermon, and quoted passages from an old form found in the apostolic constitution to remind them that many removed by die tance or death were with them in spirit that day. Reference was made to the two first bishops of the diocese, and to two former occupants of the see now in Eng. land, also to the ten years' devoted service of the late Dean Bromby. To all who had taken part in the construction of the sanctuary he claimed their intercession and grateful commemoration at the "Throne of God in the place of our sanctuary." The sermon concluded in.a strong plea for unity, pointing out that there was in the truth as well as in the love of God "a length and breadth and depth and height "that demanded all the varied* gifts of varied schools of thought to investigate and expound. The union of Christendom was one of the cer tainties of faith to be brought about in God's, good time by the unifying grace of the Saviour's prayer, and in fulfillment, of ancient prophecy. The united Christendom would soon mean a converted world, and then with a full wealth of meaning, such as their faith was not yet ripe or robust enough to grasp, " the glorious high throre of God" would be "the place of our sanctuary." At the conclusion of the sermon the offertory was taken up, and the respectable sum of 4129 was realised. Bishop Montgomery then placed upon the holy table bread and wine, the com munion being administered by Bishop Montgomery and the Bishop of Dunedin to the other Bishops present, the Bishop of Dunedin being the first to receive the communion, then Bishop Montgomery. The Primate of Australia, the Bishop of Mel bourne, and the Bishop of Ballarat ad ministered to the clergy and the laity, a large number presenting themselves for the sacred rite. The proceedings, which had lasted a couple of hours, then concluded. In the afternoon over 2000 persons were present in the church to see the children hand in their offerings to the Cathedral church fund. T'he children had come from all parts of the colony and attired in summer costume they presented a pretty spectacle. They were marshalled at the Synod Hall in Harrington street, and marched round to the church, the distinguishing banners reproe sentative of each school being borne by scholars selected from their ranks. The procession entered the Cathedral and took seats in the body of the building, the clergy filing in in the same order as they did at the morning service. After prayers and an aldress had been de livered by the Bishop of Adelaide, Bishop Montgomery called upon the children to present their offerings. This they did by walking in batches up to the sanctuary and placing the purses containing their offerings in the receptacle held by the Bishop. The districts repre sented were as follows : - Hobart, Bellerive, Bothwell, Brighton, Buck land, Deloraine, D'Entrecasteaux Chan nel, Devonport, Emu Bay, Forth, Leven, George Town, Green Ponds, Huon, KIingston, Longford, Latrobe, Launceston, Macquarie Plains, New Norfolk, New Town, Oatlands, Richmond, Scottsdale, Sheffield, Soroll, Waratah, and WVestbury, The following places also sent donations. but not representatives, the money being handed to the Bishop by his son:- Circular Head, Swansea, Ringarooma, St. Helen's, and Barren Island. At the conclusion the procession was reformed, and left the church while the choir sang the processional hymn "On ward Christian Soldiers." This evening Mendelssohn's "Hymn of Praise" was rendered in the Cathedral by a full choir and orchestra, when there was a crowded attendance. The amount of the children's offerings was £24~4. Great praise is due to all who had the arrangements of to-day's programme in hand, everything passing off without the slightest hitch. 