AMUSEMENTS. Another large and appreciative audience assembled in the Bijou Theatre on Tuesday evening, when the original Australian drama " The Squatter's Pardon " was again staged by the Garriok Dtamatic Club, assisted by Mr. Walter Bentley. The performance went with a swing from the riBe to the fall of the curtain, and more smoothness wa3 noticeable throughout than on the occasion of theinitial pre sentation. Miss Mary Bancroft, Miss Moifatb, Miss Woodcock, and Miss Plunkett 'all lent valuable aid in the interpretation of the drama, and Messrs. Lyons, Bentley, Eurlonge, Morgan, and Reeves were once more suc cessful in their various roles. Taken as a whole the performance was a smooth and an even one, and the dramatist, Mr. J. H. Lyons, and those who are associated with him have every reason to he satisfied with the reception accorded them by the audience. "The Squatter's Pardon" will be again pre sented tbis evening and throughout the week. The programme for the two Bentley-Webster concerts which take place on Monday, February 26, and Thursday, March 1, is pub lished, and the box-plan at Mr. Howells's is rapidly filling up. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor has granted his patronage. One of the principal items of the programme will be a duet by Miss Isabelle Webster and Mr. Nitschke, while Mr, Bentley will recite Hood's " Dream of Eugene Aram," and Mr. Duncan, a local tenor, will take part. A capital programme has been arranged for this evening's "Continental," which is the next to last of the season. Herr Heiniclce's orchestra, will again appear, and Mr. Milford Haven, a Melbourne tenor, . will siDg for the first time in Adelaide. Miss Hilda Harman, a local soprano, will also make her appearance, and the performance should be a thoroughly enjoyable one. The excellence and seasonable nature of these entertainments have led to numerous requests for a conbinuance of the season, and should Mr. Basse decide to give another series he may be assured of meet ing with the approbation and support of the publio. The Cyclqrama of the Battle of Waterloo still continues to attract large attendances daily,, and the additional attractions of Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain give pleasure to all visitors. Another phase of the question of universal suffrage came under sbe notice of the Com missioner of Public Works during a trip to the Point Pierce mission station on Monday. A petition was presented by the natives to Mr. Holder protesting against a proposal recently mooted to utilise the land at the station for a village settlement, and at the conclusion of the document appeared this appeal:—"How is it that we are not allowed' to voteAs law abiding and peaceful subjects of the British orown we don't see any reasons why we should not be allowed to voto. As we are made sub ject to the laws of South Australia we deem it only fair and just that we should be allowed to have a voioe in the framing of those laws." 