PROVwIIIG'HIS THEORIES By I'ousMIA. Wanted-Valet; must have good refer onoee. Apply A. D. Goodman, King's Boad, Chelsea. Bach wsa the advertitment which ap. neared in several of the London dailies. At 10 o'clock the same morning, a short, thick-set man, with an extremely red nose howing that he had been a high iiv.r in :he servante' hall, knocked at the door of the house on King's Ro d. A neatly ,ttired servant girl, with a muslin cap pe rched on her pretty featuree, appeared ýn the threshold. "eIs Mr Godman in ?" asked the caller. "He is," responded the girl, with several ,critical glances at the man who ,toed beltos her. ' I should like to see him on boeineae.' "Step il,." The visitor was ushered into a bright front recm. " What name shall I say ?" " Mr Smiler." The girl disappeared. Then the man began to examine the apartment in a ,eisurely manner. Beveral handsome painting end quito a collection of rare orio-'a-brac bore ample testimony to the artistic propensities of thedmaster of the coone. "oiome swell, evideitly," inouiiuaro the man with tao red face. -The girl reappeared. " Mabter wants to know what's your business." "I called in reference to- an advertise ment nor a valet." " Otl " S s tosoed her head and again vaiisned. Abouat flee minutes elapsea and then the gll'uentrea the room. " Y nw can wait hre," aibsaid. " lMaaer isn'itup yet." Foi fcry ominutee the visitor ?e?a lift to his re ficaione. "Must bo some blooming sport," he commented. Tuen the door openea an,. o tall, pale gentleman entered mue room in a languid fashion, picked up the morning paper and osrelteoly scanned the contents, ase tongh o livioud to the presence fs the visitor. He read the telegrapkie news ane then the local Toe servant brought in a tray upon which reposed bresakas', bacon, aegg, a cap of coffee and rollt. Tne gtutlrman put up his nose and sc.d "Jane, tace away those dieked. Leave ,he coffee.' The servant silently obeyed. " He appetite isn't geood to-day," com mented the calier. Teo gentler.m an sipped the coffee with apparent relish, retd again the cable ariale from Parle and finally lighted a tiger. All this time the visitor remained stlanding respectfully. as laet he ventured 'to cough, and toe gentleman, turniog to him, remarked- "Aw--eun called about the advertie.. moent?" "Yete, sir." "Wheire are your referioebh ." " "*lHie, sir,', and hi took from his pocket a bulky package. ,'' Well, I aon'a care to see them.." ..'I soeved iast too dlke of-" " What the devil do I care whom-you served? Wallyou acceb t a guineas week and expenses P' "Yoe, sir." "Very well; we leave to-night-for Paris. fee that everythiog is ready." With that the gentleman took op his hat and cane'a'rd etrolled out of thle h?une in a leiasurely, half.bbred way. "He is a rum un," commented the visitor. Two days later the gentlema'i and his servents were 'quartered in Paris. The former has rested a magnificently fur nished house in a fashionable part of the city. Try aehe would,Smiler could learn lit.le of his new master. He came and went. 'He neusually arrived home about 2 in the morning and sometimes Smil;r had to put him to bed. He got op anywhero between 10 o'clock and noon. Some;imes he breskfssted heartily; st other times he eerely sapped his coffee. Smilhr was commissioned to buy tickets for every fehioniable event, from the opern to the races, and he always came and departed in a private carriage, quite an elegant equipage About this time the Parisian newspapers were agitating the matter of the remarkable tests in spiritua'ism given before the eminent gentlemen by a peas. ant woman in Milan. The pseycholrgic . society was in session in the French capi tal and the comments on the feats per. formed in Italy were made more interest leg by the presence Of a rerowned Englieh mind reader. This gentleman showed great aptitude in ferreting out criminals, and his accoracy in this respect made him feared by the wrong doers. Mr fmiler read of these wonders, but being of a sceptical disposition pooh-hoohed them. One morning when the gentleman was sipping ibis coffee, into which he had phlced a few drops of cognac, he looked ep from his paper and said to Smiler SMarkham, the mind reader, has run down another criminal, Smiler. What do yonu think of that F" "If might venture an opinion, sir, I should say that it was all bosh." "All bosh, eh? May I ask why P" '-" Well, sir, it stands to reason, sir, that no man can read what is going on in an other man's mind. It is against nature, and wtlat's against nature oln't be done, sir. My idea is, sir, that this man, this fraud, I will call him, sir, is mn collusion wvith these fellows and pays 'em. That's ani.improeeion, sir. Easiest thing to hum bag these French savants, sir. A criminal, sir,can't be detected except by detec. tires, and they make an awfol botch of it, sir." "S o you don't believe in it ?" The gentleman was now drinking his second cup of coffee. "That I don't, sir." " Well, now, suppose that I give yon a little practi:al demonstration.' Smilar started. "Yon, air ?" "Yese, I've studied a little in that line as an amateur. Suppoae, for eximple 1I were to read yonr mund, Smiler ?" iYou couldn's do it, sir." 'I should say you were a faithful. honest fellow, who always served his macster's interests. Smiler gave a deprecating gestore. "It wouldn't take no mind reader to tell that, sir." "Bot wouldn't it take a mind reader to tell, Smiler, what you've got in you, pockethook ?' Smiler turned pale. " As an amateur, Smiler, mind I don', pretend to be scearate; I should say that if anyone should look in that pocketbook he would find my roby scarf-pin and my cipersid and diamond ring." Smiler nearly went into a fit "Of course I have so many rings and pine that unless I was a mind-reader I would never have wissed these. And,let me see, Smiter, in your trouok you havw three paire of my trousneers. Those weoal not be easily m-ssed, either. Also aboo fifty neckties and collars and cauff in. numerable." By this time Bmiler was as pale as a ghost. "If I were to-read your mind a littl, further as an amatenur I would tell you that on the 20th day of September yeou ,ent to a pawnshop on the BRoe di Bivr 1 and there disposed of two seal iga an a watch, for which you received 500 frances. They cheated yen, Smiler. To. abhould have got double that mbount. From there you went to a bank, like th ehritty, honest, frugal fellow that you are and opened up an account. Oo the 23r of September with commendable indotr. you added to your little horde by dispos ing cf my gold'mounted stick, the on presented me by the Baron Rothrohil . Yon carefully obliterated the naohes, I commend your caution. Four days after. ward you sold, or rather pawned, sandry aiticlee ina four difetent plae. which 1 |9n' tap Gb E Gint o e10naepto, In alt oo basvl,?)0 ftraie in the bank and 20 ralts in"your pooketbook, together with rther articlee of irine whbih you were -bout to get ri.l of this morning. Yon .avre been quite thrifty, and inside of a sonth it wee your intention to draw onu eour money sad emigrate to Ameriea, vhere you are deifiusn of settidg up in `irade. This has been your dramn,Smiler, be lifeof a proeperone and honest tradee ian. Am I right, Sailer? If I have icade any mistake attrbote it to the fact :h-t I am but an amateur." But Smiler wee speechleses. " To continue, or rather to go back into the past, I reiad that you robbed all your msastora before me, only they were not 'nind readers in an amateur way and at. ributed the lose of different things to eatural shrinkage. When you first en .ered my apartments in King's Road your A.houghts were regarding my worldly poe sessions. You saw much that made you surn I was a man of means. After I en tsred the room I was oeemiugly bus) reading the newspaper. Really, Sailer, I was reading you. I did not want to see your references. They were eupeifltone. Toe man himself stood before me. There was the reference. I determined to make a little study of you. You inteltated me ot once, for I recognisea m you a thief of many years' traintig, a thief who had pil fered for all his life and never been ae. tooted. Here, I thought, is a subject worthy of my attention, here is a cavo which will edify and amuse me. So I took you to my beausm, Smiler, and employed you on the spot. As you stool there waiting for me to addreea you the t:onghte that flshed through your mind were: 'I can easily get away with one of, those Drsaden.-wro vases. He has se many of 1hem that he will never mite it. Then he iaust be a careless sort of a swell, one of those spendthrdte. He will come home inebriated every night. If a pin, a rng, a watch or some other article diesppears he will think he lost it somewhere the night before. Here's a swell that pays no ltention to his porsonai effects. All he thinks of is having a jslly good time.' Am I right, Smiler ? ' But Smikr never relapsed from his col lapsed condition. " You began to pilfer when you pur chased the ticketa to France. Yun made tenen illinge on the ticktte. Yun put raide for youreelt live ahiilinge from the ,archares from the trunkmaker. Da not deny it, for it is written indelibly on your mint. I took to you light away. Here re a precious raesl,' 1 thought. 'Here's a servant worth having.' Youwill remem ber that I commended you for your faith. fulneso. And now, Stailer, tdoyou beliece in mmnd.treaiag ? By the way, where a.e thoae pawn tictets, ndi kindly hand me your bank book." Smiler obeyel without sword. "'And now it wouldn't take a mini reader to tell what is going to happen." The languid gentleman went to the door and uishered in to officres. Smtoiler fell uponi?id knees. ' Meroy; meroy,"hosaid. i You orroborate all' have said," re marked the gentleman, vith mild ihterest. SY tii yos, 1 a0 iese Don't put me in gaol" I am sorry, Smiler, but Ihave finihed with my subject. I will now turn him over to the law. Oticebi,'do your duty." ' Very well, Mr Mairkham," replied one of the efficere. '' Markham ?" groaned Smiler. "The sams," replied the languid gentle. man. "The great English mind-reader?" '"Iam he. 1 advertised not fora vale, but for a' ui.jeCt. I1 winted to prove some of my theorice to the Fociety if eavauts here. Y?u have proved a very good subject. I sitil write out the reseuis of my investigetione to-night, and then it you care to have the law deal leniently with you; youowlll sign it. I will then road the paper before the society. My enemies will have to concede that my work is incompurable, By the way, Sailhr, have I oonvet ted you to . bilief in mind-reading P" "Yoo have?, sir,' groaned Smiler. "And now; officers, take him aw-.y, as 1 have a little work to do." Wi that the languid gentleman lnined and emtered his a.udy. Sua,er eliaightenod himself up dismally. '" Well, I'm b.owou," he slid. 