CHEATING THE GODS. A correspondent of the North China Herald, writing from the interior of Kiangsu province, mentions that one of the industries there is the manufac- street stock money for offering; to the dead. Formerly the Chinese burnt sham paper money, but in these days ofcnlightenuientandforeignintereourse the natives of Soongkong, Hangchow, and other places, have come to the conclusion that dollars are more handy to the ghosts than clumsy- paper money ; hence they now, to a great extent, supply their ancestors and departed friends with mock dollars. These are only half the size of real dollars, but there appears to be no more harm in cheating the dead than there is in cheating the living. Besides, the deceased are not supposed to know the difference, for many of them departed this life before silver dollars were imported into China. A hundred mock Carolus dollars, done up in boxes, are sold for 34 cash. The operation of making this money is interesting. First of all there are blocks of tin which are melted down and then poured between boards lined with Chinese paper, and when the upper board is pressed down on the lower a thickness of the remains. This is next cut up into strips 2in. long, one wide, and an eighth of an inch thick. Some ten of the strips are placed evenly' together, one on top of the other, and one end is held between the ringers, when the workman proceeds to hammer them out till he has beaten them so fine that they are now 3ft. long and a foot broad, and so thin that they are not thicker than the thinnest paper. This is next pasted on common card- board, which is then cut with a punch- ing machine to the size of half dollars, and this having been done, a boy takes the cut-out pieces in hand and with two dies, one representing the onesided the other the reverse, hammers impressions of dollars on them, and the money is ready for use. Another very curious instance of the practice of cheating the gods is recorded in the same journal, but from quite a different part of the country'. It appears that districts of the Anhui province have lately been ravaged by an epidemic, so that in many places the people were unable to attend to the harvesting of the crops. An attempt was then made to deceive the gods by " playing at " New Year's Day and pretending that September 3 was the first day of the new year. Every preparation for celebrating the bogus new year was made, such as burning fire cracker.-, and pasting happy sentences in red paper on the doors. The object was to make the god of sickness think that he had made a mistake in the seasons and had erred in bringing an epidemic on the people at a time when no epidemics in the course of nature should appear. As any action contrary to nature done by the gods is liable to punishment by the King of Heaven, the actors in this fat ce thought that the god of sickness would gather his evil spirits back to him for fear of the displeasure of his superior divinity. _ This child's play received the permission and co-opera- tion of the local authorities, but so far no visible effects for the better are apparent. ? "EsATue'a PowDaa% reasons even, brutal. Maw, warms, ead II star Ian m, was seen, IniaaaBB»» ss Marana always., Ja>aanaaraB«BaaBBai IJ^tot^a^g»^ 