NOW FIRST PUBLISHED IN AUS TRALIA. CHAFTER XLVI. (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY THE AOUTHOR.) MURDERED AT MID-DAY. OR A GIRL WITH THREE LOVERS. A TALE OF COUNTY GALWAY By SKIPP BORLASE. Great was the excitement throughout Galway when the result of the proofed ings at the Police court became known; the general opinion still being that Norah Dillon was innocent, and that it was Sir John Berkeley had; shot Kathleen 0‘Connor whilst intending to kill his suc cessful rival,- Patrick Desmond. On the. -other Tiaodth ere were many people who declared that the man outside the Church wipdowr had committed the deed, and that such individual was.an es caped lunatic affected- with a homicidal memo. ... In support of their theory that he was thereat criminal they trotted out the fact of the pistol (double, barrelled and evi dently recently disoliargpd), which had b;en found thrust hard and fast into the drain trap immediately under the church window, that he .had peered in at, and which pistol, who but ho, they argued, would have endeavoured so to dispose of. This was theyiew that Sergeant Murphy took of .tho case, mid Sergeant Murphy was deemed to bo tho authority on such matters. . . _ Still there was no.rumour about that a lunatic had, made on. escape from'liny asylum or workhouse in those pirts, ns surely there would h tyo. been had such been the cose, and though Sir John Berkeley (for his own safety’s sake once again confined in the County Gaol), was advised by his aolicitor.Mr. Rodman, to. offer, a subjiantiat reward for tlio dis covery of ‘‘-the man at the .window,” .as he had got to be generally called,, he ret-- fused to do anything of the kind, and even winced when the subject was' nn-h'ioned, aa though it pained him to hear ic dis> cussed. . • ; . .. .This puzzled his solicitor greatly, but he was .more puzzled still when a day or two later a report, at first faint, but growing stronger hour by hour, reached him that a wild looking man,-hatless and with a limp in hia.walk or rue, whichever it might be, seen by various people and at diverse times in different parts of Ibe. vast Garuragh estate*, but generally amongst the woodlands, which. covered a r, of square miles, and were ih mapy place*.,almost irapeno-. treble. , He felt in duty bound “ to tell his’ client of this and also to point but to him the strong advisability of discovering who this mysterious individual was; Sir John repliedshudderingly, “Ho, no, lot him bo, let him be,” and in.a way that admitted of no farther pressing or ev en discussion of the matter. But Mr. Redman felt, that, his client beiog-so “ obtuse,”it had become his duty in the- endeavour tb save,Ms life, to act endepw»dent > wishes, and so he privately and secretly offered a- reward’for the discovery and apprehension of the hatless wanderer over the Goruragh .estate?, believing within himself that when caught he' would turn opt to be George Berkeley, though, if so; bis reason for acting in so strange a manner the little lawyer couldh’t even so much as make a guess at. Stimulated by the. proffered reward the Garuragh tenantry searched with might and main, .for the party wanted, -but though he was" still frequently'. seen (generally at night time), no one could catch, or, apparently get oven' near him ;• wherefore it is little wonder that the belief soon aros;?, and then grewapice, that it was George; Berkeley's ghost that haunted the Garuragh. woods “crying mutely to heavonyfor vengeance,” some added, whilst'at least nine people out of tcaexprcs?ed it as their Opinion that his unquiet spirit would only be “ Jai l ” by the hangmg of his inurderbr. . TThe reader will not-be surprised- that the most active searcher after the min without- a hat was Tim.Blake, the private detective, . ihough' considering that officer’s skill and daring fie- may ho as tonished to. learn, thit he wag ap-more rthan thb tag rag, 'and 5 bobtail uf '• V; • iijt'-.ii Perhaps needless to add that, lailare din apt drive hirndo thesame con clusions osothere.had apparently un-mix snously come to. The conviction that his victim’s ghost -was out'and about, and .'would know no s-Ost in the grave until iho murderer had ■been hanged, very uafcnrally intensified public feeling agdust Sir John Berkeley, andjitwas'before.lbngstillfartherincraaaed: tho ..arrival in town of; Bridget I O’Flaherty, th« reputed “ wise woman of- JSallyvoughan,” who .seemed never tired of repeating- generally in public-houses, whilst treated to dJu.ke Uy ;be^jsdmlr«rf } - how her dead husband had * refused Tn take -" burial money ” from ther hjand of j: his destroyer (as* she dubb'eJ' Sir Jphn Berkeley, his r lahJlord)» ;.buthad letfalK his arm and droppecTit out 'of bis band ; and then . she, would lelato the prophesy vrbiob she declared iho had been inspired to give upon . the, occasion, <tb wit that V;one was at that moment waitingto tike bis blood ; 'hat the girl ho loved/would be murdered (it God’s altar ; and that his brother would bo .suffocated In. the Tolling > Bog of Ardmohr, owing bis death to his plapniog if hot to his Very band.” ‘ • in conclusion^she would ask, triumph" aaUy, arid not a little vindictively; “ And aU that I prophesied has it not comb to pass ! It wins- bis- rival in . Kathleen O’Gounor’a iove, Patrick Des mond, who-was waitjngtQ takehi# blood,’ laud, he’d have done it .too had the Sayon consented to., seifcle matters with pistols, like a geiitIeinan, iasfco*id of exercising his right'.to'tlje chbioo of weapons by select sng riding wbip3, at-which be knew that he oouIdtt’fc getrauchhurt, But for the rest, hasn’t the-. girl ’ ho loved been mardared atjGpdV altar,,,-and. hasn’t his bfotherbeeh tho’roUibg Bog <rt -Ardmohr, bottt slain by ;tua 6w« hand, end so ha? opt'ftp;-p«dibtidn £ • was prompted her £.veir myhpeband’a corpse—idead through luelahdlprd’egraBp-; ing avarice—come fc'rue'in every particu lar f ,v ’’ v 77 7 : .'7 \ -V - •; Of coarse* her hearers, would declare ,fchat;it had, and. prophesy in' turn- that •thebaronet would surely he ; hanged for his doujile oriihe^eto.,; and this; opinion, in a qualified form, Seerned e?bn to be shared by Mr. Murphy, Horah Dillon’s solicitor, for when'oallingupon his lovely client’s father and .to endeaypdr to cheer them up ip ’ their deep distress pud • most , painful anxiety,' The most iopifof ting * : iMuldv-;gfty fS'a* h; 7: •’ 4-^-‘>77. V ; 7 -177 Sir John: BerkeleyfV: -on before your daughter's. He will un doubtedly be found guilty and condemned to death for the murd»*r of n hia ‘ brother; ! and then, knowing that by no possibility j can ho cheat the gallows, he will own to having shot Miss O’Connoralso. Yes, I’ll undertake to. eat my hat, if he doesn’t.” : He made the rash promise "fully per suaded in his own mind thatfhd would, not be called updo tp perform if, but that the baronet would dp as he had foretold. . CHAPTER XLVir. Patrick Desmond called frequently - and openly upon his cousih- Norab after she had been committed costa(\d her trial, charged' with : tho murder fof the girl .whom, to all; seeming, . he-\jfiKd idolised, and been on the very point of marrying. Those who believed, in : her innocence; and that was almost everybody,'•com mended him. for this, b'Cause it was un doubtedly the best and most striking, way in which he could show the world that such was also his conviction. His friend, Outhbert Killaloe, alone could- npt - .: make him out. “ I believe. ! that*secretly •he* holds his epusin in hatred and abhorrence,” ho more .'than once re flected to himself. “ If that be true, no thing could make him do it but the con viction that 'she' shot poor Kathleen, and, believing that, bow on earth can he act as ho is daily doing ?” .Tho mental query was a difficult one to answer, and sometimes Otithbert Killabo would be almost .driven to believe that j some sensational and elaborate scheme of vengeance was at the bottom of- his friend’s frequent visits to his cousin, though lie "would invariably banish the thought ere long with some- such im patient exclamation as;—“Patrick Des mond seek vengeance on' a woman? Never!” and ho would bo angry with j himself the rest of tho day for having for ' a single, moment believed suqIj a thing to be.even possible. ' Whether Pat really .was seeking ven geance, or -meiely distraction in his beautiful cousin’s society, it certainly did not scorn to aff.ird him either sa’isfaotion or comfort, for ho seldom spoke, and still more rarely smiled. His old .cheerfulness and bonhominie were alike gone, a figurative wot blanket seemed to be thrown; over-everyone and t everything as soon as over- ho entered a room. . Old Dillon.took to calling him “The skeleton at the feast;’’ but why “ at the feast,” where there. wtts no longer any feasting, it would have been hard to ox | plain. " • . • ! Meanwhile . Kathleen O’Connor was i buried—buried from her mother’s house; I and though Patrick Desmond was not invited to the funeral, ho went neverthe less, c’ad in the '.deep mourning of a widower,, and looking every whit as aoml-rq as hia ; dress ; -indeed h r had changed so much in personal appearance since suffering his groat loss, that old friends would hardly-have recognised him .had they encountered - him suddenly and unexpectedly. - Despite all this, poor Ka*hloeri’s funeral was hardly, over when the rumour was started, hud g liiivd as it circulated,..that Patrick Desmond had -re engaged himself tp-his cousiuNorah, and would marry her ds soon as ever she was acquitted, at .the. approaching. Assizes, of .thii'crimo. falsoly. chargedj foreveVyoii’e hdcTniad-3 up heror•- , his mind that she w.is‘ wrongly charged and that her iq'nocence would ho triumphantly vindicated at her -.trial; though- how :f>r in what way ho one seamed .to know. • • Moanwhno S’r john: Birkeley, for his own safety’s ■ sake rather than for any o - her reason, for his bul had by- ho means been estreated, remained, shut up in prison, a prey to so bitter yet proudly "repressed a . sorrow on Kathleen ’O'Oohnor’s account,, that he thought but little of his Own most deadly peril, although his trial was by this .tinjo terribly noar. ■ But though he did (and in fact could do) nothing on his own behalf, there were others who were laboring hard for him, d'-spite that very little if indeed' any thing of importance had yet crowned their efforts. - ; , Mr, Redman was OhO'of those zealous worker3,aod: Detective was another.. The latter congratulated himself that it wan mainly through him .that Norab- Dillon had been arraigned for the murder of Kathleen O’Oonnor instead of his em ployer, and , . he - had "sound .roaso i dor thinking so.. • Now ho was resolved that he would strive his harde-tt to Sir John innooentbf the his -, brother, eoCTning a thousand pounds thereby, and also, if it were possible, to find that brother alive instead of dead, which dis co very would bring him in an extra couple of thousand by way of reward ; fur such, as the reader will reraembe-*, had teen Sir John Berkeley’s promise to him. Bat though the wily detective tried his very hardest, both on his patrbu’s account I and his own, he met with nothing but the mostmiortifying disippointments and I fat lard. ' . ' • His attempt, in the . character of a travelling cobbler and 'dialer in old clotbes and boots, to.get possession of the pair of boots with the curiously, set “hob hhd clinker’’ nails, which, had made their improasions pn the grassplats oad ?bedsypf.* Ixui•;.7pighfc. that (acwrdipg •. lb Tim Bldlco’s theqry) had bebn ldrod out. of his bedroom window, andplown the branches of the. apricot thfe wearer theaeof, in order to be perstfaded to goWheroliis -tpvrdcrers were awai'ing him, came to nought; for though his get- up was beyond suspicion, and bis manner as bland and persuasive as was that of 4-bauazd r » tho magician, when seeking to' exchange bis new lamps for old ones, yet . ho failed to obtain possession of the equally coveted boots, dr so much as a glimpse of them, nor did hflpven .sacoeed ia meeting a man with abnormally b<g. ket, -walking with his toes tdrn"d in, the ICffc fopb a little more than, the right. , . As for Georgo Bjrkeley, working so hard tp-fiddhim, as Blake did, he fuuud.it very hard to believe, after a little while, that thatyoung gentleman could possibly be above ground and yoc So long; elude hN every effort tbdiscover Kim, - . . 1 Regarding the. batless wandoVer of the Garuragh wastes and woods tim at last set him down id be an im \ginary pejrsonago altogether.* ' •- ' * ' ' Meanwhile the aaslze tlme approached air tod rapidly, ednaideringthat aotuqlly next to. nothing had -been do_ne to meet and - repel .the . charge upon which Sir John - Berkeley had been committed for trial; , .«> , 1 ‘ True - 'tliq, /body of'. the presumably ■ murdoradiyouth/liad not been found, and in uiim (MBoa'pnt of ten- ® would Jmvo bden held sufficieht -Ibc quash .ant indict.ment the ; proaejit ipstan^.wwherethd . evidently dying and positivelysworld to by twd highly credlblo witnesses; add;in;^*tho*b 1. h ad as good' its - denounced. his/murderor ,.by naroo ? evidently have’ -been f a mol's; travesty of justice to have re fused to try the case on purely technical grounds; for everyone was convinced that the corpse lay at the bottom of the Bog of Ardmohr, which had by this time rolled over and far beyond it; and everybody knew, because competent engineers bad reported to such effect; that the body nt by the jdra^ingi- act, total abolition btf) and-, £rlecherous quagmire,Laid .wofildV cost a hundred fe dp it) Sir Joh have lost all interest irib is hh'd-'ln every other m >tter as apparently did not care a single rap whether ho lived on in honour of adisgraceful death. OHAPTER XLVIir. Both* dishonour and death seamed to be very close at hand, now, for one drizz- Jingly wet morning her Majesty's Judges of Assize entered tho old Celtic Spanish town of Galway, in two four horsed coaches with postilions and outriders, begirt by jayelinmen, and preoeeded by .mpanted tfprapi*t era, who ever and.anon; sounded the most dolorous blasts bn their yard long, richly tabarded instru ments. ' ' ; r Whilst listening to the brazen blares more than one cynical Galway citizen hazarded the remark that they would be tbo sound of the last trump but one to at least two.prisoners who were awaiting their trial before theso same pompously entering judge*, within the crumbling grey-walled Ojunty prison so near at hand. . . Yes, many people hod begun to doubt by this time whether Norah Dillon would ho able, after all, to establish her in nocence before a jury of her countrymen; for it had somehow or oilier leaked out, or else been ingeniously fabricated, and in cither dose it had got. into general circulation, that her counsel (tho most famous criminal lawyer who could bo retained for her deforce) considered that tho ovidoaco was absolutely crushing which had been arraigned against her, and that there was very little which ho could do on her behalf except endeavour to work upon the feelings of an always susceptible Irish jury, . As regarded Sir John Berkeley, had anyone ventured to express an opinion that his innocence would bo. made manifest at bis trial, or even so much.- as thrown a'doubt upon bis guilt, ho would have been sot down as a fool, and would very likely have got; a broken head for expressing, even in his presumed folly, so unpopular an opinion, The baronet had, apparently, made up his mind that he would be hanged, and resigned himself, with all the ap ithy of a fatalist; to the seemingly inevitable; but Norah Dillon, on tho other hand, was constantly encouraged by her father, mother, and cousin lover, to! believe i that she was safe, and would and must be acquitted. , Preparations for her wedding with Patrick Desmond were diligently and' ostentitioiisly pressed on. The trousseau; was already ordered, the bridal dress was being made, and the bridegopom in posse one evening clasped about her whitest, and roundest, of throats a necklet of j of. diamonds (obtained- ■ frona'aorne too' credulous jeweller on credit), oblivious 6f the strong probability that- a coarse hempen • long endrcle'' it instead. ; As she was never let go outside the front door(and for that matter she had no; wish to do so) Norah Dillon bad no.| Opportunity of hearing tb) opinion of the outside world upon her case, and the house servants had over and over again ' been strictly charged not to utter a word in her" bearing that was in any way calculated to alarm her. The chief -reason for all this care and precaution was that she should be spared as muck mental anguish as possible, but there was almost as important a one lying hidden, as it wore, behind it, to wit, that every effort mast ba made to prevent anxiety- and terror from robbing her of her wondrous beauty; for her counsel had os good as declared to her parents; that it would ba her best defence could she but be brought into court with it* perfectly unimpaired; firstly, because nine men put of ten will not believe a very young and exceedingly pretty woman tp be capable.of a grave, least of a)i of a cruel prime, whilst almost as many will shrink from banging such a 'one even though they are convir.cad against their wills of her guilt. On i.hosP accounts it nad been decided, upon that Norah should “upon surrender-, ing to her bail” on the morning of her trial, be placed in tho dock cl id in the very, dross that was to be (should her life bo spared! her wedding one; and which, out well open at the neck, liberally though by no means indecorously re voahd the whole of that exquisitely full, r.ound, soft, white, throat, which the bang man’s noosed rope swung so threateningly over. . , What, a . chivalrous, warm-hearted irishman deliver so gloriously lovely a young creature as she was over to be .strangled out of life by tho public bang* man, and then cist naked, amongst de vouring quicklime, into, a felon’s grave, dug within four high prison walla? Oh, surely such a thing would be. quite im possible J .. ' . So poof Mr. and Mrs, Dillon tried'to"; think ; bo Patrick Desmond succeeded in thinking, and Norah perhaps believed;, herself. ' At all events shOy either kept] or seemed to keep her courage ;up ’ re markably well; and though r she'. never* smiled-she just as certainly never wept, for. her . eyes continued as bright, her chooks oS rounded, .and her moat perfect form as adorablyplump as they bad over been, . -r . ’ . ' ' j However, we iptosb leave Miss * Dillon fpf , the present, for\ whereas her trial : • docs hot come off until to-morrow, it. being tparked ninth on the roster, Sir John Bsi keley’s takes place to day; nay, more—olmoab at once—for Ib is the first down in tbe calendar, and the witnesses ajre already all |h Court—how jnany to bear .testimony against him—how'fpw to speak in his favor. ‘ The pageant in the streets is over, The second, act of the stirring drama tak«h.plftoe!,in, the already crowded „Oqu rt Iipu*?, Wijj 'the third act .be upon ’the., yet more densely surrounded gibbet plat form, we wonder, ? Be that as it will, enough for the exist ing day is the evil thereof. , . , (TO be continued.) . \- tragic instahee of the Hindoo female’s modesty, or; raklfer Slavery, to the habits-of centuries, is. rer ported by the ‘‘ BeKar Times,’’ A .house at Peinai a village near TikarijCpQtaining ,1-1 fern ales, ’ caught" fire, Gne,,of/,the women; a newly married bride,- nob .;will ! ing to expose herself to tbo public jjaze,, declined to leave the place. The rest; en couraged by berv example, resolved;. to stay .with, her.t, v The'"'conffeqaence Was they were, allfWfully scorched before: •t)ioy opuld be: Veseued; S&yeh; oi thpm died* mdnent . :) - - 