Thackeray and Dickens. IN Mr. Sala's recent book of gossip "Things I Have Seen and People I Have Known," we get some reminiscences of Charles Dickens, with whom Mr. Sala bad his first real journalistic experiences on " Household Words." This is an interesting passage :-" To talk to Dickens was a vastly different thing from talking to Thackeray. The author of ' Vanity Fair' was a master of anecdote, persiflage, and repartee; he was a varied and fluent linguist; he was a lover and practitioner of art; he was saturated with seventeenth and eighteenth century literature, both French and English; and be could hold his own with such masters of con. versation as Abraham Hayward and Richard Monckton Milnes (Lord Houghton), and with such a formidable epigrammatist and wit as Douglas Jerrold. Dickens, on the other hand seldom talked at length on literature, either of the present or lbe past. He very rarely said' anything about art; and, for what is usually termed ' high art,' I think that be had that profound contempt which is generally the outcome of lack of learning. Indeed when I first visited Venice and wrote for him an article called ' A Poodle at the Prow'-my text beitg a gondola on the Grand Canal and the gondolier's dog-be expressed himself as es pecially pleased with my production on the ground that it contained 'no cant about art.' What he liked to talk about was the latest new piece at the theatres, the latest exciting trial ot police case, the latest social craze or social swindle, and especi ally the latest murder, and the newest thing in ghosts. He delighted in telling short, droll stories, and occasionally indulg ing in conic similes and drawing waggish parallels. He frequently touched on politi cal subjects-always from that which was then a strong Radical point of view, but which at present I imagine would be thought more Conservative than Democratic; but his conversation, I am bound to say, once for all, did not rise above the amusing com monplaces of a very shrewd, clever man of the world, with the heartiest of hatred of shams and humbugs." 