NO&RISTON; CASTLE, OB THE . GHOST OF A PIANOFORTE. I "WAS sketching on the north-east coast ; the wind veered, the sky low- ered, the sea bëgarï to "call," and ari afternoon of; sun and gentle breezes closed in heavy wind and rain from thè east. Shelter must be had, for 1 was two miles from home. Fortun- ately, the enormous site of the old fortress near which I had been at work furnished enough and to spare. I ran quickly into a haven- half cor- ridor, half dungeon-on the low brow of the hill facing the sea. The rain increased, the wind made rushes at the half-glazed windows, which were on:.the level of the outside sward. Confused rubbish of stone and wood lay along the walls of the interior. It became quite dark, and I weighed the pros and cons of leaving my materials till the morrow, and boldly incurring a complete wetting on my way home- ward, or staying where I was, in a;dry skin, though it might be till morning, when my resolution was taken, and carried out almost before I was aware of it. A tremendous volume of wind and rain came rolling along the outside of my half-under- ground, asylum. It thundered at every,window, and as it reached one , at the farther end, some rude contri- vance-put up probably by shepherds to save their flocks when they took arefugë here at times-gave way with bang that reverberated and increased to a tumult of weird sounds, as if ? some demon orchestra had struck up a concerto with gusty shrieks and groans , in it, some, discordant, some wildly harmonious, but all uncanny in that dim and lonely place. In a . moment^ with a confused -sense of terror, without reasoning, or investi- gating the devilish hubbub, I fled into the open storm and made homeward. Long before I reached my lodging, at a."shepherd's cottage, I had settled that v my story would be received with; incredulity ; yet I had the cour- age to tell it. ^My host and his wife were both very old, and, as usual, a little garrulous. When I laid my late experience before them; it,was not received, as I expected, with disbelief. But a story was told, me, the gist bf which I am now to give the reader, in my own way, as accurately as I . Can. . -j 7(': : : . ,. Lato; in the last century,, on tnc very ground I had been sketching, t girl or about seventeen years used t< make careful drawings of the man j beautiful .bits of "architecture .thai since, then have been ravished fron their " places and walled into th« texture of many a cottage and fara outhouse ' in the neighbourhood Her, father's passion was., that of ar antiquary, and her drawings, were tc illustrate a great work on the anti ; qùitiés ' of the north-east coast S he was. then projecting. One bright day, while she was : revelling in thc finó complexities of a partly-snelterecl ::. archway, f ull:î >of fancies : and - dim guesses about .the designers and makers of. it,; she heard a soft foot- step on the grass_ behind, her., Some shepherd, or a miner ¡down, for sea- gull shooting," slie ..thought; but steadily wont pn painting. A some- what, .brisk voice said, "A beautiful bit of old"; work, ' madany; and an interesting record ' of it J Your drawing -will be gratefully viewed, I hdpe,:long.'after time and our north- east weather have . put' their,. last polish on the original." Our young mistress only, bent more .'closely, to her work with: the - faintest little bridling. The young man' who had spoken rose to the occasion ¿ by say-, ing¿.v" Pardon, me for. accosting you, but the fact is, Tve had, occasion so often tb; meet and talk to artists that I feel like one bf the craft.": ' He was, she felt, about to ' withdraw, - and loath .by:.instinctand .training, to appear unduly austere, and actuated by a half-conscious wish to prolong an acqüaihtáneo that budded rather pleasantly, ; she - rose,' and, looking, at him said, "I feel sure you are only intorested in antiquity and in, art; and' ' now I reflect, 'I myself always wish to soo what is going on when I see another i at this kind ' of work." / am relieved to; hear it," said he, fbrrnbw 1 feel sure you will oxcuso my/ abrupt intrusion." He was .a v strongly-built man, with chestnut Kairj and clear blue eyes, and à facë ; pf Truddy brown., Madam Dolly, as her father named her, now packed up' her traps, deftly aided by her new ; ; acquaintance, and after some little . lingering and chatting they parted for their respective homes. . After this-chance or design secured manya meeting between the two. Cyrus Goclbold, so he called himself,;made Dorothy aware in time of his position and relations in life. He had a smnll income, on which he, thought they might live if she would marry him not ;with ? all ; the luxuries, modest though' they were,'?' of /'Norriston Rectory; but yet "with'affection to their housekeeping," and all,;.that; old-fashioned sophistry, they might do', so he thought. ,V'"V^-i1 ¡ ? Many. an afternoon was made' -beautiful as they talked vaguely of ?their future. The frowning basaltic 'rocks, their fissures resonant with Tgreon sea water, the sands' which . ~< had -great orango patches peculiar to thom, the gem-like blue of the Che 'viot Hills, were all woven into the ..tissue of their fairy vision of life. iHad hor father's " North-Eastern " Antiquities " depended for its Jspeedy issue on Dorothy's efforts it had soon ;seen tho light. For she worked con- scientiously, and nover returned '«empty-handed from her studies at the Castle Hill. Some timo before this Mr. Bossley, to gratify a romantic fancy of his daughters, had obtained leave from Lord Norrison to cleanse, decomte; and partly furnish one portion of the semi-subterranean vaults that edged the grass-grown [site. ^ Among other things a dainty pianoforte was placed there, and tho sisters not un- fortunately had a few favoured friends of an afternoon, when music t'ofi.'the'bost kind was made,""with conversation, to charm away a few hours with the romantic accompani- ments of the nenr waves and tho winds that soughed around the grave old ruins. One day, after an interval of slug- gishness on Mr. Rossley's part, his daughter asked him whether he had quite forgotten his work, or was she to consider her share of his great work over ? He thought for a mo- ment, and then described how he would like a drawing of some of the machicolations on the eastern tower. She said she would prepare for the work and go the day after next. She went asùad been arranged, and when night came on, although she did not return, yet her enthusiastic persistence was so well known that no surprise was occasioned till, dusk gave way to darkness. Then alarm spread, and all ? available help was sent to search for her. But she could not be found. .. " ; What had happened was, this,: Dorothy bade her mother and sister, as well as - her father, good-morning with à somewhat.' flurried,¿manner that was ascribed. to mere eagerness to get to work. .. At the end of the road which led from the Rectory to the links she' might have been seen to turn her clear olive countenance on the home she" was forsaking ; her large dark eyes shining,wistfully, but not tearful. Then she could be seen hurrying to the happy sketch- ing ground, where she looked into the sanctum so full of pleasant asso- ciations. Drawing the key. from her pocket she entered, and, as if to uphold herself with some touch of divine things, played an adagio movement of Mozart's Sonata, Op. 2, the first she had learnt of all the great musical works. Its ordered pathos blended with the whish of the sea on the sloping rocks. The curlews'and the seagulls' cries, and distant bleatings wrought themselves into it without incongruity. Then she rose, went out, closed, but did not lock the door ; and looking south;': saw, as" she expected to do, atamiliár boat with a well-known figure vigor- ously .bending to the oar.. It, was Cyrus. : They met at the ancient; landing steps, hardly worn at all by centuries ot tides; : / ? As she stepped by her friend's hel{ into the boat, this ;new phase of lift lbókód'fbr a ; moment, in, spite ó: youth and-trust, just ai, little-grisly arid repulsive;/'.; But the die was cast she must* go on.With/ what'! corni forting 'words; her-: lover reassured her there is ho saying." ' She noticed that the boat ,was;; richly cushioned so that she cóuldí; recline in comfort as they/ scudded j: rapidly-to Market 'Morriston. " There! she'and'Cyrus ar- rived, and there we leave them. : y_ -> y At the day's end all'was fright and confusion at the Rectory. That 'hight ; arid next; day there .was; wild Meeking ! in! ; every ,:. direction.'! ; '!! The father, after searching about ¡ the rocky' shore/ looked . a! second ) time 'into the improvised boudoir among 'the rúinV Something îwhite. lay on jther-keyboard of the piano. ;- At n glance he, saw. it was addressed to ;nim in his child's; handwriting. He ; tore_ the missive opon' .and read,' ! iii : terrible confusion, of .mind, a letter detailing how she had. been led to take a"step*so .unparalleled'in tho history of her family. : It concluded : ,' " I thought, you would never consent to my marriage with' a ? poor man: such as . be,- ana yet- he said he could hot li ve without rue, and I cannot bear to think of'being' by* some chance, separated from him. Be sure'ofvthiB, ho.will deal truly by iiie;;for sure lam that he.is really,;aa gooda, man. as'.ever . lived, Pallon me. But , if von cannot, then I can only; pray, you may be áblé to forget your loving daughter,....,_. ..... ... .."DOLLY:/"1 The poor Rector shook with such terror and sharpie as. he had never known. He' essayed to re-read tho letter aloud, hut, at the sound of his own:.voice;:a'passion-of-- indignation seized him, and looking round, ho seized the dainty little instrument, and1 with i a . wrench : which ,'? showed age had little impaired a pretty vigor- ous frame, -he "raized and overset it with a crash. Then dashing his? boot among the stirings as the lid fell open, he'left'it'disabled for ever. There was little enough relief in this, how- ever; sb'he 'tottered deviously home. As . he, approached the village his Î'bunger daughter ran to him with a ettér exclaiming that Dolly must be alive, for this was her writing.! His wife coming, up, urged him to open it, but he devolved that task on her, groaning as he said : "Dead I dead the moro dead because she lives I" Mrs. Rossley opened, and looked ,at the note quite puzzled.. On finishing, she tremulously; read it aloud. : It ran thus: 1""' ' ' ' ?..<?..';.; :, " REV. AND HONOURED; Sm.-I have been led by motives wh ich I ' cannot excuse to do what demands a lifelong apology. I haye robbed you ot*your.daughter,! and:I; hasten tó'ask''y'ou''to receive her , again, and, with her a son whose' -life- will, bei a!, constant endeavour to make' amends for the pain which'he "has,' ho" fen rs,",' rashly; inflicted. ??. 1 have offended "from' the'desire to, test your child's attachment to me.forl won her os ii 'mari of poor'estate.'' .1 havé.^hoWever, mar- ried'her in : my' real: character,: which is known to you.very<well.? sl.follow.this note at once to ask hvperson..whatifc now asks of you-that" you? will accept and forgive ono who in future will bo proud to always sub- scribe himself, rev. and hbnourd sir, ' your I roost, dutiful son I »T..I T_1 -NOKTW8TON."; ."' ' ' i JNeed 1 say now uismayanu sorrow gave way to the opposite feelings.in the breasts of all concerned ? Lord Norriston and his naughty, yet true hearted bride, arrived very soon. -\ A little gentle admonition, a little diffi- culty and reticence for a minute or two, and then all was wonder, de- light and harmony in the Rectory. So it was Lady Dolly's piano in tho last stage of decay that so affrighted the present writer when the east wind thundered in on it. She would never again haye her rustic boudoir used while she lived, in that and other modes endeavour- ing to make ber parents forget tho ' temporary . but memorable agonies they had suffered while her fate was tb them uncertain. But later, tho place, being forgotten, was appro- priated by the shepherds and herds- men to shelter cattle from tho fre- quent storms that yearly crumble and whiten the skeletons of Norris- ton ? Castle, rr T.R., in Magazine' oj Music. '-'-> ".?? ' -???f.: L-->~» j 