Comie Historical Records. A volume of historical records published 'by authority' is hardly the sort of book in which one would look for historical jokes ; but nevertheless the volume relat ing to Captain Cook (forming part of the Historical Records of New South Wales) is just as richly studded with, them bs the Comic School Historv recentlv -noticed in these columns. Speaking, for instance, of the Endeavonr's voyage, it adopts the view taken by the author of that lively little book with respect' to «? the object of the expedition,' ' and seeks to' con firm it by the Admiralty letters. 'It will be observed,' says the. editor in his introduction, 'that no allusion whatever is made to exploration. The object of the expedition at its inception was purely astronomical. The records do not tell ub at what time or by whom the field of operations was extended/' It is perilous work- to comment; on re cords in the dark. No one who has read the history of the time can have any doubt as to the object of the expedition ; it was not 'purely astronomical'' at. its inception, and the field of operations was just the same under Cook as it was under Ms predecessors— , Byron, Wallis, and Carteret. It was the- South Pacific, and the main object of each ' voyage was the discovery and occupation of new lands, particularly of the unknown^ southern continent. The policy of the5 Government was stimulated by the action of the French, who had just been driven out of Canada, and were then looking for a new dominion in the southern seas. The broad facts of the case may be seen in Cook's instructions and those of Ms pre decessors, which form the official key to the expeditions; but, by the way, we look in vain for them in this volume of five hundred pages. Not knowing anything about them, the editor is naturally puzzled to account for Cook's reference to 'the object of the ex pedition ' in bis letter from Batavia, when on his way home. 'Although I have failed in discovering the so much, talked of southern continent (which perhaps do not exist, and which I myself had much at heart), yet I am confident no part of ,the failure of such discovery can be laid to my ?charge.' On which the editor exclaims : ' This is the first mention the records' contain of the ' so much talked of southern continent.' Singularly enough, no allu sion is made thereto in the correspondence which passed between the Admiralty and Navy Boards in the spring of 1768, when the expedition was first projected.' Imagine the Lords of the Admiralty writing to the Navy Board about the southern continent, when ordering a ship to be got ready ! It. is but just to say that historical illus trations are not altogether neglected in the editor's introduction, and it is worth while to note them. The expeditions are said to ' mark a new era in maritime exploration;' and in order to show it he makes this remarkable state ment: — ' Prior to that date (1763) there suits of voyages to unknown seas, whether made at the expense of private individuals :- or of States, had, in nearly every instance, been carefully suppressed.' Now who ever heard of the British Government suppressing voyages of dis covery *in nearly every instance,' or in any instance at all ? The statement is in tensely ridiculous, because voyages of all kinds were published in England without the slightest restriction, from the time of .Caston tQ that of Hawkesworfcfa. It is equally untrue of other nations, ever; of the Dutch and Portuguese, although they have been accused of it. The loss or dis appearance of many journals of dis ?covery, written by their navigators, was undoubtedly owing to neglect 'and not to suppression. Tasman's journal of 1644 is a-eaeeia point. Having satisfied himself that voyages previous to 1763 were, 'in nearly every instance,' carefully suppress sed, the editor goes on to show the con sequences of that system. It was not abso lute ignorance of lands beyond the sea, as one would suppose, but 'the spread of ex travagant fictions respecting1 their in habitants and products ; the terras incog nitas became the home of men of gigantic stature, the seats of mighty empires, and the repositories of fabulous wealth.' . This is an exact inversion of the fact ; extravagant fictions were the result of publishing voyages and travels — e.g., Marco Polo's; but they were not, and could not possibly have been, the result of suppressing them. The editor, how ever, is not altogether responsible for this mistake, because he was unconsciously cribbing from the Comic School History, which expresses the same idea in equally fine language: — ' In these unknown lands our ancestors loved to picture all that was strange and mysterious. They believed that the men who could penetrate far enough would find countries where inex haustible riches were to be gathered with out toil from the gem-covered shores, or from the gold-teeming valleys, &c.;' This passage is a very beautiful one, but it is too lengthy to quote in full. The theory of suppression presents itself p-gflin in another comical passage: 'It is well known,' says the editor, 'that in the sixteenth and seventeenth cen turies the Portuguese were very reticent in regard to tttwir voyages and dis coveries.' This is precisely what is not known. The Portuguese never made any discoveries in the seventeenth cen tury, and their reticence in the sixteenth applied only to charts' showing their sail ing routes to India and the. Spice Islands, soon after they had discovered them. That they did not euppress the journals is evident from the accounts of their voyages published by their historians, from Barros downwards. Candidly-admitting that there are no records to justify any reference to the subject, the editor plunges into a discus sion of the question — discussed ad nauseam by Major— whether Cook had any knowledge of certain old, French maps supposed to have been founded on Portu guese discoveries of Australia L. These maps, he says, 'give so correct aiepresen tation of the eastern coast that it is im possible to regard them as the creations of fancy.' That is a matter on which opinion is -divided; but, conceiving it necessary to defend Cook from a charge which no one would listen to nowadays, he gravely argues that he was innocent because he '?was ignorant; 'he had little or jio opportunity of TrmTrinjr himself .acquainted with the labors of these early navigators.' Why* that, was |the very subject with which he had ample opportunity of Trmfcing himself acquainted, and, moreover, it was clearly his business, as a irmrinB snryeyor, to make T»fpiBnif acquainted with it. If the editor had only read Ms voyages, he would have seen that Cook had mastered the history as well as the ~aft of navigation. In the introduc tion to his second voyage, for instance, be gives an excellent summary of all the early navigations in the- South Pacific. The reason why he said nothing about the maps is that he regarded them as 'the creations of fancy.' So did Dalrymple and deBrosses, whose silence on the sub ject, in the volumes they: published, is confidently attributed by. the editor, to their ignorance. - . . - By-the-way, the most amusing feature of the book is ihs sublime confidence with 'which the editor attacks other' men's 'errors,' a& he «all8 them, while heaping up his own.- . No one is too big for bis -pugnacity. Lord Brougham, for instance, is condemned because he ' adduces no more convincing or logical reason iihan an ex pression j , of bis . own belief*' that Six Hugh Pattison caused the disagree ment between Cook and Banks. The editor did not see that Lord Brougham clearly expressed, not his own belief only, but that of his friend. Sir Joseph, from whom he obtaine'd his in formation. Even Cook comes in for a birching. In a letter to Lord Sandwich on behalf of one of bis. crew, he said: — ' The bearer, Eichard Hutchins, was boatswain's mate of the Endeavor, bark, during the whole of her late voyage ;' to which we have a footnote: 'This is an error. Hutchins .-was an A.B. until September, 1769, when he was appointed boatswain's mate, &c.;'' Perhaps most people would i stall be inclined to take Cook's authority on the point; as Hamlet said, they would 'take the ghost's word for a thousand pound.' Eeturning to the records, the editor gleefully directs his readers' attention to the bonne bouclw of the collection, which he calls 'Lieutenant Cook's Private Log.' We are invited to read seventy-eight pages of it in small type and tabulated' form; at the end of them we are con fronted with 'Lieutenant Cook's Official Log,' also in small type and tabulated iorm, occupying about as many pages more. Then we have to digest several pages of ' Notes to Cook's Logs,' ; fol lowed by over a hundred containing the logs or journals of Cook's officers, including a gunner and two mas ters' mates; and finally by another log, called ' The Palliser Copy of Cook's Log,' of which we have several pages also. Tnese trifles occupy nearly three hundred pages altogether; and it is not too much to say that what is worth printing in them might have been easily put into six. An examination of these logs leads to the conclusion that the ' Private Log,' which the editor considers ' a historic document of great value,' might be more correctly termed the ' Bogus Log,' for it . appears to be one of many fraudulent com pilations palmed off by sharp-witted dealers in curios on Bimple-minded collec tors. Speaking of 'the Palliser copy,' whiea we are told is, 'beyond any doubt, in the handwriting of Cook himself,' the editor says, ' it will be seen at a glance that the matter is almost word for word the same in the log, also in Cook's handwriting, entitled Lieutenant Cook's Private Log.' There is no doubt as to the identity of the two; but against the editor's theory, these facts have to be considered: (1) That ' the Palliser copy,' or '^Dook's own log,' as Captain Wharton, hydrographer of the Admiralty, calls it, is declared by him to be 'not autograph;' (2) that the only, other log known to him, apart from the officers' logs, is ''the Bbip's log book of the Endeavor,' which our editor describes as Cqpk's ' Official Lpg ;' (3) that as the journal was not written by Cook, but by his clerk, it is more than probable that the logs were not in his handwriting either, especially as we know that he waB not addieted^tb penman ship; (4) that according to 'the editor's account of the ' Private Log,' 'nothing is known as to the history of the original except that it was purchased about twerity years ago at an auction sale in London ;' (5) that -if it was a genuine document there could not be any. difficulty in ascer taining its history ; (6) that if it purports to be in Cook's handwriting, it is presum ably a fraud. Leaving this nut to be cracked at leisure, let us examine the editorial theory us to the value of the log for historical purposes. It is of great value, he thinks, because ' it affords a ready means of disposing finally, not only of a number of fallacies which have hitherto been accepted, but also of a num ber of questions which have given rise to a great deal -of controversy of a specula tive nature.' This is exactly what no log can do, because the captain's charts and journal form the primary and conclusive evidence on any question of the kind. Passing them over, the editor fixes bis eyes on the logs, and discovers a number of mares' nests which ore immediately held up for our admiration. Here is one of them: — ' 'We 'find, for instance, 'Cook himself stating1 that he called the bay .now known as Botany Bay ? Stingray Harbor ;* and further he tells us why he did so. The matter is discussed in note 14, post, P- 16L It is now quite impossible to say, with any certainty, who originated the name at present in vogue, and why ; this much, however, appears beyond any reason able question — either Captain. Cook did not, or if he did*, it was an afterthought.' This little syllogism might be improved by saying — ' Either Captain Cook did or he did not originate the name; if he did, lie did; and if lie didn't, he did not.' No one 'will dispute that; but as to the point raised, it is beyond all question that he named the place Botany Bay. It would be enough to Bay that the name appears in hie chart; but if more proof is wanted, we have^' it in the three copies of his jour nal. There is no harm in admitting' that, when he was in the bay, he thought of calling it after the etingraysj but it is equally clear that when he wrote his journal he altered the name to Botany Bay on account of 'the great quantity of plants ' collected there. He was rather proud of the name, too, for when he was off the coast of New Caledonia in September, 1774,, he called a little sandy island ' Botany Isle/' be cause it: astonished the botanists by the variety of trees, shrubs, and plants they' found there. - -' ;. In the face of this evidence, the editor courageously asserts that either Banks or Hawkesworth invented'ihe came, aad used it without consulting Cook. v Anofeaer mare's nest turns np in con nection with 'New South Wales.' We are told that, because that name does not appear in the logs, it was not authorised ^y.Cooksr ?'Ike name appeara to ibave originated with Hawkesworth. Cook had been con tent with, 'the east coast of NewHolland.' ' TTir editor, apparently, was desirous of being more precise; and as the map of the world then contained a New Britain, New England, New Scotland, New Ireland, New North Wales, New G-uernsey, New Den mark, . New Holland, New Jersey, New Zealand, and scores of others, he selected, probably, the best that was left when he called it New South Wales.' Even on this theory Hawkesworth. is in nocent, because New South Wales wasn't 'left;' it was on the map of North America, and had been there since I 1631. That Cook selected the name is proved by two out of the three copies of his journal, in which it appears throughout. In the third copy, edited by Captain WHarton, the name is ' New Wales,' and, as he says, it may be inferred that Cook's first idea was to christen the country by that name. ' Here is proof enough that no logs can form a substitute for the journal ; but if any anxious inquirer should, ask — where is the journal ? the answer is a foggy one : ' In the library of the Admiralty Office, London, is a manuscript journal which purports to be the one kept by Lieutenant Coofe, of the Endeavour. Unfortunately only three short extracts (!) have been re ceived from England. They are fac similes, and will be found reproduced in appendix E. The handwriting, it will be noticed, is not Cook's. The journal is now (1893) being prepared for publication by the hydrographer to the Admiralty.' It was not the Admiralty copy that was being prepared for publication, but a copy belonging to Mr. Corner, formerly in the possession of Secretary Stephens, of the Admiralty. It was published last year, admirably edited by Captain Wharton, the hydrographer. Speaking of tfcia copy, the editor of the records says : ' It is now very difficult to say whether it is au original br a copy.'- There is no ' original ;' but, as Captain Wharton tells us, three copies were originally made, of which one is in the library of the Admiralty, one in the Queen's .library, and one in the possession of Mr. Corner. The first and third were written, by Cook'e clerk on board the En Ir, the second was written by several officers' journals, which we get at rngth, are summed up in three lines laptain \Qbarton : ' The journals the officers fflfe. the Endeavor are pre l in the PubQc Eecord Office ; there is, nowever, nothings to he got out of them, as they are merely copies, one of the other, founded on the Bbip's log.' They' are not the only ' records ' of which the reader feels that 'there is no thing to be got out of them.' The book is disfigured by several photo graphic portraits and facsimiles of hand writing, which are out of place in a volume of record. As if that were not enough, another, collection of facsimiles, represent ing Cook's chart of the east coast of New Holland, in sections, is published in a separate quarto volume, of which it may be said that no one would have missed, it if it had not been published. Some thing might have been said for it if (as in Captain Wharton's volume) the original chart had been accompanied by tracings showing the latest surveys of the coast] for the purpose of comparison. G. B, B. 