LATER PROCEEDINGS. Monday was regarded as a day of rest in the festivities, but Tuesday saw the celebrations being further advanced. The weather in the morning was fairly fine, and admitted of the preparations for the laying of the foundation stone of the Perry Memoral Cottages (more familiarly known as the Clergy Sea Side Rest) being completed, and all being in order at 3.30, the Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, per formed the ceremony of laying the foundation stone of PERRY MEMORIAL COTTAGES. Tuesday afternoon, 26th June, wit nessed the actual commencement of the erection of a Clergy Rest for this dio S?Ce, which has been in contemplation .ice 1830. Precisely at half-past three, the Bishop, accompanied by the Vic.ar. Archdeacon Alnutt, and the Archdi., con of Hamilton and the 1Vinuteta, were drivtn into the enclo.ure, where already a large concourse had as sembled. Threatening weatihcr had necessitated the erection of a temporary awning, over which the banner of St. George floated proudly in the breeze. The service used closely followed the order usual in laying the corner stones of churches with necessary adaptations. It was heartily joined in, the hymns and psalms and chants were sung with great spirit by the choir of St. Stephens. A fine axed block of bluestone bore in gilt letters, the inscription-', Laid by Samuel, first Bishop of Ballarat, 26th June, 1894," and in a cavity beneath it w.s formally deposited a bottle, her metically sealed, containing a simple parchment scroll inscribed as follows:- This memorial stone of a Clergy Rest for the Diocese of lBallarat, was laid on Tueslay, 26th June, by Samuel Thloraton, D.D. first Itlhop of Ba.larat, in the pieseuce of Henry r.dward Cooper, M.A., Archdeacon of Ilamilton an:d the W\immera, and a large assemb!age o,f ,nhabi tants of the town ana district, incluning the vicar, the Venerable John Charyl: Parrott Allnutt. and William Hay liose, Esq., Manager of the Union Bank, Pr:ltand, by wh,,j· exer tions with the assistance of church peopl a:.d ottllrs tnrogoute oo the o e bulttlhg has been erected to the glory of e;od. and :n loving memory of the late Charles Perry, D.D., first l;ishop of Melbourne; the Farl of lIcpetoun being Governor of the colony; George Henry Tnlloh, Mayor of the town,. William Hay liose, William Hanlon, James l..,we, Church eardeus of St. btephens'. The stone being lowered upon this and carefully levelled and adjusted, was laid w.th the following words: - " In the faith of Christ, and with prayer fot the blessing of God, I lay this Foundation Stone ofa House of Rest for this diocese in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Wordsworth's lovery hymn, " O Lord of Heaven and Earth " followed, and addresses would have beet given at the close by th. Bishop and Vicar, but a heavy downpour of rain made pro'onga tion of the proceedings inadvisable, which were reverently concluded with the Benediction, and the large assembly dispersed. The beauty of the site on which the charming house will stand struck every one presect. It is perhaps the loveliest site in the immediate neighborhooc' of Portland. The sweep of the bay round to the point beyond which the precipice of St. Lawrence Rocks are seen rising from the waves affords a lovely sea picture, and the hill rises nobly from the ocean and commands a delicious pano rama on the lindward side. Abundant room is left upon the ground for a church or other buildings in the future If required. The house will consist entirely of stone with the exception of the chim. neys, which will be of pic'uresque red brick, and will be verandahed on the east and west. The dining room will hi. charming, extending 20 feet into a bow window commanding a beautiful sea prospe:t, and besides five other commcdious rooms will include a bath room and similar accessories. The windows will be of picturesque Eliza. bethan design, and the fall frontage at present to be erected wi;i extend 50 feet and the house w\ill run back to a con siderable depth, the whc!e forming a dignified attractive dwelling and orna ment to Portland, and a credit to the diocese and admirably in detail to its beneficient purpose. The clergy who from time to time will enjoy the benefit of the work so auspiciously begun cannot fsil to admire the selection made of the scene of their sojourn when taking rest from ministerial duty in the charming retreat thus pro vided for them. Nothing could be im agined mere congenial to the memory of the sympathising and generous Bishop to whose memory it is to be dedicated, and hearty congratulations may well be tendered to those who have taken in hand so successfully this much needed and invaluable addition to the equipments of our diocese. One can perceive at a glance the wiscom of having seven years ago planted the entire circuit of the land with shade trees, which alieady afford no incon siderable shelter, ard will ultimately girA!: the ground with ve'dure and beauty. But one opinion is expressed as to the beauty of the place and its surroundings. The present financial condition of the enterprise will be seen in another column, from which it will be gathered that further help is urgently desired to carry the work to completion-and the prompt contribu tion of 20oo would mean very large saving by enabling the wortk tn be com pleted while workmen are engaged upon the scene. The whole proceedings passed off most s'ccessfully, £17 tos being added to the funds. It may be mentioned that the architects are Messrs. Hyndman and Bates, andthecontractor, Mr Parker, of Melbourne. 