CHAPTER XV. ASSAULT A NX) JUTTEBY. After dinner that evening Florence left her cousin to his own resources, but at 11 o'clock oame down from Ann's room to bid him good night. " Don't let them turn out the lights," he said. " It's no use my going yet. 1 may as well make myself comfortable indoors for another hour or more." She clapped her hands nervously as she looked down into bis upturned faoe. "No use going where?" she faltered. " On the watch, to be sure." "Oh, Arnold," she cried, "I hoped you had bad enough of this." " Enough '. I haven't begun. Why, Floy, I told I meant to shadow that woman like death." " Never mind what you told me, Arnold. Don't do it; please don't do it. Oblige me in this. Mr. Fatrford was a friend of father's, he is a friend of mine, and this very morning you oalled at his house and pretended that he was a friend of yours, Please, Arnold, give in to me in this." "Sorry, Floy, but it can't be done," he answered. " It puzzles me you take euoh an interest in the chap. You haven't known him three months all told. You go to bed, and when I've discovered the truth you'll be thankful I stood Grin for once in my fife." She turned away very sadly, and Arnold began to repose upon two ohairs. Shortly after midnight ho became eager to be doing something. It was a cool, fresh night, and he turned up his coat-collar as he quitted th9 house. Then he took his stand under the shadow of the large sycamore-tree, and fixed bis eyes upon the two gateB of Forest Prospeot. But though, with patience worthy of Joe Bodger, he waited there two weary honrs, no sound fell upon hie ears save theetriking of the distant ohuroh olook, echoed by another within the house, the rustling of the leaves, and the ooossional orowing of a restless ehan tioleer. It was II the next morning when he oame down to breakfast. "No luok last night," he said. "Of oourse I put the Johnny on his guard. An awful juggins I was 1 Well, Floy, we'll see who tires first." I Arnold Derwent wu not the only perion in Bookfield who perplexed hit mind about the mysterious women in blaok. After going dutifully to Churoh on Sunday evening, Lizzie went to her father's cottage, a olean, white building, with a roof of extremely ornamental thetoh, standing at a convenient diitanoe from the ohnrobyard; the field .of Mr. Mog ford's labours for so many years that at least as far as the living were concerned be regarded that domain at virtually bis own property. . „ "It's my opinion you sse a ghost, Liz, said Mrs. Mogford, the only biaok-baired member of the family. "Ive seen 'em my self, come to that. Take the night before poor Aunt Lotty died." "It wAsn't no ghost, declared John, (be eldest sen; I never saw a ghost. I lay ehe'd holloa if I laid hold on her." _ .... John followed up the assertion with a loud guffaw, as he drew bis huge boots farther be neath his chair. "If it wasn't a ghost, said Mrs. Mogford, "I don't see no harm done. A person oan walk what time aha likos and no harm done, if so be she is a person. What do you say, father?" "I say the same as you say, Emma, an swered Mogford, who from long experience found this a plan whioh saved trouble and ill-feel'ng. fie was a thiokset, bow-legged dreary-faced man with a shook of bright red hair, and an invariable smell of earth about his clothes. " We'll soon find out that 'ere, said Jatnes, the younger born. "How's that, Jim?" asked Lizzie; how are you going to find out ?" "Watch and see, Liz. Ain't that reason: If you waut to find out what a thing is, j ust look at it, and there y'are. You're 111 it, John?" " I'm there, James." "I don't know but what I'll make ano ther," said Mogford, senior; "eb, miesus ?" Between a desire to afford her raBh offspring the natural protection of their father and to preserve her husband fiom danger, Mrs. Mogford wavered; but at last the plot was hatched, and Lizzie told Florence all about it on Monday morning. Later io^ the "*3% meeting Owen Fairford in tbe^ village* Flo rence stopped. He seemed entirely to nave forgotten hie embarrassment at tbo Rookery the other night, and alter some oasual re marks askod after Ann, 11 She is dying fast," was tbo reply. l'r. Viret doubts whether she will hve through the day. I should not have left her, only he insisted that I should come out for half em When presently her small hand rested a moment in his rather large one she longed yet dia not dare to warn him of the rod in pickle. Not only was Arnold on the watoh, but (be Mogfords also; and, between them, surely Owen must be compelled to suffer. ^ . A nd there was auother still more vigilant, entirely unsuspected either by Florenoe or Owen. Joe Bodger, having gained an inkling of the Mogford scheme at the Lion, regarded it ae a design to take the bread out of his own opeu mouth. But when, about 5 o olock, the clouds which had been lowering all day burst furiously over Rookfield, Joe rejoiced. If tbe Mogfords wore so ill- advised as_ to turn out they would secure only a ducking for their pains; nobody else was likely to follow their ^Accordingly, he himself turned in «t 11, and was lying listening to the rain pattering on the roof overhead, when he heard a door opened and olosed, and reaohed hie look-out juBb in time to see a tall, dark figure leave the Rate, to all appearances the same in every respect as usual, exoept that instead of, or, for all he could see, as well as, having the face hidden by a veil, an umbrella was hold low down over the head. Ardently as.Joe longed to follow he durst nob. Besides bbe obviouB difficulty that he was nob suibably clad ab the moment to brave the etorm; if the Mogfords defied the elements and watched there would ensue a fracas, from which ib were discreet if Joe absented himself. Meautimebhreeredheads,covered byasmany black hats, were bowed behind the churchyard wall, a few yards from tbe lyoh-gate. The rain beat piteouBly down upon them, causing Mogford senior to wish be bad left the hazard to iiis eons, whom no weather, good or bad, could have kept from the anticipated sport. "'Arf erter," ejaculated'John, as the Church clock struck half-past miduight. " How much more of it? that's what 1 d like to know," grumbled Mogford, trying to twist himself so that the rain should not find its way down his neck. "Hullo!" whispered John. I heard eummat!" , , Putting their beads close together they listened attentively. Yea. through the noise of the pouting rain they distinguished heavy, regular footsteps, approaching slowly. "Look here," murmured James, 'mo and f ather'll bide, while you go to gate, John. Then you'll tackle her, and"— "Not me, James. Mo and father 11 bido while you go on ahead." " Or maybe father'd be tho best.' suggested James, no longer ooveticg tho leadership. n "Stick together, one and all, I eay, an r wo rod Mogford. A thrill of suppressed excitement was com mon to the three. "Sho'sooming,1 whispered John. Raising their heads above the wall they all P Two eets of teeth ohattered, and Mogford, whose teeth wore for the most parb things of the past, quaked in his Bhoes. . There was the tall figure in blaok, just as Lizzie described ib, save that the face was hidden by an umbrella. Tbe pouring ram prevented the three watohere from clearly distinguishing any details, except the left hand hanging bare. Ab ib drew level with their ambush the Mogfords etooper lower and orept along under tbe shelter of the wall towards the lych-gate. Then Mogford aenior OP'wdew0n't stand no nonsense," said J amee. evincing a courteous desire to stay behind and ahub the gate; but the other* waited for him, and three abreaab they advanoed to meet the tall black flgure. Stopping right in front of \t they effectually barred the way. JNexb moment the umbrella was raised, and, to their utter astonishment and confusion, they found themselves face to face with Owen Fairford. He was olad in a long blaok mackintosh ; and, ■what with the darkness of the night, the blinding rain, and their pteoonoeived opinions, it had been quite easy to mistake hieaex. " Well." he exolaimed, " what do you want ? You appear to occupy a good deal of the highway." ... , „ Mogford felt that he was in a quandary. He I scarcely knew what explanation to offer, and, after rubbing hie head for some seconds in con fusion, stammered an apology, and, followed by his two sonaf'beab an undignified retreat. Ab he declared subsequently, you might have knooked him down with a feather; and his wife summed up the whole case— " Liz is just orazed," she eaid. But tho incidents of the night were not at an end yet. True to his word, Arnold for went had watched and waited in vaiu. If he had noli paid that visit to Forest Proepeot doubtless, as be continually told Florence, the woman would have oome forth and delivered herself irxto bis handB ere now. But to night seemed to him propitioue. Owen Fairfprd would not give him credit for suffioient peree veracoe to brave the elementa. It waa exactly the night to throw him off his guard, exactly the night to bring forth the woman whom his watobfulness bad reoently confined within doore. Accordingly, he oome out s little after half past 12, having waited till the last moment in order to reduce his inevitable ducking to the minimum, and took his stand beneath the eyoamore-tree, _ He ooold not eee rauoh through the slanting lines of rain; but about 1 o'olook, thinking he heard foorateps, he oraned his head forward, and perceiving a person in blaokon the point of entering the farther gate of Forest Pros peot, ran swiftly nlong^beside the hedge, and himself entered the nearer gate, hoping to in tercept the person before the front door could bo gained. Within a second of being too late, the door nearly closed, in his exoitement Arnold threw himself against it with all his force. It imme diately flew wido open, and, to his surprise, he waa confronted by Owen's stern, white face,. Still Arnold persisted. Planting his right foot upon the mat he attempted to make good his rntry. "Leave my house," said Owen, looking down upon him threateningly. But Arnold'-o blood was up, and be was not the mBn to be turned back by a threat, Ho stepped forward, and Owen immediately stepped baok, straightened his right arm, etruok the intruder fairly between the eyes, and sent him head long on to the gravel path. He foil upon his elbow, bent at an angle, and as the door waa closing a second time uttered a loud cry of pain. " Are you hurt ?" asked Owen, coming to his Bide. " (rood Lord! you have broken my arm 1" " What on earth did you mean by foraing your way into my house?" demanded Owen, placing his hands beneath Arnold's armpits to raise him. "Don't jaw," was the answer. "Give mo a handkerchief—just make a sling. "Look sharp, A little more, and I'm hanged if I Bhan't go elick oil." 