(input! .qtri|. THE FRIGATE BIRD. the ranges are bills of heaving blues, Mwmft mountains of white and black, He is seen by the home-bound vessel's crews, X| y My llUj Full sail on "nis viewless track ; >j) (f|f) (L< And in calm or storm, his stately form, iTSpn Like a sky ship seems to tack — Seems to fill, and wear, and tack. But never a reef in his wide-spread sail, Will the fearless frigate-bird take ; When the lofty ship scuds before the gale From the white wolves in her wake, And flies, bare-poles, with her freight of souls ; FreBh sail he seems to make — In derision fresh sail to make. And with swift, unflagging, resistless sweeps, His steady and sturdy wing, Cleaves the tempest, and sails the beetling steeps, Where the ships hove-to, but cling ; When they are but slaves to the winds and waves, The bold frigate bird is king — Is the indisputable king. Nor compass, nor chart, on his trackless way, Needs he when homeward bound ; Though his navigation's the same to-day As when the world was drowned ; Over landless seas, he steers with ease, To where his mate is found — To where his callon brood is found. A thousand miles are as nought to him When he steers for his distant nest ; The swiftest vessels men make to swim To the need6 of their mad unrest, Five leagues to one he could out-run, When doing their level best — Steam, and sail, at their level best. Twice a tall man's stature, from tip to tip, Are his curved sails in their spread ; Still, as he passes the lumb'ring ship And speeds to the clouds ahead, He skims as light, as the petrel mite, That is, in the white- wake fed — That by the superstitious is fed. When the sailor, whistling, prays a breeze From St. Antony, of his boast, All heedless of saints, he skims the seaB Of the cloud cape's changing coast ; And some maintain, who sail the main, He's the Flying Dutchman's ghost — Av — thfi crhnnh nf a. timp.lnirl crLnst. And that never he rests on his circling track, In his search for blissful lest ; That he has but the baseless wind-rent rack Of the black clouds, for a neBt ; And that night and day he is doomed for aye To a hopeless, bootless quest — An eternal, homeless queBt. Oh, midnight sailor, what sounds, and sights, Fill your ears, and meet your gaze ; When you miss the gleam of the sunken lights, Or sweep past the baleful blaze Of the ship on fire, when man's desire, To man all vainly prays — For deliverance vainly prays. Could you but speak, oh frigate bird, what tales You could tell of wrecks accursed — Of the men who had conquered cruel gales On rafts, but to die of thirst ; How you bade hope sing, when your distant wing To a sail mad fancy nursed — To a rescuing frigate nursed. How the tiger sprang aboard the raft, To the hail that was but a screech ; And how some while choking, babbling laughed, Over drinks far from their reach, Till at last they died on the burning tide ; Ah, 'tis well you have no speech — No horrid articulate speech. To tell us how proud creation's king Can be worse than the brutes we track ; And how to the terrible ghoulish thing, Even white man can fall back ; How, when lots they draw, they'll adjust the straw That the lot falls to the black — Oh ! frigate bird 1 falls to the black. Port Adelaide, October 5, 1891. GEORGE MATSON. The sailor whistles, and then exclaims : — ' Blow! blow 1 good St. Antony, oh !" I have often heard it, and I think the practice was taken , from the Italian sailors, of whom St. Antony was the Patron Saint. Any way, it was quite common during calms. 