' WOREiES OF AW&AIN;' ' GISf-. - ' I It : was .the traia-d:patoh9r r fcura- toitell. a story and this was the ' one bb told : ' I- : was Working on. a western roadih l880, and; I' had a ionarhifirht trick.' 7 The ' scotion of irohd over which' I worked waf ' a. !bi'g 'pjbe . ; jit-was d single: track' read and; as'' traffic jwas very heavy, it' kept 'ih»e fin?y all the time. " ' : -; ' '- ' ,:1 ' Oue week1 in February there was a very 1 heavy fall "of snow and the trains ail got y : bel-iud.1 I' wub" ait my wit's end and one Ixjight — it was Wednesday, February 16,1 wffi:never fbrget that date— I was trying. : to handle a heavy eastbo'iad passenger aid a westbound pass e h'ger that was fully as heavy. The eastbonnd train was 'way be- I bind,'and the westbound train had started out on time. I gave the engineer of th9 ! westbound train an order to rnu to a cer- i tain station, and when I got a report from the eastbonnd ; train I ordered tnat engi neer to go to a certain station and ran on aslidiag toalow the other train to pass. I was busy with a oouple of freighi's at the time; and whto I got through and had time to think it flashed upon me that I had. given what1 we cail a la'p . order. ThatiB, the two trains woald have to pass each other .on -the same track, if .my instructions iwere oarrisd out. I "don' t suppose that I would have felt so badj is.-I hal4ksown that 1 was gomg to be'killed " that minute. The room swam betore my, eyes ond I nearly fainted from fright. I took a big .drink of iwate'r and.wired'the nearesfstatibn's. " Both jrcported that the l'r. ins i had-' left, all right. , iTfaera was a stretch of . irao, fifteen miles jlong between the statibiiej' aiid. I sat thVro limowing that somewhire' CnthatlSft'eeii :mila$ those ;twp:trains would go 'together and ! .would ha. the cause, of thedeath of IperhapB a score of pcraous, j r,Tha't-was,toemb8t;!awfal five minuses ;I ever expect to" pas3: through.; I tried ' to think and- 1 couldn't'.' My first 'impulse iw'asto run away, .1 grabbed npi-' my' coat and.hat and was -about to go. ' Then I de cided that . I' would stay" and' take the con sequences, I sat down , by my. desk and stored at" the clock. , Every timq. the ' tele graph instrument clicked Tthpajght u . was. bringing tidiUgs :df a fbafful wraok. T pic tured to myself the eoanes- wheiH the- tWo trains oraahed together, - as 1 1 knew they must, for there was. no way to roach thorn; and every, minute seemed , like au eternity. I'5«teB ; peiijB as ' a ghost, and hud nqt lthe':, sttength to a handle ; tbe ! key. Great drops ! of "Iweaf"' rolled off iny forehead. I liyqd: a century at that desk daring that ' half hour.:;- . ) : Two or three times the; -impalae - to ran away came over me, bat I fought 'it back. ' Then I began1 to think of killing" myself. I did not think I could live and khow that I had ;tnade .a blunder -with isuchcdisastrous coideqqencea. , I lbpk.ed around , for a pistol but there was nonb there. I even pioked. np my paperbuttec and put- it ' to 'toy 1 throat. My-nofve wasgonehowevor, and "I' did nbt i have the courage to oat my throat. '' I ' prayed that someone would, .come in .and : kill vtoe, but nobody _ came, i'.obtildn'i: sit. in'my ' chair, and cronched do wn' in ' a heap on' the floor and held my' hands over my ears1 S0j 'that. I might not hear—the terrible tilings that: sooner or later; I knet wonld .»-."« -- ' t l -r 'As I was huddled thers 'I- -heard- the operator at the. station frpp -jiuch'; I/.'seht the esBtbomad tr'ainpling. me,: iGa' was: his cafl, and, he »ptote47it ,abQufc : a dozen, timie. ' Here it eomes I thought; ahd, by a supreme enort, l got over to the desk and tried to answer the man who was calling!. It ' "took- me ' > five minhtes r to get sufficient control of ; my nerves to answer" the ' ball: Then I sank b&k;'ihviny' ohbir and waited to hear toe news, of death und.rieBkruotipu. 1 No ' 12,', ho wired, meaning." the. eastboond train, ' is backing into"; the station.'' What's , np?- ; 1 It seemed as if Pike's Peak-had .been, lifted off my chest. I jumped. UP. aQ shouted like a crazyiman: ;lt Happened thai the trains Urere -running altfw, and had come aoross eaoh otker pn a straight pieoa of tracb,;bad seen eaoh' bther and had had time to atop before running into each other, I was given .a 30 -day. lay-off for :the blunder, .bat; I didn't kick. It took me. all : of; t Hat Iti'me 1 to get my/nervea straightened ', out.'—/. Lyne..,: ... i 