ELECTORAL FOOTBALL. (BY "THE CYNIC.") A good deal of needless noise has been made about Electoral football, or in other words, local football. The latter is to my mind far more desirable than what one understands by Electoral football, and in dealing with the proposed new gospel here I shall use the term local. At the onset I might mention that few have given more time and attention to the question of localising cricket, long before that event came to pass and since it has been on trial. A great deal of the same ground must necessarily be travelled over as has already been trod by those who introduced Elec- toral cricket. We shall just examine the question coolly, without exhibiting any bias either for or against it. In the first place, What is local foot- ball? Is it not football played upon local grounds between clubs bearing the names of localities? Of course it is. Personally I am an ardent advocate of the localisation as far as practicable of all games. Such a thing enlists the much-needed support of the residents in their own pet club; from which it smoothly spreads to the game in general. It is the keen enthusiasm evinced by the public which kindles up the glorious rivalry between the crack Rugby teams while they are battling against each other on the green turf. It is the presence of onlookers keenly worked up to a high pitch of enthusiasm that holds the votaries of most sports, enchants them, and creates that spirit of fierce rivalry men feel so strongly on the athletic field. Would New South Wales ever have played that memorable match with such wonderful dash against our friends of New Zealand if the ground had been deserted — if the benches had not held those myriads? No, a thousand times, no. But we must not allow our enthusiasm to run riot over our reason. We must not jump to the conclusion that because local football is a glorious thing to contemplate it is to be introduced at one great swoop. Few, indeed, can deny and use logical arguments in support of the theory that local football is not to be devoutly desired. Still, while recognising what a grand thing it would be for the game, the time is not ripe for it to be introduced at once without proper pre- paration. The huge stumbling block in the way of localising the winter game is the scarcity of proper grounds. This has proved a great handicap in cricket; but in football it will be found far more difficult to overcome. As the good old Rugby game is now played in Sydney, you can get a pretty good view of the best matches; and, if you take note, the attendances are large, too — very large. If you also are at all closely observant, you will see how enjoyable it is for the participants to get into the centre of an enclosure, and look at the boundary lines free from the rush of excited par- tisans. You recollect a few years back, the days of the Balmains and the Gordons — good old clubs— now extinct. What miserable matches from any standpoint were played between 'Varsity and Walla- roo, Balmain and Wallaroo, &c;, on the open park. If you even now listen to the tales unfolded by the members of a visiting team to a suburban opponents' stronghold, your very blood will curdle. They will tell you that the barruckers did not give them a ghost of a show; that the umpire, and even they themselves, were terrified at the conduct of the onlookers. Strangely enough, all classes are mixed up under the category of barrackers who thus offend. The unruly larrikin is often no worse than the decorously dressed 're- spectable' young man, and really the very persons who ought to know better are frequently the worst offenders. Just pic- ture 'Varsity and Randwick, or 'Varsity and Wallaroo, playing on an open ground! Why, such a game in these days of Rugby popularity could never be played. Electoral football is like a gilded pill. It . is easily swallowed if you do not examine it. Go into the thing carefully, and you must admit, before a scheme of any real benefit to the game can be consummated, enclosed grounds must be obtained. A system of football termed Electoral may easily be introduced, but then the matches will have to be played on the two enclosed grounds mentioned above. That is a move which would very probably do foot- ball little or no good. Instead of localising, it would centralise the game. The attendance would not be increased under any circumstances, for cosmopolitan clubs draw the people from all quarters. One of the reasons for this attraction is that they get good football to watch. But if the number of clubs be very largely in- creased, it may be taken as a matter of course that the class of football will considerably deteriorate; and that grounds will also have to be provided. Then many of the onlookers would soon lose their enthusiasm. The advocates of the introduction of local football this season appear to be firmly wedded to the residential qualifica- tion theory. If you go away from home and examine the method in vogue in cities where sports of this nature have caught on with the people, you will dis- cover that no such restriction exists. Why in Melbourne players reside where they please. A resident of Carlton might . play with South Melbourne, and one who lives at Fitzroy with Carlton. When one first considers the question he is inclined to view with favor the restriction as to residence, but afterwards he will see that there is really nothing in it. The great thing in local football is to play the game under the very noses of the people. That is how the Melburnians have popularised their game, and we surely are not too proud to take a leaf out of such an esti- mable book. 