SUPERSTITION BEVTVED. It says little tar the intellectual progress of the human raee when we find that no 'sooner does one form of superstition and ignorance die" out than another form springs np in its place. We have. -well-nigh got rid of a belief in ghosts, haunted honses," and all that sort of thing, thongh it required many hundred years to accomplish that much. Witchcraft, too, is no longer believed in, or if such belief does still linger -in a few secluded nooks and comers of the old country, it does not appear to have been, transplanted to Australia. Bnt, if those follies and Bupers fcitions are rapidly becoming memories of the past, we have abundant evidence that they need only be revived and presented in new forms to be greedily recei ved as worthy of credence—not by ignorant people only, but by persons of education and culture. The earliest revivals of these follies, put into new dresses, dafce *iear!y fifty yeare back, when " jtable-turaing," " spirit-rapping,"" " slate-wriiang" ity invisible spirits, etc., tnraed" the heads." of greait. numbers of mindedpepple. "" howev;er,were ei to have : pone entirely out -of IJien spirit i" mediums" were in- vented. That is, as. civilisation advanced, and ; inventions?' multiplied, and the startling revelations of science followed each other with a rapidity that almost took away people's breathj direct tionsW' presence as^that^ became "" J iA^s^i^zsjoarh^di^eati _ i>efoie " chocolates" can ie eaten and received imto a ttomach—if all this a ra •can lie accompliBhed, what then is ix> prerant the medinm from retaining these '"OiBsieB" and " Creordies" lii the-jworld altogether. When they have jraen once got hold of,' whylet them go again P Where is the good of going to all this trouble for nothing-? It would do mnch to beget a general belief in the extraordinary powers MTS MEIMN and her kind claim for themselves if, when once they have produced these •wonderfnl " materialisationE," they wonld trot " Geordie" ont a - little. "Why not let hiin sit down in the rooni and havfi a chat-with people ? Or, better still, take him- do wn stairs and give him a good dinner. Poor fellow, he miist wantTone badly enongh after all, the knocking ah oat he has had. If " Ciseie "is indulged with ^her choco lates, why not let poor ." G^ordi^" have a good beef steak and a piht of brown stoat—«ven if "he were melted down and sent back to the land of shades before toasting time ? Bat there, is another--grave oversight which is committed. Everybody knows'that if -mankind "Seels greater corioaty . about' ^one thing than another, it is -abont what we. are pleased to call the occult world.- No doubt each one of ns would like to lift np a corner of the curtain and have a peep. Whether it wonld.be obd^or is iis^a difere^Jhing^-^tM cetbf n8Wo"uId4aldB ti^'iislSi^RoW: here is Mrs MEELON and members of the elect have been as femiliar with {jissie, :CKeordie,' and Josephine as it is possible to be, and yet, so far as we know, no attempt has ever been made to "draw them oat"—to get at the grand secret we all wonld like to know. Sorely Cissie might have been , bribed with a packet of chocolates to take back -with her, she appears to have been so fond of them. Then there is Aberdeen Geordie, might not he have been drawn by the proffer of a bottle of Scotch whiskey ? Evidently Mrs MELLON and her friends have been remiss in these and —some other matters. It may not be generally known that, nearly fifty years ago, G-EOBGE CaTHESHAKKthe elderpnblished in the London papers his ideas about ghosts, It was called " the clothes test." Admitting, atgaed Mr CBUIKSHAKE, the possibility of a" disembodied spirit's return to earth, and making itself visible to human eyes, it would e, be a " shape" and nothing more. It -wonld assume the form and features of the man or woman, whose " ghost' ! it was, and it could only do this in virtne of file immortality of the soul But "ghosts" never yet appeared naked—they are always clothed in some way, and as clothes are not immortal there can be no ghosts of clothes. This "clothes test" completely demolished the ghost, or spirit imposture. We do believe in the existence of spirits, though we doubt greatly Mrs MELLON'S ability either to make them visible, or even to sommon them back. Bat we utterly deny her power to create—that is, to manufacture garments for them. Things which do not exist she cannot produce, and as the spirits' clothes are of earth, her " spirits" also most be the same. . THS COBJLW . CONCERT.—In supplying the report of the school concert held at Cobaw on Thursday last our correspondent inadvertently omitted to state that Miss Ida Gibbs «ang with .excellent taste and feeling the ballad " Little Nell" A SOBDWT DEATH —We regret to have to record the death of Mr Wm Clare Money, who expired at bis residence, Simpson street, at about 5 o'clock on Mjunday morning. The deceased, who at the time of his death was 69 yean of age, had been ailing for. some weeks past, bnt there did not appear to be anything serious the matter with him. On Sunday, about midnight, he complained of pains, and Dr Pes tell, jun, was summoned. Thedoctoratonce pronounced the case one of apoplexy, and though be held out but little hope he did all he could for his patient, who gradually became worse, and expired as stated. .'The deceased, who was a native of Norfolk, England, was "old colonist fie came lt, to the colony in 1854, and was for three years a warder in the "Sana Bend Lunatic Afjduin. . He came to Kyneton about 20 years ago. and for tbe last 19 yearo he had been continuously in the employment of the proprietors of the: OBSEBVIK. Throughout bis life he bore an excellent character, and his JOBS is felt by all who knew him. SE was married about five years ago, and leaves a widow to mourn his loss. The funeral will take place . to-morrow, and will take •tart from bis late -residence, Simpson street, at 3 o'clock. THE HRBEENIAS CABMIVAL.—We would again remind our readersthat the Hibernian Carnival, consisting of races and athletic sports, will be held to-morrow on the Kyneton Racecourse. A capital programme has been prepared,: and as the charges for admission. are -very reasonable, there sbonld be a large attendance. In the evening there will be-a concert in the Mechanics' in connection with, the carnival, at which such favourites as Mr Will Elder .and Miss "Rftse Blayney rill appear. . . BUGGY ACCIDENT.—AS Mr AINT«.NA»R MTherson, . pi Tylden, was driving into Kyneton yesterday morning be met with rather a serions. accident. When about hdf a mile from tie Kyneton Station, he met eomeswagmen. who had a packhorae with them winch was following them unled, and when Mr M'Vherson came alongside tiiis horse it caused his own to swerve, anil in doing so it overturned the buggy,' and he and bis wife and child, who were with him, were thrownout. Mr M'Pherson was cut on the nose and right hand, and he is also suffering from a severe pain in .his back. Mrs M'Pherson tad her right lip joint rather badly bruised. The little fehild,which is£re years of age, jfas iound onderneatii the boggy, and Was oowsso FIAWSB SHOW. —Splenfl__ 98 havebeen received in all classes for- ahow. There IB great rivalry in. class for bougnets, overa aoore of having been rocoved for jjiat jBection alone; fifty entries have been made far the poultry and to acknowledge pigeon sections. a donation ' i:— Slie of eesretuv -i balf ir ^ _ desires -„ . • from T>r tinea towards theprize funds. " BLAIE iof longest standi: i an illuminated J , and au-opal elet and brooch ^ '— L \ and the ficent view Mr Robert correspondent late.-^day, ewhella.J'eJ?^ nuuvSSyeats^ ^saBjMi^ai: ijtoa^ua.^f Wjuisi^p^Mpll^&t; una ad i right to the ^ettang a AoprooNT A.T T'AkiliAi.B.—On Thureday painful accident ibefel Sir John Hunter, a i esident of TaraddS^ who was engaged with nnmber <if otbfer *3iien in clearing what is tnoi«Ji^as"Boundy'fi flume,"inthe Coliban. p water TOCfc - A large redgum^plank fell on tbe : ieshy„ps.rt of one cif his arms, seriously.' t soie sinews, and ^caiimng Snnch pain. -Omn^ to Jewelling it; has not' yet - teen ascertained, whether 'any bones axe broken. AH INFIATEHTIAI <>ATKEEING.—In accordance with a resolution of the Metcalfe Shire Council, passed at its last meeting, writes the lL A. Mail, a public meeting condemnatory of the . proposed Government XiEtnd Tax . was Ijeld. Cr Cooney (president), in the chair. There were only. «oght persons present, and resolutions were •unanimously ^arried agaihst t&e; Government proposaL It was also decided-jto send rounds petition for signature in bppositioD tp the Tax. , / TBENTEAJT JJACES-—Entries for the Trial S takes and handicap events at the Trentham Amatenr Tnrf Clob maeting to be held on ihe28th inst.,'will close on Thursday next, 20th insfc. ' ^ 3JAINPAI.I. AS? TAEADALB.—In Taradale 4he rainfall -on Friday was very alight, but .about the Hnmbolt and Belltopper Ranges, and Drummond, the water fell in an almost unbroken sheet. ' So, £eavy was the downpout on these ranges that it carried tons of dead timber down their slopes, and the miscellaneous, freight of the torrent _was borne on rapidly through the township to where the Back Creek meets with the Colifean xiver, »Mch above the junction WBB in 310 way affected. Several narrow escapes from drowning are reported.-. In one, instance, in Taradale, a Chinaman, Who was working on the edge of the -creek/ waB enddenly Borrounded, and wofild, no doubt, have been swept away to certain -death,vbnt. Who jBtBted ihe'swdleii. him to a place of safety. Spmnr fiAlsoiG.-^There*was u immense gathering at -the Rijoii .Theatre on Sunday night, when Mr 'T. ii "Henry demonstrated what he termed Mr Mellon's alleged spirit materialisations, which he said was humbug. At the close of th? lecture Professor Davis repeated his materialisation by trickery of •Josephine, Cissie, and (Jeordie, as originally shown by him at the Waxworks. A committee of well-known citizens superintended the arrangements, and was perfectly satisfied that the professor carried out Ins work without the aid of any confederate. ME. PRATT EESIONS.—Yesterday morning Mr Pratt, one of the honorary Upper House Ministers, followed the example of Sir Frederick Sargood and resigned hiB portfolio. The new members of theW.rament, from the Legislative Omncil, in the place of Sir P. Sargood and Mr Pratt, writes die Herald, will probably be Mr Levi and Mr George Davis. YILIUO-S SHTTL-EIEEMS. —The following notification appears in the Government Cfaxette: Permits to occupy under the Settle ments on LandAct, 1893, have been granted to the following:—Thomas Burns, John Greenwood, John Hewitt, Thomas Kearney. J. H. Leek, John Moore, senz., G. Slupanin, Bullarto; George Carston, Macedon, and Mark Grundy, Trentham. The permits to occupy of the following under the Village Settlements Act have been revoked —Wm. Carter and H. Mnlholland, He- wham; and Thomas Chambers, Macedon. THE AEBTENTJLK ATROCITIES.—The Porte has agreed that the British, Russian and French consuls at Erzeroum shall take part in tie inquiry into the recent atrocities in Armenia. The Sultan has, however, withdrawn his invitation to the United States to be represented on the Turkish commission of inquiry. The powers forming the Triple Alliance, Germany, Austria, and Italy, have declined to take any part in the inquiry.— Cablegram. GOOD ADVICS. —The Earl of Bosebery, who has been showing a good deal of political activity lately, delivered another important speech on Friday night at Stratrord, near London. "He advised the independent labour party to coalesce with the Liberals instead of acting as a separate organisation. The Liberal party, he said, were determined to deal with questions in a thorough-going manner, though they were unable to accept the programme sanctioned by the recent Trades Union Congress at Norwich, The Prime Minister promised that a Bill -should be introduced next session'for the unification of the city and qounty. of Xondon. . RESIGNATION bk THE MINISTER .DEFENCE,—The announcement was made on Monday morning that Sir Frederick Sargood, the Minister of Defence, had tendered bis resignation. The action of Sir Frederick Sargood, though sodden, should hardly have occasioned surprise, as it was notorious that Sir Frederick was too Conservative in his views to be in touch with his Liberal colleagues. Sir Frederick Sargood himself seems to have at last realised his anomalous position, and taking advan« fcage of the amendments made in the Taxation Bill, has -withdrawn from the Government. He sets forth in emphatic terms, in a letter to the premier, tendering his resignation the privileges of the Council with regard to amending bills. He claims that the changes mads last week in the taxation bill renouncoa>the authority of the Upper Chamber to dad with clauses which -do not " impose a duty," and out of consideration for the body he represents therefore he has no alternative but to resign bis portfolio. CHINA AND JAPAN.—The following are the latest items to hand per cable;—The winter has now thoroughly set in in Manchoorifttand in order to facilitate th e movements of the Japanese troops in that country, thousands of sledges have been despatched from Japan. The latest hews from the seat of war in Idancbooria states that a Japanese force under General Tachili has sustained a check at Hensakani. The Chinese, acting on the ofEensive, attacked the invaders, and some severe fighting took place. Further details are to hand respecting the fighting in Mauchooria. An advanced force of the Japanese en<> countered 5000 Chinese , at Funghwangching. The Japanese feciipied a etrong defensive position, bnfc the Chinese bought well, and the engagement between the hostile iorcee was very severe: It is probable that Li Hung Chang, the "Viceroy of Pechilv who has regained his. influence at Pekin, ' ^ill - ba Eeut to Japan as special envoy tbiB^gotiate terms peace.- The Japanese -Governmeht Is about to raise a further internal war loan of 50,OOO.OOOdoL flOflOOjOOO).: ' : -/-'y- - : .: A^yBTEKAH PoMixicAK.—" Mosqcdto" in the Bendigo Independent writes: Since M Longmore casus "back, matters .in . the 4 ssembly ;have on one or two occasions been liveiiedOp pretty nicely. TKe<dd inaii has thrown in a le w of those exasperating inter- -jectioris and made a few o£ those characteristicbbserwrtunsatwhichlhe^^^^^ nsed to »etoft^)h " " " •fwlimite'liBlaiaL'.. of viewl coinddedin.however.'b; " '* l; payment »T boHi the present and tiie new SS^BforifflglA.^htba i ^asa be ^^nMewthepip^ ibeamount involved—260,000—was wanted iby wUly WHBIHIO chiof Zoonaderatjonif^ie Jjand Tiax waB new -taxation for „.iandhoWers jqii ^ THE NEW <JOVBRNO&.—The Government ntend passing through . the - Legislative ssembly to-day the biU- io .reduce "the alary of the next Govsrnor, - The salary at r^ntalloFed is £10,000per annum, but he Ministry will Esk the House to'reduce it o £7,000. wis nndersto6d,'iinwever, that the labour - party will move fliat tie amount be jeSjOOO. When addressing the y «n& of SeptemberjSSir. James P&tterson;'announced that ie had that day written to the Secretary of State for the Colonies stating that it was the intention of his Government to introduce a bill to reduce the salary of the next Governor, and that any appointment of a successor to the Earl of Hopetonn would have to be made on that understanding.' As this letter must have reached the Imperial Government prior to last week it is anticipated that if the statement that Lord Brassey is to be our next Governor is true his appointment has been made subject to a proposed reduction in the salary. BUTTBB EXPORTS.—A shipment of 213 tons of batter was.forwarded to Xjondon by the Agricultural department on Saturday by the E.M.S. Australia. During this Week an accumulation of butter, amounting to 400 tons, which the mail steamers were unable during the last two or three weeks to find space for in the cool chambers, will be despatched to London by the as. Maori King. 