A NEW NERO,. (Published by Speoial Arr~angemont with \- Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowdon, Ltd.) THE STORY OF' HAROLD MOUNTSTUART'S LIFE. OCHAPTER V.-(Continiud.) 'Then I'll hang!' 'Let go my coat!' 'Not till you swear you'll marry the girl you've brought shame on !' SEgerton struck out, then ;;I vaguely saw him do so. Afterward they rappled, and in a few seconds they Here was my time. I darted out of the covert in which I had been crouching. The light was still strong enough to let me see Egerton's face, where it gleamed pale and rageful. Already I had drawn out my pistol; quick asthoughtIset themuzzle within a few inches of his forehead, and fired He dropped lifeless in Mark's arms.. Mark, horrified, released him and turned on me. Then came my crucial moment. I knew that Egerton was dead. The point was now to get pos session of Mark's pistol (which I had heard him say that he carried) and to escape with it, leaving my own on the ground. Like a flash I was at his throat, and I must here state that in the ensuing contest my sudden appear ance, and the extraordinary surprise it had evoked were of immense aid to me. I imagine a sort of faintness 'overcame Mark, or that perhaps the clutch of my fiugers at his thrdat wrought with him some unnerving strangulation. With unforeseen speed my left hand had found his pistol in a skirt-pocket of his coat. Leaping up from him, after having secured this treasure, I fled many yards away, and then (doubtless most imprudently) ,paused. I was well in shadow of the porch now. I saw the main door open, and two figures outlined in the shaft of light that broke down across the steps from threshold to lawn. They were servants, of course, whom the pistol shot had alarmed. And by this same illumination I discerned Mark, strug gling dazedly to his feet, like a man who has seen a ghost and felt on his cheek its unearthly breath. SThis was enough. Certain that the new-arriving servants had-not seeoon me, I darted away. The gloom was now very deep. But I knew whither I harried. This fine domain of Gray don, which I had determined one day to possess, was familiar enough for that, oven in the thickening darkness :wvherethrough I strove'to escape from it. OHAPTER VI. The next morning, thoroughly ox hausted, I took a northward bound train at a station seven oreight miles away.,from the scene of my second crisPe. In , the railway carriage, *iiocl luckily .I shared yWith no "one else, my slumber .was so heavy that the guards had to awake me once or twice for my tickets, and finally at Liverpool to awake me once again. Thence I took another train .for Edinburgh, where I soon had .evidences that my stained skin was commonoing to resume its natural colour. On this aooount I changed my hotel several times while I was in "the Scotch capital, and so gradually .becanme my natural self again without 'attracting the least suspiclion. : By this time I had read various .newspaper accounts. of the brutal murder of my eousin Egerton, by the son of his gamekeeper. Thore was but one opinion on the subject of this !bloody act: Mayk Crangge, the de liberate and daring assaossin, should undoubtedly swing for it, He had been -brazen' onough to assert his innoconoo-to deolare that someone olse did the deed, afterward rushing away from him in the darkness. Of .course this dragging-in of a mysterious third party was the most lame and audacious lie, Fifty people had heard Mark Origgo swear that lhe would kill Mr, Mountatunart; he had boon sooeen watching the house hours proe viously; a pistol, too, plainly his own, was found at Mr. Mountatuart's side, with one barrel discharged, Never indeeood, afllrmedan influential journal, Swas theoro a moro flagrant ease of mllooie and fury wreaking itself upon an Euglish gentleman of high position and cleanly record; The girl, this jourrnal pursued, had borno an evil reputation in the neighbourhood for several years, This fact had. trans. pired at the inquost, ' and would undoubtedly toll in a torrible way at , tho trial, I returned to'London, and quietly rtold all oncuirlvg friends that lihad boon 'down in Scotland for a few dnayse' No one, as far as I could see, gave this oexplanation of my absence a second thought, A mnun ofl my youth antd financolal freedom naturally camo aud wont as ihe pleased, I oould not put on mourning for my cousin sinceu I al'oady woro it for hi father, My oxpronesion oxf indignation at the mur. dC' draw forth much sympathy,. I noon went to Graydon Iall, nnd on mooting young Blanuhe explained to her that I would surely have attended the funeratl of her brother it an unfor tunato carolosenose had not provoented me four doing more than scan the nowspapeors whileo I was in the North, A hort time before his dueath Egorton had made a will, buqluoathlug oeverything to his sister Blnellho, whom he thad aIlways tenderly loved. This young girl was now the mistrooss of Grd on ?all, andl the possnessor of half a million pounds atorlilg, though to look on her one could soaruoly roealIso the dignifying fact, It indedoo she reallued it, the effecot whlich it wrought upon her was only one of greater meekness and ,weotnenn than had yet marked her manner gor E ton's death lhad shocked her horribly, 'I feel, dear Harold,' she said to mne, with her pale grey eyes swimming in tears, 'as if I should bear this last awful bereavement till the hour of my death.' 'Poor, darling Blanche,' I said, taking her delicate hand and. warmly pressing it, ' your trolbles h;ive indeed been bitter! No one feels for you more acutely than I do-no one, I believe, feels for you half so much! Mfy compassion is boundless, dear girl! I would move 'heaven and earth if I could only lesson your sufferings ! '. 'How sweetof you:- how like your large true heart!' Blanche murmured; and her head sank for. a moment on my breast. 'Father always said of you that you had the kindest and most generous of natures !' (To be cont2inued.) 