ST. GEORGE'S CHURCH. GAWLER. CONSECRATION SERVICES. Gawler, April 23. Services in connection with the consecration services of St. George's Church were held on Sunday and Monday, and among those who attended were the leading clergy of the Angi- can communion "> c colony. Included in the nnmber present were the bishop, the dean. Archdeacons Morse, Dove, and French, the Bats: B. C. Stephenson, R. B. Webb, S. J. Bloyd, T. Ward. T. Field, F. W. Samwell, F. W. Wilkinson, L- Duma E. H. Seatunun, T. Blackburn, E. K. Miller, M. Williams, W. A. Swan, W. H. Mudie, J. G. Pitcher, W. A. Moore, and G. E- Young. On Sunday the morning service was con ducted by Archdeacon French, who preached an able sermon from St John xix., 37, "They shall look on Him whom they pierced," A special children's service was held in the afternoon, at which the same speaker gave aa interesting address to a large nnmber of children and their friends. In the evening the building was taxed to its utmost seating capacity, the services being conducted by tfae bishop. Taking for bis test Ephesiau? vl, 32, " He spoke concerning Christ and the Church," Dr. Kennion gave a historical account of the early difficulties of the Church of England, and quoted largely from an edition of Professor Bameay, a leading Presbyterian divine in England, showing that throughout his ministrations St. Paul took the Boman cities for his missionary work princi pally on account of the ad vantages they afforded tor the spreading of the Gospel. His lord ship was listened to with dose attention throughout, The services were folly choral, and the special singing given by the Cathedral choir, under Mr, Dorm, was thoroughly appreciated. During the conse cration service on Monday they gave a beautiful rendering of the anthem "God is a spirit," which was greatly enjoyed. HBTOBY OF ST. GEORGE'S CHUBCH. Sr. George's Church, Gawler, is one of the oldest and finest buildings in the diocese, mating accommodation being provided for nearly 700. The foundation- stone of the original building was laid on January 6,1858, by the late Mrs. Short, die wife of the Bishop of Adelaide, and that of the transept and chancel by Mrs. Kennion on December 4,18&4. The dedication service of the latter part of the edifice took place on July 12, 1885, Bishop Tvimninft officiating on the occasion. The original design for the church, by Mr. B. A. W^miiton, has with one or two minor exceptions been strictly "■■"**?*"'"■'< The building is of the early English style of the I thirteenth century, is an imposing structure and one of the touting- plaoss of interest to -visitors to the town. Between £11,000 and £12,000 hare been spent upon the edifice up to the present time, inclusive ot £400, the cost of s fine organ, which does much to add to the beauty of the interior of the building. The transept and «**n""l added to the original building were completed in July, ISBS, at a cost of £1,000, and this amount has been paid. Tnere is still a good deal to be done in the matter of interior decoration, the eastern windows having still to be finished. The design intended for these windows is St. George and the dragon. On the northern and southern sides many stained windows have been placed in position, inclnding one hearing the arms of Colonel George Gawler, which have also been adopted by the Gawler Cor. poration far the town. Gnat credit is dne to the ladies in oonneo tkm with the church for labor spent and time given at different times to free the church ot debt, more especially for their efforts in con nection with the late bazaar through which an amount of over £200 was raised. It is a matter for great congratulation to Canon and Mrs. Coombs that they have reached the day upon which their hopes have been 'con summated. It ib about 48 years since Canon j Coombs commenced his work in the town in connection with the church. It was intended to have had the corbels over the pulpit finished in time tot the oonse exation, bat the services of the sculptor who lias been engaged to cany oat the work have not been at the disposal of Mr. Hdwell. die architect, to enable this to be done in time, but it will be proceeded with almost im mediately. Towards this object Mrs. I*. IX Chapman has promised £15, and the canon £5, and these will cover the cost of the work. The square tower, to contain a peal of balls, at the western end of die building, v still to be finished, and no doubc a special effort will be made in the near future to complete the work.' COSSECEATION DAY. Monday being St George's Day the services' for the consecration of the chnroh were con tinued. At half-past 10 o'clock the consecra tion service was """p^—ww^i Tbs building was crowded, whilst outside then was also ? large assemblage. The bishop, accompanied by the attendant and visiting clergy and laity, proceeded to the western entrance of the church in the following order: — The Committee of St. George's Charon. Choir. Clergy. The Lord Bishop. After the reception at the door by the officers of the church, the petition for conse cration of the church wm presented to the bishop, who ordered it to be read, and lihi . lordship signified his consent to the conseorataon of the chuxob. The biehop and cjtroreh wardens them proceeded up the aisle to the altar chanting the 24th Psalm, at the close which the deads of St. George^ Chnroh were presented to Dr. Kennioo, together with the petition, and laid npon the communion table. The Bishop then read the customary'prayers and gave the consecration Waesinc. The sen tence of oonsearation was read by the regis trar, being signed by the bishop and ordered by him together with tea petition and other deeds to be duly recorded in the diocesan ragJ?tiy. , I His Lobdship then declared "St. George's Church to be now consecrated and set apart to God for ever, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Mth and 122 nd Taiics having been chanted the lessons for the service were then read, namely, Ist Kings, viii, vases 22 to 62. and Hevelations, "i The Sacrament of Holy Communion was then celebrated, and aiarge Tmnnfr""* of iyl"l*^*"l "**"** attended. THE iCNCHEOX. After the acriiutg die visitors, accompanied by the leading members of the church, adjourned to Sk George's schoolroom, where luncheon was provided. The tables were most tastefully arranged, T^q yfr^irnpni bv\ fM^ffi specially renovated for tie occasion, and w&c; beautifully decorated with flowers and bunt ings After justice had been done to the good things provided, various toasts were honored. Canon Coombs gave "The Qaeen and the Church."' The extension of the Church of T*—E*M"* would always be associated with the reign of Queen Victoria, who was the tem poral bead of the Church, and of all who called or prononncfd themwl yea Christians. It was with her Majesty's reign that all die most progressive years ot die Church would ever be associated. The toast was duly honored. Mr. James M&bxet; proposed " The Lord Bishop." On the previous day his lordship had given them what he considered to be a sermon of an extremely useful character oonoerning the history of die Church of England. They had been told of the Englishmen who in the early centuries fought for the Church, and how on the invasion by die Angles they were driven into the mountains of Wales **v 1 into diat pretty little plaoe called Cornwall. (LaugHter.) Did it not enow bow determined they were to | fight for the truth against paganism'? (Cheers.) The bishop was trying to induce the people in this country to fight for toe truth. (Cheers.) He was sorry that 'in his efforts for the extension of Church work his lordship had been some what hampered through want of funds. He hoped that die times would soon mend and that die bishop would be able to carry out the ! wishes that were so dear to his heart. (Cheers.) He hoped he would be long spared to minister in. die diocese. (Cheers.) He was more than glad to see their dear old pastor. Canon Coombs—(cheers) —among them that day. Hehad worked solely for St. George's Church for the past 48 years, and he had lived to see the consummation of his desires. (Cheers.) He hoped thai as he bad worked so long and bo well that he would now be able to get that help which be wished. (Cheers.) The toast was received with musical honors and cheers. The Bishop, who on rising received an ova tion, thmfrp^ them for their enthusiastic re ception. It was a great deal to hare one's health proposed by a gentleman who bad been bom on Sft- George's Day. (Cheers.) He hoped dial as Mr. Martin had taught them with what success he could manufacture loco motives Einoe be had been in the colony, he might also teach them a lesson as to how they might overcome every diffioulty even as St. George did when he trampled npon the dragon. could be more interesting than to be present in that pariah on that day. (Cheers.) He bad learnt from his visit bow much life there was in the Young Hen's Sotdety which Mr. Lewis had formed, .and also in St. George's Club, whioh had lately bees Bnooes? rully inaugurated. H they oouM gee Bold of the young men to work {or God and the ohoroh ana take part in its functions then the future of the colonies would be assured for God and His righteousness. (Cheers.) IT was because they neglected the yonng men that they did not make that progress which they Bhould. (Hear, hear.) The church was growing more rapidly than the pspnlation, and this was clearly proved by statistics. {Cheers.) It was a matter for great satisfaction that after the long service of years .Canon Coombs, their heloved pastor, had that day seen St. George a Church free from debt and dnly consecrated. (Cheers.) That represented the work of the incumbent, who for very many years had kept this sod steadily in view- (Cheers.) He thought that they could not do better nan take example from the way in which he baft determined never to lose heart until by divine mercy his aims had been crowned with com plete success. There was no other parish in the diocese where suoh an event oonld have takes place. There was no other church which oould boast that its pastor had been the same from die inception to its consecration. (Cheers.) Since his ministry among them the canon had baptised 2,300 people in this church and married over 700. (Hear, hear.) liow St. George's Day linked them to dear old England. (Cheers.) How it made them realise the pasta as well as the present. (Cheers.) Canon Coombs had spoken of the growth of the Church during Queen Victoria's reign, but he hoped that whilst it was crowing it was also keeping true to the great traditions which had been handed down.. (Cheers.) It was a matter of great interest to him that this ehould be the day-chosen for introducing into Parliament a measure for the disestablishment of the Church in Wales. When the Angles invaded England many centuries ago the early Christians had to retreat into Wales, and from that day to this the undoubted con tinuity of the Church of England had been maintained in Wales. It seemed to him bo manifestly unfair that that inheritance of the Church should now be distributed just be cause a number of persons thought that the Church was growing too fast. For, after all, that was the secret, he believed, of the attack upon the Church in Wales. It had just been suggested to him that the opposition 1 to the Church in Wales exactly represented the dragon which St. George trod under foot. < (Cheen. and laughter.) By making their | voices felt they had taught members of the; Government at home that Churchmen were not j going to stand idly by without fighting while! their inheritance was being shared. They of coarse could not know what she Church would have to experience. They had not reached | that 6tate that they wanted their inheritance taken from them. (Cheers.) If they possessed that wealth which might be given in yeart to come for the extension of the work of the Church they would find people equally eager ] to take away that wealth for the advancement of anything else. Slight be ask, what had ever done more for the good of the world than the Kingdom of Jesus Christ 7 It was for His kingdom that the blessings existed. (Hear, hear.) He thanked God for the growing spirit of Christianity in the world at the present time. They as Churchmen were bound! to be loyal to their Lord. a«d thus advanoe the interests of both Church and State. (Cheers.) The Dean, in proposing "St. George's Church," said the name of their old and re spected friend. Canon Coombs, would ever be mmwi*i?*i\ with the pleasant memories of that oooasion. Be heartily congratulated the canon upon this the crowning of his life-long effort. (Cheers.} Melbourne boasted the oldest dean in the colonies, but St. George's could bout of the oldest canon in their friend, who had been here for nearly 30 years. (Cheem.) They could all rejoice with him in his sucoess. (Applause.) He hoped that the TOO oooplee be had married were all happy couples. (Hear, hear.) He could remember the old church —that was in the days of small things. As to the new church they had had three foundation stones, three openings, and one full consecration of St. George's Conrch. He congratulated them uoon having such a fine building and the canon on his parish. (Cheers.) Canon Coombs, in responding., said his feel ings were too strong to allow him to say all that he would wish to cay. If anyone had said to him at the commencement of his parish work in Gawler that he would ever realise the present moment he oould not have believed him. He bad received very great lielp in bis determination to free the church from debt, especially from the ladies, whom he wished to thank very heartily. H« trusted that the generally broad progress of the Church would more and more increase under the good rule of the bishop, and that as St. George was ever reaognised ss the great champion of good against evil, in that sense they would ever remember Sc Gwxse'a Day. (Cheers.) Dr. Dattes proposed the toast of "The visitors." Archdeacon Mobke, on behalf of the visiting clergy and laity, thanked them for the hearty reception accorded them. Tbey would ever retain pleasant memories of St. George's Day and Gawler. (Cheers.) Canon Geees, in a happy speech, proposed "The ladies," on whose behalf the Bey. F. W. Sahweix made a suitable reply. Toe proceedings closed with thanks to she Press. 