SPORTING NEWS.' SPOETlKGr NKWS FROM MHIiBOURNB. ..,..-,-,-,,. i»,.— ? 'Br ^NunqtIAw DciRMio. MnuwuiwH) Nov, 10, Tub Tww, Well, thp Cnp Carnival of 180d is n thing of tho paat.and tho noblo army of touts lmvo hoon ^put to scorn ovoi1 iho transnotion. Aoolt tlmt nono of 'thorn 'WQuld glvo.the 'ghost of a show to 1 a ct-)i tlint 'Horry'1 Dawoo (who piloted 'him to victory) aont word about 0 his old Bohool-toitohor (Thoophilun 8\. Mrti'Bliall, Soorotary of t)io Victorlnn Footl)all A,8BOoiation) tho night prior to tho Cup that ho didn't think ho had a .poasiblo ohanoo of winning ; a colt I lolt sntisflod Mr. F. W. Purohos would have talcon 1200 to floratoli for tho, ovont. j aoolt that novor oxooutod ft solitary two-wilo gallop sinoo coming baolc'from Raiuhviok j and a colt that wna badly boaton by Euenalf and Tar coola ovor a mile and a half of ground —cornea out on tho day, and wins handsomely, -whilst tho howling f ayouv- ito fails to finish noaror than ninth. Such is tho glorious uncertainty of horsQ-raoing. 'I novoy,' says young Dawofl/'imaginodl had tho slightout chanco during the raoo until I cwno to tho ontrnnco to tho straight, and found that, going comfortably, tho'flold woro coming back to mO( whilst at tho Bamo timoliiotioodthat Nada and Dovon woro oloding ou tho loador, Kaoimlf. fj'hon I thought to mysolf 'Oh I You might havo a show horo too/ and no I called upon Patron, and although I got interfered with by both Nada and Dovou whon attempting to got up botwoon thorn, I managed to squoczo through nud win tho Cup.' Patron wno dead laatpaesing tliQ'fltand tho flrat time, and hia victory under tho oiroumBtiuiccH Wdfl almost phonomonal. His otarting price wm an to 1 i but for all that ho wna far from being a good Uorso for tho books (oapocially tho doublo ovonlors) as ho waa woll backed at long odds, immcdintbly tho woighta nppcar od, bosides which -variouB droama and othor potonta hod boon vouchsafed to numbers, who profited to tho tuno of divers and diverse shokolB of gold and silver ovor tho trnnsaotlon. Novorlhc Ioo3 tho victory of Patron was a motit dkmntrouB ono to tho rank mid fllo of tho punting brigade, who munthavo ox. potiouced a terribly rough timo of it right through tho four dayfi1 mcoting, only two actual first favourites gottiug homo in tho 24 ovonts, 0110 of thorn boiug 2 to 1 on and tho other a lovol monoy ohanoo. Personally I rofuncd to concede Patron ovou tho proverbial ' dog'o show' at Oat. Oib,, uh aguiuat two four-yoar-olds liko tho Snilov Princo and Loyalty at 8at. 01b. and Rat. 121b. rospeotivoly. And now it ia all ovor I am perfectly satisfied had not Sam Cook's colt orolcon down i)» tho Mol bourno BtulcoS (though going dotfn on thp noar foro fotlook) Tho Sailor Princo would havo won right enough— aa tho i'iico.wa.9 run, But thero'a a dopth of moaning in tlioao last flvo /words I aa auro you, l(1of you can tako it from mo, nothing but puto funk ou tho part of two-thirds of tho starters for tho, Clip ?gavo 1'atron an opportunity of win ning, After .tho Molbouruo Stakes running, one-half of the field v/oro boaton before they started, and aa noon u« ovor Ruonalf ^YQnt to tho front o«o lmirof tiliorotiuilmlor oollnpflwl liko a pricked tolloon. And yot, aftoutluit, thoro wasn't a horso that mado tho oomblftuco of a strugglo againat him, but what flniflhod in front of him at tho ilulsh. Mind you, Ruoualf was badly ' dealt with ' in tho homo itti'otoh j Dawos's oxporionco ou Patron boars Toby Moran out in that rospoot j but then with tho adviintago Ruonalf liold half a milo from homo, nud tho torrlblo dash of speed ho poflBCBBOs, tho brothorto Patron (by Grand 'Flanour from 01 ga) Bhould noypv havo allowed oithor Nada or Dovon to interfere with him, Thia vraa how I oxpvoBROd myBolf to Toddy Koyu (Ruona\ra owndr) last Mdily ovoning 5 hia roply being—' Wo aro all wiso after ovonts havo happonod. Ab I told you when Iciuno down from Sydnoy 0iroo wooks ago I considered I had tho Melbourne Cup in a pawnshop wjth Kuohalf, nnd' Could tako It out if I ?wanted. I thought bo thon j and I think so now, Aa to Moran oasing him up in tho straight and al lowing Nada and Dovon to close up on him, I was to blamo for that. Those woro my instructions to Toby, and ho carried thorn out to tho lottor. I folt satisfied ho could win ofuiily enough if ho kept with thorn till tho'lrwthundrodniid fifty yards nnd thon lot Ruenalf out. But I didn't reckon on boing interfered with just m ho waa going to make hin final and winning effort. Had ho not boon so in toyfoved with, ho would havo won, nnd won oaoily.' Thoro's Koy'a words to mo j but in my humblo opinioiv Jluonalf waa bcaton boforo ho was interfered with, Kovortlng bnok to tho funk buflinoss, on tho morning of tho Cup, lifter Ruonalf had galloped half a milo in 40i boo,, I Baid to Joo Crippa— ' Woll old follow, what Bort of a efinneo havo you got with Tarcoola of putting that lollow down to^ay P' To Which Crippo mado roply ' Wliy, what poBsiblo. ohanoe can anyof us 'havo with him iu tho woo at 7«t, 71b, 'after liia running in tho'MolbournoStakoB?' and thon I know bo far nB Tarooola was concornod,, mydouljlo inonoy (Tho Harvester and Tarcoola) wan num'borcd amongat tho tuinffs thnt had'boon1, ''Nbvormind,' thinks! 'to myoolf } 'you havo utill a'oonplo of good Btrlnga to your bow in Tho HarvoBtor and Loyalty and tho Harvester and Bruin.' But on my road down to tho oourso I ovortook Pan 'O'Brion, and oxporionced tlio royW oidor of tho knook onco moro whon on remarking to my old acquaint anco— ?' Thank goodnosa thoro is atlll a hopo loft with Loyalty in tho Cup,' horo tuinod roply—' You won't havo that hopo much longor thon^old follow,' aa I intend to Boratoh him for tho Cup^aa Boon aa loan got to tho course.' 'Has anytliing happonod him, Dan P' I on mured. 'Kb,' waa'Dan'a roply 'but I don't caro about chnaing Euonalf, Boniobody olae may tacklo tho job j I won't.' And yot Ditn O'Brien ninin taino thatloyalty ia a bottor colt thnn Patron! 'What a foolish man you wore,' stvid a candid i'riond'to Mr, S, G. Cook, 'not to lmvo entered Tho. Harvester for tho Molbourno Cup, Why didn't yon oritor him ['''Because I entered ' Bomotning I considered a datnod sight bottor' rejoined tho old salt. Ana talking about rejoindors, I must toll you a raro good yarn about Sam Cook nud, Tho Harvester protest. Whon Mr, Cook was in the Btowar ds'room during tho Investigation of tlioohnrgos ngainst Chris, Mooro for interfering with Malachite nnd Tho Posaiblo dur ing tho rnco for tho Dorby, ono of tho, pnrtioB intoroBtod in Mahvohito enid to thoflqniroof I'ytohloy Lodgo— 'Havo you mimy witnosocs, CookV' 'Wit- 11CBBO8 I' ojaoulnteo Samuol Gotto II What tho dovil do 1 want with wit. nesses P Ain't tho stewards witnoBsos P Tho thing nHejfodhnppono(Vundor thoir, o\yn oyos, what nioro witnossos than thoBo do tlioy want P' ' But wo intend to call in n numbor of independent witnoBBOB ' waa tho anawor, 'Oh, do sou t' iQmarkodS.G.a^l'IChimi that catio I imppono tho. boat thing I can do in to go outnido, and soo if 1 enn't manufacture nomo ovidoneo as well.' 'But you won't bo allowed to go out sido !' Said tho Malachite man. 'I won't bo allowed to go outsido P' quoriod Tho IIurvcHter'o ownbr ; 'Well, I should liko to ono the man wl.o would stop mo.' And strangoly enough— that partfoulhr man' 'wasn't to bo ,(ieen. Tho result of tho Canterbury Plato omphnsizod thb correctness of tho ?Dorby running. Even tho muoh vaunted Carnage failed to mnko Tho Harvootor thoroughly oxtond 'himself, ? Wallace proved himaolf a clinking two-yonr-old jy tho stylo in which ho won tho Mying Stakoa, us hocovorodtholaBt6,furlongo ofthatovont in lmin,18;|soa, Hoiacor tninito bo a vovy warm favorite for nost yoar'B Dorby, and although his color (a ' washy' cboBtnut) is nguinst him hois a beautifully tnrnod colt, nnd a credit ovon to two Buch nncoatorB rts Carbino and Muskot. Tho Quiver incident com plotoly marrod tho aport on Oaks' day., Tho wholo of tho accoptors (fivo)Baddl-' cd up thorefor, and whon it bocamo1 apparent that the Quivor (by Trenton from Tromuloun) pnoplo woro Support ing tho filly for pounds, shilliiVga and ponoo »ho quiokly advanced to 6 to 4 on, Bogina (who hnd given us a taato of hor quality last Spring, nnd Who had nndorgono a tliorongh preparation all through tho winter for this Bpocial ovont) boing noxt; in demand at -1 to 1, with Bolaati 8'b, and Voro and Athata at 10'h. Tho 'start took plnco right oppoaito tho fitand, .and on tho competi tors proccodingto talco up their pouitionn it wuo at onco npparout that Quivor did not caro about lacing tho barrier of tho starting maohino, no slio darted back, nnd commoncod playinp up on throo occamonii whon Ohria, Mooro endeavour ed to lino her up witb'tho others. 'On a fourth trial eho waa still rosfcivo, and whon turned half-w,ay round (nearly parallol with tho tnpon) Mr, Watson touched tho button and %two tho watch word ' Go 1' As! I havn junt Btatcd Quivor was in no poaition to go at that oxact moment of timo, and a roar from thoflo aasomblod on each oido of tho courao notiilod tho fact that tho atartoi1 had boon fortunate m hiu effort, tho roar quickly resolving into an ominous ullonco when, it wiui obaorved that Moora wao.not making1 tho slightest eirort to catch up to tho fiold'-or ovon to follow thorn™ though thoy woro only jogging along at a hand cantor, no if allowing him ovory oppor tunity for doing bo. For thrco-quai'tern of a milo tho oamo ahilly-ahallying tacticu woro adopted, tho nix furlong pout not Icing ronehod until lmlu. 40.}aoo. aftov tho ntart j Mooro in tho meantime, taking Quivor back to tho naddling pnddook, Immediately on tho hoj'iio returning touoalo t.hontowards callod upon C, lilooio to explain why lio did not attempt to start after tho nigual boing givon, and a« his oxplana tion wan not; doomod satisfactory tho, V.K.C. oflloialn dooidod to at onco with draw his Hconoo uu a jockey. Mooro'fl action (or rathor inaotion) is boat sum mod up in ono word ' inoxplioablo,' As t^ho Argus forcibly putn it—-' starting in front of tho Grand Stand, with tho oyos of all upon him, it Booms almost inorodiblo, Mooro did^ what ho did pur posely; but tho stowarda ovidontly v/oro of tho bcliof, that ho waa guilty of malpractice, and pmnahod him ac cordingly.' Tho fituioo wan a terrible blow to bnokoi'B, tho nilonco whioh fol lowod thoroon boing ubiaolutoly start ling in ito intonoity. Whother Mooro ytna roftlly guilty of nmlpraotioo (.^ntl for my own part I imti thoroughly cpn vinootl of hio innoconco), or bo camo pavaliaod for tho timo bo ing at- tho signal boing given whon ho wna totally unproparod thorefor, tho fact beunmo manifest that 3von with tho utnrting maohino things can bo terribly moused up, if tho manipulator of tho releasing button faila to Boloet afavornblo timo for Bond ing thn horsoa off. Thoro ia vory bitter fooling of enmity abroad against Chrio tophov Mooro, tho Sporting Editor of tho Australasian actually chortling in his joy iu liiHt wooka Ihguq over tho downfall of ono whom ho haq, to ac Icnowlodgo ns ' ono of tho best behaved nnd most respectable jockoya in Aus tralia.' Ana yot ho koopn on ropoat ingthorofrnin— ' I am not aorr'y— I am Ijlud— Mooro hna goiio.' That wasn't tho way in which dear old Toddy Chap, man was wont to not whon a ridor, he didn't likohnpponod to got rubbod out for life Hough iih ho wna in appoar nnco, nndbrunquo in opoeoh, under buoIi conditiona, tho Tanmanian natlvo al ways proved to demonstration that if lio couldn't praise, ho could at least koop silent. Nb doubt tho excitement will continuo to foment until Cobblty, Tho Harvestar, Brenmland nnd Co. moot again in tho St. Logor nnd Cham pion (Stakoa during March, thoadmirors of Cobbity boing vory firm in tho faith that gauged through Malaohito'e running. Wai tor Hickcubotham'a ohest nut colt would lmvo boon cortain to down Tho Harvester in tho Dorby had ho but started fit and woll, For my own part, I havo a bottor opinion of Droam-, land now thnn I hold boforo tho start of tho mooting. I havo it ? on unquca tlonablo authority that Trenton's stool: don't want moro than a fortnight's strong propnratlon— and not too strong ovon at that. Eight through my twin ing 'notes, you may havo o'Norvod I kopt on dirooting attention to tho faot that thoDorbyfavourito appeared to mo to bo ' tuokod up,1' ' short of raiddlo piece,' and no forth, Woll, tho rosult confirmed mo in my judgment. Droam laindrnn a gcod coll— aa, fnr as his condition lod him, ' But ho 'hhd boon hurried along too muoh during tho Inat monthjnnd fnilod to battle Bovore racoa out. But ho will' Bhow to better advantngo in tho Autumn, you may roBt assured. Mr, Donald S. Wallace, who won M2,QQ0 when Montor Won- tho Mol bciurne Cup for him , 'in 1888, nnd ,£40,000 whon Carbino again nhnoxed it. for him two years Inter (in 1800), hns bocomo so cmbarniBucd with financial diflloultioB (thdugh hoavy lonaoa in station proportioa in Quoonaland, by drought, firos, nud uo forth) that ho hna been compolJocl to aoll off liia ntud and relinquish racing. Yosterday hia horaeB woro submitted by auotion at the yards of W. O. YulUo, at tho roar of Jaok Sommon's -Pastoral Hotd), Nowmarkot, that brilliant maro Qaillardia by (by Trenton from ParoBaiono, a full slater to Grand Flnnour) being knookod down to that thorough sportflmnn, Mr. J, Turnbull (of Quecualnnd) und con sequently will -ngnin roturn to Waltor Hiokonbotham's foatoning caro. Thero was a gonoral'buz'i? of ox oltoment whon lot 37 wna ordered into tho ring, a bay '2 yoars-old colt (untriod) by Carbino from St, Adillo— ono of tho fastest ranres ovor trod a racocourao inAuatralin, Ho was bo liko hia illua tious dad (in ' color, &c;) na a twoyear old that it wns thought likely ho would roaliao big prico \ but tho puntora hnd no inonoy loft ( tho bookmakora had got it all), and as tlioro woro no sportflmon from Coolgnidio about in search of a bargain, Capbino'B old ownor, Dan O'Brien, booamo possessed of him for tho modorato figuro of 380 guinena. Tho choapeattwo-yoar-old ovor sold in Australia without a doubt. At tho awno aalo, Mr. Walah, of West Austra lia, mado a couplo of Tjurohoftw. TJifl HHHHHHHHHH Wren, a thrco-yonr-old filly by Qloriun, from Eoonda (by Dantb'-Hurpy) for U i linonaj and a beautiful nuggptty brown filly (with ono of tho Bwcotoot of hoadpiocoo I) 2 yoai'B-old, by Maltia from Ehoa (by King of tho Ring from Norma, (tho dam of - Darriwoll), whioh only oofit tho West Auatralian 80 giiinoaB. During the aalo, TarnnakiSvriB subtaittod and pnasodin lit 000 guineas, (tho rooorvo bbin'(Jf 1000 guiiioafl), WhilBt Loyalty roturnod to his stable, thotoig goatofforfor him ijoing-liBO guineas, Laab year Dan O'Bvion rofuBod 1,760 guinoaa'for him, / Mr. O.Lonnyia taking ovor Foxtail to your flido of tho big divido, and if holmBab'ibof lnok with him in tho matter of bringing him to tho poat fit and, well, tho nvo-yoav-old son ot Robin son Cruifloo and Umilta will provo to you that ho in a racehorse. 