PITH AND POINT. A farm at Dookio awagol 60 builw. of oats per acre. 1 Probable that Ibo United State. Interveno in Brazil. u Now Poutli Wales railway falling off considerably, "»«« Can frozen egg. from Victoria realij. 9Jd a dozen in Londou i in 11,0 Yf»?ra cut nilHtt Collided with the Hesporidct. Rev. llornco Tucker lecturing on Y i logo SottlMnjonts in Tasmania. ' ilea : BUgar cultivation project von favorably received m Uippsliuid. ' Mr Richardson ia pciinr; to drive ... tbo Ilcdi railway lino to- morrow Minuter oi Railways inspect, 'th„ pitted Hedl railway lino to-morrow Annual picnic at the Victorian !v„. „ , Telegraph department on Saturday Six Chineso now attrviti-' two yea Albuty gaol for evading the poll-lai Cntlionne aged ten, ,lro'wnrf in tho Murminbidgeo w hilat bathing rompi-rance societies in New Xaland arraoging for a prohibition cumpni-'n Onu-quartcr of all tho people born dm before six years, and one half b Cody or K B. Wells, tauor, Ballant found with his throat cut from cart! R.M.S. ParramaUa reached Alban yesterday. Malls duo here ou Thar day. The Los Angeloa Club, California, offer, rnili' rS f for <-Jorbctt v- Jacksop Somo Spanish brigands abduct noirosa, aud demand ransom. Old time. Rocks ! ' Now definitely known that Dora Dors " Jackey" smarUy cscapod from Li. captors. To bu perfectly proportioned o mW should weigh 28lb for every fool o! hn uctght. The average strength of a horse It of'tiin " t'roatorl'an that In Malaga, workmon aro allotted 13 minutes' lcisuro iu ovory hour to smote Cigarettes, Stuckey, woll-known Fquitter in tho Wodonga district, fell doad. Hcst apoplexy. The report of the Inspector-General' of New .South Wales shows a decrease Id larrikin crime. The Tolephono Exchange. Hawthorn, is lo bo open nt night in future, as well os during tho day. Total reserve iu Iiank of England U« wock, notes and bullion, L19,209,0(J0- in. crcaso of LI, 800, OOO. ' Lrndfield, barquo from Gluagov? to Melbourno, went ashore at Calais. Got oil' with slight damage. Mr Robert Roid says lliat Victorian railway managers might take a lesson front Ceylon ro rofrvshmcnLs. Henry James Rowlands, coniince ia Haliarat Gaol, committed suicide by hanging himself in his cell. Sir Charles Tuppor, High CoinrnU- siontr for Ciiuadn, is going to eo-opurats with 2\Ir Ruid from Vict'iriii, With a load of 400 pounds a camel csq travel twolvo or fourteen days without water, going forty miles a day. Another row in tho French Chamber ot Deputies. Tho Communists to the front, Republican uuard clear tho room. Said that the railway revenue would suffer to tbe tuno of L70.0U0 if freight! were lowered to compete with tennisf Daniel Gissaue, a miner, blown up shuft near Meredith by n dynamite ex plosion. Kscapod with slight injuries. Mr Wragyo ognin to tho foro with a weather prophecy, A " storm nyetuiu" rapidly apjiroaching the Quoenslaud coast. According to a celebrated prof ussor ef physiognomy, a small mouth shows great indecision of character, and not a littli cownrdico Tho last census shows that there a:? no fower than 3,009,000 of men over IPJ years of ago iu America who have never been marriod. According to tho Birmingham "I'oj,"' Mr Gladstone is descended from Kiug Duncan of Scotland. Anothor trouble' for Macboth'a ghost. Lewis Edward Reynolds, 10 years old, son of a Gippsland farmer, deliberately allot himself dead. Tho caiiso wus « trifling dispute with his father. In Austria, laborers who have passed the ago of GO may claim from thu Go- Vermont a pension equal to one-third of the daily wages they received during their working years. 