THE SKETCHER. 7HE BLACK WATCH. TWENTY"-TWO YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN THE 42ND REGIMENT. By 0. M. Archibald, An Ex-Sergeant of the Corpi. CHAPTKR V. The Race to Coouassie.—The Ashaktbes AND THE 42nd. — CAPTURE OF OOOHASSIE by "The Black Watch."Three Cheers for the Queen." — The Burdkng of Ooomassie. — Back to tre Coast. — | Arrival at 1'obtsmobth. — A Welcome Home. In the Advance from Ordashu to Coomassie the same taotios were adopted as in the ad vanoe to Amoaful. We wore instructed to move along the path ] between the two lines of Aahantees con oealed in the brushwood, and after delivering our fire (from the shoulder) we were ts move on immediately, but we were not to leave the j path. We paraded 310ebrongunderourLieutenant Oolonel, and marohed off through the gloomy forest headed by our pipers. The other troops turned out to see us off, and though some may have envied us there were none who grudged us the honour, for we had Justified the confidence already placed in us. Our advanoe was oovered by Gifford'e Sooute, and we were followed by Kail's Houssaa with their "steel pens." The column was oommanded by Sir Arobi I bald Alison. I We bad hardly left the village when the enemy opened fire, and we answered briskly, AVe had now forgotten the gloom of the morning, our blood was up, and weoommenoed cheering. The Ashantees, wo afterwards learned,could j not understand us. We not only did not fear them, as all their other foes had done, bub we seemed to treat them with the utmost indifference. We fired, we oheered, our musioians played ; numbers of our men dropped down wounded, but on we went all the eame—firing, cheering, and playing. And the pluoky Hnussas, who had now developed into exoellent soldiers, becoming infeoted by our enthusiasm, served their guns j and rockets with surprising promptness and accuracy, dealing destruotion among the startled Ashantees, The enemy's fire gradually slackened, and in half an hour it oeased. We afterwards learned that, deeming "re sistance useless against such fearless and extraordinary foes, they broke their ranks and fled to Ooomassie. By a singular ooinoidenoe we also started running to Ooomaasie. Some men of our leading oompany, finding the Ashantee fire suddenly oease, oried "First man in Ooomassie!"and started off at the double, and soon the whole battalion waB advanoing at a brisk trot. I In ram our officers tried to oheck us. They | shouted that we would outdistance our | supports, or we would fall into an atn bueoads, but we did not pay the slightest attention. Our brigadier was appoaled to, but he trotted along on his white mule, and seemed to treat the whole thing as oapital fun. Like his old ohief, Lord Clyde (who like ■hitnsetf-•wss-a-Glasgowhe knew the temperament of Highland soldiers, and he j shared all bis old ohief'e admiration for the kilted regiments. Ho knew that, like the old Celts, we were impressionable "either up or down," He bap seen our despondency in the morning; ho saw now that "our blood was up," and that there was no use in trying . to stop us. No doubt he shared the anxiety of our regimental officers, but we kuew be was trusting us, and this increased our can- I fidence. By 2 o'olook we had taken possession of the only village that lay between us and Coomaesie, but a river barred our progress. Wo were preparing to cross when a flag of | truoo oame in from King Coffee, and Sir ] Arohibald orderod a halt, but he waB lot to beoaught napping. He sent a message to the Commander-in Chief :— "Support me with half the Rifles, aud I j enter Coomassie to-night." In half an hoar the answer came " Advance on Coomassie." When the order was givon to "fall in" we oheered again and again ; victory, we were assured, was now in the hands uf the " Black Watoh." Off we set as before at a brisk trot, but there was no attempt to check us now. The best runner of' the leading company was lithe young fellow named Adams, who headed the battalion all the way to. Cpo- I massie. He was " the first man in," end subse quently he v.-as awarded the medal "for dis tinguished conduct in the field." i I have often thought, of our behaviour that afternoon; we were more like boys playing a game of " hounds and hares" than soldiers advancing on an enemy's strong hold. At length we cleared the forest, and found ourselves struggling through a marsh, but on we went, for on the top of the hill right before us lay the Ashantee capita!. Every moment we expected the enemy to open a heavy fire, but they gave not the slightest Indication of their presence. Up the hill we ran, and almost before we knew it we were in the main street of Coomassie. We searched the streets and houses, but, save a few unresisting inhabitants, not an Ashantee was to be seen. The city was deserted. The " Blaok Watoh" had performed their allotted task, and " the old red heckle" was triumphant in Coomassie. When Sir Garnet Wolseley arrived a couple of hours later (6 p.m.) we formed line and received him with ringing cheers. He was proud of the 42nd, and after I congratulating us, and shaking hands with J our officers, he took off his helmet and shouted "Three cheers for the Queen !" And right heartily did we respond, for the " Auld Forty-twa" is both a loyal and a royal regiment. ThouglitBof the Quoen suggested thoughts of home, and we wondered what our i friends and countrymen would Bay when news | of our victory leaobed them. Of one thing we were satisfied—we had maintained the reputation of the " Black Watch," and we had earned for the regiment the right to add "Ashantee" to the glorious J list of viotories insoribed on the regimental oolours. The Vshantee capital was larger and more imposing than we had anticipated. Its area I was four miles, and the population waa esti mated at 10,000. The houses were built in blooke and iqnerea, eome of them surrounded by bamboo paliaadings, and they had a sub stantial appearanoe. The 'atreeta ware broad and planted with treea; the main street was one hundred yards wide. The King's palaoe was a large two-storied building, built partly of atone. The large tree from whion the oity derived ita name ("Ooomassie" means "the town under the tree") stood in the market plaoe, and near it was aolump of trees oa'.led " the spirit-house,*' or "habitation of ghoste/' into which were thrown the bodies of the human victims offered in sacrifice to the Aahantee gods; the stench was - abominable, and . the sight of the ghastly skeletons was sick ening. We were so thoroughly tired after our day's work,-having bad almost no food, and not a drop of olean water to drink, not to speak of our want ot sleep the previous night, that after a hasty supper (for the darkness fell quiokly) we lay down to sleep in one of the publio squares. But sleep was again denied us, for suddenly we were aroused by alarms and loud ories of "The town is on fire." . It was really a grand sight, bub the suspi cion of treachery and the expectation of an attack by the Ashantees gave us something else to think of. It transpired, however, that the Ashantees i had nothing to do with the burning of the | oity. Despite most stringent orders some of our native auxiliaries had been prowling about for plunder, and through carelessness or ex oitement they had set fire to several buildings in different parts of the oity. Armed patrols oaught some of the scoun drels rod-handed ; they were severely flogged, and one or two were hanged. When the first alarm passed over most of us fell asleep, but the hard-worked engineers J were kept buBy all night pulling down build ings to isolate the fires. Our chief was very angry at the destruction of the oity, for he had sent a message to King | Coffee that the oapital would not be destroyed if he sent in his submission, and his answer had not been received. But the work of extinguishing the fires was acoelerated in a way we little anticipated. About 2 o'olook in the morning of the Gih a heavy thunderstorm burst upon us, and for three hours the rain poured in torrents. Fortunately we wore able to find shelter in some of the houses. When the rain o-ast d we j were ordered to prepare for a further advance. Bat the question Boon arose, " Where Bre we to advanoe to?" J Our spies could gain no information as | to the whereabouts of King Coffee, bub they j learned that his " invincible" army, deserted by its leaders, bad disbanded itself and its members were eoattered throughout the | oovntry. ■ The powerof the Ashantees was crashed 1 After consulting with his principal offioers our chief decided to destroy Ooomassie and return with all speed to the ooast—a decision we all bailed with joy. ThB work of destroying the oity was entrusted to the Royal Engineers, and the | "Black Watoh" was detailed to protect them, and aot as rear guard to the ooluinn. Thus the 42nd were the first to enter and the last to leave Ooomassie. { The return to the ooast was atonceoom- I menood,the 23rd leading, followed by the Blue J aokets and fitarinev, the remainder following at intervals.. But the Engineers found their work more diffioult than antioipated ; they had to under mine the foundations of several large buildings, and this oooupied so muoh time that it waB late in the afternoon when we left Ooomassie—or rather the ruinB of it, for the Engineers set fire to it, and we left it in flam es. i The heavy rains had so flooded the country | that when we got to the foot of the hill we had to wade through the marsh knee deep, and when era git to the Dab, at 5o'olook, the river was so flooded that the Engineers' bridge, whioh we had crossed two days before, was J two feet under water, and was now useless. : The stream wbb five feet deep, and tooross it an original method was adoptod. We had all to strip and roll our clothing into a bundle, retaining only our helmets and rifles. Our clothes were banded to natives who swam or stood in the river, passing the | bundles over their heads. We then walked across holding our rifles out of the water. We all got over safely, though some of the shorter man had rather a bad time of it. We 1 bad to dry and warm ourselves as best we | oould, putting on our uniforms, and after j supper we rolled ourselves in our blankets, lay down on the damp ground and tried to sleep. But tbe merciless rain again descended, and the morning found ue damp and dismal. The hard work, the want of food and sleep, frequent drenchings, and the pestilential air were beginning to tell, and many of us were now showing symptoms of fever. During the maroh that morning many of us were so dead beat that we had to fall out, unable to walk another step: but, alas, the hospital litters had been Bent in advance, and we had to sit by the roadside or lie on the damp ground till they were brought back from Amoaful. For myself I have a faint recollection of tumbling into a litter and finding myBelf some time later on an hospital table, with surgeons, bandages, and instruments about me. I had been wounded at Amoaful, but I thought the injury was trifling, and did not report it, and now I was suffering for my mistake, and had had an attack of fever added. When I go t to 0«pe Coast Ca9tle I found the majority of the " Black Watch" were on board, j and the transport ready to Bail. ' Fortunately I was now convalescent, and as 1 the hospstal ship was crowded I was allowed to rejoin the regiment. I would not for a good deal hare missed that voyage in the Sar mitian', and the joyous weloome that awaited the "Blaok Watoh." How joyful and exhilarating it was, aftei the dreary gloom of the jungle, to behold thi brilliant sunshine, and inhale the invigorating breeze from the sea; how gladdfening was the roar of the breakers after the death-like still nets of thfe forest. - . v . . ■ -And with the consciousness of returning strength how thankful one felt that he had been preserved from dangers while so many of his oomrades bad been cut off. And yet as we watched the reoeding shores of Africa, we thought of the comrades we were leaving behind, sick and suffering, too feeble to risk the voyage to England; of the faithful soldiers whose bodies lay in the silent depths of the forest; and when one remem bered the dying message of a dead oomrade, and the little mementoes he was carrying to strioken mourners at home, gladness seemed out of plaoe. Soldiers are not less tender-hearted than other then, but habits of discipline check demonstrativeness. With muffled drums and slow steps and heavy hearts' we follow a oomrade to the grave, but when we leave the burial ground the band, in accordance with the regulations of the eervioe, strikes up a lively tune, and the dead comrade eeema to be forgotten; yet we know there are wet eyes amongst us, and ws are thinking more of the dead than of the attraotive military spectaole we present to the looker-on. The Sarmatian was undor orders for Forts mouths where we were to disembark, and reoocupy our former quarters in theOlarenoe Barraoks. The good folks of Portsmouth had taken a great interest in the Ashantee War, especially in the 42nd, regarding whom (we afterwards learned) all the war correspondents bad sent home laudatory aooounts, and now-wo were looked upon as heroes; and, having been so long stationed among them, and being per sonally known to so many of them, they and the dookyard men regarded our return to their midst as "a home coming," and they determined to give uea right hearty weleome. But long before we reaohed Portsmouth we had many indioations of the kindly demto strations that awaited us, for the orews and passengers of every vessel we passed cheered us enthusiastically. We reaohed Portsmouth during the fore noon of Monday, Maroh 23, but we did not disembark till 2 p.m. Our Ashantee uniforms were laid aside, and onoe more we donned our aoarlet tunics, tartan trousers, glengarries, and white gaiters, with greatocats, valises and oanteeus—our offioers in undress. While in the bustle of preparation we heard the strains of a military band playing a familiar quiokstep, and we raised a ringing oheer when we saw the feather bonnets and the tartan plaids of our bandsmen as they marohed do wn the jetty to weloome us. Two or three other regiments in garrison also sent their bands to "play us up," in token of their good feeling. The General officer commanding and bis staff, the Mayor and Corporation, and many of the principal < naval and military offioer of the district were in the dookyard to weloome us. The General inspected us minutely, and every one had a word of praise for " the gallant Forty-Twa." -The military shared with the townspeople in the general welcome, for they wore our fellow'-soldlere, arid our deeds reflected honour on the Brstish army. The toad through the dockyard was lined by a battalion of the 4th " King's Own," while the street outside was lined by the 100th "Royal Canadian"regiment. Throughout the whoto route the streets were densely orowded, and the cheering was loud and oontinuous. It was a triumphal maroh through gaily • deoorated streets, under " triumphal arches," flags, and banners. It seemed like a dream, this sudden transi tion from the atillness of the African forest to the crowded streets of a busy English seaport, with thousands of our countrymen and countrywomen oheering vigorously. And yet, when we got to the barraoks and were dismissed to our respective quarters, there was a vague feeling of disappointment. " Is this all ? Must we now settle down to the humdrum of barrack life! Will people forget all we have done and suffered for them ? We have been heroes to-day; shall we be regarded aB very ordinary beings to-morrow ? But people did not so soon forget all wehad done and suffered in Ashantee. We were most kindly treated by the people of Forts mouth. and when any of us went on furlough all classes of people epoke to us, asking us of our experiences, and all evincing the in terest they had taken in the campaign and in the deeds of " -he gallant High landers. ' I n this respect the Queen showed a good example, for she had all the Ooomassie men (l.GftO) down to Windsor tho Monday after we landed, Rnd reviewed us in the Park. On Lord Oifford's breast ehe pinned the Victoria Cross. A like honour was intended for a sergeant of the 42nd (McGaw) but he was too ill to be present. A few weeks later about a dozen of the non-commissioned officers and men of the "Blaok Watoh" were taken to Windsor, and were personally decorated by the Queen with medals for "distinguished conduct in tbf field." Our Lieutenant-Colonel was knighted, and eeveral offioers were promoted. Then we gradually settled down, waiting our turn for foreign service. 