COHREN!»0-s [) 5;T UNBKFl.VED CUL/ivLTY. TO THE EDITOR OF TIIE ADVERTISER. "J sip.,—It i3 grim humor on the pirt of the Government to tell workles-; oeople to be “ self reliant.” The whole oi thia fearful depression is traceable to land boomers, company swindlers, nnc-horst “ bank ” blackguards, building society frauds, stock and share jobbers, hypo crites of bank directors, and white-vested schemers of Collins-atreet. The opera tions Of the Melbourne ging'o' thieves who gambled with tbe people’s hard savings (deposits), who " punted ” with the moneys of the workers, have sapied the-foundation-of trade, and commerce viz., mutual confidence and brosght on a state of mistrust. The people mistrust; eaoh other now because they once trusted those in high places, who have abused and stifled every sense of honor and h ive forfeited the respect they once enjoyed. The depositors have been rohbed and plundered ; and what a dreadful niece of ironv it is to tell the wretched ones to be "self-reliant?” I sincerely hope they will be, in more ways thin one. I hope they will nevsr again rely on the honesty (?) of those who run such rotten institu tions If those bogus yawning companies had never ezisted, the colony would be in a better position to cope with the world wide fall in prices that has taken place. Melbourne will stink in tbe Dostrals of the whole world nntil she rises up and gaols the gang that has wrought the mis chief. The chief, nay the sole, ambition of Australian public men appears to have been to get into whatever billets that were that commanded a title, then to go ’Ome to get the bauble, and rejoice ever more. Some of them will resort to any thing to get a handle to their obscure names, from a J.P.-ship to a baronetcy, and the day will come when the people, for their own safety, will make it a penal offence for a citizen of Australasia to hold a title of any description. The Ministry, and members generally, are gadding about to binqnets, instead of opening Parliament and getting to work in good time. The day3 are shortening, and the coming winter looks uglier than ever. Ministers, whilst doing nothing, and telling ” private enterprise” to come to the rescue, are stifling the people’s trade, and doing it at the people's expense. How i3 “ private enterprise ” helping us ? Look at the Melbourne Gas Company : Shares boomed up to jB15. while there was never more than £5 paid up originally; and because they want the same old dividends on the £15 they make the third reduction of 6 per cent. (15 per cent in all) off their employes’ wages. Truly their workers are learning to be self-reliant (and never a week goes round without bitter letters in the Press about the horribly bad gaslight). I commend the foregoing to those short sighted ones who are yelling about hand ing the railways over to “ private enter prise.” The gas company is a huge monopoly. What would the railways be in similar hands ? Private enterprise (with bonus assistance) established the batter export. Farmers, I ask yon, whilst the London consumer has to pay Is 6d per lb. for your butter, how much does " private enterprise ” pay for you: milk ? Enroa sets you a better example ; Kyneton does the same. Plenty of farmers’ companies send Home the butter, and the farmers, being shareholders, get the profits. The banks are a sample of "private enterprise.” How are the reconstructed hanks treating the farmers who want time to reconstruct f Compare that with the leniency of the Lands De partment in regard to the payment of your Crown rents. When things were at their very worst the banks raised their interest to 9 and 10 per cant. If the banks are any good to the people, now is the time to use good judgment and help those who are anxious to help themselves along. The reconstructed hanks were allowed to “ retain ” the people’s deposits ' and pay the banks’ debts in instalments; and one is tempted to ask whether Mr ! Patterson is going to prohibit those insti j tutioss from seizing the people's lands, I and selling them up suddenly and with violence in a rotten market ? Or is the Government going to see that the people | get as great a leniency this winter as the [ banks got last winter. I am proud to see | the banks recovering from their shock ; but justice is justice (ride Gillies), and unless the one class of borrower gets fair piny the same as the other, the question will arise—Would not the people be safer to borrow from a State hank ? In con clusion, I would like to remind farmers and the people of the Valley generally that it was Liberal legislation that peopled the Goulburn Valley, and it must be Liberal legislation that will help them to tide over this fearful time of trouble and anxiety. Mr Robert Reid is reported as telling the people at Home that strikes and trades unionism brought about the depression in Victoria. Mr Reid (motes that it is a huge lie; hut he also knows that it ii fashionable at ’Ome to say so. Mr Gillies i is on his way to England (and we can spare him very well.) What his rnissio* is we shall see further on. His pay wiH go on in any ease. Victoria demands something better than such actions from Mr Fatterson, as he will find out when he graciously allows Parliament to meet. Our member has a grand chance to dis tinguish himself. We should much like to hear from him. It’s about 6 to 4 — but never mind. What’s the odds ? Yours, itc., LIBERAL. Euros, 24th February. The Scientific American gives the following: the accuracy of the statement can be tested by those of our readers who grow sweet peas and are troubled with flies :—“ 1 Uome in side a minute,’ said a Fourth Avenue dealer in pianos yesterday afternoon. 11 have discovered the greatest fly trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.’ He led the way to an in strument at the rear of the Btore on vrliieh' was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least a thousand dead flies were lying on the paper in theflmmediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers. ‘ I threw these here by chance,’- he continued, ‘.and in about ten minutes I happened to notice that every, fly that alighted with its usual" buzz," stopped momentarily, quivered in its legs, flapped its wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost.’ ” Shefparton Licensixo Court.—Yes terday, before Mr Smallman, L.M., the license of the Shepparton Hotel was trans ferred from J G. 11‘Kinney tu Henrietta Holtz.. Mr Grant appeared for the applicant. 