It is a timo honored practice that tiie Ministry of the day should foreshadow its policy through the Address of the Repre sentative of the Crown. We mav nresuine that tho Patterson Government will follow the usual course, and yet not he oblivions of tho cynical sentiment that language is a gift to conceal thought. In some form or other tho work of the session will centre in financo, and wc can hardly expect tlmt every financial intention of the Government will be laid hare in the Governor's speech. But the general financial position is so all important just now that his Excellency must needs refer to it. The depression which has cast its blight over the whole civilised world can hardly ho ignored in any Official Speech here, and tho best that can bo done is to draw angaries i.<r hope for tho days to coma. What his Excellency will no doubt remember is tho remarkable patience and self restraint which have characterised tho Victorian public in a timo of trial. Not only fortunes but savings havo disappeared as by tho wavo of a magician's wand, and tho daily wage of tho workman in innumerable instances has vanished also, and yet thorc has been no hysterical out cry and no disturbance of tho public peaco. Each class lias borne its losses with a calm ness and fortitndo which his Excollency will no doubt recognise and commend. One of tho effects of the depression has been an enormous fall in the value of com modities, a very serious circumstance for indebted communities, which have to pay on the rate of the standard gold price. A London paper, tho Daily Advertiser, notices that tho Australasian colonics have risen to tho position and paid their way by adding to tho balance of their exports oyer their imports no less a sum than £11,000,000 per annum. No ono doubts that another excess of £11,000,000 is forthcoming if required. With a fertile soil and au industrious population thero is no fear of national bankruptcy. His Excellency will no doubt recognise this by referring to lit nil I lp My.,; I n nil ; n,.,l I.ft ."OllM he justified in alluding to tho enormous addition to the value of raw productions given by the local manufacturer. Wo have come to look for tbo question of federation being included in every Governor's Speech. Like the poor, wo havo federation with us always ; but it' moves, as Galileo insisted that the world does. Sir George Dibbs's invitation to the separated provinces to corno back under tiie wing of the mother colony and bo represented, or misrepresented, in the Sydney Parliament, looks like a communication from the ghost of Sir John Robertson; but it is an admission that tho fedoral sontimont is becoming a live question in New Sonth Wales. There are many people in all the colonies who think that tho fedoral system ha3 to grow instead of springing full fledged, like Minerva, from the head of Jove. Perhaps his Excellency will gratify these moderate federalists by alluding to the important change which has been made in the constitution of the Federal Council by the enlargement of the representation. There is practically no arri&re-pcMic; in thiB colony on the subject of federation, and it will be taken as a matter of courso should the Govornor express the opinion that Victorians will welcome any reason able schemo for removing existing barriers between sections of what is essen tially ono people. A kindred sub ject will bo found in the Ottawa Conference, nt which Victoria is -to bo represented, and which will have its bearings upon even a larger federation than that of the Australian colonies. More near at hand is the question of Samoa. But for tho usual churlishness of New South Wales, Australasia would havo been unanimous in asking that the islands should be com mitted to tho care of New Zealand, already accustomed to the government of a kindred race. In the industrial world the Governor will find ample scope for remark. The efforts of the Minister of Defonca in seoking outlets for our surplus produce in England, the United Statos and Canada will no doubt find recog nition, as will also those of the oilicers who are endeavoring to perform similar work in the great Indian dependency. We need not he surprised and need not he offended should the Ministry take a littlo more credit than is its due for the new development of the mining industry. As a matter of fact, the falling hack upon the mineral resources of the colony is tho natural result of tho failure of industrial efforts in other directions, but it must bo admitted that the Government has aided considerably in the transference of the unemployed to new pursuits. Tho mining- revival is the more welcome to us that for years we havo pointed out that the auri ferous resources of tho colony had only been scratched. No doubt Mr. M'Intyre's Village Settlements will occupy a place in his Excellency's Speech. It must be ad mitted that the first attempt in this direc tion has not been a brilliant success, a fact duo mainly to the way in which the Minis ter-was hampered by his inability to select the most suitable sites for settle ment. Intense culture on small areas is bound to be one of the characteris tics of the colony in tho time to come, but .there must be greater latitude in the choice of the areas than the law now allows. Tho carriage of our products by sea and the rates of fares and freights on tho railways are important questions which will demand notice in his Excellency's Speech, although we may expect some reticence on a subject which involves a probloin so hard of solution as how to reduce railway fares and freights without adding to the railway deficit. Amongst the projects for adding to our wealth is that for promoting tho growth of the sugar beet. We liavo given special attention to this now industry for months past, and it is very likely to bo alluded to by bis Excollency, and probably with a promise of Govern ment encouragement. A question in which most, if not all, the tillers of tho soil are interested is that of water supply. A more definite policy than lias hitherto pre vailed will have to bo adopted, although the Governor's Speech will probably only men tion the subject as one to be dealtwith when the Royal Commission has reported. A similar reason may judiciously bo given for maintaining silence on the vexed ques tion of tariff alterations. Thero has been a Commission to inquire, and until that body reports it is not at all likely that the Government will meet trouble half way by indicating any fiscal policy whatever. In the region of finance tho Government is entitled to claim credit for the policy 'of retrenchment pursued, and it will probably bo found that a continuance of tiiat policy is promised, although thero should surely he some limit to tiie paring down of the salaries of the public servants. Our efforts to economise and pay our way havo, however, been recognised in Eng land, and the value of our public securities has rison in value accordingly. This is a circumstance of such national importance that it may very properly be alluded to by his Excellency in his Address to Parliament. The gubernatorial Speoch will no doubt discover the symptoms of a change for the better in the condition of affairs, and will point to cer tain means by which the process of recovery may bo accelerated. The most important of these is a scheme for supplying tho farmers witli cheap money, and it will probably bo found that tho reiterated argu ments of this journal on that subject have not been without their weight in the determination of tho Government finan cial policy. But, with or without cheap money, tho settlers in the outlying districts, and in the raalleo par ticularly, can hardly calculate upon success so long as thoy aro without cither railway communication or water supply.' This, no doubt, will bo alluded to by his Excellency, and a policy of railway extension and water supply in tho malice foreshadowed. It will probably be found that amongst tho Bills which will be indicated as ready for presentation to Parliament thero will ha none which trench directly upon tho subject of finauco, so that the question of tho deficit, annual or accrued, and how it is to he mot, will havo to await tho delivory of the Budget Spoech. TllltKH deputations, piled ono on tho other, struggled on Monday with tlio Sydney Premier to got tlio death penalty on tlio Bridge-street burglars commuted. But they struggled in vain. First came a string of appellants, headed by Cardinal Moran, with petitions from 80 members of Parliament, the 12 jurymen who tried the case, and 25,000 citizens, pleading for clemency ou tlio grounds both of justice and public expe diency. Next followed a deputation of " ministers representing different branches " of the Protestant Church." Tlion there was a Salvation Army appeal, and Instly came a private petition from the rolativos of ono of the prisoners. Sir George replied diplomatically, saying that he know more details of tho case than did any of those who came to him. But in tlio Cahinot mooting held in tlio afternoon tho Govern ment resolved that the law should tako its course, and in tlio ordinary run of events tho two men would bo hanged to-morrow morning. Tlio latestinforiiui- the condemned mon have themselves peti tioned for a respite to pormit of an appeal to tho Crown. Several reflections arise from this case. Tho public and the friend? of these two burglars would he delighted to get the death sentence changed into one that kept the prisoners heavily ironed for life. We seo the same tiling in tho plea set up by tlio jury in the case of the murderers of Posset. This latter jury found that the prisoners killed the old Frenchman sure enough, and'tlint they did so in order to rob him, hut there were " extenuating circumstances," and so it is asked that the ruffians may be shut up for life within tho four walls of a gaol rather than tho death punishmonb follow tho death crime thoy committed. It was urged in Sydney that tho burglars thoro, though thoy inflicted frightful wounds ou tho constables who tried to arrest them, did not actually tako life, and the jury pleaded that they had found them only legally guilty. The greatest danger that is apparent to us from tho rigid resolve to let the law take its course in such coses is that juries might now, and then fail to convict if they thought the gallows certain to follow a verdict of guilty. But that peril, whatever it may he, has to he balanced against one of an opposite character. It is clear beyond question that the crime of robbery with violonce is becoming exceedingly common. The nowspapers teom with instances in which the burglar goes to his work with lethal weapons, and with a purpose of using them if necessary to effect his aims of robbery and escape. The Sydney case was one of almost unique ferocity. The robbers wore caught redhanded. Thoy bolted away, carrying with thorn murderous weapons. Every constablo who attempted to inter cept their escape was felled as a butcher might fell an ox with a poleaxe. Surely if it once gets into the criminal mind that anything short of actual murder may reckon on escaping the hangman, wo shall hear of a still greater increase of these cowardly acts of violonce, and the lives of the citizens will have another danger linked to thorn. Not long ago we had a coroner trying to lay down the law that a house holder had no right to shoot a burglar whom he found actually in his house. In that case a sensible jury vindicated the right of the citizen to protect his life and property. Now wo have an hysterical outburst on behalf of a couplo of ferocious felons, whose acts wore not one whit less cruel than would have been those of an escaped tiger. Surely, to tho man who desires to seo human society preserved from the perils of anarchy, it is a matter for congratulation that the Sydney Cabinet, with a full knowledge of all tho facts, showed itself firm enough to do its duty, and Ie6 the gallows do the same. 