SOCIETY, ENVIRONMENT, TENDENCY: THE WORLD, THE FLESH, AND THE DEVIL. UY liEV. .108. PAllKER, T>.1>. HAVE you observed how the Church—by which I mean the whole Christian Church and not any one particular section of it—changes its words, terms, phrases, utterances ? Some of the changes are good, and some of the changes ought to be carefully watched. Change ',in itself is not exactly progress; change may mean deterioration, change may mean guilt. When persons ask us if we believe in progress, we say, W hat is progress ? I believe in it and I do not believe it. "WhaAs Socialism 1 I believe in it and I hate it. I must have a definition very clear and precise before I can give my opinion on progress or Socialism, or any other words remarkable for their ambiguity. So with regard to the change of words. What words are they that you have changed ? Have you not been trifling with your own convictions? Have you not been peeking to conceal yourselves _ behind ambiguity 1 ? Now there is an old word which ycu have nearly succeeded in driving out of the Church ; there are three old words you have nearly got rid of. You have replaced them, I know that : but there are somethings that cannot be replaced. You cannot replace an old oak: you cannot replace an old rock, mess ridden, on which is written the cypher of eternity. Now there is amongst us this famous term—the -whcle literature of a certain kind is founded upon it it is the lovely word Society ! You have heard that word : there can hardly be more syllables in the same number of letters. The moment any two of them get together they constitute an independent syllable ; and pronounced in a certain way it means so much, it means so little, such an infinite variety of meanings that you are hardly safe in using it. That word has got into the Church. He is in Society ; She is in fcociety ; what will Society say ? Society has long recognised this : Society has long banned that : Society papers, Society ideas. Now, what is the old word we used to use—the world : one syllable, a rough one. But did not .Jesus Christ'use it ? Yes. Did Jesus Christ ever use the word Society ? Never. But Society is more genteel, more amiable : a longer word covers a larger space apparently, but it will never do the work the old word did. He is in Society, indeed ! He is in the world, that may mean something very different in the moral sense. He is a Society man ; he is a worldling—that last word has more pith in it, and substance, and significance, and moral emphasis. We could say we were in Society, who could say, " I am in the world ; I am of but world ;]I love the world and the things of the world; I love the earth that has no sky'? " Ye who have the giit of turning hints into poems, accept this suggestion and paint me, in good black paint, the image, the picture, of an earth without a sky ! He who has such au earth is in the world. I propose therefore, or suggest rather, that we get rid of this word Society out of the Church. It means late hours and equipages, and recreation, amusement, giggle, and laughter. We had better get rid of it, and bring back the old word world, the detached world, a world cut out of the starsystem and left in darkness. If you were of the world the world would love you—the world loveth its own. But that is nothing compared to another word we • have got hold of. We use the other word in debating societies, and in philospliic institutes, and occasionally appearing in magazines, and sometimes even in elementary scientific books. It is a lovely word ; the Church is greatly enamoured of it. It is the word Environment. Now what will you do with Environ, meat ? That will convert the heathen in a trice. You say Environment, and all the Chinese and Japanese will, spontaneously buj the last hymn book, and sing out of it right lustily. We love inoffensive terms and inoffensive preaching. Now i man responds to his Environment, and I say what is Environment ? It is the girdle that is round about me in some sort; the girdle of circumstances, my house, my pictures, my estates, my friendships, my opportunities, my balances at the bank—all these things enter into the horizon that we call Environment. The word we have now in the Church is Environment. What did they call it long ago 1 The flesh, That word would never do in the Church now; Environment is a cleaner word, a larger word ; it is not so offensively suggestive a word ; Environment being taken back to its native place means flesh, for it tempts and appeals, and it satisfies the elementary appetites of the first desires of our nature. Environment being rightly interpreted means the flesh—the wine, beer, and the self-indulgence, the sensual appetite quenched in sensual delights. No! if your Church is to do a great work you must use simple words, and flesh will appeal more thoroughly to the inner and upper nature than will the word Environment. Then there is another word which I And in a certain kind of literature—it is tbe word Tendency—a very harmless word, and some people shorten it into Drift. You can hardly call it by an austerer name: it is drifting. But this is a modification of the old emphasis. There is another old word we have quite got rid of in the Church ; some people would give up their pews if I named it, but as no pews are taken on Thursday morning, I may name it without personal loss : it is the Devil! And there are some very sentimental and dainty souls who never use the word Devil, except when they swear ; they reserve it for state occasions. But if a preacher were to say there is a Devil, resist the Devil, be would imperil his income ; but there is a devil for all that. Now has the Church gained by these displacements and replacements ? No ; a Church going out into Society and Environment and Tendency will come back empty-handed ; and a Church going out on the old apostolic terms will, with the power of the Three-one, return as victors come home bringing their trophies with them. Now the old word Inspiration I like. Some of you don't; but Inspiration got hold of me when I was qu'te a youth in my teens, and made me think this was what the old men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. I liked the idea, and they even wrote words that are true, and words that proved themselves to be true not by their inscrutable authority, but by their results in an obedient life. Obedience will test authority, and if a man should say, " I have lovingly and for a long time done unto others as I would they should do unto me, and it is a bad doctrine," sot him down. I believe in the Inspired Book, and it seems to me the more inspired the more I read it. Although we should make all possible room for verbal improvement we are contracting a sphere of obedience and responsibility. Brethren there are mysteries on either side of inspiration. I leave the the mysteries, and betake myself to the obediencp, and by-and-by I may receive an explanation of all the difficulties that will take me a lifetime to work out. 