the dead gallant, By Outbam Tbistkam. publish ly special arrangement joith H sssrs. V crrd, Jjoclc Boioden, Diti, ALL RIGHTS BESERVED." - . CHAPTER II. |«a girdbker among his flgvydbb" Vtith the signs of desperate travel still dinging to them' two roda side by tide— a»d not u Bt»red at— ' to the Three Tnnns in Newgate Market. Here toy dismounted from exhausted horses; and made the best of their way on foot to large house standing in Bu'chers' Row. The house was a corner one. In bygone days its walls had sheltered prosperous owners j but the days of its prosperity had passed, and all that age now lent to it was an air of ruin without nobility. A leprous decay clang to its timber and piaster work; its many windows were blind with dust ; »« faces were ever seen at them: 110 i'gkfc from them ever beaconed kindly hospitality regnant with in, It was a dead house ; and its topmost storey hung over the narrow street 'ltifheavy door opened cautiously to Captain Forfcescuo's gentle Bummons. If man or woman's haudi opened it, they were not seen- The door opened as if of its own aocord ; the two travellers passed hurriedly in, Then the door slowly and ciu'.ioualy closed again,' land silence wrapped the street. This silence remained unbroken till the faint grey of dawn touched the house's topmost gables, and showed its haggard outline against the clear pilenesB of the aky. Then a side door opened noiselessly, and a bent form passed quietly into the btreet. The form was that of a lame pedlar, whose knotted black hair and beard shadowed a tanned face. His pack was slung on a hunched back. He stepped backwards into the empty street, and eyed the house, still wrapped in its sombre sleep viciously. He laughed aloud, a Ftrange, silvery, penetrating laugh, m i icalbut menacing. Then he tarned, tnl went swiftly on his way. flis was a strange way. A way as deep and dark as traveller ever trod in this world or the next. It was a way which ran ruthlessly over happiness blasted, homes made desolate, and bright honour, never yet stained, tarnished for ever. It » as a way paved with hireling gold, and to be cemented ankle-deep in yonog gallant blood; but it waB a way which this pedlar chose to take, and he took it. It led him under a brightening sky through the long lengths of Fleet Street and the Strand, past Charing Cross, a noble monument standing in a village High Street, and out into the green country beyond. a meditative figure with head bent, he limped fiercely on deep dujfcy roads, his downcast eyes seeing nothing but his fixed purpose, his ears closed to all sounds bub terrible prompting voices within. Soon the day's life began to stir around him; tinoke rose slenderly from cottage chimneys ; other wayfarers appeared. Bub on all conditions ot them the effect of this lame p dlar'8 presence was the same. Ac Bight of the dogged determination of his swift approach oorntry girls tarned aside frightened. Travellers westward bound like himself, whom he passed with out teeming to see them, stopped and stired ; travellers bound L-ndouwards, wao met him face to face, gave him the whole road, as they would have done to some mad dog. Flies attracted by bis immobility buzzed in clouds about his head ; some boys, bound for the hay-fields, resenting a good morrow not returned, threw stones. But the lame pedlar walked doggedly on, looking neither to the right hand nor to the left, but always straight in front of him, along the way which he Bad chosen. Finally, it led him, footsore and whito with dost, into the green shelter of Barn Eim?. Here he slackened bis pace for the first time, wiped the sweat from hi3 brow, slightly arranged his dress ; then he limped down a short avenue which led to the side entrance of a large red-briok house. Arrived at a small door, midway down a long wall which a line of fine chestnuts shadowed, the pedlar took a sudden, hasty glance behind him, as if to see whether he was followed; then he knocked four times quickly, and was admitted. 2Je was admitted into a soacious garden, full of flowers and sunshine, by a lean, jpook-ajgrked man, with red hair, thin lips, and long, moist, nail-bitten fingers, which worked about his mouth nervously. These fingers Bhoald have been a forger's ; they excited at first sight a marked sink ing of the puis, a symptom whioh their owner additionally aggravated by a dread ful slow smile. Ihe red-haired man was convulsively studying a cypher, and looked like a vicious fox disturbed. The pedlar, however, whose lameness had surprisingly left him as the garden gate had closed, remained uninconvenienced by these phenomena— from long familiarity, doubtless— for he greeted the red-haired man heartily as Mr Phillips, aaid that he had come from London on vital bus ness to see his master, and asked, therefore, to see him at once. " Tes, Mr Maude," said Mr Phillips. Without another word he turned and led the way to the farther end of the garibU, smiling dreadfully at luxuriant rose-trees 38 he passed taem, ana ireeiy biting his nails- Mr Maude, as he followed in the other's footsteps, disembarrassed himself slowly of his facial disguises, and smlo'isened his jagged jerkin, beneath which the grey velvet of Captain Portescne'3 serving-man appeared. With Ids fair complexion freed froni walnut- stains, and a yellow rose stuck in his hair, ho wuuld have looked exactly as he looked the day before when he followed his master bo assiduously up the D sver beach. As it was, this was a snake who had but half oast his slough. And it was into another kind of msBter s pretence thai", he was about to be mar shalled, From behind a high yew hedge, at the lowest and sunniest end of the garden, a deep melancholy voice ro e and sank in the administration of monotonous tint ei rogatories- To tbeBe intenogatories, ;mdffled answers were returned in different voices. There was no break in this peculiar music. It was a sort of spoken part-BOug, in which the choir took np the Boloiet instantaneously. Mr Phillips stepped smiling, and mtMoned caution. " Our gardener is among hiB flowers," he said jollily. "i must warn him of a further specimen s approach." He disappeared round the yew hedge, his omit knees knocking together, and his long fingers furiously twitching about his ta.uth. In the hush, of the conversation which ensued, desperate as had been the crises of his life, Mr JJIaude himself trembled. Wis he not about to be admitted into the presence of one at mere mention of whose name the Btoutest catholic heart sickened ; to whose slow puritanical gtze men's faces spoke as clearly as their tongues ; in face of whose subtle mental reservations Jesuits over reached themselves ; whose sinister system tif Becret service, self- supported in great aJVaEure from his own purse, had all the private papers in Europe at his command for two pistoles an order ; who_ in a your s .time v,b3 to n tard the sailing of the lAimadafor a whole year by getting the foiiis upon which its coBt was to b raised protested at £knoa (the stealing of a letter tiom the Pope's privet 3 packet, by a Venetian prieBt, having brought to ten great nnderm ner's ear the most secret purpose of the King of Spain) 'i Was it mar vellcus that Mr Maude should fcrempw r Pj he was about to face his Orders Ala tei-Spirit — pretended Jeanit, to up® wi h a gr outer equivocator than fchem all- At jjiB moment Mr PJuJUpf/ nibbJPg i.y .. ... . . - hlv,A togeth,er 80ftly. reappeared fron -emnd the yew hedge. Home," he said. «.Tinvittd Mr Maulo pissed round he hede and stood at once ill the presence ot the nardener among lug flowers. The flowers, whose stored Bweets had already been gathered, stocdiua group speaking in low whispers amongst them- se.ves. They recognised Mr Maude as one man, and eyed him significantly Mr Maude returned the compliment I hey. were all of them personally known to him, and though, one of them was dressed a a Protestant clergyman, an other as a gentleman of fortune, a third as a mountebank, their trade was the same. The Protestant clergyman, whose name waB Eliot, had been a servant in several Catholic families, from which he had been discharged with disgace. The gay satins of the gentleman of fortune concealed the identity of Slade, a former servant in the college at Rome. The mountebank was fitly impersonated by one Mundy, a rambl ing stage-player, who had been relieved of his necessities when abroad, and had seen opportunity in the occasion for mak ing money in a new line. E -ich of -these sworn swearers had been credited with successes On Eliot's head rested the blood of Edward Campian, hung, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn on the first of De camber, 1581. The others had informed successfully against RVph Sherwin, L'ike Kirkby, Edward Rush ton, Thomas Oottam, Henry Orton, and John Colleton— all seminary priests. They were now resting after their labours, looked perfectly harmless and affable in their different disguises, and would have stirred terror in no traveller on the loneliest road in the darkest night in the world 1 Fromtbi3 floral trinity in full bloom, Mr Mande's eyes turned to the gardener who had grafted them. . At the end of a grass plot a gaunt-figured gent'eman, dressed in faded bla k, was bending painfully over a short ross-tree As Mr Mande approached deferentially, this amateur gardener raised his head from his task, and showed a long narrow- face fringed by a short, pointed, iron-grey beard and moustache, curling upwards — both raggedly dressed. His complexion was jaundiced; a black velvet skull cap was fixed on a high narrow forehead, across which one long wrinkle ran. Be neath dark eyebrows, which this gentle man kept eternally arched in a sort of melancholy meditation, two large brown eyes — dull, slow-moving, heavy-lidded — seemed to see nothing of what -they were fixed on. Theirs was the long gaze of in trospection. Their owner held a email hoe in his right hand. The forefinger of his left hnd kept a place in the pages of a well-turned Bible. He stood before a red wall flaming with crimson roses, an immobile figure in blao-, and contem plated his visitor calmly. He was Sir Francis WaUingham, Eliza beth's Secretary of State. " God be with yon, sir," he said to Mr Mande, in deep, melancholy tones. Then he directed a glance at the other distant three, which they translated in a moment. They retired precipitately with genuflex ions — Mr Phillips, this secretary's secre tary, deferentially covering their rear. Left alone with his agent, the Secretary of State appeared completely oblivious of his presence. He et'irred the mould round the roots of his rose-tree tenderly with his hoe and kept silence. This silence was oppressive. It was no donbt intended to be so. Bet Mr Manle was bearer of no ordinary news. In spite of this chilling reception, his heart burnt within him, and presently he suddenly burst forth — , " Sir," he began, " 'twas your wih, if I err not, that I should make speed to tell you when our train was ready for the fire !" " Our train f" atifeed Walsingham. The other bithis lip and corrected himself hurriedly. He recognised the position of this artist — responsible for nothing — for-, warding all. ' " "When my train is ready for the fire ! Sir, that hour has come I I have travelled a grievous way to toll you that it has. 1 have travelled at risk of my life." "And verily ycu will have your reward," said Walsingham. Then, as if to correct the gleam of cupidity which shone in Mr Mande's eye, he went on weightily : "Not alone in this world, whose gold perisheth and is corrupt ; tut in that life to ccme, whose treaEure is indeed incorruptible, abiding for ever ; though to purblind eyes unseen 1 Ahem !" A long nasal snnffla rounded this exordium, delivered in the stooped posture of a busy gardener at work. Then, with out looking up, he changed hiB tone and said dryly — " Our 8 Ik en .priest, in soldier' habit, has arrived, then ?" " I rode with him from Dover yesterday." Walsingham let his hoe fall slowly on a worm crawling at full length beneath the rose-buBh. Its divided holy wriggled In horrible contortions. " He is welcome," he said. Then, looking round, as for the first time noticing the ab- Btnce of a guest expected, " But you have not brought him with yoe, this Mr Ballard. Yet, if my memory slips not, he was once of our Oonrt abem in his unregensrate daye— 2hf Ahem!" Ballard hal, in deed, at an earlier period of his mistion, entered the ranks of this Secret Service, wkose agents swaimsd in every Jisuifc Col lege in Europe But in his attempts to sound thi3 Secretary's secrets he had found himself one of those many eqeivoeators onfc- matched at th«ir own w< aeons. " Sir." eafd Maede, " Mr Ballard dreamt not that I am with you." " Mestems he eleepe sound, th'o Mr Bal- " Sir, he sleeps till I wake him. Walsingham Bmiled slowly. "We will give him yet sounder sleep," he said, " at con clusion of his labors. We have ie store for him, it may be, a night-draught whioh never fai'eth." Maude did not teem sceptical as to this. He had seen the Secretary of State's nlgbt- dranght in action at Tybnm end e'sewbere. He bowed, and. waited further int.erroga.- tories. Walslnghem's was a presence in which, alter a time, silence was felt to be golden, Wa'sisgham, for h!> pert, appeared to be refltcting. „ , "So yon rode with this Ballard from Dover yesterday P" He said at last, dreamily. " Truly, s'r J and ride with him to Derby shire to-morrow." "To Mr Anthony Babington's, at Deth- ick p » " I was ro about to tell you, sir. " D jobtlers ! Brain no more o -tiers, then, on the Queen's high road 1" He paused for a moment, and divided one half of the worm, which Btill wriggled at his feet, carefully. While doing so ha en j lyed Maade s aBtonish- ment at the rapidity with which ell news reached this centre. Then he went on : "He is a likely personage, is Mr Anthony Rabin ston. so report rumors— keeps friends about hto lively too." Suddenly h, , leftfall his hoe, clasped his hands togethsr, and turned his eyes up to heaven. "Oh, Eng. land. England, my country," he cried/' in how hast thou so offended Most High Heaven I That, in IhoBS most promising of thy sons, in those most delicately nurtured, most ten- d?rlv born at tby bosom, Satan finds agents fitieat to hold the knife to thy heart I Verily nit for naught art thoH seoarEed mo.t sin- f al countrT-verily not for naught art thou saoMeed I Some hidden sin's visitation is thiss word that so threatens- some. shame- ful secret—to be Pde manifest eome day,- Rut known as yt to the Jlost High 1 The abruptness of this pjonc u!burst, the wild enthusiasm with which it was spoken, the abandonmahtrr-almust grotsiqee— of the .Wd personality, the twitching lips, strained hands, the yo wWtes, 'oje signs apranntlv visible of this far-'eeieg statesman's p-ofound vision, threw Maude off hie guard. He smiled. He, too, had hfs shameful secret, portentovs unrevaale . Suddenly he stood petrified. The smile died on hi. lip», » quiveringt ab.u the yel)o!y:>h whites of Walsivgham syye, proclaimed .that Mr upturned n< .Ipiel/ WW- m nuiFelf nndu olairvation at the very m mist when fancied security had removed a veil. He trembled, There was a silence — -o intense for a moment— that, to lha agent's r, the cry of a grasshoppsr in a flower-bed oscami painful. When this silence had bien strained to the pitch of biing unendurablt, Walsingham tarned his glance ear -h wards again, and de fended both in speech and bearing from his pious pedestal. " Know'st hou this Anthony Babington f" be said shortly. "I, sir 1 I have ssen him but once, and for an instant." " Take heed, th»d," said Walsingham "when he looks at thee I For the fabled oow.r of th enchanter seems descended, report says on this youth, whose aspect is mild and gracious, whoss countenance is of extraordinary besuty, and whoss flue eyes 'raw frivnds' hearts to him and his pir- iioies, even ss a loadstone. His company is infections men say. Take heed cf him I Take hsed of him I For Atropo' prepareth already to saver his life's thin thread. Ay I Aad his friends, infatuated and ungodly, share his. fate." Mr Maude, at these strange words, looked troubled In spite of a prolonged effort at aomposure. " ' 1 do not understand, sir," he said. " T go with Mr Ballard to be Mr Babington'B guest, in ord-r that I may report his doings and his friends to you. -I go as an agent whom you have abundantly trusted, and who has given you no oauss to regret your trust. Why I should follow Mr Babington'b friends' example and become slave to his charms, I know not I I would crave a reason, Bir, humbly." Sir Francis Walsingham advanced slowly to where his agent was standing H? let his dull, dr.amy, unapeculative glacos fill upon him. This glance was like lead.' Its heavy calculations Bhoald have plumbed depths an- tounded. Depths in thiB instance it indeed plumbed. He stretched his Jlong forefinger out slowly, and press id it npon Mr Maude's left breast, An involuntary shudder con vulsed Mr Maud. Sir Francis Walsingham <tudi«d this symptom as a surgeon' might some wound he was probing. A slow 'smile fix«d itsslf upon his lips. " Beware I" he said. CHAPTER III. " three hunters harbour a stag." Maade went back to London as he had come — a hunch-hacked pedlar trapping doggedly on dusty reads, noticed by many, recogn'ssl by none, 'At midday he re entered the hocss: in Baich«rs' Row. The Juus sun flamed. upon ita piojicting gables, only ti throw into strongar reliuf i's timber- aad-plaster's leprous decay. No life stirred about, the place, A dead house at night— in daylight it 'was a dead hoasa still. Maade was sick with fatigue. His fragile form . had already accomplished prodigies and the rsBCtion-cimi upen him fisro'ly as he cIobbs the hou«Va side-door behind him. He staggered, and leant heavi y agaiast the passage- wail, panting. Bnt the furies wbich rioted within him conquered this collapse. He nsrved trembling limbs and restrained distressed breathing, and slipped np steep Btairs to a small upper room, where he put off i he lame pedlar He washed ths stains from his face, put on a grey jerkin, scrnpn- loosly dressed his curling black hair, fix-id a fresh yellow irsa behind bis left ear, and ad justed his feathered cap rakiahly. He ai Ciptain For'escue'b Birring man again. No one had teen him leave tba house — no on had sspn him smsr it. With a bustling stsp now, he strode down to the lower room, giving good morning by the «ay to a deaf old woman who stirred lata,. an<< acted as sola caretaker; than— calm, cool, and collected, as if just risen f oai a prolonged reBt— ha stood by Mr Bal lard's side. An agitated sleep convulsed the silken prieBt in the soldier's habit. It appeared to have struck him down suddenly before he could rise from the table sti'l spriai with the fruga remains of the overnight's m?al, A glass half-emptied stood by his side. . . Mr Maude took up this half-emptied glaBS, smiling the slow fmila of the poisoner. He looked at it curiously, smelt it, 'then emptied it, wathed it carefully, and rep' acid it by th? sleeping man's side. Mr Ballard meanwhile lay back in an aim chair, hii face working convulsively, aad great drops of perspiration standing upon his brow,- Now and again his p irehod lire moved imp' orinsly, and in a so t of dreadful despair, he repeatedly made the sign of the Cress. It was not. till Mr Maude had three or four times shaken him roughly that he awoka j asd tkea he Btarted to his fiat with trembling bauds tearing at his collar, and with eyes fixsd in an agonised stare as if at sours unseen horror above. " Fares mihi, Damiae J-. su I ' he cried piteossly. Mande Bmiled. This smile was of kin- dnd kind to the one whioh hid wreathed his If p so significantly oh the Dover-road." He laid his white. hand on the still r az id priest's shoulder, , " Com", Father, come I" he said pleasantly. " W« are not at . Tyburn yet." . - Mr; Ballard shuddered. Than he rose to his feet, and paced ths room without speak ing.- But for same moments his sttp, usually so firm, wandered, asd his face re ntals cd blanchoi with the terror of his dream, A burniog thirst, moreover, parched him ; a dreadful Binging throbbed in bis ears ; aad he saw dimly as one does on re covering from a swoon. He seized upon jar of water which stood by the table, and drank a dtep draught. Then he eyed Maude keenly. " May I never sleep more," he said, if to le«p means so to dream." He put his hands to his heart, and then looked ' at them in a strange, shrinking, dazed sort of war, as if he half expected to i< e them blood-stained. \- Maude smiled the same smile again at this gesture. " Y-.u have slept twelve hours natwith- standirg," he said. How I Is it midday 7 By this we should have been well oh our rod into Derbythire I Why woke you mi not at dawn, Maude, as I deiired f" " Father, you needed rest. It misliked me to disturb you. Your sleep seamed to me so sweet." Once more Mr Ballard shuddered. <1 My dreams were bittsr," he said ; then going on in the accents of a sort of stern self- reproach, "butldeksrved tbeir sting, Maud, for what has iold:er, so dedicated as myself, to do with sleep 7" < The mist untiring must some day rest." "Best I" cried Mr Ballard with a sigh, and a wan, upward glance of longing, before whioh the heaven of his faith opened its inestimable trea'ures j " rest I" he cried. " The only true rest will come to me at lait, and the time, it may be, is not far distant. But the great work >as yet to be din that may gain itl Mnch has to be endured, Mande, before that— that blessed day may dawn I Weariness, my son, and bitter way farings and sorrow. And it may be torment and death I" 11 The Blessed Virgin forfend," said Mandt. Mr Ba'lard, for aniwu, fell on his knees and prayed. Mr Maude, also on his kntas, watched with confused feelings which be could not fathom, but which hsd in Ihem something of superstitious fear, the fierce outpourings of this soul of iron, as he sought Heaven's assistance for a work which Mande had already doomed. The cruel irony of life struck this accursed spy's blunted sense so profoundly, that for a moment 7ie even felt moved to relent, A blind impu'se seized him te tell all j to show himself in his true colors j to rsvsal the die vista of this jour- ney now being consecrated ; to be human— to be pitlfnl for once I But if the birth of such fetlings in such hearts ba rare, their life also is transient. The seven devils which possescei this agsnt were not to be so easily cast ont. Mr Ballard's prayer endtd sad- denly. Mr Maude was still Mr Maade, whtn he, too, rose 'from bis knees, Within an hour, the two, riding fiat by tide, siltnt, but -'nisparable at ever, ware on vheir road into Derbyshire. But though th very flower of his purpose me to be plucked at this journey's end, no -scb fiery speed m» ksd Mr Bal'srl s pas- sags uorthwsri'i a« t'a t which i stranded H?W8, tpffer, »pd baml tb long of the Dov-t road It waB perhaps this very nearness to his design which made him cloak nil emotion under tlis ssmbLnce of Itieurdy travel. This soldier of fortune on ftrl ugh and his spruce sezvIng-maB, aflame as they were with the fire of dreadful intention, moved northwards moderately; inaed for the night st moit frequented houses ; the servicg man extremely attentive, with a sore of strained attention, almost, to his master, but very respectfully keeping his plaoe ; his master bearing himself as tern- psratelyasa Low Country captain might; brasquely civil to fellow- "Travellers on the ro&d; ; dicently festive at th board ; with a good story of adventure always ready to fUvor the wine cup, sni a soldier's glance properly appreaiative of chambermaids' neat ankles. So these two travelled. Captain Fortescue riding leisurely forward, with his serving- inan always closely preBBing to hiB side ; popular with most people, suspected by none ; till on the evening of the fonrth day the gables oi the Peacock Inn at Wingfie d shone against the sanget. Here they alighted. At sight of the familiar scene, Ballard's mi ad went back to the incident of cue ysar before. He recalled hopes th«n aipr«83sd for the triumph cf the Oathol.c Cause, cow so suddenly to be accomplished. His heart burned within him. But he re- mainsd outwardly calm, and desired the landlord to show him to a private riom. Mr Maude, having performed that part of hiB outward duty which lay iu seeing the horsce comfortably quartered, hastened to report ths event to his master. He. found him closeted with another so!-' dier, red-bearded, finry-eyed, whose brazen looks, harsh voice, and defiant manner gave more evidence perhaps of long companion- ship with hard service than was to be noticed in Captain Forteiene's gentlemanly enthusiasm. The stranger's claim to soldier's title was real, and had been gained on des perate fields under th Dike of Parma. Mr Maude eyed him suspiciously. Hs knew the man. Bet bis master nai cot prepared him for ths maeting. He mistrusted ih a secrc- tiyen«B3 Mr Ballard, however, appeared completely at his ease, , ' This is Mr Savage," he said, "who was the first to take this great deed upon him, as i have before advieed yon 1" " Mr Maude and myself are already, acquainted," said Savage. " By report," said Mr Mande. Mr Savage turned on his heel. "By rep rt," he echoed, and spat on the floor. The words were spoken disdainfally, and the action which followed them 'did not inspire confidence.. Mr Maude put his' hand on his sword softly. The other, how ever, appeared neither to notice nor to care what men thought of his actions. A sort of biutsl desperation breathed from him. He strode to the door, opened it, looked ont, as if to satisfy himself against eavesdroppers, then olosed it again, and swaggered up to Mr Ballard "By God, Bir,'' he said, "this politic delay of yours in 'he deliverance of this suffering realm heaves my heart up ! Months since, under Dr Giffoi d's directions at Bheima, I, John Savage, took this deed upon my sole shoulders. By you have I been pus back from it on the plea of sorer ways co be discovered. Time passes; and nothing is accomplished. I have waited for you here these three days. I have a mind to post London ward; myself ont he instant and put end to the business " Suih determination shone in the man's speech and geiture that Maude trembled for the miscarriage of his plan. Tne success of his share of it demanded no such precipitancy. He looked at Mr Ballard misgivingly. But he had no cause for fear. In the preseno i of the real soldier Mr Ballard put eff the soldier's habits. He became the silken priett — resolute as steel, as un breakable. bub in manner pliant and polished. "The enthusiasm natural to / the moment," he said softly, "and,: indeed, inseparable from if, excuses in my eyes such rash ebullitions as these. They are, however, to be avoided, leading as they surely do — as events have so repeatedly demonstrated — to the failure of schemes the most maturely planned, and thence to the quart3ring-blook at Tyburn. No one, Mr Savage, doubts your zjal in this busi ness ; nor, so far as I am aware, .does any oae deny that" you firet took it iipon your self. The question is not one-.of-your intention, but of your capacity," unaided, to carry thet intention safely into-effecb. Of this point, heads, perhaps, sir, more politic than, jours, have thought fit to-be doubtful ; and, in such oase, a little more self- restraint might perhaps become, you in the presence of your spiritual superior," This rebuke was delivered with an easy fluency, an extreme politeness and a delicate irony which barbed eveiy sentence, and sent the lesson intended to be conveied by it straight to the hearer's heart. Mr Savage's brutal effrontery left him ; his bold glance drooped before Mr Ballard's steady gsz 3. What is to be done, sir ?" he asked. "We will dine first, at your good pleasure," answered Mr Ballard calmly, for Mr Maude here and myself have been for hours in saddle-". Then, when Mr Savage had returned from giving the suggested order, Mr Ballard said to him, quietly:— " Has Mr Savage during his three days' sojourn here— whioh I am sorry to have so prolonged — made it his business to dis cover the shortest road to Mr Anthony Babington's at Dethiok P" « i know the road blindfold." " That is well," said Mr Ballard;, "wo will ride there after dinner." j_ne tares sat uowa to a aisa oi trout from the Amber, a capon, and a flisk of fine claret, reserved solely by a Catholic landlord for palates profoundly orthodox Ab they did so, a slow enly-dresied, country- looking gentleman delivered a sealed letter into Mc Anthony Babington's hands as he was pacing the smooth sward of the bowling-green of his house at Dathick, three miles away, his fair head bent in a sort of melancholy dejection, his fine eyes fixed dreamily on a long view of swelling aills, aanset-lighted, and waving purple woods — above which rooks stooped cawing —and green fields along which lengthen ing shadows lingered. Mr Babington no longer resembled the tranced horseman of the year before. A. year's lapse had tinged his life with soberer colours. Before leaving lor France Mr Ballard had sent him wokd that great events might be expected, and also a cipher for future use. But he had heard nothing farther since, and the motive-power which ti his ears had lent vagne hope significance had gradually lost its strength. Circumstances which even to his sanguine enthusiasm seemed insur mountable had parted him for ever from the object of his blind worship. The Queen of Scots was no longer a respect- tully guarded guest at Wfeigfield, Chats- worth, or Buxton, enjoying that amount of liberty whioh permitted to her blind adorer a sight, however transient, of the supreme object of his strange ' passion ; but a close prisoner at Ohartley Manor House, under the lcck and key of a mere Leicestrian, whose precise Puritanism winked at no psccadilloeB. Th great spiritual paision ot a Danio can alone flame unfed, And in tbe wild ecstasy of adoration which had bound young Bab ington a tranced captive in ths long train of victims to Mary Stewart's terrible beauty an eaithlier fire bnrned. A moment's glimpse of her bet we an long absences Bint his blood rioting. Through the length of mad, lonely rides by moonlight, by sunset, over ways which >she might have trod, through scenery whicn her eyes must have dwelt on, madden ing memories cf her stranga physical bsauty hurt his brain. The warm pressure of her long white fingers still seared his hands. A subtls perfums from her gloves, a perfumi peculiarly hire, intoxicated him. Sudden visions presented thtinielvea of her swift walk ; of her figure' easy sway from tbe waist; of the beautifsl wild smile as of sum i w.tch whioh transfigured her pals face suddenly ; of the long-lidded ej «i, now WQlUpg, now tuning wiokesUy like ifoage jeweli, No strayed reveller Bmitten by the goddess roamed more fiercely over the moon lighted slopes of Oit1 icon than Anthon; Babington did over the green hills about hir Dei byshlre home when memories Such as theBe stung him to madtiesi. Then, indeed, be was the fanatia who would have lmpalsd himself, smiling, a zealot who would have walked through fire for a smile. Bnt now that he had been so long parted from the came, the madneei gradually left h'm. Mary Stnart lived in his memory, indeed, as hie lawf el Sovereign treacherously held in bonds, for whose cause all true Cilholic swords should start from their siabbards at her ileaet sign; yet tba, other side of hiB demotion to her — that hidden side, which, unnoticed a it remains, endowid chivalry with real force— began slowly to die out. A marriage, arranged though it was for fortune's sake, helped to smother it. A child was born, and the flame dwindled lower. Bac, faint as it wss, the fire smouldered still, ready at a moment'! notice to bust ont. That moment was come. Ai Babington, wish a curiosity scarcely route took thii lsttar which tbe loutish-looking country gentleman handed to km, a strange, terrible per fume diffused itself. Babington's brain rsaled, His whole blood surged up wards at this scent, which annihilated a ysar's lapss in n moment, and brought him ouce mure in communion with the passion of his life. White as a ghost, he plucked at the fastenings with trembling fingers. Ths lcttsr vai writttn in cipher. The cipher sent to him by Baliard wss now to bs used. Babin ton sank on to a garden bench. For a. space he wai unable to poness himself of hit treasure from shear exc tment. His eyes reeled so in his head that he could see nothing; his hands tremble i, as if an ague fit held h'm.- Then piiafully, with the cipher's aid, bs read the following linas, brief, commonplaae, matter of fact, bar whoB« terrible influence was to set a tregedy in action : — "Trusty and Well-Beloved,— " This is not to assure you of our faith in your fidelity te ourselves, of which we have proof abundant ; but to give yen net that we have heard from our servant Morgan, from Paris, that yonr thoughts are still of us, and wait opportunity solely to fruotify in deeds. Know as well that this new channel opened for correspondence is assured, of which the bearer will more fully acquaint yon.— From C hartley, this day of June, " Mary, the Qeetn \- " To the mist dingnished CUtholio, Master Anthony Babington at his house at Dathick." For some moments after reading it, Bab ington stood staring, aBtounedat this letter, clasped in both hands, as dazsd to all sur roundings as might be somi buccaneer who, after traversing subterranean pass gas, over coming unhearti-c! obstacles, and faint with despair and fatigue, fonad himBolf suddenly at a corridor's turn, alone and living in the inexhaustible treasure-trove of Peru I Pre sently he recovered himself slightly, and from the latter, whioh he still held olasped, his eye passed to the bearer. " And you, sir — who are recommended to me in this ltt«r," ha said—" who are you ?" ' The young man, who was d-sssed simply as a country squire, and looked a loutish specimen of his class, replied simply that hs was Thomas T iff en, master of a neighbor ing estate of Brockley, some twelve miles distant, which Babington kn«w by name. Mr Twiffen further alleged that, in the morning of that day, a Catholic neighbor, resident twelve miles from him, gave him the packet, tolling him no more than that it waB of supreme importance to the causn, whioh was a 1 that his neighbor had been told by a third Catholic squire who had brought it to the neighbor. That no doubt a line of communication had besn so opened to Deshick from where- ev«r the latter came from. Ferthermore th young equire was unable to depone. He was, bo waver, glad that a mitter of seprema importance to th cense had lsd him to thus make the acquaintance of Mr Babington, of whose cr of Siophosnda ! ho had often heard, Would he ride over and soa him on dsyf He, Mr Twiffin, brewed excellent home-beer — or rather his housekeeper dii. He was obliged, but at the moment he would not try a glass of Mr Babington's— having Bomewhat axcteded himself after a day's fishing the night before. Meanwhile, M Babington might understan l that any answer to ths delivered letter might be safely en trusted, sealed, into Ms (MrTwiffon'O hands, when he. would, carry it to his neigkbonr, and his neighbour's neighbour would carry it forward. Wbi.-h explanation Riven, he paid his adieax clumsily, and lurched eff, attended by Bibirgton to his horse. Feverishly Babington returned to th garden. Desperation sat npon him. Was he not in train bewiiche' 7— a doomed mtt, after a brief letpite, stricken again I y tie goddess 7 Subtle, mysterious . essences breathed from th letter clenched in his hand, mounted to his braia, intox'cat d him. Marie was in the air, Erarywhe p, in ths moonlight's stiver sheen finding wood and dale, in the deepest depths i f the garden's verdurous gloom, impa'pable presences fl lated. The air was alive. Pale faces, wreathed iu mystic smiles, peered at him ; white tapering fiagsrs, clogged with strange jewels, beckoned him forlornly to some fantastic goal ; from bush and b.-iar thi metallic gleam of shia'ng eyes allured ; everywhere in this garden, heavy with the roses' scent, visible m«morissof his mistress's beauty riotously thronged. Yanui herself was in possession I Venus in raff and farthingale, with gold crucifix hanging from her waist, and a missal in h?r pale hands, bnt as death-dealing in this gniss as any goddsss of Greek's frenzied vision riling ungirdled from the sea. As faster and fas er his brains riotous creatiois swarmed upon him, the myitic Bide of Babington's passion mingled liseit wiin mi religions encnosiasm, and found vent in one raDturonB exclamation in which 'ove became faith, " Msry ! " ha cried — his hinds stretched forth, his haggard faca turnad upwards to the moonlight—-' Mary 1 Adored I Sacred 1 White Rose of our Holy Ohurch I Qieen of thy Blave's humblest homag- 1 Whatever thou biddest me I will di 1 For thy Bike I will walk through fire I Command m only that thou may'st prove my devotion I T at me now to the bitterest nttermost, now — even now— that thou may'st assure thyself of my faith I " There came, as if in answer to his delirium, a sadden, soft, muffled knocking at the garden's side-gate, it was so soft, so depre cating, this knocking, that the enthusiast supposed at first that it was fancied ; but as it o >ntinu«d almost withont ceasing, bnt always as soft, mafflid, and deprecating as knocking conld be, Bibiugton went suddenly to the door, and opened it. Three motionless figures stood silent in the moonlight. (To be Continued.) 