THE NOVELIST. AvWife's Honor, By the author of 'Sworn Foes,' ?-.-'? 'Revolving.' ''': , CHAPTER XIX. RETROSPECT.' Sfoo/tb woo, to try and win, and be rejected— spurned— never ! She cared nothing for him. There was mutural indifference, and it -was ?well for Loth to rest there. Yet, why that very mom ing had his glance gone straight from the one f aco to the other, comparing them ? Why had such a thrill of fierce anger and alarm struck him when he detected, read the murderous purpose of that fair .woman? Was it that it roused into full life that strong instinct of protection so deeply mipianreu in ;i man's ] ft'ure, a naed of constant guard and -watchfulness, against which, if he let her perceive it, Valerie's proud, fear less, reliant spirit would rebel in scorn? 'Was she really safe in the ne:n; room now ? He dropped his hands, and stole in like a ghost. She was lying with one arm thrown , under her head, the other out over the coverlet, the attitude of restlessness. The chiselled 'brow was slightly con tracted, /as if in pain, and there -were traces of tears on the beautiful face, so ?proud, even in repose, that looked al most as. if it was cut in marble. He stood looking down upon it, oil that beauty, before which Blanche's must have paled. Whathftsbroughttbat expression of pain, those tears ? What made her move now so restlessly, and . her lips move, murmuring ? Ho stoop fid over her to catch a word. '?:' ' Sultan lost? What then? And Gueldre backed May Queen.' ; And .then; with a haughty curve of; the lip, 'I do not like him, Fred.' ' Nor I, by heaven ! muttered V lvian, 'if only for that likeness. Exit' that, top/must be borne. Only let them both beware ?how they. cross my path or harm ibis child of mine,' he added, v.'ith an almost lurid gleain in his dark eyes, 'for my vengeance would stop at nothing.' No. Philip Vivian was a dangerous enemy if his honour was touched. But from that night there was a subtle change within that stsra, haughty nature— a change so subtle that tic was not aware of it himself. 