RELIGIONS IN INDIA, At the Memorial Church last evening Pastor G. loltau delivered an interesting address on "The three religions of India and Ceylon" to a large congregation. Re ferring to Buddhismr, the lecturer said that this was established by a man of very pure life, whose teaching was also equally pure. It had for its aim self-control and universal charity-two things which would be very good if they could be obtained. The priests were, however, the laziest in the world, and Buddhism in Ceylon was nothing more than demon- worship. Th-re was nothing in the religion but coar:enesr. After giving an instructive description of the religion the lecturer went on to refer to the efforts which were being made to Christianise these people, mentioning especially the efforts of friends in a Bud dhist village by a few earnest workers. At their first meeting they had 16 converts, and 12 others remained behind to seek further information, and at the second they had 12 more converts, and 16 others remained behind. At the third meeting he was present himself, and he was struck with the great contrast betweep those Buddhist converts present and the uncon verted, Subsequently he visited the town and found that the Buddhist priests had determined to oppose the Christians, and a series of persecutions were in dulged in to prevent the attendance of the people at the Christian meetings. Christianity was, however, progressing. The lecturer then dealt with Mahome danism in a similar lucid and interesting manner, giving an account of an argument which he had with a Mahomedan leader, in which he advocated Christian belief as opposed to Mahommedanism. The people were, however, the most unapproachable in the world on religious matters, and the only power which seemed to get at them was the power of the Holy Ghost. The religion was that of about forty millions of people. Hinduism was also referred to in an exhaustive manner, it being stated to be the religion of twenty millions. The Indian Trinity was also referred to, together with the different sects into which this great pcrtion of her Majesty'ssubjects were divided. The discourse was a happy one, being interspersed with several amus ing anecdotes, and. in a spirited peroration the pastor urged those present to give prayerful sympathy to those engaged in the work of extending Christianity in the great country. He especially asked the congregation to pray for a lady who was at present an official nurse in one of the Government hospitals, and was unable to release herself so as to join in the great mission work, so that money may be found to purchase her freedom from the Civil Service. This evening the pastor will deliver an address in the Patterson-street Wesleyan Churzh on' "What the Methodists are doing in Southern India," and as he has gained much information on the subject he should give an equally interesting address to that of last night. Afternoon Bible readings will also be con tinued at the Memorial Church this after noon from 3 30 to 4 30 by Pastor Soltau, and to-morrow evening he will deliver an address to the Christian workers of Laun ceston in the same church. 