A BOOK OF THE DAY. ;v ;/.v" $ Mono the world with « Oeptuabenarian. y t ' la cbudKmdx got- op and well lllutntod -TOltlcpo, . totpoctad M.lbtmiM ottlraa rooorf. i ' .'Ui ImnrMdotui oi ft joorosj round tho world (ft lBDO Thoogb prlntod tor pri»»t« drro- \- toHix nnl II _ niT ioJm by tbo plramr. . ini tmlU rf.rW from ita pormol, the pub- llib,, Hour. Ford «od Son, Citlton, wffl ' b.t® miay .ppltr.tioH. lor oopiro, \- It known figure ol Mr W. " l.y.re, hd., U l.o)U»r to molt Mol. bourn. ireldenta ; tew howoter, know that ..th, atald old gentleman, who foe forty year, hai gone out and in \- MOonga t ne, had ipent a stormy and adoon- tnraru yoolh In the BrMih Nary, molng Mrirlco no many wa mooting with nd.cn- ' fa— In many Undo. To hU nawil oxporionooa o'-ta added tbDre ol a plonoor In Canadian fcraota bofom finally settling down In Met- 1 -boiano. Hero by Itrennona and nn- ' Wearied Indmtry, he haa won lor him- ' »elf » portion ol comfort, and tho reipect of Ui fellow-cltlaenl. Strong In wUl, llko .-Xaenjaon'l Utymei, beoohld not bring him-. \- eaif- <i to rait nabarnUhed, not to : ohlne In rue oo In 1890, nooompanlod tqr hla ran, the popnlar member for Carltoo, ha old gentleman itartod to explore now .- hodl and revisit old scenes. In a lalthlnlty kept and nnpretndlng jonraal ol oaoh day'e ''" experiences, be moorded hie imprewlon, of moo and manners, and he has now, in hi. "fifty Years' Altar: or Old Sceneo Ro- . .l.Jt.l t wUm fth«M nerm&nunt; form. In a ".IdBdlfa aodi«7Bptbetio preface, Mr Jamw Moloney; 'with admirable literary toot, Intro. boom bli old friend, and rings up th COrtain. . The jonrsof itself, inoladingvieita to Kgypt, Matin, Italy, France, Great Britain, Ire- 7— Canada, And the United State was a remarkable feat for one of Mr lovers' years, am xnoro remorkablo Is tho personality ro- -mlral in its reoord. To tho keenest kus- oeptiHlity for all that attests material pro gress and prosperity there is added that responsiveness to tho storied and romantic \- past only possible for a well-cultivated mind. Dot note is taken of tho benofltsof British inflame in Egypt, of the new lifo in re generated Italy, of the social betterment of ' the working classes In England and Ireland, and of the social probloms in oourso of solution in the Mow World. But not len Interesting nro tho pas- sages whioh chronicle the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan " And other sacred scenes, by Pompoii, Rome" 1 8tratfordon-Avon, Abbotaford and other ! spots famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as ' a lusty winter, frosty, bat v kladlr," leaving unctiillod tho genuine aatholidlv. of spirit which glow on overy page, nndeidsnod tho simpto, childliko piely, ' ol which this unpretending record furnishes SO many proofs. Wo call one or two extracts lor the benefit of our readers. \- A BENDIGONIAN AND THE RESURRECTION. We were nearing Colombo. During tho ; Might there was heavy rain and a thick fog ; Si mooh so that tho oaptaln, for safety, owed the engines and kept blowing the fog- bora. A Jewish gentleman, who bails from Sandhurst, was woko up out of his sleep by the horn blowing. Startled by tho fearful noise, In theoonfnsion, and only half awake, bp took' It into his bead that the ship was bslng lost, and that it was tho blowing of the horn wbioh is to assemble all the Childrea of Israel In Palestine at tho last day. This gentleman 'was greatly oomiorted on dis covering his error, end said he was in no bturv to visit that country so long as he oouldhelp it, Possibly champagne over night hza something to ao with hu delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." ' "An amusing Incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fibs gibbon : THE HAGIC OF A NAME. " During our brief stay in Colombo wo ' chartered soveral vchioles, each holdiog four nersoos, and made np a party to visit the uuucuB. ciaDvnuu graven, maraeis, ana a famous Brahma temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three tniloe ont we oamo on a' mnseom of very pretentions an- Sranoe. It was then 9 o'olook, and the rkeepor said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as the ourator and other high officials had net arrived. Tho morning was very hot, and wo were all anxious to get under shelter, so my son resolved to test tho power of the Melbourne Corporation Intro- cobtfon.wlth Its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk# letter, on tho ofiiolal mind. It was enoloeed In aenmson morooao case let tered in gold. I, as the senior member of the ' oompany, proseatod it to the door-keopor. He took it tafia# for a few minutes, then the ehlef attendant, aocompauiod by other of ficials, , appeared In person, bowing la ths most oourtoous manner, and motion ing to' ns and our friends to eater the bnliding. 1 suspect ,ho mast have thought us very important personages, as onr credentials were a perfoat 44 opto. scssme,1 end In tbo most polite manner he showed ns all over thu building. Belies of the past of every kind were hereto be men, both in their natural state and pro- aervod— birds, bcaste, fishes, gods and goddesses, jewellery two thousand years old, amor of. ths quaintest kind. Wo thanked the janitor, and aftor the usual baaksbeeih to ' the attendants, badohim good.byo, moon tod oar carriages, tho officials bowing low tq the ground, and drove off." A mournful Interest gives valuo to the following kindly and sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. m 11 Sunday, 9th March.— We expect this evening to enter the Straits- of Bobelman- ' dab, theentranoe to the Rod Sea. Cburoh asnios was oondxeted in the saloon by the \- Bav. Mr Row ; and the Rov. .Mr Bunntng, assisted by Mr Rou, oonduotod two religions aerrloas on theseoond cabin deek. Mr Bun- . ning appears to me to be a very reslous, God- . fearing man. Mrs Banning renders great isrvioa by vbitlog and assisting a lot of poor sick pspplo In tho steerage of tbo ship, and I have neard several of them speak In tho most Sateful terms of her kindness and oharity wards tbem." . POMPEII. " What a mockery of human groatnoM and human vanity is a walk through this silent city of the dead. There la one enrsed section Of U that oonveva an awfnl lesson to all moral thinking man, that apeeial postion devoted to ntmel— vloes, whiob, thank God, a large portion-".#! -the-' Christian world'" is r psvfeotly Ignorant of.- Snoh prao- tieas were dograding to onr common human natnro, but ao debased and aaok. In sensuality most these people have been that tho common sbamo whioh usually aeooapanies theso evil practices was BrtknowntotheQ; In the varloo chambers : where thoae unnatural orgies took place the walls are oovored with fllthr pictures in full detail.' ao well executed that after tho lapse ' uf slsutecn hundred years tnauy of the oolors aod fi gures are stlU perfect, and no one who) wssh them eon fail to loathe those vile prodao- ttau -nod their authors. No wonder, \- X think, -that the same fate that befell the ;-'«ctnsd oltiee pt the Plain— Sodom and -Gomorrah—' whose eltewehad lately visited : the' dead sea shore, befell them. I was >, --glad toobaerva that no females or yontha are , pctalttad to inspeot these rooms; a soldier ; . goes with. eaoh party to see that the rule is oottplled with, As a wind-up to the visit to V, Pompeii, we went to tbo National Muieum, and, as an objeot lesson, it has made to indelible Impression on my mind. ';>,Th«Mexposedtovtew are all the appliance v that make evssy-day life enjoyable i those '-.aaeUut people new all abont them, moot tfcibgs wa enjoy in our dally life are there. , A aad as for the jowallaxy and artlolea In gold ®direr, aet with predooaktonea for female doiaimenL they are thbte In profnsloa. jmub of brsad and oonfoctionery found la tba bakers orees are there perfect In form. 0\. right, too, of the poor bodies of men, woman and children, put as they were pang, some in apparent agony endeavoring to shield ibedr faeee from the burning lava is aa indeed : amongst theea lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped" together In the last mortal agony.1' . Mr lovers found the New Rome ofland booma and jerry-builders' triumphs not at all the Rome of his imagination. He bad however, no cause to complain of bis reoep- tic®. Amoug the hlgh-ptaoed dignitaries of the Pontifical court be found some who eheriabed most kindly memories of Melbourne Bo for the sake of old times difficulties wos smoothod away, etiquette had to relax it rniee, and by apodal favor our author and a party of his feuow travellers bad AUDIENCE OF HI6 HOLINESS, THE POPE. " At a quarter to twelve our party set out In threeoarriegesfor the palaoeof the Vatican, sod were inet at the foot of the grand stair, osie of white marble by the Swiss Guard, a fine-looking aet of men In semi-armor and fafteonth oentuiy dress, armed with long, formidable- looking pikes and short awords; the droM quaint, bnt soldier-Uke. We mounted those beautlfo! stain leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were soon in the midst of, evldontiy, the holiost, the fairest, and the bravest In the land. Soon we found ooreelves In the large apartmnnt ad joining tho Grand Bute Room, in wbioh his Holiuosi receives bis visitor!, and aftor our letter of admission waa " viseed " by offioials of most solemn appearanco, we wero intro duced into tbo reception room, an span mont of moat gorgeous and splendid appearance, with a rich, anolent-tooking tapestry pour- t raying Scripture and historic inbjects. A ralsod vulvot divan ran all round the room, the centre belog altogethtr .we.met before entering tfio reception room I recognised Momleoor O'Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered uague«tat the house of our reAMcted priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O'ConnetL Monaignor seoraed to be a leading personage bero, and spoke most kindly. to us. In the grand reception room we found a crowd of ooolealaaties, ladies gentlomcn, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, Judging from tho atten- tloQ paid to tuom by the home- bold prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a alight buzz was heard, and at the far oorncr through a doorway Ap peared His Holiness.sumnradedby numerous attendants, oardlnals aod bishops. All at onoo fell oo tbolr knoes, and tho Pope, who was dressed plainly hi whit# flannel, or very light oleih, with crimson skull cap aod oroaseion his white shoes, very tbln. slightly boot with years, bnt of a most amlablo ap pearance, oommoncod to pregress slowiv round with a kind word or othor ex pression to every one, signing most of them with tho sign o! the eross on their forehead. Of our oompany Willie and I were furthest from him. I oaught the words Australia, '' " Protestant, ' utterrod by the wrand secretary. When ho waa in front of our company he teemed pleased, and elevated himself when addrMsintr onr non- Catholic IcUow-touriaJfl, speakings kind word to eaeh lady and gentlsmao. When ho reaohed ns, 1 being noorest, ho paused. Tho Oardlnai said, "CatboUa, father and son." Ho spoke in Italiao, aud tho Holy Father laid his hand on my head. I asked ble blotting for self and family, whioh ho imported to mo moit solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss, which I did in the most revoront manner, he pained on to Willia, who waa cridontly much affected, aed dealt with him much aa ho had dono with me. ManyofihevisitorebadqnanUtics of . beads aed relics to rooeive tho Apostolic benodlotloa with thcmtelvM. When tho Pope had gene quite round to tho place whence he alerted, he suddonly advanoed unattended, and alone into tho oentre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating hlmielf to his tallest height be threw his hands high over hie head and said that we were all tbo children of God, our oommnn Father, and as snoh be blasecd us. lie then dropped his loft hand, and signing tho erons in tho air over ns ad, imparted to aa and our families the Apostouo benediction In tho name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. At this moment the toeno was most awe-iniplriog, several ladies and gentlemen, sobbing loudly, and all deeplv impressed with the solemn eceno. Hie Ilolinoas then took his departure, and we wont bsok to our hotel highly phased and edified. " Gladly would we follow Mr levers to x.ogiaoo, aoouana, jreiana ana Amorioa. The Interest of his volumo rises step by stop as he treads familiar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of ehange. There is much that Is new and suggestive In his pio- torea of tho homelands, but our space com pel" as to part from him. There Is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightful volumo, and wo are sure that no one will closo it without an in- ereasod feeling of admlrat«oo and rospeot for tho venerable anther. Johk fcxra. The foregoing appoavod In portion of Saturday's ievuo.J - 