tarua iat5Jer er. "Let all the ends thou asm'st at be thfl Country's, Thul God's, and Truth's." FIIDAY, NOiVEMBER 9, 1804. THE SEVraIcEC AGlTATIOS.--The petition and counter-petition for shire severance are both receiving signatures, as heretofore. We had not intended to devote more space to this oft-resurrected ghost, but do so on this occasion in order that residents in the affected area may estimate how the matter is viewed from outside and unprejudiced standpoints. We draw attention to the articles in this isse--one from the Sheppar ton ierx, dealing directly with the local case; the other from the Age, in whllich the proposal to "amalgamate shires" is regarded as a distinct advance in the interests of the colony, as well as of the ratepayers immedi ately concerned. PsRINCE OF WALES' IRTIIDAY. - Our advertising columns contain particulars of the leading district fixtures for to-day. At Euroa, the annual fruit and flower show is announced to be held, open afternoon and evening. On the latter occasion, an interest ing musical programme will be introduced. At Gooram a concert will be held in aid of the organ fund, and at Longwood a grand ball will take place under the auspices of the Football Club. In addition to these attrac tions, there are a number of private picnics on the tapic, with cricket matches, etc. ILLNEss.-A few months ago we recorded the dangerous illness of Mr. J. D. Peady. Scveral doctors were in attendance and pro nounced the case hopeless; but it is with extreme pleasure we state the case is turning out otherwise, as \Ir. Pcady is able to take short walks daily, and there is every pros pect of a complete recovery. OBITUARY.-A remarkably sudden death took place at Balhnattum on Wednesday, when Mrs. Sarah Trimble, aged 60 years, succumbed to an attack of paralysis. 'the deceased was at Strathbogie on Monday, when stlle had no prentonuitian of impending danger. Dr. Tuthill was called in on Tues day, when deceased was suffering from embolism of the cerebral artery, producing paralysis, tile illness only lasting twenty hours. Tue body will be interred in the Euroa cemetery to-day (Friday). AssEsmLt.v. - The "winding-up" of tile Castle Creek Assemblies will be celebrated by a grand ball in the hall on Tuesday night. Admission 2s 6d, including refreshments. ORANGE BLOSOM.-On Wednesday, 31st October, Miss McElwee, of Middle Park, was united in the holy bonds of matrimony with Mr. R. J. Wallace, of Violet Town. The wedding ceremony took place at St. Anselm's Church of England, Middle Park, the Rev. J. McTaggert Evans being the officiating clergyman. The bride, who was given away by her brother, Mr. D. McElwee, wore a handsome dress of cream cashmere, with cream satin and pearl trimmings, and a pretty wreath and veil. She also carried a large bouquet. The bridesmaids were Misses Wallace (sister of the groom), Froomes, Roumanis, and Edith MeElwee (neice of the bride). All the bridesmaids were dressed in cream foule serge, with old gold trimmings, and hats to match, and each wore a hand some gold brooch, the gift of the bridegroom. The bridegroom was supported by Messrs. Walter, Charles and James Watson. At the conclusion of the ceremony, as the couple ware walking down the aisle of the church, unknown to MrsWallace, her class from the Sunday school all appeared dressed in white, and each one threw a houquet in front of her. They were then driven to the residence of the bride (Mrs. Watson, "Risdon." "Middle Park), where the wedding breakfast awaited them. Toasts were proposed as follows: " Bridegroom and Bride," Rev. J. Evans, responded to by Mr. R. J.Wallace; "Brides maids," by Rev. A. McPhee, responded to by Mr. Walter Watson; "Hostess and Sons," by Rev. J; Evans, responded to by Mr C. Watson ; also a number of minor toasts. In the evening about 20 couples met to indulge in the light fantastic, which was kept up till 3 o'clock in the morning. The happy pair returned home on Friday night, and a splendid reception awaited them at Mr. I. Wallace's, the immediate friends only being present. The bride wore a travelling dress of brown diagonal serge, with velvet trimmings and hat to match, and was thp recipient of very numerous and costly presents. GARDENs Ltccszs.--The following appHll cations for garden licenses have been approved :-Henry Simmons, 2 acres ; J. S. Lewis, 1 acres; WVilliam Little, 25 acres; Jane, Cana, 1 acres, Euroa. ENTERTAINMENT.-The pupils of the Blind Asylum visited Euroa'on Wednesday even ing, and were, we regret to say, favored with very meagre support The entertain ment provided. was a very good one. We draw attention to the correspondence elsewhere relative to further assistance being given to this deserving institution. DeATn.--The reaper Death has once more thrust inl his sickle at Violet Town, the victim this time being Leslie Mitchell, a young son of Mr. John Mitchell. The little fellow, took 'ill ten days. ago with quinsy, and gradually sank, till early on Tuesday morning he expired. IIe was buried in the Presbyterian portion of the cemetery onil \Vednesday, the Rev. WV. Ride officiating at theograve. M1r.James Myers, of Italmattum, has lost a little girl,aged about seven mouths, tie cause of death,becing congestion of the lungs. WEDDING.-A very interesting event took place on Wednesday at the residence of Mr. T. F. Morgan, senr., Earns, when his eldest son, Mr. Ti. F. 1Morgan, junr., wvas united to Miss Sarah McKay, youngest daughter of Mr. A. McKay, Tamlecgh. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Dr. Black, of the Presbyterian Church, anl was witnessed by a great many relatives and friends of the bride and bridegroonm. Three brothers of the bride acted as best men, the bridesmaids being Misses Morgan (sister of the bride groom), Harrisono, and Saxon (cousins of the bridegroom). The bride was attired in a beautifuldressof cream iun'sveiling.trniimned with cream brocle satin and silk ribbon, and ribbon and pearl heads in her hair, with veil and wreath of orange blossom, and white bridal bouquet. The bridesmaids were very becomingly attired in dresses of pink, trimmed with cream lace, and carried bouquets of cream and pink. After the .cerecliony tile guests sat down to at most appetising breakfstr, which the hostess, 1Mrsi Morgan, knows so well how to provide. Justice having been done to tile cood tlilngs, the afternoon was spent in songs, gamnes,and music. After being again entertained at the table, dancing was commenced, many more guests arriving. At one o'clock they were sagiain around the festive board, dancing being afterwards resumed and kept up till daylight, when the guests dispersed to their various homes. Tihe bride received many useful presents. We wish the young couple long life and prosperity. CONCERT.--The pupils of Miss Smith will give an entertainment of song in the Public Hall, Euroa, on Wednesday, 21st inst. The programne will shortly be issued. SocrAL -A social in aid of the children's prize fund will be held in the Miepoll East State school on Wednesday next. All ad vertisement elsewhere gives particulars. THE Borcorr.-On a leading townsman of Violet Town for the fifth time stoutly refus ing to sign the shire severance petition, it is said the " boycotting'' policy so freely indulged in on previous occasions has again been introduced, and the individual in question, wtho is agent for the Age, has received further instructions frsom severance devotees to " reiove my name front your list." Thus the interests of a Melbourne daily newspaper are endangered (?) simply because one iman,in asmall provincial centre, has the courage to stand firm for freedom of opinion ! But why should the poor Alge be dragged into the controversy? Have not the " boycotters" read the fable of the boys and the frogs, and may not the Age pro prietors advance tile expostulation-" What may be full to you is death to is !" LECTRoE.-Tile Rev. Dr. Black delivered an extremely interesting lecture oil "General Gordon" at Strathbogie on Wc.lncsday evening to a large and attentive audience. A programme of music and It coffee supper were other features il connection with the gathering, which was very successful, both front a financial and social point of view. Th'ie following was the programnme pre sented : - Overture, Miss May Johnlson ; song,"'The blue bells of Scotland," Miss E.J. Shields; song, "The land of tihe Leal," l iss Jane Simpson ; pianoforte solo, Miss Grace Simpson; song, "The fishermnan and his child," Miss M. A. Johnson; lecture, Dr. Black ; song, M.r. W. Mackrell; readling, aMr. D). Gordon; pianoforte duet, Misses J. aind G. Simpson; song, "Love's old, sweet song," Miss May Johnson; vocal duet, "Pulaski's Banner," Misses Beattie apdl .t.-.s..a.onnion-;t - pirlororts" solo; l~Iiss Benattie; recitation, Mr. G. Simpson. TilE MuNsclPAL SUBSIDY. - Our friends ill the Eurola Shire would do well (says the SSheiLpurtrrn .ers) to make a note of tihe following paragraph printed from the Agye. It fully bears out the contention put forward a by us on Friday last, that small shires do s not pay:-As a result If the continued seriius reduction in the amount of the Government subsidy, a conference of the shires surroundinstg Kilmore hlas been cn vesned for Thursday, 6th prox., to consider the question of amalgamating into one united shire. Sonme the municipalities have already appointed dele?ates. Should tle scheme be successfully carried out there will be inl mense saving in working expenses. LEGAL Acrms.-TheiCmarried lady teachers have determined to appeal to the law, anud -are now threatening the department withl legal proceedings for wrongful dismisisal. They all were ollered compensation for loss of olfice, but they mnaintain now that, despite the opinion of tile Crown Law authorities, they were entitled to pensions, and a petition to sue has bean liled in the Supreme Court. The teachers claim (1) that they should be reinstated until they are able to claim pensions ; (2) that pensionsshould be paid to thllesii; or (3) that the court shouil grnit them damages. Bearing in mind preovious Ilitigation which the Education department I has had witll lady teachers (says the A!ge) the struggle is one which is likely to be contested until the entire resources of the law are exhaunsted. SAs EXCEI.LENT RESULT. -T Thie overdraft of the Shlepparton Agricultural Society wiill be materially reduced during this year. The rough balance-sheet ill connection with last miontlh'shoow wilhich tihe Secretary presented on Saturdisy showred a profit of £332 lls. CONFLI.TINC S EVIDENCE. - rt tile Euroia Police Coerton Fridaylst,M r.. M. M'Kenina was charged with refusing to sell certain liquor for tile purpose of analysis. Inspector Roach gavne evidene that ie called iat de fendant's lhotel, ansi tastetd some of Usher's special reserve whliskey,r and hie fered 2s for thie pur:lrase of the bottle. The offer was refused by the eflendar.t. The winess then went down thle cellar, aqdl exasminedl other liquor. He also stoated that hlie was perfectly sober. This evidence was flatly contradicted by defendant and John Hauser, burmun, who both swore that the sum of Os was never tendered, an tihat the inspector did not go down thie cellar; but lhe appeared to them not to be sober. The bench dis missed the case, b::t gave no costs. Mr. 1)evioo appearedid: ted' Costiiii5'l)epart mont, and Mr. Ifassett for the defence; . Tri MEnLro0UrNE CUt.-The great race of the yearr was woni by Patron, Devon second, Nadr third. The crowd on tise ground was estimated at 60,000, being a reduction of about 40,000 on Exhibition and "boom" years. A noticeable feature in thie proceed ings was tile large increase of betting women among all ranks of society. EialutOA T-rErr FaaroRy.-At a Ireeting of this Company on Friday last, the balance sheet and report, as appearing in oqr last issue, were received aid adopted. THEs CORRECIT AppRES. -- A few weeks ago a letter posted in London by an indivi, dual who aspired to be a huniorist was~ received at the Melbourne General Post Office, where the address,'sketched in pie torial hieroglypimes, had to be deciphered by one of the staff before it:could be forwarded. The letter was munderstood to be addressed tim, M!r. T. Wall,. blacknsmith, Pyramid Hill, and was sent on there accorujingly. It his since been delivered lto the right qiyner, alld a copy. of thle envelope Ir.has been retaiped among the Post Office curiosities. RESUFLT OF RESULTS SYSTIs.--O W are not prepared to ssort tlhat all crermueries shiould buy milk under the results system,. indeed recent revelations seeim to point to thd fact that the system is faulty in many ;ases i but a story "gojng the roun!ds"about a d?strict supplier wonild seem to point to thu necessity of exgrceqgng soule care in regat' to tin creams valte oqf milkl pur. chasied. Tile story is thlat tlhe spplicr referedl to was on his way.tothe creamery oage niorr?og with a load of milk, when he meot o neighbor who informed him that the test systetm waso abouit to be introduped that day,- "Thien:'ll turn back -nd go hbome," said tl!e supplier; ard ha did, \'lhat the iriference, is. we do not pretend to say, but perhaps tithe supplier thought his milk was so full ,of cream that if he were paid by results the comuanay would be ruined. 