"SPIRITUALISM" SO- CALLED. THE GENESIS OF SPOOKS. (BY THE REV. J. C. CORLETTE, LL.D.) It baa been often observed that this Is an incongruous word, both as to forms of language and of thought. We may take It. however, as an accepted term without committing ourselves to any opinion as to its propriety. "Spiritism" has been sug gested by some as less abnormal; but tho use of either word is but another instanco of our modern disposition to use new words for old things. For "Necromancy" is the | old word for what this movement claims and assorts itself to be. It affirms itself to be a communion with tho spirits of the dead, for the purpose of learning secrets, and of getting guidance as to matters con cerning which the inquirers aro not con tent with evidence that satisfies other men. Whether it is really what it claims to be or not Is one of tho pivot questions of tho subject; at present we let that pass. But "necromancy" is the old word for what it attempts or assumes to be, for tho thing itself is old. A Greek word in origin, from "necros," dead, and "montela," an oracle or divination. It moans, therefore, tho consulting of tho dead, or tho oracle of the dead. The thing itself is old, very old. An cient Egypt presents us with It everywhere. The worship of the dead and inquiry of the dead, alleged or supposed, appear through out the whole religion of ancient Egypt. It Is mentioned as one of tho culminating sins of ancient Jews (Ps. cvb, 28) that they "ate the offerings of the dead;" that is, that they took part in the worship of de parted spirits. It was one of tho "un- cleannessea" of Egypt from which the Divine law strove to extricate them. On heathen Roman tombs tho moat common heading is "D. M." or "Diis Manlbus;" that is. "to tbo divine departed," or "to the gods of tho nether world." Veneration of the dead, growing into superstition and to forms of worship often gross, always de grading, seems to be an. Idea besetting human nature everywhere. Going after the dead for help and knowledge of secrets is a debased religion to which humanity naturally falls when It departs from the God of life, and tho way iu which He would lead us. All China and the East are given to It; in short, all Paganism. SPIRITUALISM AND RELIGION. Going back to the earliest times of Chris tianity, we find the phonomona now called "spiritualist," described by Christian wri ters, and always regarded as hostile to their faith. Here is a quotation from tho Homilies ot Clement (second century). Ho is proposing the question wbero he shall get light as to the futuro and the un- \Vbat, then, am I to do, unless this? I shall go into Egypt, and I shall mako friends with the hieropbouta of tho shrines, and with the prophets; and I shall seek and find a magician ("medium," we call him now) and persuade him with largo hribco (an people do in Sydney now) to effect the calling up of a soul, which is called necromancy, as if I were going to inquire of it concerning some business. And the inquiry shall bo for the purpose of learning whether the soul Is immortal. But the answer of tho soul that it is ira- niortal shall not give me the knowledge from Its speaking or my hearing, but only from its being seen; so that, seeing it with my vory eyes, I may havo a self- suillcient and fit assurance, from the very fact of its appearing, that it exists; and never again shall the uncertain words of boating be able to overturn the things which the eyes have made their own. — (Clement Horn, i., 5). Many of the stories told us about Simon Magna illustrate exactly what we are hear ing to-day about "materialisation," "levi- taUon," and the like. Thus (Clement Horn, ii., 30 and 22) relating a conversation with him — Then Simon said: — "I am aware that you know that 1 separated a soul from a human body; but 1 know that you are Ignorant that it is not the soul of the dead person that ministers to me, for it does not exist; but i> certain daemon works, protending to be the soul." Again, from a narrative of Simon's pro digies — They told me that he makes statties walk, and that he rolls himself on the fire, aud is not burnt; and sometimes be flies; and he makes loaves of stones ... ho opens lockfast gates; ho molts Iron; at banquets he produces images of all manner of forms. In his house he makes dishes be seen as borne of themselves to wait upon him, no bearers being seen. I wondered when 1 heard them speak thus; but many bore witness that they had boon present, and had seen such things. And again, in the "Apostolical Constitu tions" (variously dated from the second to the fourth centuries), it is related (Book vi.,0) that Simon undertook a public demon stration of "levitation" at mid-day before a crowded assembly in a theatre; aud, in deed, be was caiTied up iuto the air by daemons," says the writer, "the people making acclamations to him, as to a god." But ho goes on to say that at an adjuration or prayer of Peter tho Apcstlo, ho fell down headlong with a great noise and had his liip and ankle bones broken. We aro not concerned here with critical questions as to date, authorship, or authen ticity, but simply with tlio fact that the same kind of phenomena mi aro now asso ciated with so-called "spiritualism," and are testified to and admired as a now ro- ; relation, were recorded in the first three centuries of our era, and attributed to magic and neoromancy. They were also oven then regarded an not new, but only as developments, perhaps more than ordi narily vigorous, of evil powers traditional In heathenism, but abhorent to the Christ and His followers. Here Is one more quotation from tho 3rd century. Tor tu llian writes: — Moreover, if sorcerers call forth appari tions, and even make what seem the souls of the dead to appear; if they (eilciunt) j draw boys Into a trance in order to get a , response from the uracle; if, with their j juggling illusions, tliey make a pretence of ! doing various miracles; if they put drciuns i into people's minds (hypnotizing?) by the ; power of the angels and demons whose aid j they have invited, by whose influence, too, ! goats (?) and tables are made Lo divine, 1 how much more likely is tlds power of 1 evil lo be zealous in doing with all its ; might, of iis own inclination, and for its j own objects, what it does to serve the ends of others. (Tcrtullian Apolog. 23). AN ANCIENT SEANCE. There is a remarkable story related by j Ainmlamis Marcellinus (xxix. 1.2'J) of an in- ! quiry under order of the Emperor V'alens into the conduct of a "seance" at which treasonable designs regarding the succes sion to his throne were suspected. The evidence nf one Hilarius, who had taken part in it, was to the following effect: — i Tbcy had constructed a little table, and "consecrated it by invocations of mystic spells and by many protracted manipula tions, and at length succeeded In getting it to move." Upon this they set a rouud metallic dish, on the rim of which tho let- tors of tho alphabet had been engraved. One of their number held over the centro of this a ring hung by a lino thread. Re sponses to inquiries were given by tiie ring's swinging successively to the letters around it. On this occasion, in reply to tho inquiry who should be the next emperor, the loiters THEOD had been spelled out, when one of the number exclaimed, "It is Theodorus!" The witness, explained, in all honesty, that Theodorus knew nothing of what was going on; but for all that The odorus was seized and put to death. Strange to say, however, the successor of i Valens. after his defeat by the Gotlis at AdrlanopJe, was Theodoslus. To realise the circumstances of the Christians of early days, wo must go back in imagination to the prevalence of pheno mena of this sort In all classes of society. The educated and the ignorant alike re sorted Lo necromancy. The streets were full of diviners, astrologers, enchanters ('.'hypnotists). "Daemon" was no dread ful word to Pagan civilisation. It meant only a being who possessed secret know ledge. a divider or diviner of destinies. Daemon inspiration like that recorded at Paul's visit to PhUippl (Acts xvi. ifi) was encouraged and fostered without restraint, arid was sometimes a source of much gain. Daemou possession, with appearances of frenzy, only to be distinguished from insa nity by those on whom the "discerning of spirits" had been bestowed (1 Cor. xii. 10) was au acknowledged and frequent fact. "Curious arts," magic, incantations, per sons speaking "under spiritual control." all these were daily experiences. Without rea lising this in some degree, wo cannot un derstand such passages as 1 Cor. xii. 1-3. — "Now concerning spiritual things (not gifts), brethren, I would not have you ignorant. Ye know that yo were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as yo were led (i.e. by those spiritual de ceits, lying spirits that controlled heathen oracles, &c;). Wherefore 1 give you to understand that no man speaking by the Spirit of God (i.e. by "control" of the Holy Spirit, as persons spoke in the gift of pro phecy) caileth Jesus accursed (says "Ana thema Jesus!"); and that no man can say Uiat Jesus is Lord (i.e. under like spiri tual control) but by the Holy Ghost." Similarly wo come to understand 1 John iv., 1-3 — "Beloved, believe not every spi rit (do not be awed into believing simply because it is a spirit), but. try the spirits (i.e. cases of spirit utterance) whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby know yo the spirit of God. Every spirit that confcsseth that Jesus Christ is como in the flesh is of God; and every spirit that confossoth not that Jesus Christ Is come in the flesh is not of God; and this is that spirit of the Antichrist; whereof ye havo heard that it should come; and even now already is it in the world." THE BIBLE VERSUS SPIRITUALISM. What Is the attitude of tho Bible towards this subject? One of direct and continual opposition. No explanation or accounting for its phenomena is entered Into. There Ls i\o direct express teaching to show whether It Is possible or impossible to communicate with tho spirits of the departed. There Is no removing of the veil of death in this way. Wo are left implicitly to wait until tho God of lifo shall. Himsolf reveal Its se crets to us by the future victory over death. There is indeed a forbidding with horror of all attempts of the kind proposed, to us by tho necromancer. At tho sarno time, some of the phenomena now attributed to spirits of tbo human dead aro there attri buted to demons. For instance, posses sion of a human being by a second will and personality, knowledge of things un attainable by sense, utterance in prophecy other than that by the Holy Spirit. On one memorable occasion, indeed, the "mate rialisation" of the spirit of Samuel seems to have boon granted to Saul. But that was In anger, and as to ono coming in hy pocrisy and apostacy to break a Divine law no had long enforced. It Is tho excep tion that proves the rulo. Otherwise all attempts of this kind were absolutely for bidden to tho Jew. "Regard not them that have fanriliar spirits, neither seek after wizards defiled by them; I am the Lord your God." The Greek version has for the second term a word meaning those who use spells or charms (Lev, xix., 31). Again, "Thoro shall not be found among you .... a charmer or a consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard (hero in tho Greek, au observer of marvels, or signs, a soothsayer), or a necromancer (Greek), 'one who inquires of the dead'). For all that do these things are an abomination unto the Lord; and because of these abomi nations the Lord thy God doth drive them out from before thee." (Doutoron. xvii., 11, 12). In Isaiah (viii.. Ifi) the following of such practices' by servants of God is spoken of with horror and amazement. — "And when they shall say unto you, Seek unto them that have familiar spirits, and unto wizards that peep, and that mutter; should not a people seek unto their God! For the living to the dead!" Folly and degradation, as well as delusion, are plainly Implied In such language. IS SPIRITUALISM A FRAUD? But what of the New Testament writ ings? It has been asserted, with marvel lous effrontery by some spiritualist writers, that tho judgment of the older Scriptures has been reversed or set. aside by these, and that Inquiry of the dead is permitted in them! Is it likely that the Now Testa ment would permit what the Old denounces as abomination? Do we find such contra dictions as this in the Bible? Is it likely that the older Christians recently quoted, rend tho whole Christian Church ever since, have so misunderstood their sacred writ ings? But above all, in the New Testament is the revelation of life, resurrection, im mortality— and that not of the separated soul or spirit, but of man restored. And that restoration is real, not a disembodi ment, but an investment at a future day with a body that shall be Incorruptible. No; it would he impossible, totally contra dictory of itself, for the New Testament to permit our seeking to the spirits of the dead. One fact, however, occupies the whole argument. There is ono Spirit alone to whom we Christians may surrender our selves, or to whom wo may lend ear. One Spirit alone is allowed to speak in the Church of Christ, and that is the Spirit of tho Christ, the Holy Ghost. Whatever tho operations, "All those worketh that ono and the solf- samo Spirit, dividing to every man severally as Ho will." (1 Cor., xii. ii.) The "Spiritualism" so called, the necro mancy of the present day, from small be ginnings has attained n portentous preva lence. From a jest it has become a reli gion. From table rapping and table turn ing and jugglery it has become the pro fessed argument of many for tho existence of an unseen world. We have seen that it is nothing new; that it. was not we in the wisdom of the nineteenth century who in vented it. There is no need to describe its alleged phenomena, and there nan he really j little occasion to discuss whether there is any fraud or none. There may he much ! fraud, for it is only what we might expect: ; but It is impossible to believe that it is all human fraud. It is impossible, first, be cause the world has known tho same kind of thing so long — too long to bo altogether misled as to the actual occurrences. Im possible, secondly, because otherwise the value of all human testimony, all evidence of the senses would be destroyed. Recol lect that not only the ignorant and credu lous, but highly educated, scientifically- trained, and obstinately sceptical minds have confessed themselves thorughly con vinced of the reality oi uomo of the princi pal phenomena of necromancy. Such names as Lord Brougham, Lord Ambcrlc-y. J'ro- fessor Wulhiee, Professor Chulli.s, Dr. Sex ton, Dr. Crookes, F.R.S., are cited as de claring themselves to be under this eon- vlcllon. Professor A. R. Wallace says:"My position Is that the phenomena of spiritual ism in their entirety do not require further confirmation. They are proved quite as well as any facts are proved in other sci ences." ("Miracles and Modern Spiritual ism," p. 20t.) Professor Challls (Astrono my, Cambridge) says: "The testimony lias been so abundant and consentaneous, that oiLher the facts must he admitted to be such as are reported, or the possibility of certifying facts by human testimony must bo given up." ("Ibid," p. 00.) THE ORIGIN OF THE PHENOMENA. What then? Is Hie origin of these pheno mena proved to be what is alleged? Is it proved that they proceed from the agency of spirits of those who are dead? By no means. Is it at ail likely that they proceed from the spirit': of the dead? From which of tho dead could thuv proceed? From tho souls of tho righteous, which aro "iu the hands of God?" Can this be seriously en tertained for one moment? Can those be summoned to rap (abbs-; or untie knots, or to "materialise" at the incantations of those who compose our .spiritualist, circles? The idea is absurd. Are they, then, spirits of the "unjust," oft.ho.se who In this life have forsaken truth and righteousness? is it conceivable or reasonable to think that it is from such as these that light and truth are to come to man? Is it not much inoro conceivable and more reasonable to main tain that when these phenomena are from spirits at all (and not mere human tricks and frauds, as no doubt they sometimes are), they come from spirits the existence of which the Bible reveals to us, and the Christian Church has ever acknowledged- spirits that in malevolence would befool men by any sort of trifling if only they may take us captive and lead our thoughts and wills away from our only truo helper, God in Jeseus Christ, the Lord of all? We may allow that what has been may be again. Men may be "led away" by spirits deceiving them, "lying spirits." There was One who said, "Many shall come In my name and shall deceive many. And many false prophets shall arise and shall deceive many." Are Christians to forget the warn ings of tho Apostles, "Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that In the latter time some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of demons?" And must they not also recol lect that we have to bowarn not only of the leaven of Ire Pharisees, which is hypocrisy, but of the leaven of the Sadducces, which is disbelief In tho resurrection, or In angel or spirit? It is not truly "scientific" to dis regard tho past entirely, nor to be puffed up in our own wisdom and our own ability to take care of ourselves. 