the story of a diamond necklace. I.'.'!?!1! i,w®"®r® losing thoir reputation iln. V y two montln have elapsed linen ons of tho wariest was taken in by "Abra- »ls« an? .now anothcr theme for a firiln '' has been "'forded by one of tlio »m firms of tho oily. Not that tliev naid for a enln.n i i8n ,nerR'd and received a pieoo of -too uf„ ' IR roturn. It would be spinowhnt fill ami!.88 ' til o same trick to be anccosa- ci Hnml?i /i e,i9n.'c : Nor is tho only source itonn. fi ,,'.B mistaking glnas for prcoious bun even? ii'nBi ?"ot w't'1 aonsidornbly more ote nf n, n buy'ne. and it was in the sale of outwitteA .'"VJ'torpieeos -that the firm was tS.,1 I d 11,0 'lcads of tho establishment Ttiii . !"0" not soon to bo forgotten, tious alni.ee' ir&fr; 8 ?reat market for pro- Mae llin lean the jewellers. In question lravo dlinon'il a European oelobrity: for Wjlhlnn nf "i'.8' .w',ih ro said to surpass fsrii Tit 8 found In London or jrwslier'i. «?. repr8a8nt tho highest effort of the '(Mis hnni "? 5 and "nder.attraotivo 8RnV.8? y 8imP'y irresistible, and, for her Wifcof nm.L ! 00,t' constitute the most taialv >rnament oouoelvable. Bntthoy ccr. '»ersarafn.oI",lj 'ho husbands and to Invest In 8 for between who can afford dorn the r f "Iesats. X.'s nooklaoes to he,ir|(, , weeks of the women of their of "Hsfaotlon that was heard "'erred von, il ?, 'w day ff when a woll- fotrodnced i,i?„ 8,0.u','eman entered tho shop, bi. wish »o m«1i 83 Count 0., and express purpose, ho aaf.? 5 h,M4' of firm 'for tho hct, Mr Y ordering a diamond neok- CBe fast. B00rj "amo down, his faoo U lioney frnin M i'i ,' aDdln words "ewoot rrtdiness to do ft "P8 distilled," signiflod his . Wtor; ''UsiA ji diattngniahed reply » a diamond neoklaoe," was the te" uooe bnt ii.r J8" yu bave-" " We a,ff»r. you ,J, „ "'0 beet, oount ; but, tB tastes "i rtooee the oi,« ii 1 8 l,ive here uow, and .« pleases you most." And o' ter tbroufih " uwsass force hiit l oYtiii M 8l;,r,k8 "y ,any with equal between tliom r ni ont' f oannot ohooso them but J uiioW t"111 take one of the head of the firm, » I shouU thh.k "was ! She ii one of our very best customer! " 11 TTnw curious I" remarked the count, will now ! fody «dl0wiinotl7|thrf ncoklao«' to the Ih. i'.iM ci .I0,k In here to-morrow and pay Andtb" "C8rta'"l0y I w»l' (food afternoon! " And the count was gone. " . . wlmbf p<m,<j"td a fow moments over the whole transaction before carrying out the in- P."fe Ur'dor howVio.me d In ' . 8,r- ,TI|o ypung man belonged to ono V'0 Tcry- hs t end richest families in tho mon- archy— provided,' of Oourso, that the name lie kibw f h'" i!y h'iongoA to him. Nobbdy ft? JT«i ? memhera of the family by aight; but thwe w Pa w»» notfar off, and-but no, tucrc no nesd sending over to make in. qmrtes, and there might .be some inconvenience, as tho young man might possibly like to keep f1'8'"'3011?110, hi®!'. besides, there could heno danger in taking the tilings to the lady, for alio was well known to tha firm— one of their bast oustomers, in fact— and 10 diamond nock- laces would be absolutely safe in her hands.. "Anyhow, I will go myself and take them there," said the jeweller, "and see the thing through." Aud lie drove at once to the address given by the oount. It was not the address at which the diva herself had lived wllon she had last bean at his shop ; but then she might hava ohangod it iatoly, and in any case ho would see, and this question of lior address would prove a touohstoQO of the couut's identity. "Does Friiulein AY. live here?" he inquired of the door keeper, as the haniom pullid up at the house. "Yes, sir. Moved in a fow wsoks ago." "Is sho at home now!" "Don't know, I'm sure. But I fancy she is out. She generally is out at this time of day." Harr X., however, wentup- staire and rang tho bell. "Is FrUulain IV. at home!" "Yes, elr." Announoe roe, pleaae." And a moment later he was asked to etop into the drawingroom. " Friiulein AY., I havo oome on a very pleasant errand — to ask you to ohooss one of three diamond neoklaoes, which is destined to vie, and vie in vain, with the oharms bestowed upon you by Nature." " What do you mean ?" asked the lady, whose countenance had assumed the form of a uoto of Interrogation. "I mean that Count 0. has betn oliooainga neoklaee for you ; that he has carefully scruti nised all wo havo in stook, and, having selected these three, neks yon to say which of them you prefer. "Oount 0., did you say!" "Yes: Count Ferdinand O. You . know him, of courso!" "Not I; fisvsr saw or spoke to him in my life 1" " Strange— very Btrango ! Here is . his card. . I daresay he is ah admirer of your delightful singing, and intends to givo a tangible shape to bia appreciation ; and, if I may. say so. he has made proof of admirable judgment in seleoting a diamond nsoklace. I oxpeotod to see him hero : but this is, perhaps, tlio harbinger of hie visit." " Yes, that may he," answered tlie lady, looking ad miringly at the glittering diamonds. "I have often heard of him. Ho is always In the opera, of in kmds »n0W' tak" " Bt88' inter8«t '» musio „fT|h! l?woller 'hen invited a careful Inspection Of the three neoklaoes, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid apcoial stress on the best of the tlireo, wliioli, of course, was tlio most expen- sivo of tlio lot. Half an hour pnased in t,1 Is way, but tha young count failed to put iu on appearonoc. "What do you intend to do!" asked Friiulein AY. at length. " AVell, I sun. pose it is usoless to wait any longer. I eonfido tlio throe neoklaoes to your sale keening. Fiiiu- loin ; I know tlioy will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And when Count O. does oall, and you havo selected one of them, ho will come to us and settle up. It will not last longer than to-morrow, for he has promised to oome In tha morning, in any oate." . And Herr X. took his leave rejoicing. It never onco oconrrod to him that he had left any loopholo in the arrangoment through which a momo, not to say a swindler, could squeeze himself. But therejis nothing liko experionoe for teaching us practical wisdom. . Herr X. had not loft tho salon a quarter of an hour, when the young man who called himself Count O. rushed breathlrss into the room and vehemently demanded the.three diamond neok laoes. "The jeweller, Herr X.," he said, ' has sent mo this moment to say that they were left here by mistake— a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lady s questions ho furthor explained that the count's instructions had been misunderstood. Ho wanted the neoklaoe for Miss 11., who lived in the same houee ho Miss AY., only oiie story higher, 'and a .mistake had keen made in the names. The lady was not in the least surprised. So tills is the solution of tho mystery. Yes - I was thinking mysolf that tbcro must bo some mistake, clso tho count would have called hero long ngo." And alio handed him the preoioim parcel. He expressed his profound thanks and hurried away, and the lady thought no more of her disappointment that evening. Next morning tha jeweller was announeed, and she ordored. the servant to show him in. He had oome, no doubt, to apologise for the mistake, and she reooived him with a smile that told him very, plainly how sho appreciated the fun of it. But ha looked moro serious and businesslike than tho evening beforo, nnd opened the conversation with tho posor: "AVell, Friiu lein, I hope you havo followed my advice, and chosen the neoklsoo I recommended? It is by . far tho best of tho throe; and, as for the stonoa, I oan assuro you that Princess P., when she saw them a few weeks ago—" " But you seem to bs in a very jooular mood this morning, Herr X. I don't quito see, though, whore tho joko comes in. I thought from tho very beginning that tho nooklaoo9 wore not meant for ins, nnd it was yon who suggested that thoy should remain in -my keeping. But the matter has. gone far enough. I don't wish to hear any moro about it." "AVhateio you mean, FrHulein! Has the oount not yet oalied!" "Oh! please stop that ! | You know as well as I do that the neoklaoe was | for Friiulein B. upstairs, and your shopman took , it to her last night." " IVhat, in heaven's name, -do you mean? AVhore arc my diamond neok laoes!" And Herr X. was as palo as a ghost as . ho asked tho question. Friiulein AY., equally , equally astonished at hie horrified countenance, : told him all that had taken placo after his de parture tho evoning beforo. "My God 1 Havo ' I been victimised by a olever swindler!" he ex- claimed, when it was ended, and paced the room like an infuriated tiger in tils ecge. After a time ha stopped suddenly, and turn ing to the diva, said, "Friiulein, will you kindly aoeompany me at onoe to tha shop ! I want you to tell the story that you hare jnst narratod to the police, and to put them on tho track of tho sooundral at onoe. It may yot bo possible to. reeovor the' property ; but wo muBt be very qutok." Miss AAT. ungraolously signified her nssent, and the pair harried oil to the ebop with feelings too stormy for words. Herr X. opened tho door, which Bet a number of eleotrio bells ringing, and, to his utter stupefa'otlon, beheld tho m windier' standing at the counter with some | neoklaoes displayed before him. The joweilcr pounced upon him as a- tiger upon its pray, but tho young man smilingly pointed to fo® precious stonos nnd said, "Thoro aic your neoklaoes. Now, liHten— " "You, air, area , "Now, do be onim, please, and let me finiBh what I havo to say ; then yon may talk ae much as you like," "Count 0.1" "That's mo ; and I have oome to compensate you for tho little joko I perpetrated. The faot is, I made a hot with Count 8. that- 1 would go to the bsBt firm of jewellers In Vienna and deprive them of tho possession: of a lot of jewellery for at least ono night— of courso solely foi tlio pur pose of winning tlio wager. ' I havo now seorod a brilliant sueoess, and won the stakes. It only romnhis for me to express my profound thanks to Friiulein AY., who so. ably, if Involuntarily, seeonded my efforts." And tha oount ecleoted, not iudeod a diamond noeklaoo, but a magnifi cent bracelet, and requested Fiiiulein AY. to honor him by wearing it as a souvenir of the curious inoident in which sho had played such a prominent part. : The jeweller, relieved.. on. recovering his diamonds, was porfcotly paoified by the Bale of tho costly braoelot and tho -promise of the oount'e future oustom. The young man. him self, in addition to .his satlsfaotien at having won tho extraordinary bet, had reason to con gratulate himself on tits fortunate oiroumstance that tho polico did not get wind .of his doings lltlti! til ftv warn Itnnwn fn Iia a mnvn I joke.- -Daily Telegraph SIR CHARLES HOLLED SMITH, C.B., K.C.M.G., THE NEAV COMMANDANT. 