a4 Euburg 14ahqp .1 Fair Field and No Favour. OCTOBER 6Tn, 1894. -: o: News and Notes. The Japanese Fete and Bazaar in aid of the Christchurch debt and schouiroom will be opened in the schoolroom, Glenlyon-road, Brunswick, on Saturday, 6th October, and each evening during the following week at 7 p.m. Japanese procession, dances, farces, songs and palmistry. Admission, Gd. The Shire Secretary of Coburg, vas instructed by the local council on -Monday evening last to forward a letter to OCr., AMethven, late M.L.A., thanking him for his valuable services to the ratepayers. By our advertising columns it will be seen that the fourth term of the Eruns wick College commences on Monday, let October. The more a man does to b3autify a place and make everything look com fortable and happy in these times of destitution and want, the less he is thought of. This is apparently the view sonie tmean contemptible person takes of Mr. Neville, the genial station master at the fBrunsoick Station, who for some considerable time past has spared neither time nor expense in an endeavonr to beautify his station, which bIow presents a. tmost pict !rc.':es ? it jpeair ance. Pot plants, sha bs, ferns, and many various kinds of flowers are to be seen growing oin the station throwing off a beautiful ordour. All this work, in the eyes of soute miscreant, is un noticeable, and in order that Mr. Neville might be put to a little more expense attd trouble, some person threw a stone throngIh a large glass fish clse containing some 24 gallons cf sater and about a dozent different epecies of fish. Tlis audacious crime was comtiuitted betweent tbhe hours of 12 o'clock on Sunday tlight andd: 5.30 1Ionlday morning last: All umatches for thle Hemingway and Friedeberg Trophy; commences this. afternion . ' a A flower sersice 'is to. be ".conducted in the ". West' Brunswick WVesleyan Churchi to-morrow., lnder the anuspices?,of the Ancient York Lodge of'Frcemaspas, No. '80, a granid choral service is announced to be held in St. Johbn'siChurch:of .England, Coburg, on Sunday afternoon, the 4th November, at 3 o'clock.. The service will be tdnducted by the-Rev. J. Caton,; Incumbent ,of, Holy :Trinity Church, wailst the choral portion of the service will be, rendered by the St. John's choir., .,The number of cases of typhoid, fever reported& to, tlte Boardi of Health last, .week, throughient,the colony were 11. with 2 deaths, as compared with 3 cases and,1.deathlin the corresponding week1 of last year. ! Of the cases reported: last iweek 6': occrred in.. the Metropolitan area, 1 of them provimng fatal, as against .2 cases and ideath in the final week of September 1893. Last week 14 cases of diptheria were recouded, with 3 deaths, as against 16 cases and 3 deaths i thte same week of last year. The members of the Victory Bicycle Club have shown by their performance in the series of inter-club races that they are the champions, leading by no less titan 499 points. Last Saturday's race i proved this beyond doubt for all riders ' gave up. the ghost," and the Victory Club finished 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th. The time for finishing the race was limited to eight hours, and by all appearances the riders took things indeed very coolly. On reaching the turning point they were something like 25 minutes behind the usual time. Taking no notice of this, they dis mounted their t aechines, and. went and satisfied the c:avings of the inner men, which occupied another 25. minutes After partaking of a hearty meal they re-mounted and rode steadily home reaching the winning post 18 minutes before the limited time had expired. The Anniversary services in coinec tion .with the Bruntsw ick .-YWeleyan Chuorh ivill be continued to-morrow. A respectably dressed man named James Graftonwas charged (on beil) at the" Brunswick Court on Wednesday lst'witlh being drunk. The defendant pleaded guilty. Sergeant Blrwn deposed as to arresting him. He is well known in lBrnnswick and had 0u ver tcen before the court previously. Tihe belch decided to discharge the accused on condition that he should tni' 5s in the puorlbox, which he readily did. A pcer old woman 60 years of age, who along with her husband, had trartrsed the bydney-road with their swags on their backs, r td who had too be assisted Iti a seat in the Brunswick Court on Wednesday charged with hav ing no lawful isible mteans of support. Constable Seddon stated that at about seven o'clock on Tuceday night last he observed thie woman sitting on the vacant allotment opposite the tram sheds. Her husband, who is also a very old man had gone ' Perkville during the after ncon, and up to the iime witness found the old woman he had not returned. She was very feeble for want of nourilshmetnt, and having nothing in her possession, as an act of ol charity, he arrested her. Thebo bench sentenced her to 12 months imprisoti ment. Housebreaking and pilfering from empty houses are prevalent offences just now. During the past fortsighlt several untenanted liuses itl East Brunswick have been entered, and in some cases the tenements Imave been quite denuded of their gaslittings, which were ruthlessly torn from walls anld ceilings, ovens, and washing coppers also being taken. During the September quarter 266,439 oz. of gold have been received for coinage at the Melbourne liint from the fellowiag sources:-Victoria, 113,437.23oc.; New Soath Wales, 172.35oz.; New Zealand, 9,899.490oz.; South Australia, 11,726.08o. ; Tasmania, 14,092.64oz.; West Aus tralia, 44,599.150s.; light gold coin, 102.95oz.; unknown, 1,409.91. The land of every country, is the common property of' all the people of that country, because the Creator made it as a voluntary gift to them. That which nature provides is the common property of all God's children; that which the individuals creates belongs to the individual ; that which the community creates belongs to the community. There is a decided majority in favour. ot extending the franchise to women Fortunately for the women, it is likely to take a more practical. and concrete form than it did in New Southi Wales. The one man one vote will be bracketed with tie one woman one vote, and both will be carried together as the adult vote. At the Coburg Court on Tuesday morning last, some queer expressions were given vent to in the case of alleged horse stealing. Two witnesses swore that the date, a " can't be found " man named Johnstone sold the horse to the defendant, was on the 12th of Septimber. When asked as to what made them certain of the date, they replied " bacause they read the Age." 'But," asked the prosecuting sub inspector, " Do you take the Age every day ?" "Yes" was the answer. " Well, how can you make so sure of the date ?'"' "Because I read the Age," was the reply. On Tuesday morning last a horse attached to a trap bolted from Phoenix street ·along the Sydney-road. Vh en seating Mr. Stranks' promises, a horse attached to a buggy there also took fright and bolted. Mr. Strauks'.buggy ran into a greengrocers cart and was turned clean over, and in a few minutes fron this the horse thtt bolted from Phounix-street, also ran into the fruit cart and was turned over. Fortunately so damage of a serious nature was done. On Thursday evening next a pound night in connection 'ith the Brunswick branch of the Australian Natives will. be Ield in the local Mechanics' Instittite. Admission by ticket. The Harbinger. of Light for this mouth is full of interesting matter, and can be obtained at Mr. Foreman's, news agent, Moreland. 