Was It a Spirit. 'It is such a chainee?' says he, getting up from his chair, and begin ning to -walk with feeble, but excited-, steps up . and down the . room ** It may never come to me .again. . If. once I got on to that paper, Mary,' turning eyes, sunken and hollow, indeed, but now burning with fever, upon his young wife, who is sitting watching him with loving anxiety. ' '? I feel — I feel as if I should have ; taken one step at all events in For- j tune's direction. But my brain — it j refuses to work. Try as I will, no plot — no scenes ?will come to me.' He sinks into his chair again. A heavy sigh breaks from him. 'You forget how weak you 'are still,' says Mrs. Dormer, softly. ' Give up this thought, Dick. You j cannot work yet. That fever has left ' you very low and tired. Write and say you cannot attempt this story.' ' What nonsense ! ' cries he, irri tably. ' Do you think we can afford to throw away such an opening ? Have you thought, Mary, that actual want lies before us ? And now, too, with Christmas approaching, and — and — .' His slight touch of temper dies away, his fine and tender face grows sad. «' And with the coming little one to think of. Oh, my poor girl ! ' In an instant she is on her knees beside him. With divine tenderness she encircles him with her arms. ' God -will look after us all,' says she. ' Do not despair. I am not uneasy, Dick, really. What ?would make me uneasy would be the thought that you were trying to 'work your brain now, when you are so ill, so weak. What would all the money in the world be to me if I lost you? For my sake, darling boy, be patient.' ' I try to be. Don't mind me. Mary, if sometimes I speak crossly to you, you know how it is 'with me — you know how I like you.' They kiss each other, fondly, sadly. ' But, just think -what a chance lost it is. Where is Merrydew's letter ? Ah ! here it is.' 'Dear Dormer, — I hear Benson, editor of the ' The Universal World,' has been disappointed about his Christ mas story. The man who was to have written it died suddenly. He is now on the look out for something. I mentioned you to him. He sniffed a little — you are young 'un, you know, in the field of fame — said if you could send something in next week — about 25,000 words — he -would look at it. Couldn't promise possibly to take it ; but it struck me as being a chance for you. Hoping you are better. Kind regards to Mrs. Dormer, &c.; ? ' ' Such a kind letter !' says Mary. ' There is no one like Merrydew. And now to let the whole thing go !' He looks at her despairingly. In truth it is a hard case.' Dick Dormer had begun life with £10,000, inherited from his father. This sum he had invested very advantageously, and coming up to London, fired with the thought of being a second Dickens, he had thrown his whole soul into his efforts to rise to the calm waters of an assured literary success. jieyona doubt he -was extremely talented, but circumstances were against him. He had barely, indeed, established himself in London when he fell in love. This naturally took his mind a good deal off his work. Then, the interest of his £10,000 bringing hirn in something close to £400 a year, he married Mary Merton — this, however, must not be counted against his misfor tunes, as any man who married Mary must have felt himself the richer for it. After his marriage he had applied himself to work with steady force, but a fever raging just then in the locality around him had caught bin? and brought him to death's door ; and hardly was he raised from bifl sick bed when the sudden failure of the bank in which all his money was in vested stood out in large letters in all the public prints. This meant ruin. Now nothing was left him but his pen to support his wife and the expected little one. No wonder when this letter came from his friend Merrydew that the poor fellow's heart sank, and his courage gave way as he felt how impossible it was, in his present state of weakness, to accept the tempting, offer open to Tvvra, 'If I could only concentrate my mind,' says he. He presses his hands to his temples. They are burning. 'There is time yet. A whole week,' says Mary, earnestly — though she has no hope of his being able to under take the task. ' Only 25,000 words. You could do it in a hurry — at the end — if you gave yourself a rest until then.' Poor soul ! Her one thought is for his healtn. ' How can I rest,' says he, ' when I think of you ? And yet, Mary, what can I do?' ' Why, iest, darling,' says she. ' If you want to please me — do that.' It is midnight. .Dormer being awake, afraid to stir least he should disturb his wife, is thinking of his future in a very gloomy fashion. No health, no money, no prospects ! And this great change that had come to him, to be perforce flung aside. A very madness of despair seizes hold of him. Oh! thathis brain would but work again asit used to three months ago ! he might then make at least an effort to win a place in « The Universal World.' Such an opening ! He has sufficient faith in himself to know that, once given a start, he could outrun a great many in the road to fame. \- The damp breaks out upon his brow. How in the dead darknees he struggles with himself, his inner self. There had been a thought — early last week it had come to him and faded — faded away hopelessly ; he could never catch hold of it again. Now for an in- j Btant it comes to him again. ~* j Oh! to grasp it before it leaves him forever. ??.??? -\ , It was not much of a plot, but it -was something— a settled idea, at all events. And of late his ideas have been all vague. He puts out his hands to reach the sheet of paper and pencil he usually keeps on the table at the side of the bed to_scribble on it any thought that may fly to his mind during the waking hours of darkness. This was a habit of his before his terrible illness, and, with a sort of superstition, he clung to Almost as he takes hold of the paper his brain ?Pail a him again — that me concentrated thought has vanished. \\. groan breaks from him. Great heavens ! what is this ! He s still clutching the pencil in his | land, and now another hand descends ipon his ; holds it firmly, compels it io write on the sheets of paper beneath. The cold of that hand leems to smite his very heart. He tvould have screamed, but that the power to do so is refused him. Rapidly, hurriedly his hand glides mi the paper, impelled by the ghostly :lutch ! Sheet after sheet is filled. His hand is moving, but without his volition. His brain seems dead. Once lie puts out the other hand, -waving it frantically to and fro in the darkness, where somethingt — ought to be — but it suts the air clean. And still the other hand works, driven by nimble fingers, until the nf th sheet is full. Dormer, at the movement that tells him that the sheet is to be pushed aside to make room for the sixth, makes a violent effort. He rises from bis pillow, and hurls himself forward. His hand is released. He remembers nothing more. He had fainted, probably. Just now the first dull gleams of light are entering the room. As he opens his eyes he gazes drearily at them. They axe coming in through the shutters. He turns on one side, and wakes gradually to a fuller life. He feels tired— very tired, but, extraordinary this — so much fresher, better alto gether. What has happened to the strange dulness that oppressed him only yesterday and every day from his illness ? Tired as he is, he feels as if he could now run a race with many a man. And that dizziness — that brain worry ! It is gone, too. How clear, how bright he feels ! All at once he remembers. That dream ! What a dream it had been ! Of course, only a dream. He raises himself, looking first at Mary, who is sleeping sweetly, and then, with a laugh, at his own folly, at the table next him. He turns as white as death. There, on the table, the five sheets lie closely written over. Hardly darJDg to breathe, he steps from the bed, and catching them up, gets inside the ?cur- tains and opens one of the half an inch or so, and gazes at the manuscript in his hand. It is not his own. -writing. A sensation of sickness overcomes him for a moment, his eyes still fixed, he stares down at the papers in his hand, his mind catches the meaning of the story written on them, and -'8 artist soul awakes once more. It is a grand story — sublime! The merest outline of the plot is given, but he can follow it. Breathlessly, he fol lows it up to the end of the fifth page. There it stopped. But, somehow, he knows it. The end — there could be but one end. He leans against the half- opened shutter working it out. He feels half mad -with joy. Oh, hasten day ! come and give light to begin my task. It is ten days later. All day and night he had^ -worked at this story until it stood out clear and brilliant. He had folded it. ' I shall take it myself, Mary,' said he. ??God go with you!' returned she very softly, her eyes suffused with tears. And now for six days they have been waiting for an answer. Six days of terrible anxiety. The one good drop in Mary's cup had been that Dick's health had grown steadily toward perfection ever since that dreadful night. He had told her of it, and she to this day persists in the belief that he dreamed it all. Had fallen asleep and written that plot while lying unconscious. And he has let her think it. But he himself knows that it was not so. Six days with starvation staring you ' ' illXC J.£bl»-2 IS OU CI/CUUVJ1. JUL1U.CCTU, this evening, sitting over their miser able fire, hand in hand, despair has so spized upon them that they have no words to give to each other. Dick takes up the poker in a me chanical, heart-broken sort of way and would have poked the fire, but Mary, with a quick movement, stops ttJTTl ' Don't. It will last longer if you don't stir it.' If she thought, she -would not have said it, but hope deferred was master ing her, and now, hearing her own words and all that it meant, she gives way entirely, and bursts into a passion 'of tears. ' Mary 1 Mary !' cries her husband, what words can describe the anguish of his tone! He catches her to his heart ! It is at this moment that a knock is heard at the door. Both spring to their feet. 'Gome in,' says Dormer. The door is opened, and an elderly gentleman, very sprucely got up, and with an orchid in his button- hole' comes forward. « Mr. Dormer ?' asks he. 'Yes,' says Dick Dormer, coining forward ; «I— You wish to seer 'You must let me introduce my self,' saya the fashionable elderly ; gentleman, -with a beaming smile. ' Mrs. Dormer, I presume ?' with a charming bow to poor ,Mary, who is ' trying so to stand that the traces of tears on her cheeks may not be seen. « I am George Benson. Benson, you know/' with another delightful.amHe, ' of tbe Universal World.' Dick's and Mary's hearts stand still. They even forget to offer the great man a chair. The great man, who has been looking round him (though no one would have known it), at th:e room, the furniture, the carefully'eon cealed poverty everywhere, takes- in the situation in its entirety. - ; ' Your story, Mr. Dormer,' says he, dropping into a chair next him, because he knows they will be terribly upset afterwards when they remember they showed him no. courtesy. ' I am so enraptured with it. It is beyond praise. So free the style,' so^er^en lightened. I really thought I'd like to come round and see you, and tell you myself what I think of it. I like- to encourage young authors when -they do show talent.' ' You mean, sir, that ? ' ? ?.: ' That I accept your story for our Christmas number, certainly. But I mean more than that, Mr. Dormer.- ? I hope you will see your way to placing yourself on my staff. I have a vacancy just now — and if you have nothing better in view ? ' He breaks off. It seems a little ironical. * . Dick's tongue seems cloven to the ? roof of his mouth. . It is Mary,, after all, who speaks. She has seen that Dick ought to speak, but that he can not. Then she wilL -Fired owijbhj .ibis noble resolution, she comes i for ward. . God knows what words were on her tongue, but all she says is^ — ' Oh, Mr. Benson — Mr. Benson 1 ' ' Never mind ; never mind,' sayB he, patting her arm. His tone is .a little husky. ' I can see, my dear child, quite plainly. Good days jSrst, then bad days, and now ' — he tapB her lightly on the cheek — ' good ;days once again ! Good days that . will last, I think,' nodding bin head at Dormer. ' In the meantime, can I have a word with you ? Good-bye, Mrs. Dormer. My wife will . be anxious to call upon you if you. will name a day. Good-bye.' . -:. Outside he pulls a bundle of notes out of his pocket, and places them in Dormer's hand. : . : : 'My dear fellow, on account, ..the rest later ! But — I've known trouble myself, Dormer. Don't be offended now. Not a word!' . .;?,;? When Dormer gets back he and Mary fall into each other's arms silently. Not a word is spoken I . But, afterward, when a very lovely fire is burning, and they are toasting their toes at it, and toasting Mr. Benson, too, in. something else, Mary speaks.. ' Was it a ghost ?' says she. ' It was,' says Dick. ' I couldn't think otherwise. But for all that, Mary, I feel that I can take up this position he offers me and not disgrace it.' 'I'm sure of that, at all events!' says she, bringing down his face to hers. She never could believe ha that ghost ; it seemed to take away Dick's talent. 