. VERY LIKE A WAIL The sacred cause of Federation has not received much illumination or acceleration from the lengthy harangue delivered by Sir Henry Parkes at St. Leonards last night. If the policy could be requickened into life by any merely verbal incantation the out- pourings of tho ex-Premier would suroly have evoked some motion from its suspended animation ore now. He has careered around the prostrate form, distilling over it every variety of phrase, ever since his own abandonment of the spell which was to endow it with definite and perennial vitality caused it to fall into a cataleptic trance. In this latest gush of language at St. Leonards it is vain to search for any fresh infusion of ideas. Tho wizard had pronounced long ago all the for mulas of which ho is master, and the " words of power " having once boon uttered, he has evinced ever since an incapacity to do more than keep on re-arranging the syllables and try tho effect of fresli combinations of their sequence, and altered modulations of emphasis and expression. Thus tho audience of last night had to be content with hearing tho changes rung in the old cadences. The familiar historical reference to the respectable antiquity of the idea of Federation was made. Tho revered shade of W. C. Wentwortii was, as usual, invoked from the Great Beyond, and when it was supposed to have had its effect, a suggestion was insinuated that, mighty as was Wentwortii, he had not the same grip of tho question ns one mightier than he — the groat person then speaking. " It was quite clear that Wentwortii had on his mind some general federal assembly which was entirely short of a complete Federal Government." Having thus climbed up on tho head of Went worth's ghost — which unfortunately was a silent spook find could not talk back — the orator bestowed on his audience an inflated announcement which should have sufficed to fill the largest eai'3 right up to the flaps. The Federation of Australia was, he had the effrontery to inform them, " the greatest question that could engage the wit of man 1" The usual reference to Mr. Lecicy, whose occasional replies to his letters Sir Henry is from time to time obliging enough to hand to the news papers, followed, to be succeeded in due course' by - the ' old crusted argu ment about now being tho time, the fine, old ripe reference to the proximity 'of the Chinese Empire— the popula tion of which, we observe, lias made a rapid growth of 100 millions 'sin do Sir,- Henry ' last -referred to it. The pqpulation : of India was also, probably " for this night Only, thrown in to augment tho effect,, apparently with a view to the political utilisation of the Indian hawker. Next the Australian national sentiment was deftly'- tickled by a lovely reference to' tho immense influence in the councils of the Great Powers, which would bo swayed— of course — by " a united ; commonwealth, free as the wind, though still holding allegiance to the grand old parent land" — -good old mother— "as1 a great independent though affiliated nation" — whatever all that may, maun when analysed. The borrowing /facilities were alluded to. in their piace. One novel feature was then introduced, just as a stage' manager thrusts a topical gag into an old play to please the galleries. The unemployed .difficulty would be more readijy solved by a Federal Legislature in the speaker's opinion. The only drawback to this valuable- suggestion was that he omitted to' -indicato in what way that would work out. The frivolity of the present Legislature of New South Wales, and the usual chunk of quotation from somebody's history of something completed the effort.- / There is bubjone thing to be said to all this. Admitting, for argu ment's sake, that every particular is accurate and beyond dispute, what is true' to-day was equally-true three years ago, when Sir Henry Parkes was Premier of New South Wales, and the Federation movement still retained the impulse imparted to it by the first enthusiasms. The whole tenor of Sir Henry's deliverance last night was that delays are dangerous, and - that nothing should supei-sede an object which concerns " the greatesc ques tion that -could engage the wit of man." Yet who is mainly re sponsible for the delays which have occurred ? It was Sir Henry himself, in the height of his power, Premier of New South Wales, fresh from presiding over the Federal Convention, who deliberately shuffled the consideration of the Constitution Bill from the top of the business paper tothebottom ; who, when tliedebato had been absolutely fixed for a particular day, shirked the ordeal, and who shortly aftor threw all his oppor tunities to the wind because he could not agree to coalminers working on piece having eight hours fixed by enactment as their maximum time of labor. When people recall these pregnant facts to' mind, how weak, how vaporish, how disingenuous must' appear Sir Henry's declarations; of devotion to-day. But -.the' key to the entire position has been furnished by himself. In the current; number of the Review of Reviews hp remarks, in the .course of an essay on delays in Federation; that " a cause so sacred can only be en trusted to whole-hearted believers." In short, the cause must be pushed by some whole-hearted believer, who must have a position of power to do it. Parkes is the only genuine whole hearted believer. Ergo, Parkes must be put in power. Q.E.D. 