THE MERCURY. I HOBART: SATURVA Y, MAY SG, USA -. EPITOME OF NEWS. Mr. Jonathan Best headed the poll yesterday for Deloraine election by 32 votes. Elwick Races official book to be had from runners, and on the course. Trains for Elwick Races today at 12.30,1, and 1.30, returning at 4.40 and 5 p.m. Launceston express on Tuesday will reach Hobart at 5 46 p.m. Tasmanian Institution of Surveyors auspiciously inaugurated last night. City Band, weather permitting, give a concert to-morrow afternoon in the Botanical Gardens Grand items announced. . Chamber of Commerce meets on Wednesday afternoon to consider proposed Customs alterations. Liquidators of Launceston Omnibus and Tramway Co. call for tenders for purchase of the )business in one lot as a goincjeoncorn. Hobart Coffee Palace Co. shareholders are requested by secretary to apply for their scrip. Main body of Mount Lyell pyrites proved at a depth of 170ft. from No. 3 tunnel. Assays very rich in copper. Heavy weather has retarded practical investigation at Mt. Huxley. Mr. Montgomery, Government Geologist, returns to Hobart by Monday's steamer from Strahan. Silver quotation, 23. Rear-Admiral Cyprian Bridge spoken of as Rear-Admiral Bowden-Smith successor on the Australian station. Golconda G.M. Co., W.A., capital £75,000, fully floated in London. Prices unchanged, and brisk competition in London wool sales. Sir George Dibbs wants to unite Victoria and New South Wales in one Government Successful operation for cataract performed on Mr. Gladstone's right eye. Quarrel between Portugal and Brazil amicably settled. Indian Government issues 3 per cent, debentures to the extent of £6,000,000. Port Said rioting not yet quelled. Blue- jackets and police reinforcing local authority. S.P.O.Rt Society likely to give Ballarat Cathedral £1,000. Tin quotation £71 cash, £71 15s. at three months. Wesleyan Conference at Adelaide concluded yesterday. Victorian Women's Suffrage League yesterday interviewed Premier Patterson. In the vernacular he "stalled them off." Melbourne Tramway Co. make another 5 per cent, reduction in wages and salaries. Estimated saving £7,000 per annum. Lord Rosebery says his Government will again attempt to settle the Home Rule question in accordance with Irish ideas. West Australian Government offering in- ducements to single women as emigrants from England. Imperial Budget Bill has passed through Committee of House of Commons without a division. Labour riots in Pennsylvania and Indiana. Police and colliers lighting. Many killed on both sides. IT may be true that " fine feathers make fine birds," but it is not true that fine speeches make fine actions. This is specially the case in regard to the great subject of Federation. The speeches and the sentiments expressed in regard to it are as fine " as a man shall see in a summer's day," but they are, we are afraid, very much like the " prave words at the pridge " of PISTOL, to be followed by the eating of many leeks, and the doing of many foolish and cowardly deeds as well. We see that Sir T. M'ILWRAITH has been holding forth in London, once again, in the usual style, at a complimentary dinner which was given to him, and declared that he was a stronger federalist even than Lord RIPON. We do not know that Lord RIPON is a very strong federalist, or, indeed, famous for anything except certain very foolish doings in India, which proved his incapacity to master some fundamental facts connected with the art of government. However, whatever may be the case as regards Imperial Ministers, who, probably, are quite willing in these days to leave the colonies to their own devices, nothing can be I more certain than that 'the practical I and theoretical! opinions of colonial public-men are white as the poles asunder. And it is this which causes the true federalists to despair. Most people know how to meet " the open, manly for the student of history and the practical federalist of today can meet their honest enemies, they can overthrow their arguments, and they can bent down their opposition. but what are they to do with their so-called Monds ? There is no knowing when or where to have these. They are' incessantly betraying where they are pretending to help. They pass abroad as men of large and liberal ideas, but at home we know that their federal minds are, as DANIEL O'CONNELL once said, like vinegar cruets. Herein lies the difficulty. Mr. REID, the Victorian Minister of Defence, for example, in London, is as anxious to trade with Victoria as freely as Middlesex trades with Surrey across London Bridge, but when he is in his colony he cannot see his way to free-trade across the Murray, which is not quite so wide or rapid as the Thames. Indeed, the more this federal business is investigated, the more we are struck with the cantankerous character of the men to whom its destinies have been entrusted, I and the more clearly does the fact stand out that it is not a matter to be left to politicians. Take Sir GEORGE GREY for example, a man who belongs to the GLADSTONE- I HiaaiNDOTiiAM order, that is, a man whose delight is to make mischief, under the guise of being wiser than other people. All he did at the Conference at Sydney was to suggest that there should be no Federation except on the basis of one man one vote, knowing, as he could not but know, that this was a subject on which there I was the widest difference of opinion amongst the colonies. It was, perhaps unconsciously, a purely malicious suggestion, without one redeeming merit. It was seized upon at once by sundry writers and speakers in New South Wales, who, whatever they may assert, really do not want Federation on equitable terms, and it has been made by them a reason why nothing further should be done. Added to this, we have Sir HENRY PARKES perambulating the colonies, i like another Fox going through the towns and villages of England, and declaring that Federation is close at hand, with about as much truth as the Quaker's declamation about the King I dom of Heaven. The latest addition to this Hospital of Incurables is Sir GEORGE, DIBBS, who some time ago announced that he was going to make a new revelation about Federation. Considering the spirit that he has always shown towards this grave, this all-important subject, we did not expect much from him, and we have got even less than we expected. We thought that he might possibly, have some suggestion as to how New South Wales might be induced to make a move in the direction desired, though we hardly be lieved that it would be of any value, but instead we find that he proposes to raise a new series of difficulties, a series which, if dealt with at all, must postpone all useful action for an indefinite time. His suggestion is, that the colonies shall surrender their systems of local government, so as to have only one Ministry, one budget, one army and one navy for the whole of Australasia, which may or may not be a good thing, but the mere mention of which at the present time is only to raise a new series of differences and difficulties. We do not know what Sir GEORGE GREY will say to this, for he insisted that there was no power to abolish the Provincial Councils in New Zealand, but whatever he and others may say and think, nothing can be clearer than that such suggestions merely amount to the multiplying of difficulties. They are, in fact, but another illustration of what we have so often maintained, that the spirit of Federation cannot be said yet to exist. Are there no means, then, by which we can hope to transmute the theoretical beliefs into practical action ? Is there no way in which we can make politicians talk in these colonies as they talk in London ? What is the influence which freezes their enthusiasm and narrows their ideas as soon as they set their feet once again on Australian soil ? Possibly, it is the character of Australian political life, which nips the finer sentiments before they can bloom, and makes the muck rake a much more useful implement than the plough, by which the land may be prepared for the sowing of good seed, Whatever may be the cause or causes, our business is to note the facts, and get them recognised as widely as we possibly can. One fact is, that Federation is not the work for politicians. They, to a certain extent, cannot help themselves. They have work to do which compels them to stoop to the baser arts, to eschew great and noble ideas, to appeal to narrow views and selfish motives, and to keep up a perpetual struggle for existence. The financial problem from a federal point of view is enough to occupy the minds of many earnest and capable men, for that bars the road to Federation, hut when we come to mix that up with a number of political, social, and personal considerations, the case becomes very hopeless indeed. The only gleam of light is the Federal Council, and that some persons would extinguish if they were able. JuDGiNG by the large quantity of correspondence that we have received, and the many persons who seem to be anxious to help in some way in solving the how urgent problem of the unemployed, we are forced to the conclusion that the work is not being gone about in the right manner. The principle followed, if principle it can be called, where there is none very clearly dis- cernible, is of here a little there a little, the consequence being that help is diffused and rendered much less effective than it might be made. In the first place, there is a want of precise information as to the actual number and capabilities of the men out of work, and there is, also, a plain want of organised and persistent effort for their relief. There is no clear system, no assurance of continued and uniform action, no scientific skill brought to bear on the solution of the problem. This we take to be somewhat, dis- j creditable to our practical ability as a community, whilst it tends to make our charitable inclinations appear very much weaker than they really are. We know for a plain matter of fact, and the correspondence which we have published shows as much, that a large number of persons were rately to give to the extent of their means to this good cause, but many do not know when, where, or how to give nor have they any assurance that when they do give will be turned to really good account. This state of affairs, we Bay, must not and cannot be allowed to last. It cannot be allowed to last, because the time has come when we shall be compelled to do something that is really effective, which means that the work of relief real, regular as long as really required and well-designed relief must be placed upon a permanent basis. The Ministry has done, after its kind, what it can. It has made an effort to supply certain descriptions of work, which will, no doubt, be carried out as effectively as such works usually are, but we submit that this is but a very rough way of meeting the emergency, nor is it quite clear how far the means provided will accomplish what is necessary and desired. It is plain to us, for several reasons that will appear, that a more complete kind of machinery is required than that which we possess, so that it may be known what the precise characters and abilities of the unemployed are, the localities from whence they come, and the exact kind of relief which will serve them best individually, and which will give the greatest possible return to the community. In order to gain these ends ends at once seen to be very necessary and even essential to any effective dealing with the problem must quit the old grooves, and adapt our machinery to the work which is proposed to be done. It seems, therefore, desirable that there should be organised an Unemployed Board, which should have the charge and control of all expenditure for relief in the southern part of the Island. All work of whatever, kind, and the funds for which, however provided, should be given through that Board, and be supervised by its officers. Such a Board might be organised out of existing institutions, such as the Benevolent Society, whose functions and powers might be enlarged, and which might be made the medium through which all relief should be given. That is, it should have the nomination of all those who are sent to any relief works, no matter what their character may be, the distribu- tion of all private and public charitable contributions, and the supervision, classification, control and general superintendence of the unemployed, so that it would know precisely the character, the qualities, and the actual places of residence of those to be served by its exertions. Such a Board would; as may be seen at a glance, serve many important purposes. It would gather the precise information required, of which we are practically destitute at the present time, it would be at once a check upon the influx of competitors from other places and other colonies, as it would give notice that they would not be helped, and it would distribute private help in the most efficient manner. Whilst it would not, of course, carry on any Government works, it would be the means by which the Government would learn where the quantity and quality of labour wanted could be got, and it would help to regulate the competition between town and country, which now threatens to be a serious difficulty and complication. And it mightbemudcto serve another and most important end. The fact seems to be plain, that the help that the Government can give will, at best, only be a partial relief, and will not touch a certain class of poverty which cannot work on the roads, and which would come into competition with the country unemployed if it could and did. Suggestions have been made that subscriptions should be collected to help in another way, in what way cannot be determined, but it is plain that the help must be in some way not yet provided. Now, subscriptions given here and there, as occasion may prompt or feeling may induce, are of little real value, and not unfrequently wasted or used in an ineffective manner, so that some organisation is required through which the subscriptions may be made into a general fund, to be dealt with by those who have a clear idea of what is required, and who will administer the fond in the most effective manner. Let us see what might be done. There are, we should think and we hope, say, a thousand persons in the south of the Island, if not in and around Hobart, who would guarantee to subscribe five shillings a week for the next three months, or two thousand who would guarantee half-a crown a week for a like period. This would form a fund amply sufficient to carry out a large quantity of work, in addition to what the municipalities and the Government may provide. But, this subscription would have to be, in many cases, collected, or it would not come in, and it should be the business of such a Board as that proposed to collect the money as well as spend it. Assuming the force of self- sacrifice to be as great as we suppose, and we have little doubt on the point, then the Board would collect the money, and lay it out in useful works, such as road and street making stone breaking, distributing in urgent cases actual shanty where absolutely necessary, but only under the strictest supervision. The main object should be, to get work for the money, and as there is plenty of work requiring to be done, there is no reason why the citizens should not get many improvements whilst they charit- ably help the unfortunate in their midst. Many more things will suggest themselves as being possible to such a Board as we propose which would relieve the Government of much trouble, as it should be the means by which all the work in connection with the unemployed is done. The proceeds of concerts, movements of all kinds, should be paid into this Board, so that one unemployed fund may be formed, and be dealt with under one carefully, worked system. We give this as as a hint, assuming the trouble to be as great as, so many of our correspondents state. or- THE value of horticultural shows, of which so many are now hold in Southern Tasmania I is generally recognised ; but there is just the possibility of too much encouragement to mere spectacular street. Where the element of commerce has to be kept so prominently in view as it has to be in connection with our fruit, it is all important 'but societies conducting exhibitions should remember that their economic value really lies in the amount of education they offered to the growers first, and then to the public. People attend shows to learn and profit by what their neighbours are doing. It is obvious that opinions formed by the average visitor to a horticultural show are hand to a great extent on the awards of the judges. Next to the essential work of organisation, judging is unquestionably the most important function connected with a show. Hitherto we have been content with the rule of thumb judging for fruit, whence the departure made on Thursday at the Glenora show deserves more than passing notice, and especially to remember the correspondence that followed the last Hobart show, which, as a spectacular triumph, exceeded anything of the kind seen before in the colony. The Council of Agriculture has wisely given attention to pathology, and decided to adopt a system which puts judging on a scientific basis. The method is to regard all «ppleasontiorcompetitionaspcifcctspeci- mens and entitled to the maximum number of points, which has been fixed at ten for nine characteristic qualities, and five each for two others, making the total 100. 'Points are then marked off for deficiency in any quality. Each kind of apple ii judged separately. It is impossible for favouritism or prejudice to influence judges in making award by this system. On the North- West Coast, where it has been need at recent shows, and, as at Glenora, given universal satisfaction, it was found that until the points were added up after the inspection the judges did not know which lot submitted to them would get honours. It will be seen that the application of the point system to the judging of apples is lifting the operations of uncertainty and suspicion and putting it on a scientific basis, the probable effect of which will be, when the system becomes generally adopted, a good deal less complaining on the part of ng grieved exhibitors. The pomologist! re searches of the Council have demonstrated beyond all doubt the necessity for reform in our apple nomenclature. The public have long understood that what is called a scarlet perman apple in one orchard loco men a scarlet nonpareil somewhere else, and that in ordering trees for planting they order a variety for which they have a predilection, and find when they grow up that they have planted something quite different In framing their schedules, 'societies would be increasing their useful ' BOBS by arranging the sections and prizes to bring out the points of most commercial interest in the exhibits. The point system of judging would enable them to invite exhibits for local and intercolonial Sale only, and for the English market only, confident that the fruit would be honoured on its merits in each case. The exhibitor who displays spirit and intelligence in the cultivation of his orchard, paying close attention to correct naming, grading, and picking would then be rewarded according to his deserts. THE knighthood of Isaac Pitman, the inventor of the system of shorthand, called phonographs, though unexpected by his many votaries in the colony, will be looked upon by them as a very fitting recognition of a long life in the service of the nation. The numbers of those who, by aid of his wonderful invention, have been able to grapple better with the difficulties of their callings in life than they would have done if left to plod on without it can hardly be told. Without doubt, however, phones graphy is the system of shorthand which has gained most hold on the intelligence of the people in the past, and, whether it will in the future be outpaced by a fresh novelty, its achievements already accomplished cannot be lessened by criticism or comparison. The system is not even yet a perfect one. Those who know most about it will be most ready to admit that this is the vase, but they will also insist, those that is, who also know something about rival systems, that it excels them in brevity, though it may not rival them in readiness to be deciphered, and that, with all its faults, its myriad disciples find it all they need for ordinary and even extraordinary purposes. It is not only, however, for the system, elaborated SB it has been so patiently from year to year, that the world has to be grateful to its author. It spread has been due to the waters of care which has always characterised the advocacy by its inventor, and to the hours and hours of patient labour by which he, and other enthusiastic numbers of the Phonetic Society, encouraged its study by correcting the exercises of learning through the post free of charge. Many an inch of the midnight oil has been burnt by the champions of the winged art in this voluntary work, and by none more than the inventor in his sanctum at the ancient printing office near the Bath Abbey. There, too, the supply of useful shorthand literature, by which the way of many a tyre has been smoothed and encouraged, has been kept up with indomitable patience by Mr. Pitman's, in conjunction with spelling reform and the other philanthropic agencies in which his heart was so seriously concerned. It was no easy thing at first to secure a correct transfer in printed form for the use of thousands of patrons of the deBate characters of the system, bill inch by inch the way was won, few of those who used to buy the shorthand books being aware that at Great every one of the beautifully-drawn figure-words were from the pen of the inventor himself. How men are enabled, as Isaac Pitman is, to (be the triumph of their life's work all over the world, and the news of the honour now done him at the hands of his Sovereign will be so extensively welcomed as the system of photography is known and used. CuKRicvr events seem to indicate that the process of fruit evaporation is gaining considerably in favour as it is being made known in the country districts, and that fruitgrowers are likely to welcome very heartily this simple method of getting rid of their surplus fruit at the end of the season, The yield of fruit this year, especially of apples, is acknowledged to have exceeded the most sanguine expectations of the growers. This not so much, as has some- times been erroneously stated, on account of such a very much larger extent of land being devoted to orchards, but because the season was what is known as a bearing one for most of the varieties. Of course, the crops were increased also by a certain proportion of young orchards coming into bearing, so that instead of the 644, 507 bushels estimated as accruing from the 76 districts from which returns have been received, an increase of 262,802 bushels over the 331,795 bushels realised last year, the total crop of apples is likely to be 700,000 bushels, or even more, before all the injured are known. In like- manner pears have increased this your to 30,000 bushels, as against 24,000 bushels cropped last year, an increase of 12,000 b held. The airman's quan sty of fruit which will in this way be left shows (the, local wants, and the limits of . therefor colonial and English .»biprcèutt Move been I satisfied will thus be seen at a glance, and the surplus of peaches, apricots, plums of all kinds, and other fruits which are not enumerated in the statistics, small the quantity to something which is quite startling when It is considered how much of it is annually thrown to the right, and a good deal more is not even nude such v-jup'cal use of. Tliccviip writer, thcrefoic.comivt thereout, and in one district, that of (Jlciiorihy, it is cheering to know that a proposal of a direct character has been him It for next season, the growers offering to supply altogether 2U,ii()0 bushels of fruit for a Victorian firm, if they will come here to treat it, or ship it to their works across the Straits. This will include 111,01)0 bushels of apples, the same quantity of plums, and the balance in peaches, apricots, etc, which can be supplied at 20 per cent, below Victorian prices, besides being of the same variety of fruit, instead of the mixture which the Victorian growers supply. The drawback in having diuVont varieties is that they dry down to different weights, while it is also estimated that where the Victorian fruit trees down to 516. per bushel, the Tasmanian fruit, from its more robust character, will dry down to 712 per Imeliil. The Secretary of the Council of Agriculture has the matter in hand, but whether his clients will treat the fruit hero or do it in their own factories has yet to be settled. Other districts will, no doubt, be on the move before next season arrives to see if they cannot also benefit by the evaporators good offices, v, Iii iii will re- lieve them of a very serious difficulty, and prevent the great u oats of good fruit food which now goes on from year to year after the market is glutted, and the public appetite for the time being is satisfied. TASMANIAN RI PRESENTATION AT OTTAWA. Tasmanian portion is evidently looking up immensely A letter has been received by the. ennor (Sir Edward Braddon) from Miss, PitMieraW, Mr C , of Victoria thanking the Government for having done him the honour of requesting limits or puBonc Tasmanian in his lost start is Canadian Conference, and assuring 1911 that he would do his utmost in the direction des said By the last mail, however, Mr fleniukei Buxton, M P., has written from London dunning the honour of representing chairman it Ottauu, but he is a day after the fair Ilia is to 1 came too late, the houses having already been conferred WORK 10/ THE UNI VI I OH U -*'Woalil there be no objection to sending the unemployed into that iliatriL..''' asked the Minister of Lands yost rd y, when Mr. Nicholas PM own, It 11 A , conditioned him the opinion of the Warden of Hamilton that a useful piece of work for the unemployed to be put on would be the widening of the road from Mac quarto Plains Station to Gretna "Be- cause, " added Mr Pillinger, ' I have tried to send so o nitouonntiy ill-luck 6, and met w til the request to take the 11 out again" Then Mr Pillinger was reminded by a (jury tation from the Wards his letter that he had promised to have 0 this n (irk done when previously 111 office But, as he pointed out, it was some one too many to export a Minister to renumber every circumstance connected with his former official life However, he gain the customary promise that the matter should be officially inquired into, a small mercy for which Mr. Brown expressed gratitude. Inn UNI:MI'I.OVI)I).-The Premier states that he is having plans and specifications got ready as quickly as possible in order that the special works voted by the Assembly might be put in hand the moment the Legislative Council's assert is obtained. The Council meets on Tuesday next. It appears that a vote of £+.3flD,iwiis passed-in the last Parliament for the extension of the prompt Post Office buildings, so as to amalgamate the Post and Telegraph departments. Should there be may delay in get ting the vote of £4,800 passed through the Upper House a commenced lit will probably be made with the 4, 100, and the remainder subsequently asked of Paris sent by way of a supplementary vote. The present Post Office buildings are to be raised one storey, and extended in misdirection of Macquarie' attest. Mitirriiin or Tim UNEMPLOYED. A large meeting of the unemployed was held yesterday afternoon in the Our Ex-liibilion-bulldinp to discuss their position, now the Government has promised to flu at their home work. Much gratification was expressed at the decision of the Government. An earnest hope was expressed that the Post Office extension work would be speedily put in hand ; also that it would be retained in the hands of the Government, and the men employed by day labour. Mr. Mulcahy, if H.A., however, told them that he feared the work would have to be done by contract. Co-operation among themselves (the unemployed to take contracts was discussed and favourably considered. A committee was appointed to consider the possibility of the taking up contract work. Should they see their way clear to do so they will probably wait on the Minister of Lands to ask the Government to favour their views. It was also resolved to take steps to form a labour bureau on their own account, the Rev. A. Turnbull promising to superintend it BE I I! I AM) FOR Qui 1 MIOIIQUOII-A committed of ladies, in commotion with St. George s Parish, are holding a cake and produce fair in (Queene others For woolroom on Tuesday afternoon and evening next As this is an effort to raise a fund to cope with the existing distress in the district it is hoped that it will meet with general support So best contributions in money or produce will be gratefully received The Garrison Band has kindly promised to perform at intervals during the evening the funds obtained will be placed in the hands of the parish clergy The RIGHT UNFair COMMIT -The financial results of the cona it LU on in the Templars 1 all new Town on behalf of Mrs Knight were as follow -'-Sale of tickets and cash taken at door, £9 1 to , don ations Lady Gormanston, 11 Dr Bingham Crowther, 10s, Tiwnantan Kens, 500 programmes Mercury JOOti kits Lxpendi turn Advertising £1 2s Oil hue of room and piano, 10s Mut proceeds, 3') 10s 6d BKI IFI CONGI HI -A meeting of the committee, in LontiLution with the above was held yesterday, Mr C L W ijch, chairman and hon treasurer, presiding Rev A. T Turnbull an 1 Mr Lake, City Missionary, were present by that nation The Chairman said that the committee were anxious to consult with horn and sad rain to them a scheme in which they (the com written) pro p Bed that whatever promise Is might be realized by the concert should be disbursed, The two gentlemen said the proposal suggested by the committee entirely met with their approval The Managing Director, Mr A F Miller, informed the meeting that in reply to his letters, the whole of the tending professional musicians of Hobart had unanimously and cordial lily responded, and, const (quently, an unusually attractive combination of musical talent will be heard at this concert In addition to the musical programme, the talented di music artiste. In Cr B W Lewis, has generously consented to contribute in Her inimitable specialities It was decided to have 2MP tiokHto printed and placed in the iiriDofpel business homes for sale, and that a personal canvass be made STUMP KVTRAUIOR, - A public trial of Cook's patent " Champion self gripper San son " tree puller and stump extractor will take place this afternoon at Beltana. The machine is a combination of the lever and pulley-the strongest mechanical powers. Power and speed have been obtained by five different methods, and the utility of the machine will be at once recognised when it is known that 45 stumps were pulled in eight hours' work by this machine on May 11 at Koonya. So as to combine lightness with strength the machine is constructed of steel, and it is claimed to be the lightest, strongest, speediest, and cheapest machine -% ever brought before the public Other ' trials will shortly be held in various districts, and further information respecting the machine can be obtained from the agent, Mr. F. Milsom, 76 Colllns-street. Tilt; HANMiuKiiimx FAIR. Active steps are being taken to make the forthcoming Bannockburn fair a success, under the able management of the hon. secretary, Mr R. J Haddon, assisted by an energetic executive committee. The whole of the proceeds will be devoted to the interests of the Working Young Men's Club, recently opened in connection with Chalmers' Church. Liberal donations and assistance have been proffered.' Hosi'iTU. CASK -A little boy named Ernest Gaodw n wag playing near his home at Campania yesterday, when he fell on to a piece of broken wood, which penetrated his side inflicting a severe, wound; He was " sent to the (General! Hospital by. train, and was detained there for treatment, Orm SurrutaiKltT to day contains > Tasmanian Institute of Surveyors, Victorian Items, Launceston, Supreme Court Luun- , oestoo, Kills Match, Mining, Football, Council of Agriculture, The Wesleyans Cor- i ference at Adelaide, Letters to the Editor, Notes and News, Our New York Life r, Dramatic Notes, Rtiuing Protests and Appeals and Advertisements, HOLVIUIMTYCHOKCII -I OV. C Va.lrlh-111 preaches in the morning and the Hi 0, VW. Shoobridge in the eve ning at this church to morrow. Holy Communion will be celebrated at 7 it n. Cumner of EMILAMI PHOPIU'H MISSION. -The Rev, A. Turnbull will deliver an address on Sunday evening at 7 o'clock in the Marina's Omrah, Elizabeth street, opposite the wharf. The subject will be the Winkers Sympathy and his Sub- jects." All classes are invited to attend. On unca Shiivioi-8 The following services will be held to morrow a St Andrew's -Dr. Seed, at 11 and 7 ; St John's, Macquarie striut-KLV. 1 K. Mcintyre, at 11 and 7. Ch almers Rev C. H Talbot, morning and evening. Wesleyan Church Melville street, 11, Rev. J. H Tuckfield , 7, Rev D B. Bridgwood. Davey-street, 1], Rev. D) B Bridgwood 7 Rev J. H. Tuckfield High-street, it, Mr W. Wilkinson ; 7, Mr. Johansen. Brown's River, 3. Rev. J. H. Tuckfield. New Town Rev. W. R Cunningham, morning and evening Memorial Congregational Chin eh -Rev. G W. Sharp, 11 and 7 Congre national Church, Davey street Rev. F?. Clarke, at 11 ; Rev R A Thompson B A 7. New Town Congregational Churches, Rev, B. A. Thompson 2 7, Mr. W. Perry Hart. Primitive Methodist Church -Morning, Mr I J. Rowberry ; Town hall, evening, Rev. J I T. Piercey. Hobart Tabernacle - Pastor Walton, 11 and 7. Union Chapel 11 Rev. R, Ricards ; 7, Rev. G. Clarke Under- nominational Church, King street Kew. J. H Vifrojuuw, at 11; Mr. G Marsden, 27\. Mr, Ww conduct Pryor met ing at < 7 am; SUNDAY TALKING morrow afternoon the meeting at the rooms of the Y.M.C.A. will be one of praise and prayer, preparatory to the jubilee of the Associations throughout the world. Mr. Fairfax will preside, and give a brief exposition of Scripture. Mem en and friends are specially requested to be present on this occasion. ^OpapKbTKMrERA.NfH At to-night's meet. I , ing in the rompc-ruticc-hoU Mr. Tonk will | deal with the Temperance question from a Biblical aspect.' Thirds the last of Mr. Kirk's addresses on social subjects, and members and friends not thoroughly versed in the objections hurled at their advocacy, and so unprepared at all times to do justice to the cause they represent, would do well to attend. Mr. G. S. Crouch has expressed his willingness to preside. A good programme of songs, solos, and rt citations has been provided, in addition to selected pieces by the Temperance choir. CoNCERT AT SCHELL. The Mozart Concert Club gave an enjoyable entertainment in the ijorell-mstitute on the evening of Queen's Birthday, and, despite the in- clemency of the weather, were greeted with very good house. The performance went with a swing from first to last, and the audience demanded numerous encores. After the concert an enjoyable couple of hours were spent in dancing, which made a pi- usual wind-up to the day's holiday. _ 4t*EH^isvs.-Hy the Manapouri, which. left here for New Zealand yesterday, x fin j Alderney bull and cow and two heifers were on route to Auckland. The animals are consigned to Messrs. Hunter to Knowle of that city, and are from the her Ja of Sir William i Cluibe. FRANKLIN -The annual tea meeting in connection with the Congregational CHARLIE was held in the Town Hall on Thursday, Sith lablcBwcre kindly supplied by the following ladiest-Mesdames Woods, liar nett, Williams, Philp, Leitch, Tacklyn At the after meeting a lengthy programme was gone through, Hot J L Williams in the chair The report read by the Secretary showed that the?,) te 2d had been caused by the Franklin congregation for the past year, which had been sulkies for its several wants, and left a small credit balance ino Huonville depart and ba ance sheet warn not to hand The Rev A T Holden, Mr A , Mr islcyau minister of Port Cygnet, gaven telling, a address on "Enthusiasm in Church Work," which was well received The Rev W Beckett spoke on Intolerance " and Mr J Hay (No 2) yes "A Review of 45 Years " both wire good addresses the Geeveston Congr Rational Choir nicely rendered several selections, and the Franklin Congregational Choir also did likewise The programme comprised a song by Miss L Kcunotly , reactions by Rev V beckett and Mr W Skinner, and a duet by Misses Hammond and Geeves Mr R bkiuucr led the Tomkins, and Mr Hammond the Gf eveston chair Mr Philp gave a reading on women's work THE SILVER QUESTION IN JAI AN -In a letter to a relative in Wellington u Christ church merchant who is travelling in the East describes the effect which the depreciation of silver is producing in Japan He says -"AU importers here (Yokohama) are having an awful time of it Some of them are losing fortunes fancy, the four shilling dollar today is only worth 16 1913 and it they want a draft on America or England, for every 100 they have to give of 200 and some odd , so you can see what fun it elliots It 1 fleets exporters the "other way As bearing out the state of affairs thus shown, the recipient of the letter had occasion to send his torres pondent a draft for £20, which the latter old in Yokohama for lOodol, nearly double its value With respect to the cheapness of living in Japan The writer says -" To show you how cheap clothes ore, I have just ordered a frock coat, trousers, and was, lined with milk, for £3 Sa Indeed it is much better than a similar suit which cost me in England 10 guineas Everything is on the same scale Dressmaking is just as cheap My girls or fired a silk Monto Carlo and trimmed to cost about 7s In England the same things would cost less to £2 People here keep any quantity of servants they pay them from 9s to 10s per month, and all servants provide their own board They live OR tish and rite, but are splendid cooks Furniture here costs about a quarter of what it would in any other part of the world ' COMEDY IN COURT - An unrehearsed comedy was presented at the City Court, Melbourne, a few days ago, when an earth tri 1 Irish comedienne, Mary McCwMiy by name played the load It was in the cross examination of Constable Hawkins, The chief witness in the charge of vagrancy preferred against the defendant that the fun began Standing with arms akimbo, she demanded " What is your time an, what is it?' Then, as the Court burst into hearty laughter, she vociferated in a manner which would have done credit to the usher, " Silence in court 1 Order I Order 1 " Constable Hawkins My name is John Hawkins (Laughter ) Mary McCarthy Keep order, or 111 clear the court (Renewed laughter ) Order 1 Come, one foot at a time? (Laughter.) Your Worships, I haven't had a drop of liquor since Friday, and I won't for all my days, as long as I've breath in my body. D'ye hear that now ? Last Friday I had the pledge from a clergyman. Bless him, whoever he is, for I don't know his name. Bejabers, it's Flannigan, I think I (At this stage the Court was con- vulsed with laughter) Mary McCarthy : science ! One foot at a time, can't yes Believing his cross-examination was concluded, the constable was stopping from the box, when the defendant jumped towards him. " Back we go, back, constable, to where yo was." Major Bartrop: We have the power to order the constable where to go. Von can mention Min «stoevldenoe. Mary McCarthy: In good time ; all to my own good time. I'm of coming to the point. I've never ye hear he now-Major Bartrop t Is there anything standing aghast ibU woman t The Mentor Constable: Five times for vagrancy- Mary McCarthy : Can't you wait a bit, ye dollar One fool of a time. (Laughter.) Givens of show, can't ye (Laughter.) > Can't you see I'm Irish, and an If swan will have his day even if he has to swing for it, (Increased hilarity.) MaryMoCirthyt Order! order. Major Bartrop What have you to any of the charge? Mary McCarthy : Well, my good man, I admit going After the boys a bit -(laughter) -but I won't liquor Major Bartrop : Yes. Mary McCarthy : You see I- Major Bartrop : Well, go on Mary McCarthy : Come, now, whisper, your lordships, whisper, Let me have your car. Ye see, if I was let off to day I'd got some laundry work. (Laughter.) Major Bartrop : Well, what next. ? Mary McCarthy (making a movement towards the bench) i Let's whisper. I'd got- Major Bartrop ; Three months. Mary McCarthy : Three months 1 Come now Surry there's treatment for a lady ! Well, thank ye. She was then conducted from the scene to spend the next three months in strict retirement. W. A. SCHWAN & Co., of Sandy Bay, thank all their numerous friends and customers for their kind support since they have been in business and intend increasing the business by engaging 'first-class practical men. All work will be carried out In first-" class style. T. Horses carefully shod by £Com) petitions.,,'.', G R Steer iwúYjmi A TRACK TO THE WEST COAST. Yester day afternoon the Minister of Lands (Hon. A. T. Pillinger) received a deputation introduced by Mr. Nicholas Brown, M.H.A., and consisting of Mr. Knox (humming a ¡ director of the Mount Lyell Co.), Mr. Geo Nicholas (of Cawood), and Mr. F. Evans (of Bronte), who represented the desirability of an expenditure of money on the ti nek I between the Iron Store at Mount Arrowsmith and Mount Lyell to make it suitable ! for stock traffic. Mr. Hume said that by j repairing the present rest! from the Iron Store (Mount Arrowsmith to Mount Lyell that not only the Hamilton District won 11 be bent at sea, but the graziers and of dinners of the Campbell Town and Oatlands districts would deliver the same; advantages, as at present, they have a good road to the Iron Store via the Great Lake and Marlborough. He also informed the Minister that during last summer one or two lots of sheep were driven through from the Lake country to Mount Lyell, but that stock dealers were not likely to do it again on account of the difficulties they met with on the bad track. All that was required, however, was that the bridges made over the small streams and some culverts, all of a temporary character, should be repaired, and the track widened in a few places. Mr. Nicholas Brown urged that in view of a large population having, it was almost certain, to be provided for next summer at Mount Lyell, it would be a legitimate order takingforthoGovernmenttoipcndsomefSOO, to name a maximum sum on the track. it not pointed out that the chief difficulty was the King River, and with reference to I fording that, Mr. brown stated that the only bit of good grazing land was near the river, and he recommended that SOO acres of the land called " The Lawn," be reserved by the Government for grazing travelling stock. Mr. W. Knox, Chairman of Directors of the Mount Lyell Co., speaking on behalf of him self and his co-directors, said if the road from Hobart to Mount Lyell via Like St. Clair was made suitable for traffic, they would always travel this way in preference to going the rough sea voyage round the West Coast, even though it took him a little longer to get through and he pointed out that the West Coast was certain to become an important mineral centre at no distant date. They hoped to make a start on the Mount Lyell railway in three weeks. Mr. Pillinger promised to get an inspector's report and estimate on the track M early? possible. and then to communicate with the deputation, , . OBITUARY William Patrick Green died at his daughter's residence, Melville house, Melville-street, on May 25, at 3 a.m. He was a son of Mr. Thomas Green, a well known miller and farmer, of West Bargholt, near Colchester, Essex. He arrived at Launceston from England in 1843 in the barque Henry, at the age of 18 under the protection of the late Rev. Henry Dowling, who had instructions to send him back to England if he did not like the prospects of colonial life. Young Mr. Green, however, soon belied any expectation of a return, Undine; in the colony ample scope for his abilities. He worked at his business as a miller in Launceston for a few years, and Bubs, quently removed to Hobart, where, as a brewer and miller, he soon attained an important commercial position. In 1860 he was first elected to the Hobart Municipal Connell, and after holding the position of alderman for 16 years was elected Mayor in 1876. His hospitality while in the civic chair is still a matter of record. He was a director of the late Tassie Co. from its inception until its incorporation with the Union S.S. Co., and has been a director of the Cascade Brewery Co. for many years, He was appointed a Justice of the Peace on May 8, 1870\. Among other honorary appointments that he worthily filled was that of Quarter master to the volunteer force on its first establishment in Tasmania. He was of a very charitable disposition, subscribing regularly to all the city charities, and was passionately fond of music The City Band will lose a firm friend. He had visited England twice during his colonial career, and by dint of sterling commercial talent had accumulated a fortune which marks him essentially as a successful colonist. He leaves two daughters, both married Mrs. D. R. Dossetor and Mrs. W. P. Edginton to mourn their loss. The deceased was of an inventive turn, and during his active busi- ness-like was always endeavouring to carry out improvements in the boilers and engines that he used as motive power in the mill. Many of these improvements were decidedly advantageous. He was the first man to introduce the compound condensing engine ' into Tasmania. CITY POLICE COURT-The bench at this Court was occupied yesterday by the Police Magistrate and Mr. Alderman Smith. James Griffin appeared on remand, charged with having, on the 16th inst., unlawfully wounded Janet Burgess by cutting her with a knife. Dr. Maxwell saw Burgen at the Hospital on the morning of the 16th inst She had several lacerated cut on her arms and hands Janet Burgess, who entered the box with her arms and hands bandaged, asked if she was obliged to give evidence. Mr. Tarleton, Police Magistrate, informed her that she would have to give the evidence required, and the accused also bade him do so-. She said she lived in Market street on the night of the 10th Inst. She was awakened by someone knocking at the door, and on asking who was there Griffin replied "No," and she knew who it was. She did not open the door, and she heard Griffin go to the window to open it with his knife. Some of the panes of glass were freshly put in, and they gave way easily, and he entered the house by the window. He went into the kitchen and after some time came upstairs with a light, and had a knife in his hand. She was frightened, and rushed to the window to call for the police. She said, " Oh, Curly, don't you interfere with me." She heard steps outside, and thought the police were coming, and tried to pass him. In attempting to do SO her hands were cot, She caught hold of the knife to take it from him, and her hands were cut again. Griffin did not threaten her in any way, but helped her to get her clothes on to go to the Hos- pital. On her return accused was waiting at her house, and he stayed there all night beside liar body He made no threats of any sort, nor that he would " finish " her, but he had treated her cruelly on previous occasions, and that was why she was afraid of him. By cruelty she meant that he had beaten her. She lived in the house with Griffin. She could not say whether he cut her wilfully or not. Grace Smith, who resided next door to Burgess, said she went for the police when she heard screams coming from Burgess, and she saw Constable Nance. When she returned Burgess was standing in the lane with Griffin. Witness could not tell how the injuries were inflicted on Burgess as she was very faint at the time. Constable Nance said he was summoned by the previous witness, and when he arrived outside Burgess' house he heard Burgess and Griffin talking very loud. Be could see them both in the room. He heard Griffin say to the woman he would " finish " her yet. She was in her night dress. She then to me down stairs followed by Griffin, when she got to the door she called out Grace, and the previous witness came out and asked Burgess if she would go to the Hospital. Griffin called out "don't be long duck," and went into the house and bolted the door. The two women went to the Hospital, and witness overtook them. Burgess complained to him, and told him that Griffin had tried to cut her throat, and in trying to save hermit he nearly out her fingers off. Witness did not apprehend accused. He ! surrendered himself. Griffin was committed for trial. MONOTHEISM IN BABYLONIA FIVE THOO BAND YEARS AGG-On an important gather- ing convened in April by the Victoria Institute, of London, England, Mr. T. G. Pinches, of the Oriental Department of the British Museum, described lorne results of the researches made by him among the Babylonian tablets now under examination at the British Museum. He first reviewed the attributes of the 13 gods in the Babylonian Pantheon, each of which claimed to be As or Ya otthjG.d«: he quoted tablets of about 650 are., in which the king used the word god as . Monotheist would, and then went back to the third millennium 3-6., where he found tablets ming the same expression' in the same same. Further light was thrown an the reason for this by other important in scriptions, and the author stated that of late the evidence had accumulated which forced him now to regard the Babylonian Pantheon as easily one god. An interesting discussion took place, in which it was pointed out that, us in the Earliest Egyptian, so now to the Early Babylonian records, there was evidence of a Primitive Monotheism; the speakers were the Rev. Dr. Lowe, Mr.' RasBam, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Mengedoht, who cited the evidence afforded by the Louvre tablets. Among them sending communications Were Sir H. Howorth, Bart., M.P., Major Conder, U.E., D.C.L., Canon Girdlestone, and others. It is known that, through its members abroad, the Institute is gathering further evidence on this subject, and intends to publish the whole of the in-' formation in the journal issued to its members and associates. t S' M ARM his' CHURCH. Mr. W, Lake will 'give special address to-morrow afternoon '«¿'Sorrock. An'Invitation li given to all safes 40 stand at that hour. . ' . - THE NEW ZEALAND EARTHQUAKE.- The recent severe shocks of earthquake felt at Wellington, Christchurch, Dunedin, and other places in New Zealand ward also most unpleasantly export. need at sin, A lady writing about her trip from Napier to Wellington to a friend in Hobart Florrie s the passage as remarkably rough, crockery was broken and flying in all directions, in nth furniture and everything portable Owing scattered about, while the strangest thing of all was there was no apparent OHIISO for the disturbances There was scarcely any wind, and no rain ; to the explanation of the vi'BHcl being tossed about in such a mysterious fashion must be put down to a submarine earthquake FooTnAi.r, IN THE BATTI,KFIKU> -The story of how in old football player was too much for a large field of Lobengula's warriors is told with much spirit by thoAjii Elizabeth Advertiser. With three other young Englishmen he was on outpost duty about 100yds. from the camp, when they were stalked and surprised. Making a dash for the laager, two of them had a good start and got in uninjured ; the third was cascaded and fell ; the fourth had to run the gauntlet of 30 or 40 Matabele warriors. " The onlookers in camp." says the account, " who were unable to fire for fear of hitting the white man, say his escape was the finest display of football tactics ever seen. The fugitive led gun in hand the whole time, luckily for him, as a mounted Matabele rode him fairly down, and was in the act of spearing him, when the football expert literally blew the nigger's brains out as he was 'anning by the horse's side." FrocKS WELLINGTON. -There is (says the Wellington correspondent of the Otago Daily Times) was among the local spiritualists, and the wide hand of the police- man has fluttered the pocket. I cannot < enter the story told by the Port. Here it is :-" Two arrests were made by the police last night which, it is stated, will lead to some very sensational disclosures, The prisoners are a couple named James and Priscilla Hackett, who are presumably brother and sister, and who have been lately practising so-called spiritualism in various parts of the city and suburbs. James Hackett IB a professed medium, and his sister acts, it is said, in the capacity of assistant. On a recent night there was a seance held in the room engaged for the purpose at Petone, at which come 14 or 15 persons were present, including a police constable in plain clothes, The latter attended by invitation, but, in consequence of a complaint which had been made to the police that the affair was an imposition, Birth r had orders to watch the whole performance very closely, and if he detected anything which could be reckoned on as materiel for a case he was to seize it. It is said that the proceedings were of a most extraordinary character, the Hacket's calling up several alleged departed spirits which were supposed to be materialised and able to hold communion with those present. In one of the most impressive part, when the luminous form of a supposed spirit appeared from the recesses of a cabinet, one of the audience seized hold of the ' apparition and called for the lights. The spirit turned out to be nothing more than a piece of gauze which the medium was enabled to manipulate from behind a curtain. Hackett and his assistant were arrested, and the paraphernalia, consisting principally of a bottle of phosphorised oil and a quantity of Sea:. Sflid. so far used in conjunction with the oil for the purpose of producing ' ghosts,' was seized. It is stated. the medium received it for every sitting, and that several people have parted with considerable sums of money to him. The Hackett's were brought up in the Magistrate's Court and charged with having conspired together to defraud F. A. Vaughan. Accused were allowed bail in two bonds of £25 each and their own bonds of a similar sum. A second information has been laid against James Hackett, charging him with having pretended to exercise an enchantment and have communion with the spirits of the dead." A LABOUR PARLIAMENT At a meeting of the Trades and Labour Council, held in Wellington on the 17th inst., a letter from the Workers' Political League was read asking that delegates be sent to the League, and that affiliated bodies do likewise. It was resolved,-" ThattheCounvll is of opinion that a Labour Parliament be held in West lington in April next year, such parliament to consist of representatives from the various trades councils, trades societies, trades unions, and labour organisations in the colony, the object of the parliament to be the consideration (I of matters affecting labour generally ; (2) of local government ; (3) to formulate a platform for the ex-general election, each body to have one representative for every CO members or fraction of 60 ; each trades council to be represented by its president and secretory, but in no instance shall the representation of any one body exceed six." It was resolved that the Post master-General be asked to authorise the secretary of the Council to Frank all correspondence on this matter. It was reported that the debentures in connection with the proposed labour newspaper are being taken up freely. LovERS IN A LUNATIC ASYLUM. An aged ' man named Robert Balfour created some amusement in the Collingwood Court on Tuesday last. When the charge against him was stated-which wasonoof vagrancy, or, in polite language, " having no lawful visible means of support Balfour pro- ] tested that the charge was unwarranted, and, pointing to two stout lower limbs, j remarked, " Them's visible support enough for any man." Turning to the ' spectators in the court, he gave a knowing shake of his head, and remarked, " That's one form, anyway !" Constable Sellwood related that he had been called by the authorities at the Yarra Bend Asylum to take Balfour in charge. Accused had been an inmate of the asylum, and had apparently been smitten by the charms of a female inmate. He daily pestered the officials with constant demands that he should be allowed to " see his girl," and he also wrote numerous letters to the object of his affections, and in the hope of seeing her wandered about the place singing snatches of love ballads. He was an intolerable nuisance to all connected with the place. A warder from the asylum, who on entering the witness-box was greeted with derisive laughter and insinuating remarks by the accused, stated how Balfour worried the officials from his too ardent desire to meet the un- responsive lady, at whose feet he so persistently sought to kneel. The Bench was satisfied by the conduct of the accused in court that this case was one for medical examination, and he was accordingly re- remanded, in order that a report might be obtained as to his mental condition. 