Local ancl General . Stiioud HilIi. — It has been decided by the Roads Department to construct a deviation in the road at the Stroud big hill to make an easier grade. Ten ders fcr the first section will, wo un derstand, soon be called for. LiUEn. — The proprietor of the ' Truth ' newspaper has been served with a writ for £5000 damages by Mr James Toohey, for libel. No Li,YUir,iT\'. — It is not generally known that section 118th of the new Electoral Act removes all liability for debts incurred by candidates in con nection with an election. The Act should be called the ' The Candidates No-Liability Act.' AucrroN Sales. — On Saturday next; Messrs Carlton & Abbott will offer by auction that valuable farm land at Sugarloaf Creek, the property of Mrs Nash. They will also sell horses nnd pigs at their yards. On the same day Mr John Robson will hold an im portant sale of cattle, fat pigs, &c.;, at liis.yards. Dunooo Band of IIoi-e. — The meet ing this month in the Protestant Hall, was well patronised. The election of officers for the ensuing half-year re sulted as follows: — President, Eev.'F. Dixon ; vice-presidents, Messrs Edw. Piper, J. P., and W. Green ; Secretary, Mr E. Young, (assistant, Mr P. Bur ton) ; treasurer, Mrs E Piper ; organ ist, Miss Bos worth. RETirttNED. — Mr H. S. BiDgle, C.P. S., has returned to Dungog,. after ? an enjoyable trip to Melbourne with his young bride. Elections. — Mr J. Wade announ ces in another column the dates upon which ho will address the electors in the different centres of the electorate. ?- Gknebal Election. — The date of the goneral election has been fixed for July 17th, so that up to that date the olectors of the colony mny expect to have their peace of mind considerably disturbed by tho orations of ^ can didates. Tobacco Ghowino on the Ui'i'Ett Macleay. — Mr Shambler, of the firm of Messrs Martin & Co., and Mr Ap perlev, of the. A J.8. Bank, have leased (JO acres of land at Skillion Flat from the trustees of the Smith Estate. Mr Shambler says that here tobacco grow ing on a large scale will be gone in for. He states that he has hod ample experience in America, and appears sanguine of success. He estimates a return of £100 p r acre. — Haclcay Argus. | DrnBfl tubns Patibon, — Sir George Dibbs, when at Nemingha on Wednes day, accepted the offer of the Rev. Matthew Morris to preach from his pulpit in the Baptist Church on Sun day fortnight at Tamworth, when the Premier will give a Bermon on ' Tho Influence of Protection on Christian ity,' and feike as his text, ' The earth is the Lord's and the fulnejB thereof.' 'The offer was made and accepted pub licly, and Sir George says he will show the people he can preach sermons. The Rev. Mr. Morris said he would ad vertise the sermon, to which the Pre mier agreed, and it is understood that the minister will reply in the evening of the same day. He had previously challenged Sir George when in Sydney, but. the Premier could not then accede to the proposal. . Mr Morris is a prominent freetrader. A collection will be made on the occasion in aid of the local hospital. Tohpy Retiiies.— Mr James Torpy, of Orange, is retiring from Parlia ment. He Bays that the sittings of the Assembly are so prolonged that the House is a place only for pro fessional politicians, and for men with little else needing attention. A Golden Goose— The discovery of gold in the craw of a goose at Mon kerai some time since, caused much discussipn, but we now have a similar instance to record. On Wednesday evening Mr. Thos. l'rwin, of Telligra, had a goose killed, and out of curios ity, looked in the craw, and found therein four splendid coarse piece's of water-worn alluvial gold. Mr. F. W. Garstang brought the- gold found to town yesterday, and we inspected- it. The goose fed about the farm, and took occasional excursions to the river at Bandon Grove. We understand that Mr. Irwin intends to try along the river bank for alluvial. Refeactoby Oees. — A writer in the 8\. M. Herald says that ho has roasted 200 tone of pyritous stone in wood kilns, and got every grain of gold out, putting it through the battery after roasting in the ordinary fray. The cost ii about 8a a ton for roasting, 5s for wood, and 3s for carting a short distance away to get rid of fumes. The plan, he says, answers splendidly, and his conclusion is that if the gold is visible ch'.orinatioa is a waste of money'. * ;Wsst Australia. — A great sensa tion was created at Germanton on the aprival there of a miner named Enright and his mate with a large parcel of gold, which was discovered at Piak Hill on a new field. Enright states that several parties are doing well there, and that tbe natives are very troublesome, continually thieving and shewing fight when molested. Martin Perks and party put through 8 tons for 350oz. of gold with a one- stamper battery. Good stone is being ob tained at Hick's, Cottington's and Robertson's claims, most of it being fit for dollying. . The, miners at the. Ninety Mile Centre are doing well.': ' ''' .Sexiiiiu ALisTtg.— One of thejdifficul 'ties of a firm of Maoriland spirituilisfs who got into arose out of the'material iBed vision of a certain deceased hus band. A sorrowing widow paid the firm to call up the unquiet gboBt of the defunct, and when a shining figure appeared in a corner of the darkened room she embraced it fervently.' Then sundry great patches of? luminos ity came off the ghost and stuck to the widow, who sat down glowing with phosphoric radiance, while the dark ened apparition fled from the scene. Political. — It seems as if the po'itical contest in the Durham Elec torate will be narrowed down to a fight between Mr Brown, the present mem ber, and Mr Wade. Mr Singletax Ilolden is reported to have gone to Coolgardie, whilst Mr Duffy has en tirely subsided. .Coo ark. — At the Masonic Mine a rich shoot of gold has beon struck in a drive at the 100ft. level. There is every indication of this claim develop iog into'ft very valuable property. Wanoat. — On Monday last Mr. Garstang, Warden of the district, visited tAe various mines at Lower and Upper Wangat. He brought to town a sample of mineral taken from a large lode, at Brown's claim, which iB supposed to be mercury. Ho states that Irwin and party have finished crushing. They had not finished cleaning up, but expressed themselves satisfied with the result so far. Anson Day. — A meeting of persons interested in the celebration of Arbor Day at Dungog, will be held in the School of Arts, on Monday next, at 7 p.m. Dramatic Entertainment. — The amusement loving portion of our read ers will notiee with pleasure an an nouncement in our columns from the' Acme Dramatic Company. Ic will be remembered that this highly-talented company appeared in Dungog some 7 or 8 weeks back, and that they also waited in the town for a couple of dayB in order to assist at the entertain ment which was given in aid of the Dungog Convent. The advertisement [ announces a return visit, when we are promised a very good programme, the special feature of which will be its varied attractiveness, boing a well known compdy, also a grand musical olio. Tho Misses Barry- Lane, Gran ville, Esdialle, and Messrs. Clynton, Sidney, Abbott, and Edwards are still with tbe company, and we trust that their return visit will be well patron ised, t'or the Acme Dramatic Company, will he always remembered as one of the best that has appeared in our town for some considerable tiuie. They will play to-night, and to-morrow night. Co;i7!K.U'ONn)ENT. — ' Gloucester,' tho article to which you refer did not appear a3 a letter to the editor, but was are-print from a Sydney paper, and was published as a pre-paid advertise ment, and you could hardly expect us to refuse advts. Mr. J. B. Dark will hold important auction sales at Stroud on ; Saturday next. Maitland.— It is currently reported that Mr J. Gillies, late of the ' Mer oury,'' intends to start an opposition paper in Maitland. Theiu Littlb Joke. — Two Vic torian councillors are said tohave been served with writs by a local resident who' wants £200 for damages done to his person, and reputation by the said aldermen. When in a state of ' loyal enthusiasm,' or common drunk, the councillors, so the story goes, deluged the complainant with whiBky and then set him on fire. There is an air of irrational romance about the story, especially in relation to the disposal of the whisky, but it is vouched for by a lo-Sal Ipaper, and tho half-cremated individual is produced in evidence. He waB Baved' by the publican in whose bar-parlour the little joke waB enacted — snatched oa a brand from the burn, ing,- so to speak. 