SOCIAL. Fixtures. itincB ].— Messrs. Lanes' Assembly I.O.O.F. Temple, Kli;a\\)cth-Etrcet. Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Buchanan have taken 'Hazeldene,' at Eatoomba, for a B'nort term. Lord and Lady Folkestone were passengers by the Mariposa, which left for America on Monday last. Mr. and Mrs. Consett-Stephen are pas sengers by the Messageries s.s. Polynesian, which leaves to-morrow. Mrs. and tho Misses Burdekin arrived in Sydney on Friday moraing by the Opbir, after a three months etay in India. iiy the Brittannia, which arrived on Satur day, Mr. and Mrs. J. O. Fairfax returned to Sydney after as absence of over twelve months. The Governor is expected to arrive in Sydney on Tuesday next. He will attend a meeting Tof the Council of the Carrington Hospital. Dr. and Mrs. Carrutners, with their two sons, leave Sydney by the Armand Behic on March 27th. They intend visiting England and the Continent, and will be absent about nine months, Mr. and Mrs. Ross Fairfax entertained a number of friends at dinner at the Australia on Wednesday. There were present, Mr. and Mrs. J. 0. Fairfax, Mr. and Miss Hiraon, Mies Florence Blnnie, Mr. Mitchie, and Mr. McKenzie Fairfax. Lady W. T. Manning has been presented by the directors of tbe New Balmain Ferry Company with a handsome silver ualver, in remembrance of the-christening of the Com pany's new boat the Lady Manning. The present bears the following inscription: — ' A Souvenir of the- s.s. Lady Manning, February 10th, 1894,' with the initial in the centre. Messrs. Kerr and Cliapmr.D intend opening their social season on Wednesday eveniog, March 7, at the l.O.O.F. Temple, Elizabeth street. These assemblies ought to be well attended, as the promoters nre very popular. Messrs. I-anea' weekly assembly at the LO.O.F. Templo, Elizabeth -street, was well patronised on Thursday evening. The floor was in excellent condition, and dancing was kept up till closing time to the excellent music supplied by 'Lanes'' Band. Mr. C. Lane carried out the duties of M.C. lo per fection. Another dance will be held next Thursday, March I. Among the passengers by the s.s. Eauroto, which left for New Zealand, were Hon. J. Kidd, Postmaster- General ; Mr. Lambton, Deputy l'OBtmaster-Geheral ; and Mr. 1'. B. Walker, Secretary for Telegraphs, who will attend the l'ostal Conference. Mr. Buttor, Minister for Public Instruction, will take Mr. Kidd's place during his absence, while Mr. Dalgarno will act in place of Mr. Lamb ton, and Mr. WiUou in place of. Hr. Walker. Mr. H. G. Short, of Temple-street, Petcr Bham, entertained a party of friends at a musical evening on Wednesday, it being the occasion of his birthday. The night being very fine, a good number accepted in vitationB. Songs, recitations, etc., caused the time to pass too quickly. The supper was announced at 10 o'clock, after which music, etc., again was coutributed till mid night, when the company broke up. Among those present were :— Mr. and Mrs. G. Short, Mr. and Mrs. H. Williams, MisseB Short, Sheath, Greer, Richards, Gain, Miller, and Messrs. Sheath, Kilpatrick, Edmondt, and others. A birthday gathering was held on the 12th instant at the residence of Miss A. Koblnson, 45 Albion-street, Surry Hills, in honor of Miss Amelia Hobinson. At supper Mr. J. Mall proposed the health of Miss Kobinson, which was responded to with much enthusiasm. After suppor dancing, singing, and games were continued till nearly o a.m. next morning. Amonest the most notice able dresses were : — Miss A. Backhouse, cream brocade in silver, triniraed with passe menterie ; Miss Williams, heliotrope silk, velvet sleeves to match : Miss Hums, white silk, trimmed with gold : Miss Brown, white silk, trimmed chiffon; Mrs. T. Cane, pale blue silk and cream ; Mis; M. McCann, white book muslin; Miss A. i'obinsoD, in whose honor the party was given . wa6 dressed In a handsome pale pink satin, trimmed with white guipure and ehiiVon. Songs were ren dered during the evening by Miss liurn^Miss Robinson, Miss Backhouse,* Miss Brown, Miss M. MeCann, Messrs. G. Newton, V. Fuller, G. Carter, H. KobiuEon.and B. GibEon. Messrs. McMillan and Chase presided at the piano and violin respectively. A very pleasant social was given by Mrs. Treston at the Camperdewn Town Hall on Tuesday evening, to celebrate her daughter's birthday. About BO couples were present, and dancing, interspersed with vocal items, was kept up till midnight, when an adjourn ment was made for supper, at which Mr. Sweeney proposed the health of Mr., Mrs., and Miss Preston, to which Mr. Gray, on behalf of Mrs. Preston, suitably responded. After cupper dancing, singing, and various games were continued up till about 4 a.m., when the company broke up by sing fag 'Auld Lang Syne.' Among those present were Mesdames Sprod, Delaney, Harnlin, Cnlbert, Manwaring, Morgan, Sweeney, Moran, J. Oulbert, Stewart, Gray, Misses Sweeney, Spred, Gordon, RtiBBell, Manwaring, Preston', Cruickshank, Thomp son, Messrs. F. Knight, C. Higney, W. Sprod, Manwarini; (2), H. Sprod, S. Foster, Sweeney (3), Smith, Hawkins, Morrow, Hughes, Gray (2), CruickBhank, Boxall (2), and Bwycr. The following ladies and gen tlemen contributed sones during tbe even ing : — Miss Sweeney, ' The Girl Next Door;' Miss Manwaring, '? Oh, Ko, Porter ;' Mxa. Gray, ' The Lover and the Bird j' Mr. Sweeney, ' Tbe Midshipmite ;' Mr. Hughes, ' The Nipper ;' Mr. H. Sweeney, 'They all Love Jack :' also Messrs. Sprod, Cruickshanfc, Dwycr, and Boxall. Tho music was sup plied by Miss A. Sweeney, Messrs. A. llan warinR, C. Boxall, Gray, Dwyer, Sprod, and Hawkins. Mr. F. J. Knightactcd efficiently as M.C. A very pleasant evening waB spent at the residence of Mr. Watkin Wynne, 'Ohow- inghee,' Waverley, a number of friends being invited to welcome Mr. Wynne homo after his trip to America. Dancing was kept goinp in a lively spirit during the even ing, an innovation to tho ovenicg'6 amuse ment biiEj gt:ii\;tt:as by o phonograms Mr. Wintle sang, 'For Ever and for Ever,' also 'In Vain, Though VantEhod from My Heart ;' Jlr. Chandler, ?? Only Once More.' The follewing were amongst the guests:— Mr. aud Mrs- Haycraft, Mrs. aud Mi6s Monk, Messrs. A. Monk, A. L. Pieton, Longwcll, Mr. and Miss Maconachic, Mr. and Miss Wrutle, Mr. Ussher, Mr. and Mrs. Vial, Miss Vial, Messrs. B. Vial, Morris, Mr. and Mrs. Eehmidt, Mr. Frazer, Mr. aud Mm. Hurley, Mr. Perdreau, Mrs. Wiley, Mr. und Miss Wilson, Mr. H. Chandler, Mrs. Chandler, Mr. A. Chandler, Mr. and Mrs. Whitbread, Miss Whitbread, Miss Phillips, Miss Culder, Mr. H. 8. Uamsay. ' Leamington House,' Glebe Point, pre sented a gay and pleasing appearance on Wednesday evening last, on the occasion of a complimentary dance being tendered to the Misses Shearsby, by a numbR^of ladies and gentlemen. The soiree was organised by Miss Connie Chapman. aB a token of appreciation for the many pleasant dances given during the past season by the Misses Shearsby. Dancing proved the main avenue to divert the current of enjoyment, and it was in tbe early morn that the last of the 17 dances were gone through. Recherche supper was serrcd on the lawn at midnight, where the usual toasts incidental to such occasions were proposed and responded to. During the evening selections were rendered by the following : — Overture. Mies C. Chap man ; Misb Grieves, ' Remember me no more,' ' Ora pro Nobis ;' Mr. Sam. L. Stead, ' Out on the deep ;' Mr. Watson, ' Mona ;' Miss Chapman, 'Lenore:' and others. Among the many present were Mesdames Ehearsbyand Chapman, Misses K. and M. Shearsby, Chapman, iirieve=, M. Miller, Hedses. Laud, McQuern. Banks. Wallace. Baird, D. Crommelin, C. Crommelin. Crit tenden. Bovran, I.. Cronimeiia, MesErs. Shearsby, ten.. A. Shearsby. McCiedie. Stead, Smith. Mailland, ilax, McPhee. Watson, Macqueen, Lawson, Lazarus, Hirsch. Carter. Baird (2), Olliffe. and M. J. Fitzgerald. The festivities vrere kept up with unllagginc energy nntil the small hours of the morning. MR. TITTLEBAT TITMOUSE KAE, M.P., fou Guost Hollow, Waooa, is Removed from the II?rsF. ok nis Little Pink Eau by the Seeueast at Aemr. v \Iftlie electors could watch his antics within tie Legislative Halls tiiey would follow suit at twrt election. 1 