oscvst. BY ALFRED BERXIE BELL. CHAPTER XII.—Continue J. " Stay, old girl ; good fortune has brought you two fresh husbands tonight to mike amends for the dead one she depiived you of," cried Leon, while Jacques exelaimed— " Bravo, Leon, one of our wives has returned to us. Stay, my love, do not run away from your Jacques.'' They were close behin.1 him, one on each side, and about to seize him, when Oscar turned. He could have shot them both in an instant with that unerring revolver, but that would be too good a fate for them; besides, he would disturb the villain Gaspard. whom he also wished to capture. So when he wheeled round lo face his pursuers, he trusted to nature's weapons only. Even then, the two desperadoes, in the gathering gloom, did not find their mistake out. They rushed at him utterly unsuspicious, expecting nothing worse than a scratched face or bitten fingers. Oscar had gathered all his strength and nerve, the whole force of a thousand furies seemed to animate him ; but even with these utter scoundrels, though two to one, his sense of Australian fair play would not let him attaek them unaware. As they were about to lay hands on him, he took a quick step back, and in a low but distinct voice he said— " Come on, you devils ; I am Oscar Trevosser." The effect was marvellous. Both staggered back as if they had already received a blow. Instinctively, they raised their arms in a posture of defence. Oscar gave them one second of time, to prepare for his reception ; then, like a furious wild bull, he rushed to the charge. Right and left the skilful boxer shot out his fists, with the full power of his massive body behind each blow. And in a very few minutes both Frenchmen lay prone. Leon's eyes felt to him as if they had been struck clean through to the back of his head. He was completely blinded for the time being; but Jacques, although his nose spouted a crimson fountain, did not feel the effects of that blow. The last great upper cut Oscar had delivered fair at the butt of his ear, and he had rolled over like a pithed bullock, lying stunned and insensible. Having thus disposed of Jacques for a time, •our young hero securely bound Leon with a piece of a rope he had brought for such an emergency. He then gagged him to prevent his calling out, atid disturbing the wounded Gaspard. Serving Jacqyes in a similar fashion, for fear he should recover, Oscar still wearing Bridget's clothes, now approached the camp. As he expected,"the wounded Gaspard was lying down, and had seen nothing ofthe fray. When Oscar appeared before him and covered him with his revolver, the great giant stared in a ghastly way, his hair seemed to rise from his head, and he evidently believed it was the ghost of the injured Bridget about to take summary ven- geance on him for his crimes. It was almost a relief to Gaspard when Oscar spoke and undeceived him. " Well, Mr. Gaspard, I suspect you have found out by this time that the way of transgressors is hard." Gaspard made no reply; in fact, he could not. His hideous and repulsive countenance was rendered perfectly frightful by the swollen cheeks where the bullet had passed through, and from which the blood and matter were oozing. His comrades had done nothing- for him. His injured shoulder and shattered jaws had rendered the rough journey over the ranges Jiorrible torture to him. . Having securely bound Gaspard's legs together and fastened his sound arm to a sapling to prevent his escape, Oscar' got some water and bathed the wounded man's face, and bound him with a strip torn from one of the calico coverings of the "escapees' swags. He then examined the wounded shoulder, and found the bullet had passgf nearly througli it, being visible under the skin on the other side. Oscar whipped his knife in, and the bull®? dropped into his other hand. Showing it to Gaspard, he asked hhn if he would save it for him to wear on his watch chain. Then, thinking it beneath him and unmanly to rliaff and triumph over his captive—be he ever ] such a depraved brute—Oscar bound • up this wound also. Propping him up j with the swags and blankets so that he j could rest comfortably, he returned to the other two, and carrred them one by | one into the.camp, placing them along- k side Gaspard. He was afraid he had " 'cilled Jacques outright, for he was still ] insensible. Before' the encounter, the escapees had m ide preparations for supper, and so quickly had the whole proceedings taken place, that Oscar had his prisoners snugly in camp just as the quart§ were boiled, and the johnny cakes done to a turn. He soon made a r aid on the tucker box, sailing into the salt junk as if it were^aned turkey, and disposing of the johnny-cakes as if they muffins or, crumpets. The ti to him like' yg®, nectar, might. Oscar man's appetite, hours. • -rjSf Oscar could not be brutal. Before made this attack <m the rations, he had^ taken the gags from the mouths of Leon and Jacques. They were no longer required, and he would pot inflicted needless torture on them. Now, ha.bathed each of their faces ; Leon's eyes were hopelessly bunged up, but Oscar had the satisfaction of seeing Jacques come to; then he sat down and quizzically surveyed the group, while he thus soliloquised to himself^- " Well, you are apretty set of fellows, I would like to have a plfotograph of this family group. Oscar, my boy, your private hospital does you Credit." Then glancing at his own ofttlattdish Costume, he burst out laugjjjllll" I declare—I am as big a guy asfjpy of them, Afid there's my own head up. . Mounseer have to^tfjfltt^vin the middl a BrisbanenaHBSBttSPy. sea! over He offi them coul taken awayt! And now, go through that seeme3li||^^^H^Pian all bis previous ^e^ia^^l^ idt completelyoye^ii^i^thsleep. His eyelids^ Seeined too-hfeavy to keep np, the dro wsygod battling hard to gain the compiete mastery of him. Nothing but the certainty of his imminent danger kept him awake. Securely as he had bound his prisoners, it would be an easy task for one to release another, and although he had removed the firearms and placed them beside himself, even bound as they were, Leon' or Jacques could crawl or roll over to them. No, his only security was in keeping careful watch over the prisoners throughout the night. So he lit pipe after pipe, and smoke furiously to keep himself awake. Many a night had Oscar kept anxious watch over his cattle, but never did the might of desire for rest grow upon him Us it did qow. The events that had followed since he started on this expedition had driven sleep from him, the awfulmurders and subsequent anxiety of the putsuit, the high tension of his nerves, had all banished any possibility of sleep for days and nights. Ever since he had left Tortilla he had hardly closed his eyes. Insomnia had now yielded to nature, and sleep rushed upon him like a flood tide. He walked backwards -and forwards in front of the fire; then he felt himself come to a standstill against his will. He seemed to have l°st the power of volition, and there— standing Molt upright—his eyes shut down in spite bf himself. He thought of his If.ome and the anguish of his parents, the terrible distress of Blanche ®»0uld the report reach Tortilla thaf he was kiiledl But this thought only led him to think of the happiness of his r iturn. From that he wandered^on to d team of-the blissful halcyon days in £tore, till he fancied he was actually with Blanche standing before the altar. Ha cS«d hear the swelling, trium phant peal of the organ rolling forth the g'orious strains of the wedding march, Then in a moment a dense wreath of s noke filled the church, up leaped great tongues of flame, the face of his bride and all present shone blood red in the terrible glare, and from hundreds of throats rose the terrible cry of-" Fire, fire, fire." There was a crash, a fall; then Oscar leaped to his feet and yelled "Fire," ateo; and fire it was, for he had fallen on the yet live embers, and Bridget's skirt was a!l ablaze around him. He quickly rolled over and over and extinguished the flames, but he had received one or two severe burns, the pain of which effectually kept hjmjt awake. He made the fire up, examined his ners, and walked briskly round the The moon was at the .full, and fenew that by such a light* Mungo I Junky could follow their tracks Easily He was not, therefore, greatly ejirprised, towards daylight, to hear the cry of the morepork. This was a wellknown signal between himself and his two blackboys. Again the sound came, but so" natural its cadejice, he felt even yet not quite, sujre.' He answered the note, then the' third tim? the cry was repeated, and he felt certain on! of-the blacks was near him, watching the^mp. Soon his attentive ear caught a rustling sound in the foliage, and out from beneath a mass of ierns peeped Mangle's face, his shaip eyes shining as they caught the fire's glow. " All right, Mungle, old fellow; cabon glad you make alight camp." Mungle thus addressed, emerged from the bushes. But he no sooner obtained a fair view of Oscar than he burst into an uncontrollable fit of laughjOh, golly! you make native bear boss 1 Oh, oh, oh 1 Oh, crikey 1 Ink it bust up laughing. You ish, Misser Oscar." tingle opened his eyes still further further when he saw the prisoners all in a row, like trussed fowls. His (^SfJ twinkled, as the tears sprang from thePv He could not speak ; he simply d himself up and roared, till you ttol!T<F fancy every joint in his backbone* " ;ed with the jerks of his spontaneous itions. At the sound of his upus laughter, a rush of hoofs foland in another moment Junky b Massie rode up at a gallop ; is they descended from their horses , too, joined Mungle, and the whole ey resounded to. their merriment, e laughing jackass thought it was day, and joined in with his cackling chorus. " What the blazes is the matter with you all ? " said Oscar. " Bob, I expected you at least would not go off your chump in that fashion." " Oscar, you have no idea of the figure you cut, it is simply irresistible." And truly, such a sight would be enough to make a judge laugh while passing the death penalty. Oscar still wore his horsehair wig and Bridget's bonnet; but as he had not shaved for several days, an unmistakable crop of bristles covered his face. Fragments of Bridget's burnt skirt still clung around him, his long trouser legs showing beneath. As soon as Bob Massie had sufficiently recovered, he heartily congratulated Oscar on the successful capture .of the desperadoes, and questions'were poured in on him by both blacks arid white. " Hofr ever did you accomplish tfajjl miracle ? " asked Bob. ^ V , , - " How you cat<A Jbijn, boss? Yott salt him tail; me tfufHSt" "By golly, Misser Oscar, you bi»v| chop^up Frenchmen very bad. Make two fresh mouth loriga one feliow; bung em two fellow eyejporrer one. Bail lair ' share that," saia^Bbngle; and he and Junky fairly } r e(fBpagain at this sally, Oscar briefly related what had occurred, and then Bob Massie told his story— " When you l^ffHis at poor Burgess' hut, I pushed on to St. Lawrence, and you may depend I did not let the grass grow under my horse's feet. At the police court I at once made my report. Sergeant Flannigan had just arrived with a detachment of mounted police from Rockhempton, and Ji^ffiromised -. to start a^ soon as^'they their horses for an houft That^renSi * gunboat, that picked you up off the reef, had arrived jat^ Broadsound, and the Lieutenant, I hefe'd, would accompany the police. However, I did not wait five minutes in St. Lawi turned with my pony clean 1 to Burgess' _ hut, where I , picked Mangle, and mounting a fresh horse, we travelled all night on your tracks. VVe only stopped an. hour at daylight to rest the horses at daylight, to rest the rest :he horses and get a smack toeatand a pot of tea. Then on we travelled again till about io o'clock, when we met Junky riding madly back on the tracks, his eyes staring from his head, and in such a state that for some time we could not understand a word the poor fellow said. At last he told us the dreadful news, you were all- shot down. I say, old man, I have not got over the fright he gave me yet j we all felt bad about it, I can tell you. This news caused me to hurry on faster than ever, and Junky returned with us. ; It was as good as a play to see Junky's face when w^gg^gjffjB the Jbrigalow camp to find Jack Tractor pmgped up there as jolly as a sand-boJV wim^oor Mrs. Burgess waiting on hint hand and foot. We only stopped for a pot of tea and a smoke, and to give our horses their wind; then off on the tracks again, and here we are, not sorry to find you either; although, I'm blest if I think your own mother would know you in that rig-out." By the time Bob had finished his story Oscar had fallen asleep, so he and the boys kept watch. {To be Continued.) ^Robert Shannon, a builder, prosecuted at IStebe Point, Sydney, lyider the Act of Charles II., for working onfche S&bbtkth;, and ifrftfi fined 2s 6d, or two h ints' public con- • fineaient in the stocks. He declared that ha would go into the stocks, and was removed in custody. Matthew Davies, guinea pig and lame dock* has had the cheek to apply in the Melbourne Insolvency Court for an unconditional certificate '.of discharge, the liabilities being stated at £281,000 and the assets at £90. The Judge reserved his decision. Permission has been given for the establishment of a mint at Perth. ' ". A building occupied by the shearers who»i" • were working at Mutooroo station, in S.A., under the pastoralists' agreement, has been burned down. The origin of the fire is ua» known. New South Wales gained 1.3,070 inbabi- • tants daring last half-year, and the popula- *' tion now numbers 1,236,440. A new alluvial goldfield has broken out about twenty tniies from Clermont, ioe. of gold to the load, average. A dirty old hag found in Bathurst, in rags r<J and starving and yet possessed of about • • .£300. As she would not draw any out of the bank, the bench sent her to gaol for medical supervision. _ Another discovery, said to be richer than either Bayley'e or the Londonderry, Is reported to have been tnade in a claim at the White Feather purchased bv Lord Pel Douglas for the West Australian Groldfie Company. A case pf child murder has beeni at Mount Morgan, the body of veloped male child having bfeen tc closet neat a house occupied" 1 M'Killop, HOT daughter. Annlft hu been arrested, and remanded ! date, 1 when a charge of «edu " well-known man will Be«lso j 