LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. A MEETINO of the St. Patrick's Day sports committee was held in St. Patrick's Hall laset Tuesday nighit. There wa a very fair attend ance, some twenty persons being present, and the Rev. A. Horan presided. The seoretary announoed that he had received donations from Mr. Lewis Thomas, M.LA.., £1 lI.; Dr. Geoghegan, £1; Mrs. S. Watson, 10s.; Mr. F. Wbitehoose, jun., £1; Mr. J. Ferguson, £1; Qoinlan, Gray, and Co., £2; Perkinsa ana Co., £l: Mr. G. Smith, a whetnot (value l£1); and Mr. John Wright, two tone of ooeal. At the instance of the Rev. A. Boremn, a hearty vote of thanks weeas scorded to the donors. A eonverration among the committee with regard to the ground enosed, after which the meeting termioated. L?ADINo Politicans and Prelatea of Ansetra lie hsve had their portraits painted by Mr BtrNlam Artist, reoentlyengaged by the I.X.L' Co., Ipawioh. Do yon wanta Faithful Pioture of Yourself. Relative, or Friend, at a reson. able prioe OCall and inquirs,--(ADrT.) 455 As a ftting termination of St. Patriok's Day (Saturday newt), it beea been arranged to hold a mseoellsneous entertaioment in the Sohool of Arts in the evening, which is to be given by the popils of St. Mary's Convent Sohool, asn aisted by a few friends. The programme to be submitted appears in another column, and is anoh as should attraot a foll honse. Wo reommend BALL'se Seeds before any in the market. He has just received, per Orient steamer, a Splendid Colleotion of Vegetable, Field, and Flower 8eeds, all in splendid order. New and Rare Seeds for '94, and now ready Cabbage, Oauliflower, Carrot, Celery, Beans, Tornip, Lettoe, Radish, and all other Vegetable Seeds. Two Thousand Bulbs, in. eluding Hysoinths, Gladioli, Naroissne, Freetzias, Bingle and Double Datodils, Snow. drops, aend Tulips. One Thoesand New Varieties of Seed in splendid order. JaES BALL, Nicholas.astreet, Ipawich.--[ADTvt.] A Grown laeds sale was condooted at the local Londs Officoe on Tuesday east by Mr. CommisEoner Cameron, There was a fair number of persoens present, but excoept for one lot there was very little competition. Allot. meat 4 of seetion 75B, containing 39 8/10 par. ehea, situated between the Woodond~road and Maoraesetreet, in the county of Stanley, par ish o f Ipewioh, was eeoored by Mr.. William deiloer for £18-the upset prioee Portion 1G8, containing 66s. Ir. 20p., end situated on the right bank of the Brisbane River, east of por. tion 38., near the Wireoboe crossing, oounty of Carvendieh, parish of Wirenhoe, was pur. chased by Mr. J. J. Smith foe £116 1is. The npset prsoe was £9915s. Portion 2v, conbain ing 26 aores, situated about three miles north. westerly from Rosevals. head etation. being cancelled agrioultnural farm No. 166, canby of Churchill, parish of Resevale, was obtained by Mr. R. C. M. Filoher at the speet prine--£lS WANTeID everyoe to call and inpeot the Enlarged Portraiture now execnuted by the I.X.L. Co. ?nolargements in Oils, Water. Colour. Bromide, Opal, &o.;, &do.;, at prioee hitherto unheard of in Ipawich, All work guaranteed to give eatisfaotion.-(ADvT.) 455 Wn (Bfl~o ecrg Mail, regret to learn that three deaths have coeurrel from measles, the first that tare taken place from the spidemic aieo ita itsoption here. Of the deaths onewan that of a kanaka atFuirymoad, the other two being infants, eleven and sixteen months old respectively. The attendance at the Central State School (boys) shows a dimonition from 150 on Monday 5th instant to 120 last Monday, As will be seo from oar business columns, the sports which were to havs bern held at Lowood on St. Patrick's Day have been poet. poaed until Easter Monday on account of the very wet weather. Otn Gatton readers will be glad to learn that thie transfer of Ylemor.Constablo KIing to Cairns has been cancelled, and he is to remain in Gatton. This satisfactory order has (snya the Loriyrr Star) been made through the inter. vention of several Gotton residents and Mr. W. D. Armstrong. M.L.A. AT the usual weekly meeting of St. Paul's Mutual Improvement oeiety, heald on Tueeday evening lsrt, there was a good attendance, the prelsident (the Rev. E. MehItres) presiding. One account was paessed for payment. Te recre. ta y read a letter from the North Ipawich class. stating that the senbject for next week would be a debhste-"Should the Fracchine be ex. tende4 to Women" (that evening being the date fired for the visit of St. Paul's lesse to North Ipewich). The etj?ct for the evening was a " Meeock Election." Mr. J. Smith prc posed Mr. G Lobb as the Ministorialist candi. date, Mr. F. Crane seoonding the proppsle. Mr. E. M.llar proposed Mr. W. Worley as the Labour candidate, the propr e dt being seconded by Mr. J. P. Atkinson. After the two aspir ants to Parliamentary honours had addresnred bthe electors, queetions weresaked and anewered satisfactorily by both candidates. A tballot wane then taken, and decided in favour of the Miiicterial candidate by the Chairman's canst. ing vote. The meeting wan then c:oeed with the pronouncing of the benediction. CBatn Aon Foons Iave in Stock Seed Wheat (Pagh's Prolific); Seed Barley; Seed Oats (Tartarian); Yaten's Garden Seed. [Aooe ] 836 I anea that there is a scheme on foot in London (says the Rockhamption lulletin's correspondent) for staerting an Old Maids Insurance Ssc:ey. After all there is nothing so very absurd In the motion, for it hans been in practical operation in Denmark for many years. If a lady remains unmarried till she reaches the age of forty abe will rooeive an amount in proportion with the number of years during which she has paid an annual saebscription, but if sabe marries before or after that age ashe will forfeit all claim on the company. Witboat wishing to puff the institution one cannot help thinking that money will very frequently fall into the coffers of the company, as few ladies will be able to resist the temptation of a proposal. The premium asked by the office with these favourable ehances in view ought to be a very moderate one. The company has fixed the age of an old maid at forty, so that much dispated point is settled for the future. Tsa I.LL. Photo Company have eaonred the services of A. D. BiRnrs, an Artist who is ecknowledged by the ariticsto be one of the beat in Anstralia. Has executed Portraite of most of the Prominent Men in Queensland. (Anv .) 455 Ta? Warwick drgus of Saturday says that the annual haydrawing to So. Marg'd Presby tery took place on Tuesday last. The gener ans manner in which they contribute to the comfort and oounveniensce of their worihy perish priest is charaoteristia of the per'ehionere of St. Mary', and the day on which the lefts and bhars at the Presbytery are to be replenished is locked forward to with a good deal of inter eat. This year was no ecroeption to the role, and a large supply of fodder wes sent in en Toesday. At 1 o'clck a large number of farmers and others, including his Grace Arch bishop Doone, ant down to dinner at the Preo bytery, end a couple of hours were epr.t very pleasantly. F. A. WHITEHEAD Was the only prize-winner in the photographio reotion, Summer Show, 1893\. High class work only erecuted at the old-established Studio, BrisbanestrBst, - [Aert ] 154 Toa usnal monthly service was held on Sunday morning last at the Sandy Gallop Asylum, and was conducted by Mr. A. E. Henry, ourate of St,. Poaul's. He based his remarks on the 16th chapter of St. Mark's Gospel,and 4th verse-"And whenthey looked they saw that the stone was rolled away." The presobher said that, altiiongh this was an neater subject, he would take this opportunity of deliverang it, although the festive season had not yet arrived. The inmates paid due attention to the preacher, the service lasting shabout half'an-hour. Ar the Police Court, on Teesday morning last. before the Police Magintrate and Mean.r. J. V. Jenkins, J. Parrelly, E. Harding and P. O'sllivao, a first offender was charged with having been drank in Brinbasne.atrcet on the previonesday. Hepleaded "Guilty,"and wa discharged. Wwon our reporter left to catch the train on Monday last, the meeting of the Laidley Divi nional Board was not over. We take from the LocLyrr Stur the following report of the bosi. ness after oar representative left :-I&. Mao nsmara drew attention to the fact that Mr. 8. Fanlkiner, of Forest Hill. had banked a water oerse up running through hise property, throw. leg the water on to the road, injuring it and his neghboeurs. He thought a teat case should be made of it, that it might be a warning to other.n, Mr. O'Keee ceorroborated this. He thought it was time a test case was made. The evil first came up at Burneide, and was allowed to grow until the Board was imposed ,n on every hand. After others had spoken, Mr. Macnamara gave notice of motion as follows :--" That the Board see Simon Faulki iner in the District Court, to shbow cause why he should not remove the dam which he has erected on the Forest Hillroad." Mr. Dan can? also gave notice of motion as follows: " That ilt, of stone pitching 42t11. long be laid down aoroase William-treet at Patrick- street." OOn Danedin correspondent writes that Mr. E. W. Morrah, inspector of the Bank of Aus tralasia, died wry snddenly at Wellington on February 1L. After rising in the morning he turned on the watder io the bath,. and while waiting lay down on a sofa, Mrs. Morrsh heard her hasband sigh softly, and on looking at him was startled at his appearance. He had pissed away quietly withot any other aign from failore of the heart's actrieon. Mr. Meorrah bad been forty-two years in the serrice of the back. He leaves a wife and thirteen ohildren. He has always enjoyed aplendid health, and often sald he had never been laid up in his life.-&felbourne; Argus, On Monday evening last the usual weelay meeting of the Unity Lodge, I.O G.T., was held in the Temperance Hall, West-street. when there was a very fair attendsooae of members. B]o. A. Berry. C;T., opened the meeting in the ordinary way. Oce new mem. her weeas proposed, accepted, and duly initiated. The digest of the busines? to be placed before the meeting of the Grand Lodge to be held in Brisbeane on Oood Friday next was considered, and the lodge's representative-Bro. T. Linth waits, SJ.T.-was givesr inastructions am to what counrse of action to take in regard to the matters to be di6onused. Reference wa made to the death of Mr. JborMacfarlasoe MLA., and it was nanimonsly resolved that a letter of condotence should be eant to the widow of tbhe deeaeed gentleman. Bros. A..Berry, '. Linthwaite, and D. Dalton each made alloeion to the subject, and spoke of the great lees that the temperatcs movement in Quaeenall n had annstainad by Mr. Maofarlane's death. Sebae. qseatly harmony wao indulged in for an hour or so, and a very pleasant time was spent. Bere F. Bredbaner presided at the piano, and in the course of the proceedinga be played aeveral selectionsa We have bee. informed that, in accordance with the detesion recorded above, a letter of co?dolene, eigned by Bros. A. Berry, C.T:, G. Little. V.T., M. J. Deane, P.G.C., and Sister S. Taskett, smoeretry, was sent to Mrs. leofarlane yesterday. AT the Couoe Police Conrt the other day, Thomas Barley, moulder, Colann, ignorant of the shook be would inflict on the judicial mind of the administrative Beanh, appeared before their worabhipe fresh from the moulding shop. He ta?rned up "as black as a nitger.'saed gave one the imprension that he had just been sweep. ing his dwelling.houee chimney, which, as a matter qt faot, he was eanmmonasd for having on irr. Bowever, he had to listen to en indigna flow of language from theChairman'o lipe and, instead of only being crdered to pay the coats, got 5.. putou the top of it for at waeshing his lace. Mn. ANDtEnW LANn and other?? onverts to a belief in ghosts (writes the London correspond ent of the Rookhamptoh Bualet?), have a matter for investigation provided for them by a story related in a Philadelphia paper. A lady in that city, a member of "a family of importance in the history of the State," had a twin brother who was making his fortune in New Zeasland. One evening lately, the story goes, the lady was sitting Eurronnded by friends, when all at once she gave a piercing cry, and, plaeing her hand to her side, fell fainting to thefllor. Oo revivingehe declared that she had been snddenly stabbed just above the heart and under the left arm, sodicating the spots. She was aesured that she was labouring ounder the runcat imagination, hobut was hard to convince teat this oar the ease, so plainly had she felt the nkmfi enter her body. That nieht a lettlo daughter wae born to hebor, and the child was fond to be marked on the places indicated by the mother as the wounds she had imagined. News soon afterwards arrived thlit her bro hler had been killted, stabbed by a native in the p'aco bhere she had felt the woonde. This ie the Catsian brothers over egain, and, if on investigation the account proves tree, it need scrcely be added that it isan ocearre?nce which will inBiotely strengeern -go far to coefirm, ideed-belief in tale pathy. Tor Wtild River 2io'e learnt from Monlt albion tbo; a woman kmoon as Mrs. Ellen Frances Weir died short y alter her admission to the Walsh Districtr Iol?Fisal recently, and that the causne of death was want of food. The poor woman, it appears, had been acting as houeakeeper to a minop with two obildren. ter employer went away stream tinning some time back, since when she had received little or no money from him to keep herself and the two children. Last week, however, it seems she received £2from him. which unfortunately came too late. The etmangest and most dis tresring feature of the melncholy circom stonee is that the Unfortunate woman is be lieved to have had money looketd up in the Qsoeensland National Bath, which she was under the impression she co'd not tonobh. Two Lindon correspondentof the Rookhamp. ton Bulleti, writes :-Some interesting facts were given by Mr. E Si. Revenstlein in his lecture on "' The Biciei E pire no' a Geographi. oal and Coomercial Unit,'" de!i'ered by him at the Imper:al Institute on Monday evening. It appears that 20 per cent. of the area of the whole world, whibch consists of 52 429.000 square miles. is British. Oer the wor!d's area is a pcpotatllion of 1 417,258 000, re which 26 per cam. are Brisish subj:cts. But in the British Empire only 12t per cont. of the popo. lation are Europeans. As to the religions of the Empire, 14 per cent. of the whole popula tion are Christians. which means that we have converted about 2 per cent. of the natives. That eoanverson, it may be interesting to know, has ooat some 200 millions sterling. The lecturer then showed by means of a diagram, illnastrating the world sorroonded with bound. :are, thas the sea boundary consiets of 34,000 geographiscal miles, while the land boundatry conslists of 22,000 geographical miles. The vast extent of the former shows the onecessity of an offioient defenoe by sea, not so much for the sake of the colonies as in order to secore the roads of commerce which connect the mother country with the rest of the world. Having made a rapid servey of the constitution of the British Empire, Mr. Ravenstein apoke of the commerce of theEmpire, stating that within its limits every nesessity might be pro. doncd. Oe Tueeday morning last about B o'olock one of the night porters ast the railway station dis. covered a man, apparently unable to move, lyin~o under the DeviL'd Gully Bridge. He lost no time in summoning the police, and Constable Henry came down. A stretoher having been obtained from the station, the man was eon veyed to the Hospital by Constables Henry and Bandloy, with the assistance of several rail way men, Here it was found, on examination, that the whole of the man's back was one mass of contnsions and abrasions. The back of his bhead was also badly bruised, and he had a laceration of the scalp behind the right ear. It appears that the suffrer, whose name is James Mathewson, is a miner, and he had, it is esaid, been at the Ulster Botel during the previous evening. After leaving there we noderstand that he went back to the house in Bell-street where he was lodging, and the next morning he was found lying, wet through, near the waterway uder the bridge. He must have passed the greater portion of the night there in an on consionus and helplrss condition, for he was very cold when admitted ieto the institution. It is asurmised that he fell fiom the bridge a diatanoe of oense SOft., bt eas it is not known from what part he fell the depth canoot be sexatly ganged. However, it moast have been a good distanoe to aoount for the severe nature of hie injuries. It is fortunate for him that he did fall on hie back and not on his bhead for, had he done so, this notice would probably have been of an obintuary nature. He himself declares that somebody puashed him off the bridge. Everpthing was done at the Hospital to make him comfortable, shd he is now doing well, though still very stiff and acre. Ae the Polios Court, yesterday morning, before the Police Magistrate, Elizabeth Ann Haeswell sued Eli Hilliard for the apport of his illegitimate child. Mr. Gen. V. Jenkins (for Messrs. Foxion and Cardew) appeared on behalf of the plaintiff, and Mr. J. Lynch (from Mr. BL M'Gill's ofces) forthe defendant. The saoee was adjourned, by mutual consent, until next Wednesday. Tan Syney dMorning Heraldof MondayesPys: \--Last evening the Presbyterian Chinese Church, Foster- street. Haymarketr, was orowded, the ooeasion being the admittanoe by baptism into the Chrietisn Chubrch of ten Chinese. The Rev. George Yong Wai con donted the servioe, assisted by the Rev. Dr. Goesh. The Rev. Ynug Wai having preaohed a sermon in ChObinese on bthe subject of baptism, Dr. Gosh made a statement regarding the candidates, showing that, with the exoeption of one youth thirteen years of age, who had only been in the colony two years, the remain ing oandidates ranged in ages from twenty.six to thirty-seven years, and had been resident in the colonims for periods ranging from seven -ears to fifteen years, and in the majority of esees their past lives had, prior to their eon versraion, been given to gambling, opium smoking, and in two eaes to drink. Dr, Cosh then put the usual questions, whioh were interpreted to the esandidates by the Rev. Yong Wai, and thz oandidates were admitted to the Christian Cbhrch by the Boe. Yung Wai. COSTAITLY the beat medicine known Is MANDEB AND Seo s' Enoalypti Exaeot. Test its eminently powerfol effeots in. oonghs colde, in8faeon-the relief is insttataneoue, In serious cnes, and asooidents of all kinda, be they wounda, barns, nolding~, bruises, sprains,it las the esfet remedy--aeswelling, no inflammation. Like ourprisingeffeots prodoned in cioup, diphtheria, bronobilis, inesammation of the lunge, swellings, &n.; diaehsa, dynesn tery, diseanesafthe kidney ond urinary organs. In see at hospitals and medlical olinics all over the globe; patroeised by hitiajmesty the Kag of Italy; crowned with msdal and diploma at international Exhibition,. Amsterdam. Trust in this approved artiele, and reject all others. -'Any.' 55 The Brikbane Boardof Warterworks on Mon day consoidered two tenders for 3000 tens of coal, and accepted the lowest-that Eof Mr. John Wright, of the E?lipoe Colliery at Tivoli. The pries to be paid in Os. G0 . per ton, delivered at the pumping station at Moumnt Crohby, for whicho the eal is intended. TfE report oI the Woogaroo Lunatic Aeylumn for the week ending on the 10th instant states that four maele and twenty females were transferred from Woogaroo, one f?male was discharged, end two males were transferred from Diamantina, leavmg 516 malesm and 303 females at Woogaron, 120 males at Sandy Gallop. and 96 at Diamantina. The Medioal Superintendent acknowledges, with thanks, thu receipt of a paronel of newspapers from the pro priators of the N. A. tdetuog, Brisbane, and Mre. GoggS, Woolston, for the patients at Gooden; and papera from Mr. W. Vowles, Newtown, for the patients at Banay Gallop. A thie weekly meeting of the Hoard of Waterworks on Moreeday it was reported tlat the bridge at Mount Crwby pumping station was so far completed as to allow of some traffic over it. It is anticipated that the structure will be completed in the course of the week. TnE following tenders have been received by tile House Committee of the Ipswich Hospital for making ten pallinsseea more or less :--John Hucker, Ies; Wim.John Palmer, Ios: and W. Harper, 8s. Forcleaning and re-making with new tick thirteen mattrasses more or less anti eupplying extra fibre where thin:-John Hucker, 22', 19t, and 17 Gd (61be fibre); Winm. John Palmer, 21s, 18s 3d. and 17e (61be fibre): and Wm. Harper, 10s Gd (Glb to 81bis fibre). I'or cleaningand remaking, in old tick, washed, and supplying fibro where thin. thirteen mat trasses more or les :--John Hucker. 8s, adding 61bs fibre where needed; V. J. Palmer. 8s, adding Gtbs fibre where needed; and Winm. Harper,he,addmgi 61b to 81bs ibre whero needed. lom the purpose of "killing" or obliterating stamps on posted letters, the United States Poest-Office Department has adopted a machine run by electricity. It "kills' about 30,000 stamps per hour, The letters are placed upon their edges in a hopper and an ingenious device carries them between feed rolls, from which they paess on to the ink rollers. A register shows the number of letters cancelled. The date ant hour of the operation are auteomatic ally indicated upon the letters. Ota Briabann correspondent wrote last night en follows :-The ordinary meeting of the Brisbane Municipal Council, which has been delayed by the deadlock which has prevailed in connection aith the election of Mayor, was held this afternoon. There was a full council. The reading of the minutes ocoupied over half. anhour, and a large awmount of correspondence had also to be dealt with. The Finanse Com. mittee's report, retommendine the payment of accounts amounting to £6570 Bi. 5!., was adopted, An artist having offered to paint and present to the city a portrait of an ex. Mayor or a Governor,.ic wan agreed to suggest the name of the late Mr. John Petrie, During the miscellaneoons busines, the question of placing the remaining municipal debentures on the English market arose, but nothing definite was done in the matter. THE following is tlio programme of work supported by the minority of the executive committee of the Biitish Women's Temperance Association :--1, the passing o a measure pro hibiting the sale of intnxicating drinks to children; 2, the repeal of the Acts granting licenses to grocers and other shop-keepers; 3, the securing the election of temperance can didates as poor law guardians, as members of school boards, and onoall other public bodies; 4, the closing of public-houses on parlia mentary and municipal elbction days; 5, the scientific temperance instruction in schools:; 6, the substitution of non-alboholic for all fermented wine at the Lord's Supper; 7, the prevention of the hawking of intoxicants in railway stations and the sale of the same on steam-boats ; 8, themoreeffectivelegislation for inebriates; 9, the enforcement of the/Trank Act; 10, the supprelsion of the liquor t?rific by means of the direct veto; Ii, the passing of an Imperial measure to prohibit the sale of intoxicating drinks on Sunday; 12, the oppon. ing of licenses at Brewster Sessionse; 13, the preparation and citculatibn of -temperance literature; 14, preventive and reformatory work among women: 15; work among bar maids, and to build a strong public sentiment against the employment of women in public houses and othier demoralising resorts; 16, work for the prevention of granting liquor licenses to theatres, concert halls, and other places of entertainment; IT1 work among municipal women voters, that their influence as electors may be counted on the side of temperance.. It has been oficially repre sented that the minorfty of the executive committee desire that the British Women's Temperance Association "shall become a Woman's Society with temperance as its batie, but embracing all branchles ofaooial reform, such as the labour-question, woman's aefrage, peace and arbitration, the opium question, and social purity."V We desire to'state that the progresstive policy of the minority involves none of these questions, except as explicitly included in the foregoing lint; and we would emphatically declare that the question of woman's nuffrage has not been brought forward by the minority, and will not be pressed upon the association. Isaonr0'Soo;nMr . " 