A PARiSIAfl SEi-SATiOH. THE ANARCHIST HENRY. CONVERSATION WITH HIS GHOST. Experiments in ' occultism' — spiritual- ism we call it in America have for some time been in vogue in Paris, Dr. Charcot, shortly before his death, thought physicians would do well even to stop talking of hypno tism for the good of society. The following incident is of very recent occurrence. The uneasy spirit of Kmile Henry which appears in it may be considered, at the reader's choice, as good or bad, or an imposture, or else the Tesult of ' suggestion.' It ia N ? is a young Paris doctor of morethan ordinary ability. Unlike many of his com rades, he not only believes in a soul bat also in the possibility of spiritualist com munications He has had a scientific train ing in Charcot's experiments with hysterical and hypnotic patients, says the Paris correspondent of the Philadelphia Tims, and he ia thorough.lv acquainted with the ways oi maeiums. lie is bevonu suspicion of imposture, anS his training ought to keep him from being duped easily. Miss X ? is a young ladv I S years of age, a remarkable violinist, and' beautiful. She among both Parisian and American fine ladies, and which is known as neurasthenia Dr. N ? is the regular physician of Miss MisB X ? was present all through the trial of Emile Henry. Neither before nor sympathy with anarchist ideas, but she be'- caBie greatly impressed with the keen intel ligence and determined words of the voung bomb thrower. It wil] be remembered that allowed to defend his deeds and doctrines in a speech that is perhaps the clearest ex position of anarchy yet given to the world. It was especially the savage intenseness of this speech which seemed to burn into the brain of MiBs X ? . In the impossibility his presence nevermore quitted her thoughts. It was a case of what demonologists call ' obsession.' The first distinct ' telepatic' phenomenon (this what Dr. S ? chooses to call it) moment whpn Emile Henry's head fell under the knife of the guillotine. Hiss X— was in bed and asleep. She could scarcely the members of the Press hid been informed of it onl\ after midnight. She awoke sud denly, and believid the saw in the mirror hanging opposite her bed the Bevered head Some time afterwards Dr. K ? cast her tomed to do. In this state, to his great surprise, she was no longer docile to his own suggestions, but imagined herself Emile Hcnrv in person. She began, in clear words and with a feverish eloquence like lhat of Henry himself, to explain his ideas about Dr. N ? , who is nothing, if not daring, at once conceived a plan of putting himBelf in communication with the spirit of Emile Henry through Miss X ? , whom he be lieved to be a meilium wonderfully ready to his hand. He resolved to model his first experiments on the lines of the famous triptveh, ' Sensations of a Guillotined Head,' by the mad painter Wiertz, of Brussels. A groat lady of Paris, who iB much preoccupied with occult phenomena, lent her xilon for the occasion. A dozen guests were invited to be the witnesses^ all sceptics but persons of known good faith and willing to jo Ige impartially. All these agree in what they actually saw and heard without pronouncing oa the cause of the phenomena. It wai late Saturday night, or rather early Sunday morning. Ihe doctor tad unuenal difficulty with bis magnetic puses, and it was only towards 2S0 o clock, when the spectators were already well-nigh dis couraged, lhat Miss X ? at last seemed to fall into a deep sleep. Dr. N ? 'then touched her forehead and her eyes suddenly opened. The witnesses were shocked at the change wrought in her features, r Their usual sweet expression bad given place to something harsh and masculine, her natu rally bright, blue eyes had become lustreless, while her lips had comulctelr lost their color and were trembling. Dr.N ? began his questioning. ' Henry, is it you ?' The trembling HpB seemed unable to form ' I am not here. Your question is absurd. I am not in a place. 1 act on tbe person ' You are really Emile Henry 1' ' 1 urn obliged to answer yes, although this answer iB not exact.' 11 Is that which ia acting on Miss X ? Bt this moment vour soul separated from your body- 7' After a long silence the answer came : ' I am going to try to explain. There is ? soul ' as there is electricity. A part of this element is set in motion during the first moments of the formation of the human duccd by certain combinations metallic or ' Do you mean to sav that, after death*. that which was the soul of a man returns to the general mass of what you call an ' No, for that portion of the element haa been personalised for ever.' 11 Do you see what is passing on earth 7' *' No more than when on earth 1 b&W; what was passing in what you call the world of spirits.' ' By what phenomenon nas your per- ? serialised sonl substituted iUelf for that o£ MisB X ? ?' ' H is not a substitution. Among you there are double bouIh and tiiple son la. Certain acts of yours, which seem inexplic able to yourselves, are the work of souls superposed to your own.' Here the voice grew verv weak 'Ksplain .lourself belttr ' 'It is impossible for me.' ?? Why ?'.' ' Because there are things which I con ceive and which your ordinary and even your scientific language is powerless to ' Do yon remember what happened dur ' My life appears to me whole and entire, absolutely after the lashion of one general 'Will you tell us what you experienced .it the moment of your execution t'f 'Already, on the eve, the thought of dy ing for my opinions caused me a kind of fierce pleasure. If I seemed afraid it wm because of a dream I was having at the 1 moment they came to wake me ' I ' Will you teU us what the dream waB?' I ' Do not ask me again, or I shall cease I replying to any of your questions.' I ' Ib death by decapitation painful f' I 'No death iB painful and I no longer . I understand how mankind discusBes such I questions.' ] 'What happens when material life has I ceased V j 11 Another life begins, but one which 1 words intelligible to jou could not describe 1 exactly.' ] 'Are yon wiser than you were durine 1 your life !' ^ 1 ' I have a multitude of notions which were then strange to me, but which many living men might have if they meditated more deeply and abstracted themselves more completely from what surronnds 1 ' What do yon think now of the doetrineB which you profesBed during your life I' ' Do you repent of what you did 1' ' There is no more repentance possible j after death, because there is no more free will. I know that I acted contrary to the enrfs of my creation, but I cannot even desire to have acted otherwise.' I 'You were an atheist while alive. Are ' What I denied was the symbol or image 1 of the ? act ' perpetual, eternal, and con ' It is a definition of God you intend giv ' It is what you call God. Ask me no more — the vibrations ar« about to ceass.' ' What do j-ou call vibratinna 7' The feature of Miss X ? now changed back and the doctor made haste to awaken her by a few quick passes. AU at once ehe sat straight np in her chair. Dr. N ? led her away to a neighboring room, and the j company dispersed. j The account here given U an exact report j of the questions and answers of this ' inter- j view ' from beyond the tomb. It only re mains to point out that some of the thoughts expressed, such as the impossibility of re pentance or any exercise of free will after death, correspond with the teachings of Catholic theology, while the idea of soul as an element is not unlike the teachings of the French physiologist, Claude Bernard. The nature of God as an eternal act and of the soul as not being in a place, although derived from theology, were common specu- I lations of Dr. Cbarcot when explaining re- ! markable instances of knowledge in his : patients. i 