THE SHARFHOLDERS MEETING. At the timo appointed for tho coin- niencouiont of tho meeting there wore .oight reporters nnd ton shareholders presout, Mr Ducker (liquidator, «hd Mr Riugsll (solicitor), mukino up an audi- once cf twelve, A.few more straggled iu, ftnd .. t>y tho timo tho proceedings started (ten minutes past the hour) there was a total attendance— reckoning press, public and officials— of twenty-nino persons. Sir Ducker look tho chair, and rend the formal notice calling tbo meeting. In submitting tho report ho said tho moetiug was called by tbo liquidators to enable thorn to givo au account of their stewardship under voluntary liquidation. The liquidators wero supposed to held » mooting cvory twelve mouths. This bank was being liquidated under the supervision of tho Court, and thcreforo they wero not exactly bound by that rule. But they thought it to bu thsir duty froui timo to timo to meet tbe share holders anil depositors, and to inform them how tho liquidation was going oil 111 sccordnuco with this idea, the report bad been issued, and it was, ho thought, as full n report as wni usual iu such cases, and it was n fair report, too, in respect to tho liquidation of tho bunk, Tho roport started with tho lU;h of February, 1SD2, when tho lust half- yearly mooting of tho bank was held. At that meeting a balance- 'sheet was submitted, which showed an amount of cash ami coin nt bankers of L237,OOU ; and by tho samo balance shcot it was stated that tiic gross profits ol tho bank wero L74.000, after pro viding for bad ami duublful debts. That balance- sheet wan submitted to tho mcntingholri on tho 19th February, and within fourteen days front that meeting tho bank suspended payment. With regard to tho cash nnd coin in tho hslance- chcot lie had maintained that it was wrong. Mr T. Smith : This matter has been fully rctitihitod in thu Courts. R is tin good hunting up thu ghosts of departed glories. "What i» tho tiso of going through thu history of the Mercantile Hank. \Yu havo lost our money, nud nro quito satisfied to put up with it ns far hh possible. Lot tho past bo buriod. Tho Chairmin raid ho was quite pre. pared to udopt this courso if tho mcetuig iu desired, ilo thought it was Ins bust- ness to give this information, lie then proceeded to'rofcr to the npjiointmont of tho liquidator.. Sir Graham Burry, and Messrs MilUdco and Ainslie. Sittco his appuintmont ss liqmditor ho nud his co-liquidator. Mr Ainslie, had mod their bast efforts to curry on thoir duties, and they would rontinuo to do tho snino in the future. Ho moved that the roport ho Mr J. C. Park said ho observed thnttho nxponscs of tho liquidation wore, from March, 1892, to ."1st December, 1893, L7142. Wnsthosamo exuenso going on during 1894? Mr Ducker : Tho expenses nro being reduced from timo to time. Mr Park: Aiotho liquidators drawing thc-stmo a thoy were drawing at the time thoy wnro appointed ? Mr Ducker : They arc drawing just tho samn ns when tlioy were appointed. Tho liquidators hnvo been ondenvoring tokcrp down tho expends. I don't think wo could work with a smaller staff than wo hive now. Thcso expenses cover nearly two yeirs, nnd if you will consider it. and remember tho vxpenscs connected with the liquidators, you will say that tho expenses are not unreasonable. The Chairman thru put the motion that the report bo received, and it was carried unanimously. Tho Chairman: That is all tho busi ness, gentlemen. Mr bmitU : Don't you intend to adopt the report ? The Chairman ; No ; it is not neces sary. Mr Smith : Then you should havo told tho meeting so. lie would like to know what the liquidator were going to receive in futuro. Another matter bu would liko to refer to was tho fact that the special committee which had bten np poin%d to inquire into tbo afiktr of tho bank had never received any payment for their services. Their services should bo recognised. Ilo would raovu that tho three gentlemen forming tho .special committee should bo remu nerated to tiio extent of L100 between them. Tho Chairman said Jio was ono of tbo committeo. but he would not accept auy payment for bis services. Mr Smith said if no ono wntild sccoud thu motion thu matter fell through. Mr George Godfrey said thu policy passed by thu liquidators had not been beneficial to tbo shareholders. The Chairman : Who do you represent? Mr Godfrey : 1 hold a poworof attorney from Mr Hinchcliff. Tho Chairman : Very well. Mr Godfrey proceeded to say that the liquidators should not have nursed tiio properties so long. ilo ventured to say that a most suicidal policy bad been pursued in tbe nursing of properties, and it bad also had tiio effect of lengthening tho liquidation. The psst year had been a regular bootu for liquidators. In almost ull tho liquidations thu samo policy had boon nur.-uud. Thoy should have realised tho ucst prices they could, nud then they would havo been 'able to circulate tho results of thu 6a! pk among tho depositors. Ilo did uob doubt that tho policy had not been pursued for any personal icasons. But nt the rame timo it did extend tbo work of liquidation which was a wry unfortunate thing tor tho creditors of tho company Tho total expenses of liquidation had been LIIS.OOO. Uo felt that tho salurics of the liquidators might to bo reduced, (Applause.) Bemotiilering how things iutd changed, lie thought that LfiOO pur annum was quite enough. In so large a concern ns tho Federal Bank, the Court had fixed the remuneration of tho liquidator nt Ll.'OO for tho first year. He folk that now tho timo had cumo when some motivn ought to bo moved m fnvnr of reducing the foes of the liquidators. He had thought it would bo well to appoint a con-rnitteo tocontar with tho liquidators ns to tho disposition of properties. Ho would havo bffii ready to do that, but ho noticed shareholders enmo to the meet ing brokoit spirited and broken hcnrtotl. —(no, no)— and with a senso of despair prepared to submit to everything that was proposed to them. As to tho meetings iM'iug railed nt tiio option of tho liquida tor, that was not so , tho liquidation was voluntary, and tho liquidatorswero bound to call mcolings, Sir Ducker said tbo liquidators would have called a meeting earlier except' that the court decided that it whh undesirable that a meeting should be held vrbilo legal proceeding wero ponding. (Hear, hear), l'ho remuneration of tho liquidator could not bo legally discussed at the mouting. a Mr Pnrk pointed out that tho super- vision of tho Court had not taken away their power of disposing of their own property. Ilo thought the meeting was perfectly entitled to rcdtico tho remunera tion of tho liquidators if thoy choose, Mr pucker said that being under tho nuporvision of the Court, thoy wero undor thu orders of tho Court. flo had dune his best for tho work of liquidation, He bad been in bis office from nin« in tho morning till feu nt night. Ilo had hud LlOU) a year for tho work, but if ho lmd been engaged in bis own business ho would havo earned douhlo that amount. If, however, they cjuld got thu work tlotto better and chonpor, they could roliavo hitn of tho work, which had taken him a great deal of time, nnd given great trouble. Mr P.tvk said he was not finding .fault with thu liquidators, no only pointed out that tho shareholder had tho pdwor to deal with their own affairs. It was a voluntary liquidation, only it was carried on under tho supervision of the Court. Still ir was not a compulsory liquidation. (Hear, hear.) Mr Godfrey wanted to know .why tho volunlUn cf properties in Molbourno wan mixed up with tho law costs— was thoro rmy reason for thnt ? Mr Ducker : Nu particular ro.uon. Mr Godfrey: There is no connection between ibom. Mr Ducker said that of the amount put down to valuations of properties and law costs— 1.1303— between two and thrso hen lrcd pounds were paid for the valua tions. Tho rest of tho item was law At this atogo Mr Smith anid ho had found a seconder for hit motion that the special committeo bo remunerated. Mr Abrahams then seconded tho motion. The Chairmnn raid if the motion wero passed they would havo to consult their solicitors to sto if ihcv could legally pay this innnevN The motion was carried, a few hands being field up against it. Thu meeting then terminated. 