ST0RT PAGE. itOTT tiest ruiiusncu. A Country Sweetheart axt uueexsuxd nioirrs reserved. CHAPTER XXXV. SfAtmaaa? Ware's Giiost. , r jit DORA RUSSELL, Aornou ok "Footprints in tlio Snow," " The Erokon Seal," " Tiio Traok of the Storm," "'file Vicar's Governess," "The Lust Signal," " His "Will unci Ilers," &u.; ' And during this time also, Miss Kath- lleen Weir had folt very much disop- \- pointed that she had neither stwu nor heard auvthine of Mr. .liulnh "Webster. That is she only received two brief notes from him, Loth doclining her invitations to ' a merry supper after the play to meet Linda Falceuor, us you admired her bo much — and her swain, Dereham.' But Webster, with the ever- present memory of that despairing face on tho bridge, and the constant, anxiety for the unhappy girl lying in St. Philip's Hos pital, nigh unto death, had folt it was impossible) for him to encounter the gay and lively sallies of the actress, Hot that ho had lost interest in tho woman who . stood between poor May and happiness, ihut his mind was too much out of tune to ; go into such vivuoious company, and lie, therefore, had refused Mies Weir's in vitations. But nearly three weeks ni'ter he had .taken May Churchill to St. Philip's a 'change eaino over hor condition. Her physical health decidedly improved, and one morning when Dr. Brentwood was : paying his usual visit to her, she spoke to 'him of her future life. ' I am going to live now, doctor, am I Dot ?' she tmid in a low, pained tunc. ' Certainly you aro going to live,' re plied the doctor, '1 hope for many years; until you are quite old,' and ho smiled. ' That will be a long time,' said May, with a weary aigh ; ' I am not much past twenty now — a long, long titne.' ' It scums long to look forward to, but timo passes quickly enough, especially when it is frilly employed.' ' l't is about this' that J meant to speuk to you of, Doctor,' continued May, and a faint colour stolo to hor pale cheeks. ' If I am going to live I must do something to gain my own living; I must find some employment.' ' Everyone is better employed, ' answered the Doctor, cheerfully : it's good for mind and body aliitc. How what do yon think you would like to do ? ' ' Since I. have felt a little better I liavo thought of this constantly. I. — I should like to see Mr. "Webster about it, us ho might bo able to help me.' ' I am suro ho will do anything to help you; he is your sincere friend, unci has' Leon most anxious about ycu during your ilinosB, and lias called each morning to inquire for you. Therefore you may depend on his assistance, 1 am certain, and I may add on mine.' ' You aro very good ' 4 And now I am going to ask you a question which is not a medical one.,' interrupted the doctor, ' and tbevefore you need not answer it unless you "like. But bavo you no friends, no relations, to tvbom you can now apply V ' None ! ' answered May, with sudden emotion ; ' 1 wish to bo as one dead to everyone I know — they must think me dead, and I would have been, but for———' ' Forgive mo for having pained you, and I will promise never again to allude to tho subject. So you would like to seo Ralph Webster? Well, you shall see him to-morrow, and I am truly glad to find you so much bettor.' And then he amiled kindly and wont awuy. He felt interested in this forlorn and broken-hearted young woman, who he /Was suro his friend "Webster had saved from some tragic late ; and not tho least interested on account of May's fair face. He, therefore, wote to Webster during the day, and told him of the improvement in May's health, and also of her wish to find some employment. Don't throw cold water on this, my dear fellow,' he added ; ' it will bo the very best thing possible for hor, and will give her an interest in life which sho has well nigh lost. Can you call to-morrow afternoon ? ' And so forth. Dr. Brontwood'a lotter was a great teliefto Webstor'e miud, and ho reor-ivod another by tho sume post from Miss Kath leen Weir. This was a highly charac teristic epistle. 'Dear Mr. Webster,— Tor tbo third and last time, unless vou come, will yon take supper with me" this evening, or if it suits you hotter, will you call in the afternoon? "Wire which. — Tours, ever , nincerely, Kathleen Weib,' Webster read this note with a smile, thonoht it over, and then deoided to cull during the afternoon, and he accordingly telegraphed to Miss Kathleen Weir to tout effect. And as ho drove to the actress's bo was wonderiug if sho had any news to tell bim, and ho found that she had Borne. She received him in her usual airy fashion, and she was oharmingly dressed 5n a most becoming ten gown. _ 4 Well, you havo come nt last ?' she jeaid, holding out hor lured, as Webster entered hor drawing-room. ' Tea,' he answered, taking it, 4 and I whould have come before, but I have been ta good deal worried of late.' 4 About monoy or lovo ?' -I - 'About neither, us it happens.' ' I thought there were only two thingB worried men, and tho want of monoy was tho worst. Well, .wo must all have it ; . but I have been/ more than, worried, I have boon upset ; I havo seen a ghost;' 4 A ghost ?' . Yes, the ghost of a dead lore! There, can you guess what I mean? Well, I suppose not, so I must tell you. Bat I have really been shocked. I. bavo eaen John Temple in the flesh though looking so awfally ill that he was muoh more like . a dead man than a living one.' ' When did you see him?' asked Web ster quiokly. -m . 4 Twill tell you; yesterday morning: I . droyo down to see Mr. Harrison, the solicitor, us I wanted to bo quite certain whether John Temple" is tho mun who has come into the fortune, as Dorohum was so positive that ho was. . Well, you know Harrison's offices are at Westminster, and I saw the old" boy., suro enough, but he was us sly "as a fox. He did not dotty that John Templo was the man ''that 'ulti mately, mind ultimately, my dear madum," ho kept ropoating, would suc ceed to his uncle's estato, or estates. " But his position at present is un changed," and he threw ieoou my sug gestion that I should have an increased allowance, "When Mr. John Temple succeeds to the property the questions can then he mooted," and so on. In fact I got no satisfaction for mv trouble, and when I camo out of the office in a very bad humour I told tho cabman to drive oyer' Westminster bridge and back again, as 1 thought tho river air might improve ray temper.' 'And you wont?' asked Webster, eagerly. 'I went; I was in a hansom, and when we got to the othor end of tbo bridge I told tho man to turn back. Ho did so, and there v/as a block as we recrossed, and I was bending out of the cab to see what was going, to happen, when my eyes fell on the figure of a man leaning on the parapet of tbo bridge, and storing into the river bolow. As I was looking at bim, he lifted his head and looked round, and I saw a ghost ! Tho ghost of John Temple ! Bat, oh, so horribly changed. He looked haggard, worn, and old, and a sort of pity — such fools are women — crept into my heart as I looked at bim. I folt sorry for him ; I thonght be must be in some terrible trouble, and so I felt I should like to speuk to bim. 1 pulled out my hHudkerehiof and waved it to attract his attontion, and some one told him of this, for he looked quiokly up at tho cab, and our eyes met. I wish you had seen the look of horror that camo over his foee, of shuddering horror, as he recognised me. It was hatred ! He glared at me just for a moment, and then turned and fled as if the devil himself were aftor him. There, what do you think of that ? The ond of a dead love !' 'I think it is very dramatic,' said Ralph WebBter, Blowly.' He forced him self to speak the common-place words, but he was not thinking voumon-place thonsrhts. 'Now, there was something in this man's face,' went on tho aotress, ' that told me a story. John Temple is grieving about something Shut has cut his heart strings. It can't be money in his ease, because for one thing ho never cared very much about it, and for another ho will ultimately, as Mr. Harrison described it, succeed to hiG uncle's property, and with eucIi prospects lie could borrow as much as ho liked, 1 suppose. No, it is about some woman ! Ho was looking down into tliu dusky river when I first saw him ; can ho have driven some poor soul to seek for refugo in its gloomy dopths ?' Ralph Webster inwardly shuddered, but Kathleen "Weir little thought how nearly she had touched tho truth. ' Ho is miserable about some woman,' sho repeated, ' and that i3 why I have sent for you to-day. I ani in the wny, I suppose, and I don't want to ho in tho vruy auy longer. I want to be :t'reo, and of course he does. Now, how cau I find out about his life, for if I could find out, I expect I could go triumphantly through tho ordeal of the divorce court ?' "Webster was Bilcnt for a few moments ; he was Lhiuking tho knowledge of John Temple's second marriage would not free him from his first. It would bring dis grace to him, but not liberty to her. ' You would havo to show a case against him besides this supposed woman,' he .said, sleivly. ' Did he over treat you cruelly ?' ' You mean did he over punch my head, | or pu.il my hair?' auswoved Kathleen, wil ii a hard little laugh. ' No, I cannot truthfully say ho ovor did ; bat I might say it untruthfully, and ho wonld he too glad to get rid of me to contradict me.' . ' But it would bo very dangerous ; you would havo to prove it.' ' At all events he forsook me ?' 'I thought you parted by mutual consent ?' ' How horrid you aro, Mi'. "Webster ! A t nil events I incap to get quit of him. I am weary of a tie which is no tie; of a bond which galls me, and I would do anything, even something desperate to break it.' Sire started to hor feet, and began walking up and down tho room as she spoke, swaying her tull, fine figure ivith a restless movement as sho did so. She was looking very handsomo ; hor uxcitc- inent had flushed her face and brightuued her bright eyc3, and involuntarily "Web ster admired her. 'There!' sho said presently, 'now I have told you ray u'oivs, so please round your sharp legal brains to help me. I don't mind about tho three hundred a year now, or tho ultimate reversion of some bigger sura. I want to bo free ! I don't want John Temple to cut his own throat or mino — and irpon my word ho looked as if ho could do it — but I want to scrape out of my marriage somo other way.' Well, lot mo have timo to think it over' ' Thanks, and now lot us drop a dis agreeable subject, and toll me what, you havo been doing with yourself all this long time? You look thinner; and you say you have been worried?' ' Yes ; wo all have worries and troubles you know, Miss Weir.' ' That is true ; but still I think life might bo bright, might be swcot and worth living for.' ' I am sure youra is.' ; ' ' Ob ! don't pay me those commonplaco oomplimonts; I don't want to hear them from yon.' 'You despise my bost efforts to ho agreeable.' ' What a disagreeable humour you aro in ! I declare I think I shall send you nwav.' ' Well, mustl go?' said Webster, rising with a smile. ' Not yot ; unless you will promise to come again vtrv soon. Come to suppor to meet Linda Falconer and Dereham the day after to-morrow.' 'I will- seo if l oan, if- you will. allow tho invitation to remain open. , Byrthe- by, how is that affair progrewing ?' Oh, swimmingly, I believe, but Linda is fearfully bond with him.' "My dear," ebe said to me the qther day, " ho is too silly." ' 'Poorboy!' . . . Poor boy, indeed ! However, that is' settled, and you will come tho day after to-morrow to suppor ? In the meantime, you kuoiv, dou'fc forget my ghost, and his probable misdoings.' 'Very well,', said Webster with—a laugh. Then he took leave of the actress, and Kathleen Weir was alone. As she hod done once beforo after he had left bor, she immediately went up to one of tho mirrors in tbo room and gazed at her own reflection in the glass. 'Am I so weak?' she thought. 'Do I actually like this man, perhaps bettor than he likes me ? But if I were free I think he would like mo — I must be free.' . to- jjb coxmijiib to-moceow. . 