[?] The Mission of Margaret. A STORY OF CHRISTMAS BY LARD AND SEA. By ADELINE SERGEANT, ' ' Author of " Jacobi's Wifo," " Under False Pretences," "Marjory's Mistake," &o.; AIL QUEENSLAND BIGHTS DESERVED.' II. — ( Continued .) In tho evoning- Mr. and Mrs. Forrior ontor- 'tainod the captain and officers of tlio Aurora, togothor with Mr. Paul Ashford, to us thorough-going an English dinner as could bo devised in the South Seas. They wore nil very "roomy - hnt tho shadow ot approaohrog doparturo lay upon thorn, and thcro wus a touoli of pathos in Bomo of tho lifctlo spocches of farewell that were mado, a hint of rogret for fbn tmnmtivcnoss of human joy. "i suppose," said the youngest lad present ' —a mero boy, to whom Margarot had spoken of his -mother and sisters at homo— "I sup pose," looking round ruefully, "it isn't likoly we shall over come hero again." 44 Oh, I" hopo you may,." said Mrs. Fcrrior, cheerfully. 4 ' Captain Roberts hopes to find na outugainon anothor voyugo." " It will novor ho the samp party again, exactly," sighed the hoy. Tho other laughed at his sentimental tono, and under cover of the laughter, Paul Ashford spoke in Mrs. Forrier's oar. "No, it will novor he tho samo. I shall not return for one." " Shall yon not? oh, I am sorry," sho said, sweetly— but not as if sho cared particularly, ho thought to himself. "Perhaps wo shall meet in England." " Nover— never, if I can help it," ho said, almost wildly. " It is 'too late to change our destiny — God holp ub all 1 " 4 4 Mr. Ashford, nro you ill P" said Margaret, with real alarm. His face was ghastly ; ho had risen to his foot, and stood clutching the tablo and swaying to and fro. " Been mixing his liquors a Httlo too freely," «aid some' ono in an unaer-tonc. "A touch of tho sun, I think," said Mr. Porrior, quietly. " Ah, fovor, perhaps. Como, Ashford, suppose you lio down for half an hour. I think you want a rest." "A rest?" oriod tho young man, evidently so longer master of himself. "Oh, yos, a ;ost in tho grave — to got out of sight of u Soppiness you don't appreciate — oh, fool that I »m ! What am I saying ! Help mo, Mor- garot — Margarot — holp mo— for I think I am going mad." . . Ho foil back insensihle, and was carried into anothor room, whilo Borne of his companions shrugged their shoulders a littlo at Mr. Forncr's ohnritahlo interpretation, of his wild -words and ways. But for once his companions wore wrong. Ashford had not boon ill-inking, but ho was Bunmnitton and in danger of his life. Before next morning lio was raving in wild delirium, and could not possibly bo removed from Mr. Ferrior's house. Tho enptain could wait no longer. Ho had already delayed his departure to tho utmost limit; and so it liupponcd that whon tho Aurora got up steam and moved away from tho happy island near whioli sho had liosn moored for seven days and nights, sho had lost her solitary passenger, and Paul Ashford remained under Mr. and Mrs. Forrier's enro. "We'll como hack for him," said tho enp tain, " hut I oxpcot wo shall only find his grave whon wo return." III. The captain was wrong in ono respect. Ho did come back to find a grave, but it was not the gravo of Paul Ashf ord. A month later that young man uwoko to consciousness, and wus amazed to fiud himself in tho thatched bungalow which tho Farriers called a pnrsonugo. Tho first face ho recog nised was that of Murgarot, bending over him with a smile of tondor congratulation. ' ' Why am I hero ?" ho murmured. 44 You lmvo been ill, hut you are better now. HoopstiU nnd try to sleep again." 4 'Has the ship gone ?' " Yes, it has gono, but it will como hack for you later." ' He wob satisfied, and slept with tho pence- fulness of a tired ohild. When ho nwoko again ho remembered that tho boat had gono without him, and was curiously delighted to think of himself as loft behind. In tho days and weeks of convalescence which followed, ho took a. tranquil pleasure in tho beauty of tho place, in the gentle grace of his hostess, tho gaiety of Maidie, and tlio honest uprightness nnd single ness of purpose characteristic of Audrcw Forrier himself. When Paul's mind was not diBtraotcd by jealousy, ho could judge very fairly of others. In tho languid stato in which ho lay, he was not cuergotic onough cither to love or hate very profoundly ; and ho came to talco n lazy pleasure in listening to tho Reverend Andrew's luoubrutionB, just ns ho listened, "with equal laziness, but in a more respectful spirit, to Margaret's gentler and loss diduotiu Margaret's words made tho greater imprca- -. ! tion upon him, bowover. As ho listened to her tnd thought over what sho said thcro como to \- him a vision of a hotter sort of life thuu that 1 tvhioh ho had led sinco ho lost tho hupo of winning her for his wifo. Ho begun to remem ber his old drenm of public activity and social usefulness : and whon sho asked lum about his estate in England, and tho condition of tho poor, and his viowB of polities and religion, ho gradually cnrno to feci that ho was a littlo ashnmed of himself. '! "It was always Margaret's way," ho said, ruofully. " Sho was novor happy without a mission to somobody. It is evident that sho hits now amission to ma. Sho has dono what she can for the island chief, and now sho tries her hand on u, jaded Londonor. Hoavon holp her to mako a good job of it ! I gavo myself up long ago." ' . . And thus tho weeks passed by until ho had grown ulmoBb strong again, and used to wulk every day with Maidie to tlio highcst'poiut of the island, watobing for a ship— a ship that did not oomo. "I thought it would liavo boon hack boforo now," Murgarot said, from timo to timo, with an anxiety whioli sho did not conceal. But still they watched, and still it did liot gome. One day, however, they saw otheii" vessels — of different size and Bhapo and kind from tho ono that they expected— upproaching tho shore. These wore onuoes, manned by litiio and dusky rowers, painted all manner of colours, and frightful to behold, with thoir huir dressed out '-inn mop, aiid their -liunds. olasping weapons taller; than themselves. "They landed before ' tho islanders liad' time to ropol them, although ' it was5 ovidont - that thoir appearance caused ' general alarm. Mr'. Fcrrior and tho ohiof held ' a solemn parloy with the onoiny, us ' they were generally thought to ho, mid it was hoped that by the bostowul of gifts nnd tho inter inango of compliments, any possible danger to tho island ind been avorted. For two days and nights .file stAtngors feasted on tlio seashore, ou tlio pigs and birds, fish and fruit, whioh hud boon brought for thoir acceptance, and it was hoped that they would speedily take their doparturo. But on tho third day, a hidden store of intoxi cating spirit had beon' discovered, and was' greedily consumed, with disastrous results. Tho Forriors had been up for two nights, in great anxiety of mind, for thoy know tho gontlo \- ' spirit of thoir islandors too woll to hopo for any great things in tho way of dofenoa and resist ance, should tho florco nowcomers raako any ! attack upon them. Now, however, not know-. . iug of the discovery of the spirits, und deeming the danger pnat, thoy hud gono pouoof ulljr to sleep, and -had recommended Paul to do tho same. But ho, being unused to tho life, and still, ' perhaps, nervous from tho oitcots .of his latoillnoss, remained uwuko for tho greater ' portion- of tho night, and had only just fallon into a dozo when lio was iivoused by a great blood-ourdlingory, and an alarming clash of " wood and steel. Ho sturtod up to find his \- room bright and the Bky red with the glure of S fire. Tho villsgowasin flames, and a body/of. nrmed-nativoa was breaking into tho clergy man'b bungalow. ; ' . . ' ' A ' dospornto resistanod followed! Paul and Mr. Pernor fought sido by side for tho safety of tlio woman 'and. child whoBo' livod wore so precious to both of them. Margaret was -not behind thorn in courage and constancy. For her child's sake she, too, helped in repelling tho attuok. Tho possession of firearms gave them an advantage of whioh they wore foroed to mako uso; and at last thoy had tho satis faction of sooing.the invadersrotiro discomfited. Tho lights in tho village diod out, the shouts and cries subsided into silenoo, and as tho morning broko in its unwonted splendour tho two Englishmen looked into cneli other's faces and know that they had won tho victory indeed, hut that it hud been hardly won.1 . Andrew Forrier hold out a hand that trembled a littlo to gmsn that of Paul Ashford. " Thank you, Ashford, ' ho said, simply. " You have helped mo to savo my wife and ohild." Then, in a lowor tone, "You will' have to help them still more, I think." He put his hnnatbhis side, and thon Paul saw for tho first time that ho had been wounded by an arrow. "It was, poisoned, " said Mr. Forrior, very quiotly, "Tlioro is no hope forme; but I shall lust for a day or two, Ashford, and he uhlo to put things in order. After that, you must tako care of Margaret and the ohild. V Paul stammered out some incoherent words of compassion and regret.. At that moment hp could foci nothing hut liking and rospcot for tlio bravo man ut whoso side ho hod been fighting. "Whon ho suid Bomothing about Mrs. Fcrrior tho husband smiled. "Sho knows," ho said. "She has gono away to put my room ready for me — tho room where I shall lio down and die. There is nothing to ho done, Ashford, she knows that as well us I do. Tho poison with whioh tho native nrrows uvo tipped is very deadly. God bless you, my dear fellow. You will look uf tor them when lam gono." Paul helped him to his room, where he soon lapsed into stupor and delirium. Margaret was perfectly calm ; pale, indeed, but resigned, with that beautiful resignation whioh seemed to ho hor distinguishing quality. When the sun had fully risen Asliford vontnrcd out of tlio compound and reconnoitred tho onemy. Thoy wore hurriedly departing in thoir oanoos, having found tho firearms of tho white , men too alarming to be encountered any longor. But tho liuvoo whioh thoy had wrought was vory ovidont. Most of tho huts of the village' wore destroyed and many of tho mon were dead, and some of tho women and children lmd been carried away. A more handful of the villagers remained behind, imd they filled tho air with thoir wailing over tho dead. What lmd been a soono of beauty and joy had been turned into desolation. Paul had but sorry nows to curry buck to tho dying pastor and his wifo. There followed a fow duys to whioh Paul Ashford could never look hack without a shudder. Andrew Forrior suffered greatly, and it was mnddoning to a man like Ashford; accustomed to tho command of every resource of science and art, to see his agonies, nnd to know that they could not ho alleviated ; nnd that — worst of all— ho himself could do nothing to alleviate them. Ho entirely lost his ola fooling of jealousy and contempt for tho man who had won Margarot away from him. Apd his feeling for Murgarot herself was trans formed into a spiritualised kind of rovoronce whioh ho lind novor felt for any woman sinoo his motlior died. Hor anxioty, - her lovo, her grief, set lior upart from him as if she like- wiso were dead and a saint in tho Heaven of God. Andrew Forrier diod in a week, and was buried in a littlo Christian graveyard, where so many now graves had been dug sinco tho inva sion of tho iiercn and savage tribe from the neighbouring island. Comparatively fow persons wore loft, and it was not long before a pestilence swopt over tho place and attacked tho groator number of those who remained.' Thoro could not bo a more complete ohango than that whioh took plaoo in tho island during those fow weeks. Before Easter it wus almost depopulated. Scarcely a dozen families were loft, arid these removed thoir huts to tho vory shadow of tho parsonage, so that thoy livod close to " their mother," as Margaret was nnivorsally called, and oIobo to Paul Ashford, whom they looked on as a tower of strength. Then great stormB gathered and swopt tho seas ugainst tlio burner reef, until tho surf sounded like thund'or, and tho wlud howled over tlio island liko a presago of doom. And Murgarot, looking out to sea, said calmly, " No vessel will eomo ugaiu this year." She was very pule, vory quiot, in those days of calamity, going about amongst tho poor people with gontlo words of hope and cheer, attending to her household duties, teaching hor littlo girl just as she lmd dono when her husband was nlivo. There was a look in hor face sometimes us of ono who had lost something which she could not find ; but sho did not speak of hor grief, and oven Paul, who watched her anxiously, could not discover what was hor feeling with respect to her hus band's death. IIo did not greatly holiove in licr lovo for him, and yot ho could not but seo that sho wus sorrowful. And so tho year went by. IV. It was Christmas Hay on tho island. There wore no formal services in tho little half-ruined ohuroli new that tho olergyman was dead ; but Margaret and her little flook still met thoro and knelt together from time to timp,_ whilo Paul, much abashed by his new position, road prayers and lessons with rather norvous rapidity. Wlion ho refieotcd upon his situation, ho acknowledged to himself that it could not well ho odder. Tho islanders had accepted him as their natural ohiof and head ; they consulted hira on all matters — agricultural, military, und religious; he who had bean too lunguid to decide any question for bimsolf, had now to dceido half a dozori in tho day for tlio littlo community growing up around him. Margarot sometimes looked at liim with a half- stnrtlod interest. His way of looking at things was larger and kooner, Bho vaguely folt, than bor husband's way ; and alio had an occasional glimpso of worlds of thought and focling whioh sho had novor reuliscd. Perhaps sho sometimes felt us if, iu.lior roc-oil from mero frivolity, sho lmd run a why from a great deal that was well worth knowing and seeing in tho world which she hud loft. But it wits. Christmas Hay, and she put such thoughts uwny from hor. Sho wont with hor littlo daughtor to lay a oross of ilowors on Andrew Ferrior's gravo ; und it was whilo sho sut hesido it looking tenderly though tcurlessly ut tlio fiowar-covercd mound, that Paul Asliford- leaped tlio wall of tho ohurohyard and camo towards hor with words, whioh startled her exceedingly. ' "There is a ship in sight," ho said. "We havo signalled it, and it is coming. An English ship — perhaps tho Aurora liorsolf." ' "On Christians Hay!" said Margaret, dreamily. Sho rose, but looked still at tho grave at hor font. "IVohavo boon oxpooting it so long, ' ' said Paul, trying to Bubdiio tho oxoitbmbnt whioh he felt, " that it seems strange at last," 44 Vory strango. You say it is coming — " notuully coming?" ' 4 It will not ho here for a oouplo of hours, I think," Baid Paul. "But wo shall do well to borondy." Sho shot a quiak glanco at lum. " Beady, ' ' sho suid, "for what?" ' It aeomcd to hor as if ho wero about to'mnke n. vehement unawor, but suddenly restrained himsolf. "Muidio," ho said, "run up to the house and gather somo flowers, , will yoU not ? I want to speak to your mothor. I must speak to you," ho added, in a lowor tone, " forglvo me for sending -hor away. Will' you walk a' littlo way with mop There is samothing that must he said before that ship arrives." She gluncod at hor husband's gravo as if sho thought that it formed a protection for hor weakness, and that Paul wished to drag her away from it. Perhaps ho' did. Perhaps ho felt that what ho was about to say could not woll be uttered at Andrew Ferrior's grave. Thoy walked across a stretoli of smooth sword dotted by flowering trees, that bordered the ohurohyard ; and whon thoy cumo in sight of tho wido bluo sou, flocked only by tho hull and fuuncl of tho rapidly Hearing ship— a blot of darkness on. tho brilliantly glanoing waves— Puul Ashford spoke. Forgive my haste, " ho said, gently, " hut hnvoyou thought of what the arrival of this English stoumcr may meau to you t" " YaSi'.she said/quietly. '.' It means that you will go away, and that I. and Maidio .will be loft hore alone.'! : Heaven' forbid." he broke; forth', 'in indig nant expostulation? " Howorin you imugino suoh a thing ! Loavo you hbro alone 1" " Yes, of course. ' You will-go to Sydney, or to England, or wherever tho vossol may bo bound for, and as soon as possiblo you will got another missionary to come out to those po.or people. My husband left them in' trust to me, and I shall hot leavo them until I soo them handed over to somo ono clso's oaro. Thon. I shall ho freo to toko Maidio home, oven"— with a little hesitation—' " oven if I como hack afterwords.',' ... .,"You would liko to como haok?" ho said. "All, yes, I Bhould indeed. My poor pooplo hore— thcro is 110 one liko thorn. .1 shall novor love any place as I lovo tho island." 44 I love it, too," said Paul, not very steadily ; " and I should like to make it possiblo for you to look upon it as your home. - 1 could do it if you .would let mo. Margaret, will you let me speak?" "I dp not know what you mean, . Paul," she' answered, "but I am .sure that you will hot say what it would bo painful for mo to .hear." ' , , " It need not ho puinful," ho said, earnestly. "For whether you say yes or no to my plan; I shall,' he sure that you are wise and right. Only do not ho offohded by what I am going to say. I have no.motive but my rtspoot and regard for you arid for your happiness, which is dearer to me than my own. May I go on ?" . She hesitated, with a. deepening colour in her ohcok. Then she said — " Yesj goon!" "lama rich man, Margarot, as yon know. I liavo no . near relations living— no ono who has tho ghost of a olaim on mo. I have scarcely known what a homo and happiness meant until within tho last few months. I bblieve that it would bo perfeotly easy for ino to become tho master, tlio virtunl owner of this little island, if I chose; at any rate, of tho' greater portion of it. I should liko to settle here ; build a house, rebuild the uhuroh; dofond and assist these island people — make a settlement, in fuat, which might become a pattern and example to other English colonists m this part of the world. IVhdt would you think of this, Margarot?" " It seoms a beautiful idea," she said. " Hoes it seom so to you ? But I could not do it without your holp, Margarot. Tho thing would bo feasible only if you would stay." She looked at him with troubled eyes. He' caught her by tho hand. " If you will stay," ho said, "and ho my wifo — think — think — what wo could do I" "Oh, Paul !" sho exclaimed, drawing away her hand, " how can you ask mo suoh a thing ? How con you forget ?" "I do not forget," ho Baid, vehemently. ." I remomber everything. . I romemhpr that your husband comriuttcd you to my yiiro. This Is tho only way in whioh I can toko cure of you.'.' "I must think," sho snid, beginning to tremble a little, as he had novor seen hor do boforo. His heart loaped up at tho augury. He and ho only bad the power to move hor in this way. He did not belicva that sho had ever trembled at Andrew Ferrier's words of lovo. " I.cannot answor you- at onco," she went on. " It is too soon — too soon. I do not think I can over — but why did yon speak tomo to-day?" Because) that English Bhip is coming nearer ovory minute, and wo must dceido before it comes." " Why ?" she said, with wide-open eyes. "Because, dear, we must do ono of two thirig8. If you refuse mo, ono of us must go away by that vessel. Wo could not remain on tho island together whon wo havo. had tho ohanco of going away. Or else— if wo stay — we could he married at onoo by tho ohuplain, if thore is one, or by tho captain of tlio ship. In our oiroumstanoes that would bo quito al lowable." " Oh, that would bo impossible — quito im possible," sho said, starting. " It would bo tho bost way of all, Margarot. And you know, dear, I have loved you for so long." "Iiong? " she said, in a bowildcred tono. "Iiong boforo you mot Audrow Forrier, Margarot. I havo always loved you, and tho loss of you wus liko a blight upon ray life. I have cared for nothing sinco. Cun you not .make me a little happy.now.? " "Wait," she said, breathlessly; " vviiit ! let ino think ! Give me an hour— half an-liour— I must he alone a littlo whilo to think and pray." "Pray for me, Margaret, as woll ns for yourself," ho murmured, as ha bent to Mas her hand. Then ho stood erect and looked ot hor. " I will leave you hero for three-quarters of an hour," ho said. "Wo oan hardly spare more time. Can you give mo any answer thon ?" She bowed hor head. Ho kept out of hor sight for tho forty-fivo minutes whioh he had allowed hor. It seemed an otornity to him. Ho walked restlessly about tho beach, avoiding the questions of tho eager islanders, who were all gathered on tho shore to watch tho English ship. His heart beut wildly whon ho returned to tho plaoo where ho had left hor. But ut tho first sight of hcrfaco, it fell. Sho was very pale, very tranquil, and, as he felt, very resolved. Ho stopped at two paces from her, and looked at hor beseechingly. Ho did not dare to speak. " I have thought," she said, "and I think I havo seen tho truth. It must not be." "Why not? Ah, Margarot, do not bo cruel!" he oriod. " I am not oruel," sho said, steadily, ".but it seems to mo that your plan is not tho right one — for you. When 1 camo hero. I thought it my vocation — my mission — to tench and train these poor islanders, and so, perhaps, it was — hut it is not yours. ' " What is mine ? " " Yours is vory plain," said Murgarot, turn ing hor shining eyes upon liim. "You may have no relations in England, hut you have plenty of tics. You are a landowner; you havo tenants and workpcoplo and servants under you. Go homo and look after them ; thoy need you more than those iBland people in the South Seas. You are not "'called upon to como hore." ' Paul laughed rather soornfully. "My tustos do not enter into the matter, I eee." For onoe he eaw her eyes blazo. Sho turned upon him scornfully. " Your tastes !" sho said. "Why should they matter, whon peoplo are dying every day, ns you yoursolf havo told mo, of poverty aud ignorance nnd disease m your great English citioa,' und in your villages alike P Tastes! What reason havo you — or I — to think of our toBtes ? Ho jrou think that it was to plcaso my testes that I gavo up my life nthomc, and the delights of art and musio and literature, of friends and the pleasures of sooloty and all that makos life worth livirig in tho civilised world, in order to como out here and teaoh those poor people of mine how to servo God and them selves ? It wus ns littlo to my tastes— although I counted it a right and boautiful thing to do — to eomo hero, as it is to yours to gq und do your duty in your own homo in Bnglund. Our missions— suoh as thoy are— are not alike." Sho turned away from liim with a haughty, imperial gesture, which vividly rooullod to him the days nnd nights of hor social triumphs in London drawing-rooms, whon she hud been not only graoious but Bometimos mnjestio in hor groat and wonderful boiluty. Tlio softness and sweetness of lator years seomed suddonlv to have dosortcd hor. Paul looked and listonod, thunderstruck, porhaps oven a little moved to awe ; but ho had not a word to say. His vory silonee impelled her to turn buok and offer him hoi- hand. ' . " Forgivo me," she Baid, with eyes shining through thoir tears. "I did not mean to spook so harshly, so proudly. You know 'that! do consider my work worth doing, in spito of what- 1 may have said about 'my frivolous, pitiful taste. But our paths tiro not aliko. It is not your work to stay hore ; it is your work to go back to England and look after your people, as I look after mirio; Your mission is in England, mino— ndno is hore." ' Paid had turned very white. It seemed to him that it was almost worso to he rojooted bo- causo sho wanted to do some quixotio pieoo of work, than simply because she did uotlove him. Ho spoke with a sharp ring of suffering in his voico. "If you cared for mo, you would not send me away like tjis," ho suid. Ho nover forgot tho faoo she turned towards hiin — a faoo transfigured by u love and pity that was half divino. "Oh,- yes, I woul«I> would," sho cried. " Because — I care." - " Arid , then she dropped her face botweon her; hands ; hut .ho' was.-. too. arigiy to dream , of what she really mount; : "I'wdVffOi-''li riiid, trying to Bp, oak calmly. "I will go bnok' to England at your bidding; I will do iwhat you teu - 'mp-hut I shall never forgot. . Arid If -ever you want mo, I wlll cdmo. Bat I will riot como to you again unless, you- want me, unless you send for mo." ; "And that ! shall novor do," Margaret answered. Ho turned and loft hor without another word. Tho boat from 'tho English ship was already on tho benoh ; nnd tho voico of Captain Roberts of tb'o Aurora shouted a. greeting to him as ho stood along towards the bungalow. Paul joined him, and briefly rcoouuted tho story of tho past fow months ; then; wont to his room to pack his portmanteau. And in tho meantime, Murgarot stood motionless, with hor eyes filling with teiufs. whioh presently mado > their way unheeded down her fair palo oheoks. "Ho should not havo asked mo!" sho murmured to herself. " He ought to havo known.- Aud now I shull bo loft quito nlono —alone— with Muidio. But I hnvo my work— at any rate, I havo my work!" V. ' "Christmas oyo !" Paul Ashford muttered to himsolf, two years later, as ho pulled a fur collar up round his ears und bogan to tramp the deck of tho steamer running hotwoon Bioppe and Folkestone, "l havo spoilt many an odd Christmas eve most certainly, hut seldom ono that seems likely in ho more disagreeable than this." T'hodcok was sloppy, tho wind cold and raw. As hn walked he fell to thinking of his Christ mas Bays iu his pust, two days of glowing sunshine, days spent in tho midst of tho most perfeot natural boaifty ; hut onco marred for liim by phjsioal pain, and onoo by motital' grief and bitter disappointment. Tlio conditions woro now to some oxtcnt reversed. Ho was well, vigorous in health and manly in resolve ; and perhaps ho might ho called, contented with his lot. Ho wus at loast willing to aulmow - ledgo- that Margaret Forrier hud boon right whon sho told him that his work lay in his own homo. But he had not forgotten her. In spite of tho anger which lie liad at first folt at licr dis missal of him, ho was deeply influenced by tho knowledge of her opinion as to his p-orlc in tlio world. Ho had gone home und done what lio thought sho would wish him to do; but every now und then his heart hud flown with a wild longing to tho island hi theso southora seas where Tie imagined hor as living still. Ho hud not heard u word of her from that day to this. As ho thought of these things, his oyo fell upon u lady who was Bitting in a sheltered spot, struggling with u rug which tlio wind threatened to blow away. Ho Bprung forward to assist hor, received hor low- toned thanks, and wus just turiling away, when a ray of light from a luntom foil. suddenly in hor face. " Margarot!" ho exclaimed. Then almost immediately — "I beg your pardon, Mrs. Forrior." Sho hold out hor hand. " I wondered when you wore going to soo mo," sho said, "You nro going to Eugland?" "Yes. To put Maidio to school." " Sho is with you?" "Yos— asleop in tho cabin. I ciimo up for a. littlo fro.ili air." "How long do you stay in England?" Tlioro wus a moment's pause. Ho suddenly folt that lio had iislccd a fatoful question. "I don't know, ".'sho said at length, turning hor fnco away. 4 4 May I sit down ?" said Paul, softly. Thon, nftor n littlu pause : " Are you going hack to tho island?" "No," sho answored, with suddon energy. "Never! Oh, you do not know what huppoucd. Another missionary ea'mo out — with his wife— and thoy woro of different views from Andrew's, —and they said everything was 'wrong nnd undid our work as "much us over thoy could. And thoy did not liko mo to ho there, and thoy thought Maidio a burden. So I went haok to Sydney, and my friends there — tho biBhop and overyono— said that I was not strong onough for more work, mid must go buok to Englund and take cure of Muidio. And tho dear island is quito .spoilt." 44 Have you beenMl thon?" Paul askod. 44 No — only silly. Not nblo to work as I used. A sign, I suppo'so, that what I used to call my— mission is ended." Thcrewnsu littlo catch in her voico almost liko a sob. " Murgurot — could you not mako a mission for yoursolf hero — iu England ? " Sho did not. answer— perhaps sho could not speak. And Paul wbnt on. 44 You know how I lovo you. I havo tried to do what you said I ought to do — I urn-trying still. Will you not holp me, now that you havo oomo homo again ? " Sho stoio her hand into his, and in tho dark ness ho drew her oloso to him and kissed hor on tho lips. And Ohristmus Hay dawned on a now lifo for both of them. To ho a huppy wifo and mothor — was not this after all tho worthiosb Mission of Margarot? J The following appeared in a part only of our edition of Satnrday. J 