THE atYSTBKY OF LYNN ' COUET. Oil AFTER XVI.— (Continued.) , Hum!,1 Inn Histor mvit, kuucliiiK uowu on thu rug bcuido him, -auil imtlihg hurnnn 1 rouiid'hiN uouk, 1 h'ttvo huun mkuti. ti.-duv nut to lut you K".' ' . ' JJv.Avhimi ho iuquiroH, hw fnt'o still . uuulmngwl-"' ' ' Hy— vou know liyv.'huin,' hIio kuvh. M 110 "I n»t toll you.' , i I Hu'»po: o you in Lit n l.'nmcea Lynn, ho .obouryia qnioty. .V _ _ , 1 Hugh,: wuuril you ehiy it ulio mjkcu you to iwty nho imiuinw. ' Nil, Roiiauioiid. 1 wmit.l not,' ho (fays. \- I 'Not iflHhfiiiiiki'il you to utiiy fur Iter ualiu ?' tiho iwkM. - ; Mo,' Iw viijiiii's, ilogceilty. Ji.it'— ItiKWinoiut jmU tho 8Uiwwi(ion with irocrtiiiu loiioiil' triumph--' but it uliu love I vim, lLu'H :' ' ' I' ll' olio lov.kl -itio ? ho- ocliuou. wit.i tho Hiuii !Uinuovi(lniiu|tO!ia!ii:o, luokingBtmight hit iivhiiu iubi Ouiliio. 1 ' Vrti.' oiiy»i' Itui'iutioiul. \ ' I- kiioM' nho Iovois 1110.' ho tiowrto. IJ.t iiinklm t-li.i iihsoilioii jnuvuly. ikwi- (ivoly, im ir ho rvoru not tiouhl.Hl with tho oitmlow ut « iIout'tuiKiii I ho Kuhjwt. ''I'hbn, wliy- w)iy do you jtu uu-iiyr urn n o:.'i:hums iu orftoiuyinuoiit. IliwiiHoilio fmit that ulio lovon mo nm- .I.'iH inv ttoiii;; away ulwolutoly H'.'i.i's.i'iry,1 roivH llu:-.|i. 'if it liuil boon my own lin- latjiliimoo laoroiy, 'I ooul'l liayo otmlwl on.' . lint why noi'il you 1« unlm)py if von lovo o.irh otlior'r'. liotaianllilobjooti', kttool' ing ii|iiij.ht;"U tho l ug, iuiil Htnriiife' ut "hbr bruthor. lu that foot lit .tho wholUMif ntir ull- iu! V ; . ' Mlut iuiy.iiyjn why f olio iwk«. " ' !!«rniif<!0P iiuiat hull hor .no woll no iiivonir.' 1m uiplioo. .. : . Why uiuol yoli lnirt lior'r' olio nok«. At' - lias foiiv Uumoaml liminilo, howiya. /«.-tWVn K—Awl-l-' Idtty imUrttp. -'.v.- V i ' t1'"i ' ' ' 'u \- , f'l.iL.r! r'wkdiifcll-tiioiTiiw. V .to ft io. 1 .'uuhl murry hor.' Mt' Hugh. .von itm a Wiiimlua oistiir itooorto, iliilitiiatltlJi'lilIlUth boW®; ' . ' Do Vbu ffiottn,.to mi®>1in contunioB. tlint yoli will Iniiik' hotft'ond. iinil yours "tor tliii linltu of ii morohoriipwt b i'"J f tliov nro ti) nivnk; b j ' T cuil- iint ,ltoi|i ft.' . - Ynti Si.ii,' m)i» tuworfw - Ihi you know .1 whnll tliinkl I think it is nollioii anil i 3jio.ni of'you—yos liuain — to tio.it licr ao, i jiili to'in'ilulao your own juiilo uml oliati- iiiiucy. Tiooo i' . ' -ibsm, Kmir.ioml " Hush rojioats, ilunh- ''inS'aiijiTiiy. . r. i;Yoa, moan -.iiolluur loos. Dont vim j think, hor i'o iiians I.njiiil t>> bj. ooioiiiloroil iiiTt. wlo'li sbo 111'..-! boon ma il nu idiot ;ta to v-iiii foryoui' Any ouu in uu idiot who cvr sforyiiu.. . Willi t£iisoi'.i<iiisni Misa t.'nriialo buroto ' iialodiciinu! " ! ' ' Dli. i-Tnui., RoMipimtil, nt«i> inyinp! I'm wiru aiy'fatu ia lauil o:ioub!o - you m oil not i, iuniio it \rpt>o tf> 1 oar. 1 o:i will novor J 'knowiryli'if l'linvo hulforod iu thin plan), . itort'itho uitJi'ur.' . Don't vou thiuk nhe.oufforo .too ?' noks l!i b-uhoiuT. y, . -v.'. . ' ' ilLitvon holi'ti3, I siipjwao slio docs.' ho l oi.lioii. ' Rut-kilt) cannot mi&'or tut 1 miliar.' ' No, hut n luuulroil tinicd more, bceauoo i.|in lain t cndui'o, ouysiUiKinter. ' IliittliOioa tlseitfjuimbiSjCliuir nml stands i.ri tho int. his ollwiw dn tlio chilunoypioeo I, art his lieail mi liislutud. ltoKtmoud aon- i nails him. t.sns iii lior 'oyos. hor ehuuko il>ouiu|> with indiKmint.oiinisou. 'Rixmiomi. do lioi tdmnt mo.' ho aaya bosn oly. .'I liavidftnougli'to (ii?lit iigniiiKt ' my own heart uud hor — without that.' ' And T lioao you will 1» emii|iiorod,' Ibwsmhnd oxrliiiiaa. .drying hor eyoa, ' for you lifjht, iu u liad euiiau.' Mi-. Cai-lislo is oiloilt. Tlio piiio-loijs r.o-klt'.iii, tiiu gruto, U)0 kottlu siut;s on tho hob: tlio.nioo litflo ainnirr in gniwiiif; cold for the.siH Oia! lilllii. liosimioud pours out ji.-'r own Uu ami proceeds to fciko hor long(- ilobivisl mail, ill a very liail liuiaour up- i« r ntlv. ft is almost tho first time in lior li u tint, alii! has iiiHiTirlled with lior ' rothor, mi 1 aliu fuels upset, lint licr ihdign itiuu <hoV.es 1uk liui- touiu. 8ho_hn« a jnrtyr fis-liaj; in tlio mutter— sho is liglitini; for hor aix. who mo uircod to oiuiino so much bowius-t tlioy isuinac "sihok. . Uoaiinoiul, ' don't let us qiairrol' any limn .' . -, \- lliifrli has V-ninn Iwhiiul hor ehiiir, uml ih lioudiii ovor it with his bunds on hor iihonlders. Ill) jiiiiks down, iiud sho looks up. Ho bunds his head and kisses lior. Ho the II! is an uruivil IKiued hulwqcu thorn for tlio pios'ont. ' j t'llAITliR' XIII. Roiumonu Cauuhle, sooia no protm- bilitv of luiiiirin;; lluh round to lior wily hr thinkin;; us ropinls Miss' I.ymi, uml a vorv iriaal liroliiiliilitv of lioiitif ub i T-ii to leave l,yna. siaeo ho will not lie 11 1 auudo.i to fni'i'So his lite-lung theory, lie riu) in wish to lie .vueonuited to her own Into'. So, woman -like, sho follows up tho thoimlit with iirtion, and, uftor lunclioon on tho liny following: lior visit to Lymi llovul. gods dowh to tlio village. It is a cnhl, Kliurn afternoon, much eoldor than numy that linvo gouo boforo it. : Rosamond, warmly wrappod in her sdal- skin juuket, with u cap of tlio sniua material \- on her hoad, doSos tho cold, anil gots a aplondid colour in her oheiiks jis slio tlu- iconds tho hiU. .'Hlip enjoys tlio wouthur " koonlv uml ulio hiipos to moat hor lover ! . ' ' Sho pays niid or two visits in tho villugo. Thou goes to tho iiost-odicu, on lenvinp which sho moots Sully Dunn. Tho old .wonuui js osnooiitlly partial .to Rosamond, ' anil iilways debon her for a jossip, if she eaii. Utmainond, roincmhorinpM.r Jnyi.o's infonnutiod of tho'day befoio, cannot insist saying — j . .""What's this I hoar -about you, -Mrs. Dunn Is it truo that you: huvo scon u ghost!'" Tho old: woman glanooo-un'at hor oun- ninglVi us though sho would say," '' You think' to puss it off liko thhM"' . ".'Dood, thon, I saw soiuothing, Miss Rosamond— call it what you liko. My eyes uvo going, but tlioylyo not gono yot. And, if f did not soo poor Master Saxon himself that morning, I suw worse — and thut's no lio I nra telling ymi." ' " But von should not sot such rumours afloat unless you woro jsirfectly certain of what ' you saw," Rosamond says more gravely. " It would bo so torriblo il Miss Lynn woro to hoar thorn," " Sho'll hear naught hut tho truth from Sally Dunn, Miss Rosamond. ' Wasn't I just rising up from poor Mrs. Nooko's bodBido, wnen I wont across to open tho window, to soo what timo of day it was i And thon didn't I soo him, as plain as I soo you tliis Mossed minute, pacing down tho 'rond ? Heaven bo botweon us and huvni 1" " You aro suro it was Mr. Lynn and no one else '! You might oasilv havo been mistaken, for it eould scaivoly havo boon daylight." It wns not daylight, but it wus light euough to soo him— no mistake about it. It wus Mr. Saxan, nlivo or dead ; uud I'm reudv to tako mvoath on't." " Going up tho road to Lynn Royal V" "No, miss, going down tho roiul, tho othor way." "Well, you know it could not have boon lie, for tlio' poor follow wus dead nioro thou two hours thou, obsarvea Rosamond. Tho old womun shakos her h.-ad mys- toriously. " Others saw hun tho somo night," she assorts, glancing up at Rosamond with tho same cunning look. " I 'sposo you hoard that, Miss llosiimoud 1" " I did indocd," soys Rosamond. "But that might havo boon himself." " Mora iikoly it was only un appoarunco. Miss Rosainoiid. It's not thoi llrst timo I've lioind of a person's haviug boon soon lwforo ho died, much loss afterwards. 1'vo boon nt ninny doatli-bods, anil I could toU you many queer things wliicli como undor ihv own eves, though I _ daro say you wouldn't. Ixuievo 'cm if I did. Quality is hard to lie poisuadcd about them things, I've liccn looking out for you tkeso' fuw ilnys past, miss, to ask if you wunted somo good cliiiikons. 1'vo sovon uico plump lines roudy for plunking, and I know his rovorouuo likos chickens. ' Rowuuond buys tho ehickons and takes hor way hoinownnls: Shu ontoiB tho Hr plaiilation just us tho grout stublo. boll up at Lynn Court rings for six o'Aock. Rosamond walks quickly, for tlio cold is iutciiso. Just .whero tho jmth turns up from tlio rivor slio moots Gydo Dcspanl. no grouts hor quietly, but bis foeo ih nut so. quiet as his greutrng. Side by side they move up tlio pntli, a jpxslly jsur— ho i'lo.t tll anil strong, with hU dark, resolute- face, sho si) ' fair snd grouoful, laughing from among line soft, riidi furs. . ' "You seom in good spirits,"- lio remarks rosontfuily. ' " MTliy shouldn't I bp in gooil . spirits?" sliu iriquire's "snuoDy. ?,:.>< v v . " Wliy nbt ihdissl lie says. ' " It was vdur own doing; t'supposo." . . " IVliut was my own doing ." "This lmnislniig of nip out of voiu- sight,'.' he. rejilies. . ' ldid not Isiuish you," uliosays. ' " Did 1 not. Siie you tho dny lieforo yestonlay " Yes. but how :"lio inqiuras. . _ ' IsHiking vorj" cross, I ndiuit," she says proviikiugly. . ' No wohdurl looked cross. It is very cruel of j"pji;' 1'esiiiiloud. IVhv havo yuii X'honged'si) much to mo ? What . havo I dono?" i Sho ghincos up iit him, into his reproach ful oves. I "Yon havo dono nothing," slio says. " V.'liat put that into. your head ?" " Then why do you look at me so coldly wlion wo luip'pon to iniHit And why do you so carefully avoid mo ho nsks. "But I supposo" yoit uro all born incon sistent. Yen can't liolp. yonrselves." " I ani not inconsistent," sho exclaims, throwing up her head. : "Not wnen you kiss inn oue duy, nnd the next pass mo i>y like a tnero ucquum- tanco. 1 should liko to knuiv what you coU that, if it is not inconsistency," lib says. Rosamund turns her red choek away. She can scarcely contnulict luiu, but una will not gh;o in just yet. Tilings havo changed sinco thon," slio unsworn. . . , - " " . "Ilnvc you changed ?" ho usks. " Huvo you r" sho rctums. "Rosainoud." ho says, "why will you torturo mo ? Ilavo I not told you that no thing but doath can change my lovo for you f" ' Again slio moots tho dark wistful oyos, and, looking into tlicin, sho ciinuot doubt; but sliu choose3 to' foigh a doubt sho does feel. "You aro Mr. Despurd of Lynn Court now," slio roturas, half inoekingly. " Tho — tlio portion I wns foolish onough to cure for was poor and hud no frionils. Those woro inv reasons for curing for him, and thov ox&t; no longer." ' Then you no longer care for mo ?" ho usks. " Yoii will find it difficult to gat pooplo to euro for you now," sho says. " Rosamond," ho bntroata, "havo dono with this. . Y'ou know you aro talking folly. Do you euro for mo still ? I' know you al ways oxcuso fickleness in a wnuiim ; you have often tohl mo so. But toll mo now, once for all, do you can) for mo leas than you did ?" " I'orhaps I do," sho says, "what thon?" "And kecuuso of this fortiino that bus oomo to mo ?" ho inquires. V i'Tf I should sny Yos,"' sho asks, "what would you do ?'.' . " I sliould curoo tlio day I ciuno in forit. But lthought vou liked what money can liuy, ioSnraond. You were vory neaily tliroanng.mo over, hocauso I hi;d nono." " Was I ?"' sho questions, with a dreamy smilo. Hho knows how this will end hotter than ho doos, mid can afford to tufa) it quiotly. Ho is Imlo and agitated, Bho is perfectly at oaso. Tho wild-roso tint on her clieok docs not change ; thoro is a lialf-dofiaut, lrnlf- tondor curve on liorswoot rod lips. "You ninko mo eullor horribly," ho mut ters, a slow tiro gathering in his eyes. - " Oh. Ovdi\ what a simpleton you aro 1" ' she says, holding out hor two lumds. I Ho 'takes them i.i his own, drawing a ! long breath. .."Whvdo you play with mo ?" ho asks reproachfully, yet with infinite tenderness. "My lifo is iu your hands; Rosamond— my liuurt is lying boforo you ; don't crush it with your careless littlo foot. Y'ou uro poworful, bo also moroiful — for I lovo you. ' Those throo words—" I lovo you" — spokon so simply, subduo hor ot Inst. Sho lots him put his anna around hor und kiss lior hrightoold cliook. ; > . .< " Rosamond, . I can't lot this stute of tliiugs go on any Iongor. I shuU toll your biothor wlnit woaro to oaeli othor— what wo hopo tabu to ouch othor." Sho.aoos no alternative now — as woll toll Hugh soonor.na luter, sinco ho must, bo toll But she thinks it would bo better not to let the Lynni) know just vet. It is I not two mouths sinco poor Saxon's death . it sooms rather early to think of uuirry ing uud giving in mnrringe. To this Ovdo is fuin to agroo, though mthor unwillingly. I IIo would linvo tho wholo world know tliut this fair Rosamond belongs to him. With this undorstanduig thev" part ut tlio churchyard stilo. For a tow. minutes they stand thoro ' in a prolonged farewell.- There is no shadow on tho two rapt faces, no pro-vision of coining ill. And vot it is coining, is closo on their heols. dogging thorn us u sleuth-hound follows up tho track of blood. CHARTER XVIII. Next day Rosamond receives a proposal from Mr. Juyiio. It is a written oho, and is sent up by u spocinl mossungor — Mrs. Stanin's son Jorrv— from Lynn. It is a most format and precise document, bearing a flnvour of tho law about it, and writton on papor of a jiluish shado,' Rosamond doos not dolilwrato long about hor unswor. Indignant and scornful, sho writes a reply which will ut least open Mr. Jayno's oyos to tho utter futility of pro ceeding further in tlio mutter. Sho doos not foresee tho couBcqtioucos of hor fow curt linos, or sbo would doubtless muko thorn a littlo less scathing, however indig nant sho may fool. Shu paces tlio littlo sitting-room "nt tho Parsonugo liko un insulted princess, und bums to tell Hugh all about it, though she uocs not wish to forco liim into u quarrel with tho obnoxious nttornoy. Gydo Dcspanl has spent tho morning with Mr. Carlisle, though Rosninond has not seen liiui. But Hugh hnd coiuo to her nnd wished her joy with a luilf-pleascd, hull-regretful fuco, scolding hor at tho sumo time for having kept him in tho durk so long. Even while ho spoko Rosamond has observed thut lie looked unlike himself, and Iiiih hoped tho uows did not trouble or displcaso him in unv way. But ho has congratulated und kissed hor with a 1ml- gtlid monitor unusual to him, who has always, till of luto, boon so bouyant and full of lifo. " Hugh; aro vou quito woll ? Your hand is burning, and yot you shiver as if with oo)d." . ",0h, yos, I inn quito woll 1" ho answered earotessly. ' ".But 1 did not sloop woll last niglit, and 1 uin. tired." "Must you go , out now ?" sho asks. " Tho air is so very sharp." "Yes, I must 'go — audi havo doluyod too long iilreudv. Gdod-liyo till sovon." '; Sho-hati watehod liim down tho gnrdcii- wulk, anxiously, noting how uncortainly ho walked. In hor own mind sho has resolved to bring up a remforcomont iu tho alitipo of Frances Lvnn. sinco sho cannot influonco Hugh for his own good. Sho bus liogim to ' flunk that, if Fnincos cannot persuade him to tako hotter care of liimsolf ho hud hotter go away. But,' when ho' comes hick ut seron, sho forgets all about'Mr. Jayno and liis hated jiroposal,' iu tlio sudden shock thut Hugh's uppeariiubc gives hor. Theru is no lungor room for' doubt— lie is not only ill, but vory ill, iinil for the next throo weoks tlio fbvor, wMchjhiis taken flo rae hold of him iit'hlst.' koqps him vacillating between lifo amldeathV, ' , ' ,v' ' ' Rwrniriond has hor hands full now! Hugh is re quiotqiuticnt onough. but still thero is pliinty i)f work to do. .The old woman who acts as servant' at the l'ursonago is willing eilough, but Hugh will hot allow her to como near him. But for Gydo Dopuril, who bits up with him vory ofton, when it is noccsiuiry for anv ono to sit up at night, Roaaniiihd would Iiavo sunk from exhaus tion. He is so kind nml gontlo in this now rnh: of jiiirso that Rosamoml loves hini lnoro tliiiri ovor. And ovory day miotlior frinud comes to tho l'arsonago to inquire for tho piitiont, uud brings ovcry kind o( dainty ' to' tompt him to wit. Tliis frionil docs "not lot min soo hor, though once, whon-ho is itslbop. slio sees him, und - goes iiwav crying softly ut tho clinngo in the sleojimg face. " .Ilugu ''struggles manfully for life, hut tho fou'- is strong, and ngninst such u foo liumnhity ' is weak. Youth anil n good constitution am poworful ' weapons how ever, uiid in tho end Hugh conqiiors. But oven ill coiiqncring ho lies for dead on tlio field of battle, anil it is long lieforo his sniiit comes to him ainiiu. much less Iris strougth. Meanwhilo a torriblo rumour has boon gaining ground in tho village, set utloat no ono knows wlion or how. It is currant all about tho town boforo it comes to tho oars of tho portion concerned, us uro many rumours, and it is vory woll for them that just at that time they did uot hear it, when thoy huvo no much tniublo already. ' It is not tho ghost report, though Unit has not yot dioil out of - tho public mind : this deals luoro.with tho living than with tho dead. At first it is only liko tlio moaning of tho wind boforo the tonijicst, lmt by- und-by it gathers forco uiid fury, and threatens to destroy ut least ono of the pcoplo who woro uwako uud stirring on tho niglit of Saxon Lynn's murder. _ Rosamond is tho first to licnr it. March lias coino in liko a lion, mid oil nlsmt Lynn thu Imro woods four and bond with a t.o'unil liko tlio sen in a storm, nnd dry twigs nnd brunches nro hurled about tho woodland paths nnd up and down tlio parched white rood. Tlioso who can romaiu indoors in gonoroldo so; hut ouo duy Rosamond is obliged to go down to tlio villngo to Airs. Noakes, who is reported to 1)0 dying, und who sends up for hor post-hnsto. Wrapping a pluid closely round hor, nnd lonving Hugh, who Is now fnirlv on tlio road to oonvalcsconeo, in tho old wmunn s charge, Rosamond sots nut on her journey reluctantly enough. In a quarter 'of ,nu hour — sho goes ut a good pace — sho finds horsclf in tho villngo, nnd in a fow min utes' moro on tlio outskirts of tlio old " croon." wlicro Mrs. Noakos oceumes thu cottugo opposite tho villugo pump. Mrs. Noakes. has no notion of dying just yot. Rosamond soon discovers tliis. and she has looked upon it us a foregone conclusion when sho loft the Pnrsmuige. Mrs. Noakos has chronio attacks of dying, which nevor como to a oliniax. But uosu- mond sits by hor bedsido in tho dim smoky room, und listens to hor rambling talk, und rcuds to her as much as sho can compre hend. Then Mis. Noakes fulls into u dozo, and Miss Cnrlislo prepares to go homo. In tho wido clnmnoy-oomor, whore tlio firelight falls redly on tho sooty walls anil und on tho rugged heortlistone, Sally Duiui has sat out tho eonfcrcnce. Slio is yot in attendance on Mrs. Noakes. t hough couie pooplo say nho doos not treat a patient uv ,-r- hintlly, who may not. la' able to dio j 11. -t when Bhe is oxpoctod ;o do so. "Won't you warm yourself a bit. Miss Rosamond! before you go eat into the cold again ? Tho wind ia real bitter this even ing,' Rosamond takes tho throe-logged stool which Sully Dunn has sot for her right iu front of tlio hlazo. Tlio old wmnun watches hor curiously, taking tho short black pipe with which sho consoles hor night- vigils from hor pocket, and proceed od to fill it carefully. ' His rovorenco is getting on finely. Miss Rosamond ?' slio begins,. ' Vory woll indood, Sally,' replica Rosa mond.' ' I left hun asloop.' (to »E cnxiixt'Kl). 