/, * A. Coalhaggie Mystery. About three yearo ago,, Peter Sjtein, a hard ; headed, praptical, frugal German, sold pro-1 pertyihe possessed in the W*«ga district', , aijd with his family came to Duhbo in search of land. He and his son Jacoh, a man now years of age, took up two arras of 2560i C* acres «ach on the Coal baggie. Tin* selections jbi'6 on the south Bulladoiaii run, an. I rather! isolated. Jacob's selection is ou the southern: part of the run, and tli«*ro was when it vva.s; taken up an old liufc upon it. Tu this at! first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and' Mrs. P.eter Si win, I'wo adult sons, two a-|u t daughter*, and five younger' children, ' Wi«'h! the family a young ui»n named D«ley came into the district. He hud been tared by the Steins, and was as one' of the family. Ho wan much nitacii^d to ^hetn. and they to him. Jacob determined to bilild on the situ of. the- hut, while Peter commenced tha erection of a commodious i evidence on his. land, about three miles away. The Steins were, how-^ ever, uo sooner settled— the father and family in their new house, and Jacob in his hut, than th uy. hoard strange voices, loud cooyingj and awful screaming. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated, tiavelleis or hotnewaid proceeding selectors more merry tlian sensible, they took little notice of them. These sounds were onlv heard at intervals — a fortnight or three weeks intervening between their occurrence They, however, took plnce so rogularly — for they were heard at one time at Jacob Stein's aud again at the father's—chat the idea of 'noisy roysterers, making night , hideous with their noises, was given uj, About eighteen months ago. there were further development fl,nd, according to the family, stran»e mani feKtatiohs. T'ie furniture in Peter Stein's hQuse became dispossessed, .. .It.-jumpftd about iu all directions, and on on« occasion t lis crash of the crockery was '? soini'fchiujj de cidedly extraordinary anl, unijanny. : t\ M ra. Stein wns 'aking in 'he kitchen one day, and : jafter she had her d -u^h piepaivd to ''e placed in the oven,; an invisi'vle hHiiNl.l|-ii:j/ed/ii^u|i and toSRrul it over on' the flo ir. Thesp thi iil'S, or akin to them, have kept on from' then till now, but -«;ith i lie furiher (levelopufeut that the perion reH{iOuSii'hi — -whether spirit mi\ 'Heaven or i»ivl«liii da-uned.— has frequently ?'interviewed ami has bad cmvei sat ions with', the HeverjiL. luojn'ier.* of the family. Evi-- ' dently the -presence ida i;umthinf,,l,Ue i egului ' type, 'for' it iio-jrt not' waitiilHthe ? wiichingj ? Jiour When srave '.yards- ' ya'wu and ghosts! tr-top forth,' bin. c 'ine.s albimvin bi- oad day-! light, and talks to the family, w ho are iiow | v somewhat terrified, a*i may w«i| b'edui alined; I i In reply to a que-itiou fiom PnteriSteiji, thf! ' invisitde vidtor 1ms said tlu t his name isGreorge; William Herbert, and . tlmt his mdih';r^ wlioi was named Anuie, and hi* »i*ter, (who wmif , Called Julia, were burnt to death on-the Souihi iJivlliidoran run, that his father died -ini 'the; Oootrtinutidra hospital eighteen years, ag that he (the speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead upon the road, that, he; had been waved, and had HiitiMsted on herhs^ and, weeds. Upon being asked to show him-; -el£ by the eldest Stein, he replied i h *» t if lie 'did, those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before.! According to the S'einn, and all from the; father to. the youngest child tell the same un--; ?varnished tale, the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff voice, and sometime as softly its al woman, indeed it would be 'difficult tj distin-i guish his voice from a girl's. 'I'hedosH nb.Miit seem to know when he is coming,. ajth'o'uuh the Steins cannot see it, they appear - to haye that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog got™ neu'ly mad ' with fear and excitement. About a fortnight' ago, things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kinds, ; of. prankrf. It cast tomahawks and knives! about, with the grace of. aiv Indian juggler, - and upset pots, chairs, and other ,articles of domestic economy. One night,, while the family were engaged recitiny the Roaary — ; they are Roman Catholics, and retain , the „ 0iin pie devotional habits of Rhineland — the v table round which they knelt was suddenly lifted towaids the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heat y thud. So annoy ? in» havp been the manifestations, that Daley, the young fellow who came from Wagga with the Steins, has left the place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, has pit o left saying that if he were given the .^lection he would not live there. Tlie whole thing is certainly mysterious, but, however 'thpi sceptical may be inclined. to laugh at . it, there' is not, our informant states,' the ?- slightest doubt that every one of the- ftt-nily thoroughly believes what he tells. Mrs. '? SWiri, who is an English lady, with ? no ? ten ' deticy to the superstitious, is as convinced as , -she, is- of her existence that the place is ? hpyited, A few days a»o.{ at: Peter Sif'in'a rtque3t, the Very Rev. Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night an d day he spent there he «aw or heard no thing, he investigated as far as possible the affair, mid is thoroughly satisfied tlmt the 'Steins are believers that they are beina; an noyed l-y a power, which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and h aearckins; inquiry should take place.-— Dtjbbo Dispatch. ' 