ADOÜBLE EV-ÜNT; or SOO to 1. (By D. Belgrove in London Society for May) " YKS, these used to be my quarters in the old days, when I ran np to town from Aldershot. Ah, those ?were cheery times. By Jove ! it's just as well one can't see ghosts of the future ; it would have giveu rae rather a start then if I had looked out of the window and seen myself as 1 am now, at ray billet at tho corner." The speaker was the proprietor of the crossing at the corner of Powder street, St. James's. He' was sitting in my chamber in Powder-street, smoking a short pipe aud drinking some whisky and water. Since I first came to live in Powder street, I had often, as I passed his crossing, wondered what this man's history had been. Ho was a man who had obviously seen better days, and yet was able to bear his fallen fortunes with, philosophy, if not with resignation. ' Probably he ought to have been in the prime of his life, but his long drooping moustache had more white hairs than black in it, and his worn face and bent figure told a tale of hard times. His clothes were wonderfully old and tattered, but they looked as if they had been ori- ginally made for him, and had once been the fine feathers of a fine bird, while his battered shanless old hat hud something about it which sug- gested that it had been the work of a good maker. He never asked for alms with a cadger's whine, but he would remind the passers-by of his claims upon them by an easy ges- ture, much as one who was playing at loo would remind another player who had forgotten to do so to put into the pool. I used to notice that he usually had a little volume in his hand, which, when business was slack, he would intently peruse. At first I thought that it was some book of devotion. I nm afraid 1 put down his motive in reading it to a desire to gain the goodwill of the pious, though the passers-by were as a rule not much in that way inclined ; but when I had a closer look upon one occasion I saw that it was a Buffs Guido to the Turf. After a time I usually used to have some conversation with him when I passed,' it was generally about the same sub- ject-racing-and I found out that he was a very earnest student of public form, and that there were few big races on which some of the tak- ings of tho Powder Street crossing wore not wagered. Although in the body he was present at the Powder Street crossing, in the spirit he was on Newmarket Heath, or at Ascot. I or Epsom, or wherever the races might be going on, and lie would always eii.ioy a talk about the lasl meeting with anyone who had been there. It was after I'had come bach from a Newmarket meeting that 1 asked him to come up to my cham- bers and discuss the doings there, over some whisky and water. Rather queer, company for me to keep, some people-ray father, tho Dean of Bun- gay- would say; but I was always rather unconventional in my tastes, and I could not help having some- thing like a fellow-feeling for one to whom the turf had such strange fas- cination. It was on that occasion that he recognised tho rooms, and this, and perhaps the whisky and water, made him communicative and induced him to tell me something of his life. "Yes,-it was a confounded dream that sent me wrong,"'he said, "it must have come from the devil; I wish he. would send me another like that, by jove, though. It was whoa I was at an army crammer's that I had it. Up to that time I never gambled a bit or had any interest in a race except to have a shilling or two in a sweep. It was a few clays before the Derby, and the other fel- lows were always talking about it, so I knew the horses' names, though I took ; little or no interest in the race." "Well, one night I had a dream. I dreamt I saw the Derby run and won, and then I went to sleep and .dreamt again, and, by Jove, sir, that 'timé I dreamt the Oaks. I had never been to Epsom then, but in my sleep I saw the grandstand and the hill, and the Corner, as I have so often seen them since. I remembered the names of the horses I had seen win in my dream, and the next day I told the other fellows of it, and my description of what I had seen was so vivid that they were wonderfully taken by it, and would have it that I must back my luck; I did; I had a tenner on the double event. I took the odds from a good man. A thousand to ten he laid me, and all the other fellows backed 'it for a sovereign or two as well: We all went to seo that Derby and Oaks, the crammer saw that we were so much interested in tho races that we might as well be at Epsom as in his, study, for all all the good we should do in getting ready, for our exams, so; .he didn't make much " trouble about our going. Well, it was just like seeiug . something I had seen before, and the races came off just as they did in, my dream, and when the numbers were up after the Oaks I had won my thousand pounds." . , "I got paid all right, but the money, did not; do, me much , good. It Syéni a short time after I had got my commission, and it left a gam- bling devil in me which ?will never be "serit out. I liked my regiment aud the service well enough, only I liked racing better: I had one or two, 'horses'of;my own in training, arid: what with backing them and other .men's it did.not take me long to come to grief.. The .wonder is that I lasted ' as long as I did, but my father died about that time and I ¡had the old place to gamble away. Well it went ; our peopTe had owned it since Henry the ' II.'s -'reign. They kept it all through the troubles iii'the sixteenth and seventeenth'centuries, when they ; staked and lost much for the Stuarts,, .but I lost it over one St Leger, andjl my commission »Tad all I had bat a few hundreds. "With what I had left I went out to the colonies to seek my : fortune, and i didn't do so badly in South Africa, where I went ; I had an ostrich .farm out there, and was j doing rather well, but even out there they have some sort of racing. It is a miserable dog-eat-dog game, every one trying to do every one else, j and the robberies are even more j barefaced than they are at home, ' But such as it was I took to it and at | that wretched business I was broke | again. After that I had a pretty i hard time doing one thing «nd I then another ; at one time I was in j the mounted police force, and I got j maimed, losing some fingers, as you see, in a row with some bushmen. Then a relation died, leaving me a I little money, and I came home again. Well, my experience ought to have kept me straight, then, you will say. My experience was just as useful to me as it is to nine men out of ton-I did exactly what Iliad done before.and took to the twrf again. Yes, with ex- actly the same result, for again I was left without a penny-worse off than I had ever been before, for I was dead broko in England, the worst country in the world to get anything to do in. 1 hadn't any one to help me, for I had worn out my relations', patience and my friends.' If you come to grief you will find out how many friends you make while you knock about spend- ing your money. Well, I've had the experience that many a poor devil has had, and will have, answering advertisements, and finding out they were all swindles, or not'meant for men like I was ; I spent a few shil- lings in sticking one in for myself. By Jove, the answers I got ! Ans- wers from money- lenders offering me terms to tout for them, answers from men who live by getting the last few sovereigns some poor wretch has who has been made reckless by trouble. I got one from a clergy- man who offered for five pounds to introduce me to the squire of his parish, who, ho thought, would take me as a tutor for his Tboys. At last I got a billet, the one I have now. The man who had it before me had been in my troop in the old regi- ment, and when I passed by tho crossing ho recognised me. Ho had been rather a bad lot in the regi- ment, but I had done him some kind- ness and ho hadn't forgotten it. He was as civil and respectful to mo as if ho thought that I wore a bad hat and ragged coat from choice, and I didn't look as if I often forgot to dine. Ho told me that he was not doing badly, and that lie had laid by a little, only the weather told on him as his lungs were bad, and it ended in my taking the crossing from him to work on half shares. I daresay he must have thought it rather a queer job for his old captain to take ter, but one who knows London street life as a crossing-sweeper does has seen queerer starts than that; cer- tainly ho didn't say much, but seemed glad of the chance of getting a straight man to work for him. He is dead now, and the crossing bolongs to me ; I don't do so badly taking one day with another, and though it is hardly the work I should choose, there are lots of men who have had better positions than I ever had whom I don't envy; .butthe worst of it is, all that I make all goes over .'some race'or other, for I have such bad luck, and the queer thing is, that though I seldom think of anything but races'-when I atti awake, and haven't for all these years, 1 have never had another dream of one," coucludod the s\veeper,andhefliiished his whisky and water and relit his short black pipe and in a few minutes he was talking about the horse which must win the Goodwood Stakes, with as much confidence as if he had been the most undefeated of plungers. "When I came back from my holi- days that year I found my friend still at his crossing, but I noticed that he seemed rather out of spirits, and he used to have rather a dejected air as he conned his Ruff's Guide and smoked his short black pipe. It was not because he had lost money on the Leger, for which I had a fellow feeling for him-that he took as a matter of course : nor was it because the winter was coming on, though that was enough to depress a deli- cate man who had to get his living in tho open air ; what worried him was the autumn handicaps-for onco he was unable to come to a conclu- sion satisfactory to himself as to what would win. The fact that the conclusions he had arrived at before had almost always been wrong did not make this state of uncertainty less annoying to him." I I can't get the hang of it anyhow," i he would say ; " the form of tlíe year is all of a tangle ;" and he would go into a long discussion about weights and performances. I must say I folt rather' glad of this, and hoped for once thatthe earnings of the Powder Street crossing would' remain in its proprietor's pocket. /But he was by no means ploased, Iiis hobby-horse had failod him, and with a bothered expression he read his Ruff's Guide and tried to unravel the tangled skein of public form. However, one morning when I was in my chambers, the servant of the house came up,1 with'rather an indig- nant expression on her face, and said that there was a man below who wanted to seo me. " I think, sir," she answered to my question as to who he was, , " he is a party, as sweeps tho crossing at the corner, and from his mahrier I fancy as he has'had some- thing, to drink. . I told' him as you never would wish to see the likes of him, . but hie wouldn't go away." " Show him up," I said, and the ser- vant left the room saying that she would tell him to come up,, with an expression of scorn Avhich told me that sho thought if 1 had no proper pride_ she had. In a few minutes the: crossing-sweeper came into the roóni,! and from his appearance I forriied, tho ' same'/opinion; as tho servant had. j, .His !*íáce ' was í haggard with excitement* : and he seemed to be i trembling all over. ? ? < \- ; ;, "I harts got thom, I havo got them,' he said as he came in. " Yes, you look as if you had them rather badly. I didu't know you drank." Dont laugh at me, 1 have the winners of the Cesnrewitch, and Cambridgeshire - a dead certainty for a double event." " Oh, that is all," I said without much excitement, for I had no groat faith in the sweeper s tips. " I tell you it is a certainty ; 1 have had another dream. Matadero wins the Cesnrewitch, and a horse wins the Cambridgeshire whose name I don't know." " That is just it," I answered, " we all know that, but we don't know the name." " Yes, but I should know the horse again, and the colours^ and tho boy who rode ; he wore a black cap, green jacket, red spots." " Green and red spots 1 what beast- ly colours. But now you say so, by Jove, I know them,' I exclaimed. " They are Joe Levi's, that little thief of a Jew who keeps the public-house in the Haymarket, and has a few platers training with John Holmes." " There, I told you so," he cried ex- citedly. " Let us see what Levi has in the Cambridgeshire ; it was a black horse I saw win." I sent for a snortintr rmner and sot a calendar, and! found that Mr. Levi's black horse the Crow, was entered for the Cambridgeshire. He was in at six stone-a nice little weight for a live-year old-and I saw that he had been backed tit long odds. Tho crossing- sweeper was delighted. " At last my luck is goiug to turu. After all these years I have had another dream. Remember, when I dream I win," he exclaimed. " Matadore and the Crow, they ought to give us long odds." I remember having seen the Crow run at Bromley ; he was a boast of a horse, xjrobably the worst horse in training, I thought, and I tried_ to persuade the sweeper against believ- ing there was anything in it, but it was useless to make any such at- tempt. ?'.There was not doubt about the horse, as I was sure about the I colours, as it was the only horse Levi had in the race; and as for it having no chance, some one thought it had, for was it not being backed though at very long odds ? He felt strangely confident in his dream coming off, and nothing I could say shook his confidence. It ended in my catching a good deal of Iiis ex- citement, though I determined only to back his dream for a sovereign. The sweeper, however, was not so cautious ; everything he had was to go on it, and he even sold his cross- ing, so that he could back his dream to win a larere sum of money. We got fairly long odds-two hundred to one-the sweeper taking tho odds to forty pounds, while 1 had a pound on. I never thought much about it after I made the bet, but the sweeper became an altered man. He still kept his crossing, as he had arranged to do that until tho day of tho Cam- bridgeshire ; but he was restless, and began to hato and feel ashamed of his" lifo. "Not much more of this," he would say to mo as I passed by. I hope none of these fellows who pass by will loi ow me again when I have my money."' I did not go to the Cesarewitch that year ; I had got tired of going to the races, and sick with myself for wast- ing so much time and money on a pursuit which perhaps might take the same hold upon me that it had upon the sweeper. On the day of the race, however, I waited with some anxiety at the Club for tho telegram. Matadora had always been backed a good deal, and left off the night before first favourite, so I was fairly hopeful that the first event of our double event would come off. Sure enough, Mata dore was the name I saw on thc telegram, and I at once started off to tell the sweeper of our good luck. He took the good news wonderfully quietly. " I knew it," he said, " just as if I had seen the race, and so I have tho Cambridge- shire." That day the Crow began to be backed a good deal at Newmarket, and its price began to shorten. 1 wanted the sweeper to hedge and make certain of agood sum of money, but he refused to do so ; in fact, if he had any money I believe he would have gone backing it. Ho seemed to be perfectly confident that he would win, and began to talk about what ho would do that winter, whether,' he would hunt in Leicestershire, oi- go to the South of France. I went down to Newmarket to see tho Cambridgeshire; The only bet I had on the race Avas the £200 I stood to win on the Crow, and I began to feel half hopeful that I should win this money, which would be very useful to me, as I \yns hard up and.in debt. As I. read the papers in the train I saw that, the Crow's price had'come, up to'20 to 1, and I noticed that,the sporting prophets, who had at first howled at the idea of such a brute having a chance, now spoke much inore guardedly. When I got into the enclosure some one touched me" on the shoulder, and I heard a husky voice whisper in my ear-" Mr. Langdale, I've been alook ing for . you heverywhere ; there is one you must back for tho Cam- bridgeshire." The man who spoke to mo was one of those hangers-on to the turf who get their living by haunting racecourse and training quarters" and picking up bits of infor- mation, which they retail to their patrons. Sometimes he really did know something. Often he made sure of hitting on the winner by giv- ing each horse in the race to one or other of his patrons. This day ho refused to be repulsed by my tolling him that I did not mean to back any- thing.: I must have his information ; he; said he had given it to all his gentlemen ; it was good, real good, and lowering his voice to a husky: whisper, he said two words, the Crow. "Yes, sir," .he continued in a second cir two, "it's tho best thing as everT 'ad : better .than Cock Robin' for the I Chester Cup as I put you on to j not J put you on-well, as I put a lot o' my gents on to. Now look 'ore, this is true," ho added sorrowfully, as one who has a great truth to impart, hut whose character for mendacity stands in the way-" My brother Bill, he is in John Holmos's stable where the Crow is trained, and I was down there last night and see'd Bill and he told mo about it." "Well, what did lie say?" I asked, telling him that I backed the Crow already, but that I would give him a pound or so if it won. "Well, sir, Bill lot me know as it was a real good thing, and that they are certain of it, and he would have told me moro only John Holmes comes up and catches him talking to nie. He has an awful temper has John Holmes, and ho didn't like Bill talking to me, for ho know'd mo, so he un- chains tho stable dog and sets it at mo, and then ho goos for Bill. As I hooks it away from the dog I bear's Bill howling out. If Master Holmes knew Bill as well asido I don't think he would caro to knock him about as ho did, for Bill aint ono to stand it quiet. But there, sir, you stick to what you have on tho Crow, and put a bit more on too," and the tout shuffled off to look for another of " his gents." ! " Well, so far so erood." I thourrht to i myself. I did not feel very much confidence in tho tout; still 1 thought that ho seemed very much in earnest about what he had told mo, and I could not help believing that there was something in it, and 1 certainly could not help that there might be, for I wanted the £200 for myself badly enough, but I could not but feel a great interest in tho fortunes of my friend tho sweeper. There was a horse trained by Knight which they were backing as they used to back red-hot favourites from that stable, and there was an Irish horse the sharps wore all on, and Billy Nous, tile big North-country bookmaker, had a mare on which he would win a fortune. Tho Crow's price was 100 to 6, and although there werosomo peo- ple always ready to lay those odds, thoro seemed to bo money in the market to back it; and I was not surpriseel at this, for tho people con- nected with Holmes'stable, although they were a very shady lot and men of moro than doubtful character, always found money for their good things. Billy Nous seemed never to bo tired of laying against the Crow, and this I did not much like, for he had a reputation for not often malt- ing a dead set against a horse unless he knew something ; still I had begun to be very hopeful. As_ I walked from the stand to the side of the course I saw the sweeper ; ho looked livid, jaded, and ill-worse than I had ever seen him before. I could not stand it any longer" he said to me, " so I came down to see the race. I hadn't enough money so I had to walk a good bit of tho way. I have said good bye to the crossing, and have given it up." " Poor fellow ! what will hp do foi1 a. living if it don't como oil"?" I thought. ¡ Whon ho saw the Crow he looked a good deal happier. " That's all right," ho said ; its the horse I saw in my dream, and the same boy; you see the dream is all right." Af tor that he did not seem at all troubled hythe anxiety of Billy Nous, who was near us, to lay against the horse. I thought the Crow looked voiy much improved, and though he was an ugly brute, he could; stride along. . " ' ? They got off altogether after only one false start. Some horse whose name I did not know made the run- ning for a bit. As they caine nearer there was a cry of " The favourite is beat!" and Billy Nous's nim-e, Our Emma, looked Uko a winner, but I saw the Crow coming up. ' "Our, Emma wins !' they wore shouting< out, when I heard tho harsh voice of à well-known, baronet shout, " What is that black horse coming .up? Tho Crow ! and the Crow wins !" , ' "No, he doan't; my mare, wins Our Emma. An evon five hundred Our Emma !" shouted Billy Nous. ' Tho baronet had just time to take the bet, and it was clear the Crow must win ; and he did by two lengths, Our Emma second. As the horses passed the post I looked at the sweeper. He had turned palo and was very queer, and when, in a second or two, lie spoke, there was a catch in ; his . breath. " Just what I saw-and then I woke -just what I saw. Well, you see my dream Ayas .all right," he said; and then, after ho had thought for a second or two, he asked me to lend him somo money, so that he could go and get something to eat at Jarviss, for though he had eight thousand.to draw on Monday, he had not a six- pence until then. I lent him a Aver, and he went and got something to eat, while I went back to the enclos- ure. As soon as I got there I. saw that something was wrong. > The ready-monoy bookmakers would not pay over tho Crow. Nobody at first knew what it was about, but there was an objection lodged by Mr. Nous, owner of tho second. ' For 'some time all was confusion, and all sorts "of rumours were going, but the general opinion was that there' was some- thing very wrong. . " S'lielp me, ' I shan t go near 'em.' It's all ' tip ; ' that imp of a boy has split- he's been'and told Billy Nous. There mil be heaps of proof against^ us.. ^ It's, all your fault for hammering him sp. I shall clear." >?.'..???.:?? ?.. -...._Y ','.;.'.V.;V*> '" 1 A string of oaths was; tho only answer, and as I looked round I saw that they wore.; Joe Levi and Jack Holmes,' the '?.*? owner and trainer of tho Crow. They seemed to be mak- ing off. j' Soon I heard that tho stewards wanted to seo these gentle- men; and that they were not to be found. Then I met a friend of mine who; on a ' racecourse, always1 knew exactly '"wliat' was going on. "This very astute,' friend of mine'wosi also good-natured, and, .when 'Irttbld;jbim that Iïhàd backed the Cro^vj'hô. let me know what was going on-v-j^inim " Backed tho Crow, did you ? Weil l shouldn't talk too loud about it. I om afraid that you have not tho slightest chance of getting your roony. The race must bo given to Our Emma. It is about the biggest swindle since the Running Rein case. The horse which won wasn't tho Crow at all. It seoras Levi got hold of a French horse exactly like the Crow, only a good one instead of a bad ono, and he has won with it. The boy, who know all about it has rounded on them. It.scems Holmes, the trainer, thought it was a nice safe amusement to bent tho boy al- most to death last night, though he knew enough, against .him to send him to penal servitudo, and so Mr. Holmes' wild beast's temper has up- set the apple cart. You ought to have hacked Our Emma; I did," said my friend, and ho bustled off to got ; more / information. He was rightly informed. In a short time i everyone knew all about it, mid I shall never forget tho scene of ex- citement that ensued when everyone heard of tho swindle that had almost been successful. There was no doubt about it, and there were mon on the course able to identify tho horse that won. It would have gono hard with Messrs Levi and Holmes if the crowd had got at them, but they were not to bo found. So much for my two hundred. And the sweeper-poor old chap - his dream had indeed brought ,h.im to grief. It had como to pass right enough, but ho woke up too soon-he ought to have dreamt about tho objection. What was he to do ? Wolli ho had my fiver, and though they wore getting scarce I did not grudge it him. As I left the enclosuro I saw a crowd of people round a man who had fallen down., Some one, who looked like a doctor, told them to keep away, dad give the man air. I came up, and recognised the fallen man. It was tho swooper. He ¡ pro- bably had been one of the - last men on tho heath to hear about the objection. .,; : ' When ho had finished his dinner ho had walked back: to the side of the course, smoking his short black pipe, and thinking of the good time he would have. Then lio had heard of the objection, and learned that his dream had been a will-o'-the-wisp, which had lcd him to .litter ruin. There must haye been always' some- thing, wrong with him, for the bad nows had been too much for him, and he had fallen down in a fit or something. The, doctor looked at hini, felt at his pulse and then at his heart, looked grave, and said, " He is dead." As I looked down at him I noticed that his pockets had been turned inside^ out. . Some ono had already secured tho chango of my fiver, and ho lay on Newmarket Heath dead and cleaned put. 