POLITICAL BOWLING GREEN. Br SCOKEE. 1 HAVE to confess, dear PUNCH, that in playing tlie prophet about the constitution of the new House I was not a groat success. I was not hold enough. 1 erred through over-caution. I predicted, it is true, a curtain victory for the Opposition, and an absolute defeat for the l'atteison Government. But there was no need for ghosts to come from the grave to tell us that. The handwriting stood out on the wall, plain for everybody to read. The only wonderful thing to me is that that Government itself did not read it. Jlut it is another exemplification of the wisdom of those old Latins who held that <jvos thus rit't jwi-Jerf jiriirs demeniat. It is absolutely true. There was this Patterson Government hugging the belief that it bad the country with it, just because the Premier could go and make a speech at a few show dinners and gain the applause of the people who drank champagne. It seems that the fact never will come home to some minds that the little exclusive sets who dress in purple and fine linen and do the " Deportment" of the world, with a capital ft, are, after all, not the " People," with a capital P. They are, no doubt, very superior; but they are not very numerous, and any Government which openly flouts the common sense of the great body of the electors, and hooks itself on to the skirts of the superfine, will always, sooner or later, share the fate that has so suddenly overtaken Patterson and Co. For my part, as you know, I have no joy in this. I have wished to see the Patterson Government do the work of the country, as it might have done had it had the honesty and the ability. There was much work to be dono when the leader snatched the reins out of Mr. Shiels'hands, and he made believe that he was going to do it. But you know very well that he never did anything, save to continue the retrenchment policy that he found already to his hands. We had Patterson for eighteen months, and 1 defy any man to point to a single work done, to any piece of legislation settled, to any help given to the country. It has been eighteen months of wasted time, of loss, of drift, of added debt, deceit, disaster and difficulty. Everything is worse than when he formed ollh'e, and there is ill addition the load of a discredited career. However, Ministers are gone. I am glad of it —distinctly glad of it. 1 like to think of men in high places as of being worthy. 1 don't perpetual fault finding. 1 clung to Shiek a- a- my faith auainst works iou'd hold out. when he was gone, nut wit iiM arding the creditable manner in which the 1 f* • Government came into power. 1 did ar.d said the kind tilings I could to encourage li «»•• the fact was that they didn't wui I:, or v.. u': work, or couldn't work. They could do only thing, and that was to blunder. But they will blunder no more. They andead; and with no chance of a inf-unction. f-ir Brjan has gone out utterly, nmoiig the ten.- fogs of Port Fairy. His own cuutiymeu put the extinguisher upon liiiu, because he was as lad a local representative as he was a Minister. Mr. Bakir died bellowing among the Low all leni.s. Ho might have kept his Ftat till tin- end of 1 i.e century; but bis name was ajsocinK d with Put',' i- son, aiid that dammd him. Mr. Kiel ••• i'i.- i! - a., the same. The Creswiek people l-.m- n•• 'ii^ ii:e to Dicky Dick. Hut as the memberol a I'.i'iei-n Government,, that wit led him. tie it-.'. ..r the Cabinet, 1 velltuie to say of M li'.' i' :i.'' Patterson, n< il her of them v ill ev.-r• |„ o i."- iolio again, HI ii ilie others wil.1 he. ;.' • ; ail abst.mei.ee ot at least ten v ars. I never saw a revulsion ag.-iins-t ii man so toinplete everywhere. All that a new cimiti i.a<! to do to win a seat held by a Patieisonian v-a.- to dcclaro "against the Government," and In- was the accepted at once. Wilmss the esse . t N.uth Yarra. where Mr. Joseph Harris was „ .o i.-ml favourite. But he was a Government cat.oi'!..te, and tlie electois took Mr. P"L'eis .piit.' "ii ;:iist. It was just tl e same at Prahran. Mr. Oi.von was an old member with many friends, llis opi"-m'nt had comparatively few ; but I'rank Gray .ji ..'.an d deadly hostility to the Patterson Gun mr,.ent, and he beat both his opponents tig'il,, i-. In Toorak an exactly similar state of things um d. Mr. Reid was at the bottom of the poll . nievious occasion. This time Uv ti.<\- s,.'.«• Government opponent, and he went to tl o p at a hound. In East Melbourne, in F->otn-R.y. in Williamstovvn, in Dandenoaiz, in l^a^t }'. ml..- lioronghs, in 0<-ens, in Dunolly. in GiinvilV.in l^allarat West, Creswick, Pol wart hardol her I 1: ,« h it was the tame story. The name of Patt.-if.-n would have sunk a navy ,.f coik ships to tl.u boltom, so deeply loaded was it with public t.pio bations. And. now as to this new man, Turner, what i' he to he H Well, that remains to be si en. Hue «ood omen is that he comes to us with a smot- ,smelling reputation. Even hie political < pi on.-jits say he it, honest. He has. nsxt to pir.v.- wl , lb- r be is the stuff of which ler.deis ale made. One of the peculiar facts ahout the late eieei i-r. is that it seems to have pleasr d everj 1 •<i,\ .•::<•. pi the Government, The Opj osition in. inloi- ate. of cour.-e, jubilant, 1< eausi'tl ey aie i.i: II-IIIIIU'I airain except Alf. liailes. The Lib. .a'.- i,:-y(- . oi yet done crying "Huiroo!" The Pr. t. cti. nisi? declare thatthev havescoied "a ii. u- > vt. >}.'' '1'he Age has uttered its loudest en.w. ' 1'< , !'i. ... traders tell us that they have canicd li • i: tlau to complete success, and the An.ms ilaiiii- tie credit of a signal tiiuniph. In all 11n.- lien- i.s either a singular st r.ike of good fori line or a e i eat amount of sham. I leave you and etiu i.- i. r-;._v which. A Labour member said to me tleoiin ;- " Well, we have wailed for vengeam e. and i; come. Patterson has abusi',1 us forthne i We have smashed him in thri e wee!?. \\\ e doubled our numbers in the. coui.tiy. lb lost his office, nis following, his cr. dit, his 1:< —every thing. May he revel' rc rover .n them. We hate him with an uiniyirg I : And we despise liini as much as we hato'i nu I shall say nothing about the result, o Speiiiht Libel Case; for though it has hi en intimately mixed up with the foiiums o political howling green, it will ho tirated. ' less, in other ways. I may merely ol servi the charge of Judge Williams has been ti t opposite to that ot Judge Hodg. s in the pn-v trial. All Mr. Speight's triends were d.-li witli the manner iu which Mr. Justice !l acquitted himself, and the Anc people eoiisi themselvi s sat upon. In the present trial Williams has thoroughly pleased the .(.;, disgusted Mr. Speight. " Sir Graham Berry will get the Fpi ake without a fiirbt for it, and the same I tliinl; hapjien to Mr. Mason with the Ciiaii niansii Committees. Theie is no dt.ubt that- MT. Ma' tlie last Parliament WBK as trreat £ sul e.a. M r. M'Lellan had bee;i pieviously a failu In cases tact and temperament are mo half the battle. Knowledge comes ir. oi:i make-weight. Both Berry and Maso: enough. Both can be suave, and both firm. That euics it up. Hut I shall h disappointed, and a little scandalised, if th sa!a of the Speaker is not cut down from JCHXK) a year, and that of the Chairma jCSDO to JS00. In these bard times tiio.-c aie quite enough. PUNCH cannot accuse the Church of L-'r.L' Assembly of dulness. It has been dialler, the Presbyterians t his week, for go. in ti s of lively scenery. 'That set to between Ho and Potter was very keen, with crie- . t-nn" like •• Below the belt :" Why ? Surely !'• had a right to seize the in. st .fle.-iive we; to hand, which he did with a vengeance. Ai same time there is an unpleasant feelinggendered, that churchmen do not curry out Biblical maxim, "In honour preferring another." 