Bathurst Free Press 'Magna est veritas et praevalebit.' FRIDAY MARCH 16, 1894. Forcing it to a Head. The leader of the Opposition, as stated in our wire from Sydney yesterday, incends to call upon the Government to do what Sir George Dibbs before he was knighted ineffectually sought to make his followers do— the Dibbsian phrase for the action being, making them ' toe the mark.' He has announced his intention of intercepting the Government motion for the House to resolve itself into Committee of Ways and Means, by moving an amendment to the effect that the House, before the Speaker leaves the chair, desires to urge upon the Government the necessity for a general election as soon as practicable, in view of the urgent questions of national import ance which await the Assembly of the new Parliament. Under ordinary circum stances the motion would be out of place, and would doubtless call forth reply from a Government of backbone that they would not submit to dictation of that kind. But the position is a peculiar one — more peculiar than any Parliament in the world was ever called upon to face. Entering into office through an accidentally open door, the Ministry of Dibis changed the fiscal policy of the country behind the backs of the people, ? and have clung to office in spite of 'adverse motions any one of which any Government of principle would have taken M a dismissal from office, meanwhile seeking to evade them by abjectly yielding whenever they saw that the opinion of the House was against their proposals, and allowing the Assembly to take the govern ment out of their hands. From first to last their reign has been one of unprecedented looseness, and no remon . strancc, however strong, no rebuff, however severe, no pressure, however great, has been powerful enough to make them slacken their hold of office. Readers of the Fret Press do not require to be re minded of the manner in which they ' euchred ' the electors out of their rights by proclaiming the repeal of the old elec toral law before the new one had been perfected, and how since then they have been engineering the affairs of the country to the advantage (political, of course) of themselves and their friends. The Dibbs Epoch would have stood in history as the flood-tide of political dis credit, public disaster, and public distress even if it had closed when the Premier accepted £'iooo from the Treasury without parliamentary sanction and went to Eng land and Chicago ; or when Messrs. Barton and O'Connor resigned from the Ministry, for ^reasons which need not be here stated. But unfortunately that epoch basjuot yet eloped, and there is more than a probability of it being ex tended indefinitely if pressure is not applied to compel this Ministry of ' Flap doodle and Fudge' to give the electors an opportunity of exercising their rights under the new Act. The famous procla mation ot December last having enabled the Government to comply with the provision of the Constitution Act that there must be a session at least once a year, if the Appropriation Act is passed they caa defer appeal to the country until supplies are again required, which would not be until January 1895\. Mr. Reid does not think that the Government would avoid a general elec. tioa for so long a time; but the possible means the probable with them, provided any chance existed of still ' hanging on.' If what anyothei Ministry differently con stituted would consider a kick out can be passed over so coolly, how can they be ex pected to leave when they have secured sup plies for a year, and no proper Parliament to call them to account ? They would ' hang on' till Doomsday if it were possible, if enrollments of office continued, and even though they may themselves vote for Mr. Reid's addition to the motion for arranging for supplies, many goads will have to be applied before they will yield up the political ghost and allow the chaos which they have created to come to an end. 