N evj Farm Village Fair. An Attractive Show.. A villago fair organised 011 (ho lines of an-. English villago fair was opened at Now Farm on Saturday afternoon by Lndy Norman. The viee-rogul party, wliiuh comprised Lady Norman, Miss Normiui, Miss Gruco Norman, . and Captain Pyno, A.D.O., arrived nt the STounds ut 8 o'clock. Tlicv were, received by tho Rev. A. Bivere. reet'"- of St. Alb -ti riot aud All Angels' Olinrch, and initiated into the many inystcries of tho fair The object of the .tail- is to" raiso funds to liquidate tlio debt on tho church property. Tiio. fail- is to extend over four days, and" considering the magnitude of tho preparations which tho management have un.de, the undertaking deserves to succeed and to accomplish tho end v.-hioh thoso who wore instrumental iu making thu arrangements seek to attain. Tho wcuther on Saturday was not such as to tempt porsous out of doors, but in (-.pity of tho cold bleak wind that was blowing Iticra v.-as 0 largo and fashionable gathering ut; the opening of tho fair. Tlio Rev. A. R. Rivera uud those who iiro ussoeiatecl with him luivo left 110 stone untamed to make tho affair a success, and the fair eclipses anything of tho kind previously neon iri Brisbane. Tlio place selected for holding tlio fair is tho vacant ground adjoining St, Miohael and All Angolr.' Church. Tho paddock lmd been temporarily foncc-d in, and in it liavo boon created sovoral touts, in each of whioh tho visitor will find .something novel, if his pocket is doop enough to hold tho coins required to enable liim to see the fair in its entirety. I11 one of these tents " Jiichardson'ssliow" wasto bo scon for a modes sum. A melodrama entitled "Tho Baron Bad' uud Bold," is produced by tlio following urlists : Miss Sturgass, .vrs. C'airnoross, and Messrs. Sturgess, Townloy, Hawksford, Muucler, und Stewart. Astheshowuiau remarks, " It is 110110 of your milk und ivutcr comedies, but. u mil melodrama with bullot- huudeil mur- ileroi-s uud petrifying ghosts " The play is guaranteed not to last mora tliuu 15 mutates, arid tho performers get through within'tho proscribed timo. Among other things of An exciting nature tho drama contains a. murder und n ghost scene, both of which, strange to Kay, wero " thoroughly enjoyed" by .tho audience. The cafe chuntunt, in tho tea garden, was perhaps tho niost popular. portion of the fail-. Here ladies and gentlemen wero able to enjoy tlieir cup of afternoon .tea, whilo- inuuio was supplied by Mioses O' Brion, Parker, Griilium, Newton, Bavidsoii, Perry, Dillby, Bedford, Mrs. Pnrticll, Dr. Lilian Cooper, and Mcs-rs. Gray, King, Schick, and Dr. Punl, Dr. Lilian Coopor is in charge of tlio eafo cbuntaut, rind iMeudam -s E. Drury, Rivors, Miller, and Grulimn, of tho ton garden. In unbther tent wore to bo socn Signer Monte, aft'tt.i, said- to bo tho smallest living, man in tho world, 20 inches high and 20 lbs., in weight; also Miidamo Wearer, tho giant lady who stands 7 feet high, weighs 24 stone,'. "and. .i« capable, of lifting 400' lbs. in each .hand. These wonders have, of course, .! muuy visitejrs,, Mr. Godfrey Rivers is in ohargo of .the dibraraa representing a man out wost watching his billy tea boil. In another tent Madame Keprah. receives visiters at all hours of the fair. Tho wheel of fortune turns prizes out for all who vonture within tlio . canvas.. Misa O'Reilly is in ohargo of tho "fuiring',' und lolly stall, where it is miked, 'Need tho gontlomon ho l-oininded that it is usual to take fairings homo to.dno's mother or somo other ludy?" Thin stall luw olhor patrons besides geiitlonion, Tlio flower innidons did good husinouH with thoir pvotty liouquots, while tho Parisian luannikiii, nierry-go round,- high-flying swings, howling saloon, trial of (rtrongtli, and shooting", gullory qaino jn fr r a fair share of. piUroiingq.. /.Miss Drury was ehai-ga of a. tiUiokoy . pokey-", cart, and it is newloss..._,tq- -;add that tlio protty little turnout ; was . ajtroug fpvenrito with the juvenics. ""Mr. Kenny, nrouaod as a oostermongorV'did'a'thrlving trade. 'The merry -go-ruund waa., geqd. ;$riuro6. of xevonrio, and the ball of fun was'sbFfbiling by -.Miss Grace Norman arid Captajn Pyne, A.D.O,, 1 'each mounting a' horso rind-.talHng- ri' riqe- Liring the bfteriioon tbe; Hbadquiirteisj.BBjid > pkyed several selections of iriiisio, wl ' liriddei conridsrably to Clio auccoss of 'fhe fnir, ' 