NOTES AND EVENT S. It will be learned with surprise that a vote of want of confidence in the Ministry has been moved in the Assembly. In the present condition of the colony such reprehensible conduct sa this is simply reducing our Legisla ture to a mere " counting house," and if things continue in this fashion we might as well shut up Parliament altogether. Mr Baker wired to us yesterday announcing the result-" I am strongly against these tactics, the condition of the country being too serious to waste time fighting for office. The ordinary meeting of the Shire Council which was to have been held on Wednesday was adjorned till Mon day next at half-past ten o'clock. The annual meeting will be held at noon. Several landholders in order to show their disapproval of the taxation proposals of the Government re quisitioned the president of the Shire of Colac to convene a public meeting of the ratepayers at the Victoria Hall on Thursday afternoon next to con sider the matter. Mr Daffy has acceded to the request and the meet ing will be held as advertised, unless in the interim the Ministry should be defeated on. Mr M'Kenzie's no-con fidence motion, which does not seem probable.' In order to give residents in the country an opportunity of visiting the coast at or near G.elong, Queonsclii', Deans Marsh,jFoi rest and other seaside places during the summer months excursion tickets available for a month will be issued at low rates from all stations. Applications are invited until Mon day next for the position of proba tionary nurse to the Colac Hospital Particulars may be obtained from the matron at the institution. Young ladies desirous of learning the art of nursing should take advantage of the oppnrtunity. The local Hospital Committee held a special meeting on Tuesday. The president (Mr R. S. Murray) occupied the chair, and there were present Messrs Davison, Hancock, Handley, Baird, M'Intosh, Parkes and Egan. The report of the sub- committee ap pointed to draw up rules for the guidance of probationary nurses was read by the secretary, and adopted after discussion. The deputation ap pointed to wait on the Shire Council reported that that body had made arrangements for the reception of the Governor on his arrival in Colac. After the ceremony of opening the new wing had been performed it was resolved that the vice-regal party should proceed to Wool Wool, where they will remain the guests of Mr and Mrs R. S. Murray. It was decided that upon the arrival of the Governor at the hospital an address of welcome be presented by the Hospital Com mittee, and the secretary and Messrs Hancock and Handley were deputed to prepare one. The refreshment arrangements were left -in the hands of Mrs Farrington, assisted by Messrs Hancock and M'Intosh, and various other matters of detail to ensure the success of the feto were arranged. The committee then adjourned till Tuesday next at 3 p.m, The. Beean Farmers' Association have decided to hold a special, meet ing this evening in the Oddfellows' Hall at eight o'clock for the purpose of discussing the proposed.land tax and the Shire loan. The business consequently being of the utmost importance, a large attendance is ex pected. Mr R. M'Adoo, manager of the Western Meat Preserving Co's. works for a number of years, died at his residence, Gamperdown on Tuesday night last. The Chronicle of yester. day states f' that death resulted from exhaustion consequent upon a serious illness from which he has been suffer ing for the past seven months. Mr M'Adoo has been a resident of Cam perdown for about six years, and dur ing that period, both in business and in private life, he has won the esteem of all with whom he opnse Ji cqtuact." The meeting which was to have bee. held in the Temperance Hall, opposite the post office, on Wednesday evening was adjourned till Saturday evening at half past eight o'clock. A full While Mr Fink was speaking on the Budget on Tuesday Mr Reid, the hon member for Toorak, .thoughbt that he had been misunderstood, and inter jected "I said that if £200,000 were' cut off the municipal subsidy and £103,000 off the education vote, then I would consider whether it was not a proper thing to have a land tax. (Oh, oh, and. laughter.)" Mr Fink came with a crashing rejoinder; " The hon member would tax the farmer twice. He would first tax him l.cfi!ly by withdrawing the municipal subsidy and the education vote, and then he would tax him for national purposes." The startling cireu~stancethat we are paying pensions in these .d~ll and bitter times to 2215 healthy unem ployed, to the total amount yearly of £255,487. was .cited on Wednesday night in a return laid on the table of the Legislative Council. Of this vat sum, larger now than the annual municipal subsidy, £15,584 is sent ,to London for distribution amongst ob sentee beneficiaries in England, inclhd the Right Hon H. C. J. Childers, £8C(9 13s 4d a year; Lieutenant General .Sir A. Clarke, £800 a year; Sir C. Gava Daffy, £1000 a year; three ex-County o.uort judges, £750 a year each; and the ex-accountant of the Railway department, and cx secretary of the late Melbourne ex hibition, M" G. T. A. Lavater," £618 is Id. To all, excqepting Mr Childers and Lady Darling, wid.ow of one of I our old Governors, payments ase' made less li .per cent commission, deducted by the Agent-Generai, presumably for the trouble undertaken by the Govern in remitting, but this percentage pnly ' realises £171 9s 6d a year. Tbho iulk return of pension paid here and in t London shows 1295 persons draw l under £100 a year, 620 between £100 ' and £200, 166 between £200 and ! £300, 76 betwe.en £300 and £400, 25 between £400 and £500, 13 between £500 and £600, 9 between £600 and ' £700, 7 between £700 and' £.00, 2 L between £800 and £900 and 2 J £1000. Five hundred and eleven b pensioners under the Civil Service Act I Iraw £86,272 5s Id, 590 pensioner" of the Education department draw 852,538 16s 3d, 287 police pensioners draw £31,718 15s 7d; and 530 railway pensioners draw £48,149 2s 7d ayear. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser remarks " that t.he city folk are all talking of the downfall of one of our principal owners of horses. There is no secret about the matter now, because the whole of Mr Donald Wallace's breed ing establishment is advertised for public sale. Every racing man, in the truest sense of the word, is sorry, for tho reason that Mr Wallace's name, like that of the Messrs Miller, has been synonymous with straight going on the turf as elsewhere. As I said before, it is hard luck that a man who has won two rich Melbourne Cups should be obliged to relinquish racing, especially when that man bas an honest love for a good horse, apart from all question of gain. I under stand squatting properties in Queens land have been such a constant and heavy drain on Mr Wallace's purse as to bring him to his present condition of affairs." The laying of the memorial stone of the additions to St Paul's Church of England on Sunday was an event of no mean importance in this district (says the Chronicle) reviving as it did memories of the days when the pioneers of civilisation were pushing forward through the length and breadth of the colony. That generation is quickly passing away and it is fibting that the good work they did should be perpetuated. Amongst those whose names are indelibly associated with this district the late Mr John Manifold who, accompanied by his two brothers \- __ - 4 e..F f.l ,o caff1aa Oihn was the first of the settlers wlo penetrated beyond the Stony Rises as early as 1838, over half a century ago, holds a prominent place. Sixteen years after, in 1854, the late Mrs Manifold came to Parrumbete to reside with her husband, and both lived long enough to witness the gradual growth of the district until it developed into one of the richest and most fertile provinces in Australia, holding its own even against the auriferous centres of Ballarat and Bendigo. They saw Victoria's dawn, and were participators in events which are now but dim memories to a few of that generation who still survive, and far away historical incident to the rgeneration that has succeeded them. Mr Manifold died on the 3rd January, 1877, and his wife on the 26th Feb ruary of the present year. When their mother had been laid in the grave, the children of Mr and Mrs Manifold thought it would be a fitting tribute to the memory of their parents to enlarge the church in which they had taken so great an interest, and which, practically owed its existence to their generosity. Mr M. M'Cabe, architect, was immediately instructed to prepare plans unhampered by con siderations of expense. These were completed as speedily as possible, and tenders wefe called for the work, that of Messrs M'Crae and Fnullarton being accepted. When the additions and improvements are completed they will have cost about £3000. The stone was laid on Sunday by Mrs R. S. Murray (nee Manifold) of Wool Wool, in the presence of a large assemblage. After the service incidental to such oc casions had been gone through, Mr M'Crae, on behalf of Messrs M'Crae and Fullarlun, pjresented Mrs Murray with a handsome silver trowel beaxing the inscription, "Presented to Mrs Marion Stuart Murray by the con tractors, on the occasion of her laying thememorial stonoof StPaul's Church, Oamperdown, November 18th, 1894." Mrs Murray accepted the trowel, and after touching the mortar with it the stone-was laid in its place. She then tapped it with a mallet repeating the words, "in the faith of Christ and with prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this Foundation Stone of a Church, to be called St Paul's Church, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The scroll vas then placed in the stone and the proceedings terminated. 