FARM AND STATION. SPARROWS AND NOXIOUS WEEDS. If the sparrow of South Australia had as tender a conscience as the jackdaw of Rhoims he would have withered away long ago under the blighting influence of the curves of fruitgrowers and vine growers. But unfortunately he seems to have no conscience at all or, at least, none to speak of, and, what is still worse, he has little or no fear. When the Sparrow Destruction Act of 188!) was passed he may perhaps have fo}t scared for a. time, as lie sometimes is when he . sees the .enraged proprietor of a garden with a shotgun. But in this case the gun was not loaded. In other words, the permissive clauses of the Act alone were brought into operation, and no execution whatever was done among the ranks of the marauders. Nor can it reasonably be wondered at that such should have been the case. The boun daries of Municipalities and District Councils may he very clearly marked on the map; but the sparrow disre gards all such artidcial restraints, and wanders from one Municipality to another according to his own sweet will. - One local authority acting singly would not have the ghost of a chance of ' eradicating the pest. - It was not to be expected that any one • District Council or Municipality would undertake to keep its own territory clear, and at the same time - to relieve its neighbours of nil the sparrows that might come from them. A crusade agaiust such a nuisance must be undertaken conjointly or not at all. The per missive clauses have had a fair trial, and they have proved quite ineffec tive. But the compulsory clause has now been brought into operation through the issuo of directions from the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The gun has been loaded, and the sparrow has need of all his cunning to take care of himself now. Funds for the campaign may not be readily forthcoming in the present straitened financial condition of the colony. Ratepayers who have no lot or interest in the fruitgrowing industry would look aghast if called upon to pay a special rate fur the purpose.of destroying his winged enemy. Plenty of reasons against any remedial measure can bo discovered by tbose who think that thoy will not be benefited by it and do not want to pay. Of course everyone who reflects at all on the matter knows that each, sparrow killed means so much fruit saved which would have been absolutely wasted, or so many grapes rescued for.profitable use in the production of wines or raisins, to say nothing of other horticultural products delivered from destruction. Sometimes it is even argued that the sparrow is a good ' friend to'the gardener and farmer because \- it destroys the locust. But then again the. : locust has his advocates who contend that he isof service in tlieeconomy of Nature. In short, if one were to listen to every class of enthusiast in natural history, as to the economic uses of birds and insects he would have plenty of reasons set before him to prove that all the so called enemies of mankind are friends in disguise. Each pest is said to destroy something lower in the scale of life on the principle that . Biefleas have little fleas upon their lege to bite 'em, Little' fleas have leaser fleas and so ad infinitum. !Biit' fortunately the District Councils' Association has discovered, with the : assistance' of legal advice, that there is 'no necessity for declaring a special rate in order to comply with the provisions of thB Aot.. The campaign need not be at all an .expensive,, one., and it is'not regarded as advisable to impose a special war tax. The professional advice referred to is to the effect that the expense may legally be defrayed out of the ordinary rates of Municipalities and. District Councils. The Treasurer pro mised on Tuesday, in reply to representa tions from the executive of the Associa tion, to urge that Government should supply poisoned wlif at toDiatrictCouncils, and ho seemed - to bo favourable eIbo to the proposal that it should be delivered at railway stations at cost price. This appears fair enough, considering that the work now to be undertaken is of a really national character. Bat on the other hand, when requested to set the law in motion agaiust local authorities for not destroying sparrows, the Trea surer adopted the non- committal attitude of the constable who is asked in a casual way to arrest some one and replies— " Well, if any of you gentlemen will lay an information ?" He does not wish to act-until some one makes a complaint. For many years past the District Councils have been under tbe impression that they knew how to destroy noxious weeds. This, it would now appear, has been a great mistake all along, as the Riverton Council has found out through the unpleasant experience of having to pay twelve guineas legal expenses. Physi cally, no doubt, they understood the operation of complying with the Act of 1862, but legally they did not. The district officer employed men to do the work instead of doing it him self ; hence the reversal of the decision of the Local Court and the triumphant assertion of the star thist'e to its right of survival. Generally if a public body is empowered , by certain legislation to do a specified act it may also direct a person in its employ to carry out the work. Presumably it would have been legal for the District Council of Riverton to have given instructions ' direct to the men who were actually to do the work. But a second delegation of the task was ultra vims. In Buch a highly technical argument it would bo unsafe to predicate that this represents the exact state of the case. But, at any rate, the decision seems to leave no other reason able conclusion open. The Judges were not unanimous on the points argued out a couple of weeks ago, and it is plain that very subtle difficulties such as the legal mind rojoioes in have been raised. The issue of the case, however, may possibly have some bearing on the methods to be adopted in giving directions for the destruction of sparrows. Are the District Councils to be liable to prosecu tion for illegal expeudiiure unless they give direct instructions to all the small boys who may be engaged in collecting eggs and heads ? If so the meetings of the Councils had bettor be adjourned to the schoolhouses when sparrow destruc tion coines on for discussion. 