?3«oi-p|^qpif||lWiGifiiiBi^o^ i Ttffe' Dtibbdl!^ IDiiipcUch rJubliahbS-'tho 'fiillofllilti^ :^The account : recently pub lisHed!;'iri' thisJ jdtirridi regarding' 'the 'tdtiHifcatfi^io'ns'at' tho' residence of Mr: P^'Htyin fttfCo61biifcgiej'27 mile's from; 'Hn'i'iboi'^xdltOT'ihftoh1 cariosity Utid no ljttVa v!iirg\inient. ; The 'continuation 6i 'theOffdAifeatntiitiiii'tq the 'great aiihoy ajrice'ot thb family ,'iiiduced Mr. Jivcob Steiti, tn« eldest spn, to ' visit UubWon Sunaa^'liiirti, with;!a view to obtain such a'ssisfance' aS wbuld 'bring about a sbln tion'of the my.&'tery.' Mr. Stein called .at'this :ctffic6; 'arid' in the presence of 'several' well- fendwn' gentlemen, told a ihbst extraordtnai'y tale, bearing out in every; 'particular' what had been' pre viously published— showing, in fact, that it wiisr. 'drily a part of what had occurred ^ almost' continously since the1 Stein family have i been on the Cool baggie. But' in his' words we: will let liim tell His tide : ; What age are. you, Mr. Stein,' and how long have you been on the Cpol baggiel— ^Iain going on for 29 years, and with rny father and the rest of us, I came' here about four years ago. My father toolc up' one selection on South Bollodoran, and I took up the other. They are about' three miles apart. When did these annoyances first commence 1— From the- first day we went there. There was, I may tell you, an old hut on the ground when we took it up, and we heard noises there first. Then when the new house was built it commenced in earnest. It chucked candlesticks, 'furniture, and everything else about. It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see the dints in the dishes afterwards. It started to talk to us then, but since Father Kolger and Father Moylan were out it has not talked so much'.' Tt was quiet for some time after wards. Has it ever told you anything of its history? — Yes, it has often said that1 its mother and. sister were burned to death in/the hut. The. mother was ironing and her dress caught fire. It said that an aunt and uncle lived just across the creek, and the mother, when she was dying, gave £60 and a gold watch to the aunt, asking to keep them for her boy, and to take care of them. The uncle, a man named ? ? ; — , hit it ('the spirit) hpon the head with a- handle of a stockwhip, and left him for dead on the road. Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Stein ? — Well, one njght mother and I were in the room by the fire, and clods were pelted at us as if by some person in the fireplace. We looked and saw a strange figure. It had the body of a child, about five years old, and a most peculiar face, a whiteish beard on it. I 'went' to catch it and it disappeared. On another occasion I saw something like a hand coming over a box, and when I went to grasp it there was nothing. ? ', When you heard it talking did the things . movn about? — Yes, while it talked outside as it were, the furniture .and tlie other things would be knocked about inside. In fact, in four different places the racket would be going on. It used to catch the bedsteads and shake them violently, and while this was tak ing.place, a few yards away the crockery would be smashed. On one occasion it took up a crucifix which was in the .house and broke it to pieces, and flung the pieces in our faces. At another time some blessed candles were brought from Dubbo and were broken into bfts before us and .cast at us. The crucifix and the candles were quite uninjured a minute or two before, and without our seeing what was doing it they were pulled to pieces and cast at us. Was there any person outside the family in the house when these things were going on 1 — Yes ; why only the other day it attempted to set fire to the house in four different places, and it also set fire to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is now in Dubbo, and a Mr. Dwyer, who, with ; his son, was at the place at the time, making arrangements for the purchase from us of 1000 sheep. When did it appear last ? — On Friday and Saturday last it was very bad, and it took us all we could do to prevent it from burning the place down. We can smell like fire before we can see it, and the house will be on fire in four places at ; once, and the bedclothes and the articles of female apparel also burning. It has been suggested, Mr. Stein, that one of our family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for some of the manifes tations 1 — Whenever I hear this — and I have heard it several times — I get real ' narked.' I wish those who offer this solution had the thing tied round their necks. Then they would know if it were a ventriloquist. It is, I assure you, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my father and mother real mad. My opinion is that it is a live spirit possessed of the devil. Have you seen anything at any time other than you told us of ? — Well, on one occasion it came in the shape of a bear, got up the wall of the kitchen, and when we went to chase it away it disappeared ' in a white smoke. On another occasion a big mouse, about a foot long came on to the roof, and it mysteriously moved about. Again it took the shape of a kangaroo ; the other day a wallaby was near the house, and it would not move for my sisters. They tried to put the dogs oh it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their legs. My brother and I put two kan garoo dogs on to it, and it ran into the creek, and disappeared as if in the ground. The dogs came out on the 'other side looking terribly terrified, but there was no wallaby. That night it talked to us and said it could appear in any shape — that it was the wallaby which we were chasing. It said it could appear as a snake or a lizard, or in any shape it liked. It told us it was no use bringing out the priests. It said it would haunt and torment us not only while wo were on tho Coalbaggic, but would follow h:8 wherever f w& w«tt£T You said it talked to you very often? —Well, Ves J.but not very much during the last few months. It talks in two voices, and sometimes seems' sensible enough, while at other times it seems quite mad and uses' language'that } could hotrie- beii^en' by the ljWejft Sydney 'larrifeiri.' .It bidsus the' time of day, and when I remon'strated with it; for its actions it said it was only having a bit of fun. I once said to it that there. was not much fun in breaking crockery and knocking things about, and it told me it couldn't help it ; for when its mother canght fire it was taking some' crockery out and the shock was so great that it dropped it. Since then its favorite amusement has been breaking up the crockery. It has done from first to last £100 worth of damage, and you . may be sure that if it had been one of ourselves we would not waste money like that. Not long since it went into the kitchen, and in the presence of three or four persons, took down the frying pan, put it on the fire, and put six eggs' in it. The frying pan could be seen moving, arid the eggs put in it, but the agency which moved it could not be seen. It is no wonder that we are scared when these things are done. Even the dogs know when it is about. You can hear it talk ing to them, arid they look in mortal dread, their hair standing up arid their eyes bulging out of their heads. It talks in two voices, and sometimes so loudly that it ought to be heard a mile away. Does it ever sing, and are the songs up to date ? — Yes, it sings and seems to know all sorts of songs. Two in partic ular it seems to be fond of — ' The banks of the Clyde,' and ' The ship that never returned.' The last one it sings pretty well, but it is quite horrid to hear it sing the former. It is horrible, and it is quite sickening. It does not trouble me at my selection as much as it does at my father's place. It sometimes comes and takes my tools when I am at work and plants them. I find them after wards, however. We are about full of it. The family will come into Dubbo, and then it can bash away. Do you suspect any of the neighbours of being concerned %— No, we are on the best of terms with everyone, and the nearest neighbour lives three miles away. I really have no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I believe that it is a live spirit, possessed of the devil, and having the power of making itself in visible. Why, the other night when we (Were praying it lifted up the table towards the ceiling, there were present my father and mother and four of my sisters. Not one of them touched the table, but it went up just the same. 