christ church. The interior of the sacred edifice had been prettily decorated with flowers and foliage, especially tbe altar, pulpit and lectern, by some of the ladies of tbe eongtegation. Tbe services both morning and evening were fall clioraL and tbe cleigy were tfaeves. Archdeacon Cooper md tbe Rev. E. H. D ivies. Lirge congrega- , ttons attended the Easter services, the cbnrch beiog crowded on each oocriutu In the morning the Archdeacon preached the sermon, taking his text from the 28th chapter of the Gospel of St, Matthew, part of verse 6, , "He is riseu." On Friday last believing 1 1 Christians bad spent hours at the foot of the ' Cross remembeiiog the agonies their Savioar had suffeted for them, and now they stood at the grave. Most people were acquainted with tbe amotions which ma&t; bare filled the hearts of those women who, on that early Sabbath morning, bad stood at ths grave of their beloved Master. Their souls bad been harrowed by the tenible events of the last few days, and hope had fled from their hearts. There would be no bops for ns in this world nor in the next, ay, there wonld be no o'her world if Christ had not risen. The hearts of the disciples had been filled with ntter despair, but let them look into that tomb where Christ had been laid a few hours before ; let them look into that tamb now and tbey would see the shattered sceptre of death's kingdom. The head that bad been crowned with thorns was crowned with glory now, for " He is riaeo." The Rev. E. H. Davis preached the evening sermon, choosing for his text the words given in tbe 29th chspter of St. John's Gospel, verse 19, Then the iaiha dav flf. AVAnincr heinv iVia 1 day of the -week, when the doors were abnt where the disriplea were assembled for fear of " the Jews, came Jesus and stood in tbe midst and aritb unto them, peace be unto you." It would he difficult for us to picture tbe feelings of the disciples on that first day of the week. We were so used to hearing and reading of the resurrection of Christ that we conld not enter into their feeling of Qtter despair when they realised that He whom they had loved and trusted was then no more. And in addition to this feeling of desolntion there was that of fear, for they had been threatened by tbe Jews and had to meet with closed doors. Their . was unrelieved by the slightest ray of light. Bnt what a change was in store for tfaem, for while tbey were still lamenting their Master suddenly appeared in the midst of them, greet- tbem with tbe words, " Peace be noto you." In Eastern countries the words bad generally no ipecial meaning, beiog tbe ordinary saluta tion, but with Him they formed the message he was bringing them, the message of peace. With all of ns there was an undercurrent of unrest, errors of the past continually recurred to our memory and disqeietened as, like Bsnco's ghost, and a troubled conscience made cowards of us a'L And what was more dia metrically opposed to cowardice than peace ? Another chief reason of our spiritual unrest was the apprehension of future ill. Tbe peace our Lord proclaimed to as was tbe peace tbroogh the forgiveness of sin. Sra was a large term, bnt forgiveness was, thank God, much larger. Pardon, reconciliation and hope were sufficient to bring to every weary heart tbe salutation of oar risen Lord — " Peace be onto yon." 