THE DYING PARLIAMENT. THE STORT OF THE SEBSIOH. Everyman's life, so Mr Barriessys, is a diary, in which one proposes to write a certain story.- ond actually writes quite another. Every Ministry's life, he might have said, if there bad been politics in Thrums, is a book with one policy on its title-page and other in its leaves. Not the Dibbs, or the Parkes, or any other kind particularly, but all kinds. Circumstances are things neither Ministries nor individuals have control over, and the policy put forward never so alluringly is hard to stick to. No doubt Sir George Dibbs and his colleagues have found that out: if they haven't the country has. What changings aDd choppings b»ve been seen since, in October, 1891, when. Sir Henry Parkes having resigned because the House refused him the adjournment of a debate. Sir George Dibbs ; came in, "like a thief in the night," as he said himself, with a Government the individual strength of which surprised everyoae, and hope told him a flattering tale ! At that time Mr Reid was on the fence, making much capital at the Protes.'ant-hall as an opponent of the particular sort of federation then proponed ; and Mr Barton, having denounced Sir George Dibbs as a daily conundrum whom everyone gave up, figured in support of the Parkes Government on the motion that put them out and brought 'him in. Now, Mr Barton, after a term of service noder Sir George Dibbs, and a, teerful JonabV eeverance, is a sort of power behind bis throne. Mr Reid is the leader of freetraders, who have all but got him into office once or twice. Sir Henry Parkes, eret the Colossus of tbi political world, sits lonely on the horse-shoe bend ; and Sir George Dibbs, who was regarded as a republican not unconnected with deficits and bunglings, is on the box seat as an Imperialist and a nan with backbone. The labour party, too, who eame in when this Parliament was new, and announced their inten- tion of giving support for concessions,of squeezing Governments »o ,that me masses might get more of the leisure, the treasure, and the pleasure of life hitherto monopolised by plutocrats—they have Gut their wisdom teeth. One remember? She things they were pledged to—federation, nor on Imperialistic lines; an eight hours' day, a Department of Labour; elective magistrates; taxation of the unearned increment f regulation ol, factories and workshops, and of coalmines; abolition of the plural vote; colonial execution of Government contracts; and ever so many more reforms. Then the "democratic party."' after the labour split, who went in for these things in conjunction with the abolition of pensions, a land bill, and go on. These are for the most part mere ghosts of a disappointing past, spectres that never assumed bodily form, and only last to-mock the trusting electors who thought the labour members had but to smite the rosk for milk and honey to gush out. 'J hen what a bewitching song Sir George E>ihb* 98DG at the time when he told the Wagga electors how Mr Slatterv would make the Mines Department hum. He held to protection, and would enforce it; favoured borrowing only for permanent or reproductive works, doing o'.hera out of revesue: and- shouted for local government, taxation of unimproved land values, courts of conciliation and arbitration, law reform, regulation of coal-mines, and—" next year "—federation. However, men's ideals, political or otherwise, are always ahead of them, and though labour members and Ministers may have failed to reach the promiFed land, yet the Jfarliament has done the State some service. We have to remember, too. that its lines have been laid in troublous times. Members were barely started on their reforming cruaade when financial institutions began to tumble about their ears, and the domi Dating- necessity of the time was legislation to relieve many people from the pressure of tight places. The Bank Issn. Act, Current Depositors Act, Joint Stock Companies Arrangement Act. and Bank Notes Act, make up a very fair testimonial to the occasional uses of a Legislature. What hast his Parliamentdone? Besides the measure just alluded to, it ba9 in tbe first place levied a Customs tariff, the paternity of which is now universally repudiated, the incidence of which is so fearful that Sir Julian Salomons, who helped to impose it, is debarred by its penalties from bringing works of art from Europe^ But some things may be accounted to the Dibbs Govern stent for righteousness, such ai tbe completion of the Sydney Hospital, the Trades Disputes Conciliation and Arbitration Act. the Funded Stock Act, and the Noxious Trades Act. Under its auspices Parliament passed sn b lectoral Actr which, though it produced a tremendous, and as yet unexhausted, crop of difficulties at least satisfied the clamour for one man one vote. The initiation of a funded stock scheme is another of the Parliament's products, and so is the establishof labour settlements of the experimental kind. Then there • are local government in respect to Tine diseases, a new basis for tbe Hunter River district water aopply, amended law for the eustody of children, and other achievements of less importance. But a tax on unimproved land values, local government, law jeform, and federation, four planks that ought to have beenjregarded as vital, are as far off as ever. Taxing land the Government have never tried, except in connection with a local Government Bill that pined and died in tbe nursery. Apart from Customs taxes, their only serious fiscal effort was an income tax, which tbe Council rejected with little ado, and rece'Ted the thanks of tne Premier in his cooler moments. The well-hcralJed "ear-marking" scheme came to nothing. Federation, after being dangled before the people as the apology for Mr Barton's Ministerial life, was manifest!} out of the question —if it had ever been in—when Mr Barton and Mr R, E. O'Connor retired as a result of tbe Government being condemned for their acceptance of briefs for the plaintiff in Proudfoot v. the Railway Commissioners; and indeed, the subject was never properly approached, except by the Council. Coal mines regulation has been •topped by the Council; and «s to law reform, which Mr Reid used to be so strong on, it has never been more than an impalpable theory, except that an honorary Royal Commission is now presumed to be wrestling with it. A man does not realise until he reaehes middle age how impotent Parliament really is. say» Air • Arnold White. Once realised, however, it will be nnderstood why ttie labour members have nut »et the Thames afire. The story of their split on the fiscal question after they bad agreed to "squeeze" the Parkes Government in ancient history. It needn't be gone into, except to the extent that out of it the history of the Parliament is principally made. They severed into two parties pretty nearly equal, and thus gave the Government the balance of power. Fmm pro tectinn enforced through the Customs, etc , by Mr Lyne. in support of local manuficturers. the Government went on, surviving shock*, threading their way through many ihoals, and now and again alt bat branding, until they pot the new Electoral Act and proclaimed the old one out of court, so that Parliament might be said to be no longer in tnucl) with (he people. Because there could thu9 he no elections, the Government remained in < ffi-?e after they were fairly beaten ust December, and Mr Barton and Mr O'Connor went overboard. And on the other hand, suppose he labour section (which h«s generally been •olid on labour questions) hail lived in unity. • lie probability is that the;' would have supported •i Government no better than this one, or arrayed the anti-labour section more formidably against them. In an unwieldy, talkative Parliament lite this, where the professional politician blooms r<>«nlendent, anything might happen. —Sydney Telegraph. 