NEWOLOGIES: I--CHRISTADELHPIAN. To tdh Editor oJ h?e Queet!alnd Tiioeo. mllI,-Christadelphienism, usually much re. o red, has been recently drawn into much evi. dence on late religious developments . The 1t, i m, '.ell bsrberd with trxe., i.RtrS the "Pr+a, clL discard Origen, and such like, and to I read the faith as I nod in Jesus against all theological humbug." Brave words these. But what is theological humbug, anyway ? F r, ,~emou--why all persuasions must prop their ',,cts with texts in which there is little diffi culty ; for, as Shakespeare says, " What error is there but some sober brow will bless and seal it with a text, 'and thus making all others look like humbugs. Outsiders are only left a choice of humbugs. A Buchanan, Spurgeon, or Orr may cheer and nucleus their own isms, but don't absorb the self-sufficient others. Al mighty Stead has not yet looked like success in his creed-absorbing attempt, neither has the great vulpuk speech yet displaced a tongue. Our Christadelphianism has such ready and opt commands of texts, offensive and defensive, that it is severely let alone, which makes me feel foolhardyish. Had It, as other isms, larger sterling support, it would form a very influential visible Church. Some passages relative to early Christian assemblies now fit before me as apropos to this sturdy select little Church. The mirror I hold up to it. not one of whose members I personally know, will be as true to the life as I can respectfully manage. I have no right to offend any opinion till it challengingly meets mine, unless when record. ing realisms for history. those are my abiding sentiments habits, and apology. GLORIOUS DISCARDED ORIGEN. Our ism holding man subject to sin and death, fairly singles out Origen for its discard, he, great man, being reputed as not holding to the seed sin called original, which sin alone contains the logic of one great Christian sin. offering of Calvary. For all must have sinoed to be all saved, and none to be independent of Chrint's saving. Not that there was in Christ's death any value aboove His birth, temptation, baptlsm, or any of His other works or wills, but as a matter of pre ordination. Pelegius, a Briton or Scot, ridiculed by St. Jerome as porridge-eater, was another prominent early non-original sinner, about 200 years after Origen, who was born about 185. Perhaps more than other mortal, Origen was anti- humbug. Before nineteen he was master of the then known sciences. Like some rare prodigious intellects he seemed self luminant. His genius courted wisdom and virtue rather than any form of self-seeking. Son of the martyr Leonides, he made himself a eunuch for Christ's sake, and as an angel lived above suspicion of concupiscence. He wrote out the Bible several times in several forms in several languages, page against page, and, by special fitness and appointment, expounded Scrptulre in Alexandria (then the Athens of intellect) and in Caesarea. What glorious minds those old Greeks developed. He was an intellectual and moral excelleee. In his boyhood while he slept his noble father would approach him to kiss his bosom as the living shrine of sacred science, innocence, and moral worth. He was uniquely excellent and gifted, and therefore incomparable -a credit to our nature and its Artificer. But our Christian brethren here discard him !!! It not saved, Christian salvation has inexplicable repugnances, or lapses of force, or else Origen had some original refrectoriness unseen of men. Be rests now subjudice as to tenet and salvation, but not as to a pure, noble, and useful life. It vexes—an ass's kick so our departed king man. The Christadelphians (according to name, the uterine brothers and sisters of Christ) have achieved some notable things. They claim the deicide of other isms God the Son and God the Holy Ghost, as do Arians and Unitarians, and the squash of eternal torments, Their saviour is from a Virgin Mother by a Divine wrought incarnation. The Hindoo-ologies have also Divine incarnations, and Greek mythology abounds with them, but without any notion of human redemption or sublima tion exept a personal partiality of the gods, Such incarnation is literally a Divine concep. tion variously treated by human record. The Christadelphians hold to Christ-saved humans, the unsaved being, in turn animated dust on probation, then by death returned to dust, then by judgment recalled to life for punish ment and finally dust. It seems Divinely petty to recal from dust for a short spleen. The unsaved slighted Christ's Atonement, and were allowed to perish. The Atonement not saving them or judging them forthwith might, with their great forfeits as penalty, let them be. Hell as a motive to accept the Saviour failing, shows present lIfe to be bet a reprieve from doom,and heaven or hell alternative neosclties. But a short hell isn't much of a thing unless its shortening (nowhere so ascribed) be due to Christ. Like most persuasions, the Christ- adelphians find other isms in conflict with Scripture texts ; yet many o those, without compliment or salute, are drifting into the quiest stream of Christadelphian tenets. On contrasting the isms, we fled that texts of vital import to some are being by others whitled away, or strained by erudition, or figurative, spiritual, or literal interpretations, to something very different from the renderings of opponent lame. These differences who will heal? Texts being so variously accommodat ing, it is hard to decide whether this be from a homan or Divine characteristic. Some heathen oracles were also than accommodating to their consultors. Much decision depends on whether many texts are not designed stumbling-blocks (as Scriptureally intimated, and thus a strong predestination argument), or whether con- sciences, as our desires, passions, and senses are not diversely and defectively constituted, thus proving Scripture an edged tool dangerous to handle. THE OPEN BOOK ON HELL. The Old Testament is little in evidence as to man's interests or fate in the spirit world. The reality and duration of hell-fire now attract much Church attention. By the fire's everlasting yea for torment, the Spurgeon Bap- tists warmly stand; the other Baptists by various sized nays; and so with other Churches. It a recent letter our Christadelphians annihi- lated some hell without apparently troubling to demolish the hell of Matthew zg., t, 46; Mark is., 42. 48 ; Revelations xir., 11, zx., 10, xzi., 8, &o;, The heathen, before the Christian, had abodee of torments for departed mortals. Sentiment and great bell-wether opinions cannot avail against these texts till the Book ceases to be a court of appeal, by the passages being proved forgeries or containing contraband of revelation. Up to this, the Book has been at the tiptop of Church hear. say, whence persuasions various say- soes flow, one persuasion alone holding that not she from the Book, but the Book from her comes, and logically claims by unwritten and then written hearsay or tradition its issue and its warrant to infallibly say so (even to Scripture books and sense) from God the Son made man, its Church founder and keeper. The reach of this its logic over opinion and condnct makes this Church a dreaded stumbling-block, for her sway is so far-reaching. She marches to de cisions leaden-shod, and claiming infallibility in morals and dogmas convicted of error in either she falls forthwith and great the fall there with. Now, as to her hell, who will go down there and bring evidence, or await the Christa delphian far-off and short-lived one ? The Jewish books tend themselves almost unreluctantly to our Christadelphians, being strangely heavenless and hell less, and there. fore soulless, saintless, and devil less. Leaving out the two passages in Tobias and Machabees as books objected to, and the last verse of Isaiah as incongruous unless figurative, we only meet the following few exceptional.looking passages to man's being merely mortal--Enoch walked away with God, and Eliu was charioted heavenwards (the fiery chariot must have been only a ghostly show to Eliseus). The Romans also have their Goddess-talker, Numa, and their Heaven-wrapt Elias. Romulus. A witch called up the ghost of Samuel for King Saul, who only heard whom the witch described. Of course, it is incredible that a charming woman, young or old, could get at will by any mummeries Divine passports for any soul. Hence, 'twas either a conjuring trick or demonry. Job instances Satan on a free world-tour, and give one resurrection passage. This Satan was able to slip in among the sons of God who had come to stand before the throne. Ho boldly argued with ad suggeoted to God. and got permit to afflict Job and his belongings and to boss great causes. This incident and God in a long whirlwind talking a long discourse indicate metaphor. The sons of God might be angels often men tioned and sometimes personating God, but no where accunted for in creation any more than Satan. GHOSTS Our ghost or spirit lore implies blasphemy, for only God's aid could embody and realise our dead to us in their queer doings, and with such we cannot associate Him. They also give the lie to heaven, hell, and purgatory, as their escapees or specimens on furlough by Divine help or connivance, unless they be free demons, male and female, of very erratic, deceptive, and silly kinds. In the Sydney papers re cently. Father Renstel quoted Tertullian of Origen times testifying as of modern spiritism, mesmerism, or hypnotism divination or devil possession--' Your magicians evoke phantons, question the souls of the dead in sacrilegious apparitions, try to draw oracles from the lips of a child, work wonders in a circle, and plunge at will their victims into sleep, This they do by the help of demons, when around their dining-tables.' New Testament passages broadly hint at like doings. Thus there seems nothing new under the sun. In short, while the Old Testament deals exclu sively in temporal rewards and punishment,the New is full of spiritual, bursting on us like starlight first on earth, with angel guardians, saints, devils, souls, saved and lost, reprobate humans, a gorgeous heaven, and everlasting hell-fires, with the resurrection of the body, denied by the Sadducees. The differences of the Testaments produced very early heretics who held the God of the Jew another from the Christian. On all which our various ren derings prove all private judgment on Scripture to be freethought with or without a persuasion name, that revelation means well-kept keepers, or tatters with the license of the Judge times, when everyone did what seemed right to him. self. We must side with rationalism or au thority ! OUR HELLISMS. The Christadelphian. One finds in Ipswich Christ's own kin, Both men and women purged of sin; But all alike in death shall rot, Till back to life all rots be brought, That Christ may hold his judge review, And saints from sinners take adieu. Then Christ to endless bliss shall go; All others unto short-lived woe; And earth shall miss but that small dust That forms in bliss the upper crust. Thus ends salvation's much ado, And thus this ism's book-wise few. The Presbyterian. Fleet, mitred pomps vexed Scotia's soul; Next Knoxes played her stark saint role; Now Calvins solemn Kirkmen yell Crack Buchanan shakes the gates of hell Gates which ages kirks and fiends defend. Great Scot ! a noble bell guard blend ! But hells around us all about They don't redeem from or fire out; Our fatted passions are their gates, Our chested fellows their inmates, And honest cheer their happy end Here, Saviour- souls prove lost souls friend. The Puritan. '' Arrived in RBobury, oh I prolaone I I there bebeld a Puritan Ia pioes rage haong up his eat, For eatching on Lord's Day a rat." Most melancholy parody Ia this infernal sanctity, Of parable the Saviour set, To how and why forgive a debt. But to the alesk toecting man The Saviour done the Puritan, And all bie just will gladly see, The crusher crushed Christ vengefully. ke Catholic. Christ issned trained and faithfull men To iseae same eaob age agaio. 'Tis Gbrist's what is begot of them, 'Tie anti-Christ'e what they condeme, Whate'er they sty of Christ or Book, As very Onspel mast be took. For Christ's anonated must be heard An Ohrist, God's own anointed Word. One false fool word esoaped their line Pro?ves tet and esober non-Divios Then prsvates ooneoienooe retakes away And speeds their hell and heaven away. The Freethought. The God thought- gendered Him we preach, As Job and friends in lofty speech; Our roles and genies fashion Him, He is the ereature of their whim. Our humours give the law to God, He hells and heavens at our nod ; We traffic in Him as in gold, Our portraits of Him are Church sold ; When conscience needs be set at ease, It fees a taet for Godappease; An ism hell or heaven crams, And God to order saves and damns. Yours, &e..; J. J. MURPHY. 