REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. XXXII. BY DANIEL MERINGTON. In hands of the police, at Robinson Crusoe, when assured that no harm was meant him, this juvenile “missing link” evolved into one of the smartest, handiest, most mirth-provok- ing boys we had ever known. With little persuasion, he turned up almost all the stolen articles of value, our gun, watch and writing case included. Troopers Harding and Chamberlain (than whom, no more gallant, gentlemanly follows crossed saddle) adopted the lad, making him their groom and valet do cbambre, teaching him the “rudiments" in spare hours, and training him to run, wrestle, box and jump. (Harding was a splendid athlete and the best sprinter on Bendigo. He beat Ganley’s blackfellow and ran Tommy Moran to a head in a hundred yards spin, starting untrained and in trooper’s boots, an achievement which cost him a stake of £200.) The lad would do anything for his protectors —and steal everything he could lay hands on and carry away! They could not break him of this amiable eccentricity. Like the present Earl of Derby, last of the Stanley’s, who was expelled from Harrow for robbing his schoolmates’ desks and, as a grown man, stole Lady X's diamonds from her room in his father's house—this young Antolycus, from pure cussedness, “acquisitionod” all be fore him. As H. J. Byron, burlesquing the "Corsair" says of his hero : “ Where’er he sees Upon the seas, He seizes on it— so, from a trooper's saddle to a constable’s baton, did this “wild colonial boy,” magpie like, bear off and “plant” the spolia opium of Robinson Crusoe police camp. I remember that, one morning, Chamberlain, in mufti, hailed our camp. He had a day’s leave and was going to purchase agricultural land at a sale in the township, and, after a chat, trotted Bendigowards. Ten minutes later we saw him galloping back, “ventre a terre, shool for leather.” Anon he rejoined us, breathless and jubilant; “Boys, boys ; what an escape! I had left my pocket book on the dressing table with six hundred lovely John Dunns inside it ; when I got back the boy was just going in to clean up our tent!” (Curious, as I have noticed before, how a policeman’s daily ten bob would accrete under judicious management.) What, I wonder, has been the subsequent career of that son of an ancestry of London thieves? Would he resolve into a Liberal Unionist Secretary for the colonies, destined to determine policies of annexation, or has Pentridge claimed him as its permanent guest? Colonel Anderson, in his charming “Recol lections of Old Melbourne" has told us that the pretty, curly- headed child, whom he lifted from between the hind-legs of a vicious mare, developed into the N.S.W. bandit, Gardener ; and has expressed regret that his steed did not “play up,” as per usual. Would Stock man Harry’s suggested damper, strychnine powdered, have been altogether misapplied, in our case? Up in the mountains, 30 years ago, an infantile family of three (the youngest at the breast) wore, left motherless. Their father (I refrain from names, but he was a Bendigonian), was a decent, honest man, free from reproach. Kind friends adopted the children, separately. The oldest boy, at thirteen, was a bright, clever lad of most engaging manners—and an incorrigible thief. The little girl, at three years old, was “of the kingdom of heaven” in childish beauty, innocence and utter loveliness. Her foster mother, with whom I lodged, doted upon the little dimpled cherub, more than as one of her own womb and travail. I lifted the corpse of that wee darling from a deep well which had been the repository of her unnumbered thefts from bedroom, kitchen, bar and till! Poor Mrs B was inconsolable ; she had known of the child’s idiosyncrasy, dating from the period when she could crawl away to a hiding place with her spoils. Strange was it not? In these latter cases there was no sug gestion of inherited vice. * At one of our Criterion scapaqs, Dr Stewart —Arctic explorer'under Sir John Franklin, scholar,/gentlemap.and confirmed gyhmopho hist - hold forth fen the subject,' of “ Woman and her attributes,” With reservation con cerning our mothers, daughters and sisters, but with no .exception of. our cousins and our aunts, he maintained’that the natural woman, in her physical inferiority to raitr-was. instinc tively and of necessity a liar and a thief. The bold, bad man further affirmed that the pro creative destiny of humanity’s fairer half instigated fye, fye nautincSs far- transending that of the male animal. Of course, wo all sat upon and crushed the vile trnduoor of our best girls, bub the subtle logic of the medical mephistopboles carried poisonous doubt into more than one breast among those who find listened to his fairly-argued fallacies. A week later, little Sparkcs, the stationer and librarian, approached mo, gloomily : “Ever thought much about what the Doctor told us the other night, Dan ?” “Not much, why ?” “I’ve thought a good deal about it. 1 can’t say much about the first and third attributes ; no men are pretty able bodied liars, and there’s not much of St. Anthony about the most of us, bub as for "number two—well, I’ve lost half a dozen of my host customers in proving that he’s just about right, and no mistake.” (I have already mentioned that the precincts of Sparkos’s promises, our Beehive of the time, from ton till two wore after £hat hour loft sacred for the shopping and book exchang ing female .element ) “ As soon ns - you wore all gone, throe days since, I golfttinod a sovereign on the underside of the glass show ease—of course it seemed to bo lying loose on top—and waited for events. They came soon enough. Every woman of the first half dozen dropped her handkerchief on top of that melancholy “ quid” and ask for a book or some other article on the shelf behind me. Then, whoa I turned, oamo the sweep and tho sell. I could see it in tho mirror, you know. Nob ono of them bought anything or has corao in since; they go to Ashley’s now, for what thoy want in my line,” Thus the Pall Mall Diogpnos who searched for an honest woman, with a bogus ooin, torvod him right; not ono of those Indies who would not' havo ren dered up tho glittering bait to its treacherous owner, with a smiling jest at tho carelessness with -which “you gentlemen leave your money about.” (Lord forgive mol) Merry, jolly litilo Spsrkos I Heavy on my soul lies (ho responsibility, shared with your self and many others of our reckless, feckless, spendthrift lot, of bringing about your finan cial downfall. Doing a splendid business, in the best position in Sandhurst, liked by everybody, dapper, brisk, alert and polite—a very squire of dames (o the beauty and fashion which crowded your mart-you might have re tired from business, in tbe prime of manhood with an independent fortune, 'hpd you bub shunned ourselves and our evil ways ! Young, Harcourt, seven times seventy assistant friends, quorum, Bbeu I pars fui, conspired to rain that “ decent, serious good .young man, " Practical jokes, at which none laughed more heartily (ban himself, were played oil in hid shop which drove away his customers, never to return. The eager searcher, through bis shelves, .for the second volume of Borao thril ling romance would bo overwhelmed by the sudden descent of a score or more volumes cunningly arranged to fall at a touch. Dainty lace fringed valentines, breathing devotion and' constancy, would bo interspersed with ribald.and grotesque improprieties; jaoku-in tbe box, unscrewed by fond parents for tho delectation: of their infant brood, revealed j,apd .. ghosts of blood freezing ghastliness. Those improvements and altera tions Would '.bo .effected by one portion of tormentors while others took the little man to the Shamrock and.’ plied him with, shout upon shout, queer stories and epigrams , till full time for their operations haa been afforded tboir partners in villainy. Sparko*, as by ooronial verdict, was “ found drowned” in the, Murray. Some of his inti mates near and afar shook their beads and muttered .“Nemesis." Those remembered the oft quoted dictum of tho bitterly wise French man 11 Cboroboz la femme. ” (Is (bore not a woman at the bottom' of every mystery—not oven excepting the boarding bouse bash?) These could tell of an erring woman in a far off land, of a vengeful husband! who had tracked the destroyer : of his marital -piece half round the. world, and had sworn to find him disguised- though ho might bo in name, com plexion' and apparent ago; and ; these men said: “Vengeance bath oome at lasV-” Files of our Sandhurst journals reveal, under date of some twenty flvorycars back, that Thomas Tompkins, be whom' I, rescued from clutches of the. police, returned to Ben digo and “played it dow ( n ' low" on the authorities of'the- Bo>ovolont Asylum. The last I .saw of Tom was. keeping a licensed house on Myers' Crook in the rush ot ’6O. Dr O'Doonoll bad picked "me up and'driven mo out of the creek, .bis patient there was Mrs Tompkins, the blushing but mature bride of -eight years previous; known in her pro matronhood as the “Derwent, Duck." She “ had ’em again” and epakes were prevalent in her boots. X assisted the dodto'r in hdmihis* toriog a doso of chloroform of olopllantlno ' proportion. Returning to tho bar, gasping and breathless from tho lengthy period of non* J halation onforood upon us, Tom enquired; “How’s tho old woman, doctor?” “She wont trouble you for a while Tom. I’ve just given her the biggest doso I over used on a human boin{£. Lvon as bo spoke* a white draped, emaciated figure, grisly as Lazarus newly ovoked from the tomb, appeared at tho inner door; dnd from tho cavernous jaws of the apparition issued the squeaking appeal: “give I j us a bottle of gin, Tom; I’m dyin’ for a I drink.” Tom gave her tho bottle, O’Donnell I turned and fled. Tho story goes that Tompkins, returning from the bush with a fair cheque, about ton years later, bethought him that bo bad done work enough, during tho last sixty years, to have earned repose for bis remaining days. Neatly dressed in working roan’s array bo visited tho Asylum, expressing-a desire to inspect tho institution and contribute to its funds. “I’m a busbman you see, Mr Dorman, and I’ve got a bit of money; I don’t drink or spree, like most of us, (Ibis was strictly true) and I’d like to help on a deservin’ affair of this kind."i Dorman < was delighted. Ho showed the visitor around and explained among other j things, that a donation of ton pounds entailed a life governorship entitling nomination of an inmate of the Asylum. To all this Tompkins lent a willing oar, finally planting down tho tonnor, amid effusions of gratitude from tho superintendent. Paragraphs in next .morn. iilg’s papers highly eulogised our generous Tdra add pointed tho incident as an object lesson for diggers add busbmon, on whoso behalf in tboir decadence, tho Asylum had been instituted ; let them take example and do likewise. At tho next ensuing mooting of tho executive, tho newly qualified took his scat; chairman warmly complimenting him, and a nomination being conceded on his behalf. Modestly hut firmly, in plain though untaught speech ho exorcised his elective power in favor of Thomas Tompkins! Is this yarn true? Tell mo oh! Crofts J. D, Shako off thy oeromcnls. Oh ! shade .of my old friend and pleasant companion Dorman, and testify. So non o vero o ben trovato. ” Peter Curran, of the prospectors, Morning Star reef, Wood’s Point, was a typical mer cantile Jack Tar, In early crushmgs of the world famed claim (one half whereof was once my own) when Peter touched his “divoy,” tho bnmlet bummed and the welkin rang. Bummers revelled in free drinks while the gay and festive loafer, batless, slipshod and tattered by hasty preparation, breasted tho bar in full assuranco of thirst assuaged and a now suit at the bands of the generous and spendthrift sailor. On one such occasion, with funds run out, Peter sold his share to Tim Harley, .landlord of the pub, for £1200. Tho sale was perfectly legitimate, tho price about market value and paid, in cash, and in pre sence of two justices of the peace who testified I to the fitness tor business of the vendor*. j When Colin MoDdugdl, managing partner of tho came to hear of this transac tion, ho was furious, Peter was almost as a son to him ; ttys share sold was. intrinsically worth fifty times the amount of its purchase money. He was a man of action and, deter mined to recover tho birthright which this foolish Esau bad sold for a mess of (liquid) pottage, ho straightway faced tho enemy After preliminary skirmishing, Mac opened fire with bis heavy oidnance: “Look here, Hurley, if you insist on keeping that share and robbing a poor young fellow who has loft hundreds or pounds in your house, hero’s what I’ll do; just now I’vo got 100 wagoa men on tho claim, that number will bo doubled shortly. There will bo as many more on tho Loch Fyne and Fern Tree. Any one of those known to cross your doorstop will bo sacked straight away. More than that, you know I’ve got money. As Heaven’s my judge, I’ll put up a house alongside you, and sell drinks at two pence a nobbier. Hand over that. transfer—here’s your £1200—and you make of mo a friend who will help you in every possible way that I can ; now, what do you say?” Of course, Tim weakened and turned. up the deed of sale; equally, of course, and although within a few years he retired to his Tipperary estates with a nett £25,000, ho has not yet done cursing that weakness and the man who-brought-it-on. thdt *ddtb~ the” recovered share was vested.in MbDougall’s hands. Peter might squander freely to tho tune of, say, £100 per week. Now lind again bo might 'draw a thousand for a {rip to Melbourne. What were these driblets from an income of twenty or thirty thousand per annum while tho gold lasted? but tho right of sale was never ifiacocl in His hands till after his marriage with a good little woman who straightened up tho prodigal and with u firm though loving hand kept him square to tho last. On one of these Melbourne excursions, while yet celibate-“in mad premeditation, on tho spree”—Curran visited Sandridgo, cure of tho genial, erratic and hardly-ovongolistic Bov Platts, who, on previous visits to Wood’s Point, had bled our hero freely on behalf of tho Seamen’s mission. Here, with tho salt sea-smell in his nostrils and surrounded by brother shellbacks, Peter lot himself go—and ho went. Into the Bay View Hotel where ho caroused onmo the i collector for tho Seamen’s Homo, emptying tho threopennies and brass buttons from tho | collection box on tho counter, and soliciting donations from tho mariners around. “Sailor’s Homo! (have ft drink, old man); same ns they’ve in Blackwall. Why, of 1 course. Look hero, mate, I ain’t quite sober just now but I’m going to sleep hero to-night, Como up in tho morning, and I’ll givo you a cheque for £500.” A nudge from the landlord stopped tho collector from declaring his pre ference for a modest fiver down, and ho re tired. Next morning at ten o’clock ho was shown up to Peter’s bedroom. “Hullo ! mate, is that you? Ring tho boll for drinks, please. I’m a bit shaky, but I’ll bo able to sign, after I’ve had a nip. There’s tho cheque book and pen and ink on tho tabic. Fill up tho form when you’ve had your drink.” Tho half-dazed and wholly dubious visitor, dreading a honx and yet hoping a possible ton pounds sub, filled in the date and name of payee. “Er, or, how nmol) am 1 to say, Mr Curran?” “Mr bo-blcst; my name’s Peter. Why, what tho hlanky blank did I toll you, lust night? Five hundred pounds. Do you think I’m not a hlanky man of my word?” Within time which broke all previous records, that cheque was presented, and duly honored: Ah! Peter, my son, you were doubtless an arrant young fool; but it would bo well for us all if the world’s rich prizes over fell into hands ns unselfish and free-scattering ns yours ! (TO BE CONTINUED.) Fighting tuk Czar’s Hound.— One of the most striking figures in the Russian palace at GHsohina is tho g-eat Danish hound that stretches its powerful frame in tho hall leading to the private apart ments of tho la*;o Czar. This dog, said to be tho largest of its species in tho world, was presented to tho Czarina some few years ego by her father, the King of Denmark. It is stated that the late Czar took a great liking to ihe animal from the moment of its arrival, and that ho never went on any prolonged journey without its company. Having but little confi dence in those about him, ho seemed to concentrate his whole faith in the dog as a guardian of unfailing fidelity and the dog apparently reciprocated tho attach ment. When Nihilist rumors wore rife, and documents of a threatening nature found their way to the very table of the Czar’s private cabinet, the autocrat of all the Russian permitted tho hound to sleep in tho hall adjoining his bedroom. For some unexplained reason the dog became very suspicious of one of the guardsmen, and growled continually when this man was put on duty as a sentinel in tho palace. Nothing was suspected of tho man, nevertheless an investigation was ordered; ' but nothing could be found against him, yet, in order to pacify the dog, ho was withdrawn from sentry duty. In the case of another sentinel it is said that tho hound leaped upon him and nearly tore him to the first time lie saw him. The Czar, hear ing the cries for help, wont to tho door of his aoartmeut and hastily called the dog, which obeyed his summons. The sentinel was found sadly lacerated, and the Czar directed that the injured man should bo cared for and compensated, but also ordered that he never bo per mitted to enter the palace again. Tho autocrat apparently had. faith in the judgment of the dog, whom ho had named Pet»r after the founder of Russia’s groat neas. 