ASD THIS IS ONE OP THEM. Theiie aro some truths tbatonght to be blown through a million speaking trumpets overy hour ; that ought to be printed in bitf typo on the front page of every newspaper; that ought to be painted on every Bignbonrd at tho cross roads ; that ought to be tunght in every sohool. Aud this is ono of thorn : [here it no cuch Ihtnij on earth as a tonit medicmt. Piioplo talk of ' tonics 'and doctors talk of ' tonios.' Pshaw) When a couutry ia dia-. covered in whioh no food stuffs are evor raised or imported, aud in which the men, womon aud ohildren aro all woll end hearty, wo may con clude they subsist, on tome Bort of ' Ionic' The anUchief this delusion about tonics has done is beyond calculation. It loads the siok to lean ou broken rcedi, to oxpoct relief from a sauroo from which it is Hin^ly impossible that roliof can come, to wasto money in buying ' touiCn,' and precious timo in waiting for thtso allogod ' tonics ' to work miracles. Mr. Thomas Foster, of 15 Chatham-place, Aueluide-gtraot, Hull, in an account of a decent illness says, among othor things, this : ' I thon tried s to muoh tonios,. but thoy did uie no pood.' . Supposo wo havo hin whole story, which is short, and make our comments on it after wards. Ho says i ' Up to tho month of June, 181)1, 1 was strong and healthy. At that time I foil into a low, weak condition. I felt languid and boavy, and was always tirod. I had a foul twite iu the mouth, and a dreadful pain in tho ghost and aides after outing, whilst my stomach was likt a burning Jim. I. was much troubled with wind, 'whiuh seemed to roll all ovw mo, and I had a constant belching ' aud rising in my throat. I was iu agony day and night, and for hours I walkod about tbo room rubbing my attest iu tho effort tq obtain relief. Iloata deal of Hloop, and felt worao t,irod in the morning than wheu I wont to bed. Uradually I becumo weaker and weaker until I had hard work to follow my etnployinout, for X itias in misery all tho timo. ; 'I want to a doctor, who sounded ino, and gavo me modioiues, but I got no roliof, nud after taking bis modiuines lor a mouth I lett off going to him. I then tried stomach tauten and othur inedicinen, bnt uothini; did mo' any good. In this state I aontinuad wuak aftor week, crowing more fooblo all tho wbilo. I fult that if 1 did not soon ilnd a remedy I* ' Iu Ootobor, 18'Jl, a book was loft nt my Iioubo telling of n modicino called Mother Soigol's Curativo Syrup, aud describing a' caxo liko mine that had been cured by it. As I hud often heard this medicine well spokon of, ' I made up my mind to try it, and got u bottlo from Mr. Cousins, in Aiiluby-road. After I had taken two dosus I felt grateful roliof, aud bofore 1 had quite finished tho bottle I was oomplotoly cured, and have since boon in the boBtof boalth. ' I thank Qod that this medicine was ever made known to me: Othorwiso I should havo been in hit grava beforo now. I will answer auyonowho may writo me coucoruiug tbo facts here set forth. Yours truly (SigueUJ Thomas Foster, 15 Chatham-place, Adelaide-street, Hull, MoToh a-t, iat)2.'f Kuw lot ua nog. Tbo symptoms of Mr. fouler s complaint aro easily reooguiaauie. ilo nufforod from indigoHtion and dyspepsia. The mbditiine- adimniaturod by his pbyaioiun|ur purchased by himsulf proved uuetens bjciuxo they woro not addrosnod to tbo diiimuu with which ho was actually ulllictud, but pusaibly to one or moro of its symptoma. Tu abolish any cxinttug evil it is always causes wo must work at — novor moro conHoijueuuos. Tbo 'stomach tonics' which Mr. 1'oitor hop'jd might rolieva him may have dono no for a moment on precisely tbo flame principle tLat a sharp application of whip aud spur wakos up a tirod horio, not by giving him strength, but by rousing Mb roiervod nervous foroe, with a doopor reaction to follow. That's how it over was and will be. Jlothor Soigol's Curativo Syrup rostorod this geutlouian to real and gonuino ho»lth by oloansing his systom of the poinon of diseaso, by removing the obstaclOB aud enabling tun stomaoh to retain and digest food. A vory simple thing, yet how hard to accomplish, oh I my masters. This remedy does it, howover, as is tostifiod by a host of wltnoitos all over tits world— wit- nesses who say more in praise of it* merits than you would have time to road. 