TALK O' THE TOWN. Each Sly S»DRr»<lo, will) hli poisonous pill Files to the Printer's Devil,— Houace Smith. Dumio is just now oscillating botween tho Cool- baggie ghost and the Barbigal rush. Tho adven turous youths of tho town arc in doubt whuthcr to seek out the illiquid spirit who is tormenting the Stein family or ntiik a shaft on that field, whiuh some puoplo think is going to ont-do the undent aud modern Ophirs aud Sofalus. No doubt " there's gold iu the mountain and silver in the mine us the negro melody puts it— but then the pleasure of making acquaintance with a idiom wh.. is utmisiag himself by roumiug the solitudes of the Coalhiiggiu is something in these practical day. Goldiields are duily disuovored, nod can bo struck any time, but a ghost, in times wheu Shakespeare is out of joint, und Hamlet's father docs uot even walk on the stage, is so rare a visitor that one cuw almost forgive tlioso who prefer tho spiritual and ovuiiossent to the material und worldly. But I urn inclined to think that iu thu end Barhigal will beat Co.dbaggio badly ; especially as the latter is some 27 miles, uud tho former but 13 or 14 miles away. Distance may lend uuchautmeut to the view, but if the roads are hcuvy and thu moans of locomotion kuoue of the hcst.it is hardly to bo wondered if Barhigul proves thu most attractive objective poiut. There is, undoubtedly,, good deal iu common hutwoeii auurchiug for 'gold and exploring ghosts. There is no certaiuvy that you will drop upon the one or the other. Tho odds are, however, in favour of the incjious metal. Vou may strike that in even unUkoliest places, but as for the spooks, you may dream of them, like onu occasionally does of a winner of tliu Melbourne Clip, hut you rarely 6>6 them— espuoiully in wintury nights, wheu the air Is full of frost. Thu weather is getting a hit too cold for ghosts. Those uho itro unxfous to interview that Coalhaggie spirit will "find it to their advantage," to await the Hummer. They must rumuinher that thoso who livo in hot climates art not partial to cold. Thoy cannot stand tho wintry brevzen, especially such us sigh through the pino uud ironburk forests of tho Cuulbuggiu couutry. Whun Abraham Lincoln was olected President of tho Uuitcd States, a good dual wus tnudu of the fact that ho graduated from a log hut aud evuutu- ally reached the White House. But 1 question if his career is a hit more romantic thuu that of tho gcutlemau, who now fills the position of President of the Bauk of New South Wales. Fifty- lhroo yearn ago, he was led from tho paternal residence in Bent-street— his futhor, tho Hon. R. Hill, M.L.U., resides in tho same old spot still— to the hauk, ami was at once unrolled on thu staff, which WUS uot a kOiy impualug one. InJecd, auma Mna nf its 8tiength may bu gniucd from tho fact thut Mr. H. U. Cotton, the solu ledger keeper, also filled the position of accountant. Step by step, Mr. Hill rose iu the service, uod when he retired from it he had rouohed ono of tho most responsible oflicus in tho hunk. But ho wus soon afterwards elected udireotor, and tho other day, whonMr, Bucklund resigned, Mr. Hilt was chosen president of thn greatest banking institution of tho colonics, Into tho service of whioh he ootorrd more than a quarter of a century before at the modest salary of £20 a year. Mr. HH1 is ono of a largo family, overy member of which has nn unlimited reserve of grit. Thoy are all occupying positions of trust und responsibility, aud, Iiko their hououred futhor huvo, tho respect of all who kuow tboin. In tho early Australian days that delightful beaoh, now known as Shellcnvu used |to bo called Hungry Bay. Ic is, us those who know tho harbour, are awurv, an inlot, next to Neutral B.iy, and Its first numo was conferred upon it, beuauso some prisoners, who woru punished by banishment to Pinehgut Island, —a barren rocky Island, now Fort Deuisim— swam to Shelluove, where thoy found nothing to eat or drink. After having swam huff-u-mlle, and braved tho sharks whioh then ns now abuund in our " beautiful harbour," this was a disappointment, and It was no wonder that tho Inhospitable region was dubbed " Huugry Buy," As Syduey, howevor, grow tho harbour shores woro built upon by fashionable folks, " Hungry Bay " was not exactly to their t tsto. It certainly would nut sound well in the soolety news to road that Mr. aud Mrs. parvenu gavo a garden party at their palatial rvaidenoo, Hungry Bay and Sliellcovo, was substituted. At Shellcovo lived a geutlctnun, uoted for Ids bonhnmmio und Ids rlpo learning, whilst iu Ncutrul Buy resided uu eminent pro fessional, who in thu eveulng of his life, was able to coucual us muoh alcohol about his person as ho could hold without spilling. Ono day, writing to his friend at Shellcovo, Flo addressed his letter, "A. Jones, Esq., Hungry Bay." Tho reply wus itent indue course, superscribed, "T. Browii, Esq., Thirsty Cove." It will be admitted that tho retort wus uot only courteous, but, considering Brown's habits, it hit tho blot fair In tho fauo. Sir Ceorgo Dlbbs and Sir Henry Rarkes have bouu oxchuuglng compliments. Tho Ictturs that have just passed between thorn proves that Sir Henry, gApugh Ids 80th hlrthduy is alouo ut lmud, has uo'ftfMbiruvcd his manners with his age. He Is jurt'figyeusivo now as ho over was, and this is u pity. PiHlic men, occupying tho positions of .lie l'lumior and tho ex-lJrcmier ought to show an example to bo followed not avoided. Civility costs uothing, and us Sir Uoorgu whs pointedly puiito lu answering the query put to him by Sir Huury, the latter ought nut to have lost ids temper uud indulged iu satire, which was unworthy of him aud cutirely uuculled fur. Sir Ocorgc Dibbs was quite right wheu ho rofused to continue a correspondence with a gentleman who had so litllo regard for Ids own dignity. Notwithstanding that members of Parliament locolvc £300 a year, some ol them cau hardly keep too wolf from tho door, — or iu o-.hur words cannot cxcludo tho bailiffs from their houses, To one or two of thein, who nocuny a rather lurgc space in tho public iniud theso formid able pieces of bluu paper houded " Victoria, by tho grace of Gud, <ko, come so regularly that they huvo lust uli their terrors. Tho uthur day, a long suffering Syduey shopkeeper, who hud got u verdict, and was so often humbugged iuto inaction by thu promises of tbo dcfuultiug legislator, determined to wait no longer. Ho issued au exueu ufiorwards thut humble pursuviaul of tho law mudu Ids uppeuruuee ut the tradesman's place of business. "Ah, back already," asked tho creditor, and thu bailiff replied, " I'cs, sir." " Were you at the house!" asked the storekeeper, aud thu uuswor was iu thu utiirmutivc. " But," udded tho luw's ugent, " I couldn't got in." " What," said the other, " Did lie bar you out!" " No fear," said the bailiff, " but the blooming plnco was already s-> full of bailiffs that thero wusu'b room for uuuther one," Tho administration of justice in the curly days io the outsidu districts was of u rtdhur primitive character. Muny good stories aro told of the vaguries of tho grout unpaid thuu -and it must be remembered that nothing less than a swell ever got Into the commission in tho old colonial duys. A pig was stolon from a farmer, and the fellow who cook it was caught in the uet of killing it. Uc whs brought up before thu nearest bunch, iu which on thu day iu question was ono of the two magistrates the district boasted. This justice hud aliubitof looking upon tho wine when it was rod, uud nn this particular occasion lie hud evidently spent a few hours of the morning as well as thu greater part of the previous night iu admiring tho purple glory. " What," said In-, ,4is the business, Chief LuusUhlc f" 41 Thomas Smith, sir, is charged with stealing James Jones's pig!" Looking us sternly us his circumstances would permit, ho said, " Smith, ynu hear what the uuustahlu suys." ies, sir," meekly answered the prisoner. "And what have you to siy?" dumuuded tho magistrate. " W hy," said thu accused, "I did not steal the pig, your honour, 1 only killed it; I meant to give half to Jones, wheu it was cured." I he magistrate rubbed his eyes, preleuded to look iu his law bouks, and thuu fumhlcd almut for u miuute or two. Ho then suid, " Smith, you uro discharged. Constable, in this cuso, I have no jurisdiction, 'lids is a ease fur Civil process,' it is unnecessary to say that lawyers and rules nisi did uot obtuiu thoin. Tho following, which I take from a Melbourne jvuukly, is worth reproducing A few days ago I was sh iwn a photograph of a choup couutry louse. It was simnly a hollow lug with u few shingles nalicd up for a verandah. I had hcurd of tnauy stories of such homes, told generally with t view of proving the great size of the trees in that particular district, such, for example, as that of tho family who lived in one end of tho log for yeurs before they discovered thut a second family -muupicd the other end, Jhit hero wae prouf of it ny thu instrument thut euu't lie— und thu propnotnr wus Bitting in tho doorivny, A hun ker travelling through lite hueli there one duy lit hie lire nguinst nil iniiiionuo fulleu tree, uud wae a bit eurprisod when u mini ewno out id tho end uud aaid ' luuk llere/ohl iiiuu, you're welcome to euinp here, and mill huvo rutioue if you want 'em, hut don't go lightiug fires up ugaiuet the homo station." WILL HONEYCOMB. 