OUR ONLY ALLERDALE. One of the Australian judges in reproving a bullying lawyer a few weeks ago said that the likes of that particular unit of the 4 * Devil's Own " were making the very name of law to stink in the nostrils of the people. But the expositors of the law are not the only persons who, skunk-like, make the things they touch offensive. The law-makers Burpass the lawyers in their violation of those social amenities that gentlemen are expected to observe. Only last week a New South Wales legislator invited another member to leave the >or of the house with him to refer their differences of opinion to the arbitrament of the fist, and the parliamentary specimens cf the genus larrikin are by no means confined to Svdney. On Thursday the 25th ult the South Australian House of Assembly was provided by the senior member for Wallaroo with an address seasoned exactly to the palate of habitues of a publichouse bar. Mr Grainger was in great form. He was intoxicated with the joy of finding himself not only in nppoHitinn to the Government, bat also to the jud .es of the Supreme Court. Mr Grainger finds immense happiness in fiyiog bis hawk at high game. The gr -ater eminence his foes have reached the greater his pleasure at dragging them down. The joy of throwing stones at the Chief Justice and Mr Justice Boucaut was also unalloyed by any recollection that they may throw stones in return. They are restrained by the limitations of their office front making any defence against attacks like his. To do Mr Grainger justice, however, we mus* admit that be is net deficient in certain forms of brute courage, and would strik u their honors on the right cheek even if they were free to strike him on the oi her also. But they are not tree, and the chivalry of some members who differed trom their report saved them from personal vituperation, while cowardice kept those siltni who cheered the Billingsgate of Mr Grainger. An English ne'er-do-well like Mr Grainger envious and uncharitable, would naturally have his bile stirred while contemplating a successful colonial career like that of the Lieutenant- Governor. Some consideration must be made for Mr Grainger when we remember his audience. The governor ot Tasmania, Lord Gormanston, wa e nreBeut aud had undoubtedly an influence in exciting our beloved Allevdale to ase such loud war-paint. Stronger men than he have been accused of having their oratorical compass disturbed by stach presences. Mr Grainger is like ill-cempered children of smaller growth, who are invariably on their worst behaviour when strangers are present. A good house stimulates him to a dangerous degree when be is swinging his Indian club. Mr Grainger is much addicted to public posing as a paragon of the virtnes of honesty and justice and don't we, r bis constituents, know . the fine, ampje, devil-may-care air with which he plays the part ? aod while he can talk of lord* with all the familiarity that Mr Rowland Rees used to display, it is not often that he has the opportunity of talking before them, take the Northern Firmer" in Tennyson's ballad the thought in Mr Grainger's mind would be the admiring estimate of Lord Gormanston. Look bow qualaty smiles when they sees m e a passhi' by, Says they to thessen, no doubt, ( what a man a be snreZjr.' Mr Grainger has charged the Qhief Justice and Mr Justice Boucant with conduct that if there was the 'ghost of a truth in his charge thej would be eminently unfit for the exalted position they occupy. It will be remembered that their Honors were asked to report upon the Administration aod Probate Bill that was thrown out on the 25th ult. Their report was favorable to the bill, and showed that the intention of the legislature had - been observed in the collection of fees and that a retrospective act to validate their rules would be just and according with numerous precedents. The motive for this report Mr Grainger thus describes: —" The Government was constantly pricking the Agent-General to get the Chief Justice appointed governor, and the Chief Justice wanted the billet. They knew tha Chief Justice so well 'hat tbey knew there was no honor in the world he would not go for if be had a chance to get it. They all knew the little fellow was itching to be Governor, and as the Premier was the only mode to get it for him the Premier could do exactly as he pleased with the judges as well as with Parliament. (Mr Homburg—" Who is to be Chiet Justice T' Major Oastine— u Kingston is to be Chief Justi'te.") It showed the extreme danger of any interference with the Judiciary. For the chaaee of a little promotion they bad lent themselves to the document before them. It was a disgrace, and it reflected severely upon the Bench. Nothing had) been done to drag the Bench down so much as the interference with the Assembly by that senseless document." This censor praises Mc Justice Buodoy who declined to assist in the preparation of the report and Mc Grainger is impressed by H the calm and dignified position he occupies " It never struck us that Mr Justioe Bundey was paid the handsome salary he draws merely to be " oatofr and dignified." We think he should ae more eat the bread of idleness than any ether public servant, if work that eonoes so strictly within his province- as that report is required of him. However we are glad to find that anything " calm and dignified" touches Mr Grainger. There is such an entire absence of those qualities in his own behaviour that his recognition of their existence ia another man comes to us a«* a surprise. The report from the Ju4ges Way aod B Jilea ut was calculated to increase the respect of their fellow colonists for their uprightness and intelligence and industry, and in abusing tbem and in voting against the Probate and Adaistration Bill Mr Grainger was misrepresenting practically the whole of this constituency. This ia becoming annoyingly common. We are far from thinking the present Government perfect, but they have a larger share of public confidence in this electorate than any team that could be drawn from the cave «f Adullam that is ftfyled the * £ Opposition'' aud we should like our senior member to realize eh at he is in that House to represent us, not to play tha fantastic tricks that have occupied so much of his time during the present parliament. Mr Hooper voted with the Government, we are glad to record, but his sensible action aould not save as from being practicallv disfranchised. Mr Grainger mostly stultifies the good seme of his colleague when they get into the division lists. Livs STOCK REPORT.—Jlessra Elder, Smith and Co, Limited, reports :—Fat cattle—Prime bullocks, £4 15s to £5 10s (a few higher). Prime cowe lo £4 ; good, £3 to £3 10s. Fat sheep—Best merino wethers (ia the wool), 10s ; medium, 8s to 9a. Prims merino wethers (shorn), 7a ; good, 6s. Best^merino ewes (shorn) t«» lis 6d. Prime crossbred wethers (shorn), 9s. Prime crossbred, ewes (shorn), 7a. MOONTA A. EL AND F. SOCIETY.— A general meeting of the above was held in the Counoil Chamber on Tuesday evening last when there were present :—Messrs G. W. F. Marshall (chairman), Page, Donnelly Newton, Purling, Rowe, Wilton, Wen nan, N. D. Bennett, O. J. Wilkinson and W. Marshall The minutes of the former meeting were read and confirmed. The secretary read a statement for 1894 show, which gave a credit balance of £41. During the year they had paid for improvements £46 15s and on the year's work they vera still £5 or £6 in debt. Mr Donnell moved and Mr Page seconded that the pay sheet be passed for payment, which eras carried. The prize-list for £167 Is 3d was read and passed for payment. We might state that the secretary will he at his office from 4 to 8 p m. on Saturday (to-morrow) to pay out prize money, and he would be glad if all those who have money due would call during those hours. BOARD OF ADVICE. — The Mounts Board of Advice beld its usual quarterly meeting on Tuesday last, when then* were present Messrs G. Emerson (chair-nan), Wyatt and Peters, be vera! cases for non • attendance were brought forward, but all were t-xcused. MOONTA BAT TEAM.—Yesterday the UBUal arrangements for the summer months wera set in motion on the Moonta Bay line. The seven o'clock tram which aB heretofore started on December 1st been altered this year, and was Btaried yesterday. It will stop at the end of February instead of March as in previous year. The fares have also been teduced, the charge now being 4d return. FIBB IN GEOBGE-STRBET.— On Friday n'gbt last at about 11,15, a fire broke out in a detached kitchen belonging to Mrs Polkinghorns, and in a few minutes the place was gutted ; nothing but the j walls and a few charted uprights being left. Great credit is due to Messrs A ' ^Bhwaa and W. Harvey for the promptness' they took in informing the occupants of tha house of the danger that existed, and the calling out of the fire-reel. The fire brigade was soon on the spot, and pro* bably averted, what might have been a disastrous fire. We believe the building ii insured, but the property wa* not. ANNIVSRSART—The anniversary of the Bible Christian Sunday-school, Mivonta Minee, will be held on Saaday and Monday next. The morning and evening vices will be taken by the Rev. O. Lake) and in the afternoon Mrs Lake will officiate. Special hymns will be sung, and there will no doubt be a largo attendance at each service. On the -Monday a public tea will be held, to be followed by a public meeting at 7 o'clock. CONCERT AT WALLAROO—4 most pleai! ing and satisfactory concert was given in St. Mary's Catholic Church, Wallaroo, on Wednesday night in aid of the church funds. The organist (Mrs Cloud) is to be congratulated on its unqualified suoceeBS and every credit is due to each performer. With the exception of two or three num^ bers the selttctions were from Handel's " Messiah " and *' Judas Maccabaus " and Sir Michael Costa's " Eli," the rest being churoh music with Smart's duet.—** When through Life's Wilderness," and Gounod's u There is a Green Hill," the latter magni ficiently rendered by Mr Cloud, whose beautiful tenor voice was heard to great advantage in all he undertook Of the solo parts Miss Snadden and Miss Sands did ample justice to the difficult Messiah musidj " 1 know that my Redeemer liveth " and" "He was Dispis&i.;" Their sympathic voices were above praiBe. Mr Schrader end Mr Fairweatber "also sang admirably. It would be invidious to draw comparisons where all were so good. The music throughout was of such a high class quality that we only mention the trio and unaccompanied quartette, and the male duet and choruB from " Eli" because they perhaps not being so wellknown aa the familiar Handel music, gave much pleasure on account of its. beauty. We <30 a not help but think it will be a pity if the concert is not repeated. Choruses, orchestra, and Boloists have been so well and carefully trained, that a repifextion could surely command a larger audience than was present on Wednesday. DB, BAKNARD .>'& HOMES. —In THE 28Wi annual report, a neat little volume of 112 pages, Dr Baraardo reviews the work of his well-known homes for the twelve months ending 31s'- Dacam\>er last. He has a splendid story to tell, for hie institutions now cover a very wide range of effort. Many of the totals supplied are really amazing in their magnitude, and we commend the figures on pages 42 aud 43 to any one who wishes to form some conception of what Dr Bernardo's rescue work really means. For instancy tfc appears that nearly 5,000 children are now under the care of the homes ; that 23,711 waif children have been rescued, trained, and placed out in life in the tjygone 28 years ; that 13,418 children were dealt with in the course of the single year 1893 ; that very nearly 7 boys and girfc were on the average admitted every 24 houra ; and that 6,571 trained emigrants had been Bent out to the colonies from the beginning of the homes io December, 1893.' Free lodgings have been given to cue most destitute by tens of 2hou8ands, aud free meals by the hundred thousand • while religious services, and temperance* social, and educational meetings held at the various mission centres have had over million of registered attendances ia twelve months. A detailed account is given of each of the 51 tranches which are now comprised in the homer, and-a series of most interesting case-histories and of letters from former inmates, attest at unce the real necessity for the work and the great success which has attended it, In a second part of the report the committee of the homes dwells on the financial aspect of tbe work, and supplies an audited statement of accounts, ft appears that last year the sum of £132,054 was received in no fewer than 82,709 separate gifts. Sixty-six per cent of tue donations were individually under £1 each, showing that the institutions are really widely supported by the general public. Donations in aid of the home* are urgently needed and are at all ti.ueg welcome. We commend this little volume to our readers as a wonderful record of organised Christian philanthropy, A copy will be sent to any one on application to the general seer jtary of the homes, 18 ta. 26, Stepney Causeway. London, E. 9 