AB OIK COME A DOCTOR'S STORY. conclusion.) Mackenzie and 1, accompanied by the >olice-conBtabl« aad the coroner's man, fol lowed the bearers of the coffin to the xnor- tuaiy. As we were going there. I turned to ask Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as he answered me. 44 I fear the worst," he replied. 44 Mrs Heathcote is very 111 indeed. The fever rages faifth and is like a consuming fire. tier tem perature was a hundred and five this morn ing." X should recommend packing her In sheets Wf ung out of cold water," I answered. 41 Poor woman !— how do you account for this sudden Mackenzie ?" He shrugged his shoulders. 44 Shock of some sort/' he answered. Then "he continued : " If she really knew of this day's work, it would kill her off pretty quickly. Poor soul," he added, 44 1 hope it may never reach her eats." We had now reached the mortuary. The men who had borne the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pur of trestles. They then took tnrnscrewa out of their pockets, and in a business-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After domg this they left the mortuary, closing the door behind. The moment we found ourselves alone, I said a word to the police constable, and then going quickly up to the coffin, lifted the lid. Under ordinar y circumstances, such a pro ceeding would be followed by appalling remits, which seal sot here he described. Mackenzie, whose face was very white, stood sear me. I looked at him for a moment, and then fiung aside the pall which was meant to conceal the faae of the dead. The dead truly ! Here was death, which had never, in any sense, known life like oars. Mackenzie uttered aloud exclamation. The cone table and the coroner's man came close. X lifted a bag of flour out of the coffin ! There were many bags there. It had been closely paoked, and evidently witha view to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speeohlesB. The coroner's man began to take copious notes ; the police-constable gravely did the same. Mackenzie at last found his tongue. " I never felt more stunned in my life," he said. 4( In veiy truth, I all bnt saw the man die. Where is be 1 In the name of Heaven, what has become of him ? This is the most monstrous thing I have ever heard of in the whole course of my life, ana — and 1 attended the funeral of those 'bags of flour!' No wonder that woman never cared to see me inside the house again. Bat what puzzles me," he continued, 11 is the motive — what out the motive be V "Perhaps one of the insurance companies can teil us that," said the police-officer. "It is my duty to report this thine, bit, 91 he con- tinned, turning to me. "I have not the least doubt that the Crown will prosecute." "I cannot at aU prevent your taking what steps you think proper," I replied, "only pray understand that the poor lady who is the principal perpetrator in thiB fraud lies at the present moment at death's door." "We must get the man himself," mur mured the police officer. "If he is alive we shall soon find him." Half an hour later Mackenzie and I had left the dismal cemetery. I had to hurry back to H&rley; street to attend to some important duties, but I arranged to meet Mackenzie that evening at tiie Heathcotes house. I need not say that my thoughts were much occupied with Mrs Heathcote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched Heathcote must have led during the last six months. No wonder he looked cadaverous as the moonlight fell over his gaunt figure. No ghost truly was he, bnt a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves — a man who was supposed to be fanned in KenBal I »ho yV qttrilrA earth. : It was about eight o'clook when l reached the Heathcotes house. ManVwin find al ready arrived— he came into the hall to meet me. "Where is Hiss Gabrielle?" I asked at on 08. ' Poor child," he replied ; " I have begged of her to stay in her room. She knows nothing of what took plaos this morning, but is in a terrible stateoi grief about her mother. That unfortunate woman's hours are num bered. She is ""king fast. Will you come to her at once, Hal i fay — she has asked for you several times." Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and entered the rick room. One glance at the patient's face showed me all too plainly that I was in the chamber of death. Mis Heathcote lay perfectly Her bright hair, still thehair of quite a young woman, was flung busk over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful in expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached the bedside. Something Hka the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy b«nfl xe grasp mine. " Don't stir," I said to her. 44 Perhaps yon want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to yon. I have very good hearing, so you can speak as low as you please." She smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. 44 I have something to confess," she said, in a hollow whisper. 44 Send the nurse and — and Dr Mackenzie out of the room." I was obliged to explain the dying woman's wishes to my brother physician. He called to the nurse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. As soon as they had done so I bent my head and took one of Mrs Heatheote's »»»<« in mine. " Nov," I said, " take comfort. God can forgive tin. Yon have sinned ?" " Oh, yes, yes ; bnt how oan yon possibly know ?" "Never mind, I am a good judge of character. It telling me win relieve your conscience, speak;" " My husband is alive," she murmured. " Yea," I said, 41 X guessed as much.31 '-He had insured his life," she continued, "for — for about fifteen, thousand pounds, The money was wanted to — to save us from dishonor. We managed to counterfeit — death." She stopped, as If unable to proceed any further. "Aweeksgo,"she continued, "I — I „jawthaman who.is supposed to be dead. He 3 anally dying now. xhe strain of knowing that I could do nothing for him— nothing to comfort his last moments — was too horrible. I felt that X conld not live without him. On the day of my illness I took — poison, a pre paration of Indian hemp. I meant to .kill myself. I did not know that my object would be effected in so terrible a manner. Here she looked towards the door. A great change came over her face. Her eyes shone with sodden brightness. A look of awfnl joyfrlled them. She made a frantic effort to ruse herself in bed. I followed the direction of her eyes, and then, Indeed, a startled exclamation passed ray lips. Gabrielle, with her cheeks crimson, her lipe tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her head and shoulders, was advancing into mom, leading a cadaverous, ghastly -looking man hy the hand. In other words, Heath - «ote himself in the flesh had come into his wife's d vine chamber. " Oh, Horace !" she exclaimed ; " Horace — to die in your arms — to know that yon will soon join me. 33tisjs too mudh bliss—this is too great joy !" Ihe man knelt by her, put his dying \- round her, and laid her head on his worn hrsast. . " VVe will leave them together," Isaid to Gabriello. <- 1 took the poor little hand and led her mm .the room. She was in a frantic state of excitement. \- "iBaidhewasnotdead/'sherepeated — "1. always said it. I was sitting by my window, a few minutes ago, and X saw .him an Xhe . garden. Xhietimel was determined that he mioaUaotesoapeine. I rnshed downstairs. JHa knew nothing imtfl fienawrne afhlsgide. J caught his hand in mine. It was hot «iJ ifcifl. It wss likeaekeleton'e hand — only it m4» burned with living fire. < Mother is dying — come to her at once,' Isaid to him, and then I brought him into the house." " Yon did well — you acted very bravely, ' I replied to her. , I took her away to a distant part of the house. An honr later, Mrs Heathcote died. I was not with her when she breathed her last. My one object now wob to do what I conld for poor little Gabrielle. In consequence, therefore, I made arrangements to have an interview with Heathcote. It waB no longer possible for the wretched man to remain m hiding. His own hours ware plainly numbered, and it was more than'evident that he had only anticipated his real death by some mouths. I saw him the next day, and he told me in a few brier words the story of his supposed death and burial. « J am being severely punished now," he said, "for the one great sin of my life. I am a solicitor by profession, and when a young man was tempted to appropriate some trust funds — hoping, like many another had done before me, to replace Ihe money before the loss was discovered. I married, and had a happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. I was not strong, and more than one physician told me- that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. Abont eight monthB ago the blow which t never looked tor jeu. i neea not enter into particulars. Suffice it to say that I was expected to deliver over Ll2,O00, the amount of certain trusts committed to me, to their rightful owners within three months' time. If I failed to realise this money, im prisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine. My wife and child would also be reduood to beggary. I had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand pounds. If this som could he realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for the use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my days were practically numbered, and it did not strike mo as a particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, and not a soul suspected the fraud which was practised on the world. Our old servants who had lived with us for years, were sent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the honse excepts charwoman, who came in for a certain number of hours daily." " You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill," I answered. "That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression of yonr face, were sufficiently real to deceive even a keen and olever man tike Mackenzie." Heathcote smiled grimly. " After all," he said, "the fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, which I knew would produce the cadaverous hue of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage was managed with some bollock's blood. I got it from a distant butcher, telling him that I wanted it to mix with meal to feed my dogs with." " And how did you deceive the under- : taker's men 1" I asked. " My wife insisted on keeping my face covered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the necessary coldness, I was cold enough lying with only a sheet over me. After I was placed in the coffin my wife wonld not allow anyone to enter the room bnt herself ; she brought me food, of course. We bored holes, too, in the coffin lid. Still, I shall never forget the awfnl five minutes during which I was screwed down. " It was all managed withgreat expedition . As soon as ever the undertaker's men conld be got ont of the way, my wife unscrewed the coffin and released me. We then filled it with bags of floor, which we haa already secured and hidden for the purpose. My supposed funeral took place with due honors. I left the honse that night, intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalling oonsequenoes which have now ended in the death of my wife might never have taken place, hut at the eleventh hour, my courage failed me. I could do much to shield my wife and child, hut I eonld not endure the trary to all my wife's entreaties. I insisted on coming into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gab- rielle'B little figure, as she moved about her bedroom. She saw me once, hut 1 escaped through the shrubbery and by a door which we kept on purpose unlocked, before she reached me. I thought I wonld never again transgress,, bnt once more the temptation assailed me, and I was not proof against it. My health failedrapidly. I was really dying, and on tile morning when my wife's illness began, had suffered from a genuine and very sharp attack of hemorrhage. She found me in the wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and almost destitution. Something in my appearance seemed suddenly to make her lose all self-control. " ' Horace,' she exclaimed, 'I cannot stand this. When yon die, 1 will die. We will oarty our shame and our sorrow and our unhappy love into the grave, where no man can follow us. When you die, I will die. Oh, to see yon like this drives me mad 1' "She left me. She told me when 1 saw her during those last few moments yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That is the story- I know that I have laid myself open to criminal pro secution of the gravest character, but 1 do not think I shall live to go through it." Heathcote was right. He passed away that evening quite quietly in his sleep. Poor tittle Gabrielle 1 I saw her once since her parents' death, bnt it is now a conple of years ranee I have heard anything about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she was subjected ? What does the future hold in store for her J I can not answer these questions. Time alone can do that. — "Strand Magazine." 