"WORKING A SHIFT." AN IDYLL OE IRE GREAT NOltTHKIW. Tiiry were miners boforo tboy came to the Groat Nortborn. Where.tbey came from has nothiilg to do "with tbis story, nor is there any occasion to use their real names, so I'll call them Bob and Tom. When I first mot thorn, one wob playing a game of. billiards on Hicks' now table, and tbo other was looking on, back against tho ; wall; but from tho mannor in whiclt Bab camo and stood alongside Tom, loaning on his cue tbo while, whon his opponent was , putting togotbor a" break," I gathored. thnt thoy were mates, and probably worked at tha same mine. Thoy loft togotbor after tho game, and as tboy retired a smile flittod over moBt of tbo faces loft in tbo roam. Others took up euos, and I, having abundant ioisuro, iazily sat, smoked, and waited for developments of skill in tho gamo — which wore not forth coming. So, losing all interest in tbo dull procoodingB, nnd taming for relief to the porson who sat next to me on tho olovatod seat which over looked tbo tablo of groon eloth, I found in him, to my sarpriso, ono whom I had mot earlier in tho day in a responsible position in ono of tho mines, but who in Iiis ovoning " got- np " was somawbat disgaised. Ho bad provod somowbat plastia and accessible in my prosecution of onquirios officially made in connection with a certain caso, and as tbo gonoral omilo which bad actod like soft tnnaio to tha oxit of Hob and Tom was still oxciting my inquisitorial instinot, it came liko Bocona nature to mo to turn tho enrrontof our conversation into .nub uuuuuui. ou, tutor n iotv com monplace remarks, I said, "Those two_ young follows (ono of whom played in tho la9t game) who jast wont ont seem groat chums." "Yob, thoy are," said ho, witb a slight laugh. Thon bo added, as if upon socond thought, "at presont. But wo are all waiting for tbo split." " Indeed I Tbon it scorns to bo a maUor of public interest, sinco all aro in it. May I bo privileged to know, also ; in ordor tbat I shall bo ablo to appreciate tbe climax, when it cornea?" " Oh, certainly ! It's no secret except to Bob and Tom. Even thoir wives know all abont it, though tboy daren't toll." " Well, really, you oxcito my curi osity vory much. Pray, toll mo." " Woll, you soo, it's like tbis. Bob and Tom aro both married mon, but Tom is a terribly gay fellow, and sponds most of his spare timo away from homo— at lodgos, and suoh liko, Thoy aro neither of tbem saints — they're not very thiok on tbo Groat Northern — and if Bob doesn't ramblo so much, , ho never misBes a chance of a lark with a pretty girl — married or singlp. "Their houses are half-a-milo apart, and it has frequently, boon noted that Bob,; vyben wanting; to consult his .mate upon something: or another, bos found only Mrs. Tom at homa ivlten calling— Tom being away at a lodge, or Borne other fixin'. ''Mrs. Bob's fondness for d obnt and a wnlk with Tom, too, when nil bands., go. tip to the ; township of a Saturday night, bos not been allowed i to pass without remark ; but beyond ;these,, what you, sir, woald call, I dare say, interchanges of civilities,, there wob no suspicion of any irregularities until about a fortnight ego, when, as it. , turns our, taiot Hon laid a deep . plan to make Tom pass a night away from borne. He askod htm to work his night shift for him, as ho had to go to Chiltorn to see a sick siBtor. "Tom, with choorful readinoss con sented, nnd Bob went home ostensibly to make, preparations for tbo journey. " But, after sending Bob to gnil- tkrn to SEE HIS SICK BISTER, it BBOms to have, occurred to Tom that ho could pass the weary hours of night much more pleasantly than 'down bolow,' so, after telling Mrs. Tom that he waa going to work Bob's night shift, and why, he tut on another man to do "That's all thoy . know abont it, except that each deceived the other, for, .of course, Bob's sister wasn't sick (his wife told Tom several times through/the night that she'd never heard of it), and as Bob was soen coming away frotn Mrs. Tom's bouse early! in the morning, it leaked, out, bit by bit, and tbat'B wby tbo people round here smile whon they see tbem togetbor, and aro waiting for the finale!' that's ail." ' Making no other commont than, "Have you ever reod Balzoo'e Ra> centos Drolatiquo,' " I asked my infor-: inant ' if1' bo would join me in ii " nightcap," to which ho gave prompt .'assent, and shortly aftorwardB we bade each other good night, and I went to bed thinking hard how long tho ladies would keep thoir secret. wau-Diauiiu xnuuiui. — a. mqgiaroriai inquiry was hold on Sunday last, at Boor- haraan, batera Mr. 0. L. Dobbin, P.M., touching tbo death of Mr. Jamos Mlnoguo, The dooeasod, wbo vas 57 years of ago, wm an oldyoaldent of Boorhamon, and had boon Buffering from a lung disoasa of many Friday last. A verdlot naa gtvon in ac cordance with tbo tbo mcdloal testimony, , and tbo fanoral took placo on Sunday after noon. Nxw Advbhti8embnt8.— On our eighth page will bo found a startling announce ment of a great winter sato at tho Hit or Mies Stores, Rnthorglon, oommonoing on Saturday noxtt Mr. W. C. Lester advortisoe bargains in drapery, boots and shoes, etc.. Mossrs. Bray & Co., Corowa, diroot atton- tlon to now goods just oponcd, and Mossrs, Yonnkman & Co; notify an important atop toward tbo establishment of a market for tbo disposal of farm and station produao In Rutherglon. ConnsxNa,— Tbo ssoond mooting of tho Brown's Plain's Coursing Club waa hold at Martin's paddooks yesterday. Thero was n fnlr attondanco presont, but n scoroity of bores prsvontsd tho Btakee boing finished, nnd tboy will bo oonoludod to-day. In tlio Puppy Stakes R. V/. Grifila'a Gladstone and W. Bnrke's Tho Ghost will ran off for tbo stiika. For tho All.agod StakoB tho tel- - ' lowing will run off tho ataka T. Pool's Misty Morn, W. Burko's Sunny Boll, J. Walsh's Iolanthe and Gipsy Queen, E. W. Griffin's Lavndslo, G Saotl's Lady Bird. 