EDINA'S SECRET. CHIAPrER I. SOan you look me in the face and say that you do not lo?ve me 1' In a i'ary cornner o a pleturerqno llaicge In the North batf England aood the cbtel, with thL. cehoolhoa ndjoining it. At th?ae back of the latter wre a eally"-'ept garden, whlch eloped towarde a plantatlon tbrcugh which ran a babbling, sparkling brook that made meals lor lvers' ears the snmme tiuoghb. The garden was separated from the pnolantlon by a hedge In which ferns and mwesse grew, and the oncllpped Iry trailed. It waee hers, on a balmy verenang, wail the cetting can wae iloodiag the thy with crimson and gold, thai n it nterestlng cn"g people had meat. Thoa wrre fqeire Inwtherne, and the pretty Icboolmletrere- Edlic Vtec. yln Vane had had abacge ot the scehool far six mrnthe, darlng which sha had don. wonderc. No preiui ee hoolmaetirre had eomn ep to thn retoe's Ira'--and his moreel school warn his hobby Ellen Vnn, how. orer, had fallen in writh hi. riera., had understood his mctives, had delared to erary oet hi. plane, ned, a threseult, the nlr. Glorge Diniooldi hal naia that in Mi'. Vane he poelesed the finest schoolmistress in Engleed. Bat Ediea had drno more thea pleas the reator. Withount slklnn it--r th fr r mowest and retlrlng--.he had aol~eved papa. larity, and had not made a saingle eemya. Ths cbhldren adored her. Thelr parents blereed her fer the Lmpreeramut ehe had wroueeht in her oaiterlag. Earn thoee who a0cepied a higher elhore in the solal lokod with a favornhid eye upon thao ec'ol. mlstrrss, and agreed among thamsew lvs tha habe was a deserving young psrson. hw mlght a'e hare boan proeeaeed a bhete, pererpe, thnnch It norelt hta'r bh-• diicrla in have ioned faelt with y aonc oc her nfeaturce Sh bhd a sweet, fainr ifa. htzel eas. fringed with long r'hy lashes, and in.troa aeheburn hair, whieb, thoegh lalnly drr eio.1, oey d t oee i har greocial h Rtd. be was not ,trliLngly tall, anl b·' a slim flnre, but, added to the charmoe h~r maener, there was a qalet dign•iy whlih renderad Edlna Vane reap tracenly, al commanded the retpect oe thes with whom she come in coltat. Sh had jnlt eren htr twenty?eso nd birthday. The squlre war bet a few mwethe oaler than the echoolmlstrrla, anl was s manly a yeang fellow, beth an regarded his appear ance and chuaater, as she was womee ly He was undrnalbly gooi-loohl-g, alrar ace fresh cl 'mpleeleo, bright o eye, and rilh crisp, early brown alir that elnsterel abhUt a browr ttat was, perhaps, a little toI Byrodlo for na cnlry esquire. After he had come inte the eetaao, Philip Hawthorn had gone abroad and had beon so fanelated with the scenos in the many wonderful lands he had visited, that the new slhool mlstress had boon in ofle t oe, fiveo months when he returned. He had not trnubled himself to far about mwalri rcona. though he auppcemd that he ahould marry rome dey; bet the ilgt time he san Edins Vane h oexperienced a nanswensation -oae he nould not yerey eell hae d.led -and acid to himself, " That is the woman for me, and I'll marry her, if she'll let me." Philip sounded hib friend, the rectr. aboet her. The lor George Dinwoadio, who. though older than the equiro, wsee eomparatirvly a young man. eniled, and glaneing at Philip, tried to read hie face. "Mile Vane is a treaeure, Philip," he said. "I consider myself and the pariah most fortunate in ha'rng secnred and retained nueh an admirable eshoolmistreso I hopo that wo are not likely to lose her," and Mr Dinweedie looked at the squire again. "Loe her P No. why should you. Misa Vane aaemw settled eneogh, and very ctn teant. I ehould say. Of omu as ehe might marry." "Ye, she might marry. Then abshe would probably cease to be our ppeplar oroholmietresao." Nenturally so. You knbw all about Mist Vane, Dinwoodio, I suppose, when yoeong oe d herP" The reetor nodded. SI hanew something of her family, and of hebr own hittory," he rep:ied. "I was quite s?aetied. oar ygu may b nuro that Mlia Vane would n?ct hare obtained the pent." "Jast so. By the way. heo Misc Vann had trouble of any kind in her lif" P I have noticed her face tnon or twice when It has bhen in repose, when she has been unoonneioue or an'onae 'eyo tree'inl up n her. andl have fneied that it hr wornc truhl d look. I may have beorn wrong, but th.t was the imprcrieon it gave m'." a' yes," replirld the rector. aiter a bri t pdr.., "Mice Vane hba had triunble, yeeun ra hb, ice but it is trouble which sher hs heen ma-ziftl y ennb!.d in ecari-g tn oblivion. It i a tr ,euln buried, Peilip if n1 o etho man [ take you to be.,youe will ner tryrto nearth it I raspct E lina Vtao, aend you may do, the sem " Philip ltawthorn put no mro qnue tlons. ead on his way hemw aeid tohimwec "Dinneodle aonldn't barn said more in her favor ih he had spoken rolunmer. will see her again." ae did sea her again, and after that eonteiaed to meet Edloa freqcnatly during her errrng atreolle by the broha side In the plantation, or through the leldo. And the mere Iae eta oa thr the greater we hin longing to make her his wife. lie wa not qucte anre that ab trnmed his loea. beu he fancied that she did, end at lengtl he raeolved to putit to thd test and Icarn hibe fte. Aftnrdinne.on tlis tn yore tnin? hebhad left the chaaaad had walbal Ia the eirecl"r ot the shoolhonuse by a fla'd path on which he had oaca or twlie a.t Edlnt. Noe tee .catnlrerg her he had entcrtd tLhe plantes i on and snectsre by the berob. Edina ra. not there, bereet, llneohlog the poait whleh the scholioeoe garetan onrlorhE,e e bat horne - an ladlg by ther edmg, hr·' eB. fa'i nee.n the crimson you, h'r afat restig te hie r'eaaly bteranilal lie a preahed ter. Ellnp en ame adown rom the toide, aend selragly bald out her hanJ over tIh hedge. Philip tOk P eeslleOn O it, atd ea ainee o Yethe had teld her oaf the oahl soa? ebeepti an honest man's loae. There wc noethir Iflghty or etney about hit ealcrst. ton. tie d?cvraaed helemoi In quiet, theell gioning teems, ee plned himself cna hb. realih at ber free. Edln• abact her head, and, with her peye tent upi n an Ilo teadel ei lieac f t had teuehc d, repLlcll Yea bare doee ws a great hanor, lf tIawlohraer end I ithak aou frem my bhert. Bet It cannot he. Tic women au maerry meet be liha Crerar'. wife," Thera was a woeenetery cla oa aware, mswt in Philip's fact, c he tried to teuch her eree m? his. bnn to road hertbhneht? Yea, a ieve sspiclon," he said, "cc pen ner, or e u wul not h occtplig Ihe pel. tie n?os do noe . Yon eo e I eoo en?thlag cheat ju. and the tote e in which lr Dtnc weom e holde yen. hal 'Yre,' Edlne. You wilt neear regret it, and yon will mabe me the hti ltct man alien." lie did net speak, and ancotalloully began to toy with a clrtr lochet that wes serpendtd from htr •eae. Philip eyed the loebet regerly, Ie an hdir elteei him. "'oee have • lover alreedy Ii that It I" he asked in tremuloua tones. Edina :'tlaed her cye to his. ceYou tre Imlaig at my leehet. 1h', II 'ore net conian a loaer'e petrait. gee." And h eoreanat gi for his inelpctlon. "eooed gectenaj It might bo yoor otn ecet ealt, bat far iC deark hair end roe brown. Yoer elstrl" "ba nteem? d It"tgeue. wie teent a nehked ceuatatt. Janat i. a lc? netal I "e-..cet cr:,. 'L.., protralt, and ehe wrara ic th'o rtulrcmill oe fte rei.logpg?deWhen we a eel utlce, 2rs? Then, as the tlpeoe into a rilenes again, rnd kept her eyes down, he sail ' Ca yan looknme in the fec and enr thtt you do not loae ma 1" And aftetr a pause thera came tie whf. perod anel-er, "No." " Thin n you aust be minae. You shall h m 1?€." " S'ny. TYou hav heard eomethb'ng of m from an Mr Dlanawoodle. Have you hoard frot hia a'n my story '" "l' t'nkoa hat h dote it matertr M Diawraiire sid that oan had hibe roubl, but tht it was trotbl bnuried. Let it rest E lion, whateror it war, I care notb'ng fi: or pirt. It i you. sI hraive known yes and irarnt to lore, that I want." " Yo a'e too greneros and cannfln. G to Mir Diwowodli and learn all my itoiy Thor--yerhaps--" "You will be minet" he said repturonly. " W?lit until you b·ka heard sIee" "I tear notilno noa. aol. loe me. 1 know it." nad, etlrino her hand, he kissed ii pasnlontely; thben ha left her to h ar hbl sTory, as ehe had bidden him, from th. rc-tor. On hle way to abohe rectory he had to pa,. ti* otllego inn. At the dor of thathoselay *toed a straonger who attracted his attentiin. IIH was a tall, werllbuilt man cf raepentibh epy'eraaee, whese frinturr were good, bhe waro epollad by what to Philip eeomed tb d, l.tadly evil rxpresiacn thay wore. A. Philip paried the inn the itrangfe and t. excano ed pil n+re. and Palllp f.ncleti the the mae mnsterr d tomething to b me.lf. "1 neier saw th f'llor in my hfe bsture ' marnd Palllp, as he walked on ; " but thee' 'narithlng a.out thb look his faen woear thel mante onei faeel coll. I wonder who he I and what his etrand im in this n'lahbolho ad ! Not a plrsant one, I'i bhe bound." CIHtAPITER II. "t iioa n t ba ha e seat you to rm to hlbet be ati.rp! Yoe 'ish ro her al. I" "rAll It ,snot affac her honour, I an •:ra of tait.'" " H rbonner, ne; bet there rro many me: who wal I pauae ale thry renewed teo Efi yen havr maae E ,Ina Vane whrn they ha hoordb her eory." " Sopprs I am not tih oth'r men, Do. wood!e. Btt nerver mind that. Tell mi fMatr wl'lber you cnrseder Edina unwortak fi the o f r I have made her." " t do not, Pollpp; t raeldrr her wortha !o he orayman'ewlia. What theonrld wouli think of the connection, hownover, is another matter." " Bother the 'world. I stand alrne-- nr L'o last of my reo, us you know, Dlnwoodle, rd cn etff ri to pleae myreat. If ItEo a:iefied with the woman I eask so be my w;f., It curerrs m- little as to what ithtr pooplr may Ltikb. 'iotied, Ir olna lito." " Edlla Vane," began Mr Dinwo?lie, '"ae bmn oa roepiecablo an-I well-to-do pareits. lr Venet ws nt a rich man at rlch-e at, regarded in tb*ee days, hoet he had bean cc ce.rful, and had savred enough to retire on. Unfortunately, he eas inducrd to Ina.st his capItal l ana uondertaking that appenred t, ho In a most floarhinblg oond tlcn and wh!ch pro.nilsed a largo renturn. Uef'artunateay, eay.b konae thc canirn was onee o taha, b abbld nidtlr that enllaeeo with the prick of a pIn, It cmathedd, tt Vone lost his monay, ad hi lote haetened hielo . t hla Idea'h i a Vane wat lot awith a inEome so se0 that sho had to let some of her rooms to gutalomen lognee. Mre Van ha l two dhugbllrs--E hiat and Janct. With ?d na, one of the lodgerr, whoee name was tichnre ioran, fe!l ta lore, or profererl t hare f tllea in love. for, from what I have heard of the man, I am inealined to think that It mae with Edina's prorpsete that he wet It lova rathlr than wita herself,thonga she as pretty enolgh ifcr any man to fall ie iowa with for herself alen-. " raerea was an eonat, you must know, who had willed her money-?some eight thous ni ponnds--to Edmna and Jnaet in equal p#rtloun; aad, Irepeat, l beliete It was to ahi moeey that lrcritrd owa had ait eye. at any tte, he ma'i rtina bveii.v that he lord her, and as he had a fascinating way aith him, it was not diffioult to persnade a girl ti ninetean ot the eaennlneace oa hie derotlon. This Maven gate it eat that he wa in the commiestion busoaise, and ae he vara always wall dresode and teemed in eaey aircumstencer, Mae Vate thoughe that her Onughter icould not do better than acept him. "To T r were married, and for a time matters went well. In a while, horwevor, lant ruade the palnful discorary that she haS nultid hereult to a icouldrel. Hit reatmnt eera abmlnoable, an. will not bear talklng about To make matters werle, the,. ba roet been married stx montha when atcbahrd B van wase arreate.i for tfrisr n·Od i' trnepired teat it ace his a,ond off crc. of the klod, an. tilat E iaa's ,reba?na wen u cxoe nvict." "O.ol .evae l Paorchillit \ It ' ' The a r?re ea. p laed ialnts iaS d tLichrd Brevan oa enoa.nc.I a'aol ,'rand hlnger trrm oa im,,l'.,,um-nt At P'as' landh.hotatimitd to m.ke hit -teapa, .ed wateacotdm0 bye awar.ir. PoIEtii allied to lire dooa t'.erligtcr, anI, w,,rn her mthor dleO?--E hIna hbalna ritrral -itter m ~r tCoaer ?OeO- r obtained a rieatiun; boat theloerrao folloared her, an'l ia wns trray ftow en t siuation to aUothb.r n that ac,.out, nn Ili su s~aw my n lretisoemet an alnlo n ueia p.pt oro r a rheoolmlitt e. and tppiet·l to me ioe the p ea. I hera f ta? ainthe.ll iIlotinthe ou.h from h.ero idina a me., anti raric learnt ihuer hlsary, .nd bal a psitial aitratio wi-h her. I ta g get her. tier pacinul etory hle not folt :owed her dow tanre, and It would netr h.rn p.sled my Ilip hal Jo not dIomanded it at Siea'e requct'." " And thu elsitr o" OIJanat ih in a sitnalion in the Sooth, and insae good and tro a woman as Edina oThrn I knoh the worst, which is, that Elina is. or wa, the oif of a convict." " Whioh li her misfortuno, not her fault, Dinwoodio." .. ear misfortune, certainly." philip Hawthorne rose from hio reeo, at-d itrotakig himselo to hi. foll heitht, naidi "tl shall marry her, Dinwoodir; and Iet a.y mau ohisp.'r a oord ogninut her w-hi bhe is my wife,if he dOao. Thona you for tr.:llio me her etory·." ih cocitd his own felings, Philip would have tried to hvo seen E lint agnin that night, but it wee getting late, to he decidod to poatpono the pleastro mntil the folltring ornotag, after hr had returned from a J aurneyho had to make to a neigh bourlng town on businens conncotod with hie estate it had been an eventtful day for Elin. eIn tho morning sho had reoeived oletter from her eiter, informing her oa the death of their nunt, and in whioh Janot onoed Elenr to moot h,.r t a lash?rr in London on an early day to t?o through cornien formalilteo respoctlig tbo maneoorhey c had inaerited. Then h:r crme at oefir af marriage from thr IrIoest men Io tho iltdeC, tho man Ihe he bal lecrnt to tlore, bor pretpteily.etaro re roon Edtlt felt riry happy that night, thoegib ite toeart bet moio rcpid'y It tlmil, when ekne otio-hat what the ficla li hoaseng rot S:ory nooll ho on Philip. a dina bslroeod that ha would o ih te to her, bat there wee the uen?rtalnty, and It preodeed a restless lie which 1,riventad her gialnn her mied either io worker rtadlog. Alter dark, when the etneare to tlcplie out, cod the yjoag moon wae rteleg behind tbo plantatio, E tine etol out into the gar den to aji)y the Serrt, Coot ete that iltn enoeteedA the heat of the day. She suen terrl down to thc etigr, an had no looser ltone mo than titr ignr oni a man roen fren' hrbln, it and roafeonted hbr. At larst phe Ihcught that it was her loaer wh habd thee taken her by earprlo; the neat moment, hoereer eh? wac thrown int', a state et rove tiere'd, enud her taco had =?U· . di.hly wh~t= -II yal |'' ihe taelatm~ld, as, dark throrph I wt, he maw rlt Inohni ntrntlr at her, th men whom ?Ah~llp lawthorne had men aa hearor two tttorC ctIlip?Je t the door al 5hk rlliage tne. ai Doit't he alarmed," eaid the man. I' I'n. l?-i rd. I'm no ghost, ] aceare you '.t CO onmpromlo jou., MLi %e mainttden naes--" or I tlght hare paid yOa am carnlr visit, .nd hnoy seJght yoa In school, or at the Irma' loor of yoar snur g lttls l h rse." "Yem I" rho ropllal, thm terrlte loak oa leer still In hsr whaim amc. m You thought youn woere nicely rid o mm, didn't youf" said Riohard Mmvan, mrth a chuole. Thu, spmaking rapidly. in a low voice, he cntinoad:--,. et c .pod after mil you see. It wao another m~n Who was shot. Not the throt time thel have mado a miotak, of that kind at that shop. Well, I got away, and was in hid tag amongst my palo for a timo. It was ao umo troubling you, for t knOe you haiI httlt en ,ugh to live on, so I mnamged h lot abrond, where Ireo been till lately." "Annd now, RioharrP" asked Elina, tremuloualy. " I tamt to go abroal-far enough off laor good. I have c tme to you for thne money. 02 course, 1 Enow you haea only to send fur a policeman, and you can got rid of me vn very cay terms. thut-" " YLu know that I would not do that, badly ao you treated m." "I don't think you would. Well, your muat i dead; give me half of your tour .huomand pounads, and I swear that you mil have seen the last of me. I shall go t, Austrelta." Eltna had reason to hold this man in tbhorrenao. It had ruind her life, and mom, jamt when happiness ,etrmad to bt otthiu hlr re.h, her aickad huabhad hmd elaen up blefro her tmas thtough from th. ded. But in the few moments aohe taoo to -hium how she should reply tohid rte q'aot, E;dina thought noatof boherel( ; her though:t ocre for the m.an who, evil-mied Id am h. ma-, or had been, was atill her husband she man *ho wre in nt.ril. ' Youshdll have the money," sho said " Get bahikt to your hiding-place in Lmndon vi h aU speed, and let me kuin whert I .a meea you there the day aftmr to -orronv." Lie wrote an addretra an a slip of paper :a torm from his pooket-bae, and as h. iatev it ho said,: " You arm an angol iddimna. I wih to G od that 0 had b cn Srlthy ol yeou ut it ais too late nowr aou will be happier Without me. I will op moy promieo. We shall meet in town for the lam, timo." Tnen, aeizing her hand, he put it to hi, ipm, and ronning down the loping groound dlimppearad in the plantation. Am hour picased, amd Elina stall aestood by tboe hedge, Ohe moon ahinmmg down upon her luatroau hairand thi sweet laoo, out of rhioh the alft colouring had been driren in a momenrt. At lst she turned towards the hoouse, as with a sob she sonidt' 1 must at.var ee him again ; ver again." hha rnr thimtlnag of the manof a hom it as almost a sin to think now. CHAPIPTER Ill. By evening thm nexb day Elina had left the village. Sho had had an interview with th rector after morning rehool, nd had explained why she muat resa;gn her post at almost a moment's notice, and lave at once for the South. " I am profoundly sorry for yeo," aid hlr DintoFedim, ,'aod I feel oqualy aerry for the equire. He is a fino, manly fellow, and this will be a severe blow to him." Elina hung her heod, and tried hard to hoap her tearm back. "0 lraonot speak to yoo oa that," ahe -aid. " And i mms: not earen think of Mr mawtlhrno now; though it will not be ry, II tetr, to forgot what hra toaen place tae?oen us." Yo Ya, yes." with a sympathetia nod. Then: "At tho monat I am pt a loom to know what to do abeut the ochool. I'm afraid it will mean closing it for some little time." " Oh, Mr Dinwoodio, I cmanot tell you low hkld I find it to tear myself away frnm it. It nearly breaka my heart. Wou'd y u--do you thiuk--" "' Yes ? " encouraglogly. " I was wondering whether you would lot my iater Janet have it if she would tiom i. I am aue she woul suit you, and -and-" 'Say no more. I your iiiJr will take at, sht hall have it I aibt keep it open t a fe; draye, if you aill let me anow on." tie that was arranged. hMr Dinwoodio remain, d at home in the moting im unticipation of a v;sit from the qu'r,'. It rcas g ttina late obhen Iilip arratd, his tamd palm, a myttifld look in hio rymo. " Good heavens ! Dinwoodli, what Its happ.enoed " he eagerly nasLd. " I .a. lter btce than I op.a ed, and when I r.anmt to.the school-houoa j at now, the ~oman yeaou had 1ft; in charge said th t .hse Vano hbd gone. but could giee t* to reaas.n. Goout whe.re1? And why ? rou dan't memn t, say~ "Bd aeested, Pailip. n a· 0lm youraself. Voca shall hubr all that I can tell eou." Paelip dro.pptd into a emir, but hr ,teked far from dlm. Mr l.n.oodim ?x plain.. the paiaful cotcuartmcoes uodar raich Eltna had to leave the school and the n ghbourhaed. "tHer husbat d l" exclaimed Philip, parttgaRg fram his seat. "Then it woul bo th.t cilhan I smw standing at the inn door. I felt at the time that his preaenoe h.re meant m echief to someone. And Elina has really gonae--!or good, Don moodl ?" "She could searcely have remained ator what had passed b~tetmn you and her, Phiip, inlopeandent tof that man's mIsim, upon her" , Oh, my Godl tht will kill me," and the q airo, wih a sob that toohed th, tortoes heart deeply, birned his face in his hands. "m e a man, Phlllip." snad the reator, kidly, laying him hand on hie shoulder, t Yut will get over it." ' Noeer l" cried Paillip, fervidly. "T o don't knrw. how I lovo her, Din. woodie. And I may not even moe her again or write to her. It is quite as bad oo if Death itself had robbed mo ef her." Mr Dinwoodin then told him that tosaibly llina's eib?tr Janet might tabk nhb school, on which Phi ip buret oura mith: "And she it oo like her sister, that I shall nat rr see her without trina re minded of Edina And it mill betorture." Tnoen you had better travel again for a while." "I shall have to do so, for I shalt never be able to stand thia place now that Edids hkm gone out of it." 'd Othm young nqodro felt it mo keanly that he did put a few hundred miles be oaun himseaf and the scene of his un fortunatn lovo-making within a day or twob of what had happened. Bloeforo the week wasm out, Mr Dinwoodim recoivrcd an intimation from the South which enabled him to annouue that the ronool would he roeopened on tho follow htonday, under the charge of tiss Janet 'ane, the ioeaor of holati choolmol itres, and was at some pains to ensure for her a kindly receoption, as one who would worthily succeed a worthy nsitor. Tho now schoolmistrene wma expected to arrivro on the Baturday afternoon In the ovrnlng, the rector, who was the moot kindly of mem, malled to omfer her mnnord of weloomu and enouragement. 11e would hovedono this i the case of a per foet stmfegr a tee did it the sreno willingly ~fcasr ef the strong regrard hohad for Mr Dinwoodio wan rather shcokoed at Isa Vano's appearcnoce. 1She looked thito and ill, and th.re were dark lines under her eyes that told of lost of sleep and probably sufferoing of oom. kind. It struaok him that ohe had made her sister's troublo her own, and no doubet it would take her a fow days to recoover from the fftet Edina's story hadproduced on her. HI missed the smile with which Edina had nLnoyo groedi ' hiajo., d am1i'aeit I.i?, mister atit! and uneommunlcatlro. She was tired with her jurney, howeoveror. and i, noa very good epiritn, perhepe, and tMr Dinwoodlo let those niraumstancesa account for the dil-reneo between herself and hbr lister,, naieh was rather disnppolnting. HIo pall the kshool a vail duetng the worek, and wao attefltd with what he sam and heard ; but his first impreosion of the sohoolmistress was oofirmod..,ho was far Iee genial and winning than Edina had b oru. "Ah, wll, tomporaments do difer," snid the rector to hiself ; "we aroe not nll onontituted alioke, and' certainly, in some rerpect. Janet is less plenning in her m~aoncr than Edina wao." But he had no donht cs to her efficioncy. Mr Dinnoodio quastioned rome of the children, as he rot thoe in tho Liile. abou ot the ew ol era, nod the rerdict that wae pco.ed on her was pretty uonaimono. i?sae Vno nho erry hind, had ohe had shooed thon Mien Edinal's likhnec., which she wore in her silver lochet which had delighted them cli. ra d ocUeed thee to vae to love the nor mistrens ior her siteor' ?aro. So that, if Jonet lahed lto preaonnlach.rm ofBdina. Mor dinwoodin l'. 0on tho whhlu, reason to heo oti.led. On the Sn dry the reeoer bt suorprioed to oe the rqodro in church, and noticed that he hardly took his 0y0a off the srhool lui~r?.r. in hio rtrmon MIr Dinwoodin iuld a goo dd L to rahboUt the moth and the nno, and onoes or twie loohodrahor alerd ot Philip. Pihlp maeo his esenpe as nron as the lrer eer,i ove.r. a n redrltd ai' rolllry "p.ed to The (hnes. theo eehclmietrens'n lo had neoarly drireno him mad. " [ wfs fr eoolto c?m? bc," ho raid to himself. "Teat wombs'. tace woeld moah a iunotic ,I me in a menth. t Dinwoodi', needrn't he preacohed at m aohe did. Oecoureo ho fonuoies thnt I shaell tranlser my ~faletion lroe Ealin to Jane, hot I'm net the man to edo thlot, aod I'm nt geoing te t hio co mernly of myceli os to suppose for a moan entthat I wsocld." I'no ohrmoltrletra' face hacnted him Slliday, nad havd eboh an hfeegton him :hot nt lear ho reid, " L'tI go cbrood for a year, t.o ye'rn, any leneth of time,. and at once. lUt I mou oee her, muat bid her eroeeeioin cli eae nerer mee: agaio I will eall upon Jonct to-m~rrow, and ok her for acor ceotr'o oldroen It's no uarc aching Diowccodie. boconee he wouldnot aiproorc ,f it, ond would reed me a lecture in ate ad." "r [o t not giee you Elins's addresn, Mr tIanthorno" Thy sotood in the porch after the sehool had bhen diamiceed. "Yeu reface, Mics JanetP" looeing heenly into her pale fae,, that controstrd so with her dark eyobrows, ard the giossy dark hair that carowned her shapely head. "I ueoa." HI+ caught sight of her locket. "0D yoe wear Edina's portrnait"P he asked. "May I look at it P" As h) off.red n.) reoistaceabe opened the loeket, feated his eyen for a moment on tahe sweet, fair fse it contined, put it th bin lips, tha', with a sob, rushed from the econe. CHAPTER IV. Philip Hawthorne went to Pris, bhut the criction of the gaytSt eopitlin tho world had no charm for him. His life had ben ruined, he told him ai-'f, and surh a thing as pleosuro -asi n-w fmpobrlhel. H. aheratore 11ft P-rie, and, together with a friend ha ds3. plkco-d ap thero, weant into Blnirseland. and -edndaoree to "tate it not of himesll." at he put it, wilh a eVres cturee of elimbing amonret th. Aips. a t ths day hu had lef: Liverpool an awfu 0hipwreek had beaa raperted, which had -ren the topic of the heor. A ship. bound ,ar Acetrali,, only a toew day. out, had gsea dman in a ttrriole gana with every snl on b arJ. It ha been one of the moert appal I.s catutroph-. at ae anow for yar.nd iat tloahed the hoart a f the whole nt?lor, ln the e. linatl of hi. owe tr rnble, how acre, Phil p ctontea hlmnselt with reohne eanmacr at the calamiry. Hal he era the detlill, hWe traeel weould not ha-e t'e tadend beyond the mertropulil. Philip had left tote negry with tha rector. Mr DUlarodie hadl tittly declined to giv hlm Eir'n adlrel. , anl had plainly to'd htm that fr hlm to g, on lovlig u waman who bRa a hurband leving wea sinfl nod un ,tasty. ,Hr anon ited forgdt her," tho re oe h-eaild. Pill; Iad fo?d i: haed to forgive hi fr'o·al, anu ls hai bere wande. lag in gti strant ani Italy for threo Snha ore he coull makt up his min to we:rt' o him. At Rhme, Philip aei h'e coeoeenoe ngrced tat. toi eteancearc O.reta Vseehla fe a arp up th M':il.t-r\aann. Blforsenberk it h. wrots to Mr D nwoale, an~d gave 'em the n?ose of oon or two pllcees t winch .iattr woo ri ii .',t him. Phiip'e elleec, had pDt'el fMr Die wo-die, bkeca?se he 'he'h: tho hhigly of him to rep ,o that bhe oro mtnlco on een: of ih ir ha n d ferred nal to th ,pr prs ty of E iln.'e a. r, bteg lewilnhl.t leoe hat. Pluip'. 'otr p ri.1a xe it 000oee, fr it entwinet not a sn!gle r ertrce to E ,Inl. " I ho roos' trisrg t stil, ti pI patslrn ,e i',rr' sall the r.ehcr to hime.lf. after rnding the lettr again ' O o--zlo gr lous I bh mar not even hare herd o f that arful cea't-oph, at ea at about the tin e a hie 'epartu-e, and may bh quite an arre of the f et that Richkard Ienva was am aglt Spa. ngrer who went dowe with that lll istt<itip." He wrote to Philip by the neat poat, lay lg the ccrcumstar~e before him. and leanv lsg him to do as he saw fit, The leltter reachet Phi in at Alexan ris. IIf bha barely real it, when he elatrtflal hil frield by .huting, ' Hone I hom' I by the firlst ship -hoar goisg that way, and Henven greno khat it tay be eosn. rib, that t ehoeld hace b.:rn t Ignuorace of that mau'e death all thie time I Tril cme. of thinking my own affair oantwleighed in importance that at a eamiy rwhiee cal!ed forth te eympeathy o a antaic, miereshle dolt that I wa I" And homeward he set his face from that ******* It wes a wild ti0ht In Ihe lato natumn, with rain in the wlrd, which came in gusts ithe s~howers of till. It wa a night to be ineoors, ·ad ir Dlnawoodle, who wes anfr. ing from a cJld, voa hugging the Rfa in his e-y ecedy. Ot?slribiy he wre preporeng a ecrmen, tor a ehast re whCth he hatl p'a ilidll nll notle sio. in hi. hard; ae talitiyhllena think'nr of the scekolmilteles. The rceo'r was quitr concerned aboot her iHe had Ihought her far too pale wban ehe hal fitet come; now the cemel to h wrelichdliy ill, ad to be losing her geoo loots, ifer manner, also, dieconerted him. She ltertot him with preper reepct, and faith' fully Ilechrgod hkr detire, hat ehe teorar.d to b deelroee of heeplng him at a diltanc, end he hal foanal her most reluctant to talk about Edia Aol Mr D onwoeol hadl le tarctlld kimtaf eo much In Etlnt'l caie, that he falt her eister'. reticareCs vry rarch, and faird to uouterltandt it. lie had provslt inoself to be Eltina's friend, anti ho would aeve bln aher slter's (lfrend if she had leling hil,,ellf practically a little beleow p :t a thie letrmp night, Mr Dinwoodlo felt hath perpleled andlldreelred el he callle to min:i the many indicationl he had had of tho choolmlstrtleel aneempaihkelo tempera meat; het bhlrg kindly ditpeec, he was tetined to think that It might hbs purely a quateln oft henlth and had almoit made up his meld to write to U lins, and state hit (eare that hetr elter wa. eufforing from some raell or other which she deellned to eaeclfy, an. that, in his opinion, eke latled proper attnition at the hande af a mdlical mae. lIe had almoat decided to do this, when hi eoraunt announced : " Mies V rDo." With an eaclamation of earprlie. ete DIn woodie rose and reeeioed the acheolmletreel. " 0 can commead Tout eotrags more then yeor dieorreloe, etle Janet, it erntaring oat on 0 oh a unight," he s·ai, kindly taking her hand ea leading her to sa chair by the f'e. " 'ray,elt mo relaes you of year cloak, It we e· threeeb, Dhar, dear, has' sO tIe tale what a night it it" Iasin resmoverd her clorak, and Seeln her tatod, lir inwoolle dreppoi into thie an ohair, aonlbegan irubbig hie handl. togethe before the fire, to give the echoolmitlees time to compoee bhreell. As the did not speak, lit Dinwoodie taid : " It houald be no light orrand which "brlag .ya oat on uch a nlght. Theor I "omethfng troubllrg yor I fear, Mist Janot." "Ye., ( want ycu to rolcals m from my eongagemnt." "I am orrys orry to hear it b hut, if it Il on t.he ground ofiil.health, I molt try to m'ot your rlohes. Yes havodltchargrl the utlts flaithfully, oat, from the firist, I hveo SItrttloned whetheor your strsnoth wa oqntl teto task. Nom, I am ore that it wa. not, for yoor health has ruferrod turribly. Ia It ot that, Mr Dlnwoodls." "Nht"wirha claaee of o r rirs at thu seh,,olmlslrous'l white, hacoard foot. There was a pausee rore she replied: "-My consolunce will not al'ow me to ocu00Y the position any longer." "Your conscionce, my deor, youn hady ! l eilh eovery woman Lad as clear a one Ru ytrs." The schoolmistress shook her head rally. " No." she said. You don't understand yt. I mut tryto exp ain." There wae anothor paue. Then, ae if unable to Mr tile tension lonagr, che threw hareolt at the rclcor'r .ot oand cried: "Oh, Mr Dincxodie, don't you knoew me ?" " Ediua I Can it he possible " The .rrFlcOr' eyee had been opeod in a momant £It- cas rhoch.d at the deo,,ption, hut the ,I'-Inder had a warm pluor in hic heart, rrl. ho pitied her. Gently rai??n her, he hi.o her be Cat d gain, th .n oid: •' "ow, toll me why ygu did it." With downcast core, and io n lmsnt ieaudibhe voice, Edina-replied: "I did not Intend to do it when I w~nt away; buht when I found that Janet could not, thko the school, I could not bear the thought that it would seffor; nod I knew that I cou'd not live away from theapor where I had f and so muooh hbpyi-as. 83 I was tempted to personante Jon b dyng my hair, nod eiehnogirr locher with her. I thooght that no harm culd come rf it ; but, oh, Mr Dinwo-di, I Ilt?o dreamt how hard the part would be I had to play, or tLo siferiog it onoold entail. To-night I felt thnt I oculd no longer keep my ohtmeful secret to myeell, au't c " The rector otill hated tho deceit of which Edina had been guilty, but he was touched with her mis.ry. "Andl co, you peer child," he said, picilng hit hand on her shoulder, "yiu cims through the storm to coufees your tdult. May God forgive you, Edina, as I d.,, "The squire, sir," here announced the errcant. It wao an awkward moecnt. Ir Din woodie would have kept Philip btck. E tin.a, with an affrighted look. had clipped on to the lor cgin, and hd buried 'or fIor in her hands. Philip rtiod ia the dorrway, toting in the ecenr, with wonder written large in his broozed face. In a ofew words Mr Dinwoodie explained all, then quietly I1,ft tho room. a hen he returnatd the hor gard look in Ediao'a face had givoe place to one of in effble pece. Tha storcm without resembled that through which she had been called upon to pass, buh she had snafely reached a haven of refuge ; her head reord againast Philip's breast, and the arm that was to protect her hencftorth war around her. [Ten oND 