KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XVII—(Continued.) Sir Peter Dangerfield sat alone in the library of Scarswood ; the silken curtains were drawn ; fire light and lamp-light made the room brilliant ; his purple easy-chair was drawn up before a writing, table littered with deeds sind documents, and Sir Peter; in gold-bowed spectacles, was trying to read. Trying—not reading. For between him and the parchment page, a face menacing and terrible kept coming, the face of Katherine, as he had seen her last. Where was Katharine ? Dead or alive, she had sworn to be revenged. Was she dead ? He shud- dered through all his little craven soul and heart at the thought. Men had looked at him darkly and askance all day, and turned coldly away from him while he spoke. There had been whispers of suicide. What if while he safe here in this warm, lighted, luxurious room, she lay stark and frozen under the stars—dead by her own hand ! There was a tall, smoke-colored bottle on another table, with glasses. He was usually a very anchor ite for abstemiousness, but he sprang up now, with a muttered oath, filled a stiff glass of brandy, and drained it at a draught. "I wish to Heaven I had given her that infernal three thousand, and be hanged to it !'' he muttered, flinging himself back sulkily in his chair. ''Curse the luck ! What's the use of a title and a fortune if a fellow's life is to be badgered out him in this way ? There's that greedy little devil, Mrs. Vavasor—not a penny would she throw off. And now there's Katherine. I wish I hadn't said what I did to her. If they ever find—I mean when they find her—I'll give her that three thousand, if she takes it, and have done with the whole confounded thing. But she's so confoundedly proud that, likely as not, she'll turn cantankerous and refuse. There's no pleasing a woman, any way ; refuse it, and you insult her ; offer it, and you insult her more. Oh, come in, whoever you are, and be hanged to you !'' This pleasant concluding adjuration was in sponse to a rap at the door. A tall, serious foot man, in purple plush breeches and white stockings, appeared. " Dr. Graves, Sir Peter," spake this majestic menial, and vanished. Sir Peter arose, as Dr. Graves, hat in hand, very pale and solemn of visage, stood before him. News of Katherine at last. He grasped the back of his chair with one hand, and faced his visitor almost defiantly, as one who should say, " Whatever has happened, I at least have had nothing to do with it." " Well, sir?" he demanded. " Sir Peter Dangerfield, I bring news of—of Katherine. She is found." The little baronet's heart gave a great leap. Found ! then she had not committed suicide. '' Ah!'' he said, with a look of sulky injury, '' I knew as much. I thought she wasn't the sort of gitl to take arsenic or threw herself into the nearest mill-stream. So she's found, is she ? And where has she been pray, since she ran away from Scars wood?'' He resumed his chair, folded his arms, and looked up at his visitor. But still Dr. Graves kept that face of supernatural solemnity. 'When she ran away from Scarswood, Sir Peter, she went to her old nurse at Bracken Hollow. About three hours ago, while I was at Otis' cottage seeing that unlucky chap, Dantree, she came.'' '' She did !'' To see Dantree, too, I suppose. Ex- tremely forgiving of her, I must say, but not in the least like Katherine Dangerfield. Perhaps she is going to turn romantic sick-nurse to her wounded cavalier, and end by cotting him to marry ? ' 'Stop, Sir Peter Dangerfield !'' the old doctor said, hoarsely. ''not another word. Katherine Dangerfield will never marry Gaston Dantree, or any other mortal man. She is dead!'' ''Dead !'' Sir Peter leaped from his chair as though he had been speared. '' Dead, Graves ! Good Heaven ! I thought you said — I thought ? '' His white lips refused to finish the sentence ; he stood staging with horror-struck eyes at the elder man. 'Yes, Sir -Peter — dead! Of heart disease, no doubt, latent and unsuspected. This is how it hap pened : She came to see Dantree before leaving Castleford — those were her words. She looked shockingly ill and haggard, and her mind seemed to wander a little. She fell into a sort of stupor as she sat before the fire and complained of her head. We aroused her after a little time, and she went into the sick-room. She shut the door, and we heard her kneel down. Then there was a long silence, so long, so profound, that we grew alarmed. Mrs. Otis knocked again and again at the door, and received no answer. Then she opened it and went in. She had fallen on her face and was stone dead!'' '' Great Heaven !'' 'She must 'have been dead some minutes — ten or more — for she was already growing cold. I left her there when I found life utterly extinct, and nothing more possible to be done, and came here. It is shocking, Sir Peter— it is horrible ! And only yesterday, as it were, this house was all alight for the wedding.'' ''And then- the old doctor's voice broke, and be turned his back abruptly on Sir Peter and faced the fire. Dead silence fell. -The clock ticked, the cinders dropped, Dr. Graves looked fixedly into the ruddy coals, and Sir Peter sat stiff and upright in his chair, quite ghastly to look at. ''Dead or alive, I will be revenged!" The horrible words rang in his ear like- his own death-knell. They meant nothing, perhaps,- they were but the passionate, impotent rage of an outraged woman, who knew his cowardly nature to the full, but they did their work. Katherine was dead ! and Catherine was vindictive enough to carry her hatred and revenge into that world of shadows whither she had gone, and come back from the grave to pursue him. Greater and wiser than poor little Sir Peter Dangerfield have devoutly believed in ghosts; he was superstitious to the core. And Katherine was dead— dead—dead ! Great heavy drops stood on his pinched, pallid face, and his voice was husky as he spoke ; Dr. Graves, there must be some mistake here — there must. She couldn't die in that way — it is too horrible— and --she was so young — and so strong — never sick a day in her life, by George ! Oh, it is impossible, you know — entirely impossible. It's a fit, or a faint, if you like— not death. Let us go back and see what can be done for her— I'll go with you. Let us be off at once. I tell you she can't be dead. I don't want her to die. It's a prolonged fainting fit— doctor— take my word for it— nothing more. Strong, healthy girls like Katherine don't ''Sir Peter,'' the old physician said, quietly, ''I am sixty-five years of age, and for the past forty years I hare seen death in all its phases— lingering and instantaneous. And I tell you she is dead. But we will go to her, as you say--you can convince yourself with your own eyes." But still Sir Peter would not be convinced; would not — could not ''make her dead.'' He hurried from the room, changed his dress, ordered round his horse, and in fifteen minutes the two men were galloping full speed through the keon, frosty air into Castleford. The town lay hushed and dark — it was close upon eleven now. Neither spoke a word ; the breathless pace did not admit of talk. They reached the Otis cottage, its whole front lighted, and figures flitter- ing rapidly to and fro. And Peter Dangerfield's heart, under his riding-coat, was throbbing so rapidly, he turned sick and reeled dizzily for an instant, as he sprang from the saddle. The next he rallied and followed his leader in. On the sofa, in the little sitting room, where they had first placed her, Katheriue still lay. They had removed her hat and cloak, and loosened all her clothes, but over that rigid face the solemn seal 0f eternal sleep had fallen. They haud closed her eyes, and folded the pulseless hands, and calmly, as though sleeping, and fairer than ever in life, she lay. The haggard look had all gone, and a great calm lay upon her. So Peter Dangerfield saw her again. There were three persons in the room. Beside Mr. Otis aud his mother the old ex-Indian nurse from Bracken Hollow, sad, gaunt, and gray, sat close by her nurseling, swaying ceaselessly to and fro, and uttering a sort of moaning cry, like a dumb creature in pain. She lifted her inflamed eyes and fixed them with savage hatred, upon the pallid face of the oarouet. ''Ay''she said, bitterly; ''you're a fine gentle man now, little Peter Dangerfield, and you do well to come and look at your handiwork ; but you're her murderer, you and that dying false-faced villain lying yonder, as sure as ever men were murderers. The law won't hang you, I suppose, but it has hung men who deserved it less. I wonder you aren't afraid as you look at her — afraid she will rise up from her death- bed and accuse you.'' He turned his tortured face towards her, quite horrible to see in its fear and ghastliness. ''For Heaven's sake, hush !'' he said. '' I never meant this ! I never thought she would die ! I would give all I am worth to bring her back to life. I couldn't help it — I wouldn't have had it happen for worlds. Don't drive me mad with your talk!'' ''Liar!'' old Hannah cried, towering up and con- fronting him; 'double liar and coward! Who refused her her dying father's request ? — who offered her the deadliest and most dastardly insult it is possible to offer a woman ? And you say you are sorry, and ask me not to drive you mad ! I tell you, if the whole town rose up and stoned you, it would not be half your deserts. I say again, I wonder that, dead as she lies there before you, she does not rise to accuse her murderer. Mr. Henry Otis, this is your house, and she thought you her friend. Show yourself her friend now, and turn her murderer out !'' ''Hannah, Hannah, hush !'' interrupted Mrs. Otis, scandalized aud alarmed. Whatever Sir Peter might be, it was not in this good woman's nature to do other than reverence the Lord of Scarswood, the man of eight thousand a year. liuc her son stepped forward, pale, cold, stern. ''Hannah's right, mother,'' he said, ''and he shall go. Sir Peter Dangerfield, this house is no place for you. You have come here and convinced yourself she is dead — driven to all by you and that man yonder. He is beyond the pale of justice — you are not ; and, by Heaven ! you shall go !'' He threw wide the house door, his dark eyes flashing, and pointed out into darkness. ''Go, Sir Peter, and never set foot across threshold of mine again. She turned to me in her trouble, she came to me in her dark hour, and she is mine now — mine ! Go ! you coward, you robber and insulter of helpless girlhood, and come here no more!" The fiery words scourged him, averted faces met him on every side. And, calm and white, Katherine lay before him, with closed eyes and folded hands ! most awful of all ! Without a word he slunk away like a whipped hound, the door closed upon him, and he stood alone under the black winter night. Alone ! Would he ever be alone again ? Sleep ing and waking, would not that terrible, white, fixed face pursue him ? ''Dead, I will come back from the grave if the dead can !'' Would the words she had spoken, the dreadful words he had laughed at once, ever cease to ring in his ears now ? Would they not taunt him until they drove him mad? Peter Dangerfield rode home. Home! What was Scarswood better than a haunted house now ? He shut himself up in his library, lighted the room to more than the brilliance of day, locked the door, seized the brandy bottle, and deliberately drunk himself into a state of beastly stupor. When morning dawned. Sir Peter, lying on the hearth-rug, was far beyond all fear of ghosts or goblins in heavy, bestial sleep. (To be continued.) 