The Coming Eletioi0n. AMONG THE COADIDATES. Kahibah Electorate. Or the six constituenioes in and around Newcastle Kahibah is the largest both in area anid population. It embraces all the country south of the road that runs from the sanddrift in Darby-street, through Mero wother and Adamstown to New Lambton. It. also runs to the waters of Lake Mao quario, Belmont being the southern boun dary. By the new Act this large area is split into two divisions, namely Adamstown and Charlestown, and when the roll was made out originull) Mr. Robert Simpson, the electoral registrar, who is at present confined to his bed through sickness, had 2313 names in hand. Of those no fewer than 1869 resided in the Adamstown division, which also embraces Merewether and" New Lamb. ton, and in the Charlestown portion, which includes Dudley and Belmont, there were 444 electors. Owing to hard times a great many people have loft Kahibah, as shown by the fact that 100 electoral rights have never been claimed in the Adamstown divisioli, and in the other portion 80 are undelivered. Some 20 electors have also received transfers to other constituencies, and about 50 additional names have been added to the roll quite re cently. This leaves the total number of elec tore in Kahibah at 2103, and of these nearly 2000 will record their votes next Tuesday if the writer is any judge of the political feeling that exists in the electorate. The majority of the electors are men connected with mining, and indeed the people aver that all with the exception of Mr. E. A. H. Mero wether and a score of others are workers de pending upon their hands for their daily bread. When the electorate was first mapped out people said that it was a pocket borough for Mr. Alfred, Elden, one of the late mem bhers for Northumberland, but events have since changed, and thes.eat has to-day more wooers than any other in the Northern part of the colony, with the exception of Wick ham, which has six. This fact is somewhat strange when it is considered that the electo rate is essentially a Labour one, and only goes to show how deep and rushing is the current that is at present politi cally dividing the workers of the colony. The candidates are Mr. Alfred Eddon, Mr. (late the Rev.) John Penman, Alderman George Errington, Alderman W. Wil inma, Mr. William Lase, and Mr. J. A. Gorriek. So split up and divided are the people of Kahibah. that it is a most difficult matter, not only to find out which of the candidates have the best chance of election, but to de fine the issues placed before the people. Commencing with Mr. Alfred Eddeo, the late member, it must be said that last election the miners of Nor:humberland took him from the pick's point and placed in the House a com paratively unknown and untried man. He was nominated by the Adamstown Labour LeagIu-, and greatly to the surprise of many succeeded in bearing AMr. J. Cri'er and Mr. James Thomson (the then president of the Miners' Association), and won the third seat. Since then even his enemies must admit that he had worked hard and conscientiously for the people he represented, and no Labour member itn the House tried as hard or with more sucees than he did to grapple with politics and understand the forms and procedure of the Assembly. He succeeded by his efforts, supplemented by the aid of brother members, in passing an Amended Fisheries Act, and when the Coal Mines iRegulation Bill was before the As sembly made himself felt as an authority on the questions embraced by the Atct, and moved the insertion of the eight hours' clause in the bill. Looking over his past career it is impossible to point to any one action on his part which should justify the electors of Kahibah in not replacing him in Parliament. But lie is against sign lag the Labour pledge, and in that lies the trouble. Consequently the Labour Leagues have nominated another man, and the split has enabled other candidates to creep in antd have a chance for the seat. That Mr. Edden has many friends in Kahibah no one can doubt who goes among the people, an., in every part of the electorate he has strong and influential committees, who are working as one moan to secure his return. Several of theme state that they can coutt on 800 votes, and if this is so their candidate should be returned. Mr. Edden may be summed up as a Protectionist-Labour candidato, who claims to be ti-d to the coat-tails of no party, and who, by his experience of three years in the House, is confident that it would be a great mistake to sign the pledge demanded by the L.E.L. Of the other five candidates for Kahibah, Mr. John Penman has undoubtedly the best chance; and if no important changes occur between to-day and next Tuesday, it may be predicted that there will be a very close fight between Mr. Edden and his, until lately, reverend opponenut. Public sentiment, par ticularly in times of election is, however, as fickle as the wind, and as there are scores of people in the constituency who have not yet made up their minds how to vote, it is im possible to say at present who will head the poll. Mr 'utnmau is a man respected by all who know him. He has lived in the con stituency since his early boyhood, and after workiug some years in the coal mines studied for the pulpit, and being- suc cessful, entered the Primitive Methodist Church. He was pastor at Merewether for many years, and outside his congregation he was aLso very popular. Recently, he moved to Bswral, and while in that place he yielded to the solicitations of his friends iand came to Newcastle to contest the election. Like MIr. Edden, he may be described as a Protection ist Labour candidate; and as he believes in local option with a time compeasation, he will receive a strong support from the licen sed victuallers in the electorate Alderman George Errington, the aceredited candilase of the LIabour Electoral Leagse, is a mioer well known in the district. He .is a member of the New Lambton Council, and duingt the absence of Mr. T. Croudace some three years ago he acted aIs Mayor of that municipality. Last week he was chosen by a umajority of 64 over Mr. L. P. Vial to represent the lesgue, and as 330 electors voted ot th'tt occasion Alderman Errington ought, if the nmembers remain traue to him, to have a large following. This c sndidate is a delrgate of the Miners' Association, and, with the president, has been appointed to proceed to the Southern district to organise the miners there. HRe is afluent spaker aind being a ascal sinker he has signed the Labour platform, and is pledged to tho planks there m contained. Tihe members of the Labour League are confident of success, and, of course, are working hard, but the ceandidate is tlate in the field, atnd if elected he will need to make many friends before pollinig day. Alderman W. Williams, of Merewether, is a clear-headed minor, who, having beec a success in municipal government, has a just clauin to nowcomo alongasacandidaote for Par liament. He was Mayor of Merewether last year. and, not being a believer in labour laguecs and written pledges, he is contesting Kahibah as an indepeedent labour candidate. His platform is sound land legislation, the abolition of the Upper House, and the use of the referendum; iand by his speeches it is presumed that he favours Protection as a meansi of raising revenue. There is no doubt that Aldermani Willimns has many friends in the eleitorate, but itis questionable if he can g.au that support at the ballot- box which is so easential to a man before he can aflix the lett rs M.P. afteor his name. iMr. J A. Gorriok, the well-klnown solici tor of Newouatle, was the first I'rceirader aninoutced for Kahibalh, and is carryicg on an active canvass of the constituency. As the I''oteotioniet vote is so split up it might be presumed that thl seat would bo an eacily earned one for a Freetrader, but such is not the case. As stated before, the electorate is purely a labour one, and those electors who are not fiscal-sinkers have undoubtedly a leaning towards Protection, a, the Frectrade candidates will find out if they go to the poll. Of course there are Fecetraders in ',ahibah, and Mr. Gorrick is scouring their support, but now that Mr. Case is in the field as a Freetrader one of these two gentlemen must retire before the other obtaite what may hob termed a ghost of a chance. Mr. Garrick is an ex-membor of Parliament, and retired some years ago. Last election he unsuc cessfully contested Wollombi, but hoe polled well against one of the strongest roads and bridges members in the colony. Being a fluent speaker, with a strong vein of humour, Mr. Gorrick is quite at home with a crowd, and at man who would certainly have had a better chance in one of the city constituencies. Mr. William Case, the latest candidate for Kabibab, is a sanguine Freetrader who evidently believes that the Foreigntrade policy, like mushrooms, grows wherever and whenever grass is to be found. Originally he sought election for the city, but as another candidate's claims were preferred to his own, gracefully retired, and as he is an old resident of Mere wether, he noyw comes out for Ka hibah. Por some years Mr. Case was an alderman in the Merewether Council, and occupied the mayoral chair for one year. In private life he is a builder and conitractor, but foryears he has eloosely followed politics. No man in the community has more argu ments in favour of Freetrade than Mr. Case has at his finger tips, and he delights to hurl his shots at the opposite party; but the issue of the Kahibah election does not depend on the fiscal question, and if both Freetradera go to the poll the chances are that they will be much nearer the bottom than the top. 