THE WAGES OF SIN. Imagine a number of people gathered ronnd a dinner table in London, in a fashionable qnarter, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant with glass, sugared bonbons and orchids. Imagine a host who hai sprang from nothing and grown into BO much gold, and a hoe tees who has come of a good stock and descended into diamonds. Among a sprinkling of politicians and society butterflies sits a certain Captain Power aiad a young heireu, &3 beautiful as she in rich. On the man's other side is the .daughter of the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners of a dncbess, and a brain that has been crashed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently, " that we mast try and persuade yon to come to ns at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the honse-boat in quite a new style." " How ?" "Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderful scheme of color," says the girl, with a puzzled expression. " I suppose it will be all right, howevsr." " You know I am always engaged," the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,— " Oh, yes, but this year yon mast come. I am to be there too, and we can have snch fan." The soldier flashes. " I must think about it," he says. The pale girl notes that the heiress flushed, too : and sighs. "I suppose," the heiress goes on, " that you hare seen Loie Fuller ?" "Yes," he answers at random, his blae eyes watching her face. " She makes a beautiful, artistic picture," the pale girl says. " A picture!" Tbe color effects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often discover in a wood fire."' " Charming !" murmurs the heiress in sweet, soft tones. Captain Power seems *t alosa how to continue. The heireBS notes the crestfallen appearance of the man on her other side, who bas taken ter in to dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought I/ord Blank's yacht; a yonng man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenile old lady on his right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " Ghoste." The lady of the house, with some tact, drowns his voice and his stupidity by asking her neighbors if they will have some btimed almonds, and pass her the olives ; while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks abstracted. Then the trivial talk recommences. The few clever men there are—like the still fewer clever women—crushed by tbe weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; it flows to them in the voice of their host, and they cannot straggle against it. Their only retaliation will be their remarks tbe next day to a sympathetic circle of friends. In tbe midst of it all the captain tells the heiress that perhaps he will go to Henl«y. and she murmurs foolishly but prettily,— " Ob, don't go merely to please me." " But it will be a pleasure." " Yon have always refused before." I refuse nothing now that takes mq whsre yon are." " It is sweet of yon to say that—but then, of course I—" " You can quite believe it—and you know you do believe it. That me ; will yon let me <x>me and see yon to-morrow—" As she blushes and veils her eyes with long dark lashes, he breaks off. One of the men-servants has whispered that he is wanted, and will he come into the hall 7 Puzzled and mnch surprised, he mnrmure an excuse and rises. The heiress leans across his empty chair, and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she has persuaded the captain to come to Henley. "How kind of youl" answers the other, with a glance that is anything but kind, for the triumphant smile of the heiress is maddening. The captain's footsteps echo on the parquet, then there is a pause and the intervening doors are hurriedly shut. As he comes into the li^ht of the hall he stacJs amazed, and for one instant looks like a man in a dream. A woman gaily attired in cheap finery comes forward and prefaces her words with a drunken laugh. "Thonght I was dead, Jim, didn't yer?" Hi; face blanches. " Yes," he answers sternly. " Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out at present ?" " Why did yoa follow me here ?" " Saw you drive tins way and came in. Knew you nsed to dine here in tbe old days when the girl of the house was a mere kid. 'Spect you'd like to make up to her now, as you thought I was out of the way." There is a pause. The ladies are heard leaving the dining-ioom, but they ascend by another staircase, and do not pass that way. Captain Power's face hardens. " What do you want with me ?" te asks. " Yotr/e my husband, ain't yer V « Yes." "Then I wiat money, and Til: not worry you again." ; ««I must go," b« (peaks with an* effort, " and make my oeu« npstataj yfut for me <mte'4«} dw't ^ W* 5 ' "Mind yon come 1 No games, or I'll kick np a fine row." " You can trust me. Now go. I will be with you in ten minutes." The heiress meets his eyes as he comes into tbe large drawing-room and notioes nothing; she greets him with a' s smile that is enchanting, end' waits for him to join her. The daughter of the c house rises hurriedly and as quickly l resumes her seat The captain speaks to her mother, explains that he has bad news—to that fact his whita lips testify—and is called away. The blaze of the diamonds flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic. He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle, to where the heiress stands. " I am obliged to go away," he says, in a broken voice. " And not come to Henley ?" " It is qute impossible now." She is piqned. "Oh, very well. Gaod-by." He looks at her with a dog's eyes, full of entreaty, but she turns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As ha crosses (he room, his very senses dulled with pun, he misses the pale daughter of the honse. Once outside in the passage, he comes faoe to faos with her. " Yon are ill or in gnat trouble ?" she cries ; *'I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on— " Yon needn't tell me. I can see it in your faoe. I hope all will end welL' " You are very kind," he remarks stupidly. "Have yon any friend—"she commences ; but he breaks in— " No—no friend can help me. Yon are very kind." In a dazed way he holds out bis hand, but die shrinks back and feigns not to notiosit. He is conscious that he iB wounding her, but the heiress and her beauty have Minded him; his one wish is to eeoape. "If I don't Bee you again," die speaks hurriedly—" if yon need woman's aid in any way, remember I should be so glad—" " Yes, yes. I mast go. Thank yon a thousand times." He takes her hand,* but her small fingers slip through his, and, without another word, she is gone. The men are preparing to join the ladies ; the heiress, hearing their voices, moves her seat to a sofa where there are places for two, and Captain Power descends the great staircase and passes oat of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there ?" 