Mount Oambier Winter meeting* Vhe Winter Meeting of the Mount Gambier Racing Club was held on Wodnesday and Thursday, June 27th and 28th, and to give the residents of Millicent and the district an opportunity to attend one day's racing a special train was run on Wednesday morning, returning the same night. About thirty Millicent folk availed themselves of the convenience, and before the train reached Mount Gambier about thirty more had been picked up at intermediate stations. The irruption of this multitude into the religious quietude of the town at eleven o'clock did not cause any serious excitement, and as no extra police arrangements had been made on account of the visitors, they were at liberty to prowl round for an hour or SJ and look up " dead birds" before the pretty drive to Glenburnie course was undertaken. The spot chosen fay the Mount Gambier Club has with the exception of the Oakbank course, the best senic effects in the colony, and the provision for sport made by the" Committee was quite equal to the course. The day was fine (this part of the programme was ndt provided by the Committee) and something under 2,000 spectators had got on the course before the afternoon was far advanced. The clicking of the totalizator replaced the accustomed yell of the " bookie," and the absence of that hook-nosed individual, coupled with the orderliness of the public, made the proceedings rather solemil at times. Lafce on in the day the rider of a favorite for the Volcano Handicap attempted to impart some vivacity to them by sailing on his mount into the crowd before the palings and thrashing blackfellow with his riding whip. The attempt fell flat however because he injudiciously tried to make an impression on the nigger's head, and consequently only raised a smile" done in ebony. The "tote" was made use of to a greatsr extent than has been the case before, but only one dividend, tnat of £14 2s. on the Pony Race during the second day's racing, caused any flutter among the investing public. Mr. G. Riddoch, M.P., was on the bill as judge, but was ur avoidably absent in Adelaide, anil the post was weil filled by Mr.- J. A. Ellery, a steward of the S.A.J.C. Mr. Geo. Sturtzel, as secretary of the Club, kept things moving in a lively fashion throughout the day. Mr. E. J. Locke acted as starter. Mr. J. Tyler as Clerk of the Course, and Mr. A. F. Laurie did the handicapping. Tbe following are the results:— HURDLE RACE, a handicap of 35 sovs.; with a sweep, of 1 sov. to go to second horse About two miles. Mr. Jas Hurley's Suit, by Slanderer, aged 9sl. 101b. (J. Cody) ] Mr. H. Hopwood ns Gort, 6 yrs., 9st. (H. Hop wood J Mr. Thos. Leftwich's Mungo, aged, list. 71b. (Leftwich) 5 Black Watch, Nocondra, Black Angel, Marquis, Rhoderick Dim, Mingbool, Grace Darling, and Minstrel Boy also started. Tlierp was some difficulty in getting the horses away, and when the flag finally fell, the positions showed Minstrel - Boy, Suit, and Gort in the lead with the others in a heap close behind. Passing the stand Suit worked up to front and kept that post. Coming out of the dip the whole bunch was at the whip with Suit leading, pushed bv Gort, and Mingbool and Mungo racing for tliivd place. Suit however kept his position past the post, followed -a a couple of lengths away by Gort with Mungo a good third. Time, 4 min. 5 2-5 see. Totalizator dividend £5 5s. MAIDEX PIATB, of 19 sovs. For horses that have never won an advertised race. About three-quarters of a mile. Mr. John Robertson's Contention, by Britisher, 5 yrs., Sst. 121b. (Skinner) ... Mr. J. Whelan's Minstrel Boy, 5 yrs, 8st. 91b. (Kodgkins) Mr. T. H. Clark's La Plata, aged, 8st. 91b. (Owner) Other sorters—Her Ladyship, Silverlocks, British Girl, Sholto, Barbed Wire, Loyalty, Young Aibyn. Contention showed his nine competitors a clean pair, of heels- from the start, and, with the exception of a strong effort by Minstrel Bov" when entering the straight, there was not a ghost of a suspicion that anything dee was 'in it. Minstrel Boy was a poor second, and La Plata third Time 1 rain, 29secs. Dividend, £110s. MOOT GAHBIEB HANDICAP, of 40 sovs.. with a sweep of l BOV. to go to second hone. About one mile and a half. Mr. W. Robertson's Diamond King, by King of the Ring, 4 yrs, Sst. 71b. (C. Kins) ... - Mr. H. Hopwood's Called liack,' aged, 7st. (A. Graham) „. Mr. Jim Whelan's ITnis, aged, 7st. 121b (Hodgkins) ..." Other starters — Dartmoor and. -British Maid. After a good, start Called Back got out of t]i<i ruck and led past the stand fol lowed by Dartmoor with the three others bunched together. This order was kept up till they entered the dip, on.emerging from which Diamond ILing was seen coming strong and gradually drawing away finished easily Aree lengths ahead of Called Back. Time 2 min 60 sec. Dividend, £1 8s. SOFFRS-EASTEHIR' : STEEPLECHASE, a liandi- p until', sovs. out of the and A half. r. A, Campbell s nfl Alice, by Xing Arthur, aged, Qst. 71b. (Mr.-ttodfr«y Watson) - . 1- Mr. M. 3. Hayes's Motala, agod, lOst. 101b. (Laveriy)'" ..." ... ... 2 Mri Wm. Stobeii^'s ^Cufcti^sh, ' ..^V *v 3 Brilliant, Sunfieh, and Regala^by ; also tarted. This wasthe ^^ofiieday. ^ ix got away to a goijd stait, Rt^olator showing ihe-'ptheN bdw-^lto he second time past: the stand, virhen Motala began to push up, with Siinfish and Cuttlefish following. Every jump was negotiated like clockwork, and the former positions were kept nto the dip and out of it, at which pK>iht the gray fell off giving jpflace to Motalaj who was in turn displaced by Alice at the last jump. Sunfish here madethe only break in a mag-, nificent' race by ; running oS, and McGregor on Cuttlefish, appeared to be waiting to put his spoke in 1 v Getting into the r straight he brought his mount close on the leaders, but was too late to seore, and finished third. Each of the .three as they passed ihto the scales received a round of cheering. Time 5 min. 26 sec. Dividend, £2 4s. VOLCANO HANDICAP, of 20 sovs. About fire furlongs.' Mr. Wm. Robertsons Acorn, 7st. 71b. 1 Mr. Wm. Anderson's Mermaid, 8st 6 lb. - (Callaghan) 2 Mr. W. Mcgregor ns Little Martin, 121b. ... .i. ... 3 Seventeen candidates faced the starter for the Volcano Handicap, and the pack got away in astring abqut 50 yards long, with Tar' loop in the l^d. .Coming out of the :dip Mermaid was leading. Wrattenbullie, who was much fancied, -gave his admirers hope for a while by running into third place, but at the rails Acorn had gotahead and finished an easy win by two length. p 