LITERARY & THEATRICAL. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, May 12,1894. The initial volume of the Antonym Library, a companion series in size and shape to the successful Pseudonyms, consists of two short magazine (stories by Marion Crawford. The first) U called "The Upper Berth," and tells with Borne embroidery the famous yarn of the hannted cabin on board tbe Cunard liner Siberia, which most Atlantic travellers of a decade ago will have heard in one form o r another. Mr. Crawford makes the ghost appear in a vacant upper berth and mysteriously lore bis terrified neighbor below down the p&SEages;, op the nearest companion-ladder, and overboard. Four un happy voyagers have disappeared mys teriously from the state-room in this manner when the narrator, against advice, in eista on occupying it. He does not quite go overboard, being saved by careful watchers, but his experiences are of a most gruesome and alarming description. Finally the captain of ttie btuamer and the ssaio audooiotu pas efinfier resolve to 666 up together with a light and experiment on the ghost. What happens I leave you to dieaover, suffice ii to say here the captain refu?estoEa.il any more in the K&mukatcha; (an Mr. Crawford rechriettos her), and the oabin v screwed up ned abandoned to ghosts for en* and ever. The eecocd story in the volume may be passed over as paddiag. Tbe new 2a. 6d. edition of " David Grieve" just out here has I expect been in circulation for some time in your part of the world. If not it is emphatically c. cheap reissue to be bought. Let me again impress on all to loss co time in procuring and enjoying "Maroelia" directly an opportunity of borrowing or pur-, chas-ing that truly great novel occurs. The sale of "Esther Waters" has gonenp by leaps and bounds since the conduct of Smith's iibrary in refusing to circulate it has been dUcuesed by all sorts and conditions of j litterateurs in the Doily Chronicle. Mr. Faux j (tbe librarian) made a. huge mistake in an-| swering Conan Doyle & Co. Tbe position of the library is dear. It doesn't cater or pretend to cater for bachelors, for students, cr for "modern" females, but for respectable middle - class fami lies. Any book which the librarian has' sound reasons for supposing paterfamilias woald cot care about seeing in the hands of his women-folk it becomes hit duty to rappreea. Now, Mr. George Moore's "Esther Waters" may, as Meeers. Norman, Couch, and devotees of the "Yellow Cook declare, be a work of transcendent geoioa. Everyone will readily admit it is exceedingly clever. If it be High Art to picture in vivid and desperately real language the vulgarities and crudities of the kitchen, tbe public house bar, and tbe lying-in hospital then "tether Waters" is High Art. At tbe same time oven our most advanced "Yellow Book "-era do not, I imagine, desire their lads and lasses to peruse tbeee "pathetic actualities." Therefore Mr. Faux did per ieotly right to refuse to circulate "Kscbfcr \y raten<." Personally, if I were the respon sible head of c family library, I should travel considerably further than Mr. Faux on the road of strict propriety. Out of, my stalls would go not merely Mr. George Moore's masterpieces, bat &Lx;> Mr. Hubert Craclran thorpe'e. Mr. "George Egertoo's," Mr. Symoc'c, and—prepare for a severe shock— even the history of that qauby young person, "Teat ol the l>'Urbervillea." Mr. Hndyard Kipling was the guest of tbe evening at a booae dinner of the Author* 1 CJub the other day and read a new poem for tbe benefit of tbe company. Amongst cheap editions at 2s. of novels worUi reading may be mentioned ilemman'e "From One Generation to Another." mod Mrs. Stephen Dataon'a much over-praised "Bade" Both were widely read at the libraries in 3 voL form. It ift a significant indication of the times that the .At&ciurum; has begun to advertise, and that it* reviews have suddenly become much more up-to-date. The proprietary are evi dently wide sinks ?t last to the danger of allowing the dailies to beat them at their own game. The sodden odlapee of SaWt Journal sug gests that possibly the (airy stories of huge profits made by come of the other miscellaneous rinywortbs may sot be altogether reliable, bear, by-tht- way, that the WtMtminiier Gamtt is soaking up large portions of die dollars earned by TTit-Bit,t t, &a;, end tint Mr. Kewnes «ays every Saturday he means the following week to be its last. Unques tionably onless the Liberal party come to the rescue with • iubaidy the paper will come to an end. The Senate, "the ocean of tbe aristocracy," as that unconscionable idiot Mr. Smart Ertkine calls his new weekly six-penn'orth of "piffle," bas absolutely noshing to reooicmend it aa*e the editor's egotism, which is (sufficiently vast to be amusing. His special aversion is Le GsJlienne, whom, with a spasm of would-be wit, be rechristens "Le Gallipot.'' Quite a large number of artistes well known in Australia are playing in the revival of "The Two Orphans" ■* tbe Adelpbi. Chaa. Cartwrigbt and William Bignold are the brothers Pierre and Jacques. TDolora Drum nsond is Ia JFrochsrd, and Alice Uncard re* turn* to the stage after her lengthynetto pourtray the Countess de Liniere, Herbert Fleming being her husband. Playgoers of 12 years ago or a little more in your part of the world will, I doubt not, recall Alice Lt??aid is this vary piece as Louise. What a fine action she was then, to be sure, and what a lovely woman. Even now—though just a wee hit—well—over blown—she makes up grandly. Marion Terry is the "LouUe" of tbe Ad el phi revival, and ho- niece Alias Craig (Ellen's daughter) Cora. Mr. Whistler has discovered even a greater enemy than *' theSoutb Australian kangaroo," Mortimer Menpee. This is Mr. Domanrar, whose new novel, ''Trilby," at present run ning through Uarptr't, contains, it is alleged, an unmistakable and most malicious carica ture of "the great James." That the cvt — whether accidental or intentional —has struck home the following eminently characteristic epistle shows. It is addressed to the editor of a Xjondon daily paper:— " It would seem, notwithstanding my boastful declaration, that, after all, I had not. before leaving England, oomolfctely rid myself of that abomination—the 'friend 1 One Bolifcwy un heeded one—Mr. George Dnmaurier—still remained, hidden in Hampatead. On that healthy Heath he has been harboring, for nearly half a life, every villainy of goodftllow ship that could be perfected by the careless frequmtation of onr early intimacy asd ray unsuspecting camaraderie. Of this pent-up envy, malice, and furtive intent, he never, at aay moment during all that rime, allowed me, while affectionately grasping his honest Anglo-French fist, to detect the faintest indication. Xow that my back U turned, the old marmite of our pot ou fru he filU with the piorioaoid of 30 years' spite, and in an American magarine fires off hie tomb of mendacious recollection and poisoned nncune. The lie with which it is loaded, ii yum intention, he proposes for my possible 'future biographer'—but I fancy it explodes, as is usual, in his own waistooat, andvhe furnishes in his present unseemly state an excellent example of all those others who, like biisgulf. have thought a foul friend a finer fellow than an open enemy. Reflection—The compagnon of the petard we guillotine. Guineas are riven to the popular companion : who prepares bis infernal machine for tbe din tiognibhed aw-ornatee in whose friendship he I has successfully speculated." ' Geo. Bernard Shaw's " Arms and the Man" in on dii to b« burlesqued as "Lots sod the i Woman." Tbe Prince of Wales paid the Avenue a visit the other night and business seems fair. \ Mr. Bancroft bas wisely resolved not to play bis old part of Blount in " Money," and Mr. Allan Aynesworth, who scored so in "The Idler," has been engaged for the role. Mr. Archer, who for years made " Deadly Smooth •' his own, playing it in all the Ban croft and come [of the Vaudeville revivals, is not available, so Mr. Brookfield has a great chance of achieving * hie therein. The cast altogether will rank with that of "Diplo macy" last year as one of the strongest ever known. Ynette Guilbert, the Bessie Bellirood of the Parisian cafes chantanta, who commenced an engagement at the Empirelastnightatasalary of G.OOO francs a week, has fear personal attrac tions. Her figure is thin, her neck long and peraggy, her arms skinny, and she has no bunt. Nevertheless wa have not a vocalist on the music-hall stage who can touch her either as regards gestures, or facial expression, or clearness of delivery. Her success at the Empire was instant and complete, ju&t; as it was when she suddenly blossomed into fame at the Alcazar a few years ago. Mdlle. Guilbert then seemed destined to swell I the ranks of failures. After an inglorious I theatrical career she had drifted to the cafes obantants. Her first engagement at the Eldorado fell completely flat. The manage ment politely fainted it would be tbe last. Half desperate with reverses Ynette went on to the Alcazar. There was an immense house and to the debutante's amazement the audience simply rose at her. Kert morning as Mdlle. Guilbert lay in bed reading columns about the audacity and chic and originality of the new chanteuee she rubbed her eyes. Could it indeed be herself t The day before 60 francs a week would have seemed a splendid offer. That morning two tenders of 3,000 francs a week bad already reached her. Through Ynette Guilbert'a art is in a superior tort of way similar.to Bessie Bellwood's, she does not [in private liferesembleour too lively Elizabeth Annie. Like the Charringtona Mr. Juo. 1\ Sheridan has lost in management in a few weeks in England all the money he made in Australia and New Zealand and been obliged to file bis petition, Ibiaia the more remarkable because pieces of the class of " Fun on the Bristol are decidedly popular just now, and eince tils collapse "ati the Vaudeville Mr. Sheridan has been playing tbe " Widow O'Brien" (now ru christened "The Second Mrs. Block") with all his old success at tbe Lyric Theatre, 