Thn Enmore Kystory. \- Until someone is arrested, brought before a police court and fined, tho stone-throwing at Eturjore will be a mystery, and a godsend to tho Sydney papers in tho way of eonsationai headlines. It will also give .au opportunity to writers to turn up works or reference, aud air a borrowed ?:nowlcclge of mysteries from thai o£ the witch of TSndor to iho Cock-lane ghost, mid the siono-tlivovriug at tho Jl::ele;tn. Sicantiiise, it leads peopie io v.-ouder why these iatter day ; mysteries so frequently take- tho form of stouo and brick-throwinjj. If tho spirit world has auything to do with this bombardment of houses in a Sydney suburb, then all that can bo said for the spirit world is that it shows excessively low tastes by manifesting itself through a medium which is. generally otiiy adopted by larrikins. But if on the other hand there is no real mystery about the discharge of those missiles, and they come lrom tho hands of ordinary human beings, that would seem to argue that stoue- tbrowhig as an effort to imitate the mysterious is simply adopted because stones and bits of brick offer the readiest means to those idle hands* for whom Satan, as the poem tells us, finds sosne mischief: still to do. There is ono thing, however, which the JSutnoto Ktono throwing mystery appears to have settled. That is that the police, even when armed with revolvers, arc no match for ghosts or spirits whether real or simulated. Spirits in bottles arc often too much for the police, but spirits out of bottles, who throw atones aud bricks, arc invariably quite out of police control. 'What is wanted for manifestations like thnsoat Eamore is a man like JJisniarc!;. It will be remembered that when the groat Oxcr jikui Chancellor was bossing not only hi.s master's empire but pretty well all Kurope, a few spirits or "super natural ageucies of some kind or another got up a starilisig scrie3 of Manifestations in connection with a country church. Tlie manifestations liko those at ICninore went on to the i wonder of many, ami in despite of local police authority, until Bismarck . had to interfere, 110 aent a troop of ! dragoons who drew n. cordon around ! the place, and ho al.su announced that auy captured spirits would bo dealt i with under martial law. There were no more maiiifcstatioiis. 