AN OUTCAST: IT 1OB3i X OOKZING, ASm .' The trcy dt Asdrew Firfalb "Jabm Masti rbsook," "HSlab," oe, [AL, Rzex Eanvmv ,] Published by special arrangement with Messrs Ward, Lock and .Bowden, Limited. [Ai BEIGHTS BESSEED.] CHAPTER IL --CONTINUDO. "A few days later Mr. Roberts returned from Melbourne. He had not enjoyed his visit, he said, and was not so keen at bargaining as he used to be. He hoped Ishmael would go in the future, and then he looked towards his daughter, as if wondering whether the young man had spoken while he had been away. " You posted my letter P" said Ishmael, at length. "Yes," replied Richard, "I managed to do that, and I bought a paper for you. I thought you might be interested in it. It's an oldish one, but I see it's printed at Truro, and as you told me you corned from the West of England, I knowed it would interest you more than a later one that might be printed in London. Here it is, The West Briton. The chap as sold it to me told me he only got it by accident." He handed the paper to Ishmael, who went out alone to read it. It was the first communication he had receive-, from there. and where his heart's love still remain-d, and he wanted to be alone and in silence a. he readit. The firstpage interestedhimbut little, neither did the second, although he read several items about the markets of Bodmin, Liskeard, St. Austell, and many other places with a coricus feeling at heart. It seemed so strange that he, away in Australia. should be reading accounts of the doings of people in the county of his boyhood. Presently his heart gave a throb, and the blood recc'dd from his face, while for a second his hands trembled so that he dropped the paper. He picked it up again immediately, how ever, and this was what he read : " There were great rejoicings at Coombs head, the seat of Francis Retallick, Esq.. on Wednesday last, on the homecoming of Mr. Frank Retallick with his fair young bride. Our readers will remember the festivities on the occasion of their mar riage, recorded in this paper some time ago. Since then theyhave beento the South of France, and Italy, also across the Mediterranean to Algiers. Evidently they have spent an exceedingly happy honey moon, for both look well and very joyous. The young bride, especially, entered into the spirit of the festivities on Wednesday. not allowing the shadow which fell on her life by the sudden and sad death of her father to interfere with the natural gaiety of the occasion. We heartily wish the young couple every blessing, and have no doubt that in due time the young squire will represent our interests in the House of Commons as one of our county members." At first Ishmael read this in a dazed. distracted sort of way, but presently its meaning became more clear to him. Grace, the maiden whom he had fondly called his Grace, had wedded Frank Betallick. She had fulfilled her vow. He knew what was become of her now, and a shadow as black as night had fallen upon him. All these months. in spite of everything, he had a sort of hope that Grace would refuseto become Retallick's wife. Surely she who had confessed her lovetf1r-hinm who had clung to him when he bade her go, would never fulfil a promise made in a moment of mad frerzy. Not that he ex pected her to softenin her feelings towards him, for he had driven her father t, death; but he had a sort of feeling that somehow she would refuse to link her life with a man whom on her own confession she did not love. But that was over now. He read that she was gay and joyous that she had forgotten all sadness, ay, and forgotten her fond vows of love which she had made to him. He laughed a hard bitter laugh, like the Ishmael of old time The cold cruel look came back to his eyes, his face became sullen and cynical, like it was before he realized his love. For a momenthe almost regretted the step he had taken, and felt tempted to go back to England and c'aim his rights. Why should he not? Why should this false, fickle creature enjoy his wealth with a man for whom she had for saken him P 3ut this feeling only possessed his heart for a moment. No sooner did the thought enter his mind teean he repelled it, for he felt that his love for Grace was as strong as ever. He dared not ruin her happiness by going back. No, no; the sacrifice should be complete. He would be as nobody, he would spend the few years of his life in loneliness and solitude, and then he would die, unknown and uncared-for. For hours he walked alone in the solitude of the Australian farm,and alone he fought his battle. Surely it was well for Grace that she did not know, well for her that in her ease and gladness she did not realize that this great-hearted man dragged out hours of agony because she had discarded him. Still, he felt that somehow God was just. Grade ought to be happy, for she was free from guilt, while he who had sown the Seeds of hate must reap. And he was reaping, reaping a harvest that was maddening him. He realized more than ever.thbat nell was not a place, that it was a condition of the heart and life, and that whether in England or in the solitude of Australia, it mattered not, for he carried his sorrow withhim Still, he could not help loving Grace. True, she was another man's wife, and she had condemned him without fair judg ment; bhut this could not kill his love; ay, and he was glad of his love, too. It was still the bright spot in his life, it was still on<me ray that shone from heaven. While he loved her he was not a lost man, and \- throughit, hopeless though it was, he was saved from the darknesess of despair Thus, too, his hopetess love made him feel that there must be a world beyond, and that in that great life he would claim as histhe bheart he did not understand, And thus, after many hours of battling, a eort of peace came upon him. He knew the worst, and after a time a great quiet strength came into his heart. Somehow, Iis sorrow, ay his very despair, led him cut into a larger hope and life, Dim yet, but still not unreal; and he felt that some how the God who had given the harvest so justly, would in thegreat a sweep of Eternity axplain to him, so that he might ejpljin to her, the mystery of their past pain. .On the following day he noticed how kind. nd considerate Mary Boberts was, and he saw, too, how anxious her father was for him to take the burden of respon esibility and are from his shoulders. Bat he could not think of that yet; perhaps in time he might .see that the course of his life lay in that direction. The weeks still passed away, and lengthened into months, and Ishmael be came accustomed to the thought of Grace being the wife of Frank Retallick, but the oam that surged in his .heart for her was ,as great as ever. Then suddenly he awoke to the thought that it was a sin to encour age this los. She was another's, she .could never be his. Was it not his duty to .eek to kill such an affection, and to drive all thoughts of her away from his mind ? ifPerhape, if he wedded Mary Roberts, he nmight forget Grace-at least, in that way. Day by day he saw more and more what .a true, simple-minded girl this child of :solitude was, and saw, too, how gladly she .received every kind word he spoke. Shoulad she not ask her to behis ife, and then, be cause of his duty to her, he would crush the love he felt for Grace. What be might have done I know not, for he began to feel careless about happi ness or sorrow. He desired to do right, but somehow, his mind was clouded and a great weight rested upon him. But his interest was slightly aroused by a message from John Fraser. asking him to come and give him some advice ;n r' ltion to his stock. He had had very bad luck, so be said, and "his ideas " wouldn't do, and he wanted Ishmael to come, and give him a h.lping hand. Accordingly, one morning Ishmael started to visit John Fraser, thinking, no doubt, that that worthy had squandered his money, and was in trouble generally, but never dreaming that his visit would again link his life to the sorrow of the past, and again place dread alterns tives before him. Yet so it was, for "The wheels of God grind slowly, But they grind exceeding smalL" And so, in spite of his hopelessness, he was still led onward by a path which he knew not. CHAPTER III. L- ONELY VALLEY. "If thine enemy hunger, feed him; if he thirst, give him drink."- -S. PU?a ... SThe quality of mercy is not strained; ft droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed, It blesseth him that gives and him that takes: Tis might iest in the mightiest; it becomes The throned monarch better than his crown- It is an attribute to God Himself ; And earthly power doth then show likest God's When mercy seasons justice." -Merchant of Venice. " Well, Fraser, what's wrong P" "A man of honor, of principle, of con ;cience, of idaas, can't get on at all," re plied John gravely. " Been taken in P'' " Bought some head of cattle cheap, and hey turned out to be diseased. They've ll died, and my money's gone "Ah, said Ishmael wearil, tell me how rou stand in other matters.' A few minutes later, lie understood fohn's position. It was not nearly as bad is he expected, but was still bad. He seeded cattle greatly, and. he had so money to buy. There was no grain o sell, the time for shearing the sheep van not yet come, while to sell the sheep o buy bullocks would be a matter of obbing Peter to pay Paul. On the whole John was solvent, but he adly needed a helping hand in the way of eady money. " Do you know of any cattle for sale P " asked Ishmael. "Yes; a man has some to sell in Lonely Palley." "I'll go and have a look at them," said shmael; "you may get them cheap. If [ see fit I'll buy some. I'll take your bhepherd with me, and you must do his york." " But surely I'm the man to go with ron," said John, with dignity. "No," said Ishmael; "I couldn't stand tour company." He went away towards Lonely Valley, aking Fraser's shepherd with him. Lonely Valley was a place worthy its tame. Surrounded by a range of hills, it ras hidden from sight, and while one end f the valley contained good fertile land, he other was a miasmatic swamp. A more onely place could not be found in the rilds of Australia. After some searching hey found, not the farmer, but his servant. rho stated that he was empowered to sell he cattle. lshmael did not like the look f this fellow, and he quickly discovered -.b--the-men- wasre eeedingly?a iona.to sake a bargain at a price far below their -lue rather than not sell the cattle at "Where is your master P" he asked, resently. The man turned his finger northward. "I will go and see him." " It's no use. He waan't see nobody. Ie keeps out of sight, and never speaks." "Why P What's his namel" " He's a queer man, he's allays looking ound as though he was 'fraid. He told ne I could sell the bullocks. His name is rohn Green." Ishmael watched the man closely, and elt convinced that something was wrong. " 'll go and see him," he repeated. "No use," said the man, kicking a dump of wood uneasily, "he wasn't see ou ; besides, he's ilL" "ll! What's the matter with him P" "I dunnow, and don't care. l'm not oin' to s ay here. 'Tis lonely enough to nako a man die if the blues. How much I 'ee give for the cows?" "I must see your master," asid Ishmael 'Come, Bill," speaking to Fraser's shep serd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's souse." "No," said the man sulkily; "what's :he use?" Then he garnished his angusge with several oaths. Without a word Ishmaeldrove the cattle nwards the farmer's house, the man fol lowing and expostuating. When he saw that they paid no attention he turned and left them. Evidently he had been seeking to serve his own ends. After a time they mame up to the farmer's house-a poor, dreary-Looking shanty built of rough slabs of wood. There were no signs of life any where. "' The place do luk deserted," said the shepherd. Ishmael rapped the door of the hut with his stick, and in reply heard a faint murmur, whereupon he entered Lynmg on a low bed in the ccrner of the room he saw the form of a man. Hs could not see his face, for it was turned towards the wall, but he judged him to be ill "'1 heard you had some cattle for sale," said Ishmbel, "and I came over to look at them. I did not like the look of your man, and so I thought Td come to you. I did not know you were so ill." The man on the bed moved uneasily, and groaned. "I've been ill in bed for a week," he said, in weak voice; "before that I could do nothing for along while. The old woman left me, while the man has been selling everything without consulting me." "We thought so much," said the shep. herd, "tham's why we come to you. But be you 'ere all'lope like this P Don't no body tend on you like P Who gits yer mait P" " ' don't want any one," said the sufferer. "I can't eat, I only want drink. I've got a jug of water." As he spoke, Ishmael's hand trembled, and his eyes shone strangely. "Go out and keep your eye on the cattle," he said, in a husky voice. The man obeyed, leaving Ishmael alone with the sufferer. "It surely cannot be," he muttered. " ?o, no ;" but he went up to the sick man, and palled away the handkerchief which had partly covered his head. He saw the face of a man, slightly past middle age, who had evidently been shamefully neglected, and was in a terrible condition. All this, however, did nothide the identity of the sufferer. It was Benben Pen withen I For a moment Ishmsel was too astonthed to speak; the man whom he thought dead cys not dead at all, and, in spite of everything, a grdat Joy came into his heart He had not killed him! B:ut this was only for a bpoment. teuben Pen withen alive or Bonben Penwithen dead could not avail now, for Grace had ade her choice, she had taken lier final stp. The sufferer looked up towar4. )m visitor with a languid stare. Evidently the few minutes of reason which he had possessed were nearly gone. " Who are you P" he said vacantly. "My God! ,' exclaimedIehmaeL "It is heo it irs leuben Penwithen I" ' What is that T' said the dLck man ,, Ys, the cows, pad the uhinp, aU4 *h young cattle, they all went away, and I am so thirsty.- Oh, my poor head ! Neove mind, there's a' good spring at the end of the house, and nobody can find me here. Yes, I'm safe, I'm safe !" He was quite delirious now, and knew not who was near, while Ishmael rea'ised that his breath was fmotid and laden with disease. The young man went out into the open air, and the world seemed a changed place. Bill, the shepherd, was smoking, while the cattle quietly grazed ; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minutes he realised how things stood. Reuben Penwithen had not committed suicide, doubtless he had been afraid when the time had come, and, instead, had left the country because he was -fraid of the law. He had come to Lonely Valley necause it was the loneliest and leant fre quented place he could find. All had gone well for a time ; but, when he became ill, the servants had, no doubt, taken advantage of him, and robbed him, and, to end adl, they had left him in his sickness and sor row. Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and .forsaken. The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, and he was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his young days, had hoped would befal Reuben Penwithen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged I The man's life seemed largely in his hands now. He had no friend, no deliverer I Well, why should be care ? No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had become resigned to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then ? This man had blighted, rained his life-let him die If--ah, if Grace's fate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrible newspaper paragraph, it might have been to his advantage to risk his life by nursing the fever- stricken man back to health, and have taken him back home, and then to have said to Grace, "Bee, I have saved year father, and have brought him back to you.'" But that could not be now. She was the wife of another, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Sup pose he left him, who would know, who would care? "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling possessed him as he wandered alone among the forest glades. Yes,.he would take the shepherd back, and leave him. Perhaps he might, for decency's sake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew of so one who would come and nurse hm. Evidently he was suffering from an attack of fever, the nature of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and he was sure that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why should not this be the case ? He, Ishmael, was a soured, hopeless man; why should he seek to nurse his enemy back to life, and send him back to his children ? "I say, boss, what are 'ee agoin' to do I It'll be dark in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouted Bill. "It'll be bright moonlight," said lshmael shortly. " True; but I warts to git back, I do." "Very well, we'll go together." ' What about the baists 1" "Let them stay." "And the sick man?* I s'pose that sneak of his'll come back to nurse him" "Just so," said Ishmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards, while the cattle looked wistfully after them ; then Bill said: "Seems kind o' bad to leave 'nn, don't it !" "Why? will you go and nurse him " "Not me. Besides, his oan man-that is -he looks as though he's got the dark fever." "He's left him; you heard him say so. Besides, he's tried to rob him." "I don' know nothin' 'bout that, but 'tisn't tor me to go back and tend to 'un." Ishmael stopped suddenly. "Bill," he said," you've got the dog. YouT :ounldtake.thosaattla.ha,,- ,,-• "Then do it, and'tell Fraser to send word to Mdr Roberts that I shan't be back for a time. I'm going to get a nurse for him." " But, bat-" "That'll do. Do as I say. If you can't get back to-night you can turn into Harris's place; he'll put you up for the night." "All right." They turned back, and a few minutes later Bill was drivin Beuben Penwithen's cattle towards John Fraser's farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Reuben Pean withen.lay. He stopped at the door and listed. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace and Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gamn. " Grace is breaking her heart I" he cried cried. "And so is Bertie. My poor chil dren I Ah, they don't know. Yes, they do. They will have found out their father's a murderer. . That fiend, Ishmael, will let them know. Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be 'corned by everybody; and yet I love them so. My poor-Amelia's children I" "1I'll do it for Grace's sake," Ishmael said. " She is another man's wife, but I love her still. I'll nurse him for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my best; and itf not, I can tell him the truth and send him sack happy. At any rate, I shall have made Grace happy-and she, oh, God help me I" He still loathed Reuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out of his life by this man; but, at any rate, no would do his best. He entered the house again, and as he did so, he felt the air to be full of disease. It was little he knew of nursing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the general course of this fever, from which, no doubt, BRnben was suffering. After watch ng him an hour, and remembering what he ead said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time. On his own confession he had been iu bed nearly a week, while before that he had been unwell. From what be had read and heard he knew that while the fevar gene rally came suaddenly, and revealed itself in a shivering fit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listless ness, loss of appetite, and wandering liainsin the body. This had evidently been the case with Reuben. He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips were invested with the morbid epithelium which had been shed. The pulse was weak but fraqaent. From these symptoms heb conoladna that the fever must have been in the system for nine or ten days; If that were so, the next four or five days would be most critipsr.a A doctor had told him that death seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care must be taken. Why had he not told Bill to run for adoctor But then he reficoteod that doctor? were not of great skill or cleverness in the bush, ant might not be of so much value. Still, he wished he had thought of it, for now it seemed imposible to take any steps in that direction. He dared not leave him, for he knew that patients nsuffering from this disease often tried to get out of bed, and thun it no one were near, death would be al most inivitable. Still, he hoped that in a day or two some one would come. He was glad now that he had studied doctors' books years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. He remembered much of what his mother had told him as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neighborhoods, she had a knowledge of the use of herbs, and she had told him. Of the science of medicine, how ever, he knew next to nothing, and, even if he did, the knowledge would not hare availed him now, for he was far, far away from any place where drugsof any sort could be obtained. He started to work, fiBrst of all caring for the comfort of his patient. He caused the atmosphere of the room to be made sweet, and theh searched among the boxes in an adjoining room for clean clothes. Tenderly asaa wom~, ha did all in his power to make the bed more pleaant o. which to he, and ten phe began td (eiarch around for paome thing 1in the way of food. He went out into the yard, but could em nothing suitable. He came in again and looked into the kitchen, which had also beer usedas pantry. There was little of imme diate service bgbt he found a .all bspd mill and some wheat. Presently he espied a ,un and a bag contaising cartridges. This ho, immediately loaded and went out again. The evening was drawing in, but there was :ight enough for him to see a couple of birds. These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, but he managed pretty well, and in a little while had prepared a tasty dish. Reuben Pen withen was still delirious, but he took the soup Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. hbis over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open air again The night had come on now, and all was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon shine brightly, and the air seemed pure; but the loneliness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from the nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally de serted. No doubt Reuben Penwithen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too, this was why his servants left him. Everything was terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he hated his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his friend, or brother. Why was it? He had wanted to leave him, but could not, something forebade him. He had come back to nurse him; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yee he felt happier than he had done for a long while. Why was it? He could not tell. He went into the hut again and lit a little oil lamp, and thusee could see his patient. He murmured constantly about Grace, and Bertie, and Penwithen, also about the ghost of some one, who, he said, he could not recognise. And then, again, he seemed to worry about his farm, and the way his ser vants treated him. But he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one intensely weary. Ishmael went out again. The terrible silence of the night seemed to have a fasci nation for him. How long would it be be fore some one would callf BSurely Billwould let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Roberts. In two days at latest, some one would come. He was conscious of a curious smell in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath of wind blew, but he fancied that nowand then there was a slight movement in the atmos phere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising from the swamp, He had heard of poisonous vapours coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible significance of ttus. ' When he entered again, Reuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael detected that the smell had entered the room. In his anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened the little casement window, and thus let in the foul smell. He closed it again as quickly as possible, but made a little open ing on the other side. He knew the value of fresh air for such a disease Presently the patient became more restful, and lsh mael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night passed slowly away, and when the morning came Reuben showed no signs of reason. Ishmael did all in his power; but he longed with a great longing for some one to come ; but he longed in vain. The day passed without anything worth noting, so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Reuben was always worse at night, especially was this the case when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together, alone. Eeuben knew that he web carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. le took no interest in him, but the young man knew that, considering all things, Renben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end, and still no mne came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. 'he few things which the old woman, who ad acted asý fteuben's.housekeer, had left Sthe ttle ktchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more ; he knew, too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not suitable. What could he doP For, in spite of himself, a great hungering lesire came into his heart to save Reuben. He knew not why, and yet at times he felt as though he would gladly give his life for bim. Why was it? Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of grace; and yet this did not explain suffi:iently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoice when he was better P Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his recovery P Oh, if only some one would come P Why was it that he was left alone P The truth was that Bill did not get back to Fraser with the cattle until the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned the fact of Ishmael having gone .to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news F, aser did not communicate to Richard Roberts until two days after. When Richard heard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as Mary had gone away to visit the neighbors mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but grumble at J shmael's absence, and wonder, when, day after day, he did not come. Still, he knew that Ishmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able to care for him. self. Thus ishmaelwas left alone with Reuben, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature and common sense to help him, fought a dread disease. On the filth day Ishmael realised that Beuben was better. He was no longer deli rious, but he seemed like a child. He ap. peared to recognise him, but it made no im pressiononhim. But lshmael was not sur prised at this. Perhaps, another day his reason might become clear. And so, indeed, it proved. The young man, seeing his patient asleep in the afternoon, had gone out for a few minutes; when he came back he saw hat a great change had come about. A look of intelligence shone in his ayes, and he was evidently carefully connelting events, As lahmial entered, he looked np, half fearfully, half wonderingly. "You are Ishmael, Ishmael Pengelly I" he said excitedly; "and you have nursed me to "Yes,' replied Ishmael quietly. (Tabs Continud.i) 