NOTES OF THE WEEK. ' Attention in Parliament thia week having been concentrated upon the Budget speech, the proceedings have been somewhat tame. Mr. Nelson's statement has, on the whole, been well received. It is not by any means an inflammatory prescription, and in the meantime has excited little irritation. Thc tobacco duties are thc only cause of conten- tion. Of them, it has been remarked, the amount involved is so small that it need not provoke opposition. Small as tho1' impost on the local product may be, if it arrest thc expansion of a growing industry, it should be dispensed with. Till once our pro- ducers have had a fair chance at growing, and our manufacturers at preparing accept- able smoking tobacco and cigars, consumers should not grumble at being compelled to use the colonial article. Habit has a great deal to do with smoking, and familiarity with the home-made article should be encouraged. The Labour members have taken occasion to advo- cate their views upon taxation, and they deserve careful attention. Our exports far exceed our imports; largo areas of land ure held by absentees waiting for the unearned increment; and the benefits of others are approximated by money-lenders. Hence wc find Labour members proposing property, absentee, and mortgage taxes. To attempt to get rid of absentees and mortgagors at once would increase the existing depression, but it would be well for the colony if it could do without them. Th« bye elections laBt week resulted in the return of the Ministerial candidates. Their return immediately after the publication of the Treasurer's statement ebon s that thc electors have confidence in thc j present Government. Mr. Donaldson was a strong Opposition candidate for Toombul, and bad the support of thc Labour party, yot he was defeated by a con- siderable majority. In Aubigny electorate the contest was closer, the successful candi- date getting in by only a few votes. Still, he defeated the late member, who was sup- ported by the full strength of the local op- position. The capture ol Aubigny is a gain to the Government. When Government ia found subsidising thc press there is room to distrust both, and there appears to be occasion for inquiry ns to how tho types used in printing the Trea- surer's statement in Hanmrd came to be used in the columns of thc Brisbane Courier and the Brisbane Telegraph. A glance at thc issues of these journuls for Thursday, thc 2nd of August, shows that they coutuin thu speech set up in strange type, and which baa a wonderful resemblance to that used in Hanmrd. The arrangement of the paragraphs, and cross-headings are the same, save that thc Courier has substituted full capitals for small capitals in the title lines. It is quite plain the journals have had assistance from the Government printing office. Perhaps they paid for it, but if they did it would not bc at the usual rate. Government used to assist the provincial newspapers by sending them free a copy of the Kudget Speech by telegraph. This was of great tdvantage to the rate- payers generally, because it put merchants and others interested on the same footing oe dealers in the metropolis ; now, however, provincial newspapers have to pay for all thc telegrams they get, and cannot afford to have more than a brief summury of the speech transmitted. Perhaps some member of the Assembly will geta little light let in upon the transaction. [Since the above lines were penned wc have learned by telegram that the Member for Toowong has been interrogating Government on the subject, mid the Colonial Secretary has acknowledged lending thu types from the Government printing office to thc Telegraph.] This has been a comparatively quiet week with respect to the strike in thc weal. Thc second lot of free labourera arrived wifely at Longreach; and left at once fur West lund Station, whero they have orrived by now. A small second detachment of free labourers went out this week for Rowen Downs, »nd reached their destination withnul difficulty. There was some little trouble at- Alice Downs, but it was easily surmounted, und that shod is now at work. Altogether it is being mude plaiucr and plainer that thc pastoralists arc experiencing little or no difficulty in tilling their sheds on thc terms offered. Tho next lot of free labourers to arrive here will be thc New Zealand men, and when they come there will bs sufficient labour at the service of thu pastoralists to take oh" all their'crop, The exact date of their arrival has not yet been fixed, but by another week they will certainly be on tho way, if they are not already herc. The uiual monthly meeting of the Gogango Divisional Board was held on Tuesday fore noou, from which Mr. Orr and Mr. Beardmore were absent. It appears from a coinmumca lion some of the local members had willi thc Minister of Works, (hero is some pro habllity of the Board gutting a grant foi the repair of tho Mount Morgan Rond Members of tho Board while sympathising ti some extent with the Rockhampton Towt Council, In their endeavours to stop tin ¡ turning out of stock on to tlic streets, were of opinion they already had power to ' deal with thc nuisance. A road near Mr. ' Swadling'« grazing farm is to be cleared, and l an offer from au adjoining selector to do it at s a certain rate was accepted. This is hardly fair to other residents in the locality, who might have licen prepared to undertake '' a portion of the work. Giving away I work at a contractor's own rate, even > upon the recommendation of the Supcrintcii . tendent, is not nltogethcr a > proper proceeding. * Mr. Adam Henderson, of Morinish, wrote a rather bitter letter about the way bc lins > been pestered with grass pirates, and made I some reflections upon thc matter which bud , better been spared. The Board evidently have little sympathy with him, but Iiis letter ' was received, though it is not likely anything ' will bc done with it. Selectors, mostly in 1 subdivision No. 1, wrote calling attention tn thc bsd state of thc roads in various localities. Mr. It. Armstrong still keeps poking ut the Hoard about the road to thc Sugar Plantation, and the latest idea scemB to be lo open one through Dr. Thurston's selection. Mr. Beak ' presented tt petition from residents at Kum Pirk asking that thc gate on the road lending into the township should bc relicensed. Considerable discussion took place on thc pioposal to grunt thc prayer of thc peti- tion, which was vigorously opposed by the Chuirmnn. Thc majority, however, decided to comply with it, and a gate will bc erected accordingly. Thc result »ill be that Emu Purk will he converted into a sort of com- monage for ult and sundry lo put their cattle into for seaside quarters. Stock are always better of a change of food as well as other animals, und this is principally thc case when the grass is sprinkled with suit. There will be nothing to hinder anyone now from send- ing down his horse or cow for a fow months at thc Park, with considerable certainty of finding it there when it is wanted. Thc Beard makes a great mistake in allowing the erection of licensed gates on roads so much frequented us that between Emu Park and Rockhampton. On thc report of thc Works Committee for subdivision No. 1 coming up, n very vigorous protest was entered by Mr. Egan, against the practice which has been adopted of letting tho main- tenance of the roads. Ultimately it was agreed to continue the present system. A considerable number of accounts were passed (or payment, and when these are liquidated thc sum at the credit of the Board, it waB stated, will be 1'GOG. The rate notices have been issued, and thc new rates wilt bc asked for presently. There was a fair attendance at the meeting of the Farmers' and Selectors' Association on Saturday. A Melbourne firm of wholesale fruit sellershssoffered to disposeoforangesandothcr fruit, and pointed ont how carefully all articles should he pscked. A committee WBB appointed to attend to the matter, with thc view of having things right at the opening of next season. In the meantime they might try to develop the mango trade. A long discussion took pince on the open- ing of the market another day in the week. Some of thc attenders of the market, without consulting the Association, had petitioned the Council to open it on Wednes- day. This was made matter of complaint, since the Association was formed mainly for tlic purpose of looking after file market. ? With some members apparently, tho good of thc whole is of less concern than their personal interests. It looks very like as if a few fanners and selectors, who live near thc town, are intent upon making the market to snit themselves. However, purchasers will attend when it answers them best, and that is the time which should Buit farmers. The Gladstone meat works deputation attended the meeting and received a patient hearing. It has not been stated how many shares were taken up by members of thc Association. Alderman Thompson, Alderman Reaney, and other fiery spirits were absent from the meeting of the North Rockhampton Council on Wednesday, and thc proceedings were tame and business-like. An application for repairs to the Lake's Creek Road was ap- proved, and a vote of £.10 passed for the work. Thc Council agreed to help tho Rock- hampton Council in its crusade against straying stock, and one or two complaints about the state of the streets were referred to tho Works Committee. A long discussion arose over an application by Alderman Reaney for six months' leave of ubsence, thc Council finally 'refusing to grant thc request. No one is likely to criticise adversely this decision. If en alderman really finds it im- possible to attend (he meetings of the Council for the next half-year then he ought to resign ; and if he wishes to escape attending till after the annual election, in the hope that he may then receive colleagues more to his liking, a still stronger reason prevails why the application should be refused. Men who enter public lifo ill this way tmiBt he prepared to work with the other representatives whom the ratepayers elect, and if they cannot do this then they should at once resign. The weather herc this week has not been quite so wann, thc highest register in the Blinde being 8!'. Thc mornings and evenings have been pleasantly cool, yet not nearly so cold ns u few weeks ago, the lowest point touched being 40". Appended is a table of the maximum readings of the thermometer for the week ended at 9 a.m. on Thursday, which BIIOWS that except ut Rockhampton thc glass has only once got up to SO" : d'e I d'B d'lt I dV Kockliamnton I 75 Altec. 72 Mustard Head 07 Clermont .. 71 Emerald ; 70 Gatcombe Head 00 St. lawrence I 7S Spriiuruurc .. Ü2 Brisbane ..; 72 Mackay_..! J!^ Attached is a table of thu minimum readings I for the same period, showing thut twice at Alice thu mercury has been 1° below freezing | point and once at freezing point : - Stations, i 2nd | 3rd j ßfh ¡ iïtli | 7tli I d'« \~aV i dy llnetird Head Bi Cleimoiil ... $1 Emerald ,.| SJ natromUcllead M 8;. Lawrence . . 4» Springsure .. I 35 Mining news this week hos been more encouraging than for Boino time past. The returns from thc Mount Morgan mine for July give ¡1624oz. of Bmcltcd gold as thc product of G598 tons of ore. A few payable returns aro reported from Ul» m and else- where. Nows to hand from thc Struck Oil linc of reef, recently discovered at thc head of thc lice River, is very satisfactory. A parcel of ton tons is to bc treated at once at the Hit or Miss battery, at Crocodile, and is expected to give a very Urge yield. The reef is said to bc of good size, und it ÍB well d* fined, und hopes of claimholdcrs naturally run high. Arrangements are being made to place machinery on the Golden Fleece claim, ut Sneaker's Croek, without dcla\\* and is now in course of transit to thc mino In other localities a fair amount of prospecting is being carried on, with favourable indications in some claims. Thc only case of interest, heard at thc Police Court this week was that of Roltcrt Henry drown, who was charged with obtaining goods by means of false pretences from William Diamond, of Duaringa. The accused was remanded to Duaringa ; and thc Police MagU Itrate attended lhere, und heard the evidente of Mr. Diamond. Iirown was acquitted, the Police Magistrate remarking that the testi , mony of the prosecutor did not disclose that I the accuBed had made any false representation according ta law. There appears to ho little doubt now that thc Japanese und the Chinese arc at wsr. though the cable has not informed us of any formal declaration of hostilities. Successes arc reported by both parties to thc struggle, but none of thc news sent is |ierfcclry reliable. If there is any prospect of prolonged hostilities thc British papers will no doubt send out special correspondents, when wc will havu trustworthy ne,vs; but so far there do not appcur to bc any correspondents on thc spot. One or two of tho cubics in these waters are said to have been cut, which will udd still further to thc difficulty of learning what is really happening.-Santo, thu Anarchist, who shot President ('arnot, has been cou* victod und sentenced to death.-One or two daring und successful jewellery robberies have been reported from Britain.-Tile story of thc surrender of Jubez Balfour to the British authorities has not been confirmed. -Thc Mouse of Commons by the help of thc closure lins passed the Irish Evicted Truants' Bill, hut il is said the House of Lords will certainly reject it.-The Court of Appeal in London hus decided that thc case between thc Queensland Meat Company (thc BrUhane-Townsvillc Company 1 aud Messrs. Hnulder Brothers must he tried in the colony.-The Canadian Government are inviting tenders for I ho laying of thc l'acilic cable, the tenders to be sent in by the 1st of November. The adjourned annual meeting of the Rock, hampton Agricultural Society will be held thin afternoon. The Brisbane Telegraph of Tuesday says : "A writ has been issued by Sub- inspector Ernest Henry Carr against thc Telegraph Newspaper Company, claiming damages for libel." A sou I hen) contemporary mentions that two youug New Zealand natives, named Rawei and Hinei Tnimoa, who have been giving entertainments in Bundaberg, intend to visit all the towns ulong thc coast as far north as Townsville shortly. i The following ure the magistrates whose names appear on the roster for attendance at ¡ the Police Court next week :-Messrs. J. , Mackean, D. Martin, T. M'Adam, J. A. S. i M'Gavin, J. M'Camley, W. M'llwraith, R. A. M'Lean, A. M'Mostcr, J. M'Pherson, F. j A. Morgan, J. Murray, J. M. Niall, T. : Mobbs, und E. K. Ogg. The report of the Government Labour \ Bureau for the week is as follows :-Dc- , mund : General labourers, 1 ; plantation . labourers, 1 ; station hands, 1 ; agricultural labourers, 1. Supply : General labourers, 7 ; plantation labourers, 1 ; station hands, 1 ; j agricultural labourers, 3 ; mechanics, 1 ; mar- ried couples, 1. Engagements : General labourers, 1 ; plantation labourers, 1 ; station ; hands, 1. Thc Crown Lands Ranger at Bundaberg . (Mr. T. Curtis), says the Brisbane Telegraph i of Tuesday, has made u report to thc Lands Department concerning his recent inspection 1 of Crown lands in thc St. Lawrence, Mackay» and Bowen districts, with a view tn ascertain ingthcir suitability for tho cultivation of sugar- , cane. Mr. Curtis considers thc whole southern portion of the St. Lawrence district tn be un- suited fur cnuc-growing, as it is lacking in moisture. In the Mackay aud Bowen dis- tricts he reports having seen largo ureas of suitable land. There are thousands of acres of land in the Mackay district thut have been selected,'hut await development. Mr. Curtis iu the course of his report writes : " There is apparently as great a distinction between thc good and bad sugar lands iu the Mackay district as between the forest and scrub soils in thc surroundings of Bundaberg. It seems to be undeniable that where thc acacia, Moreton Bay ash, and bloodwood grow the land is undoubtedly good for cane, lt is niuo undeniable that where the gum, ironbark, and messmate grow so common as in tho Bunda- berg district the land is ill adapted for such crop, and better left alone." . . . As a canc-growiug district the Proserpine (Bowen) is most favourably situated, with a uniform rainfall and a Urge area of rich black Boil, and a rod sandy soil, friable und easily worked, almost free from frost, and within ensy distance of a shipping port. As sugar land is everywhere taking pre-eminence, thc Proser- pine is worthy thc attention of would-be selectors. Thc case of Abbott and others, thc crew of tho schooner Kenilworth, against thc ship, to recover wages due, came before Mr. Justice Harding in thc Supreme Court, in admiralty jurisdiction, on Monday last. Mr. Ball (in- structed by Messrs. Winter and M'Nab) ap- peared for thc plaintiffs, the matter being ¡leard fr parte. Mr. Ball pointed out that thc action was originally brought against thc schooner, her cargo and freight : bul by con- sent the freight and cargo were relieved of responsibility. Thc ship had been sold undul- an order of thc court, and the proceeds, (£81) paid into court. The Kenilworth sailed from Auckland carly in thc year, having shipped a crew on the IStli of Fchnmry, who signed articles for a voyugc from Auckland to any port in New Xualand, and thence to Rock- hampton, and any port in thc Australasian colonies, for a period not exceeding six months. Thc schooner went to Rockhampton, and there loaded a cargo of honcdust, consigned to Auckland. Before teaching Cape Moreton on thu wuy to Auckland she was caught in a j gale and WHS dÍBniastcd. She was rescued by thc steamer Pacific, and towed up to port. A claim of £50 was made for sulvagc, and 1'2!> had been recovered in respect of the claim. Thu schooner had since been abandoned by the owner ¡ but thc wages due to the crew hud tint been paid, and it was now sought to obtain a judgment on behalf of the crew, who hud £1 l.r> Os. owing to them. Another action was pending against the ship.-His Honour pointed out that there was not much likelihood of thc plaintiffs gelling anything out of the present proceedings. The stile had realised only £81. There was still £25 to come out of that amount for salvage ; there were costs ; und he had just been informed thc muster had sent in n claim for £23.-Mr. Ball said that thc present action hud been taken first, and they were no»» almost bound to proceed with it.-His Honour: And all who have to da with it will bc ruined.-Mr. Ball: We will do our best to help thc men to get some t money.-Evidence waa given by Joseph Muller, thc master of the vessel, os to thc prac 1 ticiil abandonment of the vessel by the owner, i and to the fact that £ I Iii Os. was due to the \- crew.-Mr. Ball pointed out that application > would havo tobe made to a judge in chambers ? to get thc money, tho action taken now being ? to protect the interests of the crew.-Hi« . Honour entered judgment for £115 Os, i Tlie amateur dramatic performance givet in the Theatre Royal last night in aid of th« fundB of thc Lady norman Hospital was « remarkable sucoess in every way. It ii doubtful if there ever were as big a booking for any performance given in the Theatre. When thc plan WUB closed yesterday after- noon there were only live seatB in the dress circle not engaged, and the number of scats booked in thc stalls-a most unusual thing in Rockhampton-would have been considered remarkably good business for tho dress circle by thc managers of most com- panies visiting Rockhampton. It is needless to say then that the curtain rose to a splendid house, extra scats having to be placed in the passage upstairs. 'J'he full programme and cast had been advertised a couple of days beforehand, uud it was carried out to thc letter. Thc performance started punctually, an unusual thing with ama- teur compunics, ami was curried out with thc greatest smoothness. All tho scenes were skilfully and artistically set, and delays between thc acts were most agreeably short. The ten minutes claimed in thc programme between the two pieces was not exceeded, and ullhough u complete change nf scene «nd J dress hod to be made between tile ("net and second acts of the second j piece no long delay occuried over it. The first piece was a one act comedietta called " A Happy l'air,'' with only two characters, which were taken by Mr. Ë. V. Reid and -Mrs. Bromley. Thc scheme of thc piece is necessarily slight. Mr. uud Mrs. Honeytnn huve been married only u few weeks, but in that shurt time to Mrs. Honcyton's amaze- ment and grief her husbind has shown him- self a perfect bear. At breakfast she tries to coax him into a good humour, but he rudely repulses her every advance. She IIKB received a letter from a friend informing her of her husband's true character, sud advising her to return coldness uud indifference in thc like coin. This shu resolves on after her failure at breakfast, and in the second scene, to her husbaud's astonishment, she is as cold und scornful as formerly she was un- weariedly affectionate. In leaving him she drops her friend's letter, when he picks it up and learns that all her sconi was but pre- tence. In the Inst scene he fights her with her own weapon», feigning a love he does not fed, and wheu she yields to his advances re- pulses her ufresh. There is u perilous moment at this, for now she is fully roused, bul he secs he haB gone too fur, and changing his demeanour »t once a final reconciliation follows. Mrs. Bromley bsd a difficult tusk in the varied emotions she had to portray, and thc long narrative at thc opening was particu- larly trying, but she came through everything with flying colours, winning un undeniable success. Her ellbrts were reworded by thc hearty applause from all parts of the house, and also by a very handsome bouquet. Mr. Reid's acting of the unpleasant part of thc boorish husband was in every way successful, and was highly relished by thc audience. The second part of thc programme was " Weak Woman," u well-known, three act comedy, often played under the title of "Our Girls." The cast was Messrs. W. Thompson, E. V. Reid, E. H. PiUbury, G. Moran, G. M. Bromley, and A. E. Hardaker, Mrs. Voss, Miss White, and Mrs. Bromley. The comedy was most brightly and sympathetically inter- preted, and thc pleasure and upproval of thc audience were shown miBtiutcdly right through. All the ladies were presented with handsome bouquets, and at the close of thc last scene when Captain Ginger (Mr. Reid), a needy officer of volunteers, proposes to a lady of uncertain agc named Mrs. Gunn (Mrs. Bromley), in thc quite mistaken belief that she is an heiress, thc applause and laughter laBtcd so long and rang through the house so heartily as fairly to slop thc play, Mr. Reid having at last to beckon to the uudiencc for a moment's silence so that thc scene might bc closed. Mrs. Bromley's acting in this diffi- cult scene was admirable, and a couple of very handsome bouquets were thrown to her. Mrs. Voss and Miss White were most success- ful in the parts of the cousins Helen and Lilian Gaythorne, and both were heartily cheered. Mr. Thompson, Mr. Moran, und Mr. Pilsbury all filled their parts satisfactorily, the two former, who bau to "make up," succeeding capitally in that rather difficult art. Alto- gether the performance was one of the most enjoyable that has been given in the Theatre for a long time and one that reflected thc greatest credit on all counected with it. The Lake's Creek Band kindly played between thc acts. From a financial point of view thc performance should be very pleasing to the Committee of the Lady Norman HoBpitul. A feeling of great regret will be arour.cd in town by thc intelligence that Mr. F. A. Morgan was taken ill very suddenly yester- day aftcruoou. Mr. Morgun was passing along East-street shortly after four o'clock, when he was suddenly overcome by a feeling of wcakuess, so great that he nearly fell. He was ut once assisted iiibi a cub und driven home, where he was quickly visited by Dr. Voss. lu the evening he was able to see and converse with a friend, a cheering fact which will help to relieve public anxiety us'tn Mr. Morgan's condition. The A.U S.N. Company's steamar Glan- worth took the ground when coining up the river on Thursday afternoon. Every effort was made to get her off, but without avail. The tender Taldora huppencd to come up, and she attempted to tow thc Glanworth off thc bank, but failed. Thc tender then left for town, bringing tlic passengers and mails up. Tho Glanworth was lightened yesterday of part of her cargo, and successfully floated off in thc afternoon. She arrived at the wharf about seven o'clock in thc evening, and is timed to leave on her return trip at five o'clock this afternoon. Another spell of cold weather is being ex- perienced. The reports received by the Government Meteorological Observer at 9 u.m. yesterday staled there had been frost at Collaroy, Marlborough, ami Yaamba, and heavy frost at Cumboon. Thu shade readings of thc thermometer for the preceding twenty-four hours were as follow :-Rock- hampton, maximum 74°; minimum 42°; Alice, 74'-32'; Busturd Head, 68'-50°; Clermont, 73°-32°; Emerald, 72"-32°; Gat- combe Head, 72a-53°; St. Lawrence, 7"*° - 43°; Springsure, 09°-30-2°; Brisbane, 71° 41°; Double Ielaud Point, 0S°-00°; Mac- kay, 72°-40°; Maryborough, 70'- 41°; Sandy Cape, 74°-57°. In our issue to-day appears fur thc first time the announcement by Messrs. A. M'Kee and Co., of Adelaide-street, Brisbane, a remedy or euro " by natural means " of the diseasu of cancer. Wc are given to under- stand that Mr. M'Kee has been working for some years past to perfect his cure, and now claims to huve discovered u method of treat- ment which he asserts is an actual euro for cancer in thc great majority of cases which are not in far advanced stages. We cannot say anything at all as to thc merita of thc alleged cure itself, but for thc sake nf the sufferers from this disease, wc trust Mr. M'Kce's discovery may bo what he claims for it. BEAI7TV.-Some of the world's famous ; beauties arc habitual users of Pears' Soap i Theru is no beauty without a clear com- plexion, aud Pears Soap guarantees that. [ ADVT. I It munns that every creature has its deadly I enemy, and some specimens many more than I others. Flies ui cat certain seasons, usually ? during the latter part of snimncr, attacked i by a parasite that fastens upon their bodioa. . Their favourite location is around thc wings , and the shoulders. Those tiny creatures s grow rapidly, and soon become so full of i blood as to be perceptible to thc naked eye. i They soon exhaust the source of supply, and ; leave the wretched victim little more than a ? shell, when it attaches itself to some con- venient place and gives up the ghost. 