[?] BY JEAN MIDDLEliLAS, Jtbof m4 iiGirl in AThpusand#,,'."8«&le3; bye "AV- - v; 3Gks?!w. -- . --: P.JTAPTKR TTT — rOonumBD.) . JTheeubjeot of the beard 'was not pnrsuol, 8b .Clement had got his wife's consent to ite toeing grown,and that wasall he wanted. :A yHtillailie -was too much talon up with her . Ifittera to think of Anything bat them for the romeoL. ' Thqy will be here io-day, Oiem," she cried. 'Br 'thev I finnnoppron mean Elvira and Xtady Jdarcto?" 41 Exactly. I am so glad." And the exoitement she ehowed abont the matter quite verified his hope that with the arrival of her two intimate friends new life wonld be infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame.. This to an extent made him forget his trouble abont the spectre Singleton that lie lonew might start up at any. moment like Banqoo's ghost, and trouble the seemingly oven onrrent of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Ohapel was much more lively than might hare been expected, and by the time they re turned to the hotel the drive through the aweet, balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude .good. The travellers had jost arrived when they to turned, and the greetings were most affec tionate, -though naturally tampered with sad ness, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen mponjher since her frieuds had left home. Elvira Detone had quite recovered her spirits, and X&dyHareia;, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost hers, so the amner which Sir Clement had ordered with mush care was done ample justice to, -and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood, The cheering- regimen which Sir Clemeut bad for some time p⁢ been prescribing for- her in. his mind had began with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another regimen <that has gone before it, would the test be too severe for her slender stock ot strength. It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality was so completely spent that she nearly fainted when she tried to walk across the room, and Sir Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. Lady shook her head anxiously as she saw them depart. 44 Alas, alas," she said, 44 where is our beanie blithe Gertrude of iang syne ? Oh for the days that are gone." ' 4' They will return, at all events let us hope so," said Elvira. 44 Clement seems de voted, why should they not be happy? When I thought he loved another woman I -doubted that they could ever be so, but I think we maligned him— I believe Gertie is his only love " Lady Marcia shrugged her shoulders. 44 1 don't know what it all means," she said. "It is beyond you and me to fathom, hut there is something vory quesr about Clement, and in consequence about Gertie. Whether she knows wb&t; it is or not I can not make out, but u haterar the trouble, it is killing her." 44 Oh, Lady Marcia, do you not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death that is .making her ill, and with time she will get over it, as others have dene before her ? " "She was qrite as queer before the baby died, and as for bun, can anything be stranger than his ways ? Ha gives you the idea of a man who is always expeoiing a bailiff or soma police official to tap him on the shoulder. Between you and mc, Elvira, and with closed doors, I should have half <suspeoted he had had something to do with j>oor Pierce Vaughau'a death if he had not been almost se queer before it happened." 44 Oh, doat," cried Elvira, " pray don't go on ; I shall not sleep a wink if you put suoh ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully tired." Then, womanlike, she asked, " What do you think he had done ?" 44 Goodness knows ! Got into some trouble before he was married, I daresay, and which he is always suspecting will come oat and snake a scandal. But here he comes;" and with a sadden change of voice and manner, Xady Marcia. oontinued — 44 1 nm sure you will iike_ Wioabaden, deAr, it is such a pretty place, and the right sort of people am always tobefonnd here. Seen anyone you know, Clement ?" 4< No. We have been about so little, it h&B; been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better now you have come." 41 bope eo, lnaeon. Ave will do our best to amuse ber. We have had a very pleasant time — have met a lot of desirable people." 44 And some very undesirable ones," put In Elvira. 44 Oh, that goes without saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advan tages ; they often amuse yon and circulate your blood by making yon laugh. That oddity who proposed to you on the platform of toe railway station, for example." 44 The wretch !" 44 Hullo, Elvira, have yon had a pro posal?" asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an . Interest in their conversation, though bis thoughts were elsewhere. 4 4 You did not socept. him, I hope. What will Berkeley say ?" Elvira did not answer, but she colored up and looked keenly at Sir Clemeut, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. 44 2nd then there were those queer people whoarrived&t-Basle; the night before we left. A burly nerih-coimtry parson and an -invalid wife." Neither conld speak a word of any language toan their own, and yet they were both fussy andloqoaticus. If Elvira audi had not come to the "rescue, madame would have gone sapperlessto bed, for, no one in the hotel would have understood that the 4 de boxzf ' could possibly mean consomme.' " Sir Clement laughed ; still, ' he looked and felt very uncomfortable. 41 I thought they spoke English nuw in all the big hotels," heeaid. , 44 So they do, hut the big hotels were fall, sad we were all in an annexe with raw servants nnaroa6tomed .to English people. And toe>disqqmfoEt that particular -couple would Esfte experienced without bur assist ance would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Ob, it was funny. I hope we shall eeehiin again. He gave me his card. I wonder what I did with it ?" She felt in her pocket aodprodaaed a small ease, from whioh she drew the object for : which she was looking— : , flev. Abel Singleton. 44 There it tsj look at it, Clement. Such a aaraq-rL iHe Hves' hp to i(, too, for he looks like ah antediluvian animal." ' Sir. Clement took the card, which trembled : J.V: toihtoitogeip> J.- ' $o they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts ; ytill, st ores a shock to learn chat Lady Marcia l%y®od Elvira had beenxn direct communication jgnfli these dreadedpeople. 5y W e tried to persuade them to come here, ' ' iC(IXady3Jarcia,'44l|y teiog them we just the plaoe foran iovaUd, V'0 tout they were so bent on Switzerland that we PepnH sot :inove them." , y-. -, y 'Clement was that they Jimmovalffe, whb snail gay? Still, it w yysa foo tolringcontemplation that these P8nhmstenfendeci his wife's might any day SsM|£lrofnmmiicbtion from the only man mmsldmpd tbatjighton ins past life -yes 5;-' fhrewMr Bingle- asked ; 'is looking MBSStwSarilhEBrisaat dflanfaees. yn MMlHgSSfe " : 44C6me, come, man, don't pretend— of cburse e is wonled. Do you mid she have disagreemenlsin private? xou willsayUiat is not my business ; butif.anvone gives me the a&eh; bfkbuhhappy wif It jpoor, dear Gertie;"'"" 4 'On my honor, Lidy Horola, wo have never had a word of disagreement in onr lives. " xWe are alwkys moBt nffeotionate. If Gertrude iB worried, the c&nse; k unknown to me, except, cf course, the poor baby's ideatb. and, that is a sorrow, not a worry." . ':v««She was worried before toe baby -Hied, t wes saying so to Elvia only just now. Naturally, I thought yon knew all abont it." «'I assure you I know nothing. Ever since I married her I have, made atrenuoue endeavors to do the best 2 can for her, and to keep her as much as possible from everything that might annoy or vex ber. Nor do 1 think ahe'is worried, but I fear she is very deli- | cate/ And eo saying, he laid hiahead on too table on his folded hands, and hie whole frame Bhook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. "Good old Clement," ehe said, "don't take on ; we must cheer up Gertie, and she will be all right. She can't go on fretting -if there is coming to fret about." He did pot look up, but be took one of hie bands from under his head and held it ont to Elvira. 44 If ever anything should happen to me yon will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley ; eh, Elvira?" She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. 41 Why do you talk like that to frighten erne. Nothing is the matter wito you. It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you." " We never know where danger lies," he answered. 44 Only promise me yon will look after Gertrnde." "Of course I will, but for goodness eake don't let us have any more dismal conversa tion to-night. "We talk about horrors until wc imagine they really exist.' 44 Yes," said Lady ilarcia., rUing. " Let us go to bed, and get up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful place." And so they left him, both thinking they Lad discovered where the mischief lay. Sir i Clementhad some mortal malady, and Lady Gertrnde kuewor guessed of it. Av» bo he had, but not of the sort they sus pected. If Singleton followed him up And chattfrci out the most ghastly past, there wonld be nothing for it but sniclde. Was that to be the ena? he wondered. And how selfish an end ! Was be tc die for his own selfish pleasure as he hod lived, leaving L&dy; Gertrude all alone 10 boar the brunt of the revelations that would be made? Danger for Gertrnde. What did Elvira mean by danger to Gerixude? Did she think she was going to die ? Hia Gertrude to be taken from him, as the child had been, as everything be loved in life would be taken in punishment for hi6 sin. With Gertrude's death the aveug;ng angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woe, it would be all the same to him then— Singleton might say bis say, the law might <io its WOlBt. Whoa morning dawned Clement Dunraven was still sitting there ihitkmc out the pro blem of the future ; nor wa9 he aroused iron, the miserable contemplation oi what might one day nappen, until Lady Gertrude herself, iualoag, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, so taart.iug bin by her spectre-lite appearance, that I he eirong man cried aloud iu fear. CHAPTER XXXT.-A:: INCI-uaelk Malady ? 44 Hotel dn Pare, Wiesbaden. Dear Sir Miles, — A letter from me will, I imagine, be very unexpected by you, but as I told you. before, woman's moods vary. And a still greater surprise awaits you, since I say, Do come here at once. I shall be very much relieved to see you again, my old frioJ : and so will Lady Marcia. It is not for our selfish pleasure that I am asking you to take this loug journey, but because we both think that your presence here will be of real benefit to Clemeut Donraven, who seems to mo to be ready to commit an awful act frotn aueer des pair. Be has taken to s beard, which is otver combed or trimmed, dresses in a slovenly fashion, wears whimsical Tyrolean hats, and is altogether as unlike the trim highly-civilised specimen of masculinity we used to know, as a man can possibly be. No one would reoognise trim, and I cannot help thinking that be is going out of his mind. As for L&dy; Gertrude, she gets weaker and more inert every day. If this state of affairs goes on, she cannot live iong, and the worse she looks the madder Clement becomes. Lady and I can think of no alternative hut to ask you to come. It does not sound complimen tary, and yet it is — for if I did not regard you as a tree frieud, I bhould not turn to you in troablo. So please come and be kind. I will be nioeto yon, indeed I will, bat do not try to bind mc by nasty promises which may be hard to keep. Lady MarcU seud6 you no end of menage?. The Dunravens do not know I ura writing. 41 Ever your loyal friend, ' Elvira Delsne." Sir Miles was sitting in the Sousrgery library when this slapdash, wayward com- 1 , munication was given to him. He had just been wondering why he had not heard from Sir Clement, and was considering whether it would be wise to et&rt; off to Wiesbaden and see what was going on. The thermometer of his spirits rose many ' decrees when he saw Elvira'6 writing, but it fell again somewhat when he read the letter. He loved Elvira as he would never love another woman, and was prepared to woo her persistently ; etill, he felt be was a very lone way from having won her, since he was compelled to own that Elvira was quite capable of sending to him es a friend, and yet, having used his services, of dismissing him as a lover. However, here was a point gained. He would be near her, he would see her every day, and do her bidding in everything. It would be strange if — fortune favoring him — be did not conquer her in the end. Would Sir Miles havo cared as much for Elvira Delane if ebe bad been more easily subjugated ? Probably not ; most men love the diffioulL After a few minutes he got up and rang toe bell, taking himself meanwhile severely to taek for having forgotten his friend Duu- raven, and toe lamentable condition in which MSb Delane described him to be. When the servant entered he was desired to tell Mrs Beit to pack Sir Miles' things, as he was going abroad for e>few weeks. Sir Miles had never indulged in the luxury of a valet. Since childhood faithful old Bett had waited on him, and as long as she was able to do so, he would, he said, have no one else. The servant merely asked when Sir Miles Intended to start, and bring told by toe four o'clock train, and that he would take the night express from Victoria, the prepara tions, so far as Sir Miles was personally con cerned, were at an end. Mrs Bett would not let 44 her boy," as she still called him to herself, go without every thing that he oonld possibly require, es pecially as Bhe had a shrewd supicion that he wprild- notb&verylong; before he joined Miss Delane. Old Bett might not, perhaps, have been quite so much elated over his departure had she known that as soon &b; b6 had given bis order he betook himself to Llsbsth's cottage to say a few words of farewell, and tell her aomeof the contents of his letter. As uenal, he found her busy in her little -kitchen, Since the Dunravens left, now ineariy six weeks ago, Idsbethhad felt calmer and less worried, and her domestic duties had received hex undivided attention, the nionotononsroutineof ber everyday life being ohlyoboasionallyinremipted by calls from Dr Watson, who never made any charge for viriring -the patients under Llsheth's care, and fhref on considered he had a perfeol right tooomehndlookafter them as often as he pleased. -— . ... He never yet said a word to Ltsbeto that (decqandgd yes or ho for an answer ; there was isiwimgjrinftiung In her maimer that re- jwtiStimvrbeneverheamved with the foil intention of Bpeatdogoul, and he went on living from time to time — very muoh like Sir Miles;— on hope. = Llabeth had begun- almost to dread the good little doctor's visits, and when ebe heard a man's step oomiog through the wilderness at the baok of the cottage ehe trembled. Great was her delight, then, to find that the visitor was only Sir Milos Berkeley. Truly glad was she to hear that he was | going to start for Wiesbaden, for the state of misery existing there 'was no secret to LIb- betb. who had had several letters from Cletoenfc Dnnmven. They sat for a long time talking, and Lisbeth learned, if she had not guessed it before, the secret of 6ir Miles 's love for Elvira Delane ; and she was eo sym pathetic in too matter, that Sir Miles re gretted that he had not made a confidante of her earlier. He would have sat there discoursing on Miss Elvira Delano for hours, had not the grandfather's clock in the corner reminded him that he must be getting back to the Snuggery if he intended tocatoh the four o'clock train. Jim Glendinning was, as usual, sitting in theporoh. He would just saw a word to him and be off. Sir Miles and Lisbeth had been too much taken np with their own conversation to see that Glendinning had already got a com panion, and they were, therefore, not a little surprised to find him talking to Dr Wateon. Whether Sir Milea's visit to Lisbeth that day was to her advantage or disadvantage, he— totally unconscious of what was going on— did not consider, bat it had the effect of making the little doctor silent for many a month to oome, and for that Lisbeth would have blessed Miles Berkeley if she had no other cause to be grateful to him. When he reaohed the Snuggery he found, as he had expected, everything prepared, even the 44 trap" at the door to take him to the station. Arrived in London, he sent a 14 wire" to Elvira in answer to her letter. 44 Starring to-night. Travelling straight throuph." The promptness with which he obeyed her eumtuoos pleased this exigeau. little lady as much as his previous eilcnce bad done, of which, truth to Jell, she had been growing rather weary. It was evident that Sir Miles Berkeley was exhibiting an (.mount of tact in concoction with this love ail'dir that none of his intimate; would have given him rredit for. Nor, had the matter been thoroughly rifted, could bi present behavior b< exactly called tact. He was merely (simple, natural end earnest, and bimplicUy and honesty were apparently desbneJ id win ti.e day ; for Elvita— without lady Marcia. to whom ahe had not confided her intention, but only accompanied by her tnsid— wan at the station to meet him. She received him, too, quit-; warmly. < So good of you to come at once. I am a luokygirlio have so true a friend. I am afraid you must be terribly tired. We have engaged a room for you at our hotel. Only Lady Marcia kuowyou were oomiog; we have not told the Dunravens. Yes, go iu the cab with the luggage. I will walk back with the m&id; : it is not far." Tired, how could he be tired when a walk with Elvira was in the question. 44 Ko, I have bad quite enoigh oi atuffy carriages. I shall prefer to walk. Jt will refresh me." 44 And perhaps they will drive the luggage to Frankfort, and you will have it all atoien." lie laughed, and said he believed iu Ger man honesty, and the end of the discussion was That the maid went with the luggage, and Sir Miles walked with Elvirn. How happy they both felt. Ay, both ; until Elvira saw Sir Miles acain after an absence of some four months, sbe did not know bow re&llv; glad ehe would feel when toe locked into bis honest eyes, and what a privilege it was for a woman To be loved by such a loyal, really good fellow, A qualm of conscience ought to have reminded her that she had been pl&vlng; a little bit fust and loose with, him, but she was too light-hearted to do otherwise than a3 ore herself that it was most beneficial to a EoiiQ first to be proved whether he wero worthy or unworthy ; and, as she supposed ehe would have to marry him in the end, what mattered a little torture, since it would conduce to happiness hereafter. That Elvira could have worked out this reasoning to ber own satisfaction, or that of anyone else, is doubtful. Anyway she did not try, she merely enjoyed the possession of this man's devotion, and derided to go ou for & while ou tho plan which had hitherto been so successful. Of course, under tbo circumstances that had called Sir Miles to YiTiesbaden they could not devote their thoughts and conversation solely to their own affairs, nor did Elvira wish tbat it should be so. She was very thankful to have the mutually interesting topic of the Dunravecs to prevent bit ill lea irom oeing too direct in his attentions to herself. And in oood sooth bo was not shamming au interest tbat he did not feel ; he wag so exceedingly sympathetic about his friend's trouble that fcis own happiness at finding himself by Elvira's Bide was considerably dat-hod. 4 Do you really think that Dunraven is going off big head r" heatked. 44 1 dnn't know what to think. He talks rationally enough, but his appearance is so changed you will scarcely know him. He has made & pefect mountebank of himeelf." 1 44 What does Ladv Gcrtrade say about it?" 44 Poor Gertrude I She is so ill, ehe 6ays very little. I do not think she notices much ehe seems to get worse and worce every day." 4 Ah, if that poor little boy bad not died.' 41 1 do not think it is altogether the boy'e death that ir frettiug Gertrude. I am sure there is something wrong about Sir Clement and she knows it. Lady Marcia and I fancy, perhaps, he has got some incurable malady." This was anew light to Sir Miles Berkeley, and one which he w&e; not altogether inclined to accept. He hail seen for sometime past that trouble was hanging over the frieud of his boyhood, but he did soc think it was in the form of an incurable malady. However, of course, he could not toll what might have developed since they parted. He mast reserve his opinion. Lady Marcia for once in her life bad managed to put a check on her chattering proolivities, and had not said & word about the coming of Sir Miles Berkeley. Great then, was the surprise when, accompanied by Elvira, -he walked into the joint eittin groom of the little party. Even Lady Gertrude, who was lying on the sofa, roused herself as ehe very seldom did now, and welcomed him with exceeding cordiality. But, prepared though he had been by Elvira, Sir Miles was aghast at what he saw. Perhaps he had thought that ber illness had been somewhat exaggerated, and found to his regret that this was not the case. The appearance of his friend, too, gave him cause for very grave apprehension. As Elvira had said— 44 Where was the smart, well-got-up Sir Clemeut Dunraven, who had until now been in his dress and appointment a typical Eng lish gentleman ?" No ; Sir Miles would not have known him bad he met him unexpectedly. As for toe beard, it hod grown so quickly and 60 grotesquely that there was reason for shrewd suspicion that it was sot altogether real. Sir Miles looked at Sir Clement so keenly that the wretched man colored beneath bis gaze, and devoutly wished that Miles Berkeley had stayed at the Snuggery, since he was much more likely than the ladies to iuterfere with, toe maequeradine which was the outcome of Sir Clement's constant fear lest be should meet the Bev. Abel Single- tor. That his brain, not bis body, was affected with tome perchance incurable malady was the decision at which Sir Miles arrived during the first half hour he was in that room. And he was not very far wrong. What man can suffer so intensely or ceaselessly from the pangs of remorse as did Olemeht Donraven without the brain becoming more or less affected ? Nevertorifiee, Sir Clement was perfeotly sane on all eubjeots that had so reference to that insupportable dread of discovery which was making his life a burden to him. Above all, he was very sane in his strong objection to the way in which he considered that I Elvira was playing with 44 that good fellow, Berkeley." Naturally he supposed tbat Sir MUob had come to VYiesbaden solely on Elvira's ac count. He ntver suepected that lie had been made the excuse forthcoming. He would persistently have pooh-poohed such a sug gestion, and ho would have boeu fairly right. If Elvira had not wanted Sir Miles, very assuredly she would not have sent for him. (TO BE COXTINTED.) 