ISffllAEL PERtELL1: AN OUTOABT. B" JOSEgH HOOKING,, Author of " .Tab,, .Eaaterbrook," ', Zillah," " The Storyof Andrew Fairfax," etc. (Published by Speolsl Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) BOOK lI.-FIRS.' RG OPTHS. -. OJHAPTER YII.-(C'ontinued.) Ho opened the door of the safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then he took a book from it, which was fastened and locked. This he kiilockod, and looked carefully at its contents. Then he turner to the thick cover, and quickly found-a pocket or compartment, evidently contrived for important documents. From this he extracted a piece of parchment. ' I couldn't keep it in the cash-box,' he said; I might have to run to it hurriedly, and leave it carelessly some tuim; and yet, I don't like to keep it here? He spread it out on the table. 'The last will and testament of Michael Penrose.' Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time read its contents. TI shall never feel safe until I see it burnt with my own eyes,' he said; ?A and then I should be constantly "efearing it would be resurrected in some way.' 'But I will burn it,' he continued, after a while. ' It makes my life a hell; its existence warns me that my children may be paupers. There, I'll do it.' He lit a candle and took the will, holding it close to the steady flame, then he drew it back quickly. '. What's that ?' he cried. ' Surely I heard a scratch at the window-pane, or else it was something at the safe !' He stopped and listened for a minute or more, 'but all was silent-as silent as death. ' Ah, it's only my foolish fears after all-only my foolish fears.' He held the parchment against the flame again, and again he drew it back. He heard a loud ticking, louder than the sound of a wsatch, very near to him. ' Tick, tick, tick. tick, tick.' At first it seemed on the library table, then on the mantelpiece, then on the safe. His hand trembled so that he could scarcely hold the will, while the perspiration stood thick. on" his fore. head. ' Tick, tick, tick, tick,' he heard, on and on the sound wont, then suddenly ceased. He wiped his forehead and looked, fearfully around the room. The lamp burnt clearly, the shutters were closed, nothing was to be soon. ' It's the death watch!' he cried at length. ' Nay, I'm not so foolish as to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious old women, but -oubon Penwithen knows about these things.' And yet the sound had wrought upon his excited nerves, for there was a strain of superstition in his nature. Old Leah told him stories long years ago-stories of omens, and tokens, and death's-head moths ; tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing at them. Still, he hold old. Michael's will to the candle flame once more, and once more he stopped. The liofes of some doggerel which Leah had taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. Ho had believed in em in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old women, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and goblins, and he had ceased to pay heed to what she said. Still he could not help repeating the doggerel to himself : 'Strike a dead man's face, fBy a deed man you'll be haunted; Steal a deed man's ring, And by dead men you'l be daunted.; Cross a dead man's will, You can scarce do worse; Burn a dead mean's writing, " And you'll got that dead man's ourseo. \- He threw the will on the floor as though it wore a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again, Oh, I am a weak, poor fooll' he cried; ' and after nineteen years, too. For 'tie nineteen years since I stole this will from Judith, and. I've never had a happy day since, Again and again I've tried to destroy it, and I've always failed. But I will do it,. It's the only link of the past. It's the only possible way by which the trut ioan be known,' • With a trembling hand he lifted the parchment to the candle-flame again, but he could not keep it there. The lines old Loah had taught him were ringing in"his ears, and every word seemed to make him feel old MichaoPse presoenc:? C Cross a dead man's will, You oanm scarce do worse; Barn ,a dead mamn's writing, And you'll got that dead man's emurse. Ho know it meant nothing, Ho know there wore scores of similar versos repeated up and down the country, and that they were as mon ingless as empty air, Nevertheless, he could not carry hIis purpose into effoot. ' He placad the will back in the reeep tacle which hld been cunningly con trivod in time thick cover of the bobk ) this he placed back in the safe, wbhich he earotully looked. ' At any rate, It will be all right there until I can think of a better hiding-lplaco,' he muttered ;. then, with a heavy sigh, he went to his bod-' room, stopping two or three times on his way, and looking round with fear. ful glanoes. "' :' " The next morning he was llp in good time, and shortly after, breakfast he ordercd hisf orse to beosaddlod ,? which he immediately mounted and rode towards Carloggas. ~Well, John,' he said, "s he saw his brother-in-law comne out of his new barn, ' Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days.' 'It had need, too, Reuben,' replied Bassett. "Your corn looks well. You make it do, don't you ?' ' Since you let me have those four good dairy fields, I can make it doaind pay my rent. You know. that.' 'But I let you have it cheap, and this new' barn .means: a yearsa rent knocked off.'' ' Oh, I don't complain.. You are very kind to me.' ' I remembfer Aikielia,' he said, with a sigh. ' There is a talk of your marrym' again,' said Bassett, 'uneasily. ' Miss Tredinnick, of Endellion.' ' Then the talk is lies,' said Reuben. 'I shall never* marry again.' He looked gloomy as he made this reply. Then, as if anxious to change the sub jest, said : 'LYou'll be* wanting more hands now the harvest is coming on. won't you ?'. ' That I shall, replied the farmer ' especially since that great black-eyed chap you sent over here last Novem ber is gone., . ' Is he gone ?' asked Reuben eagerly. ' Where ?' 'Gone to Tintagel.' ' Why aid' you. send him away ? Didn't he behave himself ? What did he do wrong, eh ? ' I didn't send 'un away; he went of his own free will.. I'd no fault to find wi' un. . He served me well-i did a man's work for 'a boy's wage. I offered 'un more to stay, but ihe wouldn't.' Reuben was disappointed. He hoped that he had done something wrong, and had been discharged. 'Twould have been an easy matter then to have got him out of the neigh bourhood. 'Where .is he gone?' he said at length; 'that is, to whose place ?' ' To Tommy Trethewy's.. He's go ing to learn carpenterin' and buildin'.' Reuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but gal loped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a 'few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlan tic. He dismounted and sat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on his face. ' I can do nothing through John,' he said to himself,.' nothing at all. Oan anything be done with Tommy Trethewy ? He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me. But what can I say if I go to him, and why, should I say anything ?' He looked out on the wide sea, and its immensity gave him a" sense of freedom and strength; he turned and looked on the.broad acres around.him, .most of which were supposed to be his, and these ,gave him a sense of security and comfort.. 'After <all,' he""s'aid, ' I' know. nothing against the fellow. A strange, hulking youth, no doubt,'but' that is all. It's my own conscience that has made me feel so bitter towards him": he always reminds me of-but never mind. Why should I go and seek to ruin his prospects when the gainis so doubtful? Of course, if I thought thut any good would come of driving him from the country Iwould do it, no matter what the consequences:were, but I do not see the good of it,' For a long time he calculated and considered the probable ' issues, and ?flnally concluded to :let him stay. If Ishamel were his enemy, as he had a ,vague idea that he was, it might not be the wisest thing to drive him out of sight. Indeed, it might be better if he kept him within sight. If he were only a surly, dark-minded youth -well, then, he-Reuben Penwithen -had nothing to bother about, Still, he would watch, and that closely, so closely that nothing, however small, should escape his notice. So far his mind was settled; but he was not quite free from the influences of the night before. That will still troubled him, as it had douio ever sinoo old Margery had died. Presently ho gave a start and looked up. It was on Nick Liddloat, one of his brother-in-law's servants; and before Nick came" up 'Reuben had conceived a plan. ' Nick,' he said, ' take my horse back to Carloggas stable. I'll call for him in about an hour, SIss, sur,' replied Nick, who led' the animalaway.until'he had. got out. of Reubeni's Sight, then' he jumped. on his back, ' jist to zoo of he sudden ride, a gentleman's hose.! As for Reuben, he hurried down the. Cliffs, and presently came to the sandy. beach. He hurried along a little way until he came to the cave into which he had gone 19 yearsbefore. Hehad the will with him then, and he was wondering what he should do with it. To-day he was still undecided, He entered the olve. It mouth stood behind groat rocks, and was thus hidden from view. ' He had dis covered it when a boy. Ho believed thou, as ho believed now, that no one knew of it but himself. The floor was covered with hard dry sand. The sea never entered except at high tides, while the water never reached the ox treme end of it, He lit, a match and looked 'garouhd, H9 examined the roof 'and sides, fooling along carefully with his hands, Presently his hand went into a hole ih the side of the cave. How the hole had boon made he did not know, but he know that such holes in caves wore common. Yes, he could just touch the end. How quiet it was in thore I Out side the waves surged and moaned, but there all was different. The nearest house was half a mile away, and the eard was unknown, 'He sat down on a stone and ro meined thoro thinking, for an hour or more.4 His mind eemed mo~deup, and lie. $~ame Morthide: and' looked around.~ No one was' near, no .one saw ~Then he went back to Car. loggas with a look of confidence on thisfaco. . Thast da Isbmael started to work at Tommy Trethewy's, and he, in spite of his interest in his work, made many: plans' about the K future, not knowing what Reuben Pehwithen liad determined upon. STHE END OF 13OOK II. ~BOOK III. OHAPTER I. m iEHYEk1JLs DAss AwAY.' It will come, I suspect, at the end of life, . When you walk along and review the past; And I, who 'so long shall have done with strife, And journeyed my stage and earned my w, • 'age,. And retired as was right-- am called at last, When the devil stabs you, to lecid the knife. -Ronanr BEowanco. •Two men sat in the Penwithen library. One youngi good.lobking, ardent, and trembling with excite ment; the other middle- aged, wary looking, yet with a smile of gratifica tion 'on his face. They were conrversing earnestly and 'in tones of confidence. The subject of conversation was im portant to both. The younger of the two was Frank Retallick, son and heir to Squire Retallick, of Coombehead. Squire Retallickiwas a countymmagis trate" and a large landowner. In old Michael Penrose's days he regarded Penwithen as a nice little estate which he would like to add to his own, and looked upon old Michael as a respect able man to whom he ~dould speak in a friendly way should occasion occur. He looked upon this old yeoman as very much beneath him in social rank, showever, and the two families 'never had much intercourse. Things, however, had .changed in later years. Squire Retallick, while possessing a comfortable income, was not a rich man; and as he .had three daughters, as well as his son Frank, who drew prettily heavily on his re sources, ready money was not an over plentiful commodity. Moreover, he felt that a man in his position ought to dow.r his daughters well,. and that he could not do without mortgaging Coombshoad estate. And if 'oombs head were mortgaged, Frank would have a great difficulty in keeping up his proper position ini the county. Thus the old squire was drawn to wards Reuben Penwithen, who had been able to add several farms to the. Penwithen estate, and had also gained the reputation of being very successful in all the business transactions which he had undertaken. Not that he re garded Reuben as being in any way his equal. He was only a farmer of the better sort, who must be recog nised because he might be useful some day ... , • ? .: ; ? ? : , : ? dThus it rcame adout that Reuiben had visited Coombehead, while Frank Retalliok had on several occasions called at Penwithen. Bertie .Pen withen had also become friendly with Frank, and had made him acquainted with his sister Grace. It was about Grace that Frank had called at Penwithen on the morning-in question ;, it was about Grace that he spoke' to' Reuben Penwithen so ear Frank was by no means' a bad looking fellow, and certainly 'no one who looked iAto his bright blue eyes could help but admit that he was true and honest as the day, and that no better name than ' Frank.' could have been chosen for him. Not that he was especially clever or in any wpy gifted out of the ordinary. He was of ordinary height, and had a well formed body, He had a fairly good. looking face, but could not be called handsome, nor was he in any *way distinguished in appearance. He was, however, a gentleman by natural in stinct and education, as well as by birth, 'Added to this, hewas genderous and good-tempered, so it was no won der that he was generally liked by all Who knew him. Moreover, 6he was considered ' a good catch ' by all well-to-do families in that part of the country, and old Squire Retallick looked forward to seeing his son married to the heiress of some wealthy family. He was sure that this could be easily arranged, as Frank was a general favourite and occupied no mean position. 'You have. not spoken" to your father about this ?' said Reuben Pen withen interrogatively, in reply to anu earnest, statement by the: young man,. 'No, Mr. Penwvithen, not yet. I don't'think he'd object though, He's more anxious,.for my happiness ,than anything else, so I'm pretty sure to find smooth sailing in that direction.' 'Neither have you spoken to my daughter, I think ?' 'No, 'not yet. The truth is, I wanted to speak to you first, Miss Grace is rather reserved, and has not encouraged me very much, Still, I think she must understand how mat tors stand with me. She's always' very kind, and really, Mr. Ponwithen, I do lo--' 'There, there, Mr. Frank, I've no doubt about that. But you've not spoken to her, neither do you know anything as to the state of her heart. Young ladies are strange creatures, you know;. you hardly know which way to take thomr;' and a dark, gloomy look crossed his face,. 'But what do you wish me to do ?' he con 'Iwantyouto givoyourconsonttomy -my trying to win Miss Grace,'he said, with a flushed face. ' I really do love her-so, and I'm sure I could make her happy if she'd let me,' (2b 6e cosnssued.) 