MEETING IN THE DOMAIN. Y'cslorilay afternoon a demonstration at tended by between 5000 and C000 persons was held in the Domain, when several speeches favorable to the- reprieve of the condemned men were delivered. Mr. George Hawkins, In moving that Mr. R. D. Meagher should preside at the meet ing, and forward tho resolutions arrived at to the proper authorities, insisted that 110 one connected with this agitation had any sympathy with criminals or crime; but they desired that those unhappy men should have an opportunity given them of atoning for their past deeds, and making their peace with God. They asked In the name of the mercy which they hoped for themselves, that mercy should be ex tended to these men, who are now standing on the brink of the grave. (Cheers.) Mr. R. D. Meagher regretted that an ab solutely untrue report had found its way Into tho press to the effect that the con demned man Montgomery had, in a recent interview, made use of the following words: — "The Government think they are malting a good thing out of hanging mo. Tlioy are welcome to it." He (Mr. Meagher) emphati cally denied that Montgomery had said anything of the sort, and there could be nothing' more calculated to Inflame mem bers of the Cabinet than the assertion that injustice was being done to malte political capital. What Montgomery did say was to him (Mr. Meagher) only, and his words wore: "If the Government find any satis faction in hanging mc, well, they are wel come to It." There was a huge distinc tion between the two sentences, for the one meant that the man in a resigned manner said tho Government, if it found satisfaction in hanging him, could take their course; whilst the other was a taunt that the Government was making political capital in this manner. (Cheers.) He observed that, according to the same pa per, Sir George Dibbs wished to have any fresh facts that were obtainable placed before liim. and he (Mr. Meagher) had written a long letter to the Premier which set out some fresh facts and placed others in a now light. He thought It was matter for congratulation that Sir George Dibbs was Vice-president of the Executive Coun cil, for ho believed they would receive jus tice and mercy. (Cheers.) And the pub lic and private life of tho mem bers of the Executive Council showed that mercy coull be hoped for from them. (Cheers.) Many present would re member that 10 years ago two young men were condemned to suffer death for cri minal assault. A largo demonstration was held, and one citizen worked superhumanly in tho matter, led the deputation to Gov ernment House, and begged the Governor not to cary out the sentence. The noble- hearted man who acted in that way was George Richard Dibbs — (continued cheer ing ) — and he bolieved- that the Sir George Dibbs of to-day had the same noble heart that George Richard Dibbs then displayed. (Renewed cheering.) He who then begged for mercy had by his own Indomitable character risen to that position which en abled him to grant mercy; and ho (Mr. Meagher was confident the appeal would not be made in vain. (Cheers.) Mr. Meagh er concluded by stating that all of tho jurymen who tried the case of these men had now signed the petition. (Applause.) Mr. G. Black, M.P., moved — "That this meeting, having no sympathy with crimi nals or criminality, and not considering this question from the standpoint of aver sion to capital punishment, desires to place on record its approval of tho exertions made by the press and Parliament for the commutation of the death penalty Imposed upon Montgomery and Williams, and prays that the Executive will accede to the un mistakable desire of the people for mercy." Ho pointed out that, charged as these men were, the jury had no option but to ac quit them entirely or convict, and that meant tho passing of the death sentence. All of the jurymen had now signed the reprieve petition, and several of them had said that If they had known that death was the penalty, they would have sat till the crack of doom ere they would have found the men guilty. There were In New South Wales no less than 22 offences which tho law regarded as worthy of tho death penalty, whereas in the old country there were only two. Such barbarous laws he maintained, made towards the fomen tation of an anarchic spirit in a com munity, and he trusted ere long they would be altered. Mr. Thomas Walker, M.P., seconded the resolution. He said there wore crimes for which hanging was too easy a punishment, but hero we were not even following the old law of an eye for an eyo, a tootli for a tooth, as the whole body was being de manded for & broken limb. (Cheers. Wo wore now less merciful than tho people of 1800 years ago, and were losing our humanity in our fanatical admiration for that wonderful entity — the law. To him there was nothing more sacred than human life, and when it became a choice between law and life, be would stand up for life, which was not the gift of human legislation as law was. and which could not bo restored as law could. (Cheers.) Ho maintained that this particular law was technically the crime ot murder, and said it was passed because Sir Henry Parkes believed all the Fenians In the world wore centred round the Kiama road, and was solely due to Sir Henry's craze about the "Kiama ghost." (Cheers and laughter.) He trusted these men would be reprieved in order that the good name of the colony would be redeemed, and people would know Unit we had emerged from absolute barbarism. (Cheers.) .Messrs. II. Gato, .1. J. Purcell, aud Mrs. Macnamara ai. u addressed the meet ing. The r'-rulu'i'in, on being put. was carried unanimously. Tin proeeeilines Hosed villi a vote of thanks to Mr. Meagher for the exertions he hud made on behalf of the condemned men. 