THEOSOPHY. . ?. ? ? : ? 49 ? — ? THE 'CATHOLIC' VIEW. FATHER LE RENNETEI/'s DISCOURSE. At St. Patrick's on. Sunday morning, the Very Rev. P. LeRennetel, S.M., addressed a crowded congre gation on ' Theosophy.' We give a report, keep ing as closely as possible to the preacher's exact language. Theosophy is in the air. You hear of nothing else, But what is Theosophy, or Ndo-Buddhism, for after all Theosophy is simply another name f of Buddh ism ? It is a system of religion -with moral pre cepts, and dogmatical tenets. It comes down to us with, tne respectability oi age, and the authority of numbers. But as age will nolv of necessity give wisdom, and as numbers cannot interfere with the light of reason, we have this morning to study the system, and take it for what it is worth after our study. If we consult Dr. Tiele's ' Outlines of the History of Religion,' Henry Alibastar's 'Wheel of the Law,' Spence Hardy's ' Manual of Buddh ism,' Bartholomew' St. Hilaire's ' Boudha,' Bishop Bigandet's ' Legends and life of Buddha,' and Sir Edwin Arnold's fine poem, 'The Light of Asid,' we find, first that we cannot much depend on the chronology of tile! sacred books of the East — a chroriclogy with which the vivid imagination of the Indian had much to do. Wiseman, with the experience of Mr. Wilfordin his mind, says that to these elements of distrust should be added wilful misrepresentation. The Hindoos claim for ttfo of their books the Surya Siddhanta, and Vasishta Siddhantd, a modest antiquity of some millions of years. But the astro nomical labours of Mr. Bentley make it clear that these books must be dated from the 10th or 11th century after Christ. The same Mr. Bentley, speaking of the legend of Krishna, whose history resembles the life of Our Lord, and whose existence as' one of the Avatar is placed thousands of years before our era, p'foves beyond, doubt by the position of the planets of Krishna's death (as described in the Janampatra of Krishna) that it took place on the 7th of August, in the year 600 of our era. Now, as regards the variety of Buddhist books, Mr. Wilford, who had them transcribed and translated for him, found that his transcriber used to erase and alter passages of the most sacred books. For the defence, it was urged that it had always been the practice of the holy men of India. But it matters very little whether Buddhism, either the Ceyloneseor the Thibetanic, began to exist a long time before Christ, and whether, as it is more than probable, it took and inscribed in its interpolated books many of our Christian teachings and prin ciples. What we have to; ascertain is this : Is it a system that can satisfy the reason of any intelligent being ? They call it the Wisdom Religion, and they always speak of seeking after truth. But do they and can they be called wise when it is the denegation of God's^exjstence, or rather the deification of man? God is ;not known, it says, nor knowable. It teaches that there is an eternal existence beyond human cognition. There is a dual root — substance, matter on its negative, and spirit or enerev on its positive, side. Spirit and matter are not separable, but are merely the opposed poles of the one root substance, and are present in every particle as the pole in every fragment of a magnet. Hence it is that Theosophy. makes the absolute in its most general acceptance the source of all things, mind being the brightest point in the evolution of universal being. It effaces the specific distinc tion between matter and spirit. It regards them as identical with being. It raises matter to the dignity of thought. It makes man a god, but a god who during an eternal evolution appears as a wave on the surface of the ocean, that speedily disappears in the flood, and is absorbed in the unfathomable and unconscious absolute. In spite of its fascinat ing appearance, and the solemn airs it assumes, it cannot unlock the world — puzzle, or even unravel, the microcosm. It is incompetent to explain the beginning of beings, the origin and the various forms of life, the unity in variety, and variety in unity. Individualization is inconceivable in that system. Either the Theosophist must regard indi viduals as part of the infinite or he must admit a substance distinct from the infinite to make him an individual. In the first nart hnw nan mnnv finitp. form an infinite, an absolute being ? In the second alternative, then, he knows nothing of the infinite ; he is only conscious of himself. The distinction between real and ideal being, and the real and ideal world, must have a real foundation, else we could not say that they really exist. By thinking of a ghost I do not really create one, and so my thought of the absolute and the infinite would not make it. To have a real existence, it must have been, outside my mind. By what means is the individual, conscious or self-conscious, to be evolved from unconscious being ? What is the reason that this individualization is more complete in one part of the universal being than in another ? Experience shows that the march of the individual towards self consciousness and a relative personal being in a number of individuals are conceivable on the sup position of an absolute self-consciousness to a personal absolute ; but they cannot be conceived from a universal unconscious being. So Theosophy falls short of truth in its very basis, in its root sub stance. To be intelligible, the world must be conceived as the effect of an absolute cause, as the work of a personal creator. So far we thought that God made the world out of nothing. If we are Theoso phists we would have to believe that the world comes from the substance of God, and is a part of God, and therefore God Himself. Creatures Avould be nothing else but an extension of God, or rather a modification of His substance. The true formula of theosophy would be the necessary union between the infinite and the finite ; the changeable and the immovable would be co-eternal and consubstantial, that is, forming but one and the same substance. The Pantheists believe that there is but one substance, the great Beness, the great All, and that all beings are but a modification of that substance. To say such things, and I do not see how a Theosophist can say any thing else, is to affirm that the same substance can have contradictory characters and qualifications to be such and not to be such ; it is to sustain that there is no essential distinction between matter and spirit, and that the same substance maybe material aud immaterial, and that when we believed that wo \- ? ? ' ? ' n .4 had a body and a soul, we were the victims of a delusion. We thought that our body was by itself rdaterial, inert, divisible, and subject to decomposi tion. -ye . thought that our soul was immaterial, indivisible, and that the body and the soul were perfectly distinct of each other ; and Theosophy would have us admit that there is but one _ substance in. us, although it has con tradictory characters . and qualifications — that unique substance would become in turn matter and spirit, inert and intelligent, passive and active. Ihat a substance would become the sea, the forest ™e mountain, and also man an angel and a Mahatma, It would bring out from the same source the perfect and the imperfect, the relative and the absolute, the finite and the infinite, the transient and the eternal. Is this not doing violence ' to common sense and making us admit palpable absurdities ? And as regards morals, who does not see at once the horrible disasters it Avould bring upon man kind ? If the old saying : 'The King can do no wrong,' can be applied to pantheistic morality, and I do not see how it can but be applied to it, the man, being of the same substance as God, can do no wrong, and you are wrong when you flog your children, for you flog the Deity itself ; you do wrong when you send rt thief to gaol, for man is a part o£ God ; when you send a murderer to the scaffold, for that man again is of the substance of God. Where will that lead us ? Will you toll me that if we do not behave properly we shall be reincarnated in an inferior degree ? But who will cause us to be reincar nated, since we belong to God's substance, and are the masters of our destiny ? Socrates thought he had been a goose when he was formerly on earth, and I fear that many of our Theosophists, if they accepted the theory of Socrates, would have to apply it in their own cases more to the present than to th past* According to the teachings of Theosophy, the believer, if he willtf to reach Virvana, or eternal rest, must follow the middle way. Now, what is the middle path r It is the sublime eightfold path, viz., right views, right aspirations, right speech, right conduct-, right livelihood, right effort, right mindedness, and right contemplation. This middle path is perfect, with it we do not find fault. Bufc what are we to say of the end arrived at, annihi lation ? It would be as well to tell an artist to make a statue as perfect as possible, and that the moment it is it shall be destroyed. An encouragement this . must be for him to spend his days and nights in perfecting his works. The Theosophic teaching is that Nirvana (calm and dreamless rest), or utter annihilation, must be reached by the extinction of the desire to live, and this goal, by knowledge. But the more we know, theinore we feel we have to learn, and the greater desire to live. Hence Nirvana can never be reached by wisdom. According to this theory, knowledge and the desire to attain it is absolutely punished by keeping us from the heaven of the Thesophists. And what about the celebrated doctrine of reincarnation? What proofs have we of it? Will you say that the Mahatinas have spoken to us about it ? But the Mahatmas have not reached per fection, since they are not in Nirvana, and if they have not reached it first of all, according to the Theosophists' theory, they are liable to Maja illu sion, and you cannot prove that this dream of theirs is not an illusion. And as to these Mahatmas, we have no other proof of their existence than the assertion of Madame Blavatsky and two or three others. We all know how easily they might have been imposed upon by shrewd Orientals, all the more so when the Mahatmas are not known in their own country. The Llamas know nothing of these mys terious beings, who are supposed to dwell in their midst. 