Chatter XIL Thou strikes* — abeence periaheh, TTie fntore brightens on oar si~ht ; For on this p\st bath fallen a H«ln Tlut tempts us to adore While Joanita clang with feverish intensity to the hope of discovering her huabaud'a mur derer, Lord Cheriton seemed to be gradually resigning himself to the idea that the crime would go to swell the long list of undiscovered murders which be coald recall within his own experience of life— crimes which had kept society expectant and ou the alert for a month, and which had stimulated the police to unwonted exertions, finally to sink into oblivion, or to be occasionally cited as an example of the mysteriousnrss of human history. He bad offered a large reward, he Lad brought all his own trained intelligence to beir upon the subject ; he had thought and brooded upon it by day and by night, and the result had been niL A hand had been (stretched out of the darkness to slay an unoffending young man, in whose life bis daughter's happiness had been bound np That was the whole history of the murder. A shot heard in the night, a bullet fired oat of the darkness with most true and fatal Not one indication, not one suggestive fact had been discovered since the night of ilie murder. *' It is hopeless,' said Lord Clieritofi, talk ing over the calamity with Mr. .Scarsdale, the Vicar of Cheriton find Testwick, adjoining parishes; the crime and the motive of the crime are alike inscrutable. If one could imagine a reason for the act it might I-c easier to get upon the track of the murderer ; but a deed. It has been suggested to me tlid.t .Sic Godfrey might have had a secret cueinv — that bis life might not hate been as spoiler as we think—' ' I will answer for it that he was never guilty of a dishonorable action, that he pro voked no man's hatred by any unworthy act,'1 interrupted the vicar warmly, lie had been curate at Mil brook before he got the Cheriton living, aud had lived at the Priory and pre pared Godfrey Carmichael for Eton, go lie claimed the right to voucb for the houuur of the dead. ' There never was a whiter snul in mortal clay,' he said. ' 1 am inclined to estimate his character almost as highly as you,' replied Lord Cheri ton deliberately, ' yet the straighteat walker may make one false step — and there may tiace University or in London — *' ?'I will never believe it. He may have been tempted— he may have yielded to temptation— but if he erred, be sure he Atoned for bis error to the uttermost of his power.' ** There are errors — seeming light, to the steps that stumble -winch cannot be atoned for. ' ' There was uo such error In bis youth. 1 looked in his f-cc ou his weddm*; day, Lord Cheriton, and it was the face of «. man of unblemished life— a man who need fear no ghost out of the dead past.' 'WeH, you are right, I believe— *nd io that case the murder is motiveless— the murder of a madman— a madman bo pro coandly artful in his lunacy as to escape every eye. By 'heaven, I wish we tad the old wmy of hunting such a quarry — and that a leash nf bloodhounds could have been set loose upon his track with an hour of tbe murder. They vpouM have hnnfed him down ? iJiexr instinct would have found him skulking and shivering in bis lair ; and we should have needed no astute detective primed, with all the tradi tions of Scotland Yard. It would have bceu swift, snJdeu justice— blood for blood.' Iiis dark grey eyes Blioae with an angry light a$ he walked up and down the spacious floor of the library, while the Vicar stood in front of the fire, looking gravelv into his clerical hat, and without any suggestion to ' I hope Lady Carmicbael is recovering her spirits,' he said feebly, after a pause. ' She is not any happier than she was wheu her loss was ouly a week old L but eUe keeps up in wouderful way. I believe she is sus tained by some wild notion that the murderer will be found— that she will live to see her husband's death avenged. I doubt if at present she has any other interest in life ' ' But let us hope she will be cheered by the society of her husband's people. I hear that the Morningsides and the Grcnville? are to be at the Priory in November.11 '* Indeed ! I have heard nothing about it.1* ' I was at Swanage yesterday afternoon, and took tea with Lady Jane. She was full of praises of Lady CarQiichael'dg-Kidiiesd, ami her desire that alt things at the Priory might be just as they had becu in Sir Ood frey'a lifetime. Hie brothers-in-law used io be invited for the shooting in November, and they were to be invited this year, on con dition that Lady Jane would help to entertain them, and Lady Jane had consented gladly. So there will be a large family party ut the Priory on this side ot Christmas,' concluded the Vicar. ' I am glad to hear it,*' said Lord Cberiiou. 41 Anything is better fur licr thaoi solitude ; any occupation, if it be only revising a bill, of fare, or listeuiug to femiuine twaddle, in better for her than idleness.' *' Yes, there will be a houseful,' pursued the Vicar, '? Mrs. G.«nville takd her uuracry with her wherever she goes ' ** And Mrs. Morningsidc is delighted to leave hers behind her.' ** Yes, she is one of those mothers who are always telling people uhat paragons of nurses Providence has provided for tbeir darlingF, or how admirably their children are being brought up by a model governess,' said the neglect of duty. «? By-the-byu, talking of mothers, I believe I saw Mrs. Porter's daughter the other day while I was in town.' 11 You be ieve you saw her ?'* 11 Yes, I am not certain. A face flashed past me in the street oue night, and when tbe Mercy Porter's eyes tliat looked at me fur an instant in the gaslight. I was in one of those crowded new neighbourhoods on the Suirey side of liattereea Bridge, a wilderness of shabby streets. I had been to hear Vansittart preach a tuisiiou sermon at a church near Wands worth, aud 1 was ualkiug ba.uk to Chelsea. It was hue ou a Saturday night, and the road was full of co^tcruiongcrs' working people doing their marketing. I tried to overtake the girl whose f:ice had startled me, but k was no use. She had melted in the croud. I went back the whole length of the street, Imping I might Cud her in frouc of oue of the coster's stalls ; but she must have turned into one of the numerous side streets, and it was hopeless to bunt for her there. Yet I should have been very glad to get hold of her.' *' Is she much changed ?' ' Changed ! Yes. It was ouly the ghost of Mercy Porter that I saw. I should not have known her but for her eyes. She had fine eyes, do you remember, and with a great deal of expression in them. I think I should be safe in swearing to Mercy Porter's eyes. ' tl Did sue look poor or ill V' ?'She looked both— but the illness might be only hunger. She had that wan, pinched look one sees iu the faces of the London poor, especially in the women's faces.'' '* Have you told her mother ?'' would be giving the poor soul useless pain to tell her anything -having so little to tell. She knew years ago that Colonel Tmuaiue had descried his victim. au.I that tbe eirl had dropped through. (Jod knows where : into Uic abyss that swa.llovi.ii up liaudeumc yuuuu wouiui who begin their career iu West Kud lodgings and a. hired brougham. If the mother u ere to gu iu quest of her, and briug her home here, it might be only to bring shame and misery upon her declining years. The creature may have fallen too low for the possibility of reformation, and the mother's last hours would be darkened by ber Bin. I would do much to r- ? uc her— but I would rather try to save her tlirougli a stranger'* help I han by the mother's intervention.' Lord Citeriioii continued his pacing to and Iru, and did uotappear particularly interested in the case of Mercy Porter. He had bceu much troubled by her lli^ht from Chcri*on, for the seducer was his guest aud hU own familiar friend, and he had felt himself in somewise to blame for having brought such a man toCheri ton. Uc told himself that he would not have bad Trcmainc iuside his house had his own daughter becu out of tbe schoolroom : and yot he had allowed the man to cross the palh of the Hidou'jj only child, and io briug desolatiou and borrow upon the woman whose life he had in somewise taken under his pro U-ctiuii . ' There arc people uliusc mission is to huul out that kind of misery, ' he said, after an interval ot eilcucx-. ' I hope one of these jsntd women will rescue Mercy Poruir. I think you have been wise in saying nothing to the mother. She has got over her trouble, aud auythinc she inujht hear about the girl wonld only be a reopening of oM wounds.' ' She is a wonderful woman,' replied the Vicar ; ?? a. neve, saw such grief aa ber's when the girl ren away ; uid yet mUun % few months she had calmed down into the placid personage she has been ever since. She is a wonder that even at her age pit*1 can cmtttut herself with the monotonons life she leads in that cottage.' 'Oh, she liked the place, 1 believe, and the life suite her,' suid Lord Cheritou care lessly. ' She had seen a good deal of trouble before she came here, and this wad a quiet haven for her after the storms of life. 1 am very sorry the daughter went w roue. ' he added gravely, iuid with a sudden cloud upon liU face. ' That was a Liner blow ; and 1 shall never forgive myself for having brought ' He i* dead, is lie not ?' ' Yes, he was killed in Afghanistan six years ago. He was a t£ood soldier, though he was a Dad man I daresay be made his being ordered off to Indi.-v an excuse for leaving Mercy— left her with a trifle of money, aud then let her drift, I told my lawyer to keep liio eye upon ber, if possible, and to establish her iu some respectable calling if ever he saw the chance of doiuij bo ; but she elniied him somehow, as you know.' ' Yes, you told me what you had done. It was like you to think even of so remote a claim upon your genero ity.' 'Oh, the belonged to Cheriton. I have cul tivated the patriarchal feeling as mnch a= I cuu. All who live upon my laud are under my prot«titfo. '' *' Lady CtieritoQ hi»s been a good friend to Mrs. Porter too.' ' My wife is always kind.1' what he had heard and read dt St. 'elliet's, as the c'osing of his researches in the history of the St ran? ways. The sister's death in a shabby exile remained to be traced; but taere was no light to be expected there ; and Juanita felt that t-he must now submit to surrender her supcreutioo about that evil met. It was not from ihem I be blow had cotne. The murderer had to be liunud for in a wider ran^e, and the quest would be more difficult than s!ie had tbnucht. She wad not tbe less intent upon ducuvery beciin« of thU difficulty. 'I have all my life before -air,'1 she told herself, 'and I have nothing to live for Lut to sec hU murderer puuished.' C To bf ranawd. t 