GOD'S MINISTER SORROW. [By Dit. Lyman Abbott. 1 For the earnest) expectation of the creation waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creation was made subject to decay, not wantonly, but by reason of Him who hath subjected the Bame in.: hope; that the creation itself also.shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the liberty of the glory of the children of God."—(Rom. viii. 19-21. ) I have modified- the wording of the text from that both of the ;King James and revised versions, in order to make it conform more closely to the original meaning as 1 oon ceive it to be. ' . It is .impossible to read with any attentive care the Epistles of Paul without being im pressed by the spirit with which he meets sorrow. And you must remember that Paul was not a poet, sitting in his study surrounded by friends and luxuries, and poetising about other people's sorrows; he was not a philoso pher in his library?writing the philosophy of other people's griefs. Let me turn to his own biography—"Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one. Thrice, was I beaten with rodB, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and .a day I have been in the deep; in jour neyings often, in perils of waters, in, perils of robbers, in perils by own countrymen, -in perils by the heathen, in perils in the oity, in perils in . the wilderness, in perils in the; sea; in perils among false brethren; in weariness and painfulness, in watoh ings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness. Be sides those things that are without, that which cometh upon ma daily, the care of all the churches." Paul knew what sorrow was. Probably there is not a person in this congre gation whose life has had in it more trouble crowded into thirty years than Paul had orowded into his thirty years. Now, if .you read with any care or attention Paul's Epistles, you must be struok, if not inspired, by the spirit with which he met trouble. Nowhere a note of repining'; nowhere an inclination to esoape or -avoid sorrow. Sometimes he meets it with a note of defiance, as in the fifteenth of First Corinthians—"O death, where is thy sting? O, grave, ,where. is. thy victory?" Sometimes he meets it with calm quiet as surance and confidence—"Neither fife, nor death, nor- principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor any other creation, oan separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord." Some times he meets it with rejoioing; sorrow knocks at his door, and he flings the door open, saying —"Come, I have been-looking for you. I am glad to welcome yon; I rejoice in you." " We glory therefore in tribulations,' knowing that tribulation wprketh patience, and patience experiencei-and experience hope, and hope maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is . shed - abroad in our hearts by1' the Holy Ghost which is given unto us." Some times he goes out seeking for sorrow, following after that he may overtake it, crying, "I have suffered the loss of all things that I may know Christ, and the power of His resurrec tion, and the fellowship of His sufferings, .being made conformable to his death." Now in our text Paul gives the philosophy which underlies this experience—" The earnest expectation of. the creation waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God." For creation was made subject' to vanity—that is, to tran sitoriness, to that which is the secret of almost i all our sorrow, to; the passing away of that whioh is dear "to uS; whether it he fame, or wealth, or friendship, or love, or whatever it is. ' God has xnade^-he cireation subjeofrto this • transitorinesS^of-.life; not ^wantonly, not in a spirit of wilfulness,1 but- in that by this i, very process of transitoriness • the oreation shall be redeemed; delivered from this bondage of corruption: into the liberty of the -glory of the children of God. . He starts where Job started, but he does not stop where Job stopped, Man is born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward. As natural as it is for a spark to fly. up from the fire, so natural is it for-man to know sorrow. It can not be evaded; it cannot be escaped. We ; are not to meet grief under the impression that we are put into this life to be happy, and every time that sorrow comes, it comes as an intruder. .We are continually imagining that thegoodnesa of God- means happiness for ! His creatures ; and • that therefore, 'if un happiuess comes, either it means , that there is .not a good God, or else.that that God has been set aside by the lawa of nature, by some evil spirit in man or without htm. No, says Job, we are born to trouble, . as the sparks fly upward. So Paul sayB the creation was made subject to transitoriness. That- is. the. divine plan. Sorrow is interwoven into the fabric of life; God means tears. These tears are for a divine purpose. But they are not .the ex pression of His wrath; they are not the special messengers of . a.divine indignation; He does not pick you out and send a burden, upon you for a speoifio purpose. No, He putsi humanity into a . world of sorrow, because sorrow is the method by which oharacter is to be developed. We are in the world in order that out of the processes to whioh we are sub jected including -pain, the manifestation of the sons of God.may.be wrought. We- are ins the world that out of a lower order we may be brought up, step by step, into the liberty of the glory of the children of God ; and the only steps by whioh the liberty of that glory can be won are Bfceps of Borrow. Grief is God's educator. Trouble is God's minister to man hood. Therefore it is that Paul, looking for sorrow and upon.death sometimes as though it were an enemyi.saya, I am not afraid of him; and sometimes says, You cannot separate, me. from love of God, I hold fast to that; and sometimes says, Come in, I welcome you, I am glad that you have come, because yon are going to render me real service; and some times openB the door and goes out to sorrow and says, Come, Xjwant you, I follpw after, if that I may be conformed unto the death of Christ and may have participation in His suffering. It is because this' black- hued angel? carries .in his hand a gift that Paul wants—the-: gift of a divine manhood. , | In the first place, then, snfienng is a great Iteaoher. We learn our best lessons in the | school of suffering. We learn what truth is by suffering from error. We learn what holi jness is by suffering from sin. And we especially learn the one great lesson of [ obedience. God does not pick out men and women and send them specific suffer i ings as the token of His special wrath or indignation; but He teaches, and he t helps us. to teach others; He builds us np, and He helps us to build up others, (through the ministry of pain. We are all in a great forest; and the Christ calls to us, I Follow Me; and we say, we do not.like the look of that path; it does nob look very prac | ticable,;.we will try this way, to the right ; ; and Christ says, very well, try the other way.; I and we try it. and we get in among the briers | and bramble^, andiare wounded and bleeding, and. comeback again; and. there stands the i patient figure of . Jesus, and . he calls again, Follow Me ; and again we say, that looks as if it-were a pretty steep hill—we will try this way,, to the left; and Christ says, Very well, try it; and pretty soon we get into the bog up to our knees; and we come back once more, and there still stands the patient-figure, saying, Follow me. So by trouble,we learn the way of righteousness—bhab is, the way of obedience. , Could not God teach us these things without suffering ? Could nob He tell us ? , Has not He told us? How many years ago did He tell men, Thon shalb not steal? and in spite of all the penalty sent ur>on the hnman race because of dishonesty still in the nineteenth cenbury men do nob know tbab honesty is the only path to prosperity. How many years ago did He say to men, Thou shalb not commit adultery ? and through all these cenburies, in spite of the penalties, still men have nob yet learned that chastity is the condition of love and nnchastity strangles love and buries it. No, you oannot teach people by telling them. How we fathers and mothers try to do it. How we try to hand over our experiences to our children that they may know from us what we have learned through pain. Bub they have tp go to the same school and learn the lessons where we learned them. -The ferule hangs in God's schoolroom, and there is no scholar who learns his lesson without it. Bub it is nob only the lessons of life, and it is not only this one great letson of obedience in life that God teaches through the ministry of suffering. The development of suffering can not be save through pain and trouble. " Be sides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith courage, and to courage knowledge, and to knowledge Belf-control, and to self-control patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness love." How will you do that snm in addibion? How will you add to your faith courage? There ib only one way—by opposing danger. There is no conceivable way by which a man can acquire courage except by ■ meeting and overcoming fear,' for courage_ is the con quering of fear by a higher motive._ He can not conquer fear .unless the fear is present; and fearis disagreeable. How will you add to courage patience?• .Look at the Greek word; you will find that it means "remainingunder."; There is only one way by which you can learn patience. Id is by shouldering the burden and carrying it patiently. You cannot • learn pabience from a preacher in the pulpit—unless he preaches a long or a dull sermon on a warm day; and then you are carrying a burden! There is no way by which you can learn to bear a burden except by bearing it. It is the standing straight with the burden on the shoulder that makes one straight—as the German women pub the load upon their heads and then have to walk erect—I wish some sohoolgirls could be taught like the German woman for a little while. How are you to get self-control? Only by putting the lower nature under the higher one. and that is not a pleasant operation to the lower nature. Self control is compelling the lower to serve the higher, and the lower does not like to be compelled to serve $re higher. Only trouble will accomplish the gift of self- control. God liness—one oannob be wafted " into godli ness ; one cannot be sung into godliness; one cannot be rocked and cradled into godliness. Do you want to know who God is? Open your Bible and read some of the names by which He is called: "Comforter." Can you know what thab means until you have known sorrow, and God has come to comforb you in your sorrow? "Guide." Can you know what that means nntil you have- been so distraught by perplexity that you can no longer see your path for yourself, and look to Him'for guidance ? " Redeemer." Can you tell whatthab means until you have felt the chains upon your wrists," and He has : come arid set you free? "Saviour." Can you know what that mean3 until you have felt the burden of a past sin in your own heart, and found out what salvation means by an experience of deli verance5 from that burden? No! there is no way in which charaoter can be developed except through the 'experience of • sorrow. We grow into heroism by facing danger; we grow into, self-control by mastering the lower nature; we grow into patience by bearing burdens; we grow into god liness by learning the operations' of God's nature, themselves born of suffering in God; we grow into brotherly kindness by entering through our sympathy into all human ex perience, and weeping with those that weep, as well as rejoioing with those thab rejoice; and we learn love only when we have learned the meaning of self- sacrifice, for no' one knows how to love who has not known how to saorifice self for love's sake. Nor can we take any part in the world's redemption except through the ministry of suffering. "Nor it became Him, for Whom are all things, and by Whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings." Christ himBelf could not be made perfect as a captainof salvation except through suffering ; and if you and X want to have any share in lifting sin off other men, any share in alleviating their wretohedness, any share in delivering them from the. bondage of corruption, it is possible only through onr entering into their. suffering and sharing that suffering with them. Some of you remember . how,, in the , earlier stages of the civil war, a committee of Con gressmen known as the committee on the war undertook to sit in Washington and to keep the armies in . the field, and some of; youwill remember what work was made until we got a captain who was in the field where the battle was. When we pub him there then, and only then, had we viotory. Do you remember how, when our Lord came back from Perea to the house of Mary and Martha, first Martha and then Mary came, sayiug: " If Thou hadst been here my brother, had not died ?"-How many funerals I have attended, and met that'horrible "if!" If I had done this thing,; if I had done the other thiDg, if I had been a'little wiser, if I had called the doctor a little sooner, if a different doctor had come, if-the treatment had been something other my brother had not died. O tortured soul, there is no "if" with God. God knows ..life .and understands it. Your very blunders He takes into His hands and sanctifies, - and makes them serve the ministry of His love. ' Or perhaps yon are tortured; by enemies; perhaps malice baa followed you;, perhaps enemies have hounded you, and you have said, This does not come from God: it has come from men; I know who senblt'. Have you forgotten ? Have you read;your;Scripture so superficially? Pilate and-Gaiaphas and' Judas combined to slay the Christ. The treachery of one, the self-seeking of the-other, the cowardice of the third mixed the cup phut when' it was presented in Gethse mane do you, -remember what Christ- said-: "Thecap which My Father^.giveth, shall I not drink of it?" ... y :• ,1 Oh, if we could but for- a'-1 moment sweep away that <nndiaiik'„.:If:-;\fe'i;9>td^:bu6 for a moment listen and hear the songs "of those who, a little while 'ago, were" working and struggling at . oar' side, how. singing, blessing, and honor, and.-power, and' glory be unto the Lamh. If we could but for-a moment tear this veil, from 'our eyes and see those who are clad in . white raimdnt. ..But ;.we cannot. Still, we need nob wait for that. Through our faith in God-, our faith ini, immortality,- our faith in life as God's ordaining,, we even here and now may cry with Paul, "O' death, where is thy sting?- O grave, where is thy victory ?". We,, like Paul, may call our troubles our friends, making them more than conquerors. • When the dark visage' of sorrow knocks at our door, we, too, may fling the door wide open, saying, "Come in, thou blessed of the Lord f and if he knocks not we will even go out with Paul and cry to sorrow, "Comeback to us, - and leb us also have some share in the sufferings of our Lord, that we may have the power of His resurrection. 