Notes hy " Eclipse." The past year has not been a record one so far as importations are concerned, bat the total number of dogs landed here from the old country is equal to the preceding year, or an average ot one per weex. x am not going 10 give a full list or bore my readers with a rehash of the particulars given at the time each of our canine friends arrived: However, I cannot pass the old year over without a few words of thanks to some of the most prominent of our canine fanciers, who have been at work in the right direction. Mr J. H. Connell has given the Mastiffs a turn which was much required. His purchase of Vice Chancellor, an English 41 crack," was just what we desired, and may safely be Bet down as the moBt important pur chase that has taken plac9 in connection with tbe Mastiff world here. Messrs Cameron and Tomlin have given us something to Btudy in Newfoundlands, it being sufficient to name Jack Tar, Lady Mayoress and Prairie Flower. Who can now point the finger of scorn at onr Newfoundlands? We have represented in tike above trio a combination of the blnestof blond, in fact, the essence of England's best kennels. Lady Mayoress has four puppies to one of the most succcessful English sires, and these youngsters are full brothers in blood to Pierraaster, a j oung dog which has just made a favorable debut in the old country. Mr C. Ridley's St. Bernard bitch Lady Richmond is a full sister to Lord- Douglas, a young dog which has just made a sensation on the show benches in England, -but I fear his sister on this side of the water will never do likewise in oui sho'v ring, however, I mention ; her as she may prove. an acquisition as a brood bitch, bat most fauciers like the best looking ones to breed from too. The last of the big dogs worthy of mention is Mr De Beer's Great Dane, a young dog with plenty of promise, so his owner says, and it is just as well that his owner is satisfied in this respect, for if he is everyone else will coincide with his views, for of all breeds of dogs the Great Dane is the one which the average colonial knows the 44 least" about. Even the printer goes wrong insetting the name up, he will call them 4 4 Great Dames?" Much asjMr DeBeer may admire the female portion of the world we cannot put him down as an importer of Great 44 Dames." At this seasonable time of the year I send apologies to Mr De Beer on behalf of the printer's devil. We now come to Fox Terriers, and a real gentleman was landed to the order of Mr i Beilby in Earl's Renown ; he is not only a use ful show dog, hut a beautifully bred one, being hy Champion Dominie ex Avon May; those who love good blood conld have nothin? better than this. Mr John Robertson, whose name we feared should be missing from the years im- Sortations, has two Skye Terjiers in Lons- ale Tim and Shiela to his credit, tbey are of exceptional merit, and should prove valuable acquisitions to ,our Skye terrier sec tion. Mrs Thomson has marked the year with .the Pomeranian Pow Pow, just, as it were, to show us what a Pomey ought to be. He 44 fills the bill" well. Mr Michael Cohen gave the Black and Tan terriers a well-deserved impetus when he imported Lady Portland. She has now & litter of puppies to Halifax Ben, which . Mr Cohen speaks highly of. He should stand a good chance in the 44 ring" with these young sters if all goes welt There axe other animus which have oeen imported during the year, but these were fully described in 44 The Weekly- Times" at the time of their arrival. It will be seen by the foregoing remarks that many of our canine fanciers have "been busy during the past year, and I wish them all success with their importations. Very few people have any idea of the amount of anxiety importers have from the time an order Is eent to the old country to the time it is executed, or till the purchase is actually landed in the lander's kennel. Then there is the quaran tine and its attendant risks. To those who have never tried it, importing seems rather pleasant pastime, but those who have taken park in the past year's transactions can testify that the 44 game is not all beer and skittles.", We congratulate our umportetson torn eftriselkhat tiw report it fj M of 1894 may be equal to I not superior to, it predecessor is the wish of yoof homble servant Mr John . Robertson's reoefitty Imported Irish terrier bitch, Ltufy Modify, has whelped four puppies (three bitches one dog) to the English dog Logic. It will be remembered that thiB bitch was landed last week by the Port Pirie, so she was not long in presenting her nevf owner with pnppies. Whilst on & visit to the L msdale kennels, I had a look at Lady Murray and her family. She is a very nice terrier, with a good head end coat of the correct texture. She has her earn on, and they are fairly well carried. This bitch has landed in grand fettle, and looks fit and in good health. Lady Murray and her family should prove valuable acquisitions to our stock of Irish terriers. All those who attended the cricket match in which pur boys were engaged with N.S.W. would be pleased to notice that Mr H. _ Moses, the well-known Fox- terrier fancier, is himself again. He scored weJl, and showed no sign of the 44 old leg weakness" from which he suffered last year. , f A troupe of collie dogs are appearing at the Royal Aquarium, at- Brighton, England, which are slated to have been, trained solely by kind- ® ness. and no whip or stick is used. Included if in their tricks is a scene of a house on fire, ;'v, wherein two of the dogs fetch and trolly along a' fire escape and place it against the huuee. p One of the dogs then mounts and enters the M top room, and brings down in its mouth a p child. On reaching the stage the dog falls || down apparently dead. Its widow then comes |p forward to mourn its fate and to assist a police £| dog to carry the bier. In connection with this performance an unrehearsed incident occurred the other day. A spectre of the orthodox sort is introduced upon -the stage in the course of the public entertainment, and one of the S characters pretends to be bo frightened that he rashes abont the boards emitting frightful yells || The next set of performers happened to be the || troupe of collies, who were waiting their turn in the wings. On hearing the shrieks they be- came excited, and with one accord jumped on to the stage and tore after the astonished ghost. tj| The phantom did not show the proper ghost-iike contempt for mere materiel assailants ; but he leaped hastily on to a table, and, amid the inextinguishable laughter of the audience, implored somebody to save him from the howling pack. — 44 Queenslander." 