A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. LONDON. Apeil G. It is agreed on all bands that we. are having ah extraordinary, indeed an unheard of Bpring; every green thing is at least three weeks too forward, there have been thunder growls (with only sprinkles of rain) indeco rously ont of season, and while everybody to whom the weather is merely a matter , of; personal convenience' is pleased .(the Hastier-; week vacationeers exalted, with reason), the voice of the grumbler is heard in the land.! The oak has preceded .ihe ash in the race fori renewal of life this year, apd so, according to the oldrhj-me, we are to have only "a summer-flafeb," afad the farmers do not like the, prospect. The excursionists and the bye-ejectioueers .have,.however,, been .having a real J good time.' The reign of the spring flowers in London streets and London houses is more triumphant than ever, and visits to: country places in which daffodils grow in golden profusion bidfairto bepomensmneh of an institution as'trips to Bushey when, the great avenue of chestnuts'/was in full dress used to be. The latter festival still survives, but with diminished prestige; Londoners, even the mo3t " orusted." have learned to go into the eosUy-accessible country for their Sunday outings in the youth of the year. The flowers from a'l parts of England, from, the Channel and -SdTiiiy Islands, from the, fiivietSi'from, the fertile flats of Holland, the gardens of Normandy, and the Italian fields of. violets, .are wonderful to behold. The High-Street of Kensington preaents'a spectacle as well worth reproduction on the: canvas of the heat artists as the most famous1 bower markets of the. foreign lands beloved by our painters., It might he a triumphal way, bordered with heaped-up tribute, made - ready for a procession of the Goddess Flora. With this cult of flowers has come a revival of en old fancy of that romantic period which is Supposed to be finally in cluded among the "aear dead days " to which Mrs. Chandler Moulton sings her sweet hymns of remembrance. The language of flowers is once more to be spoken-; the pretty little books which contained its dainty vocabulary are being reprinted, and the bouquet variant, the "posy" with a purpose, the emblematic " buttonhole," the " bowpot" bidden to dieconree—nay, even the whole phrased jardiniere and the meaning-fraught window-garden—may be looked for as ap proaching commonplaces of fashion, and the "composing" of flower-letters reckoned by anticipation as a revival of a minor tine, art. • It was a pretty one, and it befitted a time when the gentler poets, who gathered their most fair and tender imagery from flowery fields and garden-beds, were more read and better lovea. I should not be sur prised if the resuscitated fancy were to "take" vigorously, and a kind of competi tion in floral eloquence were to be as popular an amusement as the decipherment of cryp tograms was for a little while, until it proved too severe an intellectual exercise. • ■ While waiting for the great Bummer pic ture shows, we are in the enjoyment of a rare art feast spread for us by the Library Com mittee of the Guildhall. The present exhi bition surpasses those of the last two years, and remarkably .'interesting as : forming what I venture to . call the high-water mark of the excellence - of several of our. most famous painters. The place itself affects one hy its stately quiet, in strong contrast with the throng -and" hurry outside, where th£ heart of London beats so fast and audibly, and by the* serious attention and general silence of the visitors, so different from the demeanour of the" West-End" picture shows crowd. The Pre-Raphaelite pictures are con spicuous once more, and the examples of that curious phase of English art are most pleas ing. It is no small gratification to behold again, amidst each congenial surroundings. Sir John Miilais's " Lorenzo and Isabella,' "Sir Isnmbras at the Ford," and the " Pro scribed Royalist," and still more delightful is it to see Mr. Holrnau Hunt's large picture of " Christ Among the Doctors," to study once more the blind sage, who can only hear the words of the wonderful youth on whom the others gaze, greatly marvelling, and the light shining in and through the lioy's hair as no painted aureole I know of Bhines. Here I have seen for the first time the famous small picture by Mr. Hol man Hunt ot the " Strayed Sheep," on the Downs of Hastings, of which we are reminded bv the IVeatmineter Gazette that Mr. Ruskin declared it "at once achieved all that can ever l>e done in that kind." Ros setti's "Monna Vanna" and " Pandora," two of the best of the poet-painter's works at his best, a few examples of the late Mr. Ford Madox Brown, and "St. Agnes's Eve," painted on three panels, more curious than beautiful, by Arthur Hughes, make up a pre- Raphaelite show of which the committee may well be proud. Constable's incompar able "Salisbury" is here (I wonder how many people who had only a notion that there was a fine cathedral at Salisbury have been drawn to the old city since that Con stable has been on view in sundry ex hibitions), -the famous portrait of Lady Hamilton, at the spinning-wheel by Romney, and his beautiful little midshipman picture, Reynolds's " Duchess of Rutland, a' fine series' of' Dutch masters,-and a delightful Short of modem English pictures, respecting many of wh\ch. I - -have. discoursed to your readers in recent' years. The Guildhall exhjbitioh differs from all the other collec tions in tlm- all-important particular that therais-not in -it: a- picture that is not well worth seeiiig by the general public, and hardly one mat the student of. art may not study to his memorable advantage. AH t^ie accounts from Villa Fabbricotti represent the Queen's sojourn at Florence as eminentlypldaSant, and beneficial to Her MajeatyVbwdth.The " ceremonial" of the Royal wedding'at Cobiug, where the Queen PfUl stay- for tep dava, has been muoh debated pndrevised^but the arrangements.are now complete.' The rumour of the marriage of rriricess'Alice of Hesse with the Czarovitch (which would make the Princess the aunt by marriageof - her own sister, the Grand Duchess .@etme) is .revived. The Queens wedded granaohildren are to pass, the first days of thelr married life at Kosenau, the hunting seat of the Duke ofCoburg, to which so many hhppy niemories oi the Queen's own married-Jlfe :«nd associations with her bus band's bpyhood jure, attached. It im possible that Hctwiieabr may visit the Gxnnd, Duke anTOredH^^tbere, The public entry Of the-bridal -pairInto Darmstadtis fixed for Sunday, the fffind, and the capital of the Ctand DuchyJErom whence several Bnaringly endowed- princesses have gone forth to splendid dwtinles (sqmenat too happy), will been 'fete, - The grandiose buildings look well under Such circumstances, ahd no doubt the spectacle will.be worthy.of the ^^ Londpn, except that small section of the population that never goes outside Of the " smart" radius, has been flocking to St. Pani's since the near mosaics were exposed to view for . the. first time on Easter Eye. .Six thousand people availed themselves of the." throwing^ opeh of the choir to'afford a nearer view on Easter Tuesday, from 11 to half-past 3, and this privilege waslcontinned and claimed every day of the week by an almost-equal number of visitors. Crowds go for the imperfect view of the mosaics, which is all that can be had outside the choir, and which is least tantalising at midday. The mosaics of the apse are always in shadow, and the necessity: for a new araagement of the light isacknowiedged. Looked at from the pavement of the cnurch, the effect of Mr. Richmond's design in the one bay of the choir which has received treatment at pre sent is only that of rich and beautiful colonr; the foliage and the birds are hardly to be distinguished. ■ Everybody admires the three stained-glass windows of the apse, and the grisaille windows atrthe sides. The improve ment in the aspect of the vast building is re markable, its heaviness and gloom are miti gated, ana, to my mind, its solemnity is in creased. A great number of weddings are in pros Eect, and th'e."amiirt'"ishop3a*e doing a brisk usipess in wedding presents. I find the tortoisesljeir and eilver fashion of lost 'season -is .still"' in favour, and thatcarved silver frames for mirrors, photographs, mag nifying glasses, miniatures, ana other nick nacks are in great demand, by reason of their going" so well with the black marble tables now to be seen in the very " latest" drawing rooms, just as Bimilar ones were to be seen, when the first French Empire was imitating; classic modes, and also when the. fine ladies: bf Old Rome' and the buried cities used the "originals. .Classic footstools are "dofningin," too ; I have recently seen a very pretty one in' ebony, with lions' claws in silver for its supports. ..... The - 'Grandfather's Clock" revival has ex tended to " Grandmother's Gowns." All the new materials are old! One passes by a richly-draped shop window—(for dtalage is now an important branch of the art of shop keeping, just outside of that exclusive inner circle of mercery which affects privacy and a private- house demeanour]—and with a glance at the samples of * material" dis played between the filmy draperies and against the irreproachable background, old memories are awakened. Like Mrs. Allen in. Northanger Abbey, one remembers a certain occasion on which one wore just such a tinted mnslin, striped cambric, spotted grenadine, or "shot" silk, as one sees there; the gown supplies the date, and lo! the street has ghosts on its pavement in broad daylight. There are the yellow and brown striped silk underskirts, the identicai " pigeon breast," dove-colour, and " puce " silks for gowns, the very same little capes, warranted not to keep the arms warm, and finished with Btiff little frills, that thrilled one's youthful soul with envy or pleasure, according to circumstances, rather more than twice " twenty golden years ago." And the " neck ribbons," and the two bodices, one for afternoon, the other for even ing wear, which ladies (they are young, and excusable) who instruct the world - in the columns of the society journals, announce as a new departure in good sense and a wise economy. Did we not wear neck-ribbons and have two bodices to our best gowns when we were nobody's grandmothers, but had relatives of that degree of our own, to instruct The shop windows are suggestive in more- ways than one now that fashion is stir le relcur, only when it goes.too far back we have no link with it. • The Directoire and the Valois periods affect as no more than the time of the Ptolemies ; they leave U3, like Mrs. Jarley's poet, " calmly critical." I have seen only one dress to be. worn at the approaching Royal .wedding. The material is silk, of almost the beginning of the century sort, u. foulard of sparrow's egg blue, with white stripes and thin black lines ; the skirt i9 draped with cream-muslin embroidery in festoons over something pink, and plentiful "streamers" of narrow black ribbon; the sleeves, ruffled at the elbow, are tied up with black satin. The details sound fidgety, bnt the effect is really pretty. Mrs. Williamson is j writing again about " the corpulence erase " —(it used to be called " the Ranting scare ") —and tells us the latest particulars in the WorldsTea-table Talk " The latest pre ventive or cure .is on the principle of ab sorption. Originating tlbroad, the old-new idea has been perfected'here by Miss Jane Sheppard, who Bellsasuccessfnl flannel belt, stuffed with efficacious herbs, and lined with fine waterproof sheeting—moreover, made dainty by elaborate stitchings and bindings of ribbon. . The belt is only to be worn at night, and after a fortnight's nse one lady found that she could take several inches from the width of her skirts round the hips." The "efficacious herbs" are riot specified, and I daresay many people would rather grow fht than weAr this very odd form of the girdle of Venus; hut your readers may. as well hear of the new preventive. It is very comical, to learn that " similar pads arc made to gaud against that ugliness, the double chin." Perhaps we shall get back in time to the mask and band coverings of raw veal which Henri III. used as beautifiers of his delicate skin. - The literary event of the week is the pub lication of Mrs. Humphry Ward's new novel Mar cello, ■■ Among recent works of fiction deserving of. attention-is Katherine Lauder (fate. Me. Marion Crawford's fitst instalment of,.^hftt jia evidently, intends- to, be a series, atjer the • lasbipn, of Mri Arifhony Trol 1 ope'a Rairihe&ter; annal8. : He;has achieved a con siderable bub not an; unqualified success in his Sorracinescd novels. Itbinkhis readers were:a Uttie tjced of thfl grand family in the third gpneration-The^ if . likely-to please a ipoi*' thoroughly by a romancebf manly v^rch,starts With' to-day in New* -York, and illustrates the various phases." of the newest" society " in existence..* . < • 