TRINITY COLLEGE MUSICAL KNOWLEDGE EXAMINATIONS. The sixth musical theory lecture to students for the above examinations was given last night at the Technical School to an excellent audience. After working a number of specimen musical questions for the guidance of students, Mr. Mills dealt with a further period of musical history as follows: Last Monday evening I gave you a leaf from my notes of the first your of the period of musical history prescribed for the junior honours and water from the examination of 1894\. I then pointed out that the period of 60 years from 1770 to 1820 included the whole of Beethoven's active musical cat cor, also that of Mozart and the old inn- years of the lives of Haydn and Clock, But there are many other niu-lciana-stars of lesser magnitude who lived and worked during those 50 years, and whose names deserve to be remembered Following the same plan, I give you to-night my notes of the year 1780, and hop J that they may be' as useful to you as they were to me. In different countries there have always been working at the same time musicians with different traditions, varied training, and different musical ideals, and it is customary to speak of various " schools of musical art," At the time we are consider- ing all musicians of any note might he placed in either the Italian, French, Gor- man, or English schools. The old Belgian school had ceased to have any distinct in- dividuality, and the modern Scandinavian, Russian, and Spanish SCHOols had not come into existence. I have, therefore, made brief notes of the musicians of each school who wore Using in 1780. only treating of events previous and subsequent to that year in order to make the importance of each musician's work apparent. - O SUMAN SCHOOL J. A. Hiller (17231304), the composer of light operas (of which the only one now remembered is the celebrated 7'rederspiele) was at this time an old in an. Georg Benda ('22-23), another operatic composer, li 2 I also written Ariadne and Medea, his . _, works, and J. G. Naumann was ruining the tone of SECTOR music all over Germany by his protests and other devotional works. His Das Water Under, a meeting of the Lord's Prayer, is still popular in Germany, and the rather hackneyed anthem setting of "Jesu word of God Incarnate," keeps his name constantly on the s race lists of English churches. Himmel ('65 1814) is remember it now by his opera Fauchon. The fatuous Muydn, most of whose works were composed before this, flute, was in this year the chapel master of the private chapel of the Pi i nee Ester hazy in Austria, and heretic composed most of he symphonies s and masses and quartettes that are still so popular, His oratorio, Creation and The Seasons, were produced much later, after his visit to England. Hay of 11 will always be known as the founder of the modern symphony and the " father of ill order 11 orchestration Inl780Mo**urtsi'us24yeai'soId,and had already written some operas and sonatas, but none of these earlier works have stood the test of time. 11.8 best work was all done during the next ten years (from 1789 to 1793. aCe Nozze di Figure, 1781, was Mozart's tincBt work from the purely dramatic point of view, but Don Giovanni (1787), and II piano Magics (1791) are the best known operas. ' He wrote also many masses, quartettes, charming music-, and several skin phonics. ItiisinguUirihal there is some doubt as to the genuine ailtlior.-bip of the work so universally known as Mozart's Twelfth Mass." Several writers have given evidence to demonstrate that it was the work of an unknown composer. who imitated? Mnzirt's style. It is not likely that this point will ever be definitely settled!, although the evidence on both sides is very much more definite than in that analogous dispute as to " whether 1500ft wrote Shakespeare's plays." There is no disputing, however, the enormous influence Mozart I had upon the Hit of oiclieairatii.il. Ha illa"-' carried the stiff formal methods of his predecessors, and grasped, apparently without effort, the course of writing appropriately for all the instruments at, his command. Other important musicians in Ger- many at this time were Albreohtsbergcr, 11 great theorist and writer in (harmony ; Michael Haydn, a younger brother of the great Haydn ; C. D. Diltersdoif, who wrote 37 operas and other forgotten works; J. Adams, composer of Of finan operas ; J. P. Martini ; J. F. Schulz the Abbé Vogler, who wrote live operas and treatises on the theory of music ; J. I'leyol, 1757-1831, whose pianoforte and stringed instrument composi- tions are of the greatest. value to the musioalcducationietjT.L.Diisseki 1781-1812) whose pianoforte sonatas are still popular; U. Sterbclt; C. F. Zeller (1758 1832) composer of part songs, and organiser of the first Liedertafel ; Andreas Romberg (1707-1821), whose cantata, The Lay of the Bell, is a favourite with choral societies everywhere. In the year 1730 the great pianist Hammel, and the violinist Spohr were very little children; Beethoven, a boy of IO, so the consideration of their works belongs to a later date. ' ITALIAN 801100b. In the year 1780 Bjccheriui is the only important Italian musician in the domain of pretty Ht ral music, and he is known chiefly as the composer of a minuet that has attained extraordinary popularity. Other Italian musicians of this year are Viotti, the celebrated violinist and founder of a new school of violin playing ; Clements, the pianist, whose studies and sonatas are familiar to all students and others whose compositions are never played now, but who were successful in their day. Salier! (1760 1836); Zogarelli (1752-1837); Camerons (1764 1861 ; Mayer (1763-1845) ; Per 1771 1839). PltEKCII SCHOOL. French operatic 1780 _usreaohlngthe. south of its success. The greatest name of this date is that of Gluck. He was not a French- man but a native of Bohemia, and his earlier than was, drawing, Clytemnestra, and Demetrio and others were given in Italy, During the seven years 1773 to 1780 Gluck scored one success after another in Paris. His best operas, Orfeo und Alces to, are still produced occasionally, but are more interest ting to the student than the general public. Orfeo was given last' year in London by the pupils of the Guildhall School of Music. Another composer who had a considerable amount of success in Paris at the some time as Gluck was Picciui. His style was of the old Italian school, and his opera Roland is perhaps the best known.' There are many 1 II . j. I I was! ii....li*..I "i anecdotes in old musical journals of the rivalry "between Gluck and coins, which split the Pul Ulan musical world into two powerful parties, each of whom tried every expedient, fair or unfair, to crush his opponent Cherubini (1760-1842), always spoken of as a French musician, was a native of Florence, but with his music of any value was of imposed usual produced at the French capital. His tastes ate master- pieces, and one or two of his operas, no! ably Let Deux Joumtta, ire bright enough 'to please a modern airline. His treatise on counterpoint, cunning, and fugue is a standard work. Boiuldleu (I77Ö-I83I) and - Mebul, the composer of the opera Joseph were contemporaries of Clurubini. H.NOt.lSU SCHOOL. The church musicians occupy the most important place in the English school of this period. Samuel vVci'ey (1766-1H.7), a son of the Rev Charles Wesley, the great hymn writer, wrote many very beautiful anthems, but his fame has been somewhat eclipsed by that of his son Samuel Sebastian Wesley. Dr. William Crotch {I77M847K was must successful in his church composi- tions, among which the modern, " Methinks I bear the full Celestial choir, is the best known. Tnoaiss Attwood (1707-18.'!»), p all of Mozart, wrote a good deal of delightful music. His operas are forgotten but his anthem. are still popular. The anthem "Come, Holy Ghost," is sung every year at Whitsuntide in English churches. Two forms of music are peculiar to the English school-the itiailrlgol,' and its later development the glee. The composers whose glees we e twist sung in 1780 were T. Webbe composer of " When winds breathe soft," and .-ttiffiird Smith, composer of " Blest pair of sireUB." Other composers, who were young men in this your, contributed very shortly after it to the repertoire of English glees : Stevens, who wrote "Slghuo more ladies;'' Dr. Callcott, who wrote "The Red Cross knight;" and Spofforth, theiominserof " Hail, smiling morn." While those whose names I have enumerated were living peaceful musical lives the events happening in the great world were so dis- I am rising and momentous that all mention of a part development ' is crowded out of most general histories of the time. In 1761 the American war of independence had been signalling the new world with blood for- five years. For a year the stage of the fortress of Gibraltar had been carried on, and it was two years before It capitulated Admiral Rodney wins in 1780 a sea fight off Cape St. Vincent over the Spaniards, while in England the Gordon Riots are agitating the London citizens. The great Nelson is at this time a post-captain merely. The Duke of Wellington has not yet entered the army, and Nap leon is an obscure artilleryman. In France, the aristocrats, who are the patrons of art, are unconscious of the near approach of the Revolu- tion that a few years later is to send so many of them to the guillotine. So far I have given you my notes merely, but I think it would be of interest to examine a little in detail the lives of the two musicians who were in the year 1780 the most important musical personages known to fame Haydn and Mozart. I shall this evening speak of the first only. They were in every way a contrast. Haydn lived to a ripe old age, and worked without haste, but without pay 2s, and with increasing success during the whole of his life. Mozart was an infant prodigy, and worked himself to death before his life work should properly have begun. Haydn was born on the 31st of March, 1932, at a little vii large about 30 miles from Vienna, on the confines of Austria and Hungary. When he was about nine years old he was admitted in member of the St. Stephen's Cathedral, Vienna. Here he gained instruction in singing and in acquaintance with sacred music, but when his voice broke he was turned adrift. But he was known, of course, to many of the congregation at the Ca hedral, and when Keller the barber heard that Haydn was a homeless wanderer, he came forward and offered him free board and lodging. A most graphic account of his life from this time onwards is give. n by Haweis in his " Music and Morals," from which I have made a few extracts, and which book I advise every student of music to read. In an upper room with a little worm-eaten harpsichord Haydn pursued his studies, and downstairs he dressed and powdered away at the wigs." Unhappily there was something besides wigs downstairs- there was Anne Keller, the b vi bet's daughter, to whom in a luckless hour he promised marriage, and of whom more presently. By and by things began to improve. He played the violin in one church, the organ In another, and got a few pupils. Vienna was not the city to allow a good inUBicisn to starve, and Haydn soon found those who oou (1 . appreciate and help him. - When Haydn left the barber Keller he took a small attic in a large house, and as luck I ' "it love it, there lived in the state rooms in i bat house the Austrian poet laureate of the day, M seas to. do. Through the poet's good spirits Haydn and the famous old Italian songs g master Porporu, who appears to have occupied at Vienna the same post of musical dictator, and p evil. god censor which Roesner for so in any years held in Paris. The relation between Haydn and Por para were amusing. Porpoise was too great to have anything to do with Haydn, but the latter wanted the instruction that Purnora was so well qualified to give, so Haydn cleaned the Italian maestro's boots, brushed his coat, ran his errands, and was his very humble and obedient servant. lure urn for this the old man gave him the technical tuition he needed. At the age of 18 Haydn composed his first string quartette, and continued writing tills species of composition, until he had completed a set of 84. In each successive quartette there is noticeable a gradual improvement until in the latter ones "The master reaches that perfect form and freedom of harmony which is observed in the quartettes of Mozart and li'¡ethoven.1' Hu overs, in Music and Marble, p. 248, tells a good story of how Haydn was induced to write his first opera; but opera was not the branch of music most suited to his genius. When at the age of 28 Haydn composed his first symphony he struck the second key note of his originality. To have fixed the form of the quartet and the symphony was to lay deep the foundations of all future cabinet and orchestral music. Soon after his first symphony he had the 1 good fortune to enter' the service of Crimea' Kitorhosy, a man whose family has since become intimately associated with musical genius in Germany. Herr, usuhupol muster, his work evils city, regular, final quarter t'upteJ. He had one trouble, however. He had 111,11 ried the barber's daughter, and she proved so quarrelsome and such an incessant scold that he separated himself from her, and lived the rest of his life upon. After living 30 years with his patron H nyilil went to London and give a number of concerts that sVcrc a pronounced success, On his way to England, Haydn was ratio refused to Beethoven, then 20. Boothey. is actually had a lesson or two from him, but that he needs such tuition seems improbable, Haydn produced six roses symphonies in England, and the public crowded to his concerts, but appear to have found so much instrumental music rather heavy. Uayiln noticed this, and wrote the "Surprise Symphony," with a sudden explosive fortissimo in the middle of a quiet -fine passage. In 1795 he commenced and in 1798 he finished the Creation, which is second only to the Messiah in public estimation. A couple of years later he finished another great work, The Seasons. He wrote very little after this-for he was by this time an old men, and had earned the right to spend the few remaining years of his life in quiet rest. Has. II has very beautifully summed up tliespoci-1 fe thereof Haydn'slife in the following wards. " Haydn is valuable in the, history of art, not only as a brilliant but as a complete artist. His life was a rounded whole. 'I ima was gentle with him and death was kind, for both Waited upon his genius until all was won. Mozart was taken away at an age when new and dazzling effects had not ceased to ii ran through his brain at the very moment when his harmonies' begin to have a prophetic ring of the a nineteenth century, it was decreed that he should not see its dawn. Beethoven himself had but just; entered upon an unknown 'man whose margin seemed to fade for ever and for ever as he moved, but good old Haydn had come into port over a calm sea, and after a prosperous voyage. The laurel wreath was this time woven about silver locks ; the g thered in harvest was ripe and golden." 'i ___-____->?. (5) viiii)-*viJi)ilo|I tripods 900 SS pinoQ exist "uopuoq pim 4auqo|j face HO Pii|dX|uou < uu|usmisiM "pupil " seasonal" plantings require one cup of peg "'major 0141 sustains pun »ll|llDqi51iloj)8 jo; lliann.txo oats fraulein, «-)uoii|X our jo ati)on t.it jo stillness of suopmiyD join the pt) J|Ji"l of April) one j pills 'studios for anoqanojin season |i)[3|joiioq miss most part sultry -R-jqnfhf jo honours stud l|uDn_f jo picture , snd.<iti|^, year amounted Janetta in ojiiBuaid spare cash I"-: k->iiiibi'(j hu itl.C[tiDii-}j " Bitd.liu|j and antipodean quinlan qr)jn(|aiB¡ai|o and jo joHimsi'V with a) luminous -|'|bo| 8n|^;[}iiaa Hii|asouoj our 3110s X|)iiooaa Biiq (using crop, may supply us on 'snowdrop 'HI sir put) «uDDUDipne iJvqoji pomSgop boys say ANVdKOO virago Kvunaiiiii 8,uuvno,i A Pannam food -The Medical Press and Hw faculty pronounce Cadbury's Cocoa absolutely pure end of the highest quality, free from added starch or sugar, and comforting, strengthening, andlaourtsb leaf- for old and young, robust and feeble I .'"'''' ' ' "?],'?"::L 