THE CENTRAL DIVISION LEASES Junawa from thotonoof Tuesday's dcbato Jn tho New South Wales Parliament cntho question of donlingwlth tho Control Divi sion leasos, the country can oxtract vory littio comfort from roaulta, cither present or proopoctlvo. , A good doal or etroou- corner aobato has boon indulged -to .all through tho colony latterly as towhothor tho majority of tho political roprosontativoa of Now South Walos inay bp ; rogawtod aa floolat dregs or soum. Tl\o frotly dribblo omanatlng from tho State churn during its rumination of matters. of the deepest in terest to tho colony's woU being cortainly, gives ft . strong affirmative t to ponders of bo Qoum thoory.. ; When tho Minister for Lauds folka about waiting for "tho ghost of « an opportunity': .to pros enfc itaolf to fotro. duco a WU' dealing with tho Central Dlvi I teftiioo la .tlio lost year of .heir our I rcnoy, it may bo taken for granted that the opportuuo apparition will noi present ituolf. Ift howovor, should such a measure bo put upon tho board boforo tbo proscnt Houso it la not easy to conjccturo what contentions would would arise over those eighteen aud a half millions of norc3 of fond, Including, as it does, souio of tlio vory piok of tho Now South Wales territory. Already the hawks and vultures havo ranged thomsolves in opposition with a viow to pick.Out tho oyes of riu£country» fr oi "settlement on wlf «« VSP Blacoro individual will itailTf Mr- CorKi,XNn'n donuncla- !. BRMnlatoM" wi'ilo It is , equally floatable tint agriculturalists lands nfh of tho rich on the borders of tho Laolitan and Murray nvors on tho same terms as tho postorollst, instead of leaving him to Bub- . t®fHonato rates. Tho settlement., of tho Question ni renewals is far moro important than' is generally realised. Not only ta an area of eightcon and a half millions of acres of tho host land involved, but, it is asserted that financial institutions havo advanced un to £30,000,000 in improving nnd developing thoso vast estates, and it is by virtuo oi thoso improvements/ undor tho43rdsoction of tho Act, that applications for ronowol havo . boon lodged. What claim settlors havo in this rospeot remains to bo soon. If present holdors havo. fulfilled all the re quirements of tho Act pastorallstswlU con- tinuo to monopoliao the inoBt valuable land tegardloss .f the demands for agricul tural purposes. It othorwisojthe squatters will he reduced to the level of wookly ten ants, and doubtless in suoh caso the staplo product of tho colony— wool — will suffer still furthor in consequoneo. Tboquostion ionotono far settlement by extremists on olther sido.but one dosuinding a good doal of clear and providont consldomtlom That the adjustment has been left to tbis lata period is much to ha regretted, and a good deal of tho present stagnation in trado may bo regarded ns the outcomo of pasto- rollsta' uncortalnty as to tho final . issue. Improvements havo for tho tlmo practically ceased, men have been thrown out of em ployment, and tho wholo machinery of tho great wool industry brought to a stand still, simply for tho want of tlmoly legisla tion, Howovor groat may bo tho calls for other moasnroa to regolafo tho commercial and financial condition of tlio-eolony, that of tho dlsiKMal of tho porploxitioa in con nection with tho Control Division leases stands foremost. Idlo capital and abun- dant labour in tbo meantlmo stands aside whilo national credit and ontorpriso is out adrift for personal squabbles ovor drunken brawls, over which scones aro enoctod In the precincts of tbo Houso which If twmntffiul in a 11.Im1.m1a t.i imporil tho publican's iiconso How much of tho ohoice farm lands In our surrounding areas can bo takon from tho pastoraliat ana givon to tho agricultnraiist wo cannot tell i but, no doubt, could tbo farmer get posses sion of a bolter class of soil his returns woold bo largoly incroasodwith an cqaiva- lenfc amount of labour, or ovon Ices, and the avorago return of produce increased sufficiently to enable him to tnrn his at tontlon to tho cultivation of now products which circumstances appear to Indicate. If tho assertion bo trao that farmers aro paying annual rents of from 12s. Od. to A 1 per aero to squnttore, who In return only pay tho Stato a few ponco for tho same land, it is clear that tho right men for settlement aro in tho wrong maces, and, if this is so. the sooner a healthy change is wrought tho better. 