THE IYSTERY OF OLEMENT -BY`JEAN MIDDLEMIAS, ,athor of " A Girl ia a .Thousana," " Sealed by a L iss," etc. l!3'H A~P12 ,XXi'- E X'iTu-orED.) The subjeot of-the beard was not pursued, Sir Clement had got his wife's consent to its being grown, and that was all he'wanted. Stilli'nie was 'too much' taken up with her letters to think of anything but them for the Smoment.. - "*They will be here to-day, Clem," abshe cried. "By 'they' I'sippose you mean Elviry'and Lad MareiaP". *P " S wExatly. l am so glad."' And the excltement she showed about, the matter quite'verlfied his hope that with: the arrival of her two intimate friends' new life would be infused into Lady Gertrude's prostrate frame. This to an extent made, him forget his trouble about the spectre Singleton that he knew might start up at any moment' like Banquo's ghost, and trouble the seemingly even current of his days. Thus the little excursion to the Greek Chapel was much more lively than might have been expected, and by the time thoyre turned to the hotel the drive through the sweet, balmy air and the fragrance from the woods had certainly done Lady Gertrude good; *The travellers had just arrived when they returned, and the greetings were most affeoe tiunate, though naturally tampered with sad mees, as Lady Gertrude's trouble had fallen npon.her since her friends had left home. Elvira Delane had quite recovered her spirits, and Lady Marcia, notwithstanding her supposed ailments, had never lost hera, so the dinner which Sir Clement had ordered with much care was done ample justice to, and though Lady Gertrude said she was very weary, and would be glad to go to bed, she was not allowed to brood. The cheering regimen which Sir Clement had for some time past been prescribing for her in his mind had began with a vengeance. Would it prove of lasting efficacy, or fol lowing the fate of many another regimen that has gone before it, would the test be too revere for her slender stock oft strength. .It seemed almost like it, for by the time they allowed her to go off to bed her vitality was so completely spent that she nearly fainted when she tried to walk across the room, and Sir. Clement had to carry her to her own apartments. Lady Marcia shook her head anxiously as she saw them depart. " Alas, alas," she said, "where is our boenie blithe Gertrude of lung sync P Oh for the days that are gone." " lhey will return, at all events let us hope so,' said Elvira. "''lement seems do voted, why should they not be happy? When I thought be lousd another woman I doubted that they could ever be so. but I think we-misigned hinm-- believe Gertie is his only love " Lady Maroia shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know what it all; means," she said. " It is beyond you and nme to fathom, but there is something v;ry queer about .lemet,. and in consequence about Gertie. Whether shbe knows what it is or not I can, not make out, but whatever the trouble, it is killing her." "' Oh, Lady Maria, do you not think that it is sorrow over the baby's death that is making her ill, and with time she will get. over ir, as others have done before her ? " ".She was quite as queer before the baby died, and as for him, can anything be stranser than his ways? He gives you the idea of a man who is always expecting a bailiff or some police official to tap hint on the shoulder. Between you and me, Elvira, and with closed doors, I should have- half au-pected he had had something to do with poor Pierce Vaughan's death if he had not been almost as queer before it happened." " Oh, don't," cried Elvira, "pray don't go on; I shall not sleep a wink if you put such ideas in my head, and I am dreadfully tired." Then, womanlike she asked, " What do you think he had done ?" !' Goodness knows I Got roto some trouble beforohe was married, I daresay, and which beis always suspecting will come out and make a scaudal. But here he comes;" and with a sudden change of voice and manner, Lady Marcia continued-" I am sure you will like Wiesbaden, dear, it is such a pretty place, and the right sort of people are always to be found here. Seen anyone you kngw, SClement ý" -" No. We have been about so little,' it has been so difficult to rouse Gertie, but I hope she will be better now you have come." " I hope so, indeed. We will do our beet to amase her. We have had a very pleasant rime-have met a lot of desirable people." ' "And some very undesirable ones,0' put in Elvira. "Oh, that goes. without.saying. Well, even the undesirable ones have their advan tages; they often amuse you and circulate your blood by makinig -you laugh. That oddity who proposed to you on the platform of the railway station, for example." "The wretch 1" " Hulls, Elvira, have you had a pro. posal?" asked Sir Clement, forcing himself to take an interest in their conversation, though his thoughts were elsewhere. "You did not accept him, 1 hope. What will Berkeloey say P" Elvira did not answer, but she colored up and looked keenlyatSir Clement, as though seeking to find out how much he knew about her relations with Sir Miles Berkeley. " And then there were those queer people who arrived at Basle the night before we left. A burly north-country parson and an invalid wife." Neither could speak a word of any language than their own, and yet they were both fussy and loquatioues. If Blvira and Ihad not come to the rescue, madame would have gone supperless to bed, for, no one in the hotel would have understood that the' de bahn' could possibly mean 'consomme.' " Sir Clement laughed; still, he looked and felt very uncomfortable. " I thought they epoe English now in all the big hotels," he said. So they do, but the big hotels were full, and we were all in an annexe with raw servants nnacustomed to English people. And the discomfort that partioular oouple would have experienced without our assist ance would, I think, have made them return home without delay. Oh, it was funny. I hope we shall see him again. He gave me his. card. I wonder what I did with it P" She felt in her pocket and produced a small ease, from which she drew the object for which she was looking Rev. Abel Singleton. " There it is; look at it, Clement. Such a name-Abel. He lives up to it, too, for he looks like an antediluvian animal." \- Sir Clement took the card, which trembled -in his fingers. So they were at Basle. He was glad to know their whereabouts ; still, it was a shock tolearn ihatLadyMarcia and Elvira bad beenin direct communication with these dreaded people. "We tried to peranadethem to come here," went on Lady Mlarcia, " by telling them we were sure it was jusac the place foran invalid, but they were so bent on Switzerland that we could not move them." How thankful Sir Clement was that they were immovable, who stall say? Still, it was no pleasing contoempsltion that these intimate friends of his wife's might any day receive a communication from the only man who could shed that light on his past life whbich must, inevitably ruin him in the eyes of everyone for whose opinion he cared. Above all, with Lady Gertrude. Thus thinking of her, ho throw Mr -ingle. ton's card-back to Lady Mlarcia acd asked : S"How do you think my Gertle is looking \--better or worse thao you expected ?" Lady Marcia, with aher uasnal blantness, atnswered straightforwardly : "Worse. If you don't take care, Clement, Aha,villLslip thirough your fingers. I can't think what on earth it is that has worried her into this condition -? but I suppose you know P' ,.. , . "Is she worriedr' :... "Come, come, man, don't pretend-of coarse ho'isworried;~ Do youand she have disagreements in private? -You wll say that is not my busineas; but if anyone gives me the idea of an unhappy wife, it is poor, dear Gertie." -". On my honor, Lady Marcia, we have never had a word of disagreement in our Itvee. We are always most affectionate. It Gertrudo is worried, the cause is unkndwq o me, excerspt, of oPr, the poor baby's death, and that is a sorrow,-not a warry." "She was worriedbefore the baby ed. I was saying so to Flvie only just now? Natrally, I thought you knew all abont it.', "I assure you I know nothing. Ever since I married her I have made strenuous endeavors to 'do the best I can for her, and to keep her as much as possible from everything that might annoy or vex her. Nor do I think she is worried, but I fear she is very deli cate." '-nla so saying, he laid his head on, the table on his folded hands, and his whole frame shook convulsively. Elvira got up and went to him. "? Good old Clement," she said, "don't take on; we must cheer up Gertie. and she will be all right. She can't go on fretting if there is nothing tofret about." . He did not look up, but he took one of his bands from under his head and held it out to Elvira. "If ever anything should happen to me you will be good to my Gertie, you and Miles Berkeley; eh, Elvira l" She did not answer for a moment. The coupling of her name with that of Sir Miles Berkeley startled her, but she pressed Sir Clement's extended hand. Then she tried to toss the subject from her. " Why do you talk like that to frighten one. Nothing is the matter with you. It is Gertrude who is in danger, not you." ," We never know where danger lies,' he answered. "Only promise me you will look after Gertrude." "Of course I will, but for goodness sake don't let us have any more dismal conversa tion to- night. We talk about horrors until we imagine they really exist." " Yes," said Lady MLrciir , rising. "Let us go to bed, and get up in the morning prepared to enjoy this delightful place." And so they left him, both thinking they had discovered where the mischief lay. Sir Clement had some mortal malady, and Lady Gertrude knew 'or guessed of it. Ay, so he had, but not of the sort they sus pected. If Singleton followed him up and chattered out the most ghastly past, there would be nothing forit but suicide. Was that to be the end? he wondered. And how selfish an end ! Was he to die for his own selfish pleasure as he had lived,' leaving Lady Gertrude all alone to bear the brunt of the revelations that would be made ? Danger for Gertrude. What did Elvira mean bydanger to Gertrude ? Did she think she was going to die His Gertrude to be taken from him, as the child'had been, as everything he loved in life would be taken in punishment for his sin. With Gertrude's death the avenging angel must stay his hand, as, come weal or woo, it would be all the same to him then- Singleton might say his say, the law might do its worst. When morning dawned Clement Dunraven was still sitting there thinking out the pro blem of the future; nor was he aroused from the miserable contemplation of what might one day happen, untilLady Gertrude herself, inn lung, white, trailing gown, stood on the threshold of the door, so startling him by her spectre-litre appearance, that the strong man cried aloud in fear. CHAPTER XXXI.-As I?cncuALE MALADY ? '" Hotel du Pare, Wiesbaden. Dear Sir Miles, A letter from me will, Iimagine, be very unexpected by you, but as I told you before, woman's mcods vary. And a still greater surprise awaits you, since I say, Do come hero at once.' I shall be very much relieved to see you again, my old friond ; and so will Lady Marcia. It is not for our selfish pleasure that I am asking you to take this long journey, but because we both think that your presence here will be of real benefit to Clement Donraven, who seems to me to be reedy to commit an awful act frim sheer dese pair. He has taken to a beard, which is never combed or trimmed, dresses in -a slovenly fashion, wears whimsical Tyrolean haie, and is altocether as unlike the trim highly-civilised specimen of masculinity we used to know, as a man can possibly be. No one would recognise him, and I cannot help thinking that ihe is going out of his mind. As forLady Gertrude, she gets weaker and more inert every day. If this state of affairs goes on, she cannot live long, and the worse she looks the madder Clement becomes. Lady Marcia and I are having a real had time of it, and I can think of no alternative but to ask you to come. It does not sound complimen. tary, and yet it is-for if I did notregardyou as a true friend, I should not turn to you in trouble. So please come and be kind. I will be niceto you, indeed I will, but do not try to bind me by nasty promises which may be hard to keep. Lady Marcia sends you no nd of messages. The Duunravens do not know I am writing. " Ever your loyal friend, " Elvira Delane." Sir Miles was sitting in the Snuggery library when "this slapdash, wayward com. munication was given to him. He had just been wondering why he had not heard from Sir Clement, and was considering whether it would be wise to start off to Wiesbaden and see what was going on. The thermometer of his spirite rose many degrees when he saw Elvira's writing, but it fell again somewhat when he read the letter. He loved Elvira as he would never love another woman, and was prepared to woo her persistently ; still, he felt he was avery long way from having won her, since he was compelled to own that Elvira was quite capable of sending to him as a friend, and yet, having used his services, of dismissing him as a lover. However, here was a point gained. He would be near her, he would see her every day, and do her bidding in everything. It would be strange if-fortune favoring him -he did not conquer her in the end. Would Sir Miles have cared as much for Elvira Delane if she had been more easily subjugated? Probably not; most men love the diffioult. After a few minutes he got up and rang the bell, taking himself meanwhile severely to task for having forgotten his friend Dun. raven, and the lamentable condition in which Miss Delane described him to be. When the servant entered he was desired to tell Mrs Bett to pack SirMiles's things, as he was going abroad for a few weeks. Sir Miles had never indulged mn the luxury of a valet. Since childhood faithfunl old Bett had waited on him, and as long as she was able to do so, he would, he said, have noons else. The servant merely asked when Sir Miles intended to start, andbeing told by the four o'clock train, and that he would take the night express from Viotorla, the prepara tions, so far as Sir Miles was personally con erned, were at an end. Mrs Bett would not let "her boy," as she still called him to herself, go without every thing that he could possibly require, es pecially as she had a shrewd supicion that he would notbe verylong before he joined Miss Delano. Old Bett might not, perhaps, have been quite so much elated over his departure had s:he known that as soon as he had given his order he betook himself to Lisbeth's cottage to say a few words of farewell, and tell her some of the contents of his letter. As usual, he found her busy in her little kitchen. Since the Dunravens left, now nearly six weeks ago, Lisbeth had felt ealmer and less worried, and her domestic duties had received her undivided attention, the monotnonosroutine of her everydaylife being onlyoccasionally inierrupted by calls from Dr Watson, who never made any charge for visiting the patients under Lisbeth's care, and threfore considered he hada perfeotright to come and look after them as olten as he pleased. He never yet said a word to Liebeth that demanded yes or no for an answer; there was always something in her manner that re polled him whenever he arnrved with the fail intention of tspeakingout, and he went on living from time to time- very much like Sir Milos-on hope. Lisboth had begun almost to dread the good hlttle doctor's visits, and when she heard a man's step coming through the wilderness at the back of the cottage shite trembled. Great was her delight, then, to find tlhat the visitor was only Sir 3Miles Berkeley. Truly glad woas she to hear that he was going to start for Wicsbaden, for the state of misery existing there was no senoret to Lis beth, who had had several latters from Clement Dnnauraven. They sat for a long time talking, and Lisbeth learned, if she had not gueseed it before, the secret of Sir Miles's love for EMlvira Delane; and she was so sym pathetio in the matter,. that Sir Miles re. gretted that he had not made a confidante of her earlier. LHe,would have sat thcrp discoursing on a~ies Elvira Deolano for hours, had not the grandfather's clock in the corner reminded ,im that he must be getting back to the nggery il he intonded ton eatch the four Jim Glendinntng was, as usual, sitting in theporeh. He would just saw a word tohim and be olf.. Sir Miles and Lisbeth had been too much aken up with: their own conversation to see that OGlendinning had already got a com-. panion, and they were, therefore, not a little snrprised to find him talking to Dr Watson. Whether Sir Miles's visit to Lisbeth that day was to her advantage or disadvantage, he-totally unconscious of what was golng on-did not consider, but it had the effect of making the little doctor silent for many a month to come, and for that Lisbeth wonld have blessed Miles Berkeley if she had no other cause to be grateful to him. When he reached the Snuggery he. found, as he had expested, everything prepared, even the " trap" at the door to take him to the station. . Arrived in London, he sent a "wire" to Elvira in answer to her letter. "Starting to-night. Travelling straight through." The promptness with which he obeyed her summons pleased this exigeant little lady as much as his previous silence had done, of which, truth to tell, she had been growing rather weary. It was evident that Sir Miles Berkeley was exhibiting an amount of tact in connection with this love affair that none of his intimates would have given him credit for. Nor, had the matter been thoroughly sifted,. could his preseut behavior be exactly called tact. 'He was merely simple, natural end earnest, and simplicity and honesty were apparently destined to win t"o day ; for Elvira-without lady Marcia. to whom she had not confided her intention, but only a:aompanied by her maid-was at the station to meet him.. She received him, too, quite warmly. " So good of you'tocome at once.- I ama lucky.girlto have so true a friend. I am afraid you must be terribly tired. We have engaged a room for you at our hotel. Only Lady Ml arcia knew you were coming; we have not told the Dunravons. Yes, go in the cab with the luggage. I. will walk back with the maid ; it is not far." Tired, howoeould he be tiredwhen a walk with Elvira was in the question. '. No, I have had quite enough of stuffy carriages. I shall prefer to walk. It will refresh me." "And perhaps they will drive the luggage to Frankfort, and you will have it all stolen." He laughed, and said he believed in Ger man honesty, and the ,end of the disoussion was that the maid, went with the luggage, and Sir Miles walked with -Elvira. How happy they both felt. Ay, both; until Elvira saw Sir Miles acain after an absenoe of some four months, she did not know how really glad she would feel when she looked into his honest eyes, and what a privilege it was for a woman to be loved by such a loyal, really good fellow. A qualm of conscience ought to have reminded her that she had been playing a little bit fast and loose with him, but she was too light-hearted to do otherwise than assure herself that it was most beneficial to a man first to be proved whether he were worthy or unworthy; and,. as she supposed she would have to marry him in the end, what mattered a little torture, since it would conduce to happiness hereafter. That Elvira could have worked out' this reasoning to her own satisfaction, or that of anyone else, is doubtful. Anyway she did not try, she merely enjoyed the possession of this man's devotion, and decided to go on for a while on the plan which had hitherto been so successful. Of course, under the circumstances that had called Sir Miles to Wiesbaden they could not devote their thoughts and conversation solely to their own affair', nor did Elvira wish that it should be so. She was very thankful to have the mutually interesting topic of the Donrivens to prevent Sir Miles from' being too direct in his attentions to herself. And in good sooth he was not ehammingan interest that he did not feel; he was so exceedingly sympathetic about his friend's trouble that his own happiness at finding himself by 'Elvira's side was considerably dashed. 'tDo you really think that Dunraven is going off his head F" he asked. "I don't know what to think. He talks rationally enough, but his appearance is so changed you will scarcely know him. He has made a pefeat mountebank of himself." "What does Lady Gertrude say about it?" "Poor Gertrude! She is so ill, she says very little. I do not think she notices much -she seems to get worse and worse every day." S"Ah, if that poor little boy had not died." " Ido not think it is altogether the boy's death that ts fretting Gertrude. I am sure there is something wrong about Sir Clement and she knows it. -Lady Marcia and I fanoy, perhaps, he has got some incurable malady." This was anew light to Sir Miles Berkeley, and one which he was not altogether inclined to accept. He had seen for some time past that trouble was hanging over the friend of his boyhood, but he did not think it was in the form of an incurable malady. However, of course, he could not tell what might have developed since they parted. He must reserve hie opinion. Lady Marcia for once in her life had managed to put a check on her chattering proclivities, and had not, said a word about the coming of Sir Miles Berkeley. Great then, was the surprise when, accompanied by Elvira, he walked into the joint eittingroom of the.little party. Even Lady. Gertrude, who was lying on the sofa, roused herself as she very seldom did now, and welcomed him with exceeding cordiality. But, prepared though he had been by Elvira, Sir Miles was aghast at what he saw. Perhaps he had thought that her illness had been somewhat exaggerated, and found to his regret that this was not the case. The appearance of his friend, too, gave him cause for very grave apprehension. As Elvira had said " Where was the smart, well-got.up Sir Clement Dunraven, who had until now been in his dress and appointment a typical Eng lish gentleman '" No; Sir Miles would not have known him had he met him unexpectedly. As for the beard, it had grown so quickly and so grotesquely that there was reason for shrewd suspicion that it was not altogether real. Sir Miles looked at Sir Clement so keenly that the wretched man colored beneath his gazeo, and devoutly wished .that Miles Berkeley had stayed at the Snuggery, since he was much more likely than the ladies to interfere with the masaueradino which was the outcome of Sir Clement's constant fear lest he should meet the Rev. Abel Single too. That his brain, not his body, was affected with some perchance incurable malady was the decision at which Sir M:iles arrived during the first half hour he was in that room. And.he was not veryfar wrong. What man can suffer so intensely or ceaselessly frbm the pangs of remorse as did Clement Dunraven without the brain becoming more or less affected P Nevertheless, Sir Clement was perfectly sane on all subjects that had no reference to thatinesupportable dread of discovery which was making his life a burden to him. Above all, he was very sane in his strong objection to the way in which he considered that Elvira was playing with "that good fellow, Berkeley." 'Naturally he supposed that Sir Miles had come to Wiesbaden solely on Elvira's ac count. He never suspected that he had been made the excuse for his coming. ' He would persistently have pooh-poohod such a aug. gestion, and he would have been fairly right. If Elvira had not wanted Sir Miles, very assuredly she would not have sent for him. (TO DE 50NTcNUEiD.l 