0 EXTRAORDINARY CAREER OF SARAH BRANDON. CONTENTS OF CHAPTERS : I.— Ndi 8 RUE DE LA. ©BANGS. II.— HENBIETTE'S FATHER. III.— A MGTHEB-IN-LAW. IV.— WHAT BBEVAN SAID: V.— MISS BRANDON. ? VI.— THE COUNT'S PROPOSAL. I VIL-^-HESTEIETrE'S DETERMINATION. I VIII.— MISS BBAltfDON WINS. I IX.~A EEMABKABLE INTERVIEW; I X.— FATHER AND DAUGHTES. ? XT.— A MYSTERIOUS LEFTEB. I XH.—FAREWELL. I XIII.— MARRIED. I' XIV— CONQUERED. . ? XV.— FEANCO- AMERICAN COMPANT I XVI— SIR THOMAS DROPS THE MASK. I XVII— AN UNEXPECTED ENEMY. I XYIII— DEEPER IN THE TOfLS. I XIX.— A LAST RESOUR E. I XX.— IS HE A FRIEND ? I XXL— UNRAVELLING A PLOT, I XXII.— WITH DANIEL OHAMPCEY. I XXIII.— ANOTHER ATTEMPT ? XXIV.— 'FQH GOD'S SAKE RETURN!' I XXV.— PROOF POSITIVE. I JXVI.— A CONFESSION. I XX VII.— HOME AGAIN. ?XXVIII— A MEETING, I XXIX,— AMONG FRIENDS. I XXX.— PAPA RA.VINET TELLS A STORY. I XXXI.— COUNTER PLOTTING. ? XXXII.— 'AH, SHE ESCAPES US ?' ?xXXIII.— UNITED. ? ? ?- ; CHAPTER L— ('CoNTiNUEo^ Bavinet did not stir ; but lie realised that this mock proof of honesty had helped him. ; more thaii all his eloquence. ' After all,' i said he in a hurried tone, ' I could not resist the temptation to read the directions, and j Ijraw niy own conclusions. Who is the Ifount de Ville-Handry? Your father, I Ipippose. And M. Maxime de Br£van P No j Idoubt the young man who called to see you l ?eo often. Ah, if you would only trust me ! j I If you knew how a little experience of the ! lyorld often helps us to overcome the I neatest difficulties ? He was evidently Ideeply moved. '' However, wait till you ! Icre perfectly well again before coming to j ?my decision. Consider the matter care- ( Ifolly. You heed only tell me the bare j I facts I ought to know in order to advise j |j*n'' . I ' Yes, indeed ! In that way I might ? ' I 'Well, then, I'll 'wait as long as you Iffiflli me to wait — two days, ten days.' I 'Very well.' I * Only, I pray, you, promise me solemnly Ita give up all idea of suicide.' i I ' I promise you solemnly I will.' ' I Papa Ravinet's eyes shone with delight ; land he joyfully exclaimed, 'Done! I'll ?come up again to-morrow ; for, to tell the [truth, I am tired to death, and must go Itnd lie down.' I This was plainly a pious fib on the old liellow's part; for, instead of returning to I Ms rooms, he left the house, and, on reach- j ling the street, concealed himself in a dark j I comer, whence he could watch the front Idoor. Here he remained exposed to wind land rain, now and then giving vent to a Ibw oath, and stamping his feet to keep Ifiiem warm. At last, just as 11 was strik ling, a cab stopped in front of No. 23, and a Irourig iaan alighted, rang the bell, and Imtered the house. I ' That's Maxime cie Brevan,' murmured the dealer ; adding, in p. savage voice, ' I I tew he would come, the scoundrel, to Bee ! it the charcoal had done its work.' But a moment later the young man came out I again and sprang into the vehicle, -which quickly drove away. ' Aha !' laughed Papa Bavinet, ' No chance for you, my fine f el- tow ! You have lost your game ; you'll have I to try your luck elsewhere 5 and, this time I am on hand. I hold you fast; and instead of one bill to pay, there will be two.' CHAPTER II. Henriette's Father. I For a long while after the old dealer's departure, Heniiette remained reflecting over her position and asking herself what decision she should take. Who could this ' odd individual be ? What could be thought of a man who denounced himself as a dan gerous and suspicious character? Was he really what he seemed ? . The girl al most doubted it ; for although quite inexperienced, she had still been struck by certain astounding changes in Papa Ravinet's manner. Thus, in moments of animation, his air wae no longer in keeping with the singular anti quated coBtume he wore ; and hie language, usually careless and slangy, became correct and almost elegant. What was his busi ness? Had he always been a dealer in Eecond-hand acitcles before he became a tenant of No. 28 Rue de la Grange, three , years ago ? One might easily, have imagined that P&pa; Ravinet (was this his real name?) had previously held a very different posi tion. And why not? Is not Paris the haven wEere all the shipwrecked sailors of society seek a refuge P To refuse Papa Bavinet's proffered assistance would have required more energy than she possessed. An inward voice -constantly repeated, ' The old man is your only hope.' It never occurred to her to conceal the truth from Papa Ravinet, or to deceive him by a fictitious story. She only deliberated how she might tell him tfie truth without ij acquainting him with' everything ; how she might confess sufficient tojenable liim to serve her, and yet not betray a secret which, she held dearer than, happiness, reputation, and life itself. Unfortunately, she was the victim of one of those intrigues Which originate and progress within the narrow circle of a family— intrigues of the most abominable character, which people suBpect, and axe often fully acquainted -with; and 1 which yet remain unpunished, as they are j beyond the . reach of the law. Henriette's ; father j i2he t&unt; de YiUe-Handfy, was in j 1845 one of the wealthiest laaiddyraers of: the; province of Anjou, The good folks 0? Hosiers and Saint Mathurin were fond of pointing ,out to strangers the massive towers I of 'Viile-Handry, a magnificent cas&e;, tiaif hidden by ioble old trees, on the' beautiful slopes which line the Loire. 'There,' they : said, ' lives a true nobleman, a little too' ' proud, perhaps, but, nevertheless, a true nobjciuaxi.' For, contrary to the usual state of tilings in the country, where envy is apt to engender haired, ttie count, despite his titla and his wealth, was cihspicudusly. p.jj^t?H'V. He was then about 40 year* of age, tall and good look is;^, ami albeit somewhat solemn and rt\\-.('i:\\\jd, still at times grandly affable and obiifr t. and even good- natured to boot j ?that is, so long as no one spoke in Ms pre sence of the reigning family, the nobility or the clergy, of iia hounds, fee wines he , vintaged, or . of various other subjects on j ?which he had what lie chose to consider his ' own opinions.' As he seldom spoke, and even then -with remarkable brevity, he managed to say fewer foolish' things than most people are in. the habit of uttering, and thus he won the reputation of being clever and well informed, of ?which he was very proud and .careful. He ? lived freely, almost profusely,1 putting aside each year but little more than half his income. He was dressed by a Paris tailor; and always wore the most exquisite boots and gloves. The castle was kept in handsome style, and the pleasure grounds Wer© a great source of expense. The stables sheltered six hunters, and the kennels a pack of hounds ;\ while idling in the hall one always found half a dozen lazy servants, -whose gorgeous liveries, adorned with the family coat of arms, were a source of perpetual -wonder at Saint Mathurin. The count himself would have been perfect but for his inordinate passion for the chase. As soon as the season opened he was ever afield, now on foot and now in the saddle — now breaking through thickets in search of a boar, and now up to his knees in the marshes after water fowl. He carried these proceedings so far that the -ladies of the neighborhood with marriageable daugh ters blamed him to His face for his impru dence, and scolded him for risking his pre cious health so recklessly. This wealthy nobleman of 40 was still unmarried. And yet he had not lacked opportunities to assume the bonds of hymen, for there was not a mother for 20 miles around who did not covet this pike for her daughter — 10,000 a year and a great name. He had only to appear at a ball and at once he became the hero of the evening. Mothers and daughters alike lavished their sweetest smiles on him 5 and flattering -welcomes were forthcoming on all sides. But all manoeuvres had been fruitless ; he had escaped every snare, and defeated every matchmaker's cunning devices. Why was he so averse to matrimony? His friends referred the explanation to a certain person, half housekeeper, half companion, who lived at the castle, and who was both very pretty and very designing. But, then^ there are malicious tongues everywhere, However, in July, 184?^ an event occurred which was calculated to impart some plausi bility to these idle, gossiping tales. One fine day the count's housekeeper died most unexpectedly, and six weeks later it was reported that the Count de Ville-Handry was going to be married. The report was correct. And whom do you think he mar ried f Why, the .daughter of a poor widow, the Baroness de Rupert, who was living in great poverty at a place called Hosiers, her sole income being a small pension-granted her for her husband's services as & colonel of artillery. She did not even belong to a good old family, nor was she either a 'native of the province. No one exactly knew who she was or where she came from. Her husband, they said, had merely been created a baron under the First Empire, and had no genuine right to call himself a noble. On the other hand, Pauline de Rupert, then 23 years old, was in the full bloom of early womanhood, and marvellously .buautifuL Moreover, Bhe had hitherto been looked upon as a sensible, modest girl, possessed of every quality and virtue that can make life happy. But now people mainly insisted on the fact that she had no dower — not a farthing, not even a trousseau. Tne idea of the count marrying hex amazed everyone j and a perfect storm of indignation swept over the country side. People would have been less astonished if they had known that for some years a great intimacy had existed between the bride's mother and the deceased housekeeper at the castle. But, on the other hand, this fact might have led to more scandalous surmises etill. JHowever this might be, the count was not long allowed to remain in doubt as to the change of opinion in the neighborhood. 1 He realised it as soon as he paid bis usual visits at Angers, or called on the nobility near him. No more affectionate smiles, tender welcomes, or little white hands stealthily seeking his. The doors that for merly seemed to fly open at his mere approach now turned but slowly on their hinges— some even remained closed, the owners being reported not at home, although the count knew perfectly well that they weTe i&doors; at fie time. One very noble and pious old lady, who gave the keynote to Angevin society, had. said to her friends in the most decided manner— ' For my part, I will never receive at iny house a , damsel -who used, to give music lessons to j my nieces, even if she had caught and en ; trapped a Bourbon !' The charge was true. Pauline, in order to provide heir mother with some of the comforts which are almost in dispensable to old age, had given lessons on the pianoforte to several young ladies residing in the neighborhood. Her terms had been low enough ; and yet she' was now blamed precisely for accepting such, paltry remuneration. Folks would indeed have' blamed her fa* the npblest of virtues ; for all the blame -was cast on her. When I people met her they averted their heads, so as not to have to bow to her 3 and, even i when Bh6 was leaning- on the count's arin, there, were some who spoke most courteously to him, and yet did not say a word to his wife, as if they had not seen Her, or as though she had not existed at all. This' impertinence, went eo far that at last one day the count was so enraged that he seized one of ids neighbors by the collar of his coat and shook him violently, exclaiming— - 'Don't jojx see the cbuntees, my wife, sirf How shall'! chasfiie. you to cure ybu 6£ your near-sightedness f' Foreseeing a duel, the impertinent individttai apologised, and I his experience, put others on their guard. ' 13ut their opinions remained unchanged. Open war only changed into secret, oppo sition, that Was all, , . . I Fate, however, always kinder than man, ; held a reward in store for the count, Which, amply repaid Kim for his heroism in marxy [ ing a penniless girl. One of his wife's ! uncles, a banker at Dresden, died, leaving his 'beloved niece Pauline' a legacy I of £100,000. This opulent indi ! vidual, who had never assisted his sister in her trouble, and who would have 1 utterly disinherited Mile; de Rupert had she remaiSed the mere SaughTajsr of a poldier of : fortune, had been flattered by the idea of ; inscribing in his will tiie name of the i( high and mighty Countess de Ville-Handry.' This unexpected piece of good|fortune ought to have delighted the young: wife; She might now nave revenged herself on all her slanderers, and acquired ?unbounded popu larity. But far from appearing glad, she had never looked sadder than on the day when the great news reached her. For t-n that very day she for the first time cursed Her marriage. The voice of conscience, re minded her that she ought never to Have yielded to her mother's entreaties and orders. Ait excellent daughter, destined to become the best of mothers and the most faithful of wives, she had literally sacrificed herself. And now she perceived that Her sacrifice Had .been superfluous. Ah, why had she not resisted, at least for the purpose of gaining tune ? For in Her girlhood she Had dreamed of a very dif ferent future. Long before giving ' h^r Hand to the count she Had, of Hef own free will, given her Heart to another. She Had bestowed her first and warmest affections upon a young man who was only two or three years older than Herself — Peter Champcey, the son of one of those wealthy farmers who live in the valley of the laoiye; He -worshipped her. Unfortunately, from the very first there Had been an. obstacle between them— Pauline's poverty. It could not be expected that such keen, thrif/ty peasants as Champcey's father and mother ?would ever allow one of their sons — they had two — to perpetrate so foolish an act as marrying for love. They had toiled hard for their children's benefit. Peter, the eld er, was to be a lawyer ; while Daniel, the younger, who longed to go to sea, was studying day and night pre-1 paring for the examination he must pass before entering the service of the state. I The old couple were not a little proud of I these 'gentlemen,' their sons; and they told I everybody they knew that in return. for the education they were giving their boys they expected them to inarry large fortunes. Peter knew His parents so well that he never mentioned Pauline to them. 'When I am of age,' he said to himself, ' it will be a different matter.' ' Ah ! why had not Pauline's mother waited at least till then ? Poor girl ! oh the day she entered the castle of Ville-Handry, she had sworn she would bury this love of hers so deep in the innermost recesses of Her heart, that it should never resuscitate nor hinder her from performing Her duty. And Hitherto she had kept her -word ; but now it suddenly broke forth., more powerful than ever, tall it ?well-nigh overcame Her. What has become of the man she should Have waited for ? When he Had Heard that she was going to marry the count He Had written her a last letter, in which He overwhelmed Her wiifch irony and contempt. Had He since forgotten her P At all events, he also had married ; and the two lovers, who Had once Hoped to walk hand-in-hand through life, were now each following a different road. For long Hours tHe young countess strug gled in the solitude of her chamber against the ghosts of the past which crowded round her. But, if ever a guilty thought called a blush to her brow, she quickly oon quered it Like, a brave, loyal woman, she renewed Her oath, and swore to devote herself entirely to her Husband. He Had rescued her from a'bject poverty, and bestowed upon Her his fortune and his name ; and in requital she must make him happy. She needed all Her courage; all her energy, to fulfil Her vows ; for two years' o? married life Had shown her the count, as he really was — with, a ? narrow mind, empty thoughts, and cold Heart. She Had long since discovored that the bnffiaHti masof the world, whom everybody considered so clever, was in reality an absolute nullity, incapable of propounding any idea that -was not sug gested to him by others, and at the same time full of overweening self-esteem and absurd obstinacy. The worst was, However, that the count felt a growing repug nance for His wife. He Had Heard bo many people say that she was not his equal that he finally believed it himself ; and besides, He blamed Her for the prestige He Had lost. An ordinary wo man would have shrunk from the difficult task which Pauline saw lying before Her, and -would Have contented Herself with respecting Her marriage- vows. But the countess was not an ordinary woman'. She meant to do more than Her duty. Fortu nately a cradle somewhat lightened Her task. She had a daughter, her Henrietta; and upon that darling clirly Head sHejiuilt a thousand castles in the air, Shaking off tHe langour. to which she Had given way for. nearly two years, she began to study the count with all the sagacity that Hope of a High reward is apt to give. A.remark accidentally made by Her hus band shed a new light on Her destiny. One morning-, in the course of conversation after breakfast, he Happened to say, 'AH! -Nancy was very fond .of you; The day before she died, when she knew she was going, she made me promise Her that I would inarry you.' This Nancy was the count's former Housekeeper; and after such a significant remark, the young countess clearly realised what position she Had really Held at the Castle. She understood how, though, keep in the background, and exaggerating the Humility of Her position, sHe Hail be'en in truth the count's intellect, energy, and will. Her influence over Him Had, besides, been so powerful, that it had survived Her, and she Had been obeyed even when already gone. Although cruelly Humiliated bv t^i« con fession on Her husband's part, the countess had sufficient self -control not to blame 'hrm for Eis.weaBiiessr ' Well, be it bo,' she re marked to Herself, ' for His Happiness and our peace, I will, stoop to play the same part Nancy playecL' -TO BE CONTlifUBi).) DiBLiNeSoisr C.JS.f .S,— Tha annual meeting of the C.E.T.S. in connection -with St, John's CHtirch,. DailiiigJiurBt; waS mm Jn -the ftQiool hall on .Monday night. The Eer. W. Pain, B.A., . presides. There -was &iarge; attendance. Addresses we»jJeUyei*d by tha i Beya. W. IS. &$$&£ ?aft E.Lwapard, ana Mr. C Snaxto. The report of tho society : for _ the. year 'was r&ad; t-y Mr. Docker. . jDuriag the evening musical items -were rendered by Misses Cham bers lO'SbMne&y;, CheHeH ; . and , Messrs. Cheheh, Macici andialb'er contributed eoioa on tip baojo, .The following are the oncers, and committee for the year : Rev. A. W. Pain, B.A., jweradentj Bev. Mi Lampard, B.A., vice-president; Miss Dodker, hpn. treasurer; V. L. Docker, hon. secretory ; committee, Mrs. JLord, . TifjgieB' Hills, F. S. Spark; O. West, ML Williams; , Goodtnait, Mrs. Sole, ana Messrs. T. P. Shaw, 3. Clark, 3. M'Millaiii J. Hole. THE BEST AKD PDEEST COCOA, The 'M©dicslAMtnal'B»7»: The inane of Cadbtaybn any packet of cocoa is & guarantee of parity, Thapcpalas fedTeraga et all Masons.— 0. 