IoutibSl pars. Tolitics pay ; politicians don't. ? \- The p»08 of a Cabinet is that of its slovreBt member. i' jam not an authority on law' — Alf. £dd«i,M.P. ii surelj my intelligence is nnder a cloud.' ^.J. Askton, M.P. ?I I em not a laborer — 1 am an employer.' ,-H. Macdonald, M.P. Ihe Milson's Point railway ia running at a lo;sof £]U,OCO a year. !Jr. Fegan will bring on hiB Local Option Jill on llt'n December. Mr. J. G. Carroll (The Laohlan) adds a fresh terror to the House. « Talk is cheap ' — that is why Macdonald, JI P., gifes us '' much 0I 'r 'I'm one o£ them that likes to sustain a contention.'— Alf. Bdden, M.P. Every day in the week is Thirst-day with some reeeatly made ex- JTs.L.A. '?Spit it out' — polits interjection in debate by the Poetma6ter- Qeneral. The South Australian Assembly has agreed to an absentee tax without a division. There will be a lot of splitting up over i.irad Bill amendments in Committee. ' Can we repeal the common law of Eng and /'— L'onundrnm by jlf. Edden, M.P. Grand military circus sot down for the ,6ih October in the Legislative Assembly. Pnrkes says saloon is spelt thus : — ' Hess ' ?llay' ' llell' two ' Hoes' and a' Hen.' Barton, Q.C., Buys ' the outlook for the coil industry is black.' It is mostly that way. ' These pernicious Old Men of the Sea.' —Ihe Legislative Councillors ol Hew Sjuth Vales. Ministers propose to tulce Tuesdays (after 7 p.m.) for the discussion of Government business. The Sonth Australian Government had a majority of three on a division in favor of a progressive land tax. 1 In many reapocts the Land Bill is a good one, bnt it wants to undergo eooic modifica tion!.'—), lfayee, M.P. Mr. Foynton, M.P. (S.A.) has moved to have fines inflicted on members who absent themselves fiom a division. 'Cherry brandy is a very valuable pro duction, and is sold here at fid for a wine tWuL'— H. Copeland, M.P. '? Men have been sentenced in Queensland (o three years' imprisonment for jeering and ko-booing.' — Gee. Black. M.P. Mr. Orick is of opinion tbat the Land Bill v,ill drag its weary length along until Fcb itiLiy pr March next. God iorbld i ' I am not prepared to pay off hand whether a breach of cjniract is, or is not, an offence ct comteem ...\i.' — B. 1!. Wise, M.P. In the opinion of E. W. O'Eullivnn, M.P., the question of 1'cderation is of far greater importance than even the Land Bill. 'Theresa gentleman what lives next door to me what is a butcher. What's there to laugh at in that ?'— Alf. Udden, M.P. Sir Henry Parkes opened the Parkos College at Purkes on Monody. Seems to be n lot of Purkes in this email paragraph. lieid. in bis action (or rather inaction) with regard to the imprisoned bank directors, is lightly named. A weak rccd to lean oa. ' JI r. Copeland is exceedingly touchy when his pet child, (bis Land Mil!) which we know never taw daylight, is attacked,'— J. Hayce, 31\. r. 'Hon. members may shout 'Question' from this lime until the Lord cometh, but I will say what I intend. to Bay.'— K. A. P/icc, .HP. Mr, Garrard expressed himBelf as well pleased with all he 6aw during Mb recent ?visit to Sydney University. Be is Jacob aud K-tau. 'WithroipecttologislatioaaffectingTradee Unionism and other social matters, we aro tbi:iy years behind Great Britain.'— li. B. Via, JJ.P. Ihe second leading of the Law of Libel Amendment Bill (Mr. )S. W. O'Sullivan) has teen made an order of the day for Tuesday, IKuvemberSO. ' it tho beginning o£ the present century it was deemed to be a treasonable act for men to become members of trades unions.' — Gco. Black, M.P. Neither Parkes nor Reid nor Dibbs know Mylbicgat all about land legislation. Reid oven does uot know how many land boards there arc in tho colony. Tcmpnra mutantvr.—Tix other day Sir Georgu Dibbs was seen talking to, and actually shaking hands with, a pressman. 'Iwm a terrible mutation. 11 Those who are most anxious to pass an Eirtht Hours' Bill do not really understand the interests of the working classes all over Um country.'— W. Stephen, M.P. ' The Hon. A. H. Jacob is the most flagrant interrupter in the House, but if anyone iiitcuupts him he comes down on them in a moment.' — Eon. J. Macintosh, M.L.O. The consideration of the petition against the return of Mr. Willard for the Tweed has been noBtponed until Wednesday. So much for the corrcot tip of the ' Evening Kews.' Mr. Edmund Barton, Q.C., mode a power ful speech against the Coal Mines Begula tlon Bill, oa behalf of 27 colliery proprietors, last Wednesday before the Legislative Council. Bose, of Argyle, wants eo much informa tion respecting the dates on which the Public Works Committee lust sat that the l'remier told him ha bad better employ a detective. 'The punishment for endangering life and for endangering property should not be the time and should not be dealt with in the tame clause o£ the bill.'— B. W. Moore, M.P. (.liingara.) 21)0 consideration of Arthur Baa's petition against the return of T. Fitzgerald for the .'I uiTumbidgee has been postponed for a .week by the Elections and Qualifications -JuifiniiKLe»~ 'W-at.-itrniraioi' modern tion on our part v.'liul.i he iicceiitiy it' emme the ..nssuye ot / the Conspiracy and Protection. o£ Property Bill through the Upper House V'—W. M. Hughes, M.P. The colliery proprietors of both the northern and southern districts were represented by counsel at the bar of the Legislative Council in opposition to the Coal Mines Regulation Bill. Schey, if. P. (Oatiington) is fieqoently blamed for undue loquacity. Last Tuesday after he bad moved for leave to introduce his Eight-Hour Bill, Mr. GaTravd sat upon him for hit extreme taciturnity. Echey's Bill to make eight hours ' a 'legal ' day's work' should operate to prevent judges sitting along into the small hours of the morning when it is deemed, desirable to furnish the hangman with a job. On Tuesday the House negatived the second reading of the Distillation and Bale ot Colonial Brandy Acts Amendment Blxten sion Bill by J(- votes to 17. Tho title was too long for the House to swal'.ow. Mr. E. Atkinson Price, quits a ba.be in the Houso, Aud not done with political pup, At each chuuca rattlea off qu a vocal onmiES, For whicli nobody cares half a K.A.P. Discussion of Workmen's Combination Bill postponed until October 23. If we bad Female Suffrage or Female Representation among ub, the title, Workwomen's Combina tion Bill, would sound kind o' curious. On Thursday evening Parkes professed horror at Ike Premier's proposal to take Tuesday nights for (Jovernmcnt business. The incidental fact that he had frequently done the Eutne was perfectly immaterial. M. J. Leugbnane, orGrenfell, solicitor, has petitioned against the return of G. S. Greene lor Grenleli. len't the time np for the re ception of petitions 1 Must be by now fully eight weeks since the return of the writs. Mr. Willard complains tbat a continuous influx of aliens tabes place over the^QueenB land border, and us muny as 85 recently arrived Kanakas are be in;; employed by one firm on tho Tweed to the exclusion of white citizens. On Tuesday Mr. Griffith is to ask the Colonial Secretary : ?e it a fact tbst one day last month an artillery a stationed at Coogee was sentenced to 44 days' cells for iu'.o ailing his mother's funeral in piain clothes 7 Mr. Macdonald (Coonamble) perpetrated a joke the other evening. Speaking on tbe Land Bill he said : ' The amendment is a subject ol national importance, 1 muy say of National Association importance.' No one even trailed. 'If I weratrtie to my class I should be speaking of Galling guns aud soldiers ; but J decline to be true to my class if in doing so J must betray humanity.' — H. Macdonald, M.P. l''or which very small mercy may we all be truly thankful. Mr. Bavister, M.P., is strongly of opinion tliat every Trades-uuisnist, worthy of the name, would be willing to see legislation providing punishment for people who wil fully and malic ously damage or seriously injure valuable property. An attempt is being made to popularise the process of embalniinp;. If it ia success ful some members of the Upper House might be placed on their perches in the Chamber where they would be as useful in a couple of centuries as they are now. Sir Julian SaloroonBclressed Hoadle Doddle White down very delicately over the litter's 'influx of Criminals Prevention Bill.' He pointed oat tbut Mr. White had no conccp t.iou of the subject be was dealing with, and tbat he knew nothing at all about it. Yankee politicians come in for chaff now and then. Here's the latest thing going the roundB : ' What political party did Washington belong to .' ' ' None.' ' None ? Why ! ', ' He was disqualified for all.' ' How fj 1 ' ' Ho couldn't tell a lie.' Mr. Speaker has backed down in his nn tenabic determination to term important Fcconil reading divisions, where principles arc at Btake, vexatious and frivolous. In thus gracefully conceding to the wishes of the Ilouse Kir J. P. Abbott acted wisely and well. The first division in Committee on the Land Bill w.is on the proposal of Mr. ilillen (Bourke) to add to clause 8 a proviso that no resumption should be made until after enquiry and report by the local Land board. This was negatived by 75 votes to 18. 'Jimmy' Hogue, M.P., is on the right track in his endeavors to get the franchise for tho traps. If the police obtain votes through the press they will (or should, out ot gratitude) wink the other eye when they ece inebriated journalists sunning themselves on doorsteps. Replying to Hr. Millen, the Secretary for LandB said, ' The cost to tbe Crown of the rcappraiscment of Western division leases brought under the Crown Lands Act of 1889 was £11355 la 4d, made up as follows : — Fees to appraisers, £4703 Os lOd ; and travelling expenses, £Ju'J2 Os 6d.' Speaking on the Conspiracy Laws Bill, Aftleck, M.P., pictured, 'in bis mind's eye,' such extremely lenient magistrates that, for minor breaches of the law, modified punish ments such as fines of Gd or two hours' im prisonment would be inflicted. The cross benches jeered at the simplicity of the ideal From the pick to the pulpit and thesce to the poal-oilke, Joe Cook of the then, now Hon. Joseph the ' loff ' i« : But wo tear tbat his day's nearly done— closod thobookis, ? For quite out of place as a captain thut Cook is. ' I can afford to pass by all references made by hon. members as to my hypocricy in opposiag the introduction of the Bight Hours Bill, but when gentlemen have done as much, and have suffered as much, on behalf of the Eight Hour principle as I have— then they can talk.'— Hon. Jacob Garrard, M.P. Macdonald, M.P., while not wanting to poee as the champion of men who break the laws, does not want to see such drastic legislation passed as to provide that a shearer -who left balf-a-ileece on a sheep would be liable to three months hard labor, or a fine of £20, which he would not have the ghost of a chance to pay. \- ' There can be no doubt that offences con templated by the act of George IV would be held to be offences agoinBt the comuon law, which makes contpiracy to commit those offences — which makes conspiring together, for instance, to prevent men going about their lawf ol business — a punishable crime.' —Adrian Knex, li,P. When G. H. took tbe Promisrabip he said 'I must succeed, For all I do shall bo so clear that be who runs may read.' Few weeks have pissed, hii recoid ?howe nought, or but little, dflne. Now old man Parkei has ehown his hand, and he who's Reid must run. While Mr. SleathVas speaking on the second reading of the Conspiracy nnd Pro lusion of Property Bill aud pointing out that the measure did not and could not supeieede the common law of England, he hesitated a moment for an apt simile— ' P'-* it out I' was tbe courteous interjection inter polated by the Postmaster- General. The Legislative Council, by a majority of three, decided not to refer the Coal Mines Begnlation Bill to a select committee and 60 shelve it, but to adopt tbe more insidious and dangerous plan of mauling and emascu lating it in committee of the whole. The Ministry will have to pack the Upper House, or lose the support of the cross benches. The Conspiracy and Protection of Pro perty Bill (Mr. Fegan's) got terribly mauled and mangled by Ministers in Committee. The Premier was very careful to point eut though, that hiB colleagues were only acting in their individual capacity in emasculating tbe measure, but whether they opposed it individually, or ex ofiein as Ministers, they got there; just the eame. The conspiracy laws of George IV, re mained in force in England until 1871, when tbey were repealed, and other pro visions were substituted in their places. In 157D the Act of 1871 was repealed and other provisions substituted in lien - of that A£t. So that the English laws relating to con spiracy are far and away ahead of those in force in New South Wales. On Thursday night Sir H. Parkes told the r .-mier be bad done more for the country iuai George would do ina thousand years : — '!}..:?-! inurer' 'Done more' what nonsense tins Husuulier done his bsnt? Poor)jii;uiii:a both. The country oft remembers, with h pang. He sleeps who hiis done more for us — brave, faithful ' Duo-more ' Lang. The third clause o£ the Land Bill (dealing with the legal rights of lessees in the Central Division leases) is rightly considered the crucial point of the whole measure, and naturally evoked a very animated discue Bion. But, when it is considered that tbe Crown bas always the right of resumption, that even in freehold s that right is always reserved, it follows (the lesser being always contained in the greater) that it bas also the power to resume leaseholds on payment of fair compensation. On Thnrsday afternoon the Premier moved — ' That on Tuesdays, unless other wise ordered, Government business only shall be taken alter 7 o'clock, p.m.' On which Mr. Crick moved aa an amendment; — ' That after tbe word ' Tuesdays ' the following words be inserted — ?on which Notices of Motion on $nc business paper have prece dence,' ' The amendment was negatived by 5'J votes to 33. Both Housea of the New Zealand Parlia ment have utterly renounced the experiment of managing the State railways by a Board of Commissioners. It took New Zealand exactly Beven years to find out what a wretched system the CommisBione»hip really was, and now the State railways have been, by Parliament, handed back to direct Ministerial control and management. So mote it be, here and elsewhere. 'It may not be known to hon. members that the defence forces at present sre in a state of incipient rebellion owing to tbe high-handed action of the preBent Major General. He hat stirred np so much indig nation amongst the officers and men of the partially-paid and volunteer forces of this colony that it amounts almost to incipient rebellion. It seems to be an offence for a man to be an Australian ; tbat is sufficient reason for him to be drummed out of the force.'— A. Htifcetb, M.P. It is the combination of the Labor party with the farmers that constitutes the strength of the New Zealand Government. Sere the Labor party have neither the sense to com bine with any party nor the common grati tude even to support tbe old members who fought for labor long before the Labor Electoral Leagues came into existence. And bo long bb the Labor party and the Labor leaders generally possess neither sense nor gratitude, eo long will they remain a com paratively unimportant factor in politics. The Hon. G. B. Simpson, in the Legisla tive Council, was a bit rough on the Hon. Alex. Brown, whom he termed the selfcon Etitutcd leader of the opposition to the Coal Mines Regulations liilL After showing how, in 18!-0, the hon. member, then in tbe As sembly, voted for the second reading of a worse measure, because he at that time did not dare .to move that the bill be referred to a Select Committee, and did not even lead off in opposition to the bill of ISHo dealing vrith the same subject, because it bad been intro duced by the Dibbs Ministry. He. also pointed out tbat Mr. Brown led off the op position to tbe Navigation Bill introduced by the Reid Government, and altogether made Mr. B. look remarkably foolish. On the motion for adjournment in the ABsembly last Thursday morning Mr. Wad dell, M.P., brought under the notice of the Heuse tbe question of resuming 40 acres of freeheld land adjoining the Mount Drysdale township. Mr. Waddell conde mned strongly the scandalous delay that had taken place in the Lands Department ic dealing with the matter. Months and months bad elapsed since he first brought the matter under the notice of the Government, yet he bad only just got an answer to his application for the resumption of the land, and that in tbe negative. He strongly condemned allowing a private person to monopolise thiB land to the detriment of the miners, who had borne the burden and beat of the day in opening up this great golifield, and he urged the immeiiate reconsideration of the matter.. 