SOME ACCOUNT OF THE SOLO MON ISLANDS, Bt One "Who Has |Jeen There. No. II. , It is odd that in ths inland puts of Fiji the word "nito " is used for ghosts, or spirits of the dead. Ths same word bearing the same meaning obtains here, and also at Malioolo, New Hebrides. Now thia identity of .word aud meaning in plnoes so far apart is most peculiar, I think. Mala or Majyata ia tha next large island to the north- east. It is about 120 miles long by 30 or 40 broad, mountains soma 4000 or 5000 feat high ; it is also covered with dense forests, and the land is equally fertile, tho soil being a deep black loam. On tho south side, near Port Adams, thero is a large boat passage right through from sea to sea. While passing in our boats we ware fired on frequently from the various little mangrove islands studding tho strait, but saw no natives. Thia district thus out off is oalled "Marama- siki," a towa near is called "Las," and "Supaina" ia the best bay until ono comes to " Aliti " on tha north-west coast. Tboso Mala people aro the most treseherouy as well as the smallest physically of all the Solomon islanders. They art continually intriguing to take one's vessel, and "anchor watch" should always be maintained whilo trading in this group ; indeed, all over tho Solomons pcouliar precautions havo to be taken. One never knows whon a head hunting party 300 or even 400 strong will sweep down on your vessel. Whon first we nailed thcBQ ne&s; one was muoh surprised at tho preparations made by the old sea-dog of a captain who had made, as ho boasted, 22 voyages to tho Western Pacific without a "muss." The two 6-pounders at each side of the wheel wore cleaned up, loaded to the muzzle, and every evening, after the vessel had anchored (and in theae narrow seas to anchor every night is the rule), all the small bullets, bolts, &c.;, tied up in a canvas bag to fit tho bores, were drawn j and the little cannon squihbed. This answered a double purpose. It told the bushmen that a trader was in tho bay, and showed all and sundry we were prepared. Tho guns were then cleaned, primed, roloaded, a slow maloh was life and burnt nightly on the little cuddy table ; every white kept his Winchester or Martini and revolver loaded in Ills bunk, day and night ; spare ones wero kept in captain's oabin, and arrangements made that during every hour of cho night a white is on guard on deck, and throe aAcks full wero lashed to the main mast. Guess what they held ! Why, bottles broken small to be Btrown on deok in the event of the natives attempcing to take the vessel by boarding. These broken bottles seemed admirable. They would not muoh inoonvenienoe the whites with shoes on, but in the event of 100 savages bounding on to a glass strewn deok at night tho effect may bo imaginod. Some good folk, not knowing these islands, may consider such precautions useless. By no means. Even now as we write there are parts of this group where no vessel dare anchor (excopt indeed, a man of war). Any mere trader doing so simply invites his fate. During the hours before dawn the savages come down in thousands under cover of dnrknois and hoard. Whether asleep or awako, what can five or six whites do among so many ? Tho orew all killed and eaten, both blaok and white, the ship plundered aud burnt, and the papers report another labor vessel missing. Nothing further is done ; in some few caseB a few huts are burnt or cocoa trees cut down, and this is all All other nations proteot their subjects in foreign olimcs (while they conduct themselves) except the English. Here our prestige is protfy well gone ; the natives imagine they can kill the British with impunity, and upon my word they are very nearly right. As simply an abstraot principle it is very questionable if it is to the advantage of any nation, great or little, to allow its subjects to bo killed without making any inquiry about thoir deaths, or taking any steps to punish their murderers, even if they only be mere traders or common folk. Those of us who go down to those seas in ships have to consider suoh things. The Borcalia was taken at Sulukow, off this very island of Mala, & few years ago, in broad daylight ; the Marion Rennie, trading here, was never heard of; natives reported all hands woro killed and eaten, vessel burnt ; the Dancing Wave was takeu at Gala, and many and many another. The list would fill one of your oolumns. Some stay at homes seom to think that whites who sail these seas aro always shooting or fighting on the slightest occasion. This is all a mistake. It is not the r6lc of a trader or recruiter to quarrel ; it simply docs not pay; it stops trading, &e.t; altogether, and the oAptaiu becomos a marked man among the natives. And apart from humanity and all that, the owners object to it. It spells ruin for that trip, and it is absolutely astonishing how news, especially fighting news, travels in these islands. Nearly everywhere women and children oome off iu their canoes to trade ; it showed much confidence in the white, I thought. Most persons one moots seem to imagine all the Bcoundrels of half the earth gather to the South Seas. This is another mistake. Ono oomcs across more blackguardism in Melbourne in a week than in Polynesia for years. The average ruffian is not muoh of a hero, and oarcs not to take his life in his hands ; and here, where an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth is the rule, and the law of lex talionis is so entirely absolute, the ruffian is oonspiouous by his absenoe. This is tho writer's experience. Of course there aro blaok sheep. Where are they not? But the facts are as stated. At Aliti the natives asked double prices for everything, and when we refused purchasing the looal chief on our own deoks told us we were bad men, and he would take the vessel and settle the matter so. Wo told him to go home, and wo would bring lightning to his town that night. He laughed, twitchod his finger and thumb in our faoes, and went off home. That .night it was dark, so about 10 wo sent some three or four rookets olose over his village. Next morning at daylight came the frightened chief with the propitiatory pig, and "Oh, speak to your gods to bring no moro lightning ho close." So we agreed, had fresh pork for dinner, and advised him not to bo sauoy to whites again. About a third of these people are covered with a sort of skin disease oalled Solomon ringworm ; it is oatohing by oontaot, and is supposed to be induced in the first instance by a diot of fish and too muoh bathing in salt wator. These Mala folk are armed with bows 7 foot long and arrows of reeds 3£ feet, barbed with fish bones and unpoisoned. It is odd no South Sea arrows are ever feathered. The bows are the most powerful we have seen, and are effeotive up to 150 yards. Short triangular swords of heavy i wood are also iu use, nob at all unlike in shapo the old Romau sword. The spears are not so plentiful as abPoura, but shields aro carried by most. The ohiefs wear great wristlets, the size of a dinner plate, the larger size the greater rank, and half an inoh thick, made from the shell of the gigantic clam ; these are often so heavy that the wearer has to Bleep continually on his back with his arms orossed. What will we not all do, gentle and simple, in doference to the great god Fashion ? Looking glasses, often 5 or 6 inohes in diametor, are frequently worn in the slit ears, and one ohief sleeping on board, as they often do, when retiring close to ub on deok —the best place to sleep in this hot climate slipped the glasses out and twisted his ears over hia head, to keep them out of barm's way, I suppose. Tb girls wear pretty braoelets from elhov. to shoulder, called "oksrties," as thin as a pen handle, made from the olam shell also, and looking like marble. It takes from 10 to 20 of these to purchase a wife— I havo forgotten their price in shell money. As one works along the coast to the north-west you come to many pretty islands ; one, Kara-Kinar, is some 4 or 5 miles long by 2 broad, and was, when we were there, uninhabited — a head hunting party had oleared it out somo time before. Would not this island, or one like it, have admirably suited those poor deluded folk who lately went to Paraguay; £50 in trade would have bought it from the looal ohiefs. There these Socialists oould have made their own laws, elected their own magis trates, cultivated thoir own lands — as fertilo as any under the sun— and exported their own produoe without paying 50 per cent, to an alien Government, as they will have to do in South America. Great Britain wpold not have troubled probably, the head hunters would have been awed by the number of the whites and, if the island had been cleared fever and ague, the curse of the group would disappear. I mako a present of this suggestion to tho New Australians. Let the Royal Tar's nipxt trip be to the Solomons. Look to it, Mr. Head, and think of it These islanders have some queer ideas. Thoy never speak of tho dead. It is not the thing to do. The Australian blacks have the same rule. They also don't oare to .mention their own names ; if one asks a man his name a comrade always answers The people wear littlo or no clothing, the young girls none at all ; tho sexes keep apart, and don't sit or eat togothor. White is a sign of mourning, ne in China and among the Australian blacks. They hnve another odd custom on this Mala, tho bushmen will not allow the beaohmen to plant any food— ysma or taro— nor will tho latter allow the former to catch a fish. The broAoh of either of thess rules leads to hot war at once. Markets are thereforo held twice a week or so, when fish are exchanged for yams and taro, Ac. Two small fish for a yam is the usual thing, Tho women trade, while the men on each aide Btand on guard. The trading ground is gen erally some midway boaSh or other. The island women don't leave their oanoes, while the baih ladies wade out a little, and the chaffering begins — tho male is no bargainer all the world over. Both sexos wear very pretty little oombs here, often beautifully worked in yellow grass and sometimes most artistically inlaid with mother of pearl ; a white lady might well wear them. .Many of the principal ohiefs also wear necklaces of human tooth. I imagine these show the number of the weareri' victims and feasts. They are much prized and hard to purchase. Questions & to how ths teeth were obtained are not answered. On this island many of the chiefs confidently assert that a small race of men inhabit the mountains of the interior; they go in families don't plaut food, and steal yams and bananas, Somo even say they aro unacquainted with the use of fire, don't build houses, and roam from place to place, sleeping in trees. Langi, chief of tho island of Kwai, told the writer that two of these little folk had besn caught by an inland tribe whom ho knew, One had died — the boy ; but the girl was alive, ho had seon her. He arranged to bring her down' for a Winchester, but on our next visit poor Langi lmd been killed in a raid, and bis successor was uot friendly. However, so many stories are told about theso littlo people, thore may be somnthmg in it. Captain M'Donald told mo on being spoken to on the subjeot that he had heard much the same tale, before at another island. Along thia north-cast coast are many little islands on the reefs very thickly inhabited; Aio, Quai, Sulu-how, Kwanquaro, Manomba and others ; these are not shown on the charts. They are all within the outer reef which we saw only about this part of Mala, and they are artificial, or partly so. A higher part of the reef is chosen ; stones and earth are brought from the shore, and a small inland built up some few feet above high water, a narrow passage for the oanoes going right through. Cocoa trees aro planted, and then tho beaoh folk build their amAll huts touching each other. Each native sleeps on a small platform, Rome three feet from the ground, and at night a little fire is kept lighted for the double purpose of keeping away mosquitoes and killing the miasma. No Solo« mon native cares to sleep on the ground. Tho outer reef is divided off into fields by rows of stones, one for each householdor, and no one ib expected to fish at low tide except on his own reef field, but he may follow his fish started on his own ground anywhere. A young fellow is not allowed to marry until he has a house built, and this means he has to add> to. his island, so the friends on each side, lads and lasses, assist, and a bee is got up American fflBhion. Somo of tho huts are even built in the sea, as in Nevr Guinea, and tho one cocoanut log connecting eaoh hut with the island is on one side lowered into the sea nightly. An adventure happened to ono of us here ; the young fellow had some words that morniog with tho boatkeepcr, it is so dangerous for ooe white only on this oonst to go in the boat. Towards evening we came to a lonely river, and the young fellow wont for a wash 50 yards ono from tho boat as she waited. \Vhilb washingln the shallow water, nnd keeping at the same time a bright lookout for alligators and ifmrki, ho never notiocd some sturdy mountaineer women stealing on him from bohind. In oonscqnenco of the morning's tiff the other white Baid not a word. Possibly the bather might have got away had he used his fists, hut against women this was out of the question, so after a great struggle down he went in tho shallows, tlio women then throw him up in the air, and kept him up with their lmnds just as a man is tossed in a blanket, and so took him ashore, and scrubbed bin cheat with sand and cocoanut husks until the blood came, to WAsh off tho white pigmeub from the Bkin. When they failed they let him dress himself. Somo tall language ensued between the whites, And so tho matter ended. At Sulu-how a white named Rental was kept a sort of prisoner for six or eight years. He had almost forgotten his own language, and hisstory is most interesting, but too long to bo told here. His adopted mothor insisted on gtviog us a lot of tobacco on the ground of our old kindness to him. Much trepaug, or beolie-ds-mer, was notiocd on the reefs here, but tho natives are so treacherous the whites don't care to gather it; also many turtle, both edible and h&wkbili;, wero seen. Tho wiiito cockatoo and hornbili, called by tho natives " pinn," are also found on Mala, but oddly enough neither are to be sees at St. Chriatoval, only some scoro of miles dis tant. 