Xhg Phantom Horseman. . a tale qf tasmania. br o.e.g. _JFhere are more things in heaven and eacfcbi Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philo sophy. — Shakspeare. I may preface the following true stoyy by stating that 1 have not, and never any belief in the supernatural. Spirits— unless in a liquid state — I reckon hut the myths of the superstitions ; spiritualism I estimate as arrant humbug, and the so— called supernatural appearances and extraordinary "manifesta tions" of which we hear so muck merely the natural result of teickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoe genus omne , are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I wo;uld as lief sleep in a church yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb stone for a pillow ; and feel Bore that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of his prison- house. But I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so seok as they will consent to give over such schoolboy pranks as rap ping table legs, clashing musical instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, such, for in stance, as to give a havd-np pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost . might be made extremely useful in many ways. On the staff of an evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold — would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth half a dozen Coolgardies. Fancy being able, by spirit express, to give a couple of colums of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half mi hour after — or for the matter of that, half an hour before— it happened, with a full list of the, men's names and their photographs ! On, to give the full jscores of our boys' cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of which they have only contrived hither to to make them selves extremely ridiculous and untrustworthy. If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a " Spirits' Retreat " somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tables, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated, I no more believe that he was a phantom than I believe in the libels written about Australian pronunciation. The time was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds covered the firmament and hung over the earth like a funeral pall. A fitting, time and night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thought was to get home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was riding homewards from a oou ntry house known as " The Bend" (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to 0 i hand gallop, and joBt as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm buret in all its fury. And it was furious I Torrents of rain descended— each drop seemed a bucketful; peals of thunder succeeded each other with startlingand deafen ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few seconds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane I was riding in was a very narrow footpath — so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorse hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane; of that I am certain. In fact it was not onoe in six months that anybody ever rode along the _ path ; it was fmerely ; intended for foot pagenngflwil and I had only ridden into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in timA to avoid a drenching. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paces in front of me, also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lightning's flash enabled me to see everything clearly. The man was mountedon a grey horse, ami was dressed in a light grey tweed suit, felt hat pressed down- Over and top boots. He had no -overcoat, but a comforter ,of gome kind wrapped ibuhfl'bisthroat. Thq f eeb'ugcf - horror T experienced wasr.no t be-. simplybeeause I took horse and riderto he composed of fiedblood and bone, like myself and my steed, and Jcnew that under the bi k- cumstaneesa collision was inevitable. We were only a oouple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest pessrbility of passing each other or of pulling up our horses. We were as certain to run into each other as the Camperdown into the Victoria when Admiral Tryon gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shook. ' A couple, of seconds suspense mid nothing happening, I opened themagain. Another flash of lightning and lo 1 my horseman had disappeared; and I could see right np the straight lane to the white gate at the end. I pulled up, turned round and at the next flash -looked back wheaoe I had ooine. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing iu the fields on either side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rode on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key of the gate leading into the lane, but enquiry there only intensified the mystery, as no one had called since I left five hours previously. and the gate Vas, as usual, securely padlocked for the lane was a private one and " no thoroughfare" to the general public. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 