Notes on a Trip to the Holy land and Rome* 1893. (BY BEV. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) PURGATORY CONTINUED.—THE TRADITION THE CHURCH.—A PROOF. The Saviour of the world, in the twenty- third chapter of St. Matthew, speaks thus : —"The Scribes and the Pharisees have sitten in the chair of Moses. All things, therefore, whatsoever they shall say to you, observe and do ; but, according to their works do ye not." From this it is evident that in their official capacity as doctors of the Law, they were infallible and taught the true dogmas of the ancient faith, Now, I have already shown as a positive fact that the doctrine of Purgatory or a middle state held a conspicuous place among those dogmas. The second Book of Macchabees, as a genuine his- tory, lays it down clearly enough without any shadow of doubt. Therefore it is a positive and Scriptural fact, that our Saviour expressly enjoined them to observe and practise the doctrine of Purgatory. A.D. 34.—In the creed drawn up by the Apostles before separating to preach the Gospel to all nations, we are taught that Our Divine Lord "descended into hell" which certainly cannot mean the hell of the damned, out of which there is no redemp- tion ; for both St. Peter and St. Paul tell us that the object of his mission was to preach to the spirits that were in prison and release them, or "lead 'captivity captive.' " Now, every one must admit that, were they imprisoned in the hell of the damned, he would not release them, they must there- fore have been in that prison or temporary hell, which we designate by the name of Purgatory. A.D. 51.—St. Denis the Areopagite, a disciple of St. Paul, in his Lib de Eccl. heirarch, chapter the seventh, when speak- ing of the dead, says :—"The venerable prelate prays over the dead body, and asks the divine assistance to pardon all the sins committed by the deceased through human frailty, that he may be received into a state of bliss and the region of the living." This prayer evidently, as all other prayers for souls, pre- supposes a middle state of purifi- cation from which Almighty God in his mercy is asked to rescue the poor soul, if perchance it be detained therein. Without such a belief and hope of speedy rest for the departed, the Church would regard prayers over the dead as a meaningless ceremony, and useless waste of time. For if there be only these two places, Heaven and hell, and no middle state, of what earthly use are prayers for the dead ? Surely they can be of no benefit to them in Heaven and much less in hell. A.D. 180-216.—St. Clement, of Alex andria, says, "that by punishment after death men must expiate even the least venial sin before they can enter Heaven ;" for reference look to his stromata, lib. VII, pages 794 and 865. A.D. 190-245.—Tertullian, the celebra- ted Latin historian of the African Church, says, "we make oblations for the dead," (De Corona III c.,) and again in the 10th chapter of his treatise on monogamia, he says, "A Christian widow makes oblations on the anniversary day of her husband's death." A.D. 200-253.—The great and learned Origin of Alexandria, in his fifth book against Celsus says, "That all souls are purged by the punishment of fire before they enter into bliss, unless they are so pure as not to require it." So much for Origin. A.D. 248-258.—St. Cyprian, bishop of Carthage, in his sixth epistle to the clergy and people of Furnis, forbade any person to appoint his priests executors to wills under penalty of being denied a commemoration in the Eucharest or Mass, or having any oblation made for him after death." A.D. 290.—Arnobius, the Rhetorican, says "What is the reason our Churches should be so outrageously pulled down, in which prayers are offered and mercy implored for all, for magistrates, armies, kings, friends, and enemies, both living and dead." A.D. 305-338.—Eusebius, Archbishop of Cæzarea in Palestine, in the fourth book and 74th chapter of his life of Constantine, says, "The people and the priests, in sighs and tears, offered up prayers for his soul thus discharging a most acceptable office, for their prince of happy memory." A.D. 320-378.—St. Athanasius, in his Apolog. ad Constant, tom I., page 300, says, "That he prayed earnestly for the repose of his deceased brother Constans." A.D. 325-378.—St. Ephrem, of Edessa, in his "Opera," tom. II, pages 230 and 236, "begs of his friends in his will, to offer for him prayers after death, alms, and oblations (masses), especially on the thirtieth day." A.D. 335-408.—St. Epiphanius, Arch- bishop of Salaminus, in Cyprus, in his "Exposition of Catholic faith," No. 23, says, "The prayers that are offered up for the dead, are useful to them, their names are expressly mentioned, prayers and sacrifices are offered for them, and the mysteries are frequented for their sake." A.D. 340-386.—-St. Cyril, of Jerusalem, in his "Myst. Cath.," page 5, says, "Then we pray for the holy fathers and bishops deceased, then for all all who died amongst us, firmly believing the greatest relief to accrue to those souls for whom the holy and tremendous sacrifice which is placed on the altar is offered up. After the same manner we offer prayers for the dead." A.D. 345-387.—St. Gregory, of Nazian- zus, doctor of the Greek Church, in his thirty-ninth "Oratio, in Sancta lumina," speaking of the thre purifications, Baptism, Penance, and Fire ; he says, " he first and second shall be in this life, and the third in the next life, where they shall be probably baptized by fire, which is the last baptism —it devours gross matter like hay, and consumes the fraily of sin." A.D. 350-375.—St. Bazil, Archbishop of Cæzarea, in Cappodocia, says, "If we dis- close our sins in confession, the growing weeds by this means become so withered and dry that they shall easily be consumed in the fires of Pnrgatory. Read his "Com- mentary on the ninth chapter of the Prophet Isaias." A.D. 355-420.—St. Jerome, the great doctor of the western Church, in his twenty sixth epistle to Pammachium, writes thus, "Our friend Pammachius bedews the holy ashes and the venerated bones with alms- giving, knowing it is written that as water extinguishes fire, alms extinguishes sin." A.D. 360-400.—St. Gregory of Nyssa, in his "Oratio de Mortius," says, "The dead pass into eternal bliss after having been cleansed from their sins by prayers and the study of wisdom in this life, or in the next by doing penance in the furnace of purging fire." A.D. 865-897.—St. Ambrose, bishop of Milan, in his thirty-ninth epistle to Faustin, says : "You ought not so much bewail her as to pray for her and recommend her soul to God in your sacrifices. Speaking of Valentinian the younger and Gratian his brother he says : "No day shall pass over you in silence, no prayer of mine shall ever be closed without remembering you. You shall have a share in all my sacrifices." A.D. 370-407—St. John Chrysistom, Arch- bishop of Constantinople, in his 21st homily on the Acts of the Apostles, says: " 'Tis not in vain that oblations are made for the dead or that we pray for them or give alms for them. All this is the ordinance of the Holy Ghost." "Let us not fail," he says in another place, "to succor the departed whilst the common expiation of the world is being offered." "For when the congre- gation hold up their open arms as well as the priests, and when the tremendous sacrifice is before them why should not our prayers in behalf of the dead appease God ? But this is only for those who have departed in the faith." (Homily 51, on Corinth, tom x, page 898. A.D. 375-431.—St. Paulinus, bishop of Nola, when his brother died recommended his soul to the prayers of his friends, "that perhaps, amidst scorching flames, he might receive the dew of refreshment and con solation." This we read in his Epistle to Delphin, bishop of Bourdeaux. A.D. 386-430.—The Great St. August- ine, bishop of Hippo in Africa, in his commentary on the thirty-seventh Psalm, says : "Purify me in this life and make me such that I may not stand in need of the purging fire." Nor is it to be denied that the souls of the departed are relieved by the piety of their living friends when the sacrifice of the Mediator is offered for them or alms given in their behalf. When the sacrifice of the altar or alms are offered for all Christians they become thanks- givings for the good ; propitiations for those who are not very bad, and for the wicked they are no advantage except the consola- tion they give to their friends. When his mother lay dying, as we read in the ninth book of his confessions, she made this request of him : "Lay this body any- where ; let not the care of it in any way disturb you. This only I request of you that you remember me at the altar of the Lord wherever you are." But enough, it would be useless to multiply testimonies any further. These I regard as quite sufficient for my present purpose. I might also, if necessary, give the prayers for the dead mentioned in all the ancient rituals and liturgies. I might quote from the Jerusalem Ritual attributed to St. James, the Roman left by St. Peter, the Alexandrian left by St. Mark, the Ethiopian left by St. Matthew, the Milan left by St. Ambrose, that of Cappodocia by St. Bazil, that of Constantinople by St. Andrew and St. Chrysostom, &c.; But such a pile of witnesses is unnecessary after all that has been said. For there is no liturgy used by any sect of Oriental Christians, even though separated from us since the. fifth and sixth centuries, in which prayer for the dead do not occur." Consult Le Brun Sur les liturgies quatres primiers siecles, tom. 2, page 40, &c.; Of this I will just be satisfied with three or four examples. In the liturgy of the Nes- torians of Malabar who broke off from us in the fifth century we find these words in reference to our subject : "Let us beseech the Lord to absolve them from their sins and prevarications and make them worthy of a share in eternal felicity with the just who are conformed to the divine will." In the Armenian liturgy we find these beautiful prayers for the repose of the dead : "Remember them O Lord and have pity on them ; give them light and a place among thy saints in thy Heavenly Kingdom." In the liturgy of the Greeks we find this petition : "We make our offering for the repose and deliverence of the soul of thy servant N—— that it may be admitted into that bright place where there is no weeping or mourning." In the liturgy of the Jacobite Copts we have a commemoration of the dead as follows: " Remember O Lord those who have fallen asleep, grant rest to their souls in the bosom of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Lead them to a paradise of delights, to that abode from which sadness, grief, and lamen tation are banished for ever."_ These few extracts are abundantly sufficient to show what are the sentiments and supplications used by the sects separated from us for: the past twelve or thirteen hundred years. It iB therefore beyond all doubt that all the liturgies of the world bear testimony to this truth since the apostolic times, and that those separated communions have recited and still recite prayers for the dead in the celebration of the holy mysteries of the Mass. Now this unanimous concurrence of all Christians, this perfect uniformity of all liturgies necessarily supposes a common origin recognised alike by friends and enemies--by Catholics and Eastern dissen ters-an authority more sacred in the eyes of those sectaries than that of the Church to which they refuse submission-an authority in fine which it is impossible to find any where else than in the teaching of the Apostles. It is therefore to their teaching and that of their divine master to which we must attribute the universal practice of praying for the dead, and the existence of Purgatory or place of purification, which is inseparable, from this belief. Yoxpopuli, vox Dei. SCRIPTURE PROOFS. The holy Tobias makes use of tlio prayer as we read in the third chapter and third verse of the inspired test, " 0 Lord, think of me and take not revenge on my sins nor those of my parents." Here, as clear as language can express it, he prays, not only for himself, but for his departed parents. Now would he have prayed in this manner had he not considered those souls capable of relief? Certainly he knew that if they wer6 in Heaven, there was no longer any necessity for such relief, and if in hell, relief was useless. His prayer, therefore must have been directed on the hypothesis of their being in a state of suffering or Purgatory. Holy Job thus offers up his prayer to the Lord: " Who will grant me this that thou mayest protect me in hell." Surely the protection alluded to cannot be intended for the body smouldering in the grave, it must be for the soul in Purgatory, or hell -as it is translated from the original. Job, so full of the wisdom of God, knew well that a prayer for protection in the hell of the damned would be useless and absurd. Therefore, no other possible meaning can be extracted from this text but a belief in (hpTfcttee °*a mi^1? state, of spring 'F5 ^..Joped for relief or proijectign from thVpxuiishment due to his faults. In the fifteenth Psalm and tenth verse the Eoyal psalmist speaks thus: " Thou wilt not leave my soul in hell." In the eighty-fifth Psalm and thirfcy-fitli verse he makes use of these \yords : " Thou hast delivered my soul out of the lower hell." And in the thirty-3econd chapter of the the book of Deuteronomy and twenty second verse, the Lord, being angry with his people because of their repeated trans gressions, declares that " a fire, kindled in his wrath shall burn even to thelowest hell" "Again, the path of life is above for the wise that he may decline from the lowest hell" (Proverbs chap. 15, ver. 24. Evi dently these expressions of the inspired writers point out the different, states of suffering we contend for without further commentary. . In the book of Wisdom, fourth chapter and seventh verse, we find these words: " But the just man if prevented with death shall be in a place of cooling refreshment (refrigerio)." When he is a just man why does he not go straight to Heaven instead of putting up at a half-way house ? Simply because it was shut against all human souls until the ascension. Therefore his place of rest was neither Heaven nor hell and must bo somewhere between them, which we call Purgatory. In the sixty-fifth Psalm and twelfth verse we find these words : "Wo have passed through fire and water and thou hast brought us out unto a refreshment." Here the Psalmist evidently gives us a picture of souls that had expiated their sins in Purgatory and passed into the inferior paradise of rest unt.l the ascension. In the twenty-fourth chapter and forty fifth verse of the book of Ecclesiasticus, these words occur: "I will penetrate to all the lower parts of the earth and will behold all that sleep and will enlighten- all that hopo in the Lord." Th parts of the earth" surely oannot be the hell of the damned, for there is. no rest for souls to be found there, and not' the slightest possibility of enlightening thom in that region of misery. Their doom is sealed and their hope is turned into endless rage and maddening despair. Hence it can not be the hell of the damned that is meant, neither can- it be Heaven, for ther# is no need of sleep there, nor of being enlight ened, as they see God face to face. Nor have tliey anything to hope for, as all their hopes are fully accomplished. Hence there is, besides Heaven and Hell, a place that can bo penetrated and visited, where souls are capable of being enlightened and their hopes are buoyed up by the prospect of a happy eternity. This book of Ecclesiasticus has always been regarded as most authentic and of the highest authority even by those who refuse to admit of its divine inspiration. Miclieas the prophet, seventh chapter, seventh verse, says, " I will wait for God,, my Saviour, my God will hear me, He will bring me forth into light, I shall behold His justice." Where does lie mean to wait until the coming of his Saviour, for ,he died seven hundred and fifty eight years before Christ ? appeared in the world ?, Surely it is not in N Heaven, for if he were there he could see him face to face without further waiting, and lie would be in the midst of- the most glorious and resplendent light and consequently would not require to be brought forth into light. Where, therefore, was he to wait? Surely nofc in hell, for the holy man had better hopes, he knew that in such an hypothesis lie could not expect to be brought forth into light for out of hell there is no redemption. Therefore there must be some place dis tinct Irom Heaven or hell which we call Purgatory. In the twelvth chapter and 32nd verse of St. I'-J&raw;'s- Gospel it is laid d6wn?that " Whosoever speaketh a word against the son of man it shall be forgiven him, but he that shall speak against the Holy Ghost it shall not be forgivon him, neither in this world nor the world to come." This text shows by the clearest implication that even in the life to; come some sins are forgiven. Since this cannot take place either in Heaven or hell it must therefore happen in Purgatory. ' " God renders to every man according to his works," (Matt. XYI. 27). Now, would it not be unjust to expose to the 'same eternal torments the man simply guilty of an idle word or a jocose lie and the man who commits the most cold- blooded murder? There must therefore be some middle place of temporal punishments for smaller faults, and we call that Purgatory. In next week's issue I shall (d.V.) bring this burning question to a close. It developed itself into much larger proportions than I anticipated.. After,a couple more, notes of the anoient Eoman edifices and Churches, I shall take my departure for Jerusalem. (To be Continued.) 