SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THIS WEEK'S FIXTURES-. MOsnAV -V Ii 0 Queen a Birth- day entries VA TC entries Sandown park entries W) mil mu entries Kilmore entries, Warrnambool Amateur Turf Club general entries Fitzroy entries, Richmond TUESDAY- Mentone races Warrnambool Racing Club meeting first (day Ascot entries W > nsKHUAt - W nrrnambaol Amateur Turf Club races Snndott n i ark to eights Wyndham w eights Ban Ihurat I being 01 lb entries Fitzroy races Ascot weights Fitzroy entries, Jerilderie Jockey Club races TitunsDAif Warrnambool Racing Club meeting second (day Itlluioru general entries Rochester weights Ascot races 1 uiiiAV -Fitzroy races weekly meeting Melbourne -mi On! SATURDAY -Sandown ) neck races Casterton at eight VV urn Ick Farm races South Australian Jockey Club races (first day) Sandhurst Racing. Club weights Inter University boat race, on Parramatta Wife Dot lo and Scott s Cup match Sports Depot matches spoKiiNG Nears Settling over the Maribyrnong meeting will take place to day at the Victorian Club and Bones a 'Tattersall s Club Duke of A one, who coat Mr T H Clark DOO (unions as it yearling scored his first win on Saturday, when, under the minimum in post he managed to get home in that Canterbury Park 11) ing Handicap Duke of York, it will be remembered was one of the horses about whose handicapping by) Mr 1 r 0 ikin Mr Clark complained to the V it C He has been a very disappointing colt He was held by Mr J H Aldridge in South Australia and is by) Chester from Queen of Nations, by Maribyrnong from Ilritnmini (imp ) by Cathedral Now that Duke of 'horse had broken the spell of ill luck which has so long hung over lorn 1 ii) Um a smile, it may be that other horses in the same interest will follow the Dukes ex imple Mr S G Cook find a well deserved turn of luck at Maribyrnong on Saturday when his i at Richmond won a double the Maiden 1 late and J i"ht Hours Handicap In the latter race the colt "and pulled- a little for animate, us Chopstitlc any time beaten him if I lit Friends rider had not used his whip son ride) The Friend! is a full brother to the Uti 1 but up to Saturday had been anything but it mend to his owner The colt cost 85 guineas nan ) earling Mr I 1 Carslake has leased his residence and training stables at Caulfield, known as st Stawell, to Mr S H Gollan, owner of St cutlasses to i In wish only he expressed that the slim ne of quarters may bring a change of luck to Mr Gollan a stable Mr Graham will return to his old residence, ad joining St Sidwell's the running of No Name at Maribyrnong on Saturday and at J Epsom the previous week provided a rather pronounced reversal of tone) In the Hurdle Race at Epsom it was always well up and made a good light in the straight with Duke of Ki at the winner At Maribyrnong how- lit r he never got near the leaders feet accounted for to some extent by his winning ride at the turns and covering more ground than any other horse in the race He finished last in a held of four The stewards held an inquiry into the running of NoNume und d added to mutton the chair, Mr H J n It is I Munro the well known Flemington trainer intends to like a trip to India, and the horses in his charge will in time In trained b) 1 M'Nninnru in getting upon the inside at the straight out race, the rider of King, in the I leave it in Handicap at Maribyrnong on Saturday) interfered with the chance of Cherry) turf as it to us with that of his own mount Ihtrnct went to Guide, who has a very aristocratic pi line for a gallon), being in the Mil bom on Cup winner Mentor from ii Musket mare Motors winner of the Welter Handicap at Canterbury) park, must not be confused with the (grey) colt trained at Flemington The S) Inst horse is a boy, and is b) Julian Mr and front Zephyr I lit only metropolitan racing fixture this afternoon will be at Richmond when one of the usual attractive programmes will be run through 'Hu starting machine will again b used in connection with the pony meet is the usual virtue of special trains and cabs along Flinders street drop passengers at the (put a of the grand stand Messrs Wm C A tulle and Co will offer for sale at Kirk's Jkminr to day), at noon the liner The nicer Lady Wilde, and eight air lings by Swiveller Newminster, Terlinga, -Inrnnibro, downed, Glorious or Grand Bird V rather peculiar accident happened to the will performers up country gelding Qmcl shot at Donald the other day) A ball was hung administered to him?, and for this purpose his tongue was granted by an attendant Jin horse suddenly reared and his teeth went through his tongue, letty ing about six inches of it in the ut residents hall On Saturday) morning, our correspondents informs us, Quid shot waste ling all right Sterling who was a pretty fair performer in catamaran won the Canterbury park Hurdle Race on Saturday, the Tasmanian horseman G haw having the mount Hurt is however, a protest pending against Star line, on the ground that he has can not at registered meetings in Victoria A number of metropolitan racing people are leaving Melbourne today for Warrnambool when the Warrnambool lincnigClub at all hold its time it steeplechase meeting on IniHiliit and Thursday The Amateur Club will bring off its fixture on Wednesday Though he iirrnatuhool nice work is not now regarded in sporting circles with nothing but the interest it was a few years ago, there are still a number of people who make a point of assisting in it Many a good jumper has been unearthed in the fixture TI e next meeting at Caulfield will take place on Saturday May) 5 and others are asked to nominate a till Mr Harris billiard, the secretary) to-day at the V ATC office The following is the programme arranged -Two-year-old Han Heap of lOUsovo The furlongs Handicap Hurdle Race of IK) spots., about one mile and a half Glenhuntly) Handicap of MU LOIS one mile and a furlong Handicap Steeple eli son of 130 son. about nine miles Selling, Race of 10-1 shots, (in a donga, and Welter Handicap of four sat H Sis furlongs II tries for the ttynilhatit meeting to be ridden Wed clay Mut 2 disclose this afternoon at the VRC office or with Mr W Wall the secretary) at de Merrall co Hole! the rollo tin), are the new ones arranged -Trial Stakes of 20 seats, for horses He late of non an advertised race of more than he sets me (furlongs Handicap Hurdle Race of 150 soil about one mile and a li ii! Welter Handicap of J tins seven furlongs Selling Handicap of DU acts the furlongs V earl! co park Handicap of ru sons one mile Time Handicap Trot of Losers (the King of Captain Chirnside) Ino miles In connection with the King Oro Hibernian races to be I did on May 4 Entries for the Hurdle Ham Italian lan Handicap Steeplechase am! 1 shillings' lure till close with Mr M Hogan the hon secretary, at the Railway Hotel Kilmore tills evenly 1 rifles will close this evening. at the limit Club stn! Its 1 Udo Collins street for the Fitzroy races to be I action Wednesday The presentment includes handle in first race for horses (four furlongs) out! Uto cents for (copies of the show Ing heights viz-II I am four furlongs 13 in a four further gs, 1" I a ice Richard,- 11 1 and li hands, three furlongs, and a 1 He U hands selling race The VUO (Queens Birthday Meeting till! he 1 caught under an idle to day to 1 cu guides in 111 close as follow i sHan line Hurdle Race of 300 seats., the li dies and a half Itotul Han Heap of 200 sons six laden s Handicap Steeplechase of 500 sons the Duke and a half Birthday) Handicap of iron pots of exile and a half and re-union lliindlo-tp, of it- is five furlongs and a half The nomination c of each event Isonegotertljru Noi buttons for the Sandon ii park nicotine; to be let! us -turn) April 28 at all of use it He) don's It course Akenov to time The programme or in 11 Is as follow s -I ling handicaps of If soda tic furlongs Hurdle Race a landscapes IO seats, i c filly mile four furlongs Spilngtale Helier Hu The p o l lost. six furlongs upon Steeple 1 you headkeeper fO sets, about the miles k In g rate of 100 sets five furlongs and in! repair Handicap of K) sons one mile) and a quarter final entries for the Warrnambool Amateur Turf Club Ikal, Lim close this evening with Mr J H Allan the hon. secretary RICHMOND RACE S TODAY (MONDAY, APRIL 23) GRAND STANI)~~TME SHillINGS Course in of Shillings TlioStnrllngMncTiliiotilllloUscil Special trains and cars along rifle Itisstictt direct to the gates inn, ski PHOaitAVIMI 14 MINE IIINWIAI I exiles 1" 0 a to Thm (in longs (To Start at half East 2) lord finds like h II Doyle 7 4 Olio 7 2 While 7 0 Mghtlngalo 0 U In, order 7 i I VIOI1D1AII00 HANDICAP Ponies 122 au four furlongs Mollie Nolan Dargin 8 (1 Ia gb n Italian 7-12 In 7 As I Idle Nell 7 To little KOSH ! Feutrill) Uno Lady lies AUCTIONEER IMS Ponies 12 1 n t I'll see furlongs. "He 8 I I Elliot To thing Do 11 8 11 late Jim Bonomi 7 (j I TIME HAMELIN 116 for horses Ino miles Pelly . Hcrtitchl Se 2 Richard Finally I said, 1) KC) Hlocltrnp Blnrllglit CUP IhNIIASI HANDICAP Ponto 13 0 to 6 Four furlongs and a half Hnnshoe 0 0 I Louie 7 ! Queenie 8 O Mabel 7 t Surprise 7 13 Island 7 1! Klsbnr 7 0 ] Mufti O 5 RICHMOND) HANDICAP Ponies 13 3 n in Four furlongs and a half (To start at ID minutes past 5 ) Avon lass 0 10 I Fact 7 4 Tatti Mohr 010 Sultana . 7 of olly . 8 11 \ Island 7 : Take In a six killarney II Of "-> 7 TO Llslo 0 ', at 7 j I DONCASTER RACES POSTPONED, On Account of Wet Weather, Until NI AT SATURDAY; 28th APRIL THIS DAY, Hon Sec MARIBYRNONG RACES SATURDAY, APRIL 21 After a wet morning a line afternoon was experienced for the Maribyrnong meeting on Saturday, but the weather was HO unsettled that the attendance was affected, only a fair assemblage of people being present The running truck was heavy but luckily the main panned off without mishap The stewards held an inquiry into the auspicious riding on Mr H 1 others on No Name in the Hurdle Race and decided! that the usual caution would meet the case Details - MAIDEN PLATE, Of 35 Sovs second 10 sovs Special weights. Five furlongs J 0 Cooks bro- The friend by Richmond Camellia yrs 7 1000 Moore) 1 VA little she, March 3 yrs 7 r , carried 7 7 (0 Earl our) 2 V 1 Tillman 8 I I Rompllltr Girl J JW 7 8 (T Shrimpton) 3 The other starters w ere Artful I yrs 712 (S firme) Dookie 4 a m, 7 5 carried 7 10 (0 Moore) KIO yrs 7 5 carried 77 (T Wo ithorall) and M utter If Humphrey, by a 8.6 carried U 16 (0 Wilton) Hotline. - li to 2 on The Friend 7 to 1 agst Romp Int. Girl li to 1 first March 10 To 1 agst others. March led to the turn where The I men 1 passed him and won easily by three lengths seven let (His between second and third Doo) To fourth Master Humphrey fifth and Artful lost Time, little SJsoc HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of ft) sovs. second 10 Sovs One mile and a half S Orllllthssbre Sweep by The Wandering Jew boot Ojrs lusty Harbour) 1 0 Youiu/sbgJnko SjrsllitJ Gardner) 2 A llayes8bl),Sclocit>,r j's It is (John Hayes) I am other starter was No Name, sired, 100 (Mr B under) licking - r to 4 on Take 3 or agst Sweep Oval (a' close li to 4) next, No Name Sweep led all the way and won easily by two lengths a bad third! Time 3min 4sec HOSEHt HANDleVl, Of 60 Sovs ; second 10 Sovs Five furlongs and a quarter F Musgrave car in Allurement by Chatterer Iciiiiitalloii rivers 711 IT Uarbv) 1 S Onliltliss the 1 milestone sire 7 2 (8. Kell)) - S A Allan's Is j, Barefoot aged 8.10 T Saunders) J The other starters were May Day 6 yrs 8 M (J Johnston) bacall plus Gyre 1 (O Moore) Gold mills are 7000 I Thompson) facto, J jun "4 (T Harris ton) Street aged 7 000 Mobbs) and Snucjity (late Norman) aged 0 1260 penned). Betting, -7 to 2 nest 1 eucalyptus 6 to 1 each agst II barefoot and Allurement 7 to t each agst Ginger and May Day, 3 to 1 agst Natighlj, 10 to 1 each agst JoMstnitli and Pitunocstonc üolttautitlt was first away but was soon passed by Allurement who was never afterwards headed eventually uluniiigcasllj by three lengths a letter and a half between second and third Nnughtj fourth Mnv lady and Eucalyptus near horn broke last. little lOJsec RECREATION HANDICAP, Of 35sec second, losers for poules II 1 hands and under Five furlongs and a half 1 Ilajcss b o Guide 2 yrs off, by Mentor Faucj 1 roo (John Hayes) 1 Jas Mue s br g bacon 4 v rs 0 . (W Wisby) 2 0 S kills, s lil in Cherry Girl, U are, 8.10 C Weatherill) 3 The other starters were-Champs rivers 4 yrs 81i(t articles) Mist 3 yrs of 12th Martin), and T Scanlan 3 yrs 6 7 it Shrimpton) netting -elevens Rams 2 15 1 agst Guide is to 1 passed her and won by half a length from Kiama with Cherry Girl a fair third, beginning fourth and Mint lost, Till final race SlftlVQ MATRA, Of 80 sovs. five furlongs. Powers b o D gone by New minster-Sea Star 4yrs 79 Lit (I. lower) 1 S O Allen's ch g Barefoot aged 7 I) £25 (T Darby) 1 Mrs J Kings bri, l-usco(iatc Rapid Uro) 4 5 yrs, 7 7 till (J Carson) S Uctth g -6 to 4 agst Barefoot, 2 to 1 agst Fusee 5 to 2 next Diogenes Barefoot he] 1 a good lead into the straight but in the run 1 one was passed I by Diogenes who won easily by lialfalciu,t!i a moderate third! Time train Siseo, The winner was bought in for 1-5 sovs Kima nouns itvMHOAr, Of 20 sons second 10 sovs Eight furlongs. R O CooksbroTliolriend to ra 6000 May bin) E F Powers h or br t, Chopsllck 6 yrs 7 8 (b. Power) 2 A IiajesubrmUroiin Bess aged 0 1067 Shrimpton 3 The other starters were John S aged as (II 0 Davies) Lady Nelson 4 yrs 7 0 carrie I 7 I (f 0 Jobson) Mirabilis. 0 yrs 013 (S. Bell)) and Ada Wilton 4 yrs, 68ft I Thompson). Betting -5 to 2 each agst The of rich 1 and Chop Buck 7 to 1 agst lady Nelson i 8 to 1 each agst Mira bills and John S in lo I must Drown Hess. Ada V union had for a couple of furlongs when she was passed) by train Hess John S suit The friend who made the running, along the back in tbatotdcr As they turned for home. The J, Men ! took command and stalling off the run by the stick won by a length and a half two lei talks between second and third John S fourth and the other three together behind third) Time 1min 48sec MINERS' 1 Vnv CLUB RACES 11\LLARAT,1IIIDAY The April meeting of the above club was held this afternoon on the Miners' course The weather was beautiful, but the course was a trifle heavy after the recent rains Mr R S Foley was the judge, Mr V Newton the starter and Mr R Carver timekeeper The following were the results - TRIAL. IIVSIIKAI, of 10 sovs About six furlongs. Mr J M Lavan star g All ion 4 yrs 3.0 (owner) 1 Mr A Carruth her or other, still 71. (Downey) 2 Mr F Goddard's li g Take All 5 yrs 90) (Willis) 3. Other starters The Wait, Melioratl Dulce A Solomon owner of Williams, was lined if for late scratching, Petting go to 4 agst Duke of to 2 Best V Igor 0 To 1 agst Tal e AU and Albion 6 to 4 acres Mcllorutl IIAMICAI Humus RACE of 15 shots About one n He and a I air- Mr A Munroe b g Norman aged 0 7 (Simpson) Mr S Walker's I re. little oted 10 1.0 Coleman) . Mr C H Morris b h lan saloon U yrs 0 1 (Kelrsc) other »curlers-Orm nature Raven Russians, All mills Calvi ood Archie Belling- J tot agst Norman and Raven is in 1 agst Hat her Archie and Pantaloon riTKlt FAMILY of 40 SOVS. About five furlongs and a half islanders his freedom is aged 8.0 (Glynn) 1 J Scobie's eli or he. Lochs J Mrs 11.10 (Murphy) J A verandahs b or br c, V her aged -1 (Downe)) J Ollier a toners -Tyrconnell Muscovite former Dearest might handed Sir William than I Treason Hcttlnc,-Lion money Ijrtonncll el to 1 all Freedom II and or 7 to 1 aged Plight Al for, HAMILL of (J Sovs One mile and a distance - J Robinson s I r (, Mention aged 7 H (I lil (lowan) 1 J Allen Icrs br m Olive aged 0 7 (Pearson) 2 J I finally l lit Oriel aged 8.4 (Downer) 3 Tempest late Mrs. Maybrick also started Pettit (at) to 1 agst Temi est J to 1 agst Oriel and Mention 4 to 1 agst Mrs May brick IIAMICAI low sum of 6 Sovs About four for oneself ItocLltig'scb uTramp 4 yrs 75(Glttlngs) 1 It Urah s b m Ituhv.ugcd 105 (Tolson) 2 0 Harness eh m Kathleen 5 yrs 712 (Orr) J. Other starters Lilla Maud Pitaron, Terra, an t Claim) Betting -4 to 4 on Tramp 3 to 1 agst Kathleen ft to 1 agst Hill v BEACH irrfiTAKKs of 10 sovs. About seven furlongs -0 Shelton's br g Louslm asked 111) (owner) J J Robinson s h e Mention is gas or air I, left (Mr J 0 Altlcck) D Charleson s b g I rises n v rs 15 6 (owner) Other Starters Minor, Dearest, 1 freedom li Bellingen to 4 next Mention 1 to 1 ogs: 1 Section II, 3 to I acts 1 place 6 to 1 agst I e'C(,lns. ALU N DA Lil RACES. ALTÜAIr., SATURDAY A race meeting under the auspices of the 1 yacht Hours Demonstration Committee wits lit Id in the Ristori park to till) 'the at tendance was excellent and the fields large The weather in the forenoon was very un fu von in hit, but it cleared up during the afternoon Results - MAU evi IATI" Six furlongs - Seagull 8 1" (Wooster) 1, Oornoal 8 7 (Davis) 2 -shields 8.0 (Clciincll) The other starters were rule Vial I Rosalie Cheap Beer Henry Gordon River Mun lor and Conjecture Uellln. -- lo I nest nor I to 1 agst be sent June lines least HAM it it Hum CK HACK One mile and a half Pautiloon I) 11 (hearse) 1 Norman OF (Miss so School] Ki 1 The other starters were-Oh My llii/Kir 11 club a big (dance Diamond Grain Ilcttlne-Lven Norman 4 to 1 agst 1 pantaloon Oh My in 11 crimps tell lime train Jsen II VM lead lost Rvcit 11 ten Four furlongs. Kellviiioiiut 12 1860 inn) 1 Buckeye Miller son) . Drama "7 (Orr) J The other planets were -Governor Mousoj Hut v South lily 1 alry Dolly Tessa and Clan Clarke Kettle. 0 to 4 agst hill) mount I In 1 each nest Lily till I Puckett c The favourite won I j harshest half a length between second I and third Time 59sec. M UM At HAM le vi One mile and a-quarter - Black replied 83 (birds) 1 lake All lit. (Dovvnov) Iriso 8 4 (t oriel!) t The other starters were ill 1911 of the Isles Never Um fell and brother Keith g -. To 1 nest Lord of the Isles 1 to 1 next lake VII A very close llnUm June, Hall 2-5sec SELLING HAD AlotitsW of clothes- Brown lee Shulman) 1 Rash of 1 lil at his. sr (111 lords) woollen starter v near Iv Mirltie VV irrlor minus Tie (Red milled i I by 19 nee Mollie e -I verily minim to 1 mast The Ulm fine lulu bate DISTANT! HANDHAI Ti 01 Three is His - Count 100 yards (He smiled) I I h ple W v u Is (One of) . Cream B rush I the b r starters were back the ill) per dish Pine Hill 1 North 1 olly Nil Nil able 11 I lengthly letter u -' vine stocks), 1 To 1 agst Hi) 11 fertile little. He II in uvoftnlotii.» thereafter went Hall r II The filly, i le Dill Partners Mrs Mivliltk Vlllmr hot Corn I M must) not Tie (Ihn Hi i i i s i in It til lk i I Ho In lo declared It to lan II i ate al Is I 11 1 to at the i-itcoshotil 1 le III one day on Mon] If lemon CAN is HHUIU l'Alllv. KAU b SWIM \,<5\iuiii»AV 'Urn Canterbury-park April uniting was held to clay In line via title r The track was in good order r, and the title advance up to the strike i ha feature of the meeting was the number of protests lodged in the Hurdle Race an objection was lodged against Ster ling on the ground that he had run at unregistered meetings in Victoria and con Federation was deferred until Monday Gray a starting apparatus with must at thesis, furlongs post and while the horses were at the cost for the Park Stakes the machine being imperfect!) fixed the burner was not up, and the horses started Most of them pulled up in the first couple of furlongs but Avonmore Mirror Mnrsdin und Mistake kept going unfinished in that order. The starter declared that it was no race and the event was run over again Cornet winning On returning to stone the owner of Avonmore lodged a pro testngninBt the race being awarded to Cornet which on consideration was dismissal, but notice of appeal to the A TC was given An objection was also entered by the owner of Cadet against Queensborough for interference in the straight in the Canterbury Handle up but it was afterwards withdrawn Ki suits - Ilunnt) RACE A handicap of costs T to miles -Sterling b) Tech I aged 19 i (O Law jun ) 1 Rushlight Ii or 6 yrs 117 (Pimm!,) 2 Bingera s ) ra II 0 carried 9 7 (Began) 3 Six started Betting - (1 to 4 agst Coats 4 to 1 exchanges Kusluight and Lu cort r tor agst btorllnD s to 1 agst Marksman Won by a length half a length between second and third! Time (min 30sec. Ilusa llAsmtAC of GO sets second 10 sovs Su furlong Duke of York by Chester-Queen of Nature is 2 yrs 6 7 (dickman) 1 Brown and Gold 0 Miss 710( Moran) 2 Thespian "yrs 7 10(MCarth)) 1 fifteen started Betting -4 to 1 agst Habel 5 to last Attains 8 to 1 each agst Prit nee Still Duke of York Thespian and Brown and Gold 10 to 1 agst others Won by a length and a quarter half a length between second and third. Time 1min 18sec, PAUK STARTS A handicap of re seats Six furlongs. -Cornet by Bandmaster-Canary, G ym 7 76 Tierney) 1 Bands In ii ) rs 8.0 (Cooper) 2 I loness, 4 yrs 6 7 (Wallaby), I is only one starter I Betting -4 to 4 next The Ocean (I to 1 astral line 10 to 1 agst Mirror 1 to 1 each Agst Highborn II Cornet Gloom and Marsden Won by two lengths same between second and third Time 1min 18sec OASTBIUURI HANDICAP- of 100 Sovs second 20 sovs. One mile and a quarter - Queensborough by Kingsborough-lou dArtifice 4 yrs 7 7 (K Ken rode) 1 Cadet first 7 McMorran) v Kinkora age! 8 1 (1 I lost her) 3 Seven started blotting - 5 to 2 each agst Queensborough am! Kinkora r to 1 agst Cadet 0 to 1 agst Culgoa 7 to 1 agst Bendigo KI to 1 agst others Won by) a length a neck between second and third Time 2min 10sec SELLING HACK, of a) Sovs Six furlongs and 50 yards.- stronger by Arrester Lorraine aged 0.12 (Luckman) 1 The Hoe 0 ) rs 0 IS (Dunston) 2 Gloom, 4) at 7 0 (Solomon) J tour started Betting -2 to 4 on The Bee 7 to 4 agst Avenger 7 to 1 Gloom won by a neck , a head between second and third Time, 4min 27sec There Inner ivan bought in for 9-5 VV-tTTO HANDICAP of 60 Sovs second 10 Sovs One mile and 100 yards - Moscow, by Julian Avenel - Zeph) r, aged 8.5 (Scott ) 1 , Cradle, 3 yrs, 83 (W Cohn) 2 , Charlotte Urara 5 or 6 v ITS 0 0 (Jas Gough) 1 Sixteen started Betting -2 to 4 carat Charlotte Urara 7 to I each agst The Corsair and The Driller 10 To 1 each agst Lioness Vfoacon and llis-iuincncc 12 to 1 each agst Oliver Itosstellnn and Whirlwind Won by a head half a length between second and third Time links &4_>c HIs SINGULAR RACING Dobrigh- AT -tLIHIlt. ALBURY, SATURDAY The singular racing dispute niently reported in the Aram has been settled by the A J C holding that it is competent for the Albury Club to inquire into the charge of foul riding preferred against Swan in connection with the result Han die up at the annual meeting in that race Mr J J M'Grade's b m Camilla collided with a post, and was so badly injured that she had to be destroyed Her rider (Hoy sted) did not return to scale for CO minutes afterwards and he could not weigh in then us the officials had not lift the course On returning to Wagga, however Ifojstcd wrote to the A It C complaining of foul riding on the part of Swim, who had the mount on the) winner, llitknmorii, but the committee declined to hold an inquiry, as rule it says that all complaints must be lodged before the jockey weighs in It tina then pointed out that the jockey had not yet weighed in, and the AJC was appealed to for an interpretation of rule lad, and they have decided thrown inquiry may be held in Swan punished, if guilty but that the result of the rate cannot e affected in any way the A L has also upheld the appeal of Mr S P How 1er, owner of Happy who won the A li C Ladies Bracelet, but was disqualified and the race awarded to Menangle, on the ground that Happy. s rider was not a member of any racing club As this decision was arrived at before all the evidence This kind before the A I C that body has been asked to give the special reasons for sustaining the appeal CKICKRI NOTT b ON SATURDAY'S GAMES Iir ODSHmm. Had the weather not been quite so bad on Saturday the cricket season might have been brought to a close As it is it will linger on in scraps and patches to the end of the week. "Suppose," suggests the man who is fond of discovering technicalities, that Lost MR. bourne and St Kilda are unable to finish their first innings in the half hour or so available for play) each day of the week, what then' Well, then, the) play every after noon of the week, and, of the) be not finished by) Friday, the pennant committee have the right to say) how, where and when the match s had I be finished 'there need be no fear of a " dead lock At North Melbourne there was only a couple of hours play, and this of a by no means exciting character, but the interest in the issue was manifested by a large attend- ance-the bulk of whom farm I lane), buoyed with the hope that East Melbourne would be mowed down on a sticky wicket and the superiority of the North triumphantly asserting The wicket was, however, a bit too wet, and the North-from whose team Houston, owing to a death in his family), was absent decided to put on more runs The last five vt takes only got OS, shown over, the in mugs closing for 105 Geo Stuckey) mailed? in very good style, although he started by hitting bit reckless) until he found that the wicket was not so bad as anticipated You carried out his bat for 21, but was twice missed by Letcher in the silos-smart one handed chances, but they came to his left hand in each instance and so should have been held limit was entirely off, and added nothing to his 106 of the previous Saturday) He confessed, on coming out, that he never got a fair sight of nil) of tin six bulls bott ltd to him, and playing blindly at the last one was caught by Laver at point, low down M'Michael made a fine cattle during the innings he slipped back in the act of taking the ball, and by a second effort and a long reach forward just held the ball on the lips of his fingers) The position of the umpires in this match has been by no means a pleasant one. At the last meeting of the association a North Melbourne delegate naked on what pi maple they were appointed, and the chairman of the committee curtly) and I think correctly, answer d, On what the committee considered the best principle The Northern objection was I understand, that one of the umpire s had at one time kept a gate for 1 not Mr Melbourne though it is a poor estimate of humanity to assume that this must necessary) make him dishonest Aa 1 nat Melbourne grumbled fifth murder of a couple of Ina di cisions I assume there isn't much basis for the implied charge of partiality) On Saturday) it Inn the umpires decided that the ground was fit for play) they where rains buthittron when the) ignition appin! From 1 ust Melbourne that the light was too but 1 to continue play) then became culprits again 1 be gin to think that the umpire who pleases umber suit is a fair man It is ill future) not improve the competency or fairness of Binnum umpires if good cricketers are perpetually) sitting at lind endeavouring to direct fit them. There winsome vii) final) things and in the North a serve it in a tin stumps were drawn on Saturday) such us the by no means vthiHnered charges that the umpires were con sub ring only their nun lies and had been a lUnrid b) last Mell ourne Idontlora moment in an that plants or number of the North will arrive club side cornered in tins Hit) not anxious to go on Who in their Disdain would not But that took what tiny mu) lune consul red in bit of bad luck with till 11 st grim It is wonderful how in Tel) the impression lins gains! ground that late North, and t specially 'IK In captain um always be king torn point My experience is that they play a dam and must) gunn When rival captains try to It too clever with Houston the) in irish!) get the worst of it Though it is in e use captain It is not quite the suit in both grant me HO mind) people assume, but it is emphatically) one of the fairest and most stiortamuulilti trickster pitt) tug the game Unit vi iv I know is held I) most cricketers whose good opinion in worth ginning' A hint for on the pin) The I but had had luck in le Hing Cartt byu run out for he has I can batting miners and!) mill this year I la r bowling au rags H use of coal HI, not much to look at, but Letcher with four for ( iioiniB out you) will Trott's five rinks to cost him He runs and 1!O)1CH (innings, hitherto about the bird in pennant cracks it is riilHid from I) 00 to If (the pair meet Man) then set pi ist that he did not come oil on the wit wicket on Saturday but it was it bit too with for lfo)li)n tests The wet weather r just suited Melbourne when Melbourne 1) reason of tin In misuse of a good batting pitch, did not (Using Balta lion Although I arrant brought his score of 55 up to 90, and was the last man out, with only one chance against him, no one gave him any material help, and with a man absent the South fell short of their opponents' score by 31 runs. It M'Leod. took seven of their wickets for 59'), and his success was a curious illustration of the lack of cricket In his first over ' Bob" bowled a couple of shocking!) loose ones to leg, and concluding that he was out of gear asked Ross to take him oh". As his brother got a wicket at the other end Ross decided to give him another over, and that one clear!) demonstrated that so far from being out of sorts he was in a deadly mood, that the wicket was really a bad one was shown by the fact that in the second innings Melbourne had lost we wickets for 15nina, and it was only some plucky hitting i iv Ross that made things look a out better by the time the sixth wicket fell and stumps were drawn All the Melbourne men, it should be paid, speak in the highest terms of 'currants fine innings in this match. Lest it should be thought that Walters was offered up to sacrifice on Saturdays connection with the W illitiuison and Musgrove trophy and that Bruce wasn't, I may say that Waiters with an ax Geroge of W had not the ghost of a chance of winning it, and that Bruce, although he did not pioneer as usual, find the linda on for half an hour, but the stand made by Rosa rendered it unnecessary for him to go in Lttlter Bruce or Laver must now win the trophy, and Lavers chance, I should say, depends greatly on whether the Lost lose their first five wickets cheaply or make a show of scoring heavily. In the latter case they may sacrifice the individual honour for the chance of a pennant It was a very short afternoon with the juniors too, but quite long enough to make Coburg miserable 'Uley sacrificed seven additional wickets for 64 runs, and once again look like being beaten Of course after the match Coburg followers were not slow to any that the umpires had made a serious mistake in permitting play-but I would take 1 Ij an opinion on such matters in preference to a ground full of men whose side may have suffered by it. If cricket were possible on the turf at Melbourne, North Melbourne, and Essendon it must have been possible on matting, which is less seriously tilTc'i ted by wet weather It was hard luck for Coburg to have to bat on such a pitch after the fine pull up, but that's all in the game, and it would appear that Coburg are at their weakest on a. slow wicket Hyde added only two more to his score, and the leg glance oil which he was caught with a weak one, while Mailer was beaten in pace by one of those bulls from Taylor which come fast off the pitch W Grady a catch of Murray was a very fine one Considering that the gates could not be opened until late in the they the attendance wits surprisingly good, the takings being Gobs , or overalls) thus far for the match The University and St Kilda made no attempt to pin) and, though Richmond and Essendon went on, Tsaindon in the changed circumstances, and with several men absent, never had a chance, and were beaten by an innings and 173 runs. In those cases where the first innings seven unfinished teams will require to continue at a quarter to 9 each evening, which, with the usual quarter of an hours grace and stumps drawn at half-past 5, means half an hour's cricket per day. The battle for the badges between the second elevens is all contusion Upon the figures supplied by Mr Heather, Major Wardill made out that his second eleven had a point and a fraction the best of the percentages but Mr Heather must have arrived at a different conclusion, for after one ball had been bowled on Saturday his team closed their innings, losing the match, but it is churned winning the badges on the percent- age system, as the two teams are even in matches lost and won I'ssentlon second easily won their match against Richmond, and their batting average is 18 and their bowling average 111, so that without the fractions their percentage is roughly 232 I don't know whether the University can beat that EAST MELBOURNE V. NORTH MELBOURNE. This match was continued on Saturday Scores . NORTH MELBOURNE FIRST Ptsitas J Carlton, c Costello, b Trott 0 11 Stuckey, st Harry, b I etcher . 141 li Maplestone, a Carter, b Letcher . 40 J Drape, b Harry ... 42 R Houston, b Trott 20 K Bean, c Laver, b Trott ... Ion G Stuckey, c M'Michael, b Trott 2.. 7 T Fox, not out, t.23 li F Steel, b Letcher 0 James Howlett, c Costello, b Trott ,. 6 John Howlett, st Lewis, b 1 etcher 10 By les, 12 leg byes, 5 wide, 1 . a.22 Total .... . 401 Eovaivxi Analysis- A. E. Trott, 36 balls, 15 runs, 14 maidens, 5 wickets; H F Boyle, 222 balls, 16 runs, 6 maidens F. Laver, 00 balls, 40 runs, 4 maidens, C I etcher, 202 balls, 26 runs, 9) maidens, 4 wickets; 1' Costello, 72 balls, 14 runs, 4 maidens; J Harry, 48 balls, 21 runs, 2'nialdcng, I wicket. A b Carter, 18 balls, U runs; P. Lewis, 30 balls, 25 runs. EAST MELBOURNE. HOST owner, A S Carter, run out 4 b. M'Michael. not out 19 J Harris, not out Leg byes, 2, wides, 12 One wicket for 17 MOO V. S MOO. This match was concluded on Saturday. Scores '< MUG. First Innings .... 213 ircoMi INMNOS Vt offers, c Rains, b Kemp Trumble, c Kemp, b Over It M'Leod c Kemp, b Over .... S l'crvtuati, c Rains, b Over It Mr can, st Hains, b Kemp 2... 2 Six wickets for 48 SOUTH MELBOURNE. BEST IIMItOS Tarrant, b It M'Leod , 00 Bowman of Port man, by Roche , 20 I! Trott, c Bruce, b 0 M'Leod . 30 Giller, c Every man, I R M'Leod 1 Rains, of Roche, b H M'Leod ., , 1 Morris, hit M'Leod 0 Elms, c Thomson, b R. M'Leod J. J W. Over, his M'Leod 0 Ingleton, oLdwards(sub), bR. M'Leod 4 hemp, not out ... 1 Treadway, absent Sundries 21 THE JUNIOR CUP. The match between Hawksburn and Coburg for the Junior cup was continued on Saturday. The scores now stand - HAWKSBURN First Innings.SeO COBURG First Innings .... .... 142 ? KOOMI INMSas Warwick, o M'Donald, b Wallace 10 Irwin, off Hush,bJones.HO Hyde, a O Connor, 19 Wallace .. 104 D Maher. is Vlnlluco . 1 Murray, c O'Grady b E. Rush 17 Robertson, b E. Rush 14 Wauchope rumours R, Mailer, b Tailors' Patterson, not out McInnes, not out Sundries 33 Light wickets for 312 M C C v. South Melbourne Second Rovers (Pennant) This match was brought to a close on Saturday, South requiring 164 runs to save a one innings defeat Melbourne took: the field at a quarter past 2 p m sharp, but after one ball had been bowled South Melbourne abandoned the match, in order to keep their average as high as possible, each team sustaining one defeat during the season The premiership, therefore, goes to the team having the highest average per wicket East Melbourne v. North Melbourne (Second Elevens) - Hill match was not continued on Saturday, owing to the wicket at East Melbourne l owing unfit for play North Melbourne won on the first Innings by six runs University) v. Williamstown (second I lev ens) - This match was concluded on Saturday Scores - Unlversity, 135 (W mills 42, It Meares R, B Green 36 not out and one wicket for 41) VVllllatiiitowu, 174 (Drew 'J',. R ft four for 17, M'Uonall not out 20, li Green not out I.) University thus won by 12 runs on the first Innings. 1 mention v Richmond (Second I lev ens)- Scores -1 sending, 20, Richmond 67 and 141 reo wickets for 11 (inningstliclami closed) Essendon won by a. Shillings and 115 nun, 1 Essendon now have to compare averages with University to decide which team becomes winner of the second eleven pennant in the B section Northcote v Hawksburn Second (Sports Depot Trophy ) Scores -Norths ole, nine we tickets for 172 Newman's Kyneton v Castlemaine Teams from Clio Junior associations of these districts plated a rainfall at Castlemaine on Saturday Kyneton won, the scores being Kyneton, 102 , Castlemaine,00 CRICKET IN ADELAIDE ADELAIDE, SiMiAV The wickets at the Adelaide and Ivenslnetnii Ovals were in a wretched state for cricket yesterday On the Adelaide Oval the North Adelaide scored 22' ' then put the Norwoods out for him These Adelaide closed their itttiine.sut 151 for night wickets, nine put in Hindmarsh who lost six wickets for 42 At the Kensington Oval the Austral increased their fire to 175 Their opponents (the Port Adelaide) could only score 21 myers securing the remarkable bowling average of the lit wickets for 9 runs 1 OOTHA M,. RUO Hi RULES. Printers under these rules opened the season on Saturday in a manner which will not soon be for gotten by those who accepted Mr A L Lewis is an illusion This gentleman Invited all connected with the game to celebrate the opening of the season at lilsnsldenec an (ankle lil Despite the Uirevituiiiig weather a large number rolled up, and after lunch a move was made to one of the IIOSI'H paddocks where sides were thoroughy Diamond and Heck Ttinlaittrs tram were beaten by 17 points to s, mainly owing to the line passing of the opposing backs BOWLING. SOUTH Mr MURN: CLUB. A very enjoyable afternoon was spent at the South Melbourne green on Saturday) just the members of the Victorian Bowling Association having been invited to represent to celebrate the winning of the shield and pennant by the South Melbourne Club The pennant was unfurled by the senior vice-president of the association, Mr Hunter, amidst cheers and Several complimentary speeches were made Carlton v the bankers -This match was start ed at Carlton on Saturday ItcKuIt. - Kink 4-51 Donald, Poro T Cool by Cook (captain) R V Corbett A Cue mill. I "d (claim) U Kirk '-Coolah, Stacey Heim Sutherland (captain) SI y Miller, Sands Ucgft Gillett (captain) 16 Rink 0- Cooper, Donaldson (Gardiner lying (captain) 28 v Ultimo her tow for Geraldton I was (captain) 35 Kirk? -Fisher Ugdon Innes Hood (captain), 27 % Hackett Paterson Forster M Laren (captain), 20 Totals Carlton 10. H in lo nr 7t HeiuIiiKtou t institution at b Flemington Scores -Hemim-ton-Rink No Holmes Wyatt Sutton, Proutt (captain) 18 No Blackwell Norris Millar l_anLrId_,o (captain) SO AS 8 Durham Clad in Debney Cross (captain) 17 Total "0 Essendon -Rink No 4 - Mauri rr I eith Young, Taylor (captain) 29 No 2 Cornwell Maher Cant Morgan (captain) U No S-Hannigan fishes Noire to sizes (c captain) 19 total, 67 Majority) for reinsertion 13 points TrANDIUI-L Despite the weather on Saturday last BOITIO really good caines of the above w ere played before a I write number of spectators at Poppelton a Carlton Court I again street Keenan and Clean played Henderson and Ann and aftra very gallant. the match resulted in favour of the former I y a few acres Le y don he. it Ournou after a zoo I AMY? The contest for the two gold trophies. whereby Mr 1 Poppelton will commence on Saturday next YACHTING ST KILDA YtOlITOLUR The St Kilda Yacht Club held their last race for the season on Saturday afternoon for a trophy prox sented by Mr M Mullen LKOS and second and third prizes (given by the club The state in were Starlight min -5sec Glyde 1 min 25sec Zenobia from Camilla, Orion and Genesta, 7min The yachts were sent away before a single reef southerly breeze to a fairly good start the order crossing (the line beat: Starlight Genesta, Zenobia Cn mills, Clyde and I'll i ill On the mu down to the north but) the Genesta a spinnaker came to grief The Camilla was the first to round the north buoy, followed by the Zenobia Starlight Ch le GenMta and Hilda On the rea eli to the next but the S Carli), he took the lead and led the others around I the S W 1 so The order passing the pier for the first round for "-Starlight Clyde Mills Camilla Zenobia and Genesta On completing the first round the Genesta retired The last three yachts kept well together during, this year in and during the second the Uli He went to the front, and led to an inch of the race The Starlight and Clyde kept very close to her and made on txutniL finish The Star in, he 1 c ii-' within her time allowance wins the trophy) and the Linda and Clyde Fenton the second and third prizes res) either The Zenobia retired after the second round The wind freshened up cong length after the first round and raised a rather rough sea. Note Ithstamllirç, the unpropitious weather a fairly large assemblage watched the race and the li. s boat Victor) was well patronised during the contest Messrs Thomas, Todd, and Cowell were officials for the afternoon ROWING THE INTERCOLONIAL KOW ING CONTESTS SYDNEY. SUNDAY The New South Wales intercolonial eight-oar crew did practice work on the Parramatta River yesterday afternoon and were seated as follows Gould. in" bow Williams, 2 Keenan, J, Aldworth 4, Ka imy, G Waters (1 Pearson 7 Moore stroke and Mr Hobson coxswain and coach Although fast work his not yet been resorted to it is generally considered that already this year's crew is faster than the crew of 1899 on the day of the nee As a whole the men are stronger and their style shows a vast Improvement. When the eight got to Mortlake they months' Sydney university men and the two crews together with the Mercantile eight had a short spin in which the New South Wales representatives, although in a work i mr boat had the rest of it. Later the Melbourne university right were met but as the stroke had broken his car a short time before their row mc could not be seen to advantage Comparing them with the Sydney Uuivmit) eight the opinion seemed to join favour of the local team, who were looked upon as a stronger and more experienced body of men YARRA YARRA ROWING CLUB The Yarra Yarra Club held scratch v air out races for the ' shade trophies on Saturday) afternoon Results -first Heat-H. R Ainley) (stroke) W Cotkbillfbow) beat J M Donald (stroke) A Allan (bar) by one length Second Heat A 1 allcott (stroke) E Michael (bow) beat Lockington (stroke) J black (bow) by a length and a half Third Heat and Final-A Enticotis crow ben,, E R Ainley s crew byonekngtlL ATHLETICS The Medical S tu dents Hare and Hounds Club held their annual run at Mentone on Thursday) 10th last, In spite of the wet weather about 25 members for lowed an excellent trained by Messrs. Dunkley and Glen Knight for 12 miles After an exciting race, Mr Colin Gray came in winner with Mr Harlin a good second In the. evening about 70 sat down to dinner at the Mentone Hotel, Dr Springthorpe in the chair. A BOXING CUMBERLAND ATHLETIC CLUB A boxing match for a trophy valued at £20 took place on Saturday in what at the Cumberland Athletic Club between J M Cowan (west 1248) and 1) Mouagle(03t. Sir) The contest was limited to 20 rounds It lasted the full number of rounds and M'Gowan who boxed with his usual cleverness, was declared the winner on points, Mr S Grimwood acted as referee 