THE DUBBO GHOST. Thus Will Honeycomb : — :That Coal baggie ghost yarn sharpened many memories, and during the week mysteri ous visitations and events have been the ' talk o' the town.' They have put elec tion matters and even the Barbigal rush iu the shade. Every fellow you meet has a patent right in a haunted house or a bona fido ghost. — whether it has brought with it airs from heaven r\t* htnn!n fiiAm 'brill Qnmo .nflV. perhaps, it might be interesting to compile them all — they would ho admir able reading for those who delight in spooks, and sflch literature as Mrs. Crowe's ' Night Side of Nature' Sir W alter Scott's 'Demor ology,' and Stead's 'Borderland.' One ho.vever, is so good, and somepeople may think so appropriate that I mu:t tell it. A quarter of a century ago, when most of us wero a a great deal younger than we are now and few of us even had black care sitting on the crupper, a gentlemen was riding out of Dubbo at tho uncanny hour of two a.m. When he got to Macleay-strect, near where the Parson age is now built, his horse stood still and trembled all over. Looking ahead, the rider saw a strange sight and heard the rattling of a chain. Weird forms wero passing backward and forward. The fear of the horse communicated itself to the man on its back. Like the frightened fellow of which Virgil tells us, ' his hair stood on end and bis voice cleaved to his jaws.' The dark mysteri ous forms danced from side to side of the street, and in the blackness of the night, they conjured np a remembrance of the witches on the blasted heath, or the queer entertainment Tam O'Shanter involuntarily attended at Kirk Alloway. However, the first tremor of fear over, the rider determined to investigate. Like Artemns Ward's warlike hero, who was quite ready to tackle the ' crisis, so long as it guaranteed not to draw a kniFe upon him, he was prepared to interview the ghost and find out what was troubling it. He jumped off his horse — which, by the way, had to be dragged towards the objects — and went aloDg, feeling, as he now admits, none too comfortable. But, having put his hands on to the plough, ho meant going through with the busi ness, notwithstanding that the black figures still esclieloned peculiarly, the chains rattled continuously, and there was a suspicious odour of sulphur in the air. When he reached the figures — being a good Catholic hp devoutly crossed himself first — he prepared to address them, but the ghosts anticipated him and chirped out, ' Hallo Gennarin, old boy, what keeps you in. town at this hour ? ' Tho spirits' were two ancient identities — still happily in flesh — who were measuring with a surveyor's chain certain allotments in tho street. 