I'OLITICAL BOWVLING GREEN. (BY SCORER, IN PUNCH. SLook out for squat's !" That is about my forecast I don't know whether you feel inclined to accept me as a kind of political Ellery or Wragge. and, what is more, I am doubtful if I can accept myself in that capacity. All meteorologists are liable to gdt:t bit- wrong now and then, and, there= fore, I can claim some indulgence as well as Mr, Ellery. But as far as I can read the igtns of the times, you may take that it is time to" look out for squalls I" Hitherto the P.ttetson Government has lived on Retren:hment and-Promises. The Retrenchment card is nearly played. The Premier has nothing else except-wor-s. The rattetson Government was to set the stopped wheels of commerce and industry going agat. The stagnation i'greater now than when'the Premier came into office. Why is this? Because notihing whatever has been done beyond the toy movement of M'Intyre in village settlement. Surely a Government has a duty under circumstances such as this. Eighteen months ago we were promised a new Banking Bill, We have riot seen it. Whiy ? Because Pat terson has no policy nor the capacity to frame one, save the tag-ends of his predeces sor's. This is the sort of talk one meets in most places now amongst politicians both in and out of Parliament. It means something. I'll tell you what I think it doec mean. There will soon be a most determined demand for a colling together of Parliament The cry has cemmenc.d. It will grow. There is reasoti behind it. There is an immense amount of legislative work to do, and no time to do it in, if the ordinary course be followed. Supposing the House is to meet in May or June next, the Governor's speech, the Budget, the Railway Reform and a Charities Bill will mop up the who!e session again, and Parliament will go out with all its remedial work undone. We are not willing to go on in this way any longer. There are great questions in the air. They want time to consider them. The railway policy of the future requires careful and calm discussion. That is one thing, and it re quires to be dealt with at uonce-that is another. The question of a state Bank of Issue to supersede all the present banks in that department of business is a crying necessity of the time. That is not a new policy, because it was discussed last year, and the Treasurer expressed himself in favour of it, but the Cabinet has never considered it. Yet on this depends the initial impulse which is wanted to give our industry afresh start. " But nonle of these questions are intended to he dealt with by the Cabinet," said a politician to me. That is so. And that is the key of the position. The community is getting tired out by the interminable delay and doing no work-by the stagnation in trade, and the -intensifying of the famine in money. . We .wnt money circulated, new raiways made, our London trade developed, and the people set to work. And the Government has not so much as the ghost of a policy, save to send home a man like Gillies, who, of all others, is the most use less for the requirements in London. Mr. Patterson thought he was astute in getting rid of Mr. Gillies. He has raised up a host of critics over a transaction which was palpably a job at the expense of the country's dearest interests. In this backward wash of the waters there is universal discontent. The cry rises for Parliament to meet. " I will join that movement," says the ex.S dictor- General. Mr. Isascs, I hear, is even now putting the finishing touches to a speech which is in tended to strike the key note of a general movement against the Government. There are meetings in the various suburbs, all de. manding the meeting of Parliament. The Age demands it. Then we come to this position: If the Government stubbornly refuse that meeting, it means a mighty Opposition when the inevitable meeting comes in June. If Mr. Patterson yields, and the Parliament is called to meet in March--anything may happen-a Govern ment defeat and a dissolution. But no man can see beyond the next appeal to the country. There are signs everywhere of a political cleavage when Liberal will herd with L:beral and Conservative with Con servative. In those days, there will be more open war, but less inciduous intrigue and subtle conspiracy. The politicians who went to see Mr. Gillies off the other day seemed relieved when the shlip cast off with him. There never emanated from him a ray of new light -a gleam of resourceful intelligence--or a single suggestion to meet any great emer. gency. He was always the drag wheel on the coach, the brake on the wheel, the wet blanket on the flame. These things are all well in their places. BHut the very worst thing at this juncture is the drag, the break, the wet blanket. We want hope, energy, vim, impulse. Mr. Gillies was the opposite of all these. He was the worst State gambler in the boom time, the most unre sourceful counsellor in the collapse. He is gone and, as one of his firiends said as he turned on the pier-" Thank heaven,' the trouble's over." But let not Mr. Patterson rej -ice. There will be a curious drawing together. You will see Deakin and Best, and Isaacs and Geo.Turner alltvery soon in confab. Fancy what that means. Four lawyers-all young, all ardent, all reformers-all with views, visions and dreams- of roming porsi bilities, I confess I don't like this con junction of the lawyers; but there it is, and some of them at least are men who inspire general confidence. Then, superfluous lagging on the scene there is the veteran Knight of the Sugarloaf. He is too old to take any part in an active campaign. All his friends recognise this. Ile himself is the only one who refuses to un lerstand himself to be in the way. I am sorely afraid that he will be son made to feel it. I doubt if he will ever find a con. atituency to send him back to Parliament, and even if he does, it mill he only out of commiseration for helplessness. But the country wants the very opposite to this just now in its public men. It wants men of resource, of ideas, of vigour, of work. At suhel a time what place iha Sir Graham in the great scheme ! It is not, my dear Punch, that I have the smallest feeling against the old man. But I have more regard for the country than to sacrifice it in personal favour, as Mr. Patter son did when he appointed Mr. Gillies as Agent.General. When the coach-track lies over rough roads, amidst stumps, rocks andl morasses, the driver needs to have a firm hand and osurecye. We want strong men now with their wits about them. Sir Graham used to be a strong man twenty years ago when hIe had brainy men about him to charge his intellectual earbite with good explosive matter : but left to himself as he is now, he is mentally destitute as well as physically run down. The constant drop of water Wears away the hardest stone, The constant gnaw of Towser Masticates the toughest bone; The constant cooing lover Carries off the blushin3 maid, And the conatannt advertiser Is the ono who gets thle trade. Therefore send in your advertisenents to the "Traralgon Record." 