in Normandy. Feasants' Homes and a Haunted Chateau- Why is it, I wonder that ot>e class ol humanity is always asking itself what the gther class is doing, how it lives, and what Jte customs are ? It was no doubt a curiosity ot this kind that prompted 06, the other morning, to drive into the country to visit some ot tbe peasants' homes that lie bidden among the bills, back of Bonlgate. True, we bad no invitation to these places; we did not even know the farm-owners by name. iitet all " aristocrats " have very bad manners compared to tbe poor laboring eltBB. This etrnck me most forcibly the other day, and I felt really ashamed of myself and friends as we boldly entered the gateway to the Bret farm. It would have served DB right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate tbe premises. ^s we approached the low, thatched-roof building, with the grape-vines covering a wide verandah, the horse-chestnuts spreading their refreshing shade far over the house, a more perfect picture of comfort could not easily be imagined. Hearing the sound of carriages, three women made their appearance at tbe door, and seeing we were " du grand monde," as they say hereabouts, three low courtesys were dropped and a most tordial welcome extended as, much to my relief and surprise. They were evidently flattered by our visit, and far from ofiended, as I h&d; expected. The; wore the regulation peaByitB' costume—short skirt, white blouse, waists with sleeves rolled op above tbe elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and wooden sabots. One of the young men rang a huge bell at the side of the bouse, -whereupon a stable-boy came and led our horses off, and the father and brother of tbe family assisted us to alight and led ns on to the porch, where they requested as to rest awhile until a light refresh meet should he prepared. In a short epaoe of time a long table was brought out and set before as, spread with a snow; homespun doth andlaid with quaint old blue china-ware and glass. Pots of golden honey, jogs o£ sxe&m;, loaves ot blank bread, pats ol yellow butter, calces, cream cheese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, cold meats, and a pitcher of cider, made up tbe feast. Ever; member of the family waited upon ne. and treated DB BE if we were old and valued Iriends, but none of them sat at table with ns. We did full justice to this homely {are, Liter which the interior ot the house KBS ehown ns, and peeps into huge lineniresses vouchsafed ue,where piles o! bleached and unbleached cloth lay ready as part of tbe " dot" to go with the first child leaving tbe home nest. The floors in the house were all scrubbed to marvellous whiteness and then strewn with a fine white esnd; in some of the rooms tbe sand was laid on tbe Soor to imitate mosaic designs, but the tread of many feet soon obliterated thepretty work. The old homestead was most comfortable in every respect, end the old-fashioned furniture in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoires. spinning-wheels, high-backed chairs, fourpost bedsteads, aud quaint tables that wouia have brought their weight in precious metal at some fashionable auction in the capital, were thought nothing of by these people, except as ancestral souvenir keepsakes. Great quantities oi shell-work adorned the walls, and even made up the principal brio-B-braa npon the tables and etsgeres. Ths fireplaces were all those great, generous odcj that take in all the family and do hot leave an'v ona out in the cold, as some of our modern grates are apt to do. As we expressed our appreciation of the comfortable surroundings, the faces of both men and womea fairly beamed with gratified pride. The dsliy, stables, poultry yard and pigs were next ehown us, and from the cool, airy milk-room to the sty in the back yard, was one perfect delight of cleanliness, prosperity and plenty. These people are never idle, and for that reason happy: they are content with what thej have, do not envy any one andlive lives I f peace and pood-will to all m6n. Each i tee bears marks of tfau sonny nature within and our visit to La Breteche, as this farm is .•ailed, put better thoughts into our minds for days to come. Ihe day following onr country visit was a grand - fete-day - for Houlgate. Bacee, a con. Ł ?° A ball at the CBBICO were to be ths ereBt ettlree of rl occasion, and abont assembled on the beach to witness the races. A strange place for races yon will, no donbt, rightly remark, but these were not to be ordinary ones at all, in fact the noble coursers were not to be two-thirty roadsters in the least, but two-footed creatures of our own species, and little, long-eared donkeys. The besch lay white, smooth and hard, with the tide far out. In the judges' stand were a gay party ot women of fashion and wellknown abont Parisian dabs. By tbe expression of interest on all faccs, one would have fancied tbat a fortune was at stake, but in reality the prizes consisted of s gold cup for the donkey races, a leather medal and riding whip for the races to follow. First came the men's race in bags, the most comical eight I ever witnessed. Each man was done op in a large grain- eaok np to his waist, and when the eigoal was given about thirty of these ridiculous figures started on the bop, skip and jump; as to running that WSB out of the question, and most of the band finally went on all fours, tiext followed the donkey race, the jockeys being gentlemen riders, attired in long, low- necked, white baby-dr63ses with different colored cashes and ciosie caps. The winner . of this race was to be he who 'got there last.' As the bell rang for the start, the donkeys all started on a dead run, and to stop them wae as great's feat as to'get them to go at most times. They seemed to understand the joke, and . with ear? well, np and tails straight ont they xnshed'mauly along. All the " whoa-iog " in the world bad no efleot upon the stubborn little beasts, and the one that reached the home-strcteh last was only just a head behind the itheig. Of all ridiculous eights this was indeed the most ludicrous, and tbe peals of laughter from the lookers-on almost drowned the soond of the tea. - . . . . . After the outdoor sports we adjonmed to tb6 concert-hall and listened to a very good •mateur concert, the proceeds of which went to the poor ol tbe village. The ball in the evening was a most brilliant affair—in fact one mizbt easily have believed one's self in some salon ol the capital had it not been that the ladies were not decollete and very few jtwds were worn. Toe surroundings were most beautiful,"the ballroom represented a trep:csl garden,bung mth colored lanterns. I found here a great relaxation from the usual rigid ball-room etiquette of Pads. Young ladies danced more, and it was not (bought out of place to allow the same came to appear even three times on one's dancing card. At sopper-time the chaperon 'did not select her charge's escort, but 16ft it to h2r own wiBe discrimination, only sittipg atthe same table in order not to tbrow off" all vigilaiibs.' Early hours are reEpected-here, tor, wonder- ful to relate, the French ladies rise at a most reasonable hour, and are often seen at nine o'clock in the morning dressed for the day— no, I should sot aay for tbe day, es two, three, and even four changes ot toilet are made, and the thought of one dresB for the whole day would absolutriy scandalise these fashionables. A31 energetic little Frenchwoman, and quits, the leader of fashion here this season, line, de Beaulieu, bas started a most delightful deb for ladies to help pa«s the boar. It is called by the queer tafie of " Kous Beastons" Xwe resist), and it is devoted solely to sword and pistol practice. Ws have a notable teacher, trpm the metropolis, w^io devotes two boura twioe a Mgi gifts club-room "is a uige'tsot, ereoteoon Sie beaoh, and divided off into thelencing-room and the target-range. - We "wear a ample, pretty costume ot blue flannel, made with Turkish trousers, short starts, anil House waists. The style of dress leaves all one's movements perefctly free, andenablee usto cultivate great ease and «raee ol posture. The exereise is most delightful, ana we ' thank Mme. de Beaulien daily for ber briUi ant idea. Some oneis ^y'jJM^eja^F^Mt ment or pastime here, ana each oay onngB lorth eome originel idesB to add io the enjoy Bient of orf already ihBronghly butterfly ex. : irtenoe, , jKot long ago • eonxagcona ęart; ot city Visitors made the bold ptopotiUon that we should start «ome evening alter dork, and \- drive to on abandoned and mined oartle ' which lira eight miles from Ifoul£*te and Is supposed to be haunted. We irtonfo taka bursięper.with nB, and have » sioonllght Jtiicnic among the rains and ni>it till the miotic henr ol twelve o'clocir, w's»n the 'Sheets are es-j-clfcd to wslk, belofi mnrnirf fcokewariu Ibis plan last Bm tiw favorably, and abont righł o^oek, one even, ing last week, the Urge coach ana fevsrri email carriages started from the villa and from some of the houses adjoining ours. Tha moon was just beginning to show itself over the top of a high hill in ths distance, the nicht was soft and balmy, and we were allin the best of spirits, hoping even to meet the restless t pirit of tbe old chateau, and making wagers as io who would dare go along into the darkest corner of the ruin. ' " The drive was only too soon accomplished, and we clattered into the court yard ot the Norman castle just an hour Bfter we left home. , Buins are generally picturesque, but somehow this one threw a greats ch im over ai all, with its pillars and arches touched to sil?er by the moonbeams,than we lat expected. One tower of the chateau stood almost complete. Time had only covered parts of it with moss and vines, that clambered into every casement and baiTed every doorway, but round about lay heaps of stones and masonry, broken columns and shattered arches, that told a tale of tbe years that most have passed over this ones magnificent dwelling. We spoke in lowered tones, and we walked with hushed tread through the crumbling walls, . • Tha bravest of us felt that it would be out of place to laugh here; none of ns felt like doubting that some spirit did haunt the old tower, and I am certain had a band of whiterobed figures appeared out of the rnios and begun to dance a ghastly, old-time reel, none of ns would have been in the least surprised. Some one whispered, L-t us move on to some place that is not ghost-like," and we wandered on to an open epsoe of ground that the kindly moon lit np most beautifully. Here we -all sat down cn shawls and rags. After a short pause, every one began talking at once, as if feeling the necessity of rousing eBCh other from the enchanter's spell which had fallen upon ns. " Don't think any one will go back to that place at twelve o'clock," a timid voice spoke out from our circle, and the remark was an- swered with a hearty laugh and łrank confessions that the ruins and the ghostB could have it all to themselves at that hoar for all we cared; and to effectually chase away any combie thoughts that might still be lacking in our minds,we turned our thoughts supperwards. To alter the general routine of French picnics, instead of having brought everything cooked and prepared, the gentlemen had volunteered before leaving home to cook all that we would require. A large fire was soon started, and every one set to work the ladies to arrange the table, the gentlemen to assort their pans and ceujem/£x, and the servants to aesiBt here, there, and _ everywhere. It was great sport, tins cooking out of doors at night, with the moon above na like a great central chandelier, and the carriage-lamps about like so many fire-flies at a fairy feast. And such a supper we est down to I NA wonder Frenchmen are such guarnuts if they can »H master the culinary art as perfectly as onr friends did the other evening. Chiclien a la Bortlilais, crab a la Creole, potatoes a la Richelieu, and oysters en loquillts were only a few of the things that made up a most sumptuous menu. Some one bad brought a guitar, some one else a flate, and another a violin, and after we had enjoyed onr repsst, the musicians ot the' party suggested an impromptu dance. Partners were hastily engaged, end up to the stroke of twelve we danced on the smooth greensward to our heart's content. JuEt as tbe last notes of the minute died away, a white figure appeared on the tower and blew a long and loud blast from a trumpet. "We bII started to our feet, wbite with terror and speechless with an untold fear. Btu it was only my rogue of a cousin who had played HB this practical jok«. 