SIR HENRY PARKES. Forty, years of political service and four-score years of life entitle a man to a banquet. And, when such an acknowledgment is made it as well becomes those who are against him to take a kindly view of his career, as those who aro for him to be enthusiastic. Per haps at and nfter a banquet we should excuse .some slight confusion of ideas, and pasp with a smile the strange bracketing by tho chairman of tho guest of the evening with sucli men as Mr. Gladstone and Sir John Mac- donald, the foremost statesmen of the age. Sir John, even as Sir Henry, was great in his sphere, but it was not that largoworld wherein Gladstone, or Salisbury, or Cavour, or Bismarck toiled. TheDAiiA'TELEGRAPiieven may be pardonod for scoking to introduce a new person to tho youth of tho time in John Drummond Lang. There may havo been a buzzing of brains about that time, and ho of Hawthorden have been unwittingly mixed with tho old fighting doctor, who at least merits of us all that we should name him aright. Air. J. H. Want's (not un called for) apology for his own life may also pass, and with it the joy about tho repentant sinner, which broke forth, we aro told, in loud and continued cheering. And Sir Henry in response. If any ghosts of old hovered about the board they could not havefelt wronged or aggrieved. Ho seemed fully to recog nise that he stood on tho borders of the land to which they had passed, Before each and every one he raised his shield and uttered an "Ave Cmsar Impcrator ! Morituri te salutnnt I To Wentwoutii and Sir' Edward Deas- Tiiomson, to Dr. Lang and Sir John Robertson, to William Campbell and James Mac- Arthur, he was just and generous, and it may almost bo said reverontial. Yet again ' there seems evidence of some confusion of thought in tho high eulogy of the arduous labours of those chiefs in one part of the speech, and the minimising of all Australian struggles for liberty in another. Thus, " I cannot but think of whf-t this country was when responsible government set in 3S years ago, and what it is now through tho services of men who aro in thoir graves. This country of New South Wales has been raised from a state of semi- barbarism to tho present high state of progress and civilisa tion." If this indeed be true, if these men of old so labored, endured, struggled, and because of necessity, how do we reconcile with their proper record the statement made later on that " we dicl not as other countries havo to struggle and to fight for our liberties 1" If there was neither struggle nor fight in those old days, whence the claim to the heroes' bays, and what differentiates those men of old so absolutely and painfully from the £300 a year men of to- day 1 Wo might as well perhaps ask what con stitutes the claim of Mr. Jacob Garrard to that sole and supreme mention he received 1 Possibly, however, 'lis ill to inquire too curiously into such trivial anoma lies, and more profitable, as more timely, to turn to the summing-up of the whole matter, which in the fulness of his years, and on tho very ridge of a supreme occasion, the old states man chose to make. In that way we may follow in absolute accord and full concurrence with every sentiment voiced. There is nothing now, of course, in the counsels ,to be in all things honest and patriotic janrl true. .We can find allnecessary advico and warning of that sort in tho Pauline epistles. And the verses , of James Russell Lowell or of Wordsworth are not more apropos to present political struggles than the solemn- protests of tho Areopa- gitica to the modern control of the press. As to the present need of .party, government, though not perhaps as to its eternal continuance, we aro also pretty well agreed. And yet some folks 'will think that another Australian veteran, Mr. EdmondFitz- ' gibbon, tho old town clerk of Mel bourne, would fight a shrowd battle as to whether this party business bo not the main cause of all our woes. Sir Henry, however, is absolute in his belief as the Iolanthe warrior, and all his eloquent assertion under this head is perhaps more tersely summed up in the verse which declares that — Every boy and every gal That's born unto the world alive, Ia either a little liberal Or else a little conservative. The groat matter was Weil kept to tho conclusion of the speech, for after certain wise words on freedom of government and freedom in every tran saction, on tho blessings of tho highest forms of public instruction available to all, on the prosperity that can only rest safely on permanence in the employment of capital and continuance of contentment in the ranks of labor, Sir Henry spoke out on Australian Federation. To that he would give all the powers of the last years of his life. "I will never rest and never abate any energy of mine till I see these fair sister States united in one august national government-, under ono flag, and with the power of speaking with one voice to the civilised world." In that resolve there should be universal concord of opinion. ' Towards that accomplishment Australian sentiment should rise us tho tide rises along Aus tralia's shores. Beyond it lies all that is truly great- and national and abso lutely firm based in Australia's destiny. And what bars the way to united effort? Nought so much perhaps as absence of understanding of the solid advantages it would bestow. And to increase that understanding, and to build on it con viction, and to surmount conviction with enthusiastic resolve, is some thing like the sum and substance of the supremo duty of those who desire or propose in any way to shape matters amongst us. 