OUZt STOXLITBTTBm [All Biqhtb Stbictly Besebvhd,] l WATER LIlIES. Bt the Authok of ' Mona,' 41 Ton Bawybk'b Diary,' ' Lettbbb to the People,' etc , kto. *' Oh I Effie, are you going to the picnic this afternoon ?' said pretty Minnie Astor, as she rushed into her cousin's room, flushed *ith pleasurable excitc msnt, one fine morn ing in August. *' 1 don't think 1 shall ; 1 don't know,'* she replied. ' I have nothing fit to w„ar.' ' For shame, Effie. Why, yonr poor cousin here has only two dresses, and you h.ve such a lot — a whole wardrobe fait' Hffie shrugged her shonldirs as she gated into tbe mirror with a discontented ex pression on her facc. and answered. ' Well. i h*vn worn thtm nntil 1 am tired of them.' ' tiurely you oould wear one of your dresses again,' said Minnie. ?' Perhaps 1 could ; hut don't bother me. I hate to be bothered when I have nothing so put on that I have not worn before.' She glanced into the mirror again with the same expression on her face, and as eie watched the muses ot wavy, light hair lall around heras she brnshedjit, her countenance cleared. She thought surely Oharlie Bmrnot could not think her cousin Minnie prettier than hereelf. Then she turned to Minnie. 'Yes; 1 will oome this afternoon,' she said. Effie 8tott certainly was a pretty girl, or rather would have been if she could entirely rid betself of that dlstaliafied and selfish expression which she habitually wore. Bhe r.ic.y tiarboredany pleasant thought, except ! «rhtn she. was trying to please one or other of the sterner sex. She did n.t improve her position with the aien by her undignified scowl, Tbey appeared to be fond of talking to her to a certain txtont, but she never made any lsst if« impression, save tocausc them en closer : acquaintance to fight shy of her. spirited girl, with a laughing expression that seemed to indicate that she hid not a care in the world. Bbe waB aboat two and twenty years of age, an orphan, and she bad rt sided ever since she could remember any thing in her aunt's house. Unlike her cousiu, she mas not wealthy, her total in come being only sufficient to keep her from absolute want. However, she was quite contented with ber lot. and did not think it a very hard one, after alL Everybody liked Minnie Astor, except her gill acquaintances, many of whom detested her, chiefly it must be admitted, because she was a general favorite with the opp^sitescx. Tbe men liked her becausc she was eo natural in bcr manner, and they could talk to her without btiog made aware that tbey were too highly appreciated. Proportion ately with the increased admiration wbich was vouchsafed her by her male frUn4s her feminine acquaintances were the more jealous, ? » aat shall you wear, Minnie f,r asked Effie, presently. ' Are you going to wear your white or your grey dress ? I wouldn't wear my white if 1 were you. I think it will rain.' Inwardly che hoped it would rain, and that Minnie would wear her white dress, so that she would appear to consider able disadvantage in her wet and bedr«g6led condition* Minnie's dresses were not numerous. When she asked her cousin if she intended to wear her white or her grey, Effie had mentioned the only two gownB the girl had to wear. The white one had been washed goodness knew how many times. ' I shall wear my white one, and some flowers with it,' Minnie said, tnrnlng to go. ' Oh, Minnie, you might come and help me to choose a dress for myself,' c&lled; Effie, as her cousin was leaving. ' Oeri&lnly;, Effie, with pleasure.' And she wheeled about, and together the girls began to inspect the wardrobe. ' Why, Etlie,' said Minnie, ' yon have heaps. Here Is your fawn lace one. How will that do ?' Kflie turned np her noss even higher than it was— a feat one would have sopposed to be almost impossible without turningit over her head altogether, as she replied ' No 5 I never shall. What, wear one I have worn at a dozen garden parties this summer 1 Not if 1 know it.' ' Oh, Lflfe. Why you only wore it at the Browns' ft.e and at the b.star !' ' Well, everybody has seen it, haven't ' Nonsense. It looks beautiful too.' ' 1 shan't wear it,anjhow.' M Then there is this pale green.' ' That won't do, either.' The inspection went on for some time, and finally a sweet-looking pink moslin wss decided npon. Effie thought that surely, in this dress, she would be able to keep Oharlie 's attention all the afternoon. Two o'clock arrived and the picnic party were all present at the rendezvous, with the exception of Minnie. The girls voted for going straight away, but tho gentlemen were of another opinion aud refused to proceed without her. This settled matters, and presently Minnie came hurrying np wearing her old white drees, and a Targe straw hat, trimmed with white ribbon and natural pink roses, and carrying a pretty bunch of roses in ber belt. Flushed as she was with her bunied walk she looked tbe very picture of health and beauty. Jealous eyes, even, could not refuse her the palm. Effie had, however, by this time S'cnred the attendance of Oharlie Emmot, and did not nolioe the appearance of Minnie at alL Bhe was quite contented with her own escort, and even the latter's added charms were powerless to make her jealous so long aa bis attenticn was fixed npon ber. Oharlie was a splendid speoimen ot an Englishman. He was not what anybody would exactly call han some, though be oeuld not be called plain. He stool five feet nine inches In height, and had a distinguished appearanoe which could not fail to attract *na captivate. Horeoreft be was the reputed £oti6Mor * fcbfome In \ \ iiBelf sufficient to plaoe 'him above the -vioe t ot envy. Conssquently hs was satisfied with i the flattery of anxious mothers sn|* avarlc- i iocs maidens, Mianle he had teen some a time before, ani he had besn a little piqued i by her evident insensibility to his ad van- s tages. It was a new experience to and | one calculated to inoreaje, if the had bnt i known it, his growing love tor her. To-day i he had determined that, oome what might, I he would apeak te her and obtain an answer I to an all-Important question. , \ On arrival at Winsford Towers the party alighted, and Innoheon was served on the i lawn in front of the rain. After lunch i boating was proposed, and Effie took care i that Oharlie should be her Escort, leaving Minnie to one of the ineligibles. By this ] means she thought to Secure hor own ends, i But woman proposes and disposes. i The whole of those present then moved off ; to tho boats except pretty Nellie Linsdowne i and Frank Gregory, who had long been known to be numerous fathoms deep in lave with eaeh other. They dropped out of the line very quickly and retired to a quiet spot in the wood. How they spent their time it boots not to inquire. The afternoon was warm and sultry and the coolcst place seemed to be on the wator. That once reached, the boat was rapidly filled. Bffie had to be helped into it by Oharlie or she ' would never have dared to go on the lake at all,' she said. Minnie, on tne other hand, helped heraolf, and was seated in the boat before anyone had the chauoe to come to her aid. The oars were got oat and a shady part was reached, and there, to the ladie&' delight, were some water lilies. To please them the gentlemen were all on the alert to obtain them. Effie, by a crafty manoeuvre, gained possession not only of those shj had plucked for herself but of those which Oharlie had got for Minnie, whilst she was only able to get a solitary one. Oharlie would have plucked some more bnt there were none in sight. Minnie, though sorely disappointed, refused to show that she cared, and laughingly declared that Bhe did not want any more than she had. Effij held tj hers in her usual selfish fashion, and deollned to part with a single flower. The boat floated upon the surface of the lake for soms time without the aid of tho oars, when they cimc to another cluster ot lilies. Minnie saw them first, the others being toj busy talking or too idly lying down I in the boat, to notice them. She Leaned over, and in her atttempt to pluck a fine speoimen overbalanced herself and fell into the lake. All was confusion immediately. Oharlie alone retained his presenoe of mind, and diving into the water minus his coat and boots he attempted to reBcae her. This he found some difficulty in doing. He struck oat in Minnie's direction, but she naa floated some actio distance away, and his first snatoh at her dress was futile. At last be manage! to seize firmly bold of it whilst the boat was being brought towards them. With some difficulty Minnie waa drawn on board, bnt Oharlie swam to land and leaving Minnie in the care of the others be himself ran to a farmhouse near and obtained a blanket in wh'ch to wrap her, and requested the farmer's wife to get a bed ready for her. Tben he hnnied back and reached her side just as she had returned to consciousness. Qaickly folding the blanket ronnd her he, wirh the aid of Fred Lancaster, another member of the patty, carried ber to the house. Then, and not till then, di 1 Oharlie think of himself. He was offered a suit of corduroy which belonged to the farmer's son, and he quickly divested, himself of his wet garments and, encased in th-.ee, he re turned to his companions, when he hetrd the news that Minnie was dangerously ill and a doctor had b;en Bant for. Little, fussy Doctor Davidson soon arrived and attended to the glcL It was some weeks, however, before she came round sufficiently for Oharlie to see her, and he had several times been to the house ere he waa allowed that privilege. When he wss, he foand her looking but the ghost of her former si U. Bhe had been allowed to get up for the first time for a few hours. Thongh she was flashed with excite msut at the idea of the interview, Oharlie was unpleasantly struck with the alteration that had been ma le in her couutenancs by her weekB of illness. He was about lo make an observation to that effect when she in tprrrmt-wl htm with. ?- Oh. f *m bo cla i vnn have come. I havo so wanted to thank yoa for saving my life. I do not know how 1 can repay the immense service you have done me.' 'Shall I tell youf' asked Oharlie as he reached her side. Bhe looked at him and replied unthink ingly : 'Yes.' Then Bhe blushed ae she saw bis earnest gar?. Her eyes songhfc the floar whilst he took a seat beside her, and holding one ot h-*rh*nl8 in his, he said : M Give me -ourBtlf.' ' 1 thought it was Effie you preferred,' she said. ' Effie! Why she is nothing but a dressed np doll. A fellow woald tire of her In a week. It was you that I cared for all along, and if you do not marry me I shall never marry at alL' Overcome by the awful fate wbich might overtake him in the evdnt of her refusing, Minnie onssnted to beoome his wife. The shades o£ evening fe'l era be left her side, the time going rapidly as these two confessed egain aud again their love for eaoh other. After this it did not take Minoie long to recover her health and strength, for there is nothing like happiness f jr restoring both. In a few weeks the wedding-bells were pealing, and Effie, finding she crold not b i bride, made up her mind to be the next most Important personage, chief t-ridesmail. Her fate was not so happy as Minnie'e, for she had long determined to marry for money and position. She did marry for both, t-nd obtained them through an eld p^er, bnt she rapidly lost her beauty, becoming every day sourer and sourer, until in less than two years Bhe would have been voted an old woman by those who did not knsiv that she was barely twenty-four. Minnie and Oharlie, happy in each other's love, which now they Bhared with a little heir! grew younger every day, until their friends were almost ready to believe they were years yoanger than when they were married. [The Bed.] 