THE RED MPTORIST MISSION. A VIGOROUS DENUNCIATION OF IMPURE LIVING. The mission for the Roman Catholic men of the district was continued yesterday morn ing and evening. The church was crowded in the evening, fully 700 men being present. Tl«» Roy Father O’Pnrrell pveaohud from 1st AjufintltiiuiB, VX, 9, ,“06 not err ;> neither Tormentors nor idolaters not adulterers, nor tho effeminate, nor tbelves, nor the covetous, nor drunkards, nor tailors, nor extortioners, ‘Shall possess tho Kingdom of God;” On the previous night, said the ■ preacher, they 'board 1 of the great Catholio doctrine of eternal punishnn-nt — the great truth: of bull u revealed by Jesus Christ himself and therefore not a thing to bo done away with by the word of man. Their reflections on .this truth lie was sure bad boon of benefit to their souls and ho was suro .they had conceived in their minds a groat fear-of tho eternal punishment reserved hereafter for the enemies of God. Ho trusted that they had. been inspired by tho holy spirit of God and-tbat they bad made a resolution with help not to go to hell. There arc many sins by which man offends Qod| and by wliiph bo pan heap up his wrath, as tho gospel saS’s for tho day of wrath. Tboro is oho sin especially whibb.may bo oailled and it has boon justly and rightly, the gate of boll, because through this sin nearly all who have gono to hell have bpen condemned., 8t. Jerome says that of every 100 squls in bell, §9 have boon sent tboro fpr tho sin of impurity. K now they, wont .down in- spirit to thait awfql prison of the aarnnod, and visited the countless millions who are there suffering tho most terrible tortures of despair, and remorse, and question them as one man speaking to another, !i What brought you hero 2 ” they would.answer, It was irapu rity. n Perhaps it may be an aged man, wilb a wife and family who occupied a good position on onrlh. What would bo .say?" it was impurity brought mo bore." Another map, a younger man, a man of tho world-whO' thought that a lifo of pleasure was what bo was intended for, look at him now in pnin and agony, and.listen, to him—“Impurity brought mo here." Look at that little hoy, that young girl, that respec table looking man,tbat married woman, and dt Joeomo .tolls os 99 of every 100 of them wore condemned for impurity... This was his (the preacher's) excuse for spooking'<>h a subject. whioh otherwise his lips would bo closed upon. Holl was being tilled by tho vice of imparity—by men, women and children, all ages and sexes, and- ho would not be doing bis duty if bo did not warn thorn of tho awful consequences of this horrible vice, no matter what‘pain it cost him. Ho would say as little as bo oould, «nd ho 'hoped they would bear with him. His object was to give thorn a horror of this vme-_a deonlv ronM tofrdt*, which would lost In thoi’r minds.ond through this borrpp Ip induce, them to moko. such resolutions'and take such measures that they would-mevor bo among tho slaves of Impurity,- or among those destined for tho eternal fire They could see people living, apparently:none the worse-for this sin; and thcy-oould hear young men njaking jests, and they could pear old mon' wbo should v hnvo more sense,'and who should be exemplars for others, talking lightly of this awful vice. 1 Books oto ! written on itj papers-aro full of impure stories and suggestions. HoW'common was Cho awful vice becoming, and how'w'iro mon trying lb palliate it. Hut Qo'd has spoken and said ’that the' impure man pan n’evpr pos sess the kingdom pi God, How can iqjpilro man, woman. boy''of’gjrl iiarp to' olajm a place bbfi'de \he Virgin afbthpr of (3oa, "and tho?o had fot|owod |u her footsteps? It would ho an apt of injustice toy. God $o place such ppoplo hosidp $s |mrpapulqto Brother. Lot po ipap deceive yoq by vein words, says tho apostle, (or ho know there would bo many words spoken and many things done to tako away tbo horror, overy Chris tian roan should have for impurity. Why is this vice so lorriblo, and why is it so terribly punished by God? Wo road how tho waters of tbo deluge destroyed the fairest * works 4 of Godls creation, and wo- Khovr 1 that these Waters aiid tpls dcsotbtioji we£e brought dbwn upon earth bocavjso of tho : fif 'wfi|gh men wofp gui|ty. pod sajd tjion ffhnf pc fias novep said before pr since—that |tp poponted that he had created man. Look again into dorlpturo apd pco Ifio terrible fire wbiph papm upon tho pities of tho plain. In imagination sco tho heavens ono shoot of Are, and of that fiery sky see descend masses of burning, bl izing fire into tho_niidet of * City till overy man, woman, child, animal, tbo whole city aro all devoured. Wbot brought tl»8 l forrjblp PtinisbpienL upon those cities? Tho"voyy name of 0odbm suggests what was thto pause qf God’s onger. ft was the vioo of impurity, apd nothing else. ' \V fiat was th© sin? According to the catechism, wbiph every CeihoRo should know, It is not rpproiy fho worst thing which can bo done, but everything contrary to tho holy virtue of purity. ' Therefore immodest thoughts wilfully fthd willingly, entertained, immodest look* wilfully indulged in, im modest words, reading immodest' books and ' papers, and looking at immodest pictures all bring.'down npon tbo soul tho guilt of mortal sin. If s man were never guilty of any sin except one immodest look that would be enough to send his soul to hell if bo $iod wi(,h that sin qpofl his soul. Thp man who looks on any pbjept with n fooling of lust >8 guilty of adiiU-ory ia his hoait. Any immodest aot, no matter how slight, is a mortal sin for whioh a soul may be daipend. t A lustful look or desiro brings mortal sin qn'lhe soul, Tboro aro .various ©specie from".which wo ,can sqo tho malioo of this'vice,. Tbo soul of man was created in the imago and likeness of,God, and when be defiles h|s body bp defiles as fap as be oan tbo body of Josns Phrist If a man insulted a picture of thp sovereign,, ho would bo punished for high, treason.. This gives an idea of what human nature wilb . its failings, and its weaknesses thinks duo to earthly majesty. But how fow think of. what is duo to the supremo sovereign to whom the blessed angels bow down their beads as. they sfng.Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabaotb, tbo heavens, and tho earth ore . full of thy glory. When wo wero made Christians at tfie baptismal, font. wo .were incorporated: as members of , tho. mystic - of- Joeus Christ.nnd os ft© cannot defile o»r l^and8,j«ot, 6V oltbej; thernlforsdf ijur Body wjtbfcuj doflling j,fio whole body, v w6 cannot dofilo oqr own body wijhopt defiling, as far $s' wo pan, {bp immaculate Laqih of 66$. dosus Cbrlgt sweated blood, to rofloom ua from original sin in tho Garden of Golbsomano, and bo boro on fils shoulders that night every sip whioh the human raoe would commit. When Ho saw tho soldier driving tbo nails into His hands and feet, like wo would nail twp boards togothor, did Hp think of tho size, of th© pails or tbo heavy blows ofc Ibe hamper? No: Bn of tho number of times He was again to be crucified .by tho sins of tbpwprld. Gpd papo^t » on tpo imPlicp faah except' With horror djsgust, for Ho knows the maljpo of that vjao.'" Loojc at (he baptismal font. Tho priest tboro in the no mo of God com mands tho demons to loavo -tbo, soul which they possess. When a man sins against purity thoro stands tbo .devil bosido him with an impure pleasure which lasts a fow minutoa and brings lifo long, sbamo, llo , orders .tho Holy Ghost to loavo that man, and tbo Holy Ghost has to obey. Every Christian man wfion tempted can command tbodemon to leave him bv calling on tho names of Jesus and Mary, Why will they not bear that in mind? Lot thorn think of tho consequences of this awful vice. It blasts .everything whioh oan make men good-ant} honorable this lifo. If; makes trailers, bypoorjles, 'liars anfiv dcpplvors : of thorn. An impuro man will ;go into tbo I bouse of a friend, anil.take away tbo honor ot . his.friend's wife, Perhaps man is himself married, .tied by tho most saarod ties : before -God’s very altar. 0o will; break (hoso. tics and ,go homo to bis wifo with, a bypo*« critical smile, and driv.6 out 'the spirit of religion, faith, bopo and charity. -What does suoh a man core about tho word of God?' Ho does not like. to hear sermons.. They ■ will cause roraorso or s(op;bim in his course of arimo, and that bo does not want. -Tbo con* version of an impure man is -very difficult. Evpn.wboo be n converted, os fhp Holy Ghost pdyeVfhd- vjpo ifh jo his. bones, fmpqrltykepps nion'away froni tho confessional and when fcboy do oome indqoos thorn ; to make a sacrilegious confession. Impurity makes mon givo up tbbir prayers, give up Moss and take to drink. They aro afraid to look into thojr souls.nnd boo tholr stale of filth, . And, Oh 1 when bo oomcs.to: dio what. consolation oan-bo bavo ovon though- bb has abandoned bis visious habits, though probably not from / willingness? Tbo demons who. tempted him are round bis bod mooking bim and showing him ono by ono bis sins and the places where ho., has committed them.. Bo dies Hko a ■ manioc spitting at the crucifix and blaspheming bis Creator instead of -dying in poaco like a Christian man. HI* 1 death is gs his lifo. Hoj lives o life of porUh lenco by his bad example. Such is bis life, such Is bis tfoath, and what is his judgment? Whon all arV gathered fropd fbo throne, fathers',. mother?, sislprs, Ijrolhorq, wlvos, teapbes,' friends and Intimates—then wjll bo tbo confusion of thojmpprp.man,' Then before the oountlpas miUlons will tho bidden deeds of darkness bo brought to light; then will many a whited sopniobro bo laid .open to the countless oyos of wbblo human, race., Then, will ho havo .to stand beforo tbo eyes of wifo,. sisters and friends, and worse still, - tbo oyos of Jesus Christ, and tho mookory . .of tho demons ,who will bury bim in ho11 v wbero tbo flosb bo grati fied will-bo afire for over, Tho very! blood and (marrow, in hi? bones will rqn jp < fire. *- Io uamfis|ot qnp anfi a]fi giVp up i gl) oodasiops of jmpuro tbttugb't« dpd desires, pr olso they wil| have ip giyp qp all hopes of salvation. Let up always rorpprpber omc uaturo is'weak and Ibat it .lPQUnes ns in the dJreotion of tbls vloo, But .' if pray wo will bavo God’s graoo and' then ' temptation cannot affect us. Let us say our morning and pight prayers, frequent tho :8aoramenUf,.va6d will got suoh an instinct of horyop of ifajis Wquld never of entering a {pogazipe with a lighted oapdlp'pr taper in our hand. It was sad and strange that among Catholic men this, vioe,was to,bo found —amongst men taught to be devout to the Mother of God, ■ taught to fospoot tho,Bßorcd« ness of innrriage, niid familiar with associa tions which Hhon|d their minds the Bibssod-Motber of Qod herself, It-is sad to think that Catbolio men who should .bo tho protectors of women plot.and plan and do not rest satisfied 'till- they bring about, their rum in this world and their' everlasting' ruination in tho -next. ’But,, tho day of account will dome and that woman -will i call on her God for vengeance on the man who -robbed her of 'that dearer,than life itself. If they bad . the feelings of Catholic men,, those feelings) whiob were the .themes of poots they would ;evor rospoot their women. • A Catbolio .girl still pure in the' sight of god should over be preoipus io tho sight of Calholio men. It should 1 bo their delight to see her growing up as they would, wish. their own sisters and- daughters to be. In the, society-of Catholic men she should ho able to claim protection from anything which . would bring a blush of shame •« to bier face. In the company of girls they should look bn them as something prooious In tho eyes of .God and remember that if they but stretch out a band to bo the murderer of that soul, and rob. it of semen thing no one can over restore, lot them dread' tho vengeance pf Qod, and tbp angels and saints who willdemand their damnation. Let them never do anything to lead another'soul into sin. Let tbpm remember that when the enemies of their oburoh want to giyo it a stab-in tho back, they look for somo sopndal against holy purity. The mission will bo continued to>day, the evening service commencing at 7 o'clock, And concluding shortly before 8 o’clock. 