NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Lord Wuliwloy, the »ixty-Boventh ntiil 1nnfc orpAtorl of British field mnrlmli», who In jtint ondor61, lm« attnliiofl tlmfc rank fit nil earlier >ga tlmn any non-Royal ofiloor hIiicu the ncon- ,\ion of Gcorga JIT, In 1760, with tho (tingle ex- toption of Arthur, Duko of. Wellington, on 'jrhom it wan con f 01 rod at tho Age of 44. Tho Viird Duke of Richmond waw a month or no ovor M whenhorocoivodifcinl7D6, an Lord WolHoley in rtownmonth or «o under that age. Tho yomigcsfc fold marshal, with thane throoexooptionn, wero Lord Raglan And Sir «T. T Simmon, both of tthom woro promoted at 66. The first nppoint- rents to this rank wore rnado by Georgo II. in \736. Georgo III, lot it all hut dioout in tho first half of his reign. Until rcoontly it senma lohavobccn regarded na a reward for living to in exceftfllvo Age. Of the 35 appointments made by her Majesty 20 were of octogenarian. Until fiii promotion no field marshals had boon ippolnted sinco «Tuno, 1800.' Tho rauk carries lo innrunsn of pay or authority. A now aspeot of tho religious education question seeina likuly to oome to tho front In England, It is rumored (according to the Hock , a well known religious journal) tliat " the trade unions propose to organise a strtlco against religious instruction altogether, if thn recent oiroulnr of the London hoard he insisted on, taking the stand that it is an unjust inter ference with the rights and privileges of tho tcnchcrs. Tho crisis is very grave, and much prayer should ho ottered that tho electors may bo guided lu tho coming November to the selec tion of men who will fearlessly maintain the honor duo to God's Word." At Chester, on 10th May, Misi Francos NVilliains, a lady ot independent moan, was summoned for disturbing tho worshippers in Chester Cathedral by Ringing in an objoctioimhlo way. "The llev. Harold Wright, prooentor, characterised the defendant's airging as an in tolerable nuisance. She not only joined in tho parts Allotted to the congregation, but would also join in the troble solo of an anthem. Her singing, moroovcr, was out of tunc, and two or three notes behind the choir. She had been expostulated with, but it had had no etteot. The bishop oven had made frequent complaints about her. Dr. bridge, organist, corroborated, saying the service had nearly bcon upset on nevernl occa sions by Miss Williams's singing. She had a loud, penetrative voice, but its quality was not very good. He had sometimes found it very, difiicult to accompany, owing to the noise, and the choristors had hard work to keep their countenances and sing proporly. The lady was inost annoying, and turned tho service into a farce. Tho defendant pleaded that she was only following tho choir. Thu bench decided to bind Miss Williams over in £10 not to offend again." At the annual district meeting of the United Methodist Freo Churches, hold At Sunderland, England, on 24th May, tho Rev. A. Wren, of Rellinchnm, called Attention to the deoronuing membership of thoir churches, which he attributed chiolly to tho dancing and klss-in-tho-rlng games so fre quently practised at thoir school treats, ho. Low nnd degrading entertainments, ho said, were frequently held in their schoolrooms, and ho could not wonder at tho dcorcaso in member ship when at ail fchqjr social gatherings dancing was allowed nnd kissing indulged in. Ho knew of representations hnving been given in one town of a public houso brnwi, mid a ghost scene, and whero gatnus wore played for which tho forfeits had to bo paid In kisses. They , should unite in trying to putting a stop to these prac tices, which interfered with, the spiritual work of tho ohuroh. An Ameiican contemporary records how a duck wan drownod by an oyster Tho meek nnd lofty oyster can sometimes hccotno a re vengeful as well as a dangerous antagonist, ns an unwary duok found to his cost a day or so ago over on the eastern shore (Baltimore). This careless duok, belonging to the triho known as 'fishermen,' was swimming about in search of food off the shore ncarOIaiborno when ho espied au oyster — a nice, fat, juicy oyster ho was— with shell widely partod, focding. Tho duck, truo to hi grocdy instincts, dived for that juicy morsel and was about to swallow him whole, without salt or pepper oven, when the angry passions of tho oyster arose, and snapping his shells together oaught tho un- fuispccbing duck's hill in a vico-lika embraco. Tho duok rose to the surface, shook Ids head, nnd mumbled apologies through his tight-shut mouth, but tho bivalve's heart was hardoncd, And ho held on. Soon that ooiiHtaut load pulling down his head, and growing woightior and weightier, began to tiro thn duok, nnd his neck niched lower and lower, until finally it sank into thn water and lie wus drowned. A dock hand on tho steamboat Tangier ?aw the duok floating with head submerged, and picked him up. Tho oyster was still clinging to his victim witli a relentless, deadly grasp, and tho tragedy that must liavo been enacted as described wan revealed. Both the duok and the slayer wero brought to Balti more on tho Tangier, nnd proved quite a curiosity." A very extraordinary incident is said to havn marked the recent oolubration of thu coutomiry of I'io Nono'a birth. "When tho cornmeinnrativo stone was unveiled before the crowd of dis tinguished persoiingCH that had gathorcd in honor of the doparted pontiff, the following in scription was observed by tho horror stricken assemblage, painted in laigc black lottery on its white surface : 11 Here was born Giovanui Maria i Miiatfti — known as I'io IX. — tho executioner of Monti and Tognctti, as also of out compatriot faimonct'lli." It would bo impossible to describe the cttect produced by so startling a rofureuoo to tho Roman martyrs of 1848. With the aid of a rasp nnd a sponge the odious record was obliterated as speedily a3 possible, but the im pression will not be ao soon removed from tho minds of all who took part in thu proooodinga. Every attempt to trace tho author of the out- rago has failed, nnd (says tho Pull A full Budyr.t) ovil tongueo whisper that poor I'io's worst euomy is his successor, who rofuscd to recoivo tho delogatcs charged with tho tank of laying momoriftl wreath on his modest tomb. In England it Is a time honored custom for the Speaker of tho House of Ootmnous to invito his collo&guen; to ft Parliamentary dinner, for which even tho most uncompromising Diogenes is supposed to dress. In Germany they manage thono things differently — wry differently In. deed, if a judgmcut may be hazarded on tho strength of alottor of invitation reoontly inued by Herr Walter, Spoaker of the Houso of Com mons of Bavaria. It runs thus : — " For the honorable membors of tho Houso of Commons four hcotolitres of book boor of tho Ilof Brewury have boeu rosorved. Now, ou Wednesday next, tho sitting will close at 11.45 a.m., owing to the meeting of tho Finanoo Committee of tho Ohambor of Imperial Councillors, so that that day would seem pe culiarly favorable for clearing out the stuff thus reserved. Wherefore I have tho honor most cordially to invito their Excellencies the Minis ters of State, tho Ministerial Commissioners and my Parliamentary colleagues to meet to gether at tho Brewery Vaults, on tho above- named day, immediately after the sitting, and I may add that satisfactory arrangements will bo mado not only for a nulllciont supply of book wursto — a kind of German nausngo — but likewise for tho noonday ineal. Munich, 4th May, Signed, Walter, President of tho Houso of Commons." With the terrible fate of President Oarnot before his eyes, and tho osrtaln knowledge that the deplorable suocess of the French Anar chists will Bharpon tho teeth of tho Nihilists who arc ondeavorlug to compass his own des truction, tho lifo of tho Czar must he one of fearful tension at present. In May the Czar arranged to go to Borki, to tako part in tho cousoorAtiou of a ohuroh In oomroeinora- tion of tho iniraouloiis escape of the royal fnmlly in tho rallwuy disaster at that place. His Majesty's thanks to God would have been hearty, fur nooordlng to the ahnhst daily des patches from St. Petersburg, the Nihilists had been particularly active, and Alexander III. nppuarA to liavo had some narrow escapes. But some rovelations of a new conspiracy wore mado, and tho thanksgiving service was deferred. How many thousands of men and women have been IB looked up by the Russian polios thia year it H would be difficult to say, but tho number is M almost incredible. Ovor the Warsaw political demonstrations on 16th April no fower thnn 16,237 persons were arrested, nnd, according to a H Timet telegram, only 60 Iiavo been since re- B leased. Such figures as these bolp one to roa alise what an awful ferment is going on in the dominions of tho Cx4r. Atiaroliimn being tho scare of the day, the inhabitants of Pnrpignan have lately had n nioo flight. Tho children at the Communal School wme playing In the courtyard, when two young men ittden with odd packages walked In, put down their bundles, and said to each other, "This is just tho place." The frightened children rushed to tho schoolmistress, who came out in suoh a stato of dixmay thut one of the men addressed her politely, saying that ho had ovidimtly disturbed tho eohoul, so ho would oomo again at 4 o'olook. The sohoolmistruss rushed off to the town authorities declaring that the school was to ho blown up at 4 o'olook, and a strong foroo of officials and police assembled to resist the Anarchists. The ex- pcotcd visitors arrived punutually to time, nnd turned out to bo harmless travelling photo- grnphors who made it their business to take groups of school ohildten. An up to dnte disclplo of Charles V. of Spain has hold at a village of tho Yonne department a kind of dress rehearsal of Ids funeral whllo yot in the land of tho living. For tho pust year grave diggers and masons had been engaged in preparing tho geutlomnu's tomb, and he had uurvuyed tho work with loving care. When ovcrytliing was ready he had a handsome marble alab put up, with the date of his birth and the list of IiIb titles nnd distinctions, wind ing up with the comforting assurance that he "had bcon a good father and a law abiding citizen" inscribed there on. On his 95th birthday all his friends and acquaintances were invited to tho rcheartml of his funeral. A solemn burial service took place at tho church, and his empty r.nfv.„ nto?'."! - eatafalrae r.d surrounded witii wax candles, recoived an anticipatory bleds- ; imp To elisor up ills guests, whom this lugu brious cormony inust have somewhat depressed, ho bade thom repair to his bouse, whore a grand banquet took place, at whioh the boodle, the ohnristers and tho priest who are to offiolato afa his real funeral woro presont. Eaoh guest pledged his word in A bumper of ohnmpngno' that if ho wero still living at tho time ho would not fail to "assist" at tho funeral coremony of which the rehearsal had just been gone through. The real event may uot como off vet a while. for this imitator of the famous Emperor is still quite halo and hearty, in spite of his 95 sum mers. f A Gorman physiologist, Sohultz Bohultzcn- stein, Rubjcotod chopped boiled egg to nrtifioinl digestion with hydroohlorlc acid, adding in different oases pure water, tea and coffee. The percentage of albumen digestod by the pure acid was 94, with the water 92, with the tea 66, ami with tho coffeo 61. Tims tho addition of pure water nffuctod tho digestion little, but the tea and coffeo lessoned it very materially. In this experiment the egg was ohopped into milli metre cubo.". In a previous trial, in which tho egg was not ohopped so fine, tho press nee of tea and enffoo was oven moro unfavorable. A new dovioo for locating and clearly marking track defects is now in use on tho Bavarian State rniiroadn. Tho prinoiple of tho appara tus, which works automatically, is baaed on tho fact that every low point or similar defect in a lino of track onuses a shock of greater or loss intensity in a car passing over it, and tho ap paratus is so arranged in tho inspection oar that if tho shook exceeds a certain degree of inten sity a squirting dovioo is brought into operation, from which cither a red or a blue liquid is squirted over tho road bed, making stripes about 2 inches wide from 1 to 7 foot in length. The old story of the Irishman in a bottomless sedan clialr 1ms just been renewed in Paris. A portly and dignified merchant was driving along the Uuo dc Rivoll, the coachman of his cab fol lowing the tramway rails for tho benefit of his jaded horse. A tramway oar c&tno; up behind and signifiod with much blowing of the horn to the cabby to get off the rails, The Jehu tried to do ao, but tho whcols of his vehioie were stuck in tho metals. His fare, thinking he had not hoard tho horn, jumped up to put his head out of window aud call, when tho floor of the vohiclo gavo way. The stout gentleman inside fell through, aud had to run along, shouting to the cabman, hut in vain, to stop. Thu crowd, vastly amuHCil at tho novel sight of a two- legged cab, at length took pity ou tho unlucky man, who was out of breath with hi untoward oxcrtionu, stopped his cab aud extricated him from his unpleasant and humiliating position. Tho trial of a journalist, Charles Flor O'&qunrr;, for ah article refloating upon tho Shall of Persia's personal habits, and asking that his majesty should bo arrested nnd put in prison the next time he canie to Belgium, took place on I6th May. The publio prosecutor stated that ninny Belgians had obtained impor tant commercial concessions in Persia, whioh the Shah might rctciud if he wore allowed to be insulted in Brussels iu tills way. The jury, however, acquitted the accused on tho ground that the freedom of the press must bo res pected. A curious story is told from Streath&m.; Recently a cat kittened, aud ohoso the pulpit of tho Episcopal Ohuroh for its nest. Of course, tho verger was much shocked, nnd cvioted pussy, with hor family. This tho mother resented, and taking a convenient opportunity "perverted "to tho Catholic Church over the way. Thither she carried each of hor kittens, And thero alio remained, to the even greater grief of tho church authorities, who would not havo had this happen on any consideration. It is naively asked if tho powers of tho Court of Chnncory will be invoked hero. 