People's Service i^Tlie service was held for the first time ?Hptbe new building, which the builders beckon will comfortably scat 400 persons. ?The contractors Are to be congratulated ?m the fine appearance and perfect fccoustic properties of the building, every ?rord uttered by the singers and preacher King aiBtincuy neara- au must nave appreciated the change from the former dace in which these services were held, ?tightness and comfort being prominent eatures of the enlarged edifice. 1 The preacher's text was 1st Cor. xii., 8\. It was noticed that baptism was ntended as a badge of brotherhood, but ras often made a dab for warring sects p fight with. The example of a great Brooklyn preacher was quoted, as having mmersed some, sprinkled others, and pnrtd on others, and who never saw by difference in tie Christianity that faulted. We ought to have common rage enough, if we had not Christianity bough, to keep w from quarrelling post details. The one important bap lera was the spiritual one, reference in fas text Spirit baptism. This was fhrist's baptism with the Holy Ghost, hi with fire. Spiritnal baptism was |e way of entrance into the church, fed was defined as composed of all Qod pabited people. When Christ was in I we were in Christ. Pant had an idea 1 *n infinite Christ brooding over the fcrld, and all who yielded to Him wen ken tip into Him and became part of Erlst's mystical body. This wasillus Lted by an atom of earth yielding itself pto a plant and eo taken tip into the Mat Mid becoming a living part of a liv KpWt tt thus passed from death to life Wbm Wfl thus gave ourselves up to KristwBwere not only taken up into Bin but He also descended into us, and E^mysterions Christ life began to ?hion ns into the likeness of Christ, An instance of Professor Huxley watch ing through his microscope the life force ?t work fashioning protoplasm was given in illustration. The practical applica tion of (his great idea of St. Paul's was to emphasise the close relation and one ness of Christians. One sentence may be quoted, reference to difference between sects. A good Roman Catholic could not hate a Protestant, a good Protestant could not bate a Roman Catholic, s good Christian could not bate anyone A practical example of such being the case will be shown on Wednesday evening, when all the ministers of the several churches have promised, I bear, to take part in the 6rst social gathering to be held in the new building. A word for the choir, who did good service, the music rendered must have tended to uplift both preacher and hearer. 