I'arrainatta ISoroush (Jouncil. Aldevnjaii SIIBlv,r and «hc MissSng i'!Son-;,y. Sonic Strong Assertions. ^overiiEitetit ^ranl Aguiti Tin: Pnrrnmatta Borough Cutincil mo1; on Monday evening whan tlio Mayor, Mr. J. 'W. Wilhorn, anrl yMdormon Taylor,' BluJon, l)ix--n, Spark.H, Oamphnll, Aloxlium, Thorpe, Saundors, Ferris', find Miller wern present. Whether it is beuauso tlioro ia one full blown Momb«c of Purliatnont and snvcrnl embryo ones among thorn, or booauHO Itnowinif thiir. no na-inO3s ot actual miporruuuo uoiiU ba trans noted, each of tbo irravo (no (-pocial allinion to Alderman Bladon or Aldorman tipirki) ana reverend (this doeu not refer to Alderman Miller) fatliara settled down to a quiot hour's chat about, nothing in particular, but a dig at each otbor in general. Thorp wiia amontonoui lopcliriou among thn items in tho minute.', a - th.it oven the elocutionary powers of tho acting Council Clerk could not infuse iiuy'lifo into tlio proceedings, although Aldurman Taylor armed himself aiihf.be minute book and imtdri somo of tho older nldcrinon wonder what fins be wns goinit to rake up airainst ihem. M-iyor Withers is .about as cool and cbinforlal)lo a lin.irnnin n-* nun bn nhriiinnrt. fivnn if mi)-).* f.n. special orJer, and though ha bus an unh-ip;iy knack of whiaking in tbu idoa iu tho following moti'in to the ono that, bo is di'sling with, be kuowd jtist where to put bus loot, down, aud each sitcrcdinu sitting ni«ht slnnvs tlinl ho is exactly the Mjtmru man to lit tho curious ahapt-d hole that ho was placed in. He opened the pir formauco by .announcing that acting on a reso lution of tho Council he had attended und given evidence baforo tho L'urriiraattii- Ciistlu Hill Tramway Committee in favor of tho Bill. Tho lately very active body, tho Sanitary Commiltoo, sntit iu a.report, the prinoipal iiem of which was tho recommendation to liavo the removal of tho uigbtsoil within the Borough dono^by eontmcL iustead of tbo present weekly service. This was recoiviid on the motion of the Mayor and Aldorman Campboll, after which u ropurt was rend from tho O\orsoer of Works which no one could uiidoivjtnnd wh'ch was intended to convoy information rela tive to works in progretS in the borough. Hay ing swallowed this pill thoro was no trouble ia disposing of tbo Iinproyumoiit- ? ? and Water Committees' reports received at last mooting and now brought up for adoption. And now uprose that worse than Cock Lane Ghost, the. desicouting machinery. This timo it was brought on the smjje under the gniso of adopting the Sanitary Committee's report of April 20., As expected, Aldorraan Thorpe was not going to allow one of I119 .lo.luruina.for ft holii on the enr uf the public to bo quietly lifted out of his reach, bo, io a rather lachrymose tone, he sjggested, that the machinery could be disposed. of lo much better advautnge by private treaty (he daru say that there were ouo or two Ofieuts about) than if tenders were called, us- recommended by the Committee. All this time Alderman Millar had been adjusting his gold-rimmcd oyo enlnrgprs, anil, when he col the .opportunity, sprang up aud asked 'What has become of the £2100 that bad been borrowed for the express purposa of erecting this machinery ? Thai's ull I want to know, your AVorship 1 ' The order rather upset bis Worship, bui he quickly roso to the occnsion and replied that the money hud been spent under the Nuisance Prevention Account. Of course his Worship knew that that, would not saiisfy Alderman Miller, who kept on like the boy at the monkey's tail — pulling itngain^ — unit wlinn iho TVTft ITU* miPA mnrn I'pnpinprl htu' former sta'cmon;, Alderman Miller waxed savage and asserted that the money had been u.sed for other purposes and that iho.se who bad so used tho monoy weio guilty of malversation of. f uuds aud that thore was a place over the wetter all ready for such persons. The Mayor was wealc enough to argue Alder man Miller instead of ruling him out of order, and iho giddy Gore Warder, seeing his oppor tunity, movod un amendment that the adoption of .tho report toa postponed till next moeiin^. Alderman Spnrks seconded this and then Alderman Taylor- waxed indign mt. It wu.s not at first quite obvious wLut ho was driving against, but after ho hud emerged from bone xth tho cover of his bosom fr.oud the would be ? when-the-eloctiou-is-ne'U'- working-man, ho yellod. no vociferously for an account of what had become of that £2-101) that anybody would think that Alderman Hugh Taylor M.L.A. hud only just b-jen elected to a seat iu the council. Ho scorned lo be very anxious to postpone all tendering till certain persons came to examine the machinery aud would havo been Hpoikiug till ihe morning if Alderman 1'Vrris luid not pulled him up aud told the aldermen what by tho way they Itaeiv boforo that the amount mentioned by tho conscentious Miller and tho heart burst ing Taylor was for tho purohaso as well as tho crootion of tbo machinery. Alderman Muxhuin having endorsed this, Alderman Bladon ex pressed himself in favour of 'illowing tho report to stiind over till uoxt moating. They bad u meoliug at 9 o'clock, be remindod them, to con sider Mr. Gibba' scheme for u soworugo syatem for Parramatta and it would be as well to be abh to consider both schemes together. This very sensible view haying, bean almost unani mously adopted by tho Cuuucil (Aldecmuu Dixou being tho only dissentient) ths acting Ouuncil Clerk pluugsd iuto the corrsspondenco. Thoro wero several formal letters acknowledg ing communications from Under- Seorotaries and also a nota from tho Departmont of Works regretting that tbo Minister nould not sea hi-, way to contribute £100* towards repairing iho asphalt footpath in front of tbo public buildings in I'lirraihuttii. A letter fiom tbo Parrama ta Swimming Club with referenco to tbo heating of tbo bathB was referred to tho Baths and Markets Committee, aud Moses Gazzurd's very wiso-after-tboovent-cimmuuicatiou that night .soil removal work should be done by contract i.mlnnH nf m^Hpi* ttwt iirpMPi't- Mvufmn tv:i4 l-n. ceived in silence. AH outside buainoss having bqou for tho timo disposed of, Alderman Mox biini, who scorns to bo nightly dcvoloping more into tho .stylo of. the man who bogins 'Mr. tipeiilior,' tuoved, — 'That 11 lotter 'bo for wuided to tho Minister for Works askini; if he will causa Thomas-street to be opened up to tho Hospital for Jnsano, and thus allow the con tractors n shorter route to the InstiMition.' Ho considered it was the duty of the Govern ment to upon this road iu justice to tho public generally and the ratepayers of the ward iu puriiouhii'. Aldormau Tuplor fojoujod tbo resolution just, to say that Iu knew that noth ing would bo done in tho future any more tlnm it had in tbo past. AUlormiin Miller, who seems to havo assumed tho oiiiuo of mentor ii) tho Oouticil (theroV no Me. iSqnotns about J. J though) said ho would give his suppurt tci the niotiun if tho words. ' tho 1: .ntructors' wi'i-ii struck oil*, bcu'ius?, urgii'.'d Aldvt'm'uii Miller, wo wnut tin) nnrl for ihe pubiiu, the CKitiMo tor.s aro bu1: uphi-.mur.il ' iiidividuuliiir-.s; '? Kx actly,' tiaiil Aidurmau Dixou', 'ami do ynu think that tho Government is going to spend :i lot uf money to beueiU u few private iudivi tialn, and if thoj' had to do it them Hoives why it would take- ull the money in the ward.' Then Alderman Suunders, who uovor speuk3 only when ho thinks it is plain something tbut !io knuws tho aldermen aro not generaUy acquainted with, (.aid ho would support tho motion if it 'van only with the iilon that if they lio.pt annoying tho depurt. inout they would havo the money grantoil if it was only to get .rid of them. Tho resolution was carried aud eo was Alderman Cuinpbull nearly boing carried out when tho 'Mayor ruled tliat his rcijoiutiuti 'That, in consequunuo i.'t tho iimiuuiiiL btut'i of iho (J-mneil at llio present . time, this Uounuil resolvo its-.-lf into a cum- | miuut- of tin; whdlo fur tho purpose uf taking i somo dcuidi'.d sti-p.s in r-d»cing tliA snbirias of i.ll the nfuVrs who aro j-.iueiving over £130' pur uiiiiuin,' was out of order. 'Out of order' .g.i-pv.i Alileinuiu Oampbjll, ' iniubt 1 asl( you for w'-.ut rLNuou'r' ''Well1' repliod tho rnthor mild mannered Mnyor, 'I dou'l- mind tellinar you. It was far tho bame rens'in tint I ruled Aldprman Thorpe's rnnt.ion in tho haino way.' Alderman Camp bell Kxt do^n i-aii-ifintl, for be; knew his fate beforehand. Aldcrnviu ivloxham *ith tho .'i=-i.-»ti!Ui;a (if Alderman Taylor luul no ditli cult.y in g'jttitii; through a .«? rl' of iilHtrnnt re solulioti,— ??TliMl. his \\\'i)i.-.!ii|i tlw Mavor causo a lettor to be fm warded to the I.; as (J.j'ir. pany, a^kitiK thrm to extend their ens mains to the northern boundary of thn town 'and thin afford tbe Council an opportunity of ernclimr lamps to meet thn rc-qitiretiicnt.s r.t tbn people.' Though not before Alderman Ferris hnd a quiet pop at it by su-jfr!;: -tin^ that the Company bo ulso requested to f_'ivo Ihmn a little more gna and let them Imvi, it. a little purlior, for at ptesont nnu hart to get a ivmdlo to find tbu lamps. Alderman Tnylnr then rone to do the big act of the evening and moved, — That the amendment moved at lush mortiti^ of Council hv Ald^rmnn Tibiclun. :mil sfc.oiulnii liv Alderman Dixon. with referent!!! toilisl.t'er from the AVoiks Departmnnt. and the grauiing of £2.30 for tho purpose of removing Htono from tho river, bo rescinded, and tho same is hereby rescinded.' He waded over tho old ground.' Why should the Government throw £250 as them when thoy wanted every penny they could got ? Alderman Taylor beonmo heated. ' By my God,'' heyelleii, ' it's farthest from my thoughts to benefit, myself.' Ho was only working in the interest of tbo poor work ing man. The Mayor, who is consistent if ho is nothing else, seconded tbe resolution and Aldcimeu Sauuders und Moxbara opposed it. Alderman Dixon liki the rest of tho aldermen would take the £i')0 aud snap at it, but tlio money must be given without any conditions. Alderman Thorpe for a wonder acroo 1 with ttinmaioritT. but as there was somebody opposed to bin. that did not matter. Then Aldormau Taylor turned i ho full strength of his tonguo power on and said they never bad such it mag. uiliccnt or such a beneficent Government in power within tha last twenty years. Ho wus just opening his chost to emit some more electioneering startlers when Alderman Miller broko tho thiehd of his muzo opener by blurting out ' Don't you think you've had enough ot' th'j toothing bottlo?' Aldorman Taylor lost tho giip of tho working man for nn instant, but ho clung on to his lito'hor alderman nnd blurted out ' Don't you talk about the teething bottle, ?or yon ye srot tna teal in your moutu all day. Having killed the Gore Ward nun ALU'imiin i'ayljr proceeded to dilate on y.imo scenes ho .had- -witnessed, whore there were a starving husbands and 18 wives ana childreu (he got a bit. inixo.'l as to which wis which), and became so excited that even the audience laughed at him. When be saw' a prominent cwt while supporter of his slap bis tln'uh and sit back with tho ejaculatiou 'Oh H ? ' it wosn't Hughoe— he sat down sad' but not disappointed — -porhaps ho is training bis nerves to ntnncl the great battle of July next. Tho resolution of course was lost nnd therefore a summdinij tnoliou begging the Minister to forward tho mone.y' (£250) was not routined. Wimn Uio motion was defeated Alderm:i.i Taylor dis played a degree of spirit that in bticU va old parliamentary hand led a good many of tha aldermen to believe that Aldmnan Tuvlor M.L.A., knows inoro about tho conditions annexed to tho olfec nf £250 than bo enres to speak about. That, hnwerer, is « mutter that timo if not Alderman Taylor will tell. 