A Terrible Mystery. (Commenced injour issue of 5th May.) PART II. XIV.—To-morrow. XV.—Lady Helena's BaU. XVL—" Oh, my cousin, ahallow-hearted." XVII.—" For ever and ever." XVIII.—The aommona. XIX.—At Poplar Lodge. XX.—How the wedding-day began. XXI.—How the wedding-day ended. XXTI.—The day after. XXIII.—The seoond ending of the tragedy. CHAPTER XIV.—CONTINUED. " She will love me," he answered; " she has promised it, and Edith Darrell is a girl to keep her word." " So," Miss Catheron said, softly and sadly, "it is the old French proverb over again, ' There is always one who loves, and one who is loved.' She has owned to you that she is not,in love with you, then? Pardon me, Victor, but vour happiness is very near to me."* " She has owned it," he answered, " with the rare nobility and candor that belongs to her. Such affection as mine will win its return—' love begets love,' they say. It must." " Not always, Victor—ah, not always, else what a happy woman I had been! But surely she cares for no one else ? " "She oares for no one else," he answered, doggedly enough, but in his inmost heart that never-dying jealousy of Charley Stuart rankled. " She cares for no one else—she has told me so, and she is pride, and truth, and purity itself. It I lose her through this, then this secret of insanity will have wreoked forever still another lite." "If she iB what you picture her," Inez said, steadily, " no IOBS of rank or fortune would ever make her give you up. But you are not to lose either— you need not even tell her, if you choose." "I can have no secrets from my plighted wife—Edith must know all. But the seoret will be as safe with her as with me." " Veiy well," she said quietly; " you know what the result will be if by any chance' Mrs. Viotor,' and Inee Catheron are discovered to be one. But it sjiall be exactly as you pleaae. Your father iB as dead to you, to all the world, as though he lay in the vaults of Ohesholm ohuroh, by your mother's side." " My poor mother! my poor, murdered, unavenged mother! Inez Catheron, you are a noble woman—A brave woman; was it well to aid your brother to esoape ? Was it well, for the sake of saving the Catheron honor and the Catheron name, to permit a most cruel and cowardly murder to go unavenged ?" What was it that looked up at him out of her eyes? Infinite pity, infinite sorrow, infinite pain. " My brother," she repeated softly, as if to herself; " poor Juan! he was the soapegoat of the family always. Yes, Sir Victor, it was a cruel and cowardly murder, and yet I believe in my soul we did right to eorepn the muf- (Ipfer frojn the ^ror}d. It is in thB hands of tbe Almighty-r-ther* let it Test." ^fhere was a pause—then: "I shall return with you to London and see my father," he said, as one who claims a right. " NQ," she apswerecj. firmly; " it is impossible. Stay! Hear me out—it is your father's own wish." . "My father's wish! But—" "He cannot express a wish, you would Bay. Of late years, Victor, at wide intervals, hiB reason has returned for a brief space: all the worae for i Wm/* • ii ' The worse for him!*' The yoking man looked at her blankly. "Miss Catheron, do you mean to flay It is better for him to be mad ?" , : M Muoh better: such madness AB his. He does not think; he does not suffer. Memory to him is torture; he loved yoflr mother, Viptor; and he lost her— terribly lost her. With memory returns tho npgniah and despair of that loss as though it were but yesterday.' If 'yon saw him as I Bee him, you would pray aB I do, that his mind might be blotted out for ever." " Good Heaven! this is terrible." "life isfull of terrible things: tragedies, secrets; this is one of them. In these rare intervals of sanity he speaks of you. It is he who dir,eoted, in case of your marriage, that you should be told this muoh: that you are not to be brought to Bee him, until—" "Until—" "TJntil he lies upon his death-bed. That day will be Boon, Victor—Boon, soon. Those brief glimpseB of reason and memory have shortened life. What he suffers in these intervals no words of tnine can tell. On his death-bed you are to see him, not before; and then you shall be told the story of your mother's death. No, Victor, spare me cow; all I oan tell you I have (old. I return home by the noon-day train; and, before I go, I should like to see this girl who is to be your wife. See, I will remain by this window, screened by the curtain. Can you not fetch her by some pretence or other beneath it, that I may look and judge for myself ?" '• I can try," he said, turning to go. " I have your consent to tell her my father, is alive? I will tell her no more; it is not necessary she should know you are his keeper." " That much you may tell her: it ia her right. When I have seen her, come to me and say good-by." " I shall not say good-by until I say it at Chester Station. Of course, I shall see you off. Wait here; if Edith is able to come out you shall see her. She kept her room this morning with headache." He left her, half-dazed with what he had heard, fle went to the drawingroom. The StuartB and Captain Hammond were there : not Edith. " Has Edith come down ?" he asked. 'I wish to speak to her for a moment." " Edith is prowling about in the rain, somewhere, like an uneasy ghost," answered Trixy; " no doubt wet feet, and discomfort, and dampness generally are cures for headache $ or, perhaps, she's looking for you." He hardly waited to hear her out before he started in pursuit. As if favored by fortuae, he caught a glimpBe of Edith's purple dreBs among the trees in the distance. She had no umbrella, and was wandering about pale and listless in the rain. " Kdith," Sir Victor exclaimed, " out in all this downpour without an umbrella? You will get your death of cold." "I never take cold," she answered indifferently. " I always liked to run out in the rain ever since I was a child. I must be an amphibious sort of an animal, I think. Besides, the damp air helps my headaohe." He drew her hand within his arm and led her slowly in tbe direction of the window where the watoher stood. "Edith," he began abruptly, "I have news for you. To oaU it bad news would sound inhuman, and yet it has haif-Btunned me. It is this—my father is alive." "Sir Victor!" " Alive, Edith; hopelessly insane, but alive. That is the news Lady Helena and one other have told me this morning. It has stunned me, I repeat. Is it any wonder ? All those years I have thought him dead, and to-day I discover that from first to last I have been deceived." She stood mute with surprise. HiB father alive—madness in the family. Truly ;f , would have been difficult for Sir Viotor or any one else to call this good news. They were directly beneath the window. He glanced up. Yes, a pale face gleamed from behind the curtain, gazing down at that other pale faoe by Sir Viotor'a side. Very pale, very set just now. " Then if your father is alive, he iB Sir Viotor, and not you ? " Those were the first words she spoke; her tone cold, her glanoe unsympathetic. Her heart contracted. " He will never interfere with my claim; they assure me of that. Alive in reality, he is dead to the. world. Edith, would it make any difference— if I lost title and estate, would" I also lose you ? " The beseeching love in his eyes might have moved her; but just at resent she felt as though a stone lay in er bosom instead of a heart. " I am not a sentimental sort of girl, Sir Viotor," she answered steadily. " I am almost too practical and worldly, perhaps. And I must own it would make a difference. I have told yon I am not in love with you—as yet. You have elected to take me and wait for that. I tell you now truthfully, if you were not Sir Viotor Catheron, I would not many you. It is beBt I should be honest, best I should not deceive you. You are a thousand times too good for ao megDBnary creature as I am, and if you leave me lt will only be eerving.me right. I don't want to break my promise,. to draw back, but I fed in the mood for plain speaking this morning. If you feel that you can't marryme on thoBe terms—ana I don't deserve that you should—now is the time to speak. No one will be readier than I to own that it serves me right." He looked and listened, pale to the lips. ' " Edith, in Heaven's name, do you wish me to give you up f " " No, I wish nothing of the sort. I have promised to many you, and I am ready to keep that promise; but if you expi-ct love or •'evotion from me, I tell you frankly I have neither to give. If you are willing still to take me, and''— smiling—"I see you are—I am still ready to be your wife—your true and faithful wife from the first—your loving wife, I hope, in the end." • They said no more. He led her back to the bouse, then left her. He hastened to MISB Catheron, more sombre even than when he had quitted her. "Well," he said briefly, "you saw her?" " I saw her. It is a beautiful faoe, a proud face, a truthful face, and yet—" " Go on," he said impatiently. " Do not try to spare me. I am growing accustomed to unpleasant truths." " I may be wrong, but something in her face tells me she does not love you, and," under her breath, " never will." "It will come in time. With or without love, she is willing to be my wife. - Tb at is happiness enough for the present." "You told her all?" " I told "her my father was alive and insane—no more. It will no difference in our plans—none. We are to be married the first of September." The door opened, and Lady Helena came hastily in. "If you wish to catch the 12.50 train, Inez," she said, " you must go at once. It is a long drive from this to the station. The brougham is waiting shall I accompany you ? " ' I will accompany her,' said Sir Victor. ' You had better return to our guests. They will begin to feel themselves negleoted.' Miss Catheron left the room. In five minutes she reappeared, oloBely veiled, as when he had met her oil the stairs. The adieux were hastily made. He gave her his arm, and led her down to the close brougham. As they passed before the drawing room windows, Miss Stuart uttered an exclamation : Oh! I say! where is Sir Victor going in the rain, and who is the dismal looking lady in black ? Edith, who iB it ? You ought to know.' 'I don't know,' Edith answered briefly, not looking up from her book. «Hasn't Sir Victor told you ?' ' I haven't asked Sir Viotor." < Oh, you haven't, and he hasn't told you ? Well, all I have to say is, that when Tin engaged I hope the object of my affections will keep no secrets from me.' ' As if he could!' murmurs Captain Hammond. ' I declare, he is going off with her. Edith, do come and look. There! they are driving away together, as fast as they can go.' ~ But Edith never stirred. If she felt the slightest curiosity on the subject, her face did not show it. They drove rapidly through the rain, and barely caught the train at that. He placed her hurriedly in an empty carriage, a moment before it started. As it flew by he caught one last glimpse of a veiled face, and a hand waving fare- well. Then the train and woman were out of sight. Like a man who walks in his sleep, Sir Viotor Catheron turned, re-entered the brougham, and was driven home. CHAPTER XV. LADY HELENA'S BALL. Three days after, on Thursday, the fifth of June, Lady Helena PowysB ;ave a very large dinner-party, followed >y a ball, in honor of her American gueBts. When it is your good fortune to number half a county among your friends, relatives, and acquaintances, it is possible to be at once numerous and select. The creme de la creme of Cheshire assembled in Lady Helena's halls of dazzling light, to do honor to Sir Victor Catheron's bride-eleot. For the engagement had been formally announced, and was the choice bit of gossip, with which the shire regaled itself. Sir Viotor Catheron was foil owing in the footsteps of his father, and was about to bring to Catheron Royals one of the lower order aB its mistress. It was the Dobb blood no doubt cropping up—these sort of mesallianoes will tell. An American, too—a governess, a poor relation of some common rich people from the States. The ° best county families, with daughters to marry, shook their heads. It was very sad—very sad, to Bee a good old name, and a good old family degenerate in this way. But there was always a taint of madness in the Catheron blood —that accounted for a good deaL Poor Sir Victor, and poor Lady Helena! But everybody came. They might be deeply shocked and sorry, but still Sir Victor Catheron teas Sir Viotor Catheron, the richest baronet in die country, and Catheron Royals always a ileaaant house to visit—the reigning jady Catheron always a desirable acquaintance OR one's visiting-list. Nobody acknowledged, of course, they went from pure, downright curiosity, to see this manoeuvring American girl, who had taken Sir .Victor, Catheron captive under the aristocratic noses of the best-born, best-bred, best-blooded young ladies in a circuit oftwenty miles. The eventful night came—the night of Edith's ordeal. Even Trix was a little nervous—only a little—is not perfect self-possession the normal state of American young ladydom? Lady Helena was quite pale in her anxiety. The girl was hands-nne beyond dispute, thoroughbred as a young oountess, despite her birth and bringing up in a New England town and Yankee boarding-house, with pride enough f>>r a princess with forty quarteringe, but how would she come forth from the fiery furnace of all th«se pitiless eyes, sharpened to points to watch for gaucheries and solecismB of good breeding — from the merciless tongues that would hang, draw, and quarter her,, the instant their owners were out of the house ? 'Don't you feel nervous, Dithy?' asked Trix. almost out of patience at last with Edith'e serene calm. 'Idohorribly. And Lady Helena has got a fit of. the fidgets that will bring her gray hairs to an early grave, if this day lasts much longer. Ain't you afraid — honor bright ?' Edith Darrell lifted her dark, disdainful eyes. She sat reading, while the afternoon wore on, and Trixy fussed and fluttered about the room. ' Afraid of the people who are coming here to-night—is that what you mean r Not a whit! I know as well as you do, they are coming to inspect and find fault with Sir Victor Catheron's choice, to pity him, ond call me an adventureEs. I know aleo that any one of these young ladies would have married him, and said " Thank you for asking," if he had seen fit to choose them. I have my own pride and Sir Viotor's good taste to uphold to-night, and I will uphold them. I think'—she lifted her haughty,, dark head, and glanced, with a halfconscious smile, in the pier-glass opposite—" I think I can bear comparison by lamplight with any of these " daughters of a hundred earlB," such as—Lady Gwendoline Drexel, for instance.' ' By lamplight,' Trix said, ignoring the rest of her speech. ' Ah, yes, that's the worst of it, Edith; you dark people always light up well. And Lady Gwendoline Drexel—I wonder what Lady Gwendoline will wear to-night? I should like to be the beBt dressed young lady at the ball. Do you know, Dith,' spitefully this, ' I think Charley is quite struck with Lady Gwendoline. You noticed, I suppose, the attention he paid her the evening we met, and then he has been to Drexel Court by invitation. Pa is most anxious, I know. Money will be no object, you know, with Charley, and really it would be nice to have a titled sister-in-law. " My sister, Lady Gwendoline StuaTt," will sound very well in New York, won't it ? It would be a very suitable match for Charley.' ' A most suitable match,' MISB Darrell repeated; ' age included. She is ten years his 'senior, if a day; but where true love~exists, what does a trifle of years on either side signify ? He has money—she has rank. He has youth and good looks—she has high birth and a handle to her name. As you say, Trixy, a most suitable match !' And then Miss Darrell went back to her book, but the slender, black brows, were meeting in a steady frown that quite spoiled her beauty—no doubt at something displeasing in the pages. ' But you musn't sit here all day,' broke in Trix again; 'it's high time you were up in your dressing-room. What are you going to wear, Dith ?' ' I have not decided yet. I don't much care; it doesn't much matter. I have decided to look my best in anything.' She atose and sauntered out of the room, and was seen no more until the waxlighte blazed from end to end of the great mansion, and the June dusk had deepened into dewy night. Then, as the roll of carriages came without oeasing along the drive, she descended, arrayed for battle, to find her impatient slave and adorer awaiting her at the foot of the grand stairway. She smiled upon him her brightest, most beaming smile, a smile that intoxicated him at sight. « Will I do, Sir Victor ?' she asked. Would she do ? He looked at her as a man may look, half dazzled, at the sun. He could not have told you what she wore, pink and white clouds it seemed to him—he only knew two brown, luminous, laughing eyes were looking straight into his, and turning his brain with their spell. ' You are sure I will do ? You are sure you will not be ashamed of me tonight ?' her laughing voice asked again Ashamed of her—ashamed! He laughed aloud at the stupendous joke, as he drew her arm within his, and led her into the thronged rooms, as some favoured subjeot may onoe in his life lead in a queen. Perhaps there was exouse for him. ' I shall look my best in anything,' she had said, in her disdain, and she had kept her word. She wore a dress that seemed alternatively composed of white tulle and blueh-roses; she had roses in her rich, dark, hair,. hair always beautifully worn; Sir Victor's diamond betrothal ring shone on her finger; round her arching throat she wore a slender line of yellow gold, a locket set with brilliants attached. The looket had been Lady .Helena's gift, and held Sir Viotor's portrait. That was her ball array, and she looked as though she were floating in her fleecy white draperies, her perfumery, roses, and sparkling diamonds. The dark eyes outshone the diamonds, a soft flush warmed either cheek. YOB, she was beautiful; so beautiful that saner men than her accepted lover, might have b?en pardoned if for a moment they lost their heads. Lady Helena Powyss, in sweeping moire and jewels, reoeiving ber guests, looked at her and drew one long brdBtb of great relief., 8he might have spared herself all her anxious doubts and fears —low-born and penniless as she was, Sir Viotor Catheron's bride would do Sir Victor Catheron honor to- night. Trix was there—Trix resplendent in pearl silk with a train half the length of the room, pearl silk, point lace, white oamelias, and Neapolitan corals and oameos, inorusted with diamonds—Trix in all -the finery six thousand dollars can buy, drew a long breath of great and bitter envy. ' If one wore the Koh-i-noor and Coronation Robes,' thought Miss Stuart sadly, 'she would shine one down. She is dazzling to-night. Captain Hammond,' tapping that young warrior with her point-laoe fan, ' don't you think Edith is without exoeption the most beautiful and elegant girl in the rooms?' And the gallant oaptain bows profoundly, and answers with a look that points the speech: 'With one exoeption, Mies Beatrix, only one.' Charley is there, and perhaps there oan be no doubt about it, that Charley is, without exoeption, far and away, the best looking man. Charley, gazes at his cousin for an inBtant on the arm of her proud and happy lover, radiant and smilmg, the centre of all that is best in the room. She lifts her dark, laughing eyes as it chanoes, and brown and gray meet full. Then he turns away to a tall, languid rather passive lady, who is talking slowly by his side. Is Miss Darrell really his cousin? Keally? How extremely handsome she is, and how perfectly infatuated Sir Viotor seems. Poor Sir Victor! What a pity there is insanity in the family— insanity is such a very shocking thing. How pretty Miss Stuart is looking this evening. She has heard—it is truecan Mr. Stuart inform her—are all American girls handsome ?' And Charley—as Captain Hammond has done—bows, and looks, and replies: 'Iused to think so, Lady Gwendoline. I have seen English girls sinoe, and think differently.' Oh, the imbecile falsehoods of society! He is thinking, as he says it, how pallid and faded poor lady Gwendoline is looking, in her dingy green satin and white Brussels lace overdress, her emeralds and bright golden hair—most beautiful and most expensive shade to be had in London. He is thinking how the Blanc de Perle and rouge vegetal is showing on her three-and- thirty-year-old faoe, and what his life would be like if he listened to his father and married her. He shudders inwardly and giveB it up —' that way madness lies,' and while there is a pistol left, wherewith to blow his brains out, he oan still hope to escape a worse fate. But Lady Gwendoline, freighted with eleven seasons' experience, and growing seedy and desperate, clings to him as the drowning cling to straws. She is the daughter of a peer, but there are five younger sisters, all plain and all portionless. Her elder sister, who chaperones her to-night, is the wife of a rich and retired manufacturer, Lady Portia Hampton. The r^ch and retired manufacturer has purchased Drexel Court, and it is Lady Portia's painfal duty to try and marry her sisters off. The ball is a. great success for Miss Edith Darrell. The men rave about her, the women may sneer, but they must do it covertly; her beauty, and her graoe, her elegance and high breeding, not the most envious dare dispute. Mudc swells and floats deliciouBly— scores are suitors for her hand in the dance. The flush deepens on her dusk cheeks, the streaming light in her starry eyes—she is dangerously brilliant to-night. Sir Victor follows in her train whenever his duties allow him ; when he dances with others his eyes follow his heart, and go after her There is but one in all thoBe thronged rooms for him—one who is his idol— i his darling—the pride, the joy, the j desire of life. ' 'My dear, I am proud of you tonight,' Lady Helena whispers onoe. ' You surpass yourself—you are lovely beyond compare. You do us all credit.' And Edith Darrell's haughty eyes look up for a moment and they are flashing through tears. She lifts, the lady's hand with exquisite grace, and kisses it. The smiles chase the tears, and slie is gone on the arm of some devoted cavalier. Once—only onoe— she dances with Charley. She has striven to avoid him—no, not that either—it is he who has avoided her. 8he has seen him—let her be surrounded by soores, she has seen him whispering with Lady Gwendoline, dancing with Lady Gwendoline, fanning Lady Gwendoline, flirting with Lady Gwendoline. It is Lady Gwendoline he leads to supper, and it is after supper, with the enchanting strains of a Strauss waltz filling the air, that he comes up and asks her for that dance. ' I am sure I deserve it for my humility,' Ke Bays plaintively. 'I have stood in the background, humbly and afar off, and have given you up to my betters. Surely, after all the bitter pills I have been swallowing, I deserve one sugar plum.' She laughs, glances at Sir Victor, making his way towards her, takes his arm rather hurriedly, and moves off. 'IB Lady Gwendoline a pill or a sugar-plum?' she asks. 'You certainly seem to have had an overdose of her.' 4 1 owe Lady Gwendoline my deepest thanks,' he answered gravey. 'Her efforts to keep me amused this evening, have been worthy of a better cause. If the deepeBt gratitude of a too-trusting heart,' says Charley, laying his hand on the Bide of his white waistooat, ' be any reward for such service, it is hers.' Obey float away. To Edith it is the one dance of the night She hardly knows frhether she whirls in the air or on the waxed floor; she only knows that it is like heaven, that the music is celestial, and that it is Charley's arm that iB clasping her close. Will ehe ever waltz with liim again she wonders, and she feels, feels in her inmost heart, that she is sinning against her affianced husband in waltzing with him now. But it is so delioiouB—what a pity most of the delicious things of earth should be wrong. If it could only last forever —forever! And while she thinks it, it stops. ' 0 Charley! that was a waltz!' die says, leaning on him heavily, and panting ; ' no one else has my step as you have it.' 'Let us trust that Sir Viotor will learn it,' he responds coolly; ' here lie ooines now. It was a charming waltz, Dithy, but charming things must end. Your lawful proprietor approaches ; to your lawful proprietor I resign you.' He was perfectly unflushed, perfeotly unexcited. He bows, smiles, yields her to Sir Victor, and saunters away. Five seconds later he is bending \ over Lady Gwendoline's chair, whispering in the pink, patrician ear resting against the glistening, golden chignon. Edith looks once—in her heart she hates Lady Gwendoline—looks once, and looks no more. And as the serene June morning dawns, and the larks and thrushes pipe in the trees, Lady Helena's dear five hundred friendsj sleepy and pallid, get into their carriages and go home. (To be continued.} 