THE UNION PARLIAMENT. Thursday, June 2S. The Speaker (Mr. G. IT. Hussey) took the chair at 7.30 p.m. THE BUDGET SPEECH. The Treasurer (Mr. O'Dea), in answer to a question, said the budget would be delivered at the last meeting in July. PURCHASE OF ANLABY ESTATE. The Commissioner of Crown Lands (Mr. Wreford) said the Government favored the purchase of the Anlaby estate if the officials reported that the transaction would be advan tageous to the colony. EARLY CLOSING. Mr. A. Fielding moved— In order to secure a more uniform systeta of early cloBtng of retail shops it is desirable—1. To divide the province into districts, to bs defined by the executive council. 2. Upon application being made by one fourth of tbe shopownera or assistants In any district, a plebiscite shall be taken of owners and assistants (voting separately) with reference to eatly closing in such distiict. 3. Shonld an absolute majoiity of both parties voting or a two- thirds majority of either be secured in favor ot early closing of shops in any trade legal effect shall be given to same. 4. Pro vided that no shop shall ba compelled to close ea-lier than 6 p m., ej.oep'ing one dav lu each ik, wbeqg by spsciU vote doling not earlier that 1 p.m. may be enforced. The principle of early closing was not a new thing, and he_ did not olaim for a moment that the motion waB original, aB it was founded upon _ the report of . a Royal Commission which sat in 1892 and recom mended the scheme he suggested as the best means of _ settling the question. lb was highly desirable that shop assistants should be given shorter hours, because the present hours were injurious to their health. In most of the city, shops the hours specified in tha motion were observed,"^and this fact proved that the system could be carried out with advantage to employer and employed. It was nothing but just that the Bystem should be applied generally, and there was no question as to the beneficial effect that would be pro du'jed. No one would deny that standing in heated shops from 11 to 15 hours day must be injurious to the assistants, and if, as _ had been proved, business could be carried on just as satisfactorily under the eight hours principle, there was every reason in favor of that oourse being adopted. The motion was seoonded. Mr. Cook opposed the motion. It seemed as if Mr. Fielding was employed by the Bundle-street shopkeepers to move the motion because they were afraid their trade was going to the suburbs. Mr. Fielding—I object to Mr. Cook saying I am engaged by Bundle street shopkeepers. Mr. Cook never said Mr. .Fielding was engaged. All be said was that it appeared as if he were. (Laughter.) If the resolution Vera carried he supposed they would 'close .every small shop in the back streets, and that would be unjust and absurd. In the case of most of the small shop3< the people keeping them lived on the premises, and it was not diffioult for them to attend to the business as well as to the duties of home life. At present only a few Bhops were kept open in Rundle street. ("Why should they monopolise th9 trade?") They did not. No sensible man would spend a shilling in a shop after 6 o'olock, and the best way to close the shops was to decline to patronise them. The motion was un-English, and it Bhould be rejected. The Chief {Secretary (Mr. Milne) moved the adjournment of the debate for a fortnight. Carried on a division by 2-i to 10. assisting the village settlements. Mr. T. Gum moved— That the house resolve itself into a committee of the whole to oonsider the following motion "Thac with a view to enabling the villaze settlements of South Auetralia to tide over the first year ortwoot their existence it is desirable tbab the Government subsidise pound for pound all privat3 subscriptions that are given for that purpose." Carried. The Speaker reported that it would be necessary to appoint a chairman of committees. The Treasurer moved— That Mr. B. Johnson bs appointed chairman of committees for the session 1S91. Carried. Mr. Johnson, in returning thanks for the honor, said he hoped that before the session ended he would have proved that their con fidence was not) misplaced. In committee. Mr. Gum said there was a declaration in the government polioy that they viewed with satisfaction the establishment of' the village settlements, whioh would have a benefioial effeot and would minimise the unemployed difficulty considerably. Hps understood the government to regard the settlements as a step in the right direction, and to say they were prepared to give the settlers all reason able assistance in order to 6nsure success, or at least a fair trial. The motion set out a very admirable method by whioh the government could substantially help the settlements. If the village settlements could be made success ful a lot would be done in the way of solving the great unemployed problem. He could not see how^the difficulty oould be settled other wise. It was possible to relieve the intense pressure occasionally, but the question would never be thoroughly disposed of until the honest working men were assisted by the Government and the public on to the land. He did not say the settlements would be an unqualified success, but as they had been started well it was the duty of the Govern ment to see that everything was done to give them a good trial. The settlements should not be allowed to collapse for want of a little monetary help. Certainly something was being done by the Government in the way of advancing money on improvements, but that was not enough; beside which the system might induce people to make unnecessary im provements. The Speaker—Orders of the day. The Treasurer moved the postponement of the orders of the day until after Mr. Gum had oompleted his speech. Carried. Mr. Gum said the present system of giving assistance might lead to settlers making super fluous improvements for the sake of being able to claim money with which to'provide the necessaries of life. The carrying of the reso lution would induce many private people to open their purses, and as very good work was being done on the various settlements he hoped -the Government would'view the motion favor \ ably and consent) to give assistance as he indioated. Progress waa then reported and leave obtained to sit again at the next meeting. law EEFOiur. ' Adjourned debate on the motion of the Attoenev-Gjekeral— * That it is desirable to provide for tfce more spfedy and inexpensive administration of justice—(1) By abolishing the right) of rrla] by jury in civil cases; (2) by enlarging the jurisdiction of Local Courts by giving them unlimited jurisdiction in money actions; (3) by providing for more freqnent nittwgB of the Supreme Court in its civil jurisdiction; (4)-by-pro viding for the trial of all aotiong m which the amount in dispute ia over £100 by one of the judges ol the Supreme Court. To which Mr. Savage had proposed to add— 5\. By establishing courts of arbitration In oivil oases. Mr. C. Allen— 6\. That laymen have the right to represent in courts of law any parties to actions at law.' And Mr. W. H. Cherry— 7\. That in the event of a litigant losing: his case he is not responsible for any fees, &c;, to the lawyer or lawyers conducing his oase. Mr. J. E. Viego supported the resolution, and would oppose some of the amendments, espeoially that submitted by Mr. Allen. It would be anything but wise to consent to such an amendment as that moved by Mr. Allen, because a large number of young men were specially educated at considerable expense and trouble for the bar, and it would not be right to introduce the new element suggested. He would give the original motion all his support! Mr. Tassie did not think the amendment of Mr. Cherry was worth considering, because' there was nothing in it. If they passed a resolution that a person was not to be respon sible for the bread he obtained from his baker, was it likely the baker would serve him ? Cer tainly not; and the same argument applied to j the lawyer. . ' The Attobnet-General (Mr. J. M. Solo mon) said some members repeatedly argued that law was not juBtice; but in spite of their assertions he claimed that law was justice eo long as it was law. It might not be ideal justice, but so long as it was law it was justice. I The duty of the legislature was to make laws whioh as nearly as possible approximated to the ideal justice they had in their minds. A good deal had been said respecting the aboli tion of trial by jury in civil cases, and recently a case had arisen in Victoria which had an important bearing cn this subject. He alluded to the case in which a child of tender years fell' out of a railway carriage and sustained such severe injuries that the doctors' bills amounted to £150. The jury having gone into the case came to the conclusion that a verdict? of £50 would suffice. The judge was.^so astounded at the absurdity of the verdict that he almost refused to take it, but unfortunately he was" compelled to. Several Melbourne legal gentlemen were interviewed on the subject of trial by jury by reporters, and Mr. Marshall Lylesaid—"Trial by jury is to-day nothing but the ghost of an honorable institution whioh before the rise of modern democracy served the people well, and was a necessity of our society at a certain stage of development. It has acoompanied us so long that, like the gradual abolition of capital punishment during this century, we will part with its last re mains with regret. It is almost now com pletely gone, being quietly removed while we slept. Trial by jury is now a farce, its political functions being better performed by Parliament, and its legal funotions by a trained judge. But it is s> disgrace to submit to 12, perhaps, ignorant men complicated issues, which sometimes involve the considera tion of the evidence of scientific wit nesses, and who frequently have told me, in life and death cases, that they did not understand the evidence at all. The present failure of our expensive penal system to adequately protect the people in their lives and property from the acts of criminals is largely "owing to the introduction into our courts, through the jury-box, of sentiments opposed to any sound principles of penal jurisprudence. Henca all the nonsense which one hears in the Criminal Court, and the ora tions of bletherBkite and bunkum. At present, if I have a bad case, I prefer to go before a jury. If I have a good case my client's in terests are muoh safer before a judge. I desire to strongly protest against the popular notiog that trial by jury is a success in criminal matters. It is only eo from the criminal's point of view. If jurymen were forced to state fully in court the reasons for their verdicts, as in all justite they ought to do, scarcely one verdict in ten would bear investigation, and the absurdity would soon become evident to the people." Mr. Kirkman eaid he did notthinkthe fourth portion of the motion would work well in the country, but he disagreed with him on that point. The difficulty could be easily overcome by sending the judges into the country periodically to deal with cases of the description. So far as arbitration was con cerned and the proposal to establish courts\of arbitration m civil caBes, he might inform members that a case had come under his notice in whioh an amount of £200 was involved, but the oosts ware so enormous that less than half of the total was left when the verdict was given. The expense would not have bean nearly so great bad the matter been referred to a court of law. In every other case experience -had proved that settlement by arbitration was far more expensive than by the ordinary oourt procesB. The proposal of Mr. Cherry was the most absurd he had ever heard, and Mr. TasBie's illustration was very apt. Lawyers had to live as well as litigants, and did Mr. Cherry think they would continue to work for olient3 day after day and week after week with the full knowledge that they were not going to be paid 1 The thing was ridicu lous. He hoped they would carry the motion. The amendments were all lo3t and the motion was carried. CONTROL OF THE LIQ0OR TRAFFIC. Adjourned debate on'Mr. J. T. Kirkman'a motion— That in the opinion of this house the State should take the entire oontrol of the liquor traffic., Mr. Taylor said the liquor traffic waB a great ourse, and he would do everything to curtail the practice of drinking to excess. Something should be done to oontrol the traffic. There were two proposals before the country, total prohibition and an alteration in the existing law. Prohibition would inorease rather than do away with the difficulty. The question required the most careful handling. He thought that if the Government took over the control of the traffic the public would be supplied with a better article than they were at present, and if that were the case less drinking would be engaged in. ("Nonsense.") Publicans should not be allowed to serve customers who had had enough. ("How are they'to find out?") Mr. Bkidgland did not think the arguments were sufficiently strong to warrant them in voting in favor of the State taking oontrol of the traffio. He was sorry Mr. Kirkman did not suggest a means of raising the money that would be needed to give entire efieot to the motion. Mr. Savage waB surprised at the Govern ment treating the motion as an open question. The idea was not that the Government should make a profit out of the trade, but simply that they_ should control it for the benefit of 'the public, and the adoption of the policy set forth in the motion would undoubtedly be beneficial. He referred to the-Gothenburg scheme, and said the proposal before them was far prefer able. A good many temperance reformers would like to introduce prohibition, but that would never work in South Australia, where wine-making was going to be such an impor tant industry. It would be absurd to do away with beer and spirits and allow wine-drinking to go on undisturbed. He supported the motion. Mr. Denny said the question was entirely a moral question and not one of profit. As to the cost of taking over the trade, if it was right to take it over that course should be adopted regardless of expense. If the government took control of the traffio there would be some guarantee that the abuses whioh at present crept in would be done away with. He would support the motion. On the motion of'Mr. Fielding, the debate was adjourned for a fortnight. THE LAND PROPOSALS. Mr. Savage gave notice tnat .at the nexb meeting he would move that— In the opinion ot thia house the land propcmals of the government are so orude and iU-adviBed »8 to be altogether unworkable and are totally ineuflioienti to deal Kith the land question. The house then adjourned for a fortnight. 