HUMS OF THE WHEEL. The Nowcastle :branch' of the Laogue of New- South Wales Wheel men have issued a splendid pro gramme for their race meeting on June Oth. The events set down for competition are half and one mile open handicaps, of 6 sovs each; two miles open handicap, of 15 sovs; one mile roadster handicap, for northern league members only, of £6 O0s; five milos championship of. New South Wales, prizes gold medals and 5 sovs; one mile fancy costume handicap, child's bicyolo ra6oe,and.i75yds foot race. The meeting will uidoubtedly be the finest over hold in this city, a large contingent of competitors from Sydney, Singleton, Maitland, and various parts of tho colony, having promised to. dompete. The committee are making arrangements with the cricket 'club,' for the ::*safe banking of the 'track,. the oyclists offering to provide the material, if the oricket club will provide, thp labour., The track is now. much wider, and only requires propoerly banking to make it fast and safe, The. cycling body intend holding their annual meeting in October, and it is only fair that the track should be as safe as possible. On Saturday Messrs. M'Loan, A, E. Mooro, Nioholls, and Bradbury had a very enjoyable tour. Leaving Newcastle about 3 o'clock they reached Cosenook, about 40 miles, at 6.45 ; a stiff head wind, however, was found rather uncomfortable. The party re turned on Sunday, and leaving Cess nook shortly after breakfast, had dinner at Maitland and rode to fay mend Terrace, reachin'g Newcastle in time for tea, The day was beautifully fine, and the homeward trip was most enjoyable. Messrs, J. D. Smith and Percy Tay lor on Saturday last performed the feat of riding overland to Sydney. Leaving Newcastle with the other tourists, Cossnook was reached for tea. Pushing on, Messrs. Smith and Taylor arrived at Wollombi, *whore the night was spent. The trip was resumed in the morning, and after a very rough journey they arrived in Sydney on Monday. At the Parramatta Bloylo Club's sports the Ton Miles Amateur Cham pionship will be run off, Wallio Keorr -is, favourite, and should about win, with Simpson second, and Wynne third. The latter is reported to have performed a great trial, and his friends have great hopes that he will beat the little, champion, The fiSoeld for the event is very largo, and it has boon suggested that .the competitors who havo not a ghost of a chance should be debarred from 0om~ poting, and the suggestion is worth onsitdoration, rican Cyng arty ,Vlaslt of au Amorlean Oyolng Partyi to England. - Arrangements have been completed in New York for the departure next July of a large party of lady and gentlemen cyclists. The party is purely on pleasure bent, but their advent in England is bound to arouse considerable interest, especially as some of the fair members of the party will appear in the so-styled 'rational costume,' which is not unlike the English 'bloomers.' A long tour has beeoon mapped out for those lovers of the wheel, and it is intended, to visit all the centres of interest ': in Ireland, Scotland, and England. At a committee meeting recently'~ ?held it was resolved that theo party should not exceed thirty-five, and this resolution has caused a good deal of dissatisfaction, as upwards of 000 refusals had to be made. 7 The firm of honior, chocolate merch ants, have put up for competition at 24 hours a golden trophy valued at £200, on the lines of the Cuca Cup, except that it is open to anyone, not confined to ilicensed amateurs.-.-_N. Cycling is a luxury in Florence, each cycle being taxed '18 francs a year. The wheelmen' there do not object, boebausb it insures their rights, and keelis them free from cads or castors. " It is estimyted that one person out of every 180 in the United States owns or rides a bicycle... This works out at 361,111 maohinos. 