TALK O' THE TOWN. 1'arliamkxt is getting close to its last days. On Tuesday or Wednesday next, it will bo prorogued, and by thu eud of the mouth it wi I have ceased to fxint. The elcetions will probably tako place early ill July, uud I suppose in a few days— certainly us soon as thu prorogation proclamation is issued— the hattlu will commence ill earnest. Ui) to this, it has only been skirmishing,— n kind of gontle exertion, just to keep the candidates in condition. As the trainers say, walking and cantering having beeu carried on aa far as they were necessary, " fast work " will lie patronhod. A few, no doubt, will find that they wero ready before their time,— tht they did strong gallons nhtiu they ought to huvo been only iudulging iu waUiug exercise, — and when tho real race commences they will be fouud overtrained aud unable to stay the dtstauco. Tho elections this timo will bo very exciting in all the constituencies, hut I don't think Unite will be so many changes as people imagine. Thu "old parliamentary huuds" may ho threatened, but somehow I havo uu idou tliut must of them, whether Ministerialists or Oppositionists, — will come out nu top. Oue thing, however, is very cvldont, a great many elcctom will not vote. A largo percentage in ovcry electorate do not scent to care whether thuy receive their rights or not. In Dubbo, about 300 have unt got them, und, us u voto in enntiugeut mi tho p ssesston of a right, many of these will not turn up ou polling day. Whilu it is extremely desirable that every man who possesses the franchise should excrciao it, nothing is Inst by the ub9tuotioii of those alio do not place enough value uu tne privilege tu causa them to look uftcr it. Men who do n.»t think it worth whilu to ohtuin n | right "—for it can bu g »t for tho asking— are just thoso who will voto any way when they go tu the ballot box. They ure tho kind uf voters who will not think for themselves, hut submit to bo led by the nose or driven like sheep to u fold. I don't see, therefore, very much to regret iu their disfranchisement. That Coalbnggio ghost is still tormoatiug tho fituiu family. It is now amusing itself by trying lu burn down tha house and make a bonfire of the girl®' dresses. Tho invisible visitor is evidently net very chivalrous, or ho would teuvo tho woiunc's finery alone. But, after all, I think thu Coalbug- gie hobgoblin have been outdone by tho spirits, which huve been conjured up >u Melbourne, by that respectable und intelligent body, called the I'yschiuul Research Society, uml uf which the Rev. Charles Strong is a loading member. Thu spiritual visitants appear In glistening garments, shuke huuds, cat buuucuks with aviditv, and appreciate chocolates. One of the spirits has acknowledged himself in ho a certuiu Geurdio Tliomps-'ii, " frao Aberdeen awu. ' and he talks, wo are told, with uu accent peculiar to Aherdonians. What par ticular Geurdio Thoinpsnu ho may bo is unt uf course told by him, but it strikes mo as singular that his christian name should bo " George.' That's tho prenomcn of the fellow, who is making thiugs " quick and lively " fur thu Stein family. Bannocks arc, however, tho Ahcrdecu man's delight, whilo tho Coalbaggio youth hus a prefer ence for euld vegetables lie wou't take them off the table ur out of y«ur hand, as tho better man nered und less shy Melbourne uhu;),— he wauls tho plutu tu bo placed under tho table, uud then he will ultucw it. Uf course, I (lout want to say any- thing nbaut cither of the twu phciiomcnu. I am quite prepared to beliovo there nro more things iu hcuveu aud earth than uro dreamt of iu our philusopliy, but still I ouu't help assorting that the spirit which ato tho bun ut tho Meluourno seance may bo fairly said to " take the cake." A young Englishman— not long froin the sound of Bow Bulls— who is seeing life iu the back blocks relates Ids experiences of his first Q>tccu's Birth day in Australia. Ho dates his letter from Salt- hush, a rising town on what peoplo cull the Never Never country — " Qucou's Birthday," ho soys, "was colebruted here to-dayin what is calted the good old fashion— bush races and ball. Races wretched, bull abominable, nud fighting dutnnuble. There were scratch races for saddles, bridles, and whips. Very tamo and poor sport j could get moro excitement und fuu out of u merry-go-rouud. The ball was a fair picnic— a two- shilling hop. Such a conglomeration of femato ugliness I never saw in ouo hall before. Ginger hair uml freckled faces predominated. M.C. waj drunk, and pianist could not play. M.C. had a :ow, and a fight was commenced outside, a few yards from the hat). Of course, all the "gcntlomen " left the room to the "luilies" and procso led to tho light. It was stopped, huwovcr, and thu M.C. brought back, aud the dunce resumed. The fight was resumed next morning. Tho M.C. Sot iu three blows ami knocked the other fellow own, and he wouldu't come again. M.C. murclicd off whistling, "Sua tho Conquering Hero Comes," und the "gcntlcmeu" (who wero moro or less drunk) retired to u little "twu-up" school that was in, and amused themselves in taking each other down, and singing at intervals " God fiavo the Queen." Tho writer thinks he has had about enough colonial experience, and talks of spending the uext birthday of Her Majesty strolling through thu green lanes of old Englana instead of shooting folly us it flies ou tho arid plains of " sunny Now South Wales." A friend sends along tho following regarding Mr. James Tyson, and he thus introduces it : — " There is no better yarn pitcher in the colony than the millionaire, Jimmy Tyson. Get him in good humour and he is seldom, if ever, out of it, and give him a start, in the shape of a topic, and he will tell you a yarn, or rather deliver you a treatise, worth listening to. I was camped in a hut with him one night some twenty-five years ago, in which there was one chair and a couple of three-legged stools, "You take the chair," said he to me, " and give me the stool ; I'd sooner have the stool. I have no love for furniture" 'Tell me," said I, "how you come to have such s dlslike of everything in the shape of a decent piece of furniture." "Well, Mr.," said he, "it's a long story, and it to some extent involves the telling of my own history; but if you'd listen to it, nothing will please me better than to tell it you. Well, when I was s young man I hired myself out to take a draft of bullocks down to Sydney for Jimmy O'Brien, of the Murrumbidgee. After delivering them at Homebush, I went into Sydney, and, gaping about in shop windows, I saw a nice little silver-mounted flute. I thought my brother John, who could play the 'Jew's harp' fairly well, would learn to play it, and that it would be a nice present for me to take home to him. John and I were dairying at the time on a little back block. On my return home, I handed John the present I had for him. He said it was kind of too to think of him, but he feared that I did not spend my money well, ever so few shillings said he would be better spent in something that would be growing than in a thing that would be daily decaying, The flute was hung up on a nail over the mantelpiece with a piece of ribbon for John never attempted to play it, but I blew away at it till I satisfied myself most conclusively there was no music in my composition, and hung the thing up again for good. One day, however, a party of cattle musterers brought their cattle to our yard and camped with us for the night. One of these chaps seeing the flute inquired who owned it?" I said, "it was John's," he said, "no, It was mine." Whereupon the party who made the inquiry said, "oh well, if neither of you own it, I'll take it," and he proceeded to remove it. I stopped him, we having a bit of a friendly scuffle. Later on, during the night, the same chap said to me, "now, Jimmy, I have a beautiful little brindle springer in the yard, and I'll exchange her for the flute." I saw the heifer in the morning, and the bargain was struck. Seven years after that 1 sold the male progeny of that one heifer in Bendigo for £92 10s, aud then had eight head left. This £92 10s I gave to my brother, John, who put it into the butchering business in Bendigo, and I kept tally of the amount it had swollen to inside twenty years when it just became beyond my counting, but apart from that, I did well out of the brindle heifer as a butter and cheese maker, and when I bought Heyfield I sent her down there where her increase grew to a little herd. Of course I didn't make us much money out of the female half as I did out of the male half of the brindles, but I can say with absolute truth that half at least of what I now possess is traceable to the trucking of the flute for the brindle heifer, and now, Mr. — is it any wonder that it pains me to see poor people with carpets on their floors and pianos in their parlours which are never opened, and which nobody about the place can play ; whilst they have plenty of grass on their runs going to waste for the want of something to eat it ? Lots of these people actually borrow money to buy costly furniture. I can't imagine anything more short-sighted than this. To tell you the truth Mr. — I prefer camping out to going to such people's places, as I feel in pain all the time and in constant dread of what is uppermost in my mind being drawn out of me and thus offending people whose hospitality I am accepting." I certainly am much averse to the Executive changing its deliberate opinion because of popular clamour, Bnt I do not think thero would have beeu any loss of dignity or sny unwarranted interference with the course of justluo If the eondemnod burglars, Williams andgMontgoniery, hnd liacn reprieved. Technically, no doubt, their crime came within the iodietinent charging them with assaulting with intcut to murder, hut really It did not. They were escaping from arrest, and struck right aud left, without any thought of anything hut getting away from tho police. They naver should havo been charged with the offence they were tried for. The Criminal Law Aot provides specially for suoh cases as theirs, and under another clause they ought to havo been arraigned. Thero is a great deal of difference between the assault committed cooly and with premuditatiun and one purpotratod as that of which they were guilty. The fruiners of the law provided for such, and it was a straining of tho law applying thu punishment of death to their case. Tho Executive, thoreforo, as a matter of strict justico— ns really a sober following of the law— ought to have commuted tho sentence of death to penal survitudo for life. It is no argument to soy that tho two men havo been bad lots. If thoy wore as blackened with crbnu as a chhnnoy is with soot, thuy should nevertheless got justico. The ways of the tramn aro various. $|Tho other day a broken down looking specimen of humanity called at a house in tho town, Ho pitched tho the same old yarn, no work, starvation, and suoh like, lie would be glad of clthor mohey or rations, He was told there was nothing in stock just then but a little flour, and ho could have some. He was profuse in his thanks, and handed in his bag, Thu huuiewifu gnvo half of the flour sho had, and the man asked If thero wero any black tracker. In town. Black tracker.," mid the tady, " I don't know, but what do you want them for!' And ho replied, "Well, mum, I'd like to put thom on tliu trnok of that flour you navo inc to aco if they could And it." A mother and hor aix year old daughter were recently eittlng together before tho fire, aud tho former askoil tho latter if sho said hor prayers every night. "No ma," .aid tho child. " Ob uluit a naughty girl," remarked the mother, " God won t love you aud guard you If you don't any your prayers." " But mo," replied tho daughter, I ueen t say my prayer., Dou't I pnt threepence on the pinto ovcry Sundav." WILL HONEYCOMB. 