Ill aiKl lround The Stock. Any person coming to The Rock at the pre terit timo would exclaim, us he gazed about }iimf " .Surely the nelsons have changed, this must, indeed, be the springtime." True he would not peo the daisies peeping above the ground, nor would he" hoar the song of the birds nor the mellow drone of the fie foi.mblebce. Bub ho would see around him the green sward and luxuriant growth of, grass that belongs to the spring of the oar» and the big blue gums along tho creek which throw a delightful shade, seems to enhuuee the beauty of the picture, and aid in the delusiou. Tho Rock, I am told is a great pic nic resort. This splendid outlook is" of course, due to the late copious rains of •which The Rock had more than her share. Having put up ut the King's Own Hotel for tho night, and hearing the coach was going to Bullenbong tho following day (Saturday), I thought I would take the op portunity of going there, and Boeing Mr. James liolgcr of "The Priory" believing that as he had spent three years in America, that I would get a good deal of information, or that some of the statomonta I bod made about farming in California would be verified. Mr. Montgomery kindly made room for mo in tho coach or rather buggy, which, by tho way, ia one of the easiest I have travelled in, and that is saying a good deal, for the road to Bullenbong is quite bad enough now, so that in the winter time it must bo simply impassable. The Brookong wool, up till last season, came this way, which used to cut them up dreadfully, and X was shown a place where it was no novelty to see three bullock teams (compos ing nearly 100 bullocks) attached to a waggon, which had been bogged, and chains breaking in an endeavor to get the waggon out. It is about time tho Government did something towards repairing this road, for I am told the coachdriver has somotimes to make a detour of miles to escape portions of it. And, as ho has to arrivo in Bullenbong to time in order to let, tho Narandcra mail man get away, the latter having only about three hours to do a seventeon-mile journey, something should be done to this raia. Despite all those drawbacks, howover, I bear that >lr. Montgomery holdB the record lor keening time. I was much amused also at scecing a man engaged in cutting thistles along tho route. There is certainly a good crop of them, and as he wielded his scythe in good old Government stroke fashion, I really envied him his billet. But as for the utility of tho thing, ho might just as well be ongaged in wheeling smoke out of the c vsworks, for U is certainly labor in vain, as tho seeds will fly about and spring up as thickly as before. Bullenbong (that is, Mr. Sam Rea'a, for the latter place comprises tho town, the only oilier building being a church) was readied at luncheon time. To this I sat down, thereby missing a ride up to The Priory by coach. But "Sam" is noted for " keeping a good table," I have met others, mind you, who keep a good solid Uble, bat nothing on it). This was not the caso here, for the luncheon was nicely got up, aiul this, combined with the fact that tho proprietor promised to lend me a horse, made up for my disappointment. When I reached The 1'riory, I found the place almost deserted, Mrs. Bolger senior, Miss Bolger, and Andy, and all with the except ion of Mr. and Mrs. James Bolger had "folded their tents Hke the Arabs and silently stole away," even the little Yankee baby seemed to be afie-ted by the stillness, for I did not hear him cry the whole timo I was there. I have been naked to produce " that tliero champion baby " dozens of times, and in one case, a wrathfull mother locked the door and said she would not let me go till I said her baby was the best. I promised.but God help me, 111 have to break that promise. The Bolger's have all gone to Dubbo, where Andrew and Michael have 22,000 acres of fine grazing land. They are now getting a woolahed built to hold 20 pens, "and they will have about 30,000 sheep next season to shear. The Bolger's, I am told, are regarded as the safest people around Dubbo, and I am sure no one will envy them their success, for although apparently known far and near, I have not yet heard a word against them. Miss Bolger went away to bo married. What on earth were the young men of Bullenbong thinking of to let a foreigner come in and carry off such a prize? The afternoon I spent at The Priory was not ■without incident, Mrs. James Bolger, just prior to my arrival, had been out gathering oggs, a large iguana was on the same errand, and frightened ten years' growth out of her by jumping up beside her and making off with an egg in its mouth. The reptile had converted so many of them into omelettes and devoured them that it could hardly get up the tree it made for. And about an hour after this the same lady was at the wood hoap, and hearing a rustle beside her she called out, when it was discovered she had nearly trod on a snake. Ho was forthwith despatched (snaka and iguana produced, saw them both). Mrs. Bolger has only been a few months out from Canada, so that pro bably she will" guess and kalkerlate that the sooner she leaves this durned country the Quicker." Mr. James Bolder appeared Bhortly after, and was duly interviewed. .No, he did not take much notice of the way farming was carried on in the States. He had spent a good deal of his time in travel ling, and mostly kept to the cities. Yos, ho had been in San Francisco, and was greatly ■astonished at what is termed Continental Sunday, tho public houses, theatres, and nearly all places of business being kopt open, and avon horseraoing going on. A stranger, ,of course, is shocked at this, but the Yantee Bays : " This is a free country. You can go to church if you wish, or goto the races. You are not compelled to go to either." Yes, he saw tho hotel that Frank Gardiner, tho bushranger and exile, kept. It was what is- called a diva, that is a sort of music hall and drinking shop combined. Yes, ho travelled over Tho Bookies, and if he saw nothing else that sight alono would compensate him for liiB trip to America. Imagine, if you can, a train loaded with passengers winding round glaciers covered with snow, 9000 feet high (nearly three-quarters of a mile), and tho groat, but awful scene below, and again another 9000 feot above is seen the summit of Mounts Selkirk and M'Donald. It was tho grandest and most awe- inspiring sight lie ever witnessed, and was worth travelling 16,00) to see. There was much new to tell t'.iat was interesting, but of no practical value, so that I will not weary my readers . with a recital of it. Mr. Bolger has 7000 acres at The Priory, and last year 0000 shoep were Bhorn. As he suffered greatly from tho bush fires this year, ho intends takiug • great precaution for the future, and is hav ing 40 miles of fire break cleared, to be three chains wide, with three or four furrows ploughed on either side. And this will be ready by next summer. Mr. Bolger had \- firo breaks round portions of his land this : season, but tho hro entered from other people's property, so that ho hardly do ; . :aor»ed the jars flung ot him by a certain blunt neighbor, who after the fire cynically remarked, " Now where are your blank Yankee gates, etc." Mr. Bolger had to send a 1000 odd sheep to tho boiling down works, on account of the fire, aud Mr. M'Donald of Galor Park, has Sonerously lent paddoeks for another 1000. [aving promised to return to Tho Rook on t io following day to take part in tho cricket match against Uranquinty, I had proforce ..Itjtako leavo of my Yankee friends at an oirly hour on Saturday morning to roach the Utillonbnng Hotel, accompany the team. I met Mr. George and Mr, Sam Perry at tho mitch. Tho latter is looking lifter Mr. Buny&ti;'s WhitcombeFarm, which comprises 2000 acres, and carries 3000 Bheep. Mr. Georgo Perry, Oaklands, has 11 GO acres and about 1000 sheep. Both went in for culti vation, and this season got fair returns, although the Btorms brought tho average, down a good deal. jJGoorge had i!09 acres in, and Sam 95, eooh getting an average of three bog*. After tho match was conuTuded Mr. Liw, who had juBt returned from a visit to Mo'bourne, oflerod to give mo a lift to the bojndary, it boing my intention to : walk across from there to Lansdowne, • i tho residence of Mr. Cust. Mr. Low, who comes from Victoria, has settled down at Jackson's Waterholes, on about 5000 i , aores of land, and goes in extensively for t ; fllieep, having about 0000. I thought it v Btrange that ho did not cultivate, knowing ~ that at ono time up liippslund way he was ojok of tho walk in all tho ploughing matches there, his presence in tho Hold being tho signal for all competitors to retire. But when interrogated, ho replied that he had worked hard enough in the past, and it was time ho had a spell. Moroovor, ho has a fine lot of boys, o couple of whom havo taken up a largo area at Lake Cowan, and ■ aro doing well on it. As wo passed over tho Rock run we could not help noticing tho splendid class of sheep Mr. Miller has put chased, he baviog lafcoly obtained 11,000 £rom'' near^Hay. When we rcached the boundary, Mr. how got down with me and put me on what he thought was the track to L&nsaowne.; He didn't exactly know, and I only know that the placo was three or four miles from the boundary, and surmised it Was in a straight lino. With Mr. Low's parting advico ringing in my ears not to leave tlie track, I started off with my little bag in hand.^ As I have said, Landsdowno was only a littlo over three miles away, and I did not reach there till next morning. Perhaps my subsequent explorations are worthy of a fresh paragraph, and X will, therefore head it A NIGHT IN THE BUSH. I kept to the track pointed out by Mr. Low till I came to the bank of a creek, and seoing no way to cross on, I had perforce to take off my boots and socks and wado through. This was a bit up the creek, and, striking what I thought to bo the track again, strode on. It was half past 5 when I left, and several times I left tho track and found it again. But on I walked without any sign of habitation, and the shadows now mude but one shadow and tho twilight grew into night, and there seemed every prospect of my spending a night in the bush. At last, after walking about 10 miles, I struck a road, and percoiving a horseman asked him where I was, when I found I was about a quarter of a mile from the place I started from. I bad been walking in a circle. In uo wise dauoted by my failure, I thought I would try again, tho horseman telling me he had an idea there was a road to the right leading to the place. I took this road, out soon found it was running parallel with The Rock road ; and, whilst thinking over what: I had better do, the burly form of a son of the Faderland rose up before mo. He uttered some unintelligible gibberish, which, as near as I could make out, was " Come here, I lose me." , I endeavored to explain my own position, but I might just as well have been speaking to a statuo. He then * rambled, J off into soma wild incoherent statement getting greatly excited and more mixed as le proceeded. I stopped him. "My friend," I remorfced, that is ail right as tar as it goes, but it does not go far enough ; not having been raised on sourkraut I cannot quite catch on." So I loft hiin with tho parting I injunction not to leave the road. I thought I heard him saying to himself as I left, " I dink it will be shoost as better as I durn I back." I now thought I would make a bee line across the scru6, and would thus reach the creek. Tho stars were now shining in tho heavens, but the scrub was so thick that sometimes I could hardly see tho sky, but, like the African explorer, muttered "On, Stanley, on." I was determined to reach Cust's or camp. I camped. Vainly I en deavored to reach the creek. As I made my way through, tho dry branches of the pines used to strike me in the face. Below the bracken crackled unedr my feet, and I knocked my shins a dozen times against logs and uttered anathemas galore. Sometimes I would be sent sprawling, my bag being sent in ono direction, and my hat in another. Ever and anon groat dark clumps of timber rosc;up before me. and each time I thought I had made the creek, but each time was doomed to disappointment. Having played crickct all the day, and having done one ten mile lap, and it being now about ten 0 clock and Iliad now been walking since half-past five, and had nothing to eat or drink since 12 o'clock, my feelings can better be imagined than described. I can now also understand what it is to suffer from thirst. When I had reached this stage, I had to acknowledge to myself " Jack, rfear boy, your're lost." There was no doubt about it, and having fortunately ar rived at a swamp or lAgoon of some sort, 1 lapped up the water with my hands and drank. Oh, how I did drink, and I must have got a feed at the same time, for next morning I diBeovered that the hole was full of microbes. Instead of throwing myself down in despair on an ant bed as any other lost man would do, I must confess I did nothing of the sort. It was my first ex perience, and I took a philosoplicant view of the situation. I was dead tired, so I un robed myself, and in the deathly stilness around I had a bath in the lagoon. Then quietly took my pyjama suit out of the little bag and made preparations for bed as if I were in the Australia Hotel in Sydney. The heavy timber around seemed to intensify the darkness and the stilness. The unearthly quiet was only broken by the sibilant sound of the insects in the swamp, and now and again tho laugh of an opposum, but still my hair did not stand on end. No, I muBfc admit that, for a man lost in the bush I was a ghastly failure. And this was in a place which used to be the haunts of Morgan, the bushranger, and it is said that even now his ghost walks the place, and: that many years ago the forest there was infested with dingoes, whose terrible yells at night were enough to make one's flesh creep. It must not be thought, however, that my experience was • a pleasant one. I gathered^ some boughs, and spread them out to lie down on, putting my little bag under my head for a pillow. My bed was certainly not a comfortable one, and to moke matters worse the mosquitos were tho most vicious I ever cams across. I covered my face with a handkerchief, but they got there just the same, and made matters rather lively for me. And again finding that insects were crawling all over mo and taking a bight out of me here and there, I struck a match, and discovered that the boughs I put down were covered with ants. However, I got to sleep at last, and woke up shortly afterwards in alarm, for I heard a crashing through tho bush and brake, and something white approached. It must be Morgan's ghost 1 thought. But then ghosts do not make a noise. What could it bo,? It came1 nearor, and I got a bit scared, especially as there appeared to be two piercing eyes fixed upon me. I rubbed my eyes, and called out. It made off. It was only a white cow. The next time I woke was at about three o'clock. I was nearly perished with cold, tho damp air of the swamp being responsible for this. So I got up and lit a fire, and remembering that I had received a paper that day which I had not perused, I read it by the firelight, and the first thing that caught my eye was the consoling intelligence that two of my special lady friends had been and gone and got married. There was a full account of it all, and not having anything to eat since the day beforo my mind naturally wandered on the wedding breakfast and all the good things there. The day was breaking when I finally got up and washed myself. Anyone ' else who had been lost would have found a snake curled round his leg in tho morning. I I didn t. I looked, but there were none there. Emus, and kangaroos, and dingoes would have been prowling about, but I saw nono of theso. It was most disappointing] I indeed. I was not long in making my toilet my requisites being limited to a pocket 1 handkerchief for a towel a ad my fingers for a comb, and not having any billy to boil | nor a "pannikin of dust" to make a damper, I looked around me preparatory to starting and discovered I was not far from tho edge of Bullenbong Plain, and seeing what I took to bo Mr. Davidson's homestead in the dis tance, I retraced my steps, and made another try for Lansdowne, this timo successfully. But all was strangoly still when I arrived. There was not a soul moving about tho place. The door was open, and the first thing that mot my eye was the word 11 weloome," over the door, a remnant, I was told, of a party which had been held a few days before; Tho mantlo clock also showed that it was only half-past 7, so not wishing to disturb them, I sat on the verandah and ruminated on my night's experience. These practical experiences aro all very well, I thought, but there was: a little too muoh practicality about mine, for I must havo walked about 25 milos, on'd, moreover, bad nothing to cat (except the insects in tho water) from 12 the previous day, and, as it was nearly 10 o'clock before I got a cup of tea and something to eat, I was not far off the 24 hours without any thing. And, although I could probably have gone for another day without food, still, I would not wish to have the ex perience repeated, and will, when anything of tho kind is wanted again, do as Mark Twain did with tho places and things of historial interest in tho Holy Land, I will send someono else. It does just as well. No, I don't honker after camping out again. Mrs. Cust and the eldest son wore away on a trip to Victoria. " Jim " was juBt re covering from an attack of measles, but he appeared to feel tho environment moro than the actual sickness itself. Lansdowne com prises about 7000 acres, with about 0000 sheep, and Jim informnd mo that they had gono in for crossbreeding, and wero doing a little experimenting in this direction. They bought 80 Southdown owes and rams, and crossed the Southdowns witli tho Lincolns and also the Southdowns with the merinos, and the Lincolns with tho latter. The ro Bultn were highly weeessful, bo that they intend continuing it Ono great advantage, ho says, is that there is an abscnco of foot rot among the crossbreds. I was very pleased to hear that thoy were going in extensively for lucerne. They had ICO acros in last year, and it grew splendidly. Thoy also intend cultivation largely. Only 30 acros were cultivated this year which went over three bags, but there nro 300 cleared for tho plough, most of which will be put in next year. The Lansdowne home stead is very pretty, and grapes grow in great profussion round the verandah, there being also a trellis of vines at the side, and in front there is a fine orchard, thero being a superabundance of appleB. A great lot of tho fruit indeed going to waste, which seemed a pity. A great lot of jam is made, but all the fruit cannot bo used. The party at Landsdowne must have been a great success, for I have since met a good many who had been there, and they were loud in their praises of the fun thoy had and the hospitality of the Misses Oust. I can also bear this out. I was sorry to see on leaving that Miss "Flo" Oust was showing symptoms of developing the malady her brothers were juBt recovering from. Whether it was the measles or uot 1 have not yet ascertained. A buggy and driver was placed at my sor. vice to take me to the station. On the way Mr. P. Keighran's place was passed, but he was not at home, so that I could not get any information from him. Two brothers, T. and P. Flanagan, now occupy "Powers ville," or " Miarh," as it is now called, a couple of miles from The Rock. They ap pear to be a couple of enterprising young fellows, having only lately arrived from Tasmania, so that they should be well up in cultivation of every kind, and especially fruit, and I will bo expecting great things from them on my next visit. There are 1620 acres on Miarh and 2000 sheep, and I hear they express their ability to successfully cope with foot rot and effect a permanent cure. I only hope that such is the case, but I feel rather sceptical about it. 150 acres are being cleiirod for the plough for next season. I was unablo to; visit &ny; of the other places round Tho;Rock, as I could not pro cure a;horso. There appeared to bo only ono horse and saddle at The Rock, and the saddle was out. At the same time, I would not like to call The Rock a ** one-horse " place. There is an hotel and a store there. The latter has just changed hands, Mr. Davidson, who has just resigned from the police force, having purchased it. There is also a saddler's and bootmaker's shop, and Mr. George Baker is the village blacksmith. He is young in years but old at the trade, and it is no uncommon thing for a stranger to approach this youthful son of Vulcan and ask him if the boss is in. But " nuff sed." —Yours, etc., "Socrates." 