SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. FOOTBALL. ROVERS v. FREMANTLE. There was a fair muster ef spectators at Fremantle Park on Saturday, when the Rovers met Fremantle for the third time this season. The visitors, whose team had undergone re- construction since the last match, were generally thought not to have the ghost of a show against tibe formidable Portonians, but they created a surprise by working with such spirit and good effect that the match was in doubt at the commencement of the last quarter. Fremantle then came with a characteristic rush and won with three goals in hand. The teams were as follows :-Fremantle- J. Lor- raine (captain), E. Preece, H. Fay, H. Far- rington, J. Garey, A. Wood, H. Shaw, H. Cooper, J. Moorhouse, W. Watts, T. Libbis, W. Libbis, C. Jackman, B. Yates, E. Thomas, Wildman, L. Spencer, R. Smith, M. Walsh, J. Snook. Rovers-L. Ogborne (captain), Clarke (vice cap.), Moodie, Sharpe, Kirby, Pash, Hussey, Halliday, Arnold, Dethridge, Nichols, Mills, Sinclair, Burton, Edwards, Wilkins, Hill, Hymus, Lean, Rear- don and Armstrong. There was scarcely any wind Fremantle won the toss and chose to kick towards the Asylum goal. The first noticeable play was a mark at long range to Watts, but he failed to cover the dis- tance and a free kick temporarily re- lieved the Rovers' goal. Preece next executed a capital mark, and, passing to Moorhouse the latter secured the ball cleverly, right in front. A goal was the re- sult. Rovers then worked the ball forward along the wing, and fortune favoured them. The ball beat Farrington, and Nicholls smartly touched it with his foot; first goal for Rovers. Wilkins soon after tried a shot, and scored a behind. Fremantle worked the ball away, but the Rovers beat them at their own game - ruck play. Kirby marked well for Rovers, but was unfortunate in getting a " poster." Fremantle, by good passing on the wing, forwarded, and Cooper marked well, but only scored a behind. The Rovers then fairly surprised their opponents by their clever passing. Preece came to the rescue of the home team with a slashing run along the wing, and a Fremantle forward had the bad luck to get a " poster." Fremantle had the ball in the vicinity of the Rover's goal for some time, but Hussey and Dethridge, marking splendidly, checked every onslaught. Watts, however, even- tually got possession, within range, but only scored a minor. Ends were changed, and very soon Watts had another shot, but with the same result as before. Garey had a still easier shot, but could not score. Soon afterwards Cooper marked cleverly at a dis- tance where he could not make a mistake, and second goal was hoisted for the home team. Rovers became prominent again, and a long shot by Hussey went out of bounds. After this Fremantle were prominent, but they were eventually repulsed, and Edwards marking at near 60 yards registered a capital goal. At half time the scores were equal. On resuming there was some fast play up and down the ground. Edwards then tried a seventy yards shot and failed dismally. The Rovers evoked the cheers of their supporters by the way they marked and played round their opponents, and when Wilkins, marking close in, scored third goal for the visitors the enthusiasm was unbounded. Fremantle then did some forcing and obtained a rather lucky goal out of a scrim- mage. At three-quarters time the scores were again level. The next quarter opened with Fremantle playing their best marking game. For some time the locals pressed their opponents. Watts missed an easy chance, and soon afterwards a good kick by Cooper was stopped in goal. Cooper and Ogborne, both going for a mark together, came into' collision, and Cooper, the slighter man falling, was given a free kick. It was an easy shot, and he did not fail to score another goal. This proved the deciding goal, as the Rovers then went to pieces. Cooper, as the result of a splendid mark, scored fifth goal, and Watts punted sixth goal. The visitors had, if anything, a little the beat of the game until the end of the third quarter, and their collapse in the fourth quarter seemed to indicate some deficiency in training. Fremantle, however, played in their best form at this period, and must have won. For the winners Moorhouse played a capital game all through and was well supported by Preece and Fay. Cooper, although his kicking was not brilliant, taking it all through, made some wonderfully good marks. Jackman, Smith and Garey were a trio only second to that first mentioned. For Rovers Hussey played the game of the forty, and Pash, Ogborne, Burton, Reardon. Clarke, Kirby and Wilkins rendered,very good service. Mr. T. Cullinan was much below his best form as central umpire. He was persistently bluffed by several players and his faults of omission and commission were numerous. First Quarter : Fremantle, 1 goal 4 behinds ; Rovers, 1 goal 2 behinds. Second Quarter: Fremantle, 2 goals 6 behinds ; Rovers, 2 goals 3 behinds. Third Quarter: Fremantle, 3 goals 7 behinds. Rovers, 3 goals 3 behinds. Final Scores: Fremantle, 6 goals 10 behinds; Rovers, 3 goals 3 behinds. THE SENIORS PREMIERSHIP FOR 1894. Clubs. Matches played.Won. Lost.Drawn. Goals. West Perth ... ... 5 3 2 0 28 28 6 Fremantle ... ... 6 4 2 0 36 21 8 Rovers ... ... 5 1 4 0 22 36 2 