THE OLDEST CHURCH iff VICTORIA. \- / FIFTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. JAMES'S. SERMON BY THE NEW DEAN OF ftiELtooURNE. K dodble tbterfcat iittftobiid to the ibrWc'i held »t St. JuiHi'a Ohuroli yesterdey morning, Inasmuch »a it served to commemorate tlie fifty- ;f f th anniversary of tlib laying of the founda tion atone of this tho oldest Anglican plaoo of worship in the colony; and waa alao tho occnsiou of Dr. Yahoo's firit sermon alnco liis promotion to tile Daiittory of Melbourne. It was, moreover, only ill accordance with tho fitness of tilings that ho should deliver his first words as dean from the pulpit which was oceu- pied for ao many years by hie venerable predo- aessor, Dean Maoartney. There was a very meagre congregation, a fact to whioli the dean referred in tho courke of an interesting sermon when contrasting the spiritual activity of which this church was tho centre in past days with the oompitriitlvo dfcsiietudb into which it has fallen of recent years through tiio spring ing up of more modern, commodious, comfort able and convenient places Of worship. Dean Vance chose as the basis of his disboursb 1'ialm 87, verses 1 and 2 : " ilis fbundatibh is in tiie iioiy mountains. Tho Lord loveth the gates of Zi&n; more than all tho dwellings . of Jacob. Glorious things are spoked of thee, O tllbu bity of dod." He .remarked that just (is this Lord, had shown His lovo for the oity of Zion, so had He manifested a similar affectloh for. thb city of Melbourne by fill the uiilold wealth Qe hiid so unexpectedly brought to it iii the pasi?, by the enemies Ho had kopt from our shores, and by the plagues whioli Ho had kept from entering our door. Then, also, just as the Lord iia'd brought pcoplo from all parts of tho world to enrol them as citizens of Zion, so had He done a similar thing in regard to Melbourne. The reasou why God showod such lavb for Zirm was because her foundation waa on tlib holy hills. We all know .the spiritual import of thoso ' words. Wo knew that , tlib, nation whioli hoped for God's favor roust have rigjhtebub- ness and peace ombodicd in its constitution find onforced by its laws and enshrined In tlbo hearts of its psople. What had gold in abuiidfinoe ovor done for tbe miner or mining district but brutalise the one and dombrfillse tho other, and make a man's iifo dull and grim as it had turned the fair landscape iii to the likeness, in many places, of an open graveyard where the faith had been absent that ehould have aanotified all these things. What had trade arid commerce, power and plenty ever dona for a nation without righteousness and the fear of God, but give it a show of outward prosperity with the reality of spiritual ruin nnd desolation. It was not gold or phenomenal prosperity which made this colony. What would gold have hewn without the grace of God to guide men into mfciking good use of it? We had reason to bo thankful that there were amongst our earliest eolonifets,, years before gold was discovered, mbu who bad at heart the spiritual wsll being of. the land; to which they had come. . He had in his /hands a narra tive showing how on 9th Wovombcr, 1839, 55 years ago, theso men getO) off.ot to their desire to sco the community fiounued on a holy liili by laying, as tho narrative ran, "On a cottage dotted hill, half way between Flinders- street and tho old. ccm.tei-y, the foundation stone of tho first Episcopalian Churbli in Aus tralia Folix, to tho glory of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost." That was a preoiobs fragment of colonial history tp which ha would like to ' see a prominent plnoe given in the text books . out of which our children were taught. Eight years aftor tho ohuroh — tho church in firhich they were n'ssemhled that day— was built Bishop Perry aamo to these Bhures to take charge of it, the ehureh being named in his Utters pateut ns the cathedral of the diocese. At bnob thus ohuroh became the centre of epiriturl nativity- in the colony, whioli was carried on by one of tho moat d'ovot.d and most enoigetio. of Godb servants, to whom Victorian churchmen owed not only their Con stitution Act and thcTir . Chnrah Assembly, but also the whole businesslike system with which their 'church affairs were ndministerod, the relations of mutual trust between clergy and laitry, the power of ndupting themselves always to the novel oifeuinstarioes whioli had oliaraoteriaed every stage id their church's progress, and the co-exlstbube with the perfection of church, inabhinery of.fi true and deep spiritual life. In. the ehlirch, ..too, year after year the Bislici laid hands in ordination on those who wcro oiaosen to be pastors of tha (look. Fifty of tho, clergy whose names still appeared in the, church list received . their oonseoration. of the ministry in that building, together, with an oven larger number whose nainoS had ceased to appear on their 11$. Later on a minister whs sent, to take ohargo of the church who was dastined to bo a power for good nnd a witness for the truth of the gospel through three generations of Viotoiian 'colo nists. In tha years of the gold diaeovoriin Isombnrd Macartney camp to that fckurbh to life up his voice against the greed for gold and thb ungodliness which that greed fostered. All of them would remember that form, shrunk And bent with years, as well as tho fervemt tones and tlie. reaouroe whioli seemed to give light tp tho sighs of decay in his venerable frnmd. Sump bf tllci'n would remem ber thu dean when 40 years ago, lie preached without note from a mind Btored wlthSorlp- tiirul texts and narrative, keenly alive to what was going oh around him in the community. Whero wore the congregations of tlioHe . days? Tho men and oliildren who com posed them wo. scattered through nil tho Hubbrbs, which whore not so muoh ns named then, doing good work for Chriiit, and doing it tha better, the more zealously and the moro instructively by reason bf tlie t'eachibg they roceived in that building. Uucoilsoidusly the influence of the building was felt even at this distance of time iii life spiritual life and worship of the community. .The late dean labored in the ohuroh for over 20 yearn, Groat indeed find been the changes of the last few years. The Bishop's chair; which marked tho eathedrai, had beeii l'bitidvbd frpim thebliniiccl of tlie church to tlie statelior edifice of St. Paul's, aud no imposing diocbsbn functions ever lioiv drew the crowds of worshipper! tb St. James's. Shorn as it was .Of its ancient privileges nnd shut in from public view by stores find ware houses on each side, although it was no longer a cathedral it would, .ns long As it stood) be the cathedral church. . Tlioy might transfer to tlib younger building the dignity and people which wore its duo, but they eoiild hot transfer tho hallowed , momorips n n d . tender associations of tlie far past whioh wsro bound up in the hfatorj' bf tlie bliutth. Could it be too mueli. to hope that tha old colonists, to whom this wns for so lohg tho Only clinrob, as it was still tho motlior church, of tlib colony, would help o'nob more to swell tiio numbers of tho congregations to which in the old times they were proud tb belong ? Ho knew that a disastrous ehango had pa'ssbd over the pariili. Thb noblo voice ivhicti for 70 years never ceased to proclaim the tidings of salvn- tionwss now silont, anil hp who would now take up his message and rtpeat his words and warnings belonged not , to tho . same race of spiritual Giants. Ho drew his bow with feebler bands, anil spoke with stahimeriiig lips and lesser words. Yet thbro was no occasion, to, bo despondent or cast down bebausc a leader had been taken away from their bead. They should net about tlieir work for the Lord with a UPW purpose And a new liopo, without any distruit of God's promise ot thisgiving as to their own powers or gifts or words. 