Chamber of Gommeroe Counsel. It was courteous and wise on the part of Mr. Delegate Thynne to invite tho Cham ber of Commerce to offer him any advice which they might wish to give to him as ono of Queensland's representatives in the Ottawa conference. It would have been better had all the members of the Chamber of Commerce assembled thoroughly to thrash out the two subjects; a Pacific cable, and a Canadian- Australian line of teamships. They referred it to the committee, whose number being small will not sufficiently impress the Canadians, who aro accustomed to great things such as Niagara and their booming transcontinental railway. Any decision by that chamber should have gone forth as the decision of a large number of persons. The case is further weakened by tho divisions of the small number 6f persons who met, and by the vory unsubstantial arguments used by some of tbem. Mr. Field, for instance, is re ported to have said that since tho Government subsidised the export .of meat and butter and the production of sugar it might as well go on, and subsidise the two schemes under con sideration. It is not a' fact-tkut the Government have subsidised either meat or buttor or sugar. For the latter, it has beon provided by statute that the Govern ment may endorse debentures when issued by promoters of sugar mills, but up to the present nobody's debentures havo been endorsed. If any had been so dealt with that would not be an act of subsidising sugar production. By statute a tax has been imposed on pastoralists and dairymen to raise money to assist exploiters ; hut up to the present, although a large sum of moneyhasbeencollected,nonebasbeenlent. Had any been so lent neither would that have been in tho nature of a subsidy. To deal with the two projeets now under consideration on the lines of the two just mentioned, the course should he to levy a tax on tho entire shipping interests of Australia to start and maintain this Canadian-Australian .line of ships; and to lay a cable. Then, too, the federal spirit, which is as tricksy as a ghost, is being made to play a very entertaining part. Mr. White suggested, and most persons will agree with him, that the cable should not touch at New Zealand, at least unless Now Zealand iB propared to pay tho entire amount of the extra cost that will be incurred in laying and in working tho additional 1,000 miles of cable. But the Now Zealandcrs will exclaim, " Where is your federal spirit ? " On the other hand Mr. Huddart is roportcd recently to have said in London that the federal spirit of Victoria should ho suffi ciently strong to lead her to contribute her quota of tho Australian subsidy for his lino of ships without demanding that the ships should touch at Melbourne. That is uncommonly like making the federal spirit blow hot and cold from the same mouth. On the main question, so far as a line of ships is concerned, it may bo remarked that already there ore five lines of large ships trading between Australia . and Europe, and not one of them is doing -full service. It is pretty well understood that unless more work can bo done by, or more oncouragemont given to'one of tbem, it will have to be withdrawn. There is another whioli, with all its opportunities, is not doing work onough to hold out sufficient encourage ment to its promoters ; and yet all these lines are direct lines, whereas the Canadian-Australian lino would not be direct; it would have to break its journey at both sides of Canada ; and whilst that might be vory pleasant for passengers, it would bo more than un pleasant, it would offer an impossibiHty in the matter of the carriage of goods ; and it might, be exceedingly embarrassing in the matter of mails. It is begin ning to be disclosed that this whole business originated with Canada, who having its booming transcontinental rail way .wants to make it pay, and is not un willing to give a subsidy ol' £ 160,000 a year for that purpose. That not boing sufficient, England is asked to give £75,000 a year, and Australia to give as much more. In brief, with fivo lines of large ships trading to Australia, nono of them, as we have said, doing full service, this country is invited to share in raising a subsidy of £300,000 a year to sot up a sixth line, whiob, if good for mailo always, iB good for passengers only in summer timo ;- and is good for trade to England at no time..- Trade with _ such a lino would be almost wholly inter- Australian and Canadian. And oveu so, it would consist largely of wares taken from tho eastorn to the western side of Canada overland and then by ship to Australia, and at a rato of from 5s. to 10s. per ton higher than that at which thoy can be brought now. It may seem a harsh thing to say, but this proposal appears to be one of the hugeat jobs ever attempted to be perpetrated upon Australia, and that u savins, a good . deal ; and the committee of the Chamber of Commerce will he oupported by the entire community in saying as thoy did that the time has not come to grant a sub sidy to such a lino of ships. 