CHAPTER XV. THE TWENTIETH OF THK MONTH. When JJr. Dyson had got Nelly's content to a epeedy marriage, and had, after consultation with Ma. Do veil, fixed the day for the 20 th of November, lie. went back to hie little oottageon the hill in a state of considerable elation. The only thing - that troubled him was tbe remembrance of the statement he bad been ** compelled" (ho said to himself) to make respecting Frank Lovell'e approval of Kelly'e possible marriage. Why it should have troubled him at all it would have been hard indeed to say, for he was little troubled by orimea of muoh greater magnitude, and was not as n rule disposed to regret his actions unless they had been unsucoessfulj but the fact remained—he was distinctly troubled and depressed at the thought of the lie whioh he had told, and very muoh wished that it was never "necessary"to tell Iios at all. " When I'm onoe married," he said moodily to himself, " I'll keep straight. I'll turnover a new leaf, by God I will. I've had enough of this worrying business. I'll forget the past, and I'll lead a different life, if only for Kelly's sake. She eo good herself, ehe .makes me want to be like her.". Ho conoluded by a jarring kind of laugh, and sat down, us tbe evening was warm and dry, on a bench in the garden. The sun was setting, and the air was calm and still. He drew out his pipe and felt for a light; be might as well have a smoke out of doors before it grew dark and cold. As he smoked he revolved various matters in bis mind. He smiled at the thought of Nelly as his wife, and began to make plans as to tho places where he would visitwhen he and his bride had loft Kngland. The change of air and scene, the warmth and brightness of Italy and tbe Riviera would surely, he thought, bring back to Kelly the strength that she at preBeut lacked. H.e knew that Bhe had no organic disease. With a new motive for living, with " the will to live," she would get better, and be well and strong as ever. His professional knowledge told him that. And he would not listen to an inward voice whioh whispered, that Nelly would gain no additional motive for living by her marriage with him. No, he told himself; Kelly would soon recover, and then they would have a jovial time. For himself, he bad never been eo well and strong. He had got over the nervous weaknesses which had oppressed him at first -after his return home. The little optical delusion and other signs of a disordered per vous system had completely disappeared. SO much, be said, throwing back his head with a laugh, for the fanoies of people who talked about rem or-o and a consciousness of evil doing. Why, had he not committed one of the worst crimes in the Decalogue, and for gotten it? Did it trouble him iu the least? Did he ever think, nowadays, of Frank Lot ell, loft behind in tho desertB of enow and ice to die! Heavens! Who was that? What was that behind him? He sjiraDg from his seat with a stifled cry— hia head turned wildly over hiB left shoulder. Nobody was there. What had he seen ? In a momont or two his self-control came baok to him. His eyes were still staring, his hands clutching at vacancy; but gradually his head returned to its usual position. Then he sat down again, hid his faoe in his hands, and sat trembling in every limb. " What a fool!" he muttered to himself. "I thought that I saw FrankLovell. Are my nerves going to play me tricks over again ? It is to-day's excitement, I suppose." After a little time he rose, and, with a half scared glance round him, made his way into the house, where he procured for himself a stiff glass of brandy and water, whioh he drank almost at one dranght. Then, feeling unequal to any further exertion, he pulled off his olotbos, got into bed, and slept a heavy, dreamless sleep until the morning. When he rose„he realized how completely his nerves bad been upset. Hia hand trembled so that he could not ehave. He could not eat his breakfast. Ilut the fancy which had dis turbed him did not come again. He kept looking for tt, but it was not there. So long as he remembered it the figment of his dis eased imagination did not reappear. It was when he had regained a little con fidence, and was talking to Nelly in the course of tho afternoon that he ogam became aware of it. In the Yioarage drawing-room, as he sat on the sofa with Nelly's hand in his own, be became suddenly, disagreeably consoious of the sensation that seme one was watching him from bshind. He turned onoe or twice to make sure no one was there. And when he turned for the seoond time he felt sure that he bad seen Frank Lovell's faoe. This time he did not ory out nor start up from his seat. The thing had gob to be faced, and. as a doctor, Vie was prepared to face it. HiB nerves had gone wronfg Bgain. H» acknowledged that is was an exceedingly difficult thing to geb away from the influenoes of oonvention and tradition; and it was perfeotly natural—as he had done a strikingly unconvential thing, a thing which people who held by tradition called by the ugly name of "murder"—that whenever his nerves were unstrung, some reflection of the antiquated scruples of mankind should take shape, in the outward semblanoe, perchance, of the man whom he had killed. (Thus he explained to himself what he seemed to see.) The only thing to be done was to quiet and oalm his nerves sb much as possible, and to that end he would take bromide of potassium before he went to bed that night. The change of scene, the delight of marriage, would no doubt effect a perfect cure. In the meantime he must ignore the phantoms, and not give Nelly or any one else any reason to suppose that he was haunted by what ignorant folk might call Frank Lovell's ghost. It was easier said than dome. In. spite of himself, he started and blanched when he fancied he saw that shadowy face peeping over bis shoulder; and tho old trick of glancing sideways became so persia ten^that more than ono peraon remarked nponit,and: mid. that pr.Dyso'n looked as if..ie were afraid of hi*' own shadow. . t ; , ' . The vision was not always to be seen. Sometimes -it vani»i$d altogether, and Oliver Dyson's brow would clear and his eyes would light up with the hope that he was delivered from the ghost of his former ein hat then,: . suddenly—in the midst of company, at noon* day, or alone in .his little oottage at desd of night—he would feeloonsoiousof tbatpresenoe ' just behind .him, and would ehiver with the fear ol meeting, those unseen .ghostly-eyes. He had a fanoy that if he met those eyes, and saw that shadowy visitant face to faoe, he would go mad. The effort to .preserve himself from looking old and hervooe, his eeoret fear of the delusion which his own acts had forged forhimself, soon told on his appfearance. He. could not sleep at night, and grew, so haggard atid so pale that the Lovells became anxious about him. " X hope Nelly is hot going, to have an invalid on her hands," aaid Mrs, Lovell, rather fearfully, to her htuband, "That would not do her muoh good." .. "Oh, he'll be all right when he is married," said the Yioar. "The young man is evidently very devoted to Eleanor; he ia simply eating his heart out with impatience for the marriage day." . ... Nelly alone did not appear to notioe Oliver's altered demeanour. She hadplenty to think of without that. She had various prepara tions ^ to make for her second wedding, and__ ehe did not shirk any of the duties forced on her by her position; but it was evident that ehe took no pleasure in any of them. She was silent, nervous, preoccupied; and on the night when her wedding-dress oame home—a plain lavender silk, such as is supposed to be euitable for the nuptials of a widow—she burst into an agony of tears at the sight of it, and begged it to be taken away, as she would never bear to put it on, and hated her future bride groom, Oliver Dyson, more than anything or anybody in the world. She was humble and penitent enough when she recovered her calm ness, and ehe begged Mrs. Lovoll not to think of what ehe had said, and above all not to tell poor Oliver about it; but enough bad already, been imparted to poor Oliver to makehim dis mally uneasy ; and when she came downstairs to see him it was the evening before that 20th of November, which was to be their wed ding day—he met her with an ill-ooncealed concern and anxiety whioh told ber only too clearly that her outbreak of sorrow and pas sionate regret was known to him. „ She was looking extremely white and worn, her eyelids were swollen, and her lips had Ism " loBb their colour; but even with this lack of beauty, these signs of grief for another man, Oliver Dyson felt passionately that for him, at least, ehe was still the loveliest woman in the world. He led her gently to a eeat upon the sofa, brought her cushions, a footstool, and everything that she oould possibly desire; then, at a sign from her, he eat down beside her and ventured to lay his hand on hers. "Nelly!" he said entreatingly, "What oan I do for you ?" "You have heard how naughty I was, thenehe asked, with a faint, ead smile. " I know it was very wrong. I meant to ask you to forgive me." "No, no," he said, "it ia quite natural. 1 understand. You will feel better by-and by." "I must tell you," she said painfully, "how it happened. Yes, I must. It came from a dream I had last night. I could not forget it all day. It has. been coming back to me again and again. Oliver, I saw—bira." Oliver looked at bei keenly and waited. He knew that Bhe meant Frank Lovell. " He was ooiuing towards me, Oliver, with a smile on his face—in bis own joyful, confi dent way; with his hands ontstretohed, just as he used to meet me when he had been absent for a time; and I heard him say,' I am here, Nelly,' and I felt his arms around me, and then I woke up. And it seemed so real and true that I could not get it out of my head for a loug time, even after I was awake. " In another country, with another kind of life, darling, these impressions will fade away." "AVill they? Yob, I suppose they will. I suppose I ought to hope they will. But, Oliver, if they don't ? What shall I do ?" " I asBuro you they will, Nelly." "Oh,'if only I had had more time I You don't .know how the dream makes me feel, Oliver, AlmoBt"—a little fearfully—" as if I were doing wrong; as if Frank were still still—alive." Her voioe sank to the lowest of tones at the last word. She glanced at him, half hoping that he would be generous enough to sny to her:—"Take baok your troth, einoe your heart is not mine; keep faith with the man you love." But any snob generous inten tion was far from Oliver Dysons mind. He was sitting erect now, having relin quished the little oold hand which ne had held at first; his brow was contracted, his eyes gloomy, his lips sternly and ominously set. "You have promised to marry me," he said, "and it is your duty to put away those false imaginings from your mind. You know that Frank Lovell is dead. You know that. I —Ibbw him die. Why, then, will you torment yourself and me by thinking of him as alive 1 Dreams you oapnot help, perhaps ; but in the daytime—have a little commonsense, Nelly, and a little self-control!" He had never before spoken to her so angrily, and ere he had finished Nelly had turned away from him and hidden her face in her hands. " Yovi are quiteright,"shemurmured, "and I will never speak to you in this way again. Forgive mo—and pity me, too ; for I am very miserable. But I will try to be happier by and-by, and I will be a true aud good wife to you. Oliver—if.1 oan." "You are an angel, Nelly, and I am a brute," cried Dyson remorsefully; and put ting his arm round her drew her to his side, and tried to comfort her by kisses and caresses, which sho pasbively endured but did not try to return. The twentieth of November oame at last. It dawned brightly; there was a touoh of frost in the air, but the sky was blue and serene, and there was a sparkling intensity of sunlight on sea end land. Nelly woke, glanoed at the bright landscape, and shivered a little—think ing of another wedding-day, whioh had. been Btormv and marked, as it were, with disaster. She remembered the funeral that had met her bridal train at the Ohuroh gate, and she wept a little at what had seemed like the confirma tion of hor worst fears. But then she dried her eyes, and resolved to do herbesb to look cheerful, and to give pleasure to Oliver. She was fully oonvinced of his love for her, and, although not in the least reciprocating it, was determined to try and make him happy,. Oliver was in wretobed spirits had she but known it. He also glanced at the sunlight, but with a strange sinking at heart. He would have liked the day to look a little less propitious—a little less smiling end brilliant. The sunshine seemed to mock him and his hopes of happinesB. But, «t any rite, there was one thing to be . thsnkfulfor. His haunting speqtrehad utterly disappeared. Be looked for it as usual over hie shoulder, but it was not in eight. Perhaps the bright rays of sunshine had chasen it away. its" absence' cheered Oliver Dyson ae he arranged himself for the wedding. There were .to be'no rejoieings, no festivi ties ; the marriage was so be oelebrated in the quietest possible way, and even the villagers scaroely knew at what, hour the wedding would take plaoe. It was to be at 9 o'clock ; and the bride and bridegroom could then take the earliest possible train to Southampton, whenoe they meant to oross to Harve at once. Nelly shrank sensitively from the idea of a staring crowd; and Oliver was equally well pleased to escape the formalities wbioh usually accompany a wedding of the conven tional pattern. . Nora had been early at the church, and had decked it with lovely white dowers and grace ful foliage plants. At nine o'clock Oliver Dyson stood in his plaoe awaiting the bride, lie was pale to the lips and very nervouB; but \- that was only natural, as the few onlookers declared, under .the oiroumstanoes. At the last moment news of the marriage had of oonrse got wind; and some of the village people were to be seen hastening up the path to the ohuroh door. And presently the bridal party arrived : from the Vioarage. .One or two of the Lovell family had come from a distance to give their countenance to the marriage, of whioh, on the whole, every body approved. It was agreed that "poor little-Nelly," so strangely left alone in the world, oould not do better than marry again ; and who more fitting to be her husband than Frank's old friend and shipmate, Oliver Dyson? So Nelly came up the aisle, in her lavender silk drees, and plain bonnet, on the arm of Frank's elder brother; and the Vicar himBelf waited at the altar rails. Oliver stepped forward to meet bis bride, the rest of tbe party grouped themselves behind the couple, and tbe marriage ocremony began. "I require and charge you both, as ye shall answer at the dreadful day of judg ment " Why did Oliver start and ohange colour ? Why give that sidelong glance over his left shoulder, and turn so deadly pale? Ah,.that terrible phantom of Frank Lovell's dead, mooking faoe, clearer and ghastlier than it had ever been before 1 Enough to put a man off his balance even on his wedding-day. Bnt why did the Vicar falter in hie solemn charge? And that murmur and stir among the congregation, swelling to a strange wild shout outside tbe Church—what did it mean ? Had other people seen the phantom too? Oliver turned round, with a gasp, to faoe the situation, and to answer that terrible question tc himself, lie turned and saw. The ghost bad taken substance to himBelf and stood there in the flesh—tbe living semb lance of Frank Lovell—nay, unless he were very much mistaken, Frank Lovell himself! 