BRITISH AND fOBEICN. The latest census shows that there are 3,030,000 bachelors in America. The death of a 28 year-old student from hanger at Upsala, has created a great sensation In university and other circles. Lord Mayors of London daring the pBSt 20 years have collected a little ovtr ^20,000,000 in charitable and benevolent purposes. There is a great famine amongst the Indiana in the whole of Canada. From Labrador and British Columbia neve of the extreme suffering reaches Europe. Recently there were delivered at Hawaii 80 toads that had been ordered from California. These toais were introduced into a gardtn and grove on the Makiki Slope to destroy the insect pests. It bas recently been cotjactured by Dr. John Murray that the Antarctic mainland has an area of 4,000,000 square miles, or eight times the s'zs of Qreeulaad, and neatly as large as Australasia. The Prussian Court possesses a diamond of great value, called R ;gent or Pitt. It is of the purest water, weighing 136f carats, Bold 170 years ago by Pitt to the Dufce oi Orleans, then Prince Regent oi France, who pledged it to a Berlin merchant. The Ge:man quick steamers are much In favor with the travelling public, leaving other competitors far behind. The recently established companies ot Hamburg and Bremen are already getting the lion's share between those pores, the Mediterranean and North America. Mdme. Nordica, now in America, has been interviewed on the subject of singing before the Q ;een. We extract from the report one passage :—" When she bpgan to talk to ra* I was so overcome that I forgot mvself. She asked me how old I was, and I actually told bet the truth." The Commercial Cable Co. of London has made a contract with Siemens Brothers and CJ., London and Charlton, to manufacture a n«w Atlantic cable to be placed next spring between Ireland and Nova Scotia. This cable will be th<< third of the stid company, and measure 2200 miles in length. When Weston walked 400 miles in five days he abstained totally ; when he walked the 5000 miles in 100 days heabstained totally; and when bo walked his long uninterrupted course from Brighton to London he assured me that a singlo glass of sherry or nip of brandy would reduce his activity.—Dr. Richardson. In Germany the rale of lottery management la that the winning tickets must be produced to obtain the money. A servant girl having, After long waiting, thrown her ticket into a dust heap, where it could not be found, being unable to comply with the regulations, could pot draw the priza of 100,000 marks, although she had written the number in a book. The lottery directors are only bound to preserve the money 90 days after drawing. The Czir of Rissia has recently become interested in plans of irrigating a vast tract of country in Siberia which is practically a desert. Analysis of the soil shows it to be capable of high fertility when trace supplied with water.. It is capable of irrigation by turning onto it the water of the Aman-Daria on the River Onis of accient Romw history. A sum of money equivalent to £10,000,000 sterling haB been set aside for beginning this work. The alleged intention of the Belgian Government to have part ot the official printing executed in a penitentiary instead of putting It up for contract, which is said to involve a reduction of .£20,000 in the estimates, has, says the jfobour Gazette, caused much indignation among journeymen printer*, many of whom are out of work. A deputation ot the Brussels Free Association, of Compositors and Printers, protesting against this action of the Ministries of Finance and Justice, few met with no suc- C3SS. A remarkable example of j mrnalistic candour is ( he Daily News state*) to bo found in the current number of a well-known Servian paper, the Schumadishi List. The following announcement, signed bv the " Manager," is to be found in a prominent position :—" In consequence of the indescribable lf-ziness of our editor, M. [the name is gtver], who, eince the 6th of November last, has turned day Into night, spending the nights in revelry ar d the days in sleeping, the present issue contains one half-sheet only." A new commercial road between Russia and Middle Asia has been opened for traffic connecting the Transkaspi railroad with Patrowsk on the other shore of the Caspian Saa. Pettowsk was recently joined to the railway net of European Russia, forming a direct jnnction between Moscow and Middle Asia, surpassing in shortness and quickness all previous routes, being open for use the whole year. The new line will not only be very important for tbe export of Asiatic cotton to Russian markete, but also in a stragetical point in transporting troops and provisions. In Tonquln, four to six metres deep, in gandy sol), a mighty layer of trunks, which thousands of years ago must have formed extensive forests, have been found. They very likely were destroyed by earthquakes or similar causes. The wood does not form a kind of coal but is well preserved, a fact which may be explained through the great consents of resin and the dry sandy soil. The Chinese use this rare wood for sculpture, ornamental carving, coffins, troughs, &J.; The stems often have a diameter of one metre, are 15 metres long, and aeem to have bean similar to the ^Ine, Sarah Bernhardt has brought an action against a Paris newspaper for publishing an interview with her which she declares to be Imaginary, and through which she says she has sustained a heavy loss. Iu the "interview " she was made to state that the story of her haviog been robbed of valuable jewels in South America was a myth. Iu consequence of the publicity given to this report, the South American authorities have, it appears, abandoned the pursuit of the man who was strongly suspected to be tho thief. The imaginative newspaper scribe would indeed seem to have added Insult to ir jury. An exceedingly curious question with regard to the law of libel will be raised in an action which is being brought against the British Museum authorities. A pamphlet printed in America, which is said to contain a libel on a well-known American lady, was added to the reading -room, so that it was accessible to readers. The American lady alleges that this is a " circulation of the libel," and is seeking heivy damages against the authorities. Eminent counsel are engaged on both sides, and the case is expected to be a rather sensational one, as it re-opens a notorious case that was before tbe courts some years ego. It is well known that the Emperor of Russia IB <<xtraordiaarily strong. He can easily break a five rouble piece in his hando. The other day be gave a more unusual proof of his immense power ; he and the Empress were on a railway j mmey, and stopped at one of the stations en route for lunch. An impromptu reception was hurriedly arranged, and the mayor's little girl presented a hastily-prepared posy. Tbe stalks of the flowers were so wet that the Czirlna hesitated a moment, and looked at ber gloves; whereupon the Czir, quickly catching up a pewter plate from the buffet, twisted it in a moment into an Improvised bouquet-bolder for the dripping flovrere Stme time ago an interesting narrative was published on tbe life of theSonnblick Hermit, who has for years lived in a solitary habitation 10,000 feet above the level of the sea devoting himself to meteorological observations and to instrument making. So interesting was the account of his life that when it was announced that be wished to be married, billets-donx and photographs were sent to him from ladies oi all ranks. The hermit, however, was proof against all their blandishments, And has now decided to marry a country girl in his immediate neighborhood, who wili doubtless find amusement in the old love-letters which are now pasted around the walls of the hermit's abode. Mr. Carl Hermes says :—" Let no woman who expects to become a slDger or vocal teacher of repute ever think of rushing into the profession with only six months or s year's study. Give time and hard work— years of it—that you may be thoroughly fitted for your career. Study thoroughly, giving special attention to voice culture ; for complete control of the voice is the first essential to a singer. With the voice under perfect control all things are possible. As to the method of voice culture to be adopted, I tbink the best musicians are nnited in agreeing that there is only one safe method to be pursued, and that is the old Italian method, the only one that preserves the voice and bringsit under thorough control." A clergyman has just died in America—the Rev. W. J. Potter—who occupied the unique position of being the only one who was drafted during the war. He showed an earnest patriotism from tbe beginning of tbe contest, and expressed a strong desire that he might be drafted. Oi July 23 his name was drawn. Oa the following Sunday he preached a sermon "Oa the voice of the draft," which attracted the attention of Secretary Stanton, who wrote to the young clergyman to go to Washington. He was offered release from service, but replied that he intended to abide by the result of the draft. Leave of absence was granted him by his churcb, and he served out his term, passing ecathless through many contests. The fame of Columbus might have been thought secure enough, but the recent celebra- tions, instead of augmenting it, seems in a fair way of detracting from it. The Norsemen, on very slight evidence beyond a mere tradition, have been credited with the discovery nearly 500 ypars before him, and now Captain Gamhier, R N., would have us regard him as a species of charlatan, or, at least, a mucb overrated men. According to his article in the Fortnightly, a Frenchman, Jean CouBin, sea captaiu, of Dieppe, was the real discoverer of the New World, for in 1488, that is. four years before Columbus, he s&Ued; up tbe River Am- z >n, in South America, with the famous Vincent Pincon, who afterwards accompanied Columbus. Marvellous stories are told about the New York Herald and its whimsical proprietor, Mr. James Gordon Bennett, who lives in France, and, whenever he is not upon his yacht, directs the policy and expenditure of the paper over the celebrated Bennett-Mackay cable. He is fond of changing his staff or dismissing thea at a moment's notice, Mr. Nordoff being the only oue of his associates whom he has ever regarded as irreplaceable. At 10 a.m. he has any accounts be may wish to see, any questions of policy he may wish to decide, anything and everything with which his restless mind cares to acquaint itself, cabled over to bim. He himself cables over instructions as to policy, dismissals, headings for articles, skeleton articles, and so on. The new building of the Y.M.GA. of OMoago, US., was opened on November 18 Iwt. Jt ifl 13 storeys high, aw* will coat, when furnished complete, 900,OOOdoL, or about £180,000. The value of the ground ie 765,000dol., making a grand total of 1,665,000 doi., or £333,000. It is the finest 7.M.C.A. in the world, and 1B the beginning of a new era of great prosperity for the association. It occupies nine floors and basement, tbe other floors being.reserved for office purposes. In the various departments among the new attractions, ate the cycling room, natatorium, photographic dark room, industrial room, tennis courts, observatory, clay modelling, carpentry, science, and forage rooms. Rooms have been set apart for the various ministers' meetings, and it promises to be a great religious, educational, and social centre. Tbe present Lord Tennyson contributes to the Strand Magazine this reminiscence of the late Sir Andrew Clark :—" It was in a great measure owing to Sir Andrew Clark that my father recovered from his dangerous attack of gout in 1888, when ' be was as near death as man could be.' Atter this illness Sir Andrew paid us a visit at Aldworth, in tbe summer of 1889\. He told us that he had come in spite of a summons from the Shah, to which he had replied that the Shah's Hakim could not obey, as be bad promised to visit his old friend—the old poet. Sir Andrew added—' This disobedience of your humble and devoted physician for the sake of his friend, tbe crowned King of Song, struck the crowned King of Kings so much that, so far from being offended, he took a noble view, and, as a mark of Bignal honor, sent me tbe Star of the Second Class of the Lion and Sun of Persia.'" The celebrated Russian National soup is the cabbage soup or " Schtchi." Dally it is found on the plates of the poor and ricb. Neither political nor moral revolutions have been able to banish it from the Russian tables. Daring the beginning of winter there is at Petersburg a peculiar soup season consisting mostly of tbe caviar yielding sturgeon. At tbe balls given in 1791 by the rich Potemfcin a fish soup r.f the value of 1000 roubles was regularly handed round in a silver vessel weighing 3001bs. Oae evening the great Catherine invited herself at Potemkin's to a sturgeon soap, then very scarce. A merchant obliged the minister with a few of those fishes, under the condition of receiving in exchange a picture of the Madonna by Andrea del Sarto which tbe Prince, the favorite of Catherine, hid j.isi obtained for 10,000 roubles. This was the dearest fish soap ever eaten. The privilege of having danced with " the first gentleman of Europe " is claimed by an old lady, Mrs. Stewart by name, living in a private almshouse in Glasgow. According to her statement, which is well authenticated, Mrs, Stewart was present in 1822 at a ball in Qolyrood Palace when George IV. paid his first and only visit to the Scottish capital. Her uncle was the royal restaurateur in Edinburgh at the time, and by some means he procured for his niece an invitation to the ball. Chance gave her the King for a partner in a quadrille ; and the old lady still recalls how handsomely dressed his Majesty was, with " diamond buckles on bis shoes," bow affable and easy were his manners, bow he bowed to her and made her feel " quite at home." Mrs, Stewart is now 98 years of age, and her life touches four reigns—the last two Georges, William IV., and Queen Victoria. Oace an amusing story was told me by a South Sea trader, writes Mr. Robert Louis Stephenson. He had been in the habit of carrying all sorts of tinned meats, which the natives bought with avidity. Etch tin was branded with a colour picture—a cow for beef, a sheep for mutton, and a fiih for sardines. It happened that the firm who furnished the mutton thought it a good plan to change their labels that their goods might be more easily distinguished from others. The mark chosen was a red dragon. The natives came with their copra to trade us usual. The new tins were shown them, but they recoiled with horror and gave the trader to understand that they had some religious instruction, and were not to be deluded into eating tinned devil. The trader was forced to eat h'a stock of ma ton himself, for not a native could be persuaded to touch the accursed thing. There has recontly been discovered amongst some old deeds and documents at Friar-street Congregational Chapel, Sudbnry, a translation on thick vellum of portions of the First Epistle >o the Thessalonians, the First Epistle of S . James, and the Second Epistle of St. John 1 The translation appears to have bp«n made by some scholar who lived prior to Wyc'.iffe, and who in all probability, judging by certain evidences, hailed from the Eastern Counties. An antiquarian authority, the Rov. Cecil D^edts, of Brighton, to whom tbe MS. has been submitted, puts the date of the writing as the middle or end of the fourteenth century. The librarian of the British Museum says the tex' does not agree with either of Ihe Wycliffe versions or with the passages of the Royal MS. He considers it a valuable find, and only regrets there is so little of it. Tbe manuscript occupies but four pages, 8in. deep by 6in. wide. There Is a margin of 5 8in. at the top, lie. at the eidesi and nearly 2in. at the bottom. At tbe monthly meeting of the London Medicil Sickness, Annuity, and Life Assurance Society latelv held, some remarkable facts were reported in connection with the sickness prevailing among medical practitioners. The returns showed a very heavy list of sick claims, mainly due to the epidemic of influenzi, so far had been very rife among medical men, and had attacked them with a virulence quite exceptionaL Astonishing, too, as it may seem, the sickness claims of tbe society for November list wire no leac thaq 70 per cent, higher than were the case in November, 1892. Moreover, the committee anticipate that during the present winter the amount of sick benefit received by the members of the society will exceed that paid previous winter si. ca the foundation the society in 1884. A marked feature of the winter claims is the number arising from accidents in riding and driving. These, for the most part, happen to country practitioners. Although well-nigh 10 years have elapsed since Professor Hetkomer first stt his artificers to work to fashion his wonderful benee at Busbey, it is only recently that be bas been able to occupy even a portion of it. But the array of hands now eogeged wili soou bring the matter to a conclusion, and wfth it the very large outlay which has been mounting up through all this period. It says much for the Professors planning that hardly any alteration has been made from his original design, and elaborately carved mouldings, bosses, and ornaments, each the work of months of highly skilled labour, have all fitted perfectly into their rightful place and scale. Tbe amount of artistic detail to be found in the interior has seldom been exceeded iu a building of the same scale, and certainly never has PO mucb of it been accomplished by the owner's family. Not only does all that is finest of the wood, metal, and gesso work come from the Professor's own hands or those of his father and uncle, but even the silk curtains and tapestries proceed from hand-looms worked by his relatives. The structure is instinct with personality from end to end. A rather curious lawsuit is reported from Paris. A gentleman living in the Avenue de Neullly was terribly annoyed with rats in his house. They were large, ravenous, numerous, and bard to catch. Finally he mansged to trap one of the pests, and, rquipping him with a tiny bell, fastened to his neck with a bit of wire, set him again at liberty. The rat, of course, ran to find bis crnnpacionp, and tbey all ran as eagerly to avoid him, and in a Sittle t'me there was not rat left on the premists. Near by there lived a nervous gentleman, and one night he was awakened by a curious tinkling sou ad, which came on fittully, and seemed to proceed from every coiner of the room. He lit a candle, and timorously proceeded to search. There was nothing visible, and yet the mysterious sound was distinctly audible. He tried to think it was imagination, but, failing, decided it must be ghosts. It was clear his house was haunted—and haunted, too, by day as well as by night. For weeks be could not sleep, and the acxiety told on his health. At last a gossiping servant learned the truth, and the victim, instead oi laughing at his own credulity, has begun an action against the man who belled the rat. No oue knows, and, tiierefcre, no one can explain, the precise reason why a magnetised needle does not point to that mysterious spot on the coast of Bothia Felix, and, strange as It may seem, there was In 1831 no visible trace of anything by which that spot could be recognised, not even so much as a small hillock in the immediate neighborhood, and the only means of proving that the magnetic pole had been reached was by the total inactivity of the compass at that spot, coupled with the almost vertical position of the dipping needle (says a writer^ in the Gornhill Magazine). On this mo6t interesting point tbe very words of Sir James Ross himself shall be given ; "The amount of dip as indicated by my dipping needle was 89deg. 40min., being thus within one minute of the vertical; while the proximity at least of this pole, if not its actual existence where we stood, was further confirmed by the action, or rather by the total inaction, ot the several horizontal needles then in my possession. These were suspended in the most delicate manner possible, but there was not one which showed the slightest effort to move from the position in which it was placed, a fact which even the most moderately informed of readers must now know to be one which proves the centre of attraction lies at a very small horfzantal distance, if at any." Although Raphael, Michael Angelo, Beethoven, and many of tbe world's most famous men have remained bachelors, the mejirity of '.he geninees, according to a German writer, entrusted their domestic happiness to women. Tbey seldom married too young and seldom too late, although there seems to be no particular age at which they chose to submit to the matrimonial yoke. Some of them made excellent husbands. Typical examples may be selected in almoRt any period. Shakespeare married Anne Hathaway when he was 18 years old. Frederick the Great was 21 when he led the Pf it cess El'zabeth of BrnnBwick to the altar. William von Hnmboldt married Karollne von Dachroeden when 24, and Mczart and Walter Scott were 25 when they chose their better halvep. Dinte married, when 26, tbe Florentine, Gemma Donatl. At the eeiie age Johann Helnrich Voss led to the altar tbe sister of his friend, Ernestina Bole. Napoleon was 27 when he mairled the rich widow, Josephine Beauh&tmis;, and Byron had attained the same age when he gave his name to tbe heiresB, Miss E\iz ibetb Milbank. The Swedish naturalist, Linnaes (Llnm) was 27 when he married ; Herder 29, and Robert Burns was 30. Schiller hsd passed his 31st birthday when he married Charlotte von L ngenfeld. Wiflacd was married when he was 32 Milton began his unhappy union when he was 35 years old. Luther chose a wife when he was 42, and Buffon when he was 55, Goethe gave his name to Christine Vulpius when three years less than threescore. Klopstock, after mourning bis Meta 33 yearp, took unto bim« self % eecond wife when 97. 