WISE AND OTHERWISE." An interesting paper was rend before tho Psychical Research Sooloty at its last meeting by Mr. D. M'AIpinc, recounting that gentleman's experiences with a Prahran medium and one from Sydney, both ladies, nnd both capable of materialising spirits 44 whilst you wait," so to speak. At ono stance about % dozen spirits— those of men, women and children— wcro mado visible, and a few of them must aIho have been pretty tangible, since they ato Scotch cakes and chooolatc, and conversed and shook hands with tho mortals. The apook that devoured the cake was the immortal remains of a> Cale donian named " Geordio " Thompson, and he, or it, resided in Aberdeen when in the flesh. Geordio had retained another mundane 'cha racteristic besides his appetite, nnd spoke with a decided Scottish accent. Tho figures woro the regulation ghostly raiment, the long, white flowing robe, without which no respectable ghost has been known to show itsotf in company. After all, we mortals need not ho very much ashamed of tho pranks wo play boforo high heaven, since tho spirits of the dear departed do not appear to have a vory lofty aenso of dignity, or any intellectual parts superior to vory ordinary sinners here bolow. These spirits, to whioh Mr. M'Alpino introduces us with earnest assurances that thero is " no deception, ladies andgontlemen," grinnedand grimaced, ato lollies and confectionery, and acted on tho whole very liko performing animals.. In fact, the last efforts of tho psychologists' seeking in this domain have only produced spooks that nio animated with a ridiculous desiro not to provo their spirituality, but to demonstmto how very human thoy are. Thoy eat oakes, write platitudes on slates, hum blue fire and talk small nothings. All this is very disappointing, and leads us to the inference that wo ore ouly in communication with tho very lowest form of spirit life, or that we have tapped a sort of intellectual Hades. Still 44 Geordio " Thompson, of' Aber deen, who ate the Scotch cake, nfTords material for interesting speculation. AVhat became of that bannock? Did it fall through his imma terial ribs on to tho floor as ho ate, or was it converted into morely spiritual sustenance by tho prooess of mastication ? If a spirit may eat it may drink. Then is it possible that one of these ovenings an irreverent humorist may send 44 Goordie " baok over tho borderland in an advanced stato of inebriation, and let loose a drunk and disorderly Scptch ghost amidst the peaoeful and temperate spirits of the great sub sequent? But in New Zenland, where, notwithstanding local option prohibition and tho banning of dis tillation, they still produce u spirits," psyohioal society rcsoareh into mediumistic materialisation Becms to be a trifle ahead of Sydney and Prahran performances. A company of believers, among whom some infi dels, including a ooustablo in plain olothos, managed to insert thomsolves, a fort night ago assisted at a materialisation stance conduotod at Petono, Wellington, by Mr. James Hackett, assisted by his sister, Prisoilla, According to the Harbinger of Light Haokett's modiumifftic genuineness had been thoroughly toated by tho Sydney Psyohioal Culture Sooiety, both with and without cabinet co-oporation, and the result was a certificate, which tho Harbinger printed in extenso , signed by two M.D.'s, three ladies nnd the vico-prcsident of the society, that Hnokett was the real spiritualistic Maokay, nnd that thero was "no deception." Unfortunately the devil of uuholief took forcible possession of ono of the participators in tho Petono stance. He laid violent sacrilegious hands on one of tho materialised spirits which had boon enchanting the select oirclo of spectators, and called aloud for lights. There must have been other unbelievers present, for tho gas was promptly turned on— and the "spirit" was discovered to bo a piece of phosphorised gauze, Tho plain clothes constable seized the oppor tunity—and the mediumistic plant, including its operators. Theplantprovud tohesimplo — abottle of phosphorised oil, a quantity of ingeniously disposed gauze, and some appliances for spiritualisticnlly working it. As to tho operators, tho Wellington bench has decided that, though the "simplioity" of the apparatus and the spectators might be co-equal, the ingenuity of the duly acoredited psychical culture expert and his assistant should he submitted to a criminal court for reward, on a charge of couspiraoy to , defraud by means of spiritualistic stances. The free-trado organ is possibly gratoful for the notice given to its "National Railway Policy " by Mr. Shicls in his want of confidonco speech in the Assombly on Thursday night ; for is it not better — in some cases — to bo contemp tuously kicked than to he absolutely ignored? On ono point, however, the lender of the Opposition was, no doubt through inndver- tonoe, unjust to tho Argus. "Constant and consistent in nothing hut inconstancy and in consistency " was evidently meant td bo quali fied by tho addendum — "oxcept in self-adver tisement." It boots not to point out that tho journal of the " National Polioy " proposed to regenerate the railways by a 10 per cent, increase in freights and fares, nnd lias now dis covered that the only way to make them pay is to reduce rcoeipts by cutting freights below actual cost of transport, and by increasing expenditure to the extent of a few millions by cutting down gradients, putting down heavier rails, and im porting heavier onginos. These nro trivialities whioh weigh as feathers against tho solid con sistency and constancy showi) in scattering broadcast through the colony — gratis of course— " National Policy " pamphlets, broadly blazon ing tho fact that their raison d'ttrc is to adver- tiso " The Argus one penny. Order your papor of the local agent." Mr. Shicls has likened tho "National Polioy" movo unto that of the Yaulcoo who utilised his mother- in-law's tombstone for a trade nd. ; hut the similo is more distiuotly apropos if inverted, it is tho Argus that aspiros to be the managing mother-in-law of tho railways, and to bury tiiem handsomely under a monumental obelisk of debt, to ho utilised, per "National Policy " jflacard, for its penny-in-the-slob adver tisement. Speaking at a banquet given him in celebra tion of his 79th birthday, Sir Henry Pnrkoa pathetically lamented tho tendonoy of tho times to belittle tho men of tho past. This comes of living to he n man of tho past. Tho same im patience with iho irreverence of tho generation towards them iB obsorvable amongst the vonor- ablcs of free-trado in Melbourne. Tho man who refuses to ndvanco should have better sense than to whino because the world declines to abide with him. Sir Henry ovidently feels that ho is a viotim of in gratitude in not being the Premier of Now South Wales to-day, instead of a man of the past, hut he persists in his policy of looking backward, and comforts himself with the assuraneo that the rest of tho world is mis directed aud misguided in not alio looking to yes terday for to-morrow. Wo do not admit the tendency to belittle tho men of tho past, except ing such of them as remain and insist that thoy aro the men of tho future, hut it is better to belittle the past than to bewail it, and that is what Sir Honry Parkesand his free-trade friends are doing. How is it tho Rev. Dr. Webber, Anglioan Bishop of Brisbane, entirely escapes censure, whilst Professor Morris is overwhelmed with blame? Bishop Webber has stumped England from one end to tho other on a collecting mission ; throughout mauy months he has WAndered up and down the faco of tbo island, and wherever he has gono tbo plate has gono with him, And his favorite hymn has always hoen "Give, oh, give 1 " Professor Morris con tended that we were no longor able to maintain our oharibies, aud called for bread for our poor bodies ; tho Rev, Dp. Webber maintains that we do not provide for the spreading of religion ovor our romote baok blocks, and begs money for our souls' sake. A recent cablegram informs us of an addresB delivered on Monday at St. Paul's Cathedral, London, by tho Queensland bishop, who then appealed for furthor subscriptions to raise tho sum he has already scoured to tho lmnd- somo figure of £50,000. Is it a greater offence to assert that wo are unablo to feed the bodies of our people than to advortise our inability to pro vide tho theologioal attention necessary for their souls' welfare? Or is it that tho eccleiiast is justiflod by virtue of his calling in taking up a collection v/hoiover and whenever opportunity offers? Professor Morris's action in mentioning our reduced circumstances abroad was going to ploy old Harry and all with "our credit;" but Dr. Webber, by plaoing us in the position of tho "pore heathen" in immediate need of Bibles and missionaries, doesn't appear to have shocked the British investor or mado him Any shyer in his attitude towards Australia aud Australians. This is not consistent; if the said investor wero tho timid, fearful creaturo he is represented to he, he would long ago havo buttoned up his money hags so far as Australians are concerned, iindor tho impression that wo wcro benighted huathens, offering a good field for British missionaries, hut on yet unripe for tho invostmonts of the capi talist, beyond the few shillings he might jinglo into the bishop's hat to encourage the spread of civilisation and religion. Tho Amorican humorist tolls of a awcet voiced mild eyed judge of Delaware who in summing up always delighted to dwell upon all the mitigating circumstances in the prisoner's case, and to raise tho culprit's hopes and lighten his heart by pointing out at length, gently, oven with tears, to how groat an oxtent the man was a victim of oiroumstancos, and then crush all his hopes and overwhelm him with misery by sud denly pnssing nn atrociously cruel sentonce. Many of our suburban J's.P. aro familiar with tho story evidently, nnd it has impressed thorn so much that in their nnxicty to avoid the same error they run to the other extreme, and after dwelling upon tho enormity of tho defendant's offonce — especially in casos of larrikinism, wife beating and minor assaults — in language the severity of which is calculated to mnlco tho prisoner shiver in his Bhoca, and with an air of righteous indignation that calls up visions of tho triangles and thoughts of hominy and irons, they relax into comparative urbanity, and tho fine of 7s. or eight hours that follows sounds to tho affrighted ears of the oulprit like a blessing. A case in point occurred at Port Melbourne on Tuesday, when a local "push "was up before thobenoh, ohnrged with insulting 'behavior. The cvideuce went to Bhow that the gang, several of whom had been charged before with tho same offence, were in tho hnbit of making an intoler able nuitfanco of themselves in tho principal streets of tho Buburb. The gontlomcn on tho bench understood the gravity of tho situation, and looked liko tnen equal to the occasion. Tho spokesmen put on a front liko that of Jove, aud his tone as ho descanted upon tho vielousness of tho offenders was cold, hard and ominous. He concluded by saying that the bonoh was determined to put down such offences with an iron hand, and when tho culprits woro solemnly fined Is. each, or ono hour's impriRonmont, with one exception, and he was fined 2s. 6d., with tho option of six hours' in the colls, there was not a dry eye in the court. Tho magistrate who expects to kill larrikinism with talk oVor estimates the effect of his leoturcs as a doterrcnt. He, amongst others, may think them more painful than tho cat, but the avorago larrikin is morally a paohydorm, and the punishment should bo made to fit the crimiual. Pity tho sorrows of a Russian Czar who is compelled to look under tho bed every night before retiring with the idea of finding thero a Nihilistic bomb wound up and waiting ; who never goes abroad with tho confident expecta tion of rehiring in one piece, and who is not quite sure that every second man with whom ho comes in coutaot has not a plug of dynamite and a detonator in his tail pooket, and has not sworu by all he holds sacred and honor able to bring about the downfall of auto cracy In Russia by blowing up tho present autocrat. Lato European cables rcspeoting the trials nnd tribulations of poor Romanoff should convince democrats who have been doubters hitherto tlmt "uneasy lies tho head that wears a crown," even if the wearer aceepts the advice of tho little hoy wiio thought lie might lie inoro oomfortably if lio removed his crown before getting into bed. The newest information from tit. Petersburg iB to the effect that a plot has lately been discovered whioh had for its ohjcot tho poisoning of the Czar. In consequence of this his Imperial Highness has boon impelled to dismiss his entire staff of cooks without a character, and, wo believe, without tho cus tomary fortnight's notice. It must be vory try ing to a man who is something of an epicure, after waiting for years to find a cook who quite suits his taBtes and digestion, to havo to part with tho Ireasuro suddenly because of politioal prejudices, and tho casual introduction of strychnine into the imperial soup. The chef who attempted this outrago is a miscreant who in all probability will ho despatched baok with out delay to tho party who recommended him, presuming that the devil really sends cooks— a presumption that will find great favor with tho Czar just now. The introduction of tho fomalo franchise factor into tho political election problem in New Zealand does not appear to have simplified it in the least. In fact the olcotoral unreli ability of man is evidently intensified in woman. There wero 219,692 mon and 183,305 women on the New Zealand rolls when the last general election took place, but though the fomalo voters might havo hoen expeoted to he frantically anxious to try their hands at tho ballot box, only throe- eighths of them aotually exeroiaod the fran chise ngainst throe-fourths of tho masculine electors. Ballot box statistics to show whether the lady oleotors as a rulo voted straight or otherwise are, of course not, available, but in respect to the subsequent licensing hoard olections and looal option plebiscite some figures are available. Of the 183,305 women entitled to drive a ballot box nail into the coffin of tho liquor trade only 38,000 turned up at tho polling booths, and how they voted may ho approximately gauged by the Timnru re turns. There woro 1334 female franchisees on the job, 562 of them voted for continuing liquor licences as at present, 531 for abolishing them altogether, and 108 for some reduotion. On the cx pede Hcrculcm prinoiple it would seem, in Now Zealand at loast, that when lovely woman stoops to— ahem— politics, her backers may pos sibly he very badly left. That it is much easier to get into gaol than out of it many persons know full woll, but tho experience of Mr. Lomax, J.P., of New South "Wales, sheds quite a now light on tho difficul ties of gotting out of custody. Mr. Lomax is a land owner, and ho turned restive under cross- examination by tho Moreo land court, whioh wanted to got right down to bed rook in an alleged "dummying " investigation. As tho J.l\ Absolutely jibbed, the court oxeroised its penal powers, and sent him up for 24 hours as a contumacious witness. In tho solitude of the cells Lomax repented, and when 10 a.m. came his contumaoy was gone, and lie answered the court's queries with tho submissiveness of a lntoly and closely shorn lamb, Tho court, its dignity thus appeased and ito curiosity satisfied, proceeded forthwith to discharge the prisonor, hut it had reckoned without its "hobby." That zoalous and conscientious officer pointed out that the warrant of detention was for 24 hours, and only 16 had elapsed since he took the J.P. into custody. With all duo re spect to the court and the magisterial status of the prisoner, he must dcelino to enlarge tho latter until his time was up. The court and tho prisoner protested in vaiu, tho Brutus-liko bobby insisted on his bond, nnd the too lato repentant J. P., had to do his full 24 hours. Now what will Sir George Dibbs, as tho special guardian nngel of tho New South Wales police, do for this conscientious constable, who fenrcth not courts, neither regardeth magistrates, hut boweth down only beforo a warrant? Will ho get Ids stripes forthwith, or bo summarily re trenched? It is just ns well thnt H.R.H. the Duke of York should not commenoe his tour of colonial inspection at present. The- Gape and Australia waut a little timo to recover from tho birthday honor list. South Afrioa will not soon forget the sense of injury whioh rankles in the breast of Boer and . Britisher alike because the African Colossus of Rhodes is not now Sir Cecil, hut, really you know, whatoould bo ex pected from Lord Ripon when he was bluntly told that if ho did not mind his P's and Q's better South Africa would havo to " deal with anotaer shop ?" Then again, in Australia we can forgive tho he- knighting of Victoria's Premier, and even condone the non-knighting of tho President of its Legislative Council, knowing as wo do that Downing-strcet sticks like a limpet to the diplo matic axiom—point de zcle. But there remains a slight which caunot be ignored, and can hardly be forgiven. When tho Duke of York does land at Port Melbourne a deputation must he on tho pior to demand of him, before further pro ceeding, how Victorian loyalty to the throne can be expected to thrive without a Sir Thomas Bent to manure it. Tho principles of free-trade — otherwise antagonism to colonial production — must ho maintained, even in rcopect to literature, by ths organ of tho cult at whatevor sacrifice of taste and intolligoiice. A volume of colonial verse, indeed, might bo reviewed with somo degree of fairness by the free-trade critio pro vided it bore tho imprimatur of a London house ; hut colonial verse, colonially printed and published, it would he infra dig to consider on its merits, and tho best that a rash author could poBsibly expcot m a mitigation of tho doep damnation of his taking off by a word or two of condescending patronage. It is not "This book would he a vory good one if it wero not a very had one," but "This had hook might have been a good one if it had not hcon published in a had place." It was a haughty critic, and he said, " Come, let me smite This bard who in Victoria dares nob only verse to write, But has actually the impudence— of critics un afraid— To publish here his Austral rhymes through Mel ville, Mullen, Slado. Have I not laid ib down, not once hat fifty times or more, That rhyme, to suit tho free- trade taste, must como from Britain's shore? It's had enough to scribble hero, but hero to publish As Jeffrey otico of Wordsworth said, 14 Why this will never do i " Then quietly tho critic to tho bard tried hard to show That, though ho was not a fool, he had no " rhythmic flow." The "rhythmic flow," he made quite clear, can only be assured Whene'er an English imprint for a poem is secured. (More in sorrow than in anger did this gentle critio speak, Ami tears, as with tho Walrus, furrowed silently his cheek; But when ho'd ceas'd to praise (?) that book, he grinned and said— "I doubt If Melbourne publishers for hards will bring moro volumes out !") But, alas 1 that critic had forgot that ho, not long before, A "littlo thing" in verso himself had meditated o'or ; And days of patient toil had placed on the restricted tide Of Ids organ's circulation, 44 Last Thoughts of a Suicide"— (A sweet 44 impromptu," such as wo from Shiols expect to hear, When, after woeks of absence, in tho House ho doth appear), Whiio, calling It a "sonnet," a lator poem, and 44 woraer," Ho had chucked, much like a cabbago, at tho feet of Madamo Urso. Every now and then it appears ns if tho millennium were about to he precipitated by some new destructive invention, which promises to make war impossible by making utter and immediate destruction tho certain fate of contending armies. But those pestilent inventors never will leave woll alone, and no sooner has ono of them patented a universal destroyer than another announces an infallible counteracting invention. M. Turpin, tho ingenious invcutor of melinite, has, or says he has, contrived a quick firing machine gun, worked by electricity, with nn effective rango of 15 miles, which in 15 minutes or thereabouts will annibilato an army at that distance. This is very satisfactory so fnr as it goos ; but then the equally ingenious Herr Dowe has invented a light, easy and comfortable bullet-proof olotb for uniforms, that in singlo ply will stop a Mannlieher or a Martini, and doublo will blook a Nordenfelt or a Maxim. M. Turpin says his gun will revolutionise warfare, and it is obvious that it will necessitate the equipment of infantry of the line with a now weapon. Every man will he provided with a Dowe bullet proof cloth umbrella, and when the Turpin bullets begin to rain down on the ranku, each company will form square, unfurl umbrellas and wait till tho storm goes by, or tho Turpin's ammunition boxes are empty. Herr Dowe will indeed provo the greatest benefactor of tho human race since tho days of Friar Bacon. Messieurs Gatling, Nordenfelt, Maxim and Turpin can try again. 