MELBOURNE. April 26. [Pnoii OUR . CGKHESPONDENT.] . It.is somewhat curious that each govemffleRl' iti' .its. turn' has an • international question".' With Mr Service it was usually the New; Hebrides, a watchful eye being kept on,New {Jiiinea, especially German N.G., because it did not belong to us, and the acquisitive Briton always hankers after that he hath not. With the Gillies, Munro and Shiels Cabinets New Caledonia was as the unquiet ghosts that haunted King Diccon's couch, and now Mr Patterson trumps all tricks with Samoa, playing the deuce too, and with Malieota, New Zealand, leading. And like kind Lieutenant Belaye in Gilbert's ballad, the team are proud of their gun, such pride is hardly wrong," and cackle over the diplomacy exhibited in following Mr Seddon's lead like a hen that has just deposited on the lap of Mother Earth her first egg. As I have all along pointed out, the position of Chairman of the Department of Public Health was superfluous, and that an ordinary clerk could perform the duties just as well as the most highly salaried officer that could be dropped into the place. I am delighted to find that Dr .Gresswell has been at last put in his proper positien at the head of the board. But the retire- ment of good Dr Dick from the position of Inspector-General of Lunatic Asylums will be severely felt, as we have no officer of similar experience to succeed him, and although- the late Under-Sec., Mr T. R. Wilson, was only a few months of the year at his office, owing to his delicate health, arising-, -I Believe, from an affection of the throat, which required to be constantly treated by the exhibition of lubricants, yet he had a grip of his work which no successor who has not undergone the same training can possibly have. The fact is that by the retirement and superannuation of the former heads of the departments and substitution for them in many cases of men utterely new to the duties, who have-not even been tested in a preliminary canter as chief clerk, " the gejjice is going to the devil." WhatJ?.?, comes of the ever increasing army of penaWSSF y ou ma y ask ? If you r-Va •>»»! jcjio-Vn it will strike you that about ten per cent, of the men who you meet with ia Collins street are pensioners to some extent or other. On the 25th of each month you may see them pouring up to lodge their claims. On the 1st of the one ensuing they are to be found clustered at the doors of the Imperial pensions office where the process of distributing the amounts against their names goes on all day. So great is the crush to receive the, state's money that this office, in order to cope with the rush, opens on pension day at eight o'clock in the morning, and as the regulations of late have made identification easy, the task of settling up is expeditiously performed. But. what becomes o£ the poor pensioners you may ask. Do they commit suicide, or take to drink, or die of ennui in con'sequence-of the deprivation of their daily dole of work. Not a bit of it. They are mostly happy, healthy, energetic men, and large numbers of them on being superannuated from the service at once commenced business in the city, where you may see them by the dozen flying round Uke youngsters, and generally more spry. Others have a few acres of land, and devote themselves to growing vegetables thereon, which helps the larder as well as flowers, fruits, &c.;, for exhibition. Others again love poultry, or sketching from nature, or photographing it, others betake themselves to wooing the piscine darlings of the pool, but all are employed, and I have only met with one who; has cot said to me heartily in tones that carried con viction with them, "^hank^fodl'm rid of the service." And it is hiteresting how utterly worked out these gentlemen must be, that after being thirty years in the service; or having attained the age of sixty, they are able to start-in life anew with a fresh zest for it and—with their pensions—able absolutely to make larger incomes than they ever drew from Government. The police court's, which are to 'us replicas of the seamy sides of life, often present,us with facts difficult to understand, bat one of the oddest of these I ever recollect, was the spectacle of a deaf and dumb pugilist bearing the redoubtable name of Mace crawling to a court asking for protection from the violence of a wompn. For a pugilist to be deaf and dumb is in itself remarkable, for these gentry, are-usually as handy with their tongues as with - their fists, but to think thatrone of the fraternity could not protect himself 1 from 1 being badly hammered by a woman, and that not a particularly strong one, nor much of a virago, is about the oddest overturn of all records I ever heard of. This Mace, by the way, must not be confounded" with the stalwart Jim Mace. Our woman-beaten pugilist is a colonial boy, born at Newcastle. The Rev. Mr Marshall has caused a a considerable fluttering in the racing dovecotes. Other clergymen have been oiitsp'ok'en in their denunciation of the turf and its surroundings, but none of them -have gone quite so far as Mr Marshall. And what has done most harm to the sport is that the reverend gentleman's opinion should have followed so quickly on'the "strictures passed on suburban racing by'-'(5ie • Ch'ref Justice during his summing- up iti the Hayes v.' Australasian case. Mr Marshall prefaced his remark' by the assurance that he had been well posted up by a journalist who was conversant with racing in all its phases. But has not Mr Marshall gone just a little too far ? Has he not lost sight of the fact tliat_ with racing, as with many other British'feportsV ;it is; the "fringe,"' the surroundings'' that are; more responsible for'tilie'evil repute'attached thereto than thria^oA ntseif. • Will anyone saj' for instance that cricket, a game that Mr Marshall-accepts .with.pleasure, is. quite free from the taint of- " foul" work, or that because.one class of its patrons—save the ;iiiark^-the men who sit round theplaying groundSn^ niake use of vile language and threats to the players, and another lot who occupy higher places and have been; accused of bribery and- corruption m connection;. with - international matches, crickejt i§..to ;be - abjured as a " sink of: iniquity.. . Then agam . can ; any; ' worse phase of ruffianism be imagined than'has! been witnessed m connection with some" of our principal football matches ? Andt yet is. football: pure and simple to be con-;' demned .wholesale therefor ? It seems' to me.that in Ins eagerness to denounce; the turf the Rev. MEJ Marshall- has some-; what overshot the mark; Time was .when; racing, both in England and the eolomes, : wajs looked on as the noblest of sports,, when it earned the .title: of king thereof. Nona there any reason why it should not \ again.noccupy. the . same high position. ' :There;are;soores,. aye-hundreds and thou-.- sands of honorable men who delight in the Jieplthyicompetition :of thoroughbreds of all ages These in common with Mr - Marshall wotjld "be only too glad to see •racing cleansed-of its unsavoury surround-; ings, anH would gladly co-operate with the highest tribunals of the various 1 colonies to that end. But to say, as Mr Matsh≪ does, that the eport should be swept away altogether is to advance an opinion that is a plebiscite, and would be; •certain its.ie .refased.- endorsement ;by a large majority of the population Some surprise has been expressed that the committee of the "Eight Hours' Fete should have no long delayed the drawing of their art union Th? general rule has 1 been-to conduct-the drawing in the-ground' on the day itself This year-the date was first-alterbd to the following Monday,^ then to Tuesday night The public mmd is vbry prone to suspicion m these matters. ^ Gonsequently on .^ Monday, when the.isecondssarrangementiwas ..made' known, there were -expressions of dissent: aud^di tru t There cannot be too much: openness on these -drawings Given the slightest idea of hole and corner work'and cfailufe ivOuld"become a certainty on the: gelling of tickets It would be far "better for committees to revert to the old -plan -of a public drawing By-the Jjye, I have jnstiearnedthe true history of the winning of the first prize m the recent Brisbane property distribution Hero it is Three gentlemen one a pattuer m a latg^aubweBS m " the lane," another a member cf Parliament, and the ithird also 1 bu ine« nun, one d«y while! inching /together agreed to send- £3 to lattersalrp sweep Jn return therefdr they drew a £10 cash prize Withythis .money-they jjutchased ien tickets in On .the contrary five-sixths of them were losing heavily. " A Woman's Revenge," which ran for eight months in London, and is now being played at our PrineesB, cost Mr French, the " boss" New York theatrical proprietor, £4000 in four weeks; and had to' be taken off. Mr French told Mr Darrel that his losses during the season Would tot up to £20,000. Nor was this an isolated instance, though many of the others would not of course reach such high figures. Numbers of the best American actors and actresses, undeterred by our tales of depression, were turning their faces towards Australia, their idea being that in np place in the world could matters be so bad as in America. 