AN IRISH STORY; < " BY 0. M. ' . Beautifully situated in a pleasant valley of the Whits Knigbt'u country, at tba foot of the Gaiter Mountains, was tho cabin of Larry Dodd and hie wifo. They rented a oabin and a few aorcs of land, vrhidh tbey cultivated with great caro. Thoy wero in dependent, aud respected by their neighbors ; tbey loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, n&d; few hp.d more oppearanoo of oomfort about them. Larry wns a bard working, and occasion ally hard drinking, Dntah-built little man, with a fiddlo head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky ; then, it must bo confessed, he could not walk tbo chalked lino with perfect accuracy. Bo had a moist, ruddy aountcnance, rather inclined to an expression of gravity. Take it alto gether, ha was generally looked npon as a proper person, notwithstanding too fact that he had ovory day in the yosr, a sort of nn- holy dsw upon bis fees, oven in tho coldest weather, whioh gave rise to a supposition that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po tations. However, all men of- talents beva thoir faults— indeed, who is without them ?-— end Larry, setting aside hi3 weakness, wbb a most distinguished mm. V He was a man of mixed babito, in his mode of life, his drink and his oo3tamo. Hia dress uncorded with his character— a sort of half-and-half between farmer end horea jockey. Ho wore a bias ooat of coarse cloth, with Bbort skirts and a Btanding collar ; his waitoout wbb rod, end his lower habiliments wore mads of leather, which, in eourso. of time, hod shrank so much that they fitted like s second skin, and long use bad absorbed their maiBture to such a degree that thoy made a oraokiing noise so he moved along, A hat oovored with oil skin, a whip, ail worn and jigged at tho end, a pair of second-hand, or, to speak more cor- ireotiy, second-footed, greasy top-boots, that learned never to havo seen a blucking. brush, end one spar with a rowel, completed the everyday dress of Lsrry Dodd. . Thus equipped was Larry returning from Oaohsl, mounted on a rough-coated and one- oyod nag, though, notwithstanding theee and a fow other trifling blouiUhcs, s v/ell-built animal ; having juot purchased tho said nag, with a fancy that he ooold make his own monoy again, and mayba turn an odd penny mors by it at tho aoming Kildorry fair. Larry, -woll plsaead with himself, trottad along tho road in the lingering twilight of a lovely Juno ovening, thinking of nothing at All, only whistling and wondoring would horses always bo so low. " It they go at thin rata," said he to him- self, " for half nothing, and that paid in butter-buyers' notes, who would ba the fool to walk?" Tiiis very thought indeed was passing through bis mind, when bis attention was aronecd by a woman paoing quickly by tho side of bio horse, and hurrying on ns if endeavoring to reach her destination before night closed in. Herfiguro, considering the long strides eho took, appeared to bo under tho common sine— rather of the dampy order , bat whether the damrol woe yonng, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could form no notion, owing to tha faot of hor wearing a large oloak, the hood of whioh waa turned up and completely concealed every featnrc. Enveloped ia this mass of dark and con cealing drapery, without muoh exertion the strange woman eontrivad to keep np with Larry Dodd's ateod for some time, when his mooter very aivilly oflered hors lift behind him as far as he was going her way. " Civility begots civility," they sbj j however, bo re ached no answer, and thinking that the lady' silenco proceeded only from baebfa!- q8s8, like a man of trns gallantry, not a word \- more said Larry, until bo pulled up by ths udo ol a gap, and then said he : " My little girl just jump op bohind me' without a word more, though novor a ons have yon apoke, and I'll take you safe and sound through ths lonesome bit of road that Is beforo ns," Sho jumped at the oflsr, sure enongb, and up with her on tho baok of the horse, as light as a foatber, In an instant sho waa seated behind Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around big saiet, holding on. " I hope you'ro comfortable there, my dcarf" said Larry, in hiB good-humored way. But there wns no answer, and on they went — trot, trot, trot, along tho road — and ell waa eo still that yon might have heard the sonnd of the hoofs a mile of! ; thero was Ueiuihg ulsg io hear exaopi tha moaning ot a distant stream that kept up a continued crooning, like a nuree hashing a babe. Lurry, who had a keon oar, did not, how-, ever, rtquiro so profound a silence to detect (be aliok of ono of the shoes, " 'Tia only loots the shoe is," said he to hit companion, as they were just entering on the lonely bit of road. Some old trcoB, with branohea feetooned j with ivy, grew over a dark pool of water, j whioh bad been formed as a drinking plaoe for oattle, Hero ths horse made a dead halt, end Larry, eot knowing what vicious triekt. liis new purobc-'io might have, and unwilling that, through any odd chBnoe, tho young woman should get" spilt " in tho water, dis mounted, thinking tc lead the animal past tho pool. " By the piper's lack, that always fonnd what he wuntod," said Larry, recollect ing himself," I've a nail in my pocket ;'tii not the first time 1'vo put on a shoo, ami rnaybo ic won't be the lost, for here Is no want ol paving etonca to males hammers in plenty." « No sooner was Lsrry off than off with it swing same the woman, just at his side. Hei feet touobed the ground without making the leBBt noise, and away she bounded, lihf an ill-mannered ereatiirs as she was, without raying " By. your leave " or no matter what else. She seemed to glide rather than run, not along the road, bnt aoroes a Sold, np toward the old ivy-oovered walls ol Kilnaslattory Church— and a pretty aharol it wee, -'-'Nat. ..so (sol, if yon please, yonnf woman, not eo fast," oried Larry, oalUn; after ber.- Bat away she ran, and Larry followed, hit J-lestfiarri .garments already deesribec 'era'ok,. orsok, crackling at evory step h> took.' V, " Whore's my wages i" said Larry; «' Givt .trie a kiss, my girl ; rare, I've earned i kiss from your pretty lips, and I'll havo it. tool"' But Bhe. went on faster and faster, regard less of these and other flattering speeobet from berpuriuer, At last uko asms to -tho churchyard wall, and then ovor with her in an instant, " Woll, woll I Hhe's a mighty smart orao- tore, anyhow I To bo euro how neat shf stops. Did anyone ever see the like of that, before? But I'll not bo baulked by any woman that ever wore a bead, or Bny ditch, either !" exclaimed Larry, au, with adesparate bound, ho vaulted, norambled and tumbled over the wail into the ahuroh- yard. Up ho got from the olastio ood.of a newly made, grave, in which Yndo Lo&ry; that morning was bnriod— rest his soul ! — nud od went Larry, stumbling ovor hoRdstones nntj footstonee, over old graven end new graves, pieoeB ol ooQIdb, and tho skulls and bonoa I ol dead mon— the lord save ub 1— that .wero ' Scattered about thero so plenty as caving ' atones, floundering amid great ovorgrown dook lekvce end, brsmblos that, with their long, priokly ormo bccsino tangled around bis limbs and held bim baok with a fearful groBp. Meantimo tho morry woman in tbo oloak moved through all these obstructions an svenly and as gaily as if tho churchyard, trowded up as it was with graves and grave, etonea, bud been the floor of a danoing room Rdhud hud round ths wsIIb of the old ahuroh tho went. I'll jubt wait," said Larry, Beeirig this and thinking it all nothing but a triok to frighten ..bim, " When she oomoB round Bgsin, il 1 don't take the kiss I won't that's I nU-.\and herphe is 1" Larry Dodd sprang forward with open arms and clasped in thom — a woman, it ia tins, bnt a woman without any hps to kiss, by reason of her having no hoed I "Murder I" cried ho. "Well, that ac counts for hor not opoaliing I" . . Having ottered these words, Larry him. self became dumb with fear und astonish ment ; his blood seemed tamed to iae, and a dizzineuu uameuvcr nun. Staggering line a drunken men, he rollod against the broken window of the ruin, horrified aa the oon- viation that he had held a ghost iu his em braoo. When ho returned to something like a feel, ing of oonsolousneos heslowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wooder burst upon him. In the midst of tho ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with hoade, This wbb plainly visible In the strango light which spread itself aronnd. It was tearful to behold, but Larry oould not ohooBQ but look, for bo wae powerless through I wonder and (oar. He would have shouted for I help, but his tongue oleaved to the roof of his mouth, end not ono word oould ho say. His oyos almost started from their sookets, his breast rested on tbo thioknessof thi wall, over which, on ono sido, bis bead and out- strctahad nook projected, and ontheotbor, although ono toe touahod tho ground, it de rived no support from thenae ; terror, as it were, kept bim balanaod. Strange noises assailed his ears, nntil at lost thoy tingled painfully to-tho sharp olattor ot littlo bells, which kept up a contiuual ding-ding-ding. Msrrowless bones rattled end clnnkod, and tha deep and solemn sound of n groat bell earns booming on the night wind, It was strango musio to deuce by ; nover- tholese, moving to it, round and round the wheel eot with skulls, ware well-dressed ladies and gentlomcn, end soldiers and sailors, and prioBts and publiasns, end jookeys and Jennies, but all without thoir beads, Larry did not know what to think. Hie brsine woro ell in a mist, and losing tho balanco which be bad eolong maintained, he fell head foromoat into the midst ol tho sozr.. pany of ghoste. " I'm done for end lost forever I" roared Larry, with hie heels tamed towards the stars ; and soneel down he came. " Welcome, Larry Dodd, welcomo I" srind every head, bobbing up Bad down in tho air. " A drink for larry Dudd I" shontod tbey us with one voice, that quavered like a shako on tbo bagpipes, No Booner aafd than done. One of the number presented a brimming oup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drouk it oil liko a man. " 'Tie capital staff," he wonld have said, but be got no further than "onp " whon de capitated was he, end bis head began danoing ovor his shoulder, Larry, however, was not tbs first man who lost his bond tbrougb tho temptation ot looking at the bottom of a brimming cnp. Nothing more did be re member clearly, for it seoms body and head boing parted is not very favorable to thought. IV ben bis senses returned his Sret aot wen to put his bond to where his head formerly grow, end to hie great joy thero bo found it still. Ho then, shook it gently, but bis koad remained firm enongh, and, somewhat re- essurod by thiB ho proceeded to open bis eyes and took aronnd bim. It wee broad daylight, and in tho old oharehyard at Kilaaelsttery bo found bimoelf, with bis head " upon the lap of earth." Oould it have been an ugly dream ? "Oh, no," said Larry. "A dream could nover bare brought bo bcre. stretched ou tho fiat of my baok, with the death's head and eross-bonsa tormenting me on the flue old tombstone ol Pat Kearney ol Kilerea— but where is the horse?" He arose slowly, svery joint aching from the bruises he bad reooivod, and went to tho pool of wator, bet no borao was there. " 'Tia home I moat go," said Larry with a rueful oountcnanco. " But how will I fsoe Nanoy ? What shall I toll hor about tbo borse, and tbo two pounds ho cost mo? 'Tie them ghosts tost nsve made their own ol bim from mo, tbo horeo-etealing robbors of the world, that havo no foar for tbo gallows 1 But what'e gone ie gone, that's a dear cssq." flo saying he tnrnod his steps homeward, and arrived at biB oabin about noon without encountering sny further odveataro!. Thero ho found Nanoy who, as ho expected, looked as blaaksnga thunder-aloud ot him lor boing out ell night. Sha lleteued to hie marvellous relation whiah ho gave with exclamations of astonishment. When be bad ooncludod, with expressions of grief at the loes of the borse he had paid lor like an honest man, ehe said : " Bat whet took you up to the old cbnrefa at ell, out ot the road at that time of night, Larry ?" Larry looked like a criminal lot whom there was no reprieve. He scratched his hood for an exouee, bnt not one oonld he muster up, eo he know not what to say, "0 Larry, Larry," mattered Nanoy, alter waking for aome time for bis answer, " it's talking with a girl you were— on' you a married man I Confess the truth I" Larry shuddered at the tempest whioh ho perceived was now about to break upon bis devoted head. " Nnusy," said ho, " I do oonfesB, It wa k woman without any head — " Hie wife heard no more, " A woman— I know it west" oried she. _ But a womon without a head, Larry I Woll, j' '9 Jong before Nanoy Gallagher ever thought it wonld oomo to this with her I That she should be left desolute and alone hers by her bdBto of a haeband for a woman without a head I O father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are law to-day, that you don't eco this sflliotion and dia grams to your daughter that you rored decent and tender f O.'i, Lsrry you villain I" You'll be tbo death of your lawful wllo, talking with enoh vile oraytbers I" " Well," said Larry, putting his bends in his coat posketn, " loast said id soonest mended. O! the young woman I know nothing; bnt thiB I do known, that a womBn without a head may well be balled a good woman, booause she has no tonRuo 1" How this remark operated on the -matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, however, reported thut Nanoy bed the last word. Mr first word to ell men and beys who care to bear me is, Don't, get into debt, starve anil go to heaven, bnt don't borrow. Try firet begging, I don't mind, it it'e really needlal, stealing I But don't buy things you san't pay for !— RusUin. . Wqbh the song's gone out ot year life, yonosn't start another whiloit's a ringing in your ears ; it's beet to have a bit of silenoe, and out a' that mnybe a psalm'U some by sad by.— Edward Garrett. Tdb maelstrom attraats more notice thao the quiet fountain , a oomct draws more attention than the steady star, but it ie better to bo maelstrom, end star than oomet following out the sphere enfi orbit of' quiet usefulness in whiah God pisses as. — John Hall. Affkoutiohs id any part ot our oarriago is lighting up a oandla to our defeots, end never tails to ruako ub take notico of it, 'ither us wonting sense or sincority. Most peoplo would succeed in small things ftliey were not troubled with grout nmbl- dons.— Longfellow. Whether mllob sows should bo fed twloe a day or luree times a day is a question whioh is agitating Sho dairymen in some partB ot tho oouutry. The advocates ot (eediog twioo u day say that all ruminating animals should have plenty of opportunity to ohow their uuds, or oka their iood will not yield them its (nil nouriohmont. " A cow that has been woll led in tho morning melius hor lunch by ohowing her cud, and takes so muoh comfort in it that ohe makes more milk than sho Would by outing another 'meal, at uoau." The only way to settle this question is by »s(ual,.esptirirotqt.Apd csueful cgmutriscu of 