NOTES OF THE WEEE. —Be —Not —Misled —Styles, —The man. —Vote together. —Election next Thursday. —Next week a lively one. —Pennell on Women’s suffrage. Mr Carter took no vote at Newport. —Town leading for the Stars and Stripes. —Mr John Pennell crosses the Member’s —Tip for Thursday—Styles I, Carter 2. Williams 3. ’ Was the drillroom motion carried by “a large majority —Councillor Treganowan carries the minimum wage. Good biz. —“Vote for Williams, our own candidate.” Ffis own candidate, he means. Cheers for Styles were given at the conclusion of Mr Career’s meeting. —All the tipsters are agreed in placing Williams at the bottom of the poll. “The Protectionist Association recom mends Liberals to support Mr Styles. Mr W. T. C irter’s attack on the present protective duties was printed by the Argus iu big type. _—“ The M.L. A. should exist for the cou stituencynot the constituency for the M.L.A.' —Her. E. H, Jones. —Mr Williams at Newport denied that he is the nominee of Mr Carter. He is helping him, though. —The Member tries to play off the shop keepers against the railway men—the shopkeepers’ best customers. j —Mr Williams says if there is to be any “slipping in,” he hopes it will be he who will slip in. He will he slipped up. —The Rev. E. H. Jones says a man who drops a measure with the same enthusiasm as^he takes it up is not a model M.L.A. ! —Mr Williams says he wants the election I to be decided on policy and not on personal considerations. And so say all of us. —Bev. E. Handel Jones says “Vote for the candidate who will give you the logical j application of a free vote, namely the right of free discussion.” —Major-general Tulloch made his last inspection of the local battery last Tuesday night. Lieut.-colonel Dean-Put accompanied him. Good muster present. —'* Then it’s to be war to the knife,” said the President of the Liberal Party as a part ing shot, after Mr Williams had declined to withdraw on Tuesday evening. —No one interrupted Mr Carter as be defined to his Newport audience the meaning of a political rat. They like to meet a mau who knows what he is talking about. —Numbers who would have supported Mr Williams at last election are supporting Mr Styles this time, because they see Mr Williams has not the ghost of a show. —Rev. E. Handel Jones says a model M.L.A. will be an advocate forliheny He will advocate liberty of discussion even as applied to employes of the Newport Work —The Member sa3’s a redaction on the number of members of Parliament will me m the merging of William>town and Footscmy into one constituency.—Which is pure bunkum. —The suppor: ers of Mr Styles are confident they can defeat Carter and Williams com bined, and they point out that i*vcry vote given to Williams is practically a vote for Carter, as Williams can’t win. —A great change needed as the Legislative Assembly is at present constituted. 24 clearheaded, pure-minded, honest men would do reaby more service for our country chan the 95 «h » are there.”—Rev. E. H. Jones. —Mr Carter at Newport dwelt at length on the thirty nin h clause in the Railway bill which he had the means of striking our. He did not say, however, that this matter was not dealt with by the last Parliament at all, but b3* the previous parliament, at.d that he had made full use of it ut his last election. —Mr Carter told his Newport audience shut he did not know whether the Minister of Railways ct>uld prevent tenders oenig called for the manufacture of tarpaulins ana trucks. Is this an example of the parlia mentary experience he professes to have gained ? —Some of the crowd of Mr Styles'mas* meeting on Thursday that the two men win* taken into cu-tody were charged with throwing flour about at the meeting. As a matter »»f fact, they were arrested on a charge of wheat stealing from the Govern ment Sheds. —“ I cannot tell you how pained I was to read that the Premier, in his speech at Castlemaiue, threatened the railway em ployes with further suffering because ihej" exercised the riehts of citizenship iu differing from his own views. In the name of my brother man, I object to his being treated as a sheep; in the sacred name «»f ;he image of God, in which mau is enshrined, I protest against the Premier talking to his fellow men in that fashion.”—Rev. done*. —“ Mr VV. T. Carter of Williamsiowa, h *s at last to declare hims-.lf. All the Liberal associations have thrown him off. But h s cause is not lost. He now takes up the Conservative cause, declares bo'd y fo- the Government, and will seek to arrest Williamstown to the side of truth and righteousness. Ail this, I say, is excellent: aud it could not come about but for a general election. Everybody will have a clearer knowledge of the workers of the c .untn* after the 20th of thia mouth snail have coine and gone. - -Punc.fi, 