The Jade Snake. " No, it was not a gift from my husband ; it in my husband," Mrs. Tighe said again. Mr. Tighe was away—he usually was— and Hertys saw that any expression of his sentiments just then •vould be either caddish or brutal. And this unique Hertys succeeded in being a lover without being either a cad or a brute. It was as ugly-looking a snake, in its dainty way , as was ever cut out of jade for a bracelet. A Hollandish artisan would have put in a couple of big rubies for eyes and a forked tongue of gold. But the Japanese jade-worker had set two tiny diamonds so deep into the three-cornered head of the poison snake, that their glitter could scarcely be seen, and the wide jaws were tight shut. Had it been the live snake it looked, it could not have clung closer to Mrs. Tighe'p white wrist. She had been telling Hertys where she got the peculiar' bracelet, and there was a tone in her voice that made him think what a world of bitterness there must have been in her life. She and Tigbe had honeymooned in Japan for a n onth or two, and one day in a native shop in one of the old streets of Tokio she had seen the snake and been astonished when told that its price was something like twenty pounds. Tighe bad disliked the creepy-looking bit 'of jade-work so attach that he was angry with her for even admiring the wonderful workmanship that made it so lifelike. Of course, she went back to old Kotohiri's shop the :rst glance she got to go out unobserved, and when the old jade-worker explained that the bitof horror was expensive because the snake wis hollow and full of poison, she was more charmed witli it than ever. She had always eaten pickles before breakfast at schorl. The idea of having always about her such* a nice, subtle means of suicide fascinated ber. The stuff inside the snake, Kotohiri explained, was a powerful enough poison,, so that if a few particles of* the tine powder got into one's ^circulation it would paralyse the heart almost instantly. He was sure of its deadly efficacy, because his great grandfather, who was a jadeworker, of course, while putting the finishing touches to the third of the bracelets he essayed to make, broke it, a few particles of the powder getting into a tiny cut a fragment of the jade had made in his thumb. He left the shop to Notohiri's grandfather after about fifteen minutes of unconsciousness. Tighe's bride brought the bracelet and went to the queer little shop again the next day to have it put on. It had to be heated for half-an-hour in a porcelain oven before it could be slipped over her hand on to her wt ist, her flesh being protected by the tightwrapped bands of silk kept wet with water, that also compressed her hand till it was numb, but once on it was there to stay. After the jade had cooled enough, contracting as it cooled so that the protecting hands of silk could be taken off, Mrs. Tigbe went back to the hotel fully expecting a terrible row with Tighe. She had it. Tighe was so angry that he all but cried in his rage. He told her to take the thing off, and the way he did it would have insured the girl's keeping it on if it had been a live snake. Besides, she could nnt have taken it off had she wished to without breaking it. Tiglie said her conduct was " flagrant insubordination ;" as it was to be sure, looking at it Tighe's way, and the expression made the girl so angry that she became hysterical. She locked herself up in her room and kissed the snake's flit snout. It would put an end to the miatuke she had inude in marrying Tighe any time she chose to strike her wrist against the arm of her cha<r, or the post of her bed, she told herself. She bad a little sense left in her blonde head, though, and so she and Tighe got as far as Paris on their way back to London all right, and established themselves in a comfortable mansion for the winter. " It's my husband—my real husband," she went on to Hertys after she had told him all this, and Hertys wondered, if it should come to forgetting her husband or breaking the snake round her wrist and 30 killing herself, which she would do. " It constantly reminds me," she said slowly, twisting the snake round till she could see the glitter of its wicked little eyes — " it reminds me that it is fifteen minutes after eleven, Billy," she went on suddenly, with a smile so frank that it dissipated the dream Hertys had in his head as "suddenly as a ten-ton shell at his feet Would have done. Hertys finished pulling on bis. left .glove w ith a jerk. As he was slowly raising her hand towards his lips, watching her eiyes the while, he saw, as he had been 8dre he should, that which made him;giye the^nsd an entirely proper shake at the height of'hi* first shirt stud, and say " Good nigbfcrJUl; through Lent they fenced thw* ' " * Hertys thought he had got offhpt^ into a sufficiently platonic state, could mention Mrs. Tighe in his 1 his good old mother without telling ly lies. He had also begnn paying some attention to little Tessie Van Dock, the American girl, who had been half crazy over.him first time tbey danced together, itoccurred to Tessie that the fact that J Tighe usually chaperoned her inher inv« mother's place wasat all significant! Embassy ball, the first post-Lenten my consequence, Mrs. Tighe could not fib4 her carriage, and BO Hertys took Tessie j Mrs. Tighe home in bis hired trap, setting Tessie down at her home* 1 ! told the cocker to drive them through Bois for a while. It was a perfect nij with a perfect moon in the sky, and drive through the still Bois, with the < i ing breath of the coming spring in the soft air, bristled with pernicious influence* afterthe heat and fatigue of the ball. •%, Small wonder that from a marble womai" with emotions as statuesque aa her beauty, Tessie's chaperon changed to a boft-eyea Bchool girl again, and forgot, for the time, all about the jade snake on her wrist Md its ghosts; that Hertys felt as though be were choking with the joy that only a yOubff man can feel after he has once—a thottBa&a; times—stopped hoping. It is different with an old man. An eld man never stops hoping. When the cocker pulled up iu front of the apartment house where Hertys had a den t>f four or five rooms, the young man felt a little as one does when he realises that heia druuk and has a right to be. He Was si* most giddy. He could scarcely realise it all. As Mrs. Tiglie was getting down from thi fiacre she seemed to slip a bit and thruAt bet hand toward Hertys for support. He? wrist struck againBt the handle of thecarriage door and the jade snake bfofcfe. She fainted into limp whiteness in his arms and then Hertys understood what happened. Raising her hand into the II of the carriage lamp'he tore the glove it hfer wrist and saw a deep scratch throd the white skin with rapidly swelling dr of blood oozing out on its jigged edges. Over the scratch and mingled with the blood was a greenish-grey dust that where the red blood touched it turned into a black paste and held small bits of the jade glued to the flesh. Heitys crushed his lipB down over the scratch and sucked. The sharp bits of jade cut his lips, but he did not notice it. By the time the cocker had got down frqp^ the box they were both in a heap on the Bagstones. He rang up the doctor nrxt dbor, and after lifting Mis. Tighe into the carriage they took Hertys to his room, where the doctor blundered over him an hotir or two and then gave up. On his way back to the Van Dock'a tp find where his unconscious pussenger lived} the cocker stopped and rang up another physician who happened to know Mrs. Tiglie, and«bp> saw at once that she died from hta t fallow? induced by the excitement Incident to th(5 ball. A ROYAL BLACKGUARD.—The seamy ajJM of Royalty would seem to be tbe one most exposed to view during these * dated latter dayB of the nineteenth cent It would at first glance seem o-ld- that English ddclansde residing in Palis should hi the direct cause of a threatened revoln i *" ' in a far distant Balkan State, and yet 1 is the absolute fact. Some time back it 1 rumoured that an English lady resident'! Paris had become poi-sessed of some valuable " bills" bearing the Royal signat of Milan Obrenovitch, ex-king of Servian presumably representing urge sufittt money. This lady has now thought fit t6j for payment. Unfortunately the old i MiUn is just now at the end of his 1 so he wants more, and, what is more, ' the well kuown baby, he won't be happy < hegetsit. With this laudable intent,bp I advised the boy King Alexander tb penri the Constitution." Well, it te worth much any way ; but when* moment comes, we would suggest tot hang it up, heels uppermost, for the Servian money might roll out of its tL. pockets, and Milan wonld be only to&i-j; lighted to fob it as it fell. We seem if" member among the miscellaneous seciH on the London Stock Exchange one as " City of Milan Improvements. '* not know what has become of the comr but if there are any a vaiiableaefeets it 1 be possible to reconstitute it as thf^'M Milan Improvement Company." WeT though, that the old scapegrace Woq harder to whitewash or demolish Milan rookeries. And when you get! the rookeries and rogueries there m' splendid edifice to lay bare, as in J cue; nothing but a contemf sharper and road, who once God's anointed. . Mr. Hindle has given ai South Wales Assembly com .duct of the Government!? Copeland as^finister £ . The crops inthe< C Ne*%at*nd have«e« A man named N< posed to ha' Australian^ near An 