Hip ^inr^lglbij. lartin Sans-Tete. A STORY OP BRITTANY. Chapter I. In the little town of Grisnot, in Brittany, there lived many years ago a girl named Rose Lassaie. She was handsome, and rich, and her own mis tress, having a farm of 80 hectares, called La Sauliere, from a row of huge old willows growing along a stream in * the principal meadow. Of course she i had plenty of suitors, but sbowed-no dis ttnoitinn tn mnrrv Slin was ffaV and ' coquette ' in disposition, and many said ( not a little envious. These persons gave it as their opinion that she would never marry until a certain rival of hers was disposed of. . The fact was that Rose's claim to being the beauty oF Grisnot was not quite undisputed. The other claimant, n passive one, however, was a 'certain Mathurine Gerard, a very poor but amiable girl, who .supported an aged \- grandmother by the work of her hands. ? The rivals were very 'different in appear ance. Rose was tall, largely framed, with black eyes aud hair, and a brilliant v color, while- Mathurine was' pale and \- ? slight, with a pair of blue eyes of velvet like softness. One of her admirers apt!v said her eyes were like ' two peri ; ? winkle flowers in a plate of cream. One night Rose Lassaie had a singu lar dream. She. thought a figure appeared- before her, dressed in a bygone fashion, with a steel casque and cairass. It addressed her in these words : ' Rose Lassaie, know that I am the spirit of your greatgrandfather. I ??'.'?s.'. - am condemned for crime I committed on earth to long and terrible sufferings in purgatory, from which you can free me by an act of restitution.', Just at this moment the cock crew, and the ghost disappeared, his cry 'Rose, aidcz moiV ringing in her ears. This vision was repeated a second night. The third, Rose determined to baffle her nocturnal visitor. She was a girl of an intrepid spirit, and having a great value for worldly good, did not ? approve of the word restitution. Accord ingly she determined to wateli out the ^ third night. She made up a good fire, placed her breviary on a small table which she had placed in front, and seating herself in a huge arm chair, began to tell her beads. In spite of herself her eyes grew heavy, and she took up her breviary and tried to read. But suddenly a deep sleep , came upon her that had appeared to her the two previous nights. It spoke, at the samo time its tones were those of anger. ' It i3 in vain, Rose,' said the apparation, ' to attempt to thwart me. Your beads and breviary are of no avail. \- I am no anh'oly, but an erring creature permitted to revisit the earth by the Great Power we both adore.' What would you have me do, mon aieul ?' said Rose. 'Listen!' replied the ghost. 'I lived in troubled times, when all France was the seat of civil war, when no man's life or property was safe and when the 1 most peaceioving was liable to be called away from wife and children to battle. I hadinheritedafewhundred crowns from my fath«r, and held them close, working hard for my daily bread, and lending out Bums « ?a»- petite samaine ' to my neigh bours, One of them, Caspard Gerard, got into arrears of interest, and to escape being sold up, a fate with which 1 threatened' him, deposited with' me the title-deeds of his property — this farm, s where now you live. Ho died suddenly. I gavo out that he had sold me the farm — a lie the moro readily believed because for some years I had collected the rents of the farm and of the mill then attached to it. Gaspardi's widow, broken hearted and helpless, fell into utter poverty. She was at last turned out of her cottage by her landlord on a winter's night, and found dead some hours after, having stripped off all her outer clothing to wrap her still breathing infant, a boy. He survived, and was the grandfather of Mathurine Gerard, his sole surviving descendant and heiress to La Sauliere. ? I had always intended to provide for the orphan child, though I could not bring myself to part with La Saulie're. I had grown rich, and had como to look upon the farai as my own. Before I could make any safe plan of showing kindness to Gerard's I wa3 summoned to tho field, and in an cnganement lost my head by a sworcl-stroko. Being the cause of the death of a fellow creature, in mortal ? sin and unconfessed, her punishment is added to mine. For so many years, that to you their number would sound liko eternity, I must suffer unspeakable torments, if you, my descendant, do not restore my ill-gotten wealth. 'How do I know the truth of your Story?' asked, or seemed to ask the un dismayed girl. 'By this sign,' replied the spectre. ?You have heard of Martin Sans-Tete (the headless), who was buried by his comrades on the battlefield without his head, but which afterwards found and interaed in another spot.' So saying he put up his hands, and lifted off, not his casquo, but his head! As often happens in dreams, Rose felt no surpriseat this singular operation, and proceeded to ask for the title-deeds. 'Remove the centre drawer from the oaken press yonder. Touch a brass headed nail you will see ;a second ? drawer will appear containing a roll of leather. Inside it you will find tho ; deeds.' With theso words tho ghost disap peared, and Rose slept on dreamlessly until morning. She awoke when tho * sun was high in tho heavens, and was greatly surprised to find horself in an arm-chair instead of her l;eld. By de grees sho recollected her singular dream. Piece by piece old stories she had heard as a child came back to her, in whicli' her great grandfather figured. IIo was a man of great courage and capacity, and without scruple of any kind where his' interests wero cou \- cerned. To be continued. 