A COUNTRY SWEETHEART CHAPTER XXXVI. (CONTIONUED). By DORA RUSSELL. Author of “ Hidden Chain,” “ Footprints in the Snow,” “ the Broken Seal,” “The Track of the Storm,” “The Vicar’s Gover ness,’’ “The Last Signal,” “ His Will and Hers,” &c.; Sister Margaret had not exerted herself in vain. In addition to the Üsual dish of chops, the had purchased a pigeon-pie, a. lobster, sod various trifles, on her way through the town. In fact, she looked on the repaßt she spread before Webater with pardonable pride. And lie tried to make the whole thing pleasant. He told Borne good stories; he complimented .Sister Margaret on her pie, sod the good woman thoroughly enjoyed herself. And when lunch was over, Web ster, after going to the window, and looking at the smooth sea and the sailing boats scudding nn its blue breast, proposed that they should go out for a sail, and Sister Margaret was quite delighted with the idea. ‘I have not been out for a sail Bines I was a girl,’ she said; ‘ it will make me feel yonng again.’ ‘And you?’ Raid Webster, looking at May, 'wonld you like to go?' ‘I think I should,’ answered May gently. Sothe.y went down to the beach and engaged a sailing-boat, and were soon flying on white wings before the light gale. It wae a beau tiful day, sunny, cloudless, almost warm, and yet with the crisp touch of the early winter in the clear air. Thnt crisp touch brought a wild rose bloom back once more to May’s fair oval cheeks; it brightened her eyes, and she smilpd more than ones aB she sat by Webster's side. ‘lhave never been on the sea before,’ she said to Webster. ‘Do you remember when ' and for a moment she paused — 1 when we rnwed nn the Thames ?’ Yes, Webßter remembered that day too well; remembered the beautiful girl sitting opposite tn him in the boat, on the reedy river, and dipping her white hands in the stream, There was no her face then, nn sorrow in her heart. Oely sunshine and hope, with the unknown future lying before her bathed in golden light. But he made no allusion to these memo ries. ‘Hike the sea better than the river,’ he said, and there swept over his heart a strange sod paEßionate emotion as he spoke, A wish to bear May ajvay from her troubles for trer; to carry her to anew haven of rest and peace. But by-and-bye the short whiter day began to close, and Sister Margaret drew her cloak nearer to her throat with a little shiver, asd glanced uneasily at the distant shore. ‘lti.otimewe were returning, is it not, Mr Webster?’ she said. These words roused Webster from his love dream. ‘ Yes, I suppose it is,’ lie said, and lie gave dilations to the boatmen to set sail for the shore. Rut it was nearly dark when they reached Hastings, and there was a silver hack from a half-moon on the rippling tide. They crossed this in the boat, and Webster hailed it as a good omen. ‘lt means a eilver lining to our clouds,’ J l6 said; ‘ a sign that we must always hope.’ CHAPTER XXXVII. A Sudden Change. May and Sißter Margaret stayed another fortnight at Hastings after this sea excur- B '°n, and Webster went twice down to see them during this time, and Sister Margaret 'yos satisfied in her own mind that every th'og was progressing as she could wish. Then the weather broke up, and storms and pies swept round the coast, aud the sea foam flew into tbe town. And it was only when this happened that Webster yielded to May’s repeat'd requests for them to return ;° Loudon. She wished now most earnestly Commence working to earn her own . ln S, and had had some correspondence ff hh Dr Brentwood on the subject. He hnd arranged that she should join tfhe staff of nurses at St. Phillip’s, as probationer, and .ter Margaret had already given her some ■ustractions. But twice during this time a ?*r°ug temptation rose in Ralph Webster’s heart; n temptation, however, which he checked, and this was to ask May to be i? wife, and so shelter her all her future life. ‘lt would but frighten her, and make her uneasy | la t o i,j himself; ‘ no, it is too Boon.’ So May vrent back to St. Phillip’s with mster Margaret, and when Webster saw her a gstn she was dressed in -the black gown *nn white Ca p an fl apron of a nurse. She tolled, however, so charming in tliiß cos- Jtute that he could not conceal his admira tion. You look like—well, wbat shall I say ? B ( e Md, smiling. ‘ A Sister of Light.’ Do you mean an angel?’ answered May, , tng also. * Ah, I wish I felt like one !’ And how do yon really like e nt on Webster, with his dark eyes Btill ,1 015 ber fair faee. t y j ero Bre P’ut’ful things, of course,’ hesi -8 od May, • but still you always feel that helping someone, and that is some- But I hope they do not give you any \«-ork; any disagreeable work ?’ they are very good to me,’ answered i # °ftly; everyone has been very good— "and as for you, Mr Webster Being gnod is not in my way,’ answered fbMer, hsstfly turning away his head, f an not know what you call good then; < ? T nn ? t te !'you what I think.’ alay n voice faltered a little when she Baid _ - ftn( f .Webster's eelf-impoßed reserve, a . r .L*P , > m ight have broken dowji, hut just his moment Dr Brentwood entered the °®» as it was in his sittingrqom that tbs interview between May and Webster was taking place. Indeed, it must be admitted that ‘ Mrs Church 1 was treated with some favoritism by the house- surgeon; and there were some plain nurßes and some plain pro bationers who made their private commeuts and remarks on this fact. But May was eo gentle and unassuming that as a rule she dis armed criticism. ‘lt’s her pretty face,” they said, shrug ging their shoulders; “ well, men are all alike.’ And her pretty face had no doubt a great deal to do with it, and her pretty manner, and her sad sweet smile. Dr Brentwood openly said to Webster she was too hand some for a nurse, but he knew, aB all men who looked at her knew, that she never sought or desired attention or admiration of any kind. . And bo the quiet dreary months drifted away, and May stayed on at St. Philip’s Hospital, and only Ralph Webster knew that she lived there. Of John Temple, Webster heard nothing, except that one day, when Christmas was past and' gone, be ac cidentally met Mr Harrison, the solicitor, who told him smilingly that ho had had a visit from the actress, Miss Kathleen Weir. ‘She had heard somehow,’ he said, ‘that Mr John Temple is now heir to his nnole’s estates, and she therefore wished her allow ance iuoreased. Bnt I put her off, my dear. Rir, I put her off; quite time enough when Mr John Temple does succeed.’ ' ‘And where is Mr John Temple now?’ asked Webster. ‘ He is abroad; he went abroad shortly after I had the visit from Miss Kathleea Weir, and he looks shockingly HI, really shockingly ! I wish, I am sure, he may live to onme into his inheritanse.’ ‘ What Bort of a man is he ?’ ‘ Be used to be a remarkably nice fellow; pleasant, and rather philosophical in fact. But when I saw him last ho had a most shat tered appearance, like a man who had gone through some great mental strain, or bodily illness. I fancy you know, Mr Webster,’ added the little man, shaking his head, ‘ that that early and unfortunate marriage of kis has been a most tremendous worry to him. At least when I mentioned Miss Weir having called at my offices he scowled, and muttered something about wishing he had never seen her faoe. He may, you see, now want to form a more reasonable marriage, but there is this millstone—a handsome enough mill stone though, ha, ha, ha! hanging about Ills neck.’ • He should not forget that he hung it him- Belf though,’ answered Webster grimly; aud then he left Mr Harrison. But when he next saw Kathleen Weir in reply to her eager enquiries he was able to tell her that he had heard that Mr Jehu Temple had gone abroad. ‘ But where and when?’ asked the actress, quickly. ‘ That I cannot tell you.’ ‘ But, Mr Webster, I um anxious to know. That old rogue, Mr Harrison, the solicitor, of course knows very well. But if I went to him he would not tell me. How am I to find out?’ 1 But what good would it do you to find out?’ ‘ Because I am convinced John Temple has something to hide. I want to be divorced from him, that's the truth, and if I knew where lie was I could set detectives to watch his movements. Don’t you see ?’ ‘ Unfortunately I cannot tell you where he is.’ ‘I wonder if old Harrison would teil you? Oh ! do be a good soul and help me if you can,’ mid blib laid h»r pretty, whit", b«- ringed hand on hb arm and looked in Iris face. ‘ It’s so stupid to be bound like this to a man who ia perfectly indifferent to you, and, moreover, who sctually detests you ! I swear to you he looked as if he really hated me that day on Westmineter Bridge. And why should I waste all my youth and my life? His money is not worth it.’ ‘ It is a very hard case, certainly.’ ‘I have felt this lately,’ said Kathleen Weir, in rather a marked manner; ‘ before I think I did uot care.’ Again she looked in Webster’s face, and with a sort of discomfort his keen dark eyes fell before her large, restless grey ones. He was not a vain man, but a vague conscious ness smote into his heart that this handsome woman had begun to regard him with dif ferent feelings to his own. This idea made him more chary of his visits, and colder in his manner. And Kathleen Weir, quick to perceive this, also drew back. Thus some weeks passed without him Beeing her, when one morning an announcement in the Times brought her affairs more prominently before his mind.. This was no less than a notice in the obituary column of the suddon death of the Squire of Woodlea— ‘On the 2ist inst., at Woodlea Hall, Philip Temple, Eeq., aged 75, of heart dis ease.’ Webster read the announcement twice over, thinking all the while of the great changes it might bring. Not to the fair, black-robed probationer at St. Phillip’s Hos pital, though, he decided; it could not touch her very nearly now, but to John Temple and Kathleen Weir. And yet, on second thoughts, he remem bered it would bring Temple baok to Eng land, and would make the friends of the girl more eager in their enquiries to learn her fate, John Temple would probably now be forced to tell what he knew, and the fact of his first marriage might he brought home to him. Therefore, the knowledge of the Squire’s death disquieted Webster exceed ingly, and the day did not pass without his receiving further news concerning it. The evening post, in fact, brought him a letter from Kathleen Weir, and the notice from the Times of Mr Temple’s death fell ont of it when Webster opened the envelope. The aotresß had evidently written in a state of great excitement. ‘ Dear Mr Webster,’ he read, 1 the enclosed cutting from the newspaper will tell you what haß occurred. This Mr Temple whose death it records is the uncle of John Temple, who is his heir. John Temple is now, therefore, a rich man, and as I am unfor tunately Ilia wife he c mnot prevent (I sup pose) my benefiting by his accession to fortune. But though money is a greafthing, an immense thing, it in not everything. John Temple, looking like a ghost, with misery stamped on every feature of his face. There was, I am sure, some strong reason for this, for as a rule he is an easy-going man, Inclined to make the beat of every thing, as he used to think it uot worth while to strive with fate. • There I did, and do disagree with him. It is worth while at any rate to try and make the best of one’s life, and it is not making the best of mine, I think, to remain the wife of a man I never see. He is a rich man now, can afford to pay a long price for his freedom, and his freedom I am certain lie desires. What I mean is tliis—ha will now be coming to England, and will, of course, go down to the place he has in herited. I want, therefore, someone to go tn him, and make him a proposition; to say, in fact, Kathleen Weir, the wife of whom you are tired, is also tiired of you, and wishes to be free from eo galling a tie. I am cer tain it might be arranged, only it ia bo diffi cult to write on such matters, and one can only do so to someone in whom you have complete confidence. I have complete confidence in you, though I have seen seen so little of you of late, but I think I can understand the reason of this. At all events will you C"me to see me now, aud we can talk the matter over. . Will you come to-morrow evening ? I shall be aione, aB I have a whole host of things to tell you— ‘ Ever sincerely yours, ‘Kathleen Weir.’ Webster read this letter, and at once understood its meaning. Kathleen Weir wished to be free, and she believed that John Temple had given her cause to seek a divorce, and that if she were anxious to obtain one, that he would offer no opposition; nay, gladly aid hrr in her desire. She also meant, nnd Webster smiled a little scorn fully as he thought this, that she intended to make him pay for his freedom. They were to play into onch other’s hands in fact, and she wished some confidential friend or agent to approach him on the subject. • I wonder if she intends this honor for me,’ he refl cted bitterly. And he thought of May Churchill with a quick pang of pain. If this woman could obtain a divorce, and would accept money to be divorced, which 1 no donbt John Temple would gladly pay, he would be free to marry May. Webster bit his lips and frowned angrily at this idea. This no doubli was Kathleen Weir’s design; she would not scruple, she hod said, to in vent a charge of cruelty against him, and for the rent she hod a perfectly good-case. Webster began walking restlessly up and down the room after he had considered the aotress’ letter, but he determined to do nothing to aid her. But if she succeeded, whot should he do ? What would be beat and kindest to the poor girl whose heart John Temple had nearly broken ? It was a painful question, not easy to answer or to solve, but at all events Kath leen Weir had not yet obtained Inr divorce. ‘I will go and see her,’ he decided; ‘I will learn exactly what she means to do.' Therefore on the following evening he did go to see her, and she was very pleased to welcome him. She started up as ho entered the room, and held out her little white hand. ‘ How good of you to come,’ ehe said. 1 1 have been wishing so much to see you.’ ‘ I came to talk over youc great news,’ he answered with a smile. l lt ie great news, isn’t it ? Great and good news, for I hope soon it will free mo of John Temple !’ ‘ But—what havp you to go upon?’ 'I will find something to go upon,’ said the actress, half impatiently. ‘I have his address, at all events, now, for he is sure to go to Wnndlea Hall and look after his pro perty, and I must find someone—or ’ And she pi used and thought for a moment, and then d»pp»d her hands. ‘I must find someone,’ ehe repeated, ‘ to go to him, or go myself! There, Mr Wehßter, what do you think of that? What do you think nf my going to visit my lord in bis new state? 1 would be a welcome visitor, wouldn’t I, and no doubt could make a splendid bargain with him in his eagerness to get rid of me !’ But—it would expose you to a very pain ful scene?’ ‘I am accustomed to scenes, you know,’ answered Kathleen Weir, with a little laugh. ‘ Do you know I think it is a splendid ideß. At all eventß, we might mutually agree to meet somewhere, and arrange also mutually to gat rid of each other ?’ ‘ But what about the Queen’s Proctor intervening?' Kathloen Weir gave an airy shrug of her shonlderß. ‘ We mußt manage to be too clever for the Queen’s Proctor, and John Temple, I’m cer tain, will be only too glad to back me up in anything I say. I shall have some handfuls of hair ready, and swore he tore them nut of my head.’ And Kathleen Weir laughed. But Ralph Webster did not laugh. He was thinking of May Churchill and how her fate might hang on the false words of this woman’s tongue, and he looked very grave when he rose to go away. ‘Going bo soon!’ cried Kathleen Weir, gaily. She was disappointed at his leaving so early, but she did not wish to show this. I I can wait,’ she thought after he had quitted the room; ‘they say everything comes to those who wait.’ (To be continued.) 