'ROLOGUE. '.'F-stoonsider! You wowuldesoon get to \- hate:iie.-- I shbotldbe the'rnin,of you."- ." Thus the owner of the bright, sparkling face which was turned, half-mockingly, half ruefully, upon that of her companion. Look ing- out- killingly from under the broad brimmed hat, the dark lustrous eyes seemed to melt into his. "How can you say such a thing:" was the reply, in the deep; half tremulous tone of -a man who is in dead earnest. " How can yousay such a thing?" he repeated involun -tarily, driving a spur into his horse's flank with' a dig that 'made that spirited animal curvet and prance beneath the restraining curb. '? Oh, take care ! you are making my horse .asretve And I am such a bad rider, as you knoew." And the.lithe, graceful figure in the well- fitting habit was thrown into the 'elief involved by a real physical effort. "How can I say so " she went on. "How •canI say so? Why, it is only candid on my part. Do you seriously think a butterfly :like me is cut out for a life on the High Veldt?" . The man's bronzed features faded to a :ghastly paleness. He everted his head for ,mome moments, as though with a wild in. stinctive idea of breaking the spell that was -upon him. Overhead towered the stately .cone of a great mountain, soaring aloft m the summer haze. Around, in undulating Ssweep, the bush.clad elopes abut in the -tortuous, stony road. Birds piped and called -to one another in the lustrous sunlight, and Sthe rich sensuous air was alive with the \- drowsy boom of bees, and the metallic plash \- of the river in its rocky bed beneath. " There are other and pleasanter places in this country than the High Veldt," he said at last, butin the tone of an advocate plead ;ing a hopeless cause, and that cause his own. "But, even then," she rejoined, her voice . softening as though in compunction over the final stab she was about to inflict, "even then-no one is less qualified to make you happy, than I am, believe me. Why, you . don t really know mess I am. Sometimes I lthinkI hardly know myself." "You do yourself injustice," he said "-Give me the opportunity of proving it." A curious passing spasm-a kind of a ..stormy look-shot across the beautiful face. "You are too generous," she replied vehemently, "and far too good to be made miserable for life by such a little wretch as I am. Better, far, feel a little sorry now than that." \- youare underrating yourself. But " -" . -Tak time' but oh. d?mny darling, don'R me t'ainatw 'you ear jout now is your fnal answer." "I must tell you that very thing. It cute me to te he heart to give you pain; and that is more than Ihave been able to saybefore to ..any man living. But-there are reasons- if yon only knew. There. Forgetthat I ever said that. But Iknow that with you, any thing I may say is as safe as deathitself." This time he made no reply. For one brief instant their eyes met, and in that instant he understood her; understood, too, that her fist answer was final. Yet hewas goodly to look upon, this man 'with his splendid physique, and refined, noble countenance. Many a feminine heart, we trow, would have beat quicker-but with Vivid joy-at snch words as he had addressed to his present companion. Many a pair of eyes would have brightened gladsomely into a quick love-light. Many another would have desired no better protector and stay untilher life's end than this man now riding by the aide of her who had rejected him. To propose on horseback is the very worst place a man can choose wherein to propose, saye someone or other, by reason of both the proposer and proposee being in a measure sub jectto the precarious whims of one or a pair of wholly unreliable quadrupeds. He who now rode there had either never heard that salutary axiom or had forgotten it for the occasion; but now he was made to feel ita force by a male voice, some little distance ..ahead, hallooing : "Now, youtwo good people, spur up, or we shall never get there to-night !" And a bend in the road brought into view otherhorsemen--other " habits"-stationary, andobviously and provokingly awaiting the arrival of the two laggards. And the equestrians, now merged into one group, rode on their way in the golden enn light of that lovely afternoon, rejoicing in the exquisite glories of the wild and romantic mountain road. But, in the prevailing mirth, one among them bore no part, for he carried within his breast the dead burden of a sore and achingheart. CHAPTER I.-Tits;esT-LANo. The heat was terrible. Terrible, even for the parched, burning Ssteppes of the High Veldt, whose baked and crumbling surface lay gasping in cracks and fissures beneath the blazing fierceness of the African sun. Terrible for the stock, en feebled and emaciated after months of bare subsistence on such miserable wiry blades of shrivelled crass as it could manage to pick up, and on the burnt and withered Karroo bushes. Doubly terrible for those to whom the wretched animals, all skin and bone, and dying off like flies, represented nothine more norless than the means of livelihood itself. Faraway to the sky-line on every side, far as the eye could travel, stretched the dead, weary surface of the plain. Not a tree, nota bush to break the level. On the one hand a lowrangeof flat topped hills floated, mirage like, in mid-air, so distant that a day's journey would hardly seem to bring you any nearer ;. on the other, nothing-nothing but plain and sky, nothing but the hard red earth, shimmering like a furnace in the in tolerable afternoon heat; nothing but a frightful desert, wherein, apparently, no human being could live-not even the ape. like bushman or the wild Koranna. Yet, there stands a house. A' house thoroughly in keeping with its * urroundinge. A low one-storyed building, with a thatched roof and walls of sun-baked brink. Just a plain parallelogram; no at tempt at ornamentation, no verandaeh, not even a "stoop." No trace of a carden either, for in this horrible desert of drought and aridity nothing will greow. Hard by stand the square etone kraals for the stock, iand a little further on, where tho level of the plain sinks into a slight depression, is an artifcial dam, its liquid store at present reduced to a small patch of red and turgid water lying in the middle of a surrounding margm of dry flaky mud, baked into a eriss.eross pattern :of cracks, like a huge moseaic. On'a low, stony kopje, a few hundred yards distant from this uninviting homestead, ails its owner. Nobody but a Boer could dwell in such a place, would be the first thought succeeding that of vewonder that any white man could be found to inhabitit at all. But a glance would suffiee to shabow that he •ow sitting there is not a member of that dogged and pachaydermtous race. The face isa fine--even a noble-one, 'whose features the bronzed and weather-wornresults of a hard life have failed to roughen. A broad, lofty brow and pensive dark eyes stamp their owner ass man of intellect and thought, while the pecnliarcurve of the well-formednostrils betokens a sensitive and self-containednaturo. The lower half of the face is hidden by a dark silky beard and moustache. One brown, sinewy hand grasps a geolo gist's hammer, with which it chips away list lessly at tho .ground. But, although the action is now purely mechanioal,-it is not always so, as we shall see if wee use our story-teller's privilege and dip intohis inner thoughts. Briefly rendered, they run in this wise : " Oh, this awful drought i When is it going to end ? Not that it much matters, either way now, for there's hardly a sound hoof left on the place ; and, evenif a good rain did come, it would only finish off the whole fever-stricken lot. Well, I'il have to clear out, that's one consolation. I've held on as long as anyman could, and now I'll just h-aveto go." His gaze wanaers over the arid'plain. Far away through the shimmerit rests on a multi tude of white specks-aflock of Angora goats, striving in desperation to pick up what miserable subsistence it may. ; "There's nothing to be done with the place-nothing," he muses, bringing his hammer down upon a boulder with a despair ing whack. "It won't selleven foran old song-no one will so much as touch land now, nor will they for a long time to come, and there isn't a ' stone'" on the whole farm, for I've dug and fossioked in every likely place, and unlikely one, too. No; I'll abut up shop and get away. -The few miserable brutes left are not worth looking after-not worth their brand ziek (scab-effected) skins. Yet I'll have one more search, one more crazy fool's errand, after the ' Valley of the Eye,' before I trek. This'll make the fifth-but, no matter. One may as well make an ass of oneself five times as four. 1 can't exactly believe old Greenway took all that trouble to dictate an infernal lie on his death-bed; and. if his yarn's true, I'm a rich man for life-if I can only find the place, that is," he adds, bitterly. "And I've had four shies at it. .Well, perhaps the fifth is going to be lucky." With which consoling reflection the thinker THE LOCUSTS WERE COMING. rises from his stony resting-place, revealing as he does so a tall, straight figure, admir ably proportioned. Suddenly he starts, and a sallow paleness comes over the bronzed, handsome features. For he is conscious of a strange giddiness. A mist seems to float before his eyes, shutting out completely the glare of the burning veldt. "Never that cursed up.country fever again" he murmurs, to himself, in real alarm. And for the latter there is reason-reason in the abnormal and unhealthy heat of the terrible drought-reason in his utter isolation, the vast distance between himself and a fellow countryman-let alone such consider tions as medical aid. Recovering himself with an effort, he strolls on towards the house. There is no sign of life about the place as he approaches, unless a couple of miserable, fever-stricken sheep, panting and wheezing in the shade of the kraal wall, constitute such. But, dead and tomb- like as it looks outside, there is some thing refreshing in the coolness of the inner room as he enters. A rough table-cloth is laid, and a knife and fork. The walls are papered with pictures from illustrated prints, and are hung with su:inging shelves contain ing a goodly number of books cf all sorts. A few choirs and a couch, the latter much the worse for wear, constitute the furniture; and, on the whole, what with pipes, stray bits of saddlery, and miscellaneous odds and :ads of every descripFion, the place is about as untidy as the average bachelor abode is apt to be within the pale of civilisation, let alone awayon the High Veldt. The floor is of hardened clay, and there is no ceiling nothing between the inmate of the room and the bare and ragged thatch, one drawback to which arrangement being that a fine, lively tarantula will occasionally drop down upon the head or shoulder of the said inmate. A call of " Kaatje. Dinner brin?,"is soon productive of that meal. in so far as the remnant of a half-starved and wholly unnutritious chicken, dressed up with so in sipid an ingredient as somn plain boiled rice, can be said to constitute dinner. It is pro ductive, simultaneously, of an extraordinary specimen of humanity. A creature of mahogany hue and parch ment hide, the latter banging in flaps around her perspiring ands ecantly-attired person. A creature of the hidiosity of one of Bunyan's fiends-a frighful grin, horn-like ears, and a woolly skull-waddling on the abnormal hip-development of the native Bushman or Koranna. A. nice sort of being tobring in one's dinnerinot of itself over inviting ! But one cets uted to queer things on the High Veldt, ani this hideous and repulsive object is only a harmless Koranna woman, and according is her lights a good old soul enough; and sie officiates as cook and general feetotum to thei rough and ready household of one. r The swarming fi?es Izz around. The windows are black with them ; the.table is black with them; the sais thick with them. In they sail through open windows and open doors, fresh from the fetai stew-pans of the kiteben; fresh from the acrid, pungent dust " Diamond," in dgrr pa lance. of the goat kraals; fresh from the latest garbage, which they have beensbharing with carrion birds, in the veldt. They light on the diner's head, crawl about his face, crowd over plates and dishes and table-.cloth-mix them selves up with the food, drown themselves in the drink. Everywhere flies. The South African housefly is identical with the British-but he is a far greaterpest. IHe is more aggressive, and he brings to bear upon his victims the solid weight of numbers. Go where you will, you cannot shakehom off. If you fit up a waggon, and drive into the far intoner, there also will the common fly be with von-and with you in swarms. Renshaww Fanning looks disgustedly at his uninviting meal, and plays with Itrather than eats. Then he pushes back his chair. He has no appetite. Again he seeks the open air. A restless mood is upon him, and broiling, stifling as the heat is outside he cannot remain in the house. Suddenly a winged object appears flattering in the sunlight. A saick ex clamation escapes him, as he shades his eyes to watch it. " Ha, of course ! The last straw ! Locasts. Here they come, by Jove! thicker and thicker to put the finishing touEh on what the drougb has begun. By this time to morrow there won't be a blade of grass left on the place, nor a hoof, either." He stands watching the flying insects. Barely five mnnutes after the discovery of the first one, the air is thick with them.: They seem to spring out of nowhere. Thicker and thicker, they come, their gauzy wings flutter ing in the sunlight, blundering into the spectator's face, colliding with the walls, falling to the ground. It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. A few starved fowls at the backof the house perk up into new life as they rush forth to fill their emaciated car cases with this. unlooked-for and abundant dainty. But t che r withdraws indoors again, as if to shut out all sight and sound of these new and fatal intruders, and, as he does so he is conscious of terrible shooting pains in his limbs. Though of Irish parentage on one side, Renshaw Fanning is South African born. His life, so far-and he is now thirty-five has been a hard one. Few, indeed, are the wilder, rougher phases of South African life of which he has not had more or leas experi ence. He has farmed and has ridden trans port (carriage of goods by waggon), he has hunted and traded in the far interior, he has been a treasure-seeker, and has also fought in the border warfare which now and then breakes out between the Colonists and their savage neighbors. But profitable as some of these avocations frequently are, somehow or other Renshaw Fanning has never seemed to make a success of anything, and this is mainly owing to the extraordinary unselfish ness of the man. He will divest himself of his last shilling to help a friend in need, or even a mere acquaintaoce-indeed, he owes the possession of his arid and uninviting desert farm to this very failing, in that he has been forced to accept it in satisfaction of a bad debt which would otherwise completely have ruinedhim. As a matter of course, his friends and acanaintances vote him a fool, but deep down intheir hearts lies a mine of respect for the only thoroughly unselfish man they have ever known; and even the unscru pulous ones who have traded upon and profited by his failing did so with compuno tion. But with all his soft-heartedness and sen sitive and retiring temperament, none who know him have ever for a moment mistaken Renshaw Fanning for a muff. No cooler brain exists, no steadier hand or keener eye m times of danger or dangerous sport whether at a critical moment, atthem0eroy of some treacheronsly disposed barbarian tribe in the far interior, or with finger on trigger awaiting the lightning-like charge of a wounded and infuriated lion. Or on treasure seeking enterprise, when physical obstacles, combined with failure of water and scarcity of provisions to render advance or retreat a work of almost superhuman difficulty; the post of hardship and privation was that which he unobtrusively assumed; and, in deed, there are men still living who, but for this, would long since have left their bonesin the desert -occupants of unknown graves. No, assuredly none who know himn can ever mistake Rensliaw Fanning for a muff. Such is the man whom we see, solitary, de pressed, and in breaking health, contempla ting, on his desert farm, the approach of ruin -which ruin all efforts on his part are power less to avert. CHAPTER II.-AFP.uEND I NEED. Down, down to the far horizon sinks the westering sun, the malignant fierceness of his blazing countenance abating somewhat, for he is within an hour of his rest. Yet the earth still gives forth its shimmering heat, and on every side the red surface of the parched-up plain assumes a hue of blood be neath the golden glow of sunset, which, con traeted with the vivid blueof the heavens, is productiveof a strangely weird and unearthly effect. So thinks, at any rate, a horseman, toil somelymaking his way over its inhospitable expanse. His steed, snffering terribly from want of water, as well as from alack of nutri tious food, can hardly drag its limbs along. and more than once has the rider endeavored to relieve the poor beast by undertaking long spells of walking. But who can indulge in protracted exercise under such difficulties? Consequently, the horseman, though of fnlee and powerful build, is nearly as fagged and usedup ashis unfortunate steed. Now and again a flying locust raps himin the faceas he rides. " What an infernal country !" he exclaims aloud, wiping his dripping forehead. " Nearly sunset; no sort of habitation in sight, and not even a drop of water in this howling desert. By Jove, the situation is getting serious," he adds, in a tone bordering on alarm. His alarm is not without reason. Sines quitting last night's camp beside a nearlydry waterhole, containing anoisome mixture, and that of the consistency of a pea-soup, he has found no trace of the indispensable fluid. And he is lost. A worn-out horseunder him, foodless, waterless, in the. midst of an apparently interminable desert, he has every excuse for beginning to feel excessively con cerned. He is a fine, tall, well set-up man, this stranger, No partiality could define him as handsome. His features have no regularity, and his light blue eyes are a trifle too small and deep set; but there is a certain power about .his countenance, whose square, resolute jaw, the short, fair pointed beard and heavy sweeping moustache can only half hide. Though his face and hands are burnt red brown, there is a subtle something which tells at a glance he is not colonialborn, and that, too, quite apart from the newness of his travelling dress prematurely worn by rough usage, and of the serviceable valise which is strapped in front of his saddle. A stony kopje, the only eminence for five miles around, rises before the traveller. This he has been using as a landmark, and through its agency steering in a straight line. It, too, having reached, he now ascends and immediately there escapes him a pretty forcible ejaculation of relief. Away in front, bresking the'deadly monotony of this horrible plain, lies a house-a home stead. It is still three or four miles distant, though apparently nearer. But the horse has espied it as soon as his rider, and prick ing forward his ears, he picks up his head and steps out.with something of an approach to briskness. " The first elation-at the certainty of find ing necessaries such as food and drink-over, the traveller's thoughts turn to considera tions of comfort. After all, the welcome haven is, in all probability, a mere rough Boer homestead, the abode of dirt and fleas, a place wherein comfort is an unknown quantity. And at such a prospect, hungry, thirsty, thoroughly wearied as he is, his spirits droop. But his musings are interrupted in a sun~ciently startling manner, by nothing less than the "whiz" of a ballet un pleasantly close to his head, simultaneously with the " bang" of the piece whence it was discharged. Looking up. he finds that he has ap proached within a few hundred yards of the homestead. In the doorway of the same stands a tall man, clad in a shirt and trousers, with a gun in his hand, from which he is ex tracting the still smoking cartridge shell. Barely has he mastered these details than another bullet sings past his ear, this time nearer than the first, while the report rings out upon the evening air. To say that the wayfarer begins to feel ex ceedingly uncomfortable is to express little. Here he is, a perfectly peaceable, unoffendine person, about to seek the much-needed hospitality of yonder domicile, and suddenly, and without an iota of provocation, its owner proceeds to make a target of him in the most cold-blooded fashion. True, he has heard that many of the up-country Boers are a wild and lawless set, holding an Englishman in utter detestation. But this open and unpro voked "act of war" surpasses anything he may have been led to expect. ' Here. hallo ! You, sir ! What are you blazing away at me for?" he sings out, his tone betraying a degree of anger which prudence !should have induced hunm to sup press. His hand instinctively goes to the revolver slung round him in a holster under his coat. But of what use is a six-shooter against en enemy many hundred yards distant, and armed with a rifle 9 Therefore, it is with considerable relief that he beholds his uuex peated adversary ground his piece, stare at him for a moment, then disappear indoors. The feeling is but transitory, however, as it occurs to him that the fellow has pro bably gone in to get more cartridges, and that any moment he may find himself once more raked by the enemy's fire. He judges it prudent to try the effect of a parley be fore venturing any nearer. "Hi IHallo, triend !" he shouts, "just drop that target practice, will you? There isn'r an ounce of harm about me. I'm nothing but a poor traveller lost in the veldt, and pretty well dead for want of a drink. D'you understand?" Then it strikes him that if the inhos pitable householder is, as he expects, a Boer, he will probably not understand. "What. is to be done"" exclaims the wayfarer, in sheer despair. "Well, here goes. May as well be shot as starve in the veldt; and perhaps the fellow's only playing the fool-trying what I'm made of-and, if I were only within fifty or even a hundred yards of him, the ' trying' wouldn't be all on one side." Thus musing, he continues his advance upon the homestead, walking his horse and -wbsnmu-n n -5t.ept tc n.ppre thnronghl unconcerned, although in point of actual fact he feels pretty much as the Six Hundred must have done on receipt of the historic and idiotic order. But no more leaden greetinas reach him, nor does the enemy appear. All is silent as the grave as he rides up to the house. The front door stands wide open, exactly as the shooter had left it on retiring there from. There is not a sound of anybody moving inside. The place might have been uninhanited. Just thhn the sun, which all this time has gradually been sinking, and has already touched the horizon, disappears. Something like a chill creeps over the traveller at the sudden gloom which falls upon the tenement just as he is about to cross its threshold. Standing at the door, he rans it, somewhat impatiently, with the handleof hiswhip. Noanswer. Cautiously, and with hand on his pistol, he enters. There is no passage; the door opens straight into the sittingroom. At the sight which meets his eyes he starts, and in voluntarily falls back. In a corner of the room stands a tall figure. Leaning with one shoulder against the wall, its eyes are fixed upon the intruder, great hollow eyes, which seem to glitter strangely, and the deathly pallor of the faceits enhanced by its framing of dark hair and beard. Though otherwise motionless, bothhands and lips are working slightly, but no sound escapes the latter. The wayfarer, thouch not by any means a man of weak nerves, is conscious of something horribly uncanny about this ghostlike figure, so silent and immovable, gloweriig at him in the shades of the fast- gathering twilight. But at the same time he recognises his recent assailant. No ghost this, but-a madman. For a moment both stand staring at each other. Then the strange-lookingfigure speaks. "Welcome, friend-welcome. Come in, come in. Make yourself at home. Have you brought any locusts with you? Lots of them-.swarms, to eat up what little grass the drought has left. Have you brought them, I say? Aha-fine things, locusts! Don't know how we should get on without them. Grand things for this country I Fine country this! Green as an emerald. Emeralds! no, diamonds. But there isn't a 'stone' on the place, devil a 'stone.'" "Locusts ! Emeralds! Diamonds !" echoes the stranger in amazement. "Scott, but the poor chap's clean off his chump--clean off t What on earth am I to do with him, or with myself either for the matter of that ? ' "Not a 'stoie' on the place !" goes on the speaker, in a mournful tone. "I've foseicked high and low, and there isn't one--not one. Ah, but--the ?'sley of the Eye! Come, friend. We will start at once. You shall make your fortune. Dirk! Dirk!" he shouts, passing thewondering stranger, and gaining the doorway. A withered old Koranna, clad in a mangy sheepskin kaross, who has just finished pen ning a flock of Angora goats in one of the kraals, comes running up at the summons. At sight of his master his parchment visage assumes a look ol deep concern. "l)ie Baas is reegte ziek !" (the master is properly ill) he says, turning to the stranger. "I should rather think he was," assents the latter, who, although his acquaintance with colonial Dutch is extremely limited, has no difficulty in grasping the old fellow's meanmg.. "Stones. locusts, Valley of the Eye! Pho! The sooner we get him to bed the better. "I soy, old man," he breaks off persuasively, laying a hand on the shoulder of his unconscious host, "You're not quite the thing, you know. Come along and turn in. I'll give you a hand at getting your togs off." The otherlooksat him vacantly, and seems to comprehend. Hesuffers himself to be led into the inner room quite docilely, and there and the, to be assisted into bed. Once there, however, the bloodrushesto his face, and he begine raving horribly, though his violense inde exprestion in speech rather than in action. (TO BB CONT5IDED.) While a Georgia editor was addressing an andiene fifteen cabbages were thrown on the stage. "I thankyou,ladiss and gentleena," ae said. - " My gardenwaskilled bythe re cent .blizzard; and I have a large family to support. All that I need now is a ha- .t 