REVERBERATIONS. Cooler. Politics. Income-tax Local government. The weather changed Berry wants Budgong. Comedy Company coming. Inspector of Dairies about. Another land sale spoken of. Mining law is a queer thing. English Cricketers in Victoria. Snake yarns from Cambewarra. School of Arts revenue decreasing. Much interest in Yalwal just now. Fishing excursion on the Bay to-day. A Bald-y snake yarn from Cambewarra Homeward Bound case advanced an- other stage. Mr. C. S. Moss has returned from Tas- nania, and looks Well. Is Numba to be numba-d with dead municipal institutions ? Kangaroo Valley doesn't like the idea of being joined to Berry. Bush fires destroyed a great deal of timber at Coolangatta. It took 30 men all their time to pre- vent Mr. B. V. Boyd's house at Berry being destroyed by fire. Seven barristers in the Homeward Bound case. Dr. Hay's Jersey cattle are to remain in quarantine for 60 days. Jindiandy paid 8¾d per lb for butter last month. Mr. C. Murray, sen., is on a health trip to Yattayattah. N.S.W. Creamery Company have begun operations at Bega in earnest. S. H. Fuller hiis succeeded Mr. W. H Cork, school teacher, at Terrara. Last University Extension lecture of the course last night. Mr. Alex. Hay will return early in December. The Caledonian mine may cause an- other stir shortly if all that is said is true. Mr. William Watts (of Numba) has gone to Melbourne to visit his sister, who is seriously ill. It is said the Homeward Bound Com- pany will have to bear the expenses of the late litigation. ' Review of Reviews ' to hand. Not up to standard of previous numbers both in printing and literary merit. Mrs. Murray, a resident of Nerriga, died suddenly on Wednesday morning last from heart disease. Mr. C. Moss didn't see a drunken man in Tasmania. When they saw C.S. they vanished like Geoardie's ghost When a man draws a ticket in a sweep the country press assumes it to be a duty to let everybody know about it. Mrs. Geoghegan (of Berry) anticipated the wreck of the Wairarapa by a dream. She says emphatically that in that dream she saw her son clinging to the wreck. If Berry gets a roads engineer under the now Local Government arrangement, there will be better streets over there. The best of aldermen make bad road engineers. Judge .....Berry Pig Island, and .......— our Rose- berrys and..... — let it go without a struggle. Mr. James Gibson, son of Mr. John Gibson, of the Jindiandy Dairy Company, has been engaged by the N.S.W. Cream ery Company to arrange the opening of the new creameries erected by the Com- pany. Mr. R. Shepherd, late of Berry, is now manager of a tannery recently established at Lismore on the Richmond River by Messrs: Edwards and Company. A Nowra newspaper man saw the sun rise the other morning, and he was so much affected thereby, that he went forthwith to the office and wrote a par about it. Why — the sun rises every morning in the year. HOLLOWAY's PILLS.— Though good health is preferable to high honour, how regardless people often are of the former — how covetous of the latter! Many suffer their strength to drain away when maturity is reached through.... of....afforded by the.................... become ............. mind slothful. The...... all indigestion by these Pills is so easy that none save the most thoughtless they would permit it to say the spring of life.— ADV. 