THE MODERATOR AND THE BIBLE. 10 the editor of tub daily telegraph. Sir —One cannot read the address oi the moderator and tho various discussions that have arisen with reference to his re marks on the inspiration of tlic Scriptures ..ill., inf. feeling the dire necessity for a firm stand to ho taken in defence of tlic good old Book that has worked such miracles in our oini lives, and in tlic faith of which our fore fathers have died and stained tho " heather with their blood." Tho men who have had the moral courage to oppose the moderator deserve to be placed en the roll of the cham pions of the 19th century Christianity. It will prove to the thinking world that it is not because a man is called "Mr. Moderator' or " Mr President " that lie is to say just whatever he chooses whether it be true or otherwise, and such statements are to be un assailable. I am glad that the voices of moil of moral stamina, ministers of backbone, hav raised their voices against the moderator's address, and have thrown upon the svorld the fact that tlic voice of tho moderator is not the voice of the people, much less the voice of God II 1 could bring myself to believe as the moderator does, then, instead of the Bible being to me the purest and most elevating piece of literature ever issued from a printing press— instead of it being the rule and guide of my life, the Magna Charter of my Christian liberty, and the arsenal to be resorted to for arms and weapons to fight the good fight of faith against infidelity and scepticism (that type of scepticism even peal ing forth from the presidential chair of the Presbyterian Assembly)— it would be with a feeling that all Bible-loving men and women have been the victims of ail irrevocable delu sion, anil that the men who wrote the Bible were either in a similar state or wero a body of base prevaricators of the truth, and that the Spirit that is understood to have influenced these men was a demon of falsity instead of tliat pure and Holy .Spirit emanating from the Father and Son- working to-day among the systems of despair to raise men from death unto life. The moderator lias, alas 1 placed a handle in the hands of sceptics to-day that they will not delav in grasping. Belter for men who are in the same category of belief as the moderator to lay aside their robes, vacate the pulpit, and take to something else that they can conscientiously do. Is it not the "blind leading the blind ?" We talk about Bradlangh, Ingersoll, Voltaire, etc., but it is a question which do the most harm to the cause of Christ ; these sceptics and infidels, or the preachers of the Gospel higher criticising it, and ultimately taking apart ments in the doubting castle of the Inspiration of the Holy Word of God, from which they preach from and earn their bread. this feeling once take hold of the masses, and then the result will he that 1111011 the doors of our churches the word Ichaood will be written. If once tho Word, the infallible Word of God is im pugned, then goodbye Christianity, and wel come brutality, vice, and crime. No, Sir. "Holy men of God spake as tlioy were moved by the Holy Ghost," and for a man to say that certain portions of the Bible arc inspired, and that some of the state ments are the voice of the God and some the voice of the old Adam (as was lately inferred by another minister when reading to his con gregation from Jeremiah) is nothing but arrant presumption and a piece of diabolical toadyism to tho whims of a certain class who desire to get into Heaven in golden slippers. I trust that these men who are so manfully opposing the error of the moderator and others will, through the Spirit of God, be enabled to bring the people to tho full know ledge of the entire unique and word-for-word inspiration of the Holy Scriptures. — Yours, etc!, ALFRED J. BONG BBS. Parramatta, March 13. 