NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES Vlioount Wolseley to iavlt.il to th. djn'ner of the Thirto.n Olub, h.ld in London l.it month, but init.sd. of attending isnt to Mr. W. H. Blanoh, pre.id.nt of that now famoua institution, tho following letter, which woo, how ever, roocived too lato to be read at the mcmor- ablo aalt spilling, mirror breaking banquet \ 1 i.k, : "The Royal Hoapital, Dublin, Mtb January, 1894." Doar Sir,— I have to aeknowlcdge the receipt of your letter of tho 30th ult., aud to request that you will ho good enough to oonvo'y to the com mittee of tho London Thirteen Olub my eincoro appreciation of tho groat honor thoy would con fer upon mo. I wish I oould aooept this flatter ing invitation and become an honorary mombor, but I could not honestly do so. I not only believo in many superstitions, but I hug them with the warmest affection. Thoy link me, if not with a spiritual world of whioh I lenow nothing, at loast with a glorious and artistic and picturesque past, of which history has told mo muoli. I believo in ghosts and in amu lets ; I have worn out tho rim. of several hats sinco I have boon in Dublin through my 8nlutatlons of single magpies— that mystie bird abounds in Ireland — and I would uot ou auy ac count walk under a ladder, &c.; in faot, I am prone to adopt any nuparstitiou I am told of which I find othore believe in. How, therefore, could I express sympathy with the objects of your olub J I could not ; but I can thank you and all tho members mast oordialiy for your kind invitation, and wish you many very plea sant meetings, I am sure they will be so, although you all hava tlio misfortune to rejoeb superstitions which are the salt of life to yours very gratefully, WoL3Et.Br." Wine at Id. a quart is ono of those dreams which tho habitual toper can hardly ever oxpect to see realised on this imperfaot planet. In the South of France, however, that is the price at which good vin ordmarit ia now being offered, end, what is more, even at that highly modest quotation it fails to find buyers. The vintage of the paet autumn was pronounced at the time to bo ono of the most abundant that had- ever been known, a phenomenon to whioh the extreme warmth aud dryness of the summer no doubt largely contributed. Tho result is that wine is at present a drug in the local markets. There is so muoh of it that its owners, including the thrifty Gaolio peasant farmer, as well as the magnates of the wine growing business, are at a loss how to disposo of it. Stories of the Caucasian wheat growers who, two yean ago, wore, obliged to turn wheat and maize into fuel for lnok of an avail ablo market, are reoalled by euoh a condition of affairs ; but, unhappily, no means exist of utilising claret in the same way. Nor can it be employed, as American farmers are alloged to do with tbeir superfluous peaches, for the purpose, of fattening bogs. The experiment of dosiug the harmless nece.sary pig with the jnico of the grape is one that, in the iuterestB of humanity, should be oarefuliy avoided. These seasons of abundance in the yield of the vineyards ocour periodically. Thus, in 1875, the oost of the grapes from whioh champagne is made was only oome 45 f. a " caque," or largo barrel. At Avize and Le Uesnil, two great centres of the culture, grapes fetched 50 centimes the kilogramme, or about 2d. a pound. On the other hand, it does not follow that be- oauso grapes are dear the quality of the vintage is oortain to'be equally valuable. In 1880 the growers are said to have realised more for the :prhd'uce of their vines than in any other year within tho memory of man, Is., 5d. tho 111. boing about the highest figure reaobed ; and the reason of this unprecedented dearness was to be found in tbo scarcity muoh moro than the quality of grapes. So in 1873 in the higher olass vineyards of the champagne country enormous prices wore paid ; yet the vintago was most unsatisfactory, the autumn having been both cold and wet. The market, however, as Mr. Vizetolly explains in his usetul work on the History of Champagne, was in great need of wine, and tho fruit, while stili ungatherad, was bought up at exorbitant prices by " epifou- lateurB" who supply the vin brut, or rough wine to the manufacturer?. Wine is a commo dity whioli seems to be as oapable of having a "corner" made in it as wheat or pork; and. a year of abundanoe like th. present must bo the despair of intending operators in that de partment of industry. The oldest Cabinet Minister is the Right Hon. W. B. Gladstone, M.P,, First Lord of tho Treasury and Lord Privy Seal, aged 84 ; the youngest is the Right Hon. Herbert Henry Asquitb, Q.O., M.P., Secretary of State for the Homo Department, egad 42 (his impending marriage juat announced with Miss Margot Tennaut, sister to Dorothy Tcnnant, who mar ried Stanley, the explorer on his last return from Africa). The oldest member of her Mujeity'a Privy Council is the Right Hon. Sir Jamoe Bacon, Kuight, aged 95 ; tho youngest, the Right Hon. Lord "Walter Gordon- Lennox, M.P., aged 28. The oldest duka is tho Duke of Northumberland, K.G.; aged 83; the youDgest, the Duke of L'eiriStcr (a minor), aged 6. The oldest marquis is the Marquis of Northampton, K.G., aged 75 ; the youngest, the Marquis Oamden, aged 21. The oldest earl is Earl Grey, ICG., aged 91 ; the youngest is the Earl of Leitrim (a minor), aged 14\. Tho oldest member of the House of Com mons is the Right Hon. Charles Pelham Villitrs, M.P. for the Southern Divi. eion of the borough of Wolverhampton, aged 92 ; the youngest, BIr. William Shepherd Allen, BLP. for tho boroughofNewoastle-under- Lyme, aged 23. The oldest judge in England is tho Right Hon. Lorn Ether, Master of the Rolls, aged 77 ; the youngest, the Hon. Sir John Gorell Barues, of the Probate, Divorce and Admiralty Division of the High Court, ag«d 45\. Tho oldeet prelate of the Churoh of England is tho Right Rev. Riobard Durn- ford, D.D., Lord BiehoD of Chichester (who is tlie oldest peor of the realm),- aged 91 ; the youngest, the Right Rev, Alfred George Edwards, D.D., Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, aged 45. Tho oldest baronet is the Rev. Sir John Warren Hayes, of Newlands, Arbor- field, Borka, aged 94 ; the youngest, Sir Richard Vincent Sutton (an infant), aged 3. Tho oldest knight is Admiral Sir Lewis Tobias Jonee, G.O.B., aged 96 ; tbo youngest, Sir Henry Beyer Robertson, of Pali, Merionethshire, aged 3L— Who's Who in 1894. The Emperor William has again tried his hand at his favorite gamo of surprises, and, al though it may havo served its purpose, tho officer who woe made the subjeot of tho experi ment had to pay pretty dearly for it. The second regiment of Dragoon Guards was called out suddenly on to the Tempelbof Common, and an officer, Count von Wedel, was ordered to rldo at otico to Dresden with a message for tho King of Saxony. The Berlin correspondent, who tells the story, says that tho count was not allowed to ride on the high road, but had to take roundabout ways, the supposition being that a hostilo army had occupied the territory between the two capitals. This oircumstance, combined with the slippery state of the roads and the severe cold, made tho ride a severe one, and tho eount took 22 hours to oover the distance. Immediately after de livering his message to tho King of Saxony the otBoer, thoroughly exhausted, fainted away. A sergeant who attended the count stood tho test muoh bettor. A prinoe whose life at the present moment calle for muoh sympathy is tho Grand Duko George of Russia, second son of the Gzar, who for the paet three years has been wasting awoy from consumption. Hia Imperial Highness, who was born at Zarekoff-Sllo, near St.' Peters burg, on the 9th Blay (27th April O.3.), 1871, is therefore only in his twenty-third yoar. He is oolonel of the Irkutsk infantry regiment, No. 93, and an honorary lieutenant of the Austrian regiment of Uhlans, "Alexander IL, Em peror of Russia," No. 11. But the Grand Duke's career in life was not to have been a military, but a naval one, his Imperial Highness being indeed the " Sailor Prince of Russia," just as hie namesako and cousin, Prinoe George, the Duke of York, is the "Sailor Prinoe of England." It is said that the two princely eoueius greatly resemble oach other in character and temperament, whenco their popularity with high and low in their respeativo countries. Three years ago the Grand Duke George started with liia brother, the Ozarewitoh, for a voyage to India and Eastern Asia — a voyage whiob, by the way, nearly resulted in the assassination of the bgir to the Russian throne in Japan, his Imperial 'Highness being saved by bis ooutin the dashing young Prinoe George of Greece; but in the Red Sea the young Grand Duke fell ill, and had to return to Russia. It was at first believed that hie Imperial Highness suffered from ineipiont typhoid fever caught on board, but the malady subsequently proved to be con sumption — an aflliotion hereditary in tlie Romanoff family. Thus the present Czar'H eldest brother and heir to the throne, Nicholas, suooumboil, at tbe early age of 25, to this malady, at Cannes, whilst already engaged to tho present Czarina, second sitter of the Princess of "Wales, whom on his deathbed he pathetically betrothed to his brother. The poor Grand Duke George has. since his return, been obliged to resido in the balmy, but at times also orisp and bracing, air of the Caucasus and the Crimea, far away from hie beloved parents and brothers and sister, who occasionally pay him a. visit there. It was, indeed, on the return from ono of these visits that tbo entire Imperial family was all but annihilated at Borki. The destructive fire at tho scene store of the Paris Opera House has again olearly shown tbe folly of keeping the exceedingly inflammablo stago decorations in, or oven in close proximity to, the theatre in which thsy are used. No matter how a scene store may be shut off from tho rest of a theatre building, says tho Builder, the latter is sura to be destroyod if the deoora- tions onoe get alight, as not evon the most efflaient Qre brigade can be on the spot in force with the same rapidity as a fire of oanvat and tinderwood oan spread, and wo may even say burn itself out. Of the othergreat opera house? of the Continent, the one at Vienna is tho only one which keeps large amounts of scenery on the premises, i.e., has dangerously extensive seene stores in tho theatre proper. Tbe Vienna " Hofburg " Theatre, the royal play bouses at Berlin, tho Opera House at Frankfort tho National Opera House at Budapcstli, and tbe Imperial play houses at St Petersburg all have separate magazines somo distanco away. Of theso the extensive blocks ill the Russian oapit&l; are certainly the most interesting. They liave only lately been remodelled by tho architect of tho Czar's Theatre Administration, Professor Viotor Sehriiter, and now hold innumerable sets of scenes, as well as all the necessary properties and aostumos. Oue block, for instance, always containi 135,000 costumes, 72,000 pieces of underwear and 20,000 pieeoa of armor, besides all tbe necessary workshops; and another, again," ha 1000 pairs of " wings," a similar number of drop scenes, and here, again, all tho necessary carpenters and painters' workshops. In the report of tha Anglo-Ameriaan Tele graph Company it is stated that " in viow of tho age of the oompany's cables and the necessity for assuring tho efficiency of the service, the directors havo, after much anxious deliberation, deoided to lay a new cable from Ireland to New foundland in tho coming suinmor." This cablo will cost" £450,000, or rather less than was estimated, and it will, of course, he paid for out of the renewal fund. Including £80, COO invested in cable, the reserve at tho present time amounts to £1,005,070, which is all invested in first olass securities. Tho official report of tho French Ministry of J ustico for 1890 just issued contains particulars as jo the operation of the Divorce Act whioh camo into foroe in 1884. From that dato to 31st December, 1890, 38,377 potitious had been lodged, and of these 33,870 hud been successful, while 2427 had been rejected, and 2080 had resulted in a compromise. Concurrently with the increase in the number of petitions for divorce the suits for separation decreased, hnv- ing fslleu from 2470 in 1884 to 2041 in 1880. The number of divorces and separations to every 1000 marriages was respectively 24 and 5 in 1890, whilo in 63 cases out of a hundred the pe tition for divorce was lodged by tho wife, and in 87 oases out of a hundred for a separation. More than half of the petitions for divorco wore lodged by the working olnasos, while trados- peoplo were 20 per cent, the liberal professions 12 per oent., farmers and peasants 9 per cent., and 'domestic servants 7 per cent. In 38 of every 100 oases the petitioning party had been married from 5 to 10 yours, in 28 from 10 to 20 years, in 22 from 1 to 5 years, in 7 from 20 to 30 years, in 3 less than a year and in 2 more than 30 years. In 76 of every 100 cases the potition was based upon tho ground of oruclty or doserlioo, in 21 upon the ground of adultery and in 3 upon the plea that tho respon dent had been oondemned to penalsorvitude. Actions for broach of promise of marriage aro rarely heard of in France, remarks a Paris cor respondent, but what ia nearly equivalent to one waa begun on 18th January before tlie Third Ohambar of the Civil 'Tribunal. 'The plaintiff is an aotreis, and the defendant is the son of a wealthy notary. He fell desperately in lovo with her toward tile end, of 1891, having mt her at some private theatricals. Later on he oonfoised hi desire to make her his own, the aotress having insisted that he could only do so by marriage. As he was not of proper age ho suggested that thoy should be joined in wedlock by a priest in Switzerland whilo awaiting the due legalisation of their union according to tho atrict provisions of the Fronoli law. The marriage accordingly took place in the Canton of Valaia, where a village cure tied the knot, and the actress took tho name of her husband in Paris and elsewhere, although she was known on tho stage by hor own alias. Matters weat on smoothly until October, 1892, when the netress received a surprising notioe from tho defendant, who said that he desired to break off all relation ship between himself and the plaintiff. The latter accordingly commenoed an action against the notary's son and claims £10,000 damages, or an annual allowance of £720. The case for tha plaintiff was preaonted to the court yesterday by her legal adviser, and the ploadings for tho de fendant will bo heard next woek. A story whioh has been told of moro than ono Russian is revived by a St Petersburg corre spondent. At a little station not for from St. Petersburg tho Czai', as the story runs, made a somewhat longer stay than ho had originally inteuded, and feeling hungry lie partook of some simple food at tho buffet. Meanwhile tho littlo daughter of the mayor presented the empress with. a bouquet, the flowers of which were has tily gathered from private hothouses iu the neighborhood. Tho stalks being still damp and dirty, the empress, visibly embarrassed, hesi tated for a moment to soil her gloves by taking tho bouquet, whereupon tlie Czar olinolied the matter by seizing one of the heavy pewter dishes on the table, and, twisting it as if it wore paper, made a neat covering for the stalks. The story has at least vraiscmblance, as the Ozar's musoulsr strength is undoubtedly abnormal. Dr. Boobbyor, of Nottingham, lately told an imprcssivo story oonocrning Mr. Justice Haw kins, at a meeting of Blidland medical officers of health, recently held at the Birmingham oounoil house. Mr. Justioe Hawkins was at Nottingham on assizo business, and at night he noticed a bad smell in his bedroom at the judges' lodgings. It annoyed him, and with obaraoterUtio prompt ness bo got up, and had the quiet alumbors of tbe clerk of the peace disturbed in order that fresh lodgings . might be found for him. The inoident at the time was thought amusing by ail exoopt the gentlemen who lost their sleep, but its after oonsequenaes were serious. On examining the room the drainage arrange ments were found to be about 150 years old, and owing to a defeotive trap a oesspool venti lated itself into tbe room. Until then there had been no marked instauoo of diseaeo arising from this stato of thing ; but four memb«ra of the County Oouucil died from disease con tracted whon inspeoting the cesspool. It ia reserred for the monthly magazines to give ua oharacter sketches of the Czar of Russia with anything approaobing consistency. But if we are to "believe a story told by BIr. de Blowitz, the correspondent of the Times in Paris, this gentle, estimable and philaiithropiomonaroh has been much maligned hy some people. "Who but a man. of modern ideas could give tlii answer to a flattering courtier, who suggested that posterity would call him " Alexander tlie Just' ?: — "Oh, no." tlie Czar oxclaimed, "I am and shall 'remain the Peasant Kmporor. Some of my nobility have styled me so in derision, scoffing at my affeotion for the moujik. But I accept the title as an honor. I liave tried to procure for tho humble the means of livelihood, and this, I think, is the best and only means of keeping tbe world going. After all, I believe that only two men have really known what Socialism it- Henri IV., who dreamed of giving every peasant la poule a u pot, and perhaps myself, whose greatest ambition is to save tho Russian peasant from dying of hunger. For when people under stand that they run no danger of starvation they begin to bless God, and end by loving the sovoreign who represents Him on «artb. I am not among those who believe that the only way of ruling easily is to render tlie people powerless by privation and fear of the morrow, and my greatest ambition is to desorve to bear to the , last tha title of 'he Peasant Czar," 