THEY HAVE THEIR EXITS AND THEIR ENTRANCES." Tub story of tho wool: peet is Illustrated by Lo.vofkm.ow'b poom of the two angole who PoihA o'er the city era tho moraine rpao, And one was crowned with amaranth as wltu flame, And one with asphodels like flakes of light; On Saturday night lust tboro was rejoicing in nil tho cities of tho Empiro that tho direct heirship to the Tlirono wnfi ensured in tho pcrnon of a son : tho wino cup circled, tho National Anthem wan wing. On Montlny, whon tho official celebration of the ovont took placo, the bunting was gay in tho aky, paIvob of artillery at noon riiook the air, und tho joy-bcllH clanged from tho great towers of tho cnthcdrulu and tho steeples of tho churches. And though, perhaps, wo of tho Anglo-Saxon race aro prone to make a llttlo too much of tho birth and death dates of our tnon- nrcha nml princes, yet it must bo admitted that this event was worthy of special note, for tho young princo born on tho 23rd of Tune not orilv i» in tho lino of gucccstuon, but, if ho lives, is inoro likely to prove the direct successor of Ilur Majesty tho Queen than cither his father or grandfather. The Queon is, for her years, a remarkably healthy woman, of exceptionally regular and figocnsiiring habits; sho aimers from hut three forms of physical illness, none of thorn of a kind llkoly to prove mortal, nor tending seriously to sap tho physical vitality ; and the powers of work, and sys tematic early rising, indicate thnt her constitution has sulTorail but little. She lias novor suffered from a dangerous de vitalising sickness in her life. This can not bo said of her son tbo Princo of Wales, who, it is said, lins never liccn exactly tho snttio man as ho was before the attack of typhoid fevor that prostrated him at Sandringhain. Tho Prince u now 53 years of ago, lias lived freely, and, from nn inntiratice ugcut's point of view, would not bo considered as good a " llfo " as his much rcsncctcd mother. H.H.It. tho DukO of York is also, according to tho English society papers, very different from tho frolicaoino young princo who visited us in the Hncchanto, and is, in fact, always ill indifferent health, so that for tho peace of England it is well that a direct rieir has beun born, so that tho Crown will not puss into the collutcral lino. Thoro aro boiuq profofis to think .that tho Crown will not devolvo at all, and that Republicanism will supplant Monarchy, but that day must necessarily bo far distant, and no a matter of fact there 1h little indication of its approach. Even tho agitation against the HbuBo of Lords, which Mr. Gladstone in his last groat speech ondenvoured to lash into fury, has died away in caltn, und tho Monarchy remains apparently as firmly placed as over. Aa A writer pointed out some tlmo buck,: what would England gain by having to elect a President overy three years or bo, with all tho political degrada tion and corruption tho olection would entail, when it has lilroady . a poriuaneut Presido'nt, who allows the people to man- age their own affairs and seldom interferes with tlietn ? Would any object bo gained in displacing the Monarchy in order to follow theexnmplo of America and France? But in this life change cometb swiftly; and while on Monday wo were rejoicing with " ho who wore thocrownof asphodels, '' on Tuesday " tho uiigel with tho ainur- unthino wreath" cast the shadow of hix presence on us like a pall, und tho -day of joy was changed into mourning for though thore is a good deal of friction of an irrituting character between England and Franco just now, Englishmen, who abjuro ftBBnssination in any form, wcro prompt to expresH their horror of tho deed, It woiild appenr tlmb tho Anarchists ;of Europo, 'emboldened . by the success .'of their recent efforts at blowing down build ings and murdering: innocent people, aro becoming bolder,' and !aJ this they are encouraged by the; extraordinary lenionoo of tho authorities, who after nn outrage, instead of seining all ho conspired: to' scaffold, content thcinscivea with the exe cution of ono of tho conspirators, as if tho crhno were one of ordinary/murder; So long as this milk-and-water .policy, is pursued Anurchista wiU flpurish and continuo to commit crimes that will shock mankind. If only it wero uiado clour thlittho punish ment for overy Anarchist or "person con sorting with him; wbetiier his hands wore, imbrued in blood or not, should bo invari ably douth without hopo of mercy, tho breed, if thoy' could- riot' bo cowed, might bo oxtermimitcd:; r If : this - is not dono it will soon beComo necessary to proclaim martini 'law throughout Europo for' tho protection of citizens who desiro peace fully to go ubout their business. It may :bo said tliat tho VthoueandB of ''executions of Nihilists that have taken , placo in i Russia havo'.not- auoceeded; in crushing Nihilism, but the circumstances are differ ent, Nihilism Is tho revolt of tho intelli gent of a nation sgoinst an ignorant, brutal,' and insupportable tyranny, which is crush ing 'all hope out. of the dwollers in a 'country whioh lit boat inspires little cheer; fulnoBs. Nihilism is a natural movemont with a purposed Anarchism is - a' mail, purposoloss folly. Its aim appears to bo to destroy nil constituted antborlty, but to' what ond ? If the , whoto fabric of authority wob pulled ' down to-morrow some other must take its place. And An- UrUlllBIU UUW HUM ,«VHVUW M««9 "placo." Its'spirit ia, !- Wo would pull that down, too." Tho philosophic Nihilist, if ho has not yot advunccd so far as to frame the now order that shall mipplnnt the old, admits that somo must; lie does not wilfully stoop his huuds in blood without an object. Only, ho saya, before tliero can bo any iiow evolution m Russia tho exist ing order of . things must be swept away. And ho devotes himself to that task first. The Anurchist stops at nothing, though Ids crime is purposoloss, and can lmve no possible result save to securo his own den til. -And thut s why tho world feels that there is a vast gup between tho brutul murder of euoh a man us Sadi caunot and the persiKtont attempts mudo upon the lifo of stho G4ur;of.liussiu, and conseqiiontly-tbolr syioputhy pours out like a cataract. ' . ' Telegrams announce tbo oloetion of m. Cahimiii feuibu (President of the Cliumberof Dopiitios) as President of tho French Republic. Football Social.— Last evening the social In aid of the Border United Football Club-was held at the 8ohool of Aits, Corowa. and proved a success beyond oxpeotaihus. Bctffoon 00 and 70 couples worn preaont, and the hall was decoratod in a most fasci nating stylo, Tho walls were bang with wreaths and flags and the dovioe " Border "United Football Club" was a vory promi nent feature of the display. Tho floor was good, musio ditto (Mr, Monaduo's band from Obiltern), and in the capable hands of Mr.'O, Jaokson the catering gave every satisfaction— cvorytbing'vtending to mako the affair most enjoyable, DfNTiernT,— Mr. C, M. Hall, dontist wll visit Corowa on Tuesday aftcruooD, July 17, and Ratherglen on Friday, July 20. All Limkb Monthly Railway Ticbstb, — Tho Issue of " all lines " monthly tickets at tho rato of £6first and £3 second class an innovation introduced by the late Yiotorinn Railway Comtiiesloners, is to bo discon tinued. The commissioners consider that monthly all lines tiokots should never have been issued naless at double the rates mentioned. Srirb of Rutubbolxn.— Tenders aro invited and will bo received opto Saturday, ' Jnly 7; for tho following works:— "Works at Sehlne's Golly, Norong ; formation, Ac., on Kelly and Dunn's rood, Carljla ; formatioo, orosstoge, Ac., on Sullivan's road, Carlyle; formation, metalling, Ac., on Scctt'e bridge road, Carlyle ; formation, Ao., on Chandler and Withers' road, Lilliput; works near the north-eastern railway, Chlltera West ; arnrka ftfe Rnrrawes' uallv. Carlvlc 1 OUttiuET. &c;„ at Cuughey's hill, Gooramadda; snp- plyiag maintenance metal on the Wahgun yah rond, central riding; formation, Ae., ' on M'Anoney's road, Carlyle ; works on the cemetery aud adjoining roads, Carlyle. Tub A.N, A, —On Tuesday evening last, in the Temperance Hall, Ruthergloa, the local branon of tbo Australian Natives' Assooidtion held tboir usual fortnightly meeting, when tbo election of officers for the ensuing six months took plase. Tbo following gentlemen wore ro-eleoted t— Mr. T. Robins as president; Mr. W. Cummins, vice- presidont; Mr, A. Telford, treasurer. Mr. J. Taylor was eleeted seorotary, and Mr. A, F. Buckley assistant seorotary; committee— Messrs. G. Young, F. Cooper, D. Williams, J. Telford, ond A. Naab. A most pleasing ceremony then took place, when tbo president presented the ex- fleoretary, Mr. John Fortuuo, a member's certificate, handsomely framed. Mr. Robios alluded to the satisfactory manner in wblob Mr. Fortnno had carried out his duties as tho original secretary of the branch ; be bad worked bird to ensure the sncoessof the branch, and these remarks wero fully endorsed by nil present. Mr. Furtnno suitably roplied. Couosma.— Tho first meeting of tho Brown's Plainn Conrsing Club was success fully beld at Brown's Fliins on Wednesday last, when the Advance Australia Stakes, for 10 all-iged dogs was ran off. There was a good attendance, bares woro plenti- and a good day's sport was enjoyed. The stake was won by Mr. T. Peel's Misty Morn. Tho following are the results:— J. Walsh's Overdraft boat W. Beccroft'a Flora; W. Grlffin'rt Lnvandaio beat C. Purves Snrpontj J. Walsh's Iolauthe beat G. Scott's Kismet; A. E. T Bartloy'o Dreamland boat W. Burke's Tbo Ghost; J. Collie's The Bell beat J. Hiikins's Gipsy Qacen ; G. Scott's Scott's Advance Australia beat R. W, Griffin's Little Mab ; A. E. Bartl-y's Wilga boat T. Peel's wco Miok ; T. Peel's Misty beat A. E. T. Bartley's Gnillardiii. First ties.— Overdraft boat Lnvundnle ; lolintbe beat Dreamland ; The B 11 beat Advance Anriralia; Misty Morn beat Wilga. Second Ties.— Tbo R<ll beat Overdraft ; Misty Morn beat It, 1 rathe. Final.— Misty Morn beat The B.-1I and won tbo stake. Fauukiis Pat tub Pirxs.— The rc- voUtions coming from the tariff inquiries in M-dbrurno aro awakening tho farmers all over Australia to the f«ot that tbey aro the beasts of burtheo who carry tha swag of the cltv monopolisllc proteclfonixt. And as the Victorian farmers are going for coa- ceuions, to the formers of Now 8.rath Wales will have to demand their quid pro quo, bursting up tho wholo business. Every where tho farmers by reason of low prices fiudiog that thoy really can get no pro tection. In most places tho local market Is inoro than fully supplied, and tho fsrraor finds that having a surplus which must be hstiicht. nt n flunrn In aiiaw of a mnflfc in the ouleldo market, tho prices raliog in the outfide market rulo tho prices in tho in side or local market. All tho protected wheatgrowors of Australia find that the prices in tbeir respective local markets, are ruled by the prices of wheat in London. But the unfortunate farmer does not find that all the articles be requires for his home or his family, or for the tilling of his farm aro regulated by outsido prices. No, the machinery manufacturer makes tho farmer pay extra for all be requires, Assassination or Pjucsidxnt Cabnot.— Lait Sunday night, whilst proceeding to the theatre, at Lyons, tbo President of the Frenoh Republio was stabbed by an Italian Anarchist namod Santo Ironlni, a working baker. The President, whose Carriage was surrounded by an enthusiasts crowd, bad just ordered his esoort to fall to the roar eo as to allow " these good people" to shake hands with bira, when the assassin Santo advanced towards him. President Carnot smilingly htretohed out his band to tbo new-comer, who gripped it with bis left hand. At the same moment with his right hand hs stabbed the President, driving hie Catalan dagger up to the hilt in M. Ccrnot's body. The unfortunate statesman llogered some throe hours in terrible agony otter tho perpetration of the deed. The body was Uken to Paris at night to avoid the excitement of the people and Is now lying io 8tate. Tbeuffalrnas caused a wave of horror ta sweep over the whole olvllizid world, and messages of oondolenos and sympathy from all the Powers have been received by the relatives of the murdered President and the Chamber of Deputies. The ass'ssin declined to cuter Into any explanation of bis reasons for committing the deed. Messrs. Dupuy, (the .present Premier), -Castmir Perior (President of thu Chamber of Deputies), Ohillemel L&oour; (President of the Senate), Brlssou . and Coustans are oanaiaates lorcaerroBiaenoy. impobtant to PasbtOANS.— At tbe Corowa Licensing Conrt, on Taesdaylisr, an application was made by JobnDonkio, of Mat ray Hut, for& conditional pnhiioan'a lioenss for a hotel to be ereotnd at Tocnm- wall, and to ho known as the Murray Bridge Hotel, before Messrs. W. H. Lang (ictiog official member) aud H. Hay (mem ber). S.Ijb R. Nioolson.for applicant, .and G. H. Pyka (Instructed by Trosk & Whitty) for various objectors. Mr. Pyke ob/eoted to the application on tbe gmuod that under a recent deolsion of, the Fall Court tbo prabtioo hitherto obtaining of merely lodg- log. plans and specifications with apullca- .tiourhad been; held, to' bo wrong, ana that under snob d-iolslon if became necessary ! whoo applying for a conditional license t> give all the notioesand insert tbe advertise ment required ia case of on ordinany pub Bonn's fioense. Mr. Nicolson atiftod io raply that, although Mr. Oliver's opinion and the previous settled practice were that the notices and advertisomontfl were not neoessiry, yet bo hnd never M-. satisfied upon tho point, and acoordihgly alwAjs gave the notices and advertlspd; nnd it it hnd sutnally been done in thin icttinc, except that ae the building, was not net iredcⅈ was impossible to "affix a notice on thu outer side or froLt of ihe principal entrance door." Mr. Pyko oohtundud that u board or pABb should have heon put up on tho ground and a notice affixed to it, and coat td<# raiiuro to ao so vtuacea nno appli cation. Mr. Niool'on, in reply, read the text of tho deolsion of Mr. Justiuo Inncs in tho caio referred to, und ooutondeil thut His Honour distinctly avoided giving n definlto dfciiiion on this point. Th» opinion was certainly pxprtssod in the decision tlint tha prevailing praoilos was wr ing, but, while It might bo held to decide that in Inturo the requirements of tho not in tbo case of an applioition for un ordinary pub. Horn's lioonse would bnvo .to bo obabrvad, so far no practicable under tbo alterM cir- camBtanocs, In applying for a condition il license, yet such deolilon did not go so far as to say that it was neooisiry to put up a notios on the land in lieu of tho ono re quired to bo affixed to the door of tbo promises In ordinary casts. Tho Bench retired, and upon their return unaouuo d that tbey considered that the law bad been compiled with, und the case should proceed. Mr. Pyke asked that a note of bis nujactl m should bo taken upou tho application, which was donr. Tbo hearing of thonp- plie-iUon was tnon prooaeded with, and upon reading tho potitiun put In by tho applicant, signed by 130 residents of Tocnm- wal nod the surrounding dlstriotH, also tlt» oonnter-potitlon signed and put io by 14 objectors ; and upon hearing tbo urgnmente of Mr. Pyko for tho objectors anil Mr. Nicolson for tho applicant, tho Benoh, after a short rotiremeut, stated that tbey had daalded t> grant tbo applioatlon, aod fa - iher desired to etato thut they considered that an hotel in tho pirtlcalar locality was dooidu-ily needed.— Thero la no .doubt th/it whatever may bs the law us to notieo of conditional application, it will bo wlso for (ill futuro npplioanls to fulfil every possible requirement of the Lioensiog Aoly, 