RELIGION IN STATE SCHOOLS. The triennial election for the London School Board was of more importance this year than it usually is. An angry and embittered controversy had been proceeding for several months on the subject of religious teaching in schools under the board, and by reports of public meetings, and by leading articles and letters, the newspapers have given abundant proof of the watch ful anxiety with which the matter is regarded. The election expresses the popular view on the challenge to the supporters of the existing system thrown down by the majority of the late board. The Education Act of 1870, it may be etated, allows religious instruction to be given where the greater number of the ratepayers so desire, provided that no catechism or formulary be used, while for the minority there is the well-known conscience clause. That Act was till recently administered in London upon the terms of an arrangement made by the board in 1871, which was proposed by the late Mr. W. H. Smith, seconded by the late Mr. Samuel Morley, and supported by Professor Huxley. Under this arrange ment the quality of the religious in&truotion; to be imparted was left to the discretion of the teachers themselves ; but the late board, on the plea that the arrangement was not pro perly interpreted, and that teachers with secularist or aynostio tendencies had con trived to insinuate a good deal of in struction which, from the Chiistian stand point, was erroneous, so far amended the old arrangement as to insert the word "Christian" in its syllabus. The Church of England party elated by this success went still farther, and in a circular to teachers directed that in giving lessons from the Bible they should enforce and elucidate the principles of the Christian religion, including "a be lief in God the Father as our creator, in God the Son as our redeemer, and in God the Holy Ghost as our eanctafier," and added that they could not approve of any teaching which denied " either the Divine or the human nature of the Lord Jesus Christ," or which left on the minds of the children " any other impression than that they are bound to trust and serve him as their God and Lord." Dissentient minorities, it should be added, were to be protected by the conscience clause, and teachers who objected to im part Bible instruction in the spirit of the circular were promised ex emption from any coercion or restraint. The lesson would be imparted by others and they themselves would not be pre judiced in their position under the board. The circular was instantly and warmly resented by the Nonconformist bodies as an attempt to give a denominational color to the Bible lesson. What the circular proposed in substance was that the doc trines of the Incarnation and the Trinity should be distinctly taught. A number of leading ministers signed a protest against tbe teaching ot any definite form of religious belief in the elemen tary schools, and a plea was urged on behalf of those who "have no confession of faith," and who, "fre quenting no church," were satisfied to find -a thought of God in the thing that is true, and a will of God in the thing that is right." Churchmen themselves were not agreed as to the wi?dom of the <*itv?nlaf The Archdeacon of London declared it indefensible, and bis bishop. Dr. Temple, expresseda fearlestanystrong action upon the subject by Churchmen should raise the demand for total secu larisation. The Archbishop of Canter bury, while favoring the circular, weakened the case of its promoters by the admission that the Christian religion was already very well taught in Board Schools, and that he had "heard Board School teachers called. tbe evangelists of some huge districts." The Edinburgh Review condemned the "form and issue of tbe circular" as "lamentably unwise." The Board Teachers' Association at an enthusiastic meeting unanimously adopted a memorial to the board stating their desire toadhere to the system of religious instruction, which bad worked well for 23 yean, and «nt-ing that the circular which ordered them to change it should be withdrawn. There was not only no desire on the part of these teachera to escape from the duty of giving reli gious instruction, but every wish to continue it. They regarded the work of giving the Bible lessons as a privilege. They had carried it out, they said, with a sincere desire to influence tbe characters of the children " without giving offence to the religious convictions of the parents." The circular against which they protested ordered them to insist on certain doc trinal statements with which many of the parents might disagree; and the teacher* expressedafear that the circular wooldopen an era of controversy and disturbance. The attitude of the teachers, as the Edinburgh Beriew suggested, would have created insuperable in the way of carrying out the policy of die late board, supposing it had been con firmed by the ratepayers. As a matter of fact the straggle has ended in the defeat of the adherents of the innovation, and the result must be. the speedy withdrawal of the circular by the new board. Through its promulgation the Progressives, who opposed it, have increased their numbers bom 19 to 26 and the Moderates—not all of whom had supported the circular—have had their majority reduced from 34 to 29; whilst a still better index to popular feeling is 6hown by the circumstance that the Pro gressives polled in the aggregate 135,000 votes more than the Moderates. The triumph of the Progressives is of course not to be regarded as indicating approval of a purely secular education, such as we have in this colony. Host Nonconformist parents in England agree apparently with Churchmen in desiring that there should be religious instruction in Board Schools, but they desire that it should be limited, as the " compromise of 1871" proposed, to readings from the Bible, with short explanatory comments by the teacher. The teaching of iwfHMflrW'*Ti religion, though denounced by Mr. Athelstan Biley, the chief promoter of the circular, as " preposterous humbug," has stood a trial of 23 years, and the electors have evidently no wish to see it replaced by anything in the nature of denominational teaching* 