— ? — z — — r— A Paralysed Pa wu broker,, One of the cnriositieB of Melbourne (says an exchange)' is an insolvent money- lender. Less than 12 moiilhB ago his adver-tiseinqnt glared out conspicuously in aH the papers, stating that be was prepared to lend any sum from £5 to £5000 without security, promptly, with the utmost secrecy, and at lowest current rates, repayment at any time yon liked. Also be wouid bay op your interest under yonr aunt's will, or purchase your annuity, and advance money on a bill with two good names on the back, or take over your reversionary interest or be a father to you with out any extra charge, or if money bad been left to you he would fix up an arrangement whereby yon could have a sudden and immediate bust, and then the money would be left to him iu- stead. Then his advertisement disappeared, aud he took to leaning againBt lamp-posts in a ragged and pensive state, and lent £5 to £5000 no longer. It is rumored that he got hard-np through some temporary extravagance, and bor rowed money for himself on a bill. Then he couldu't pay when it fell -due and he called at his owu office, and renewed the document at a steep percentage, and when the second bill be came payable there was a painful scene between him and himself, and he had to give a mortgage ou all his property, and the interest fell into arrears, and there were no more bills, and in a moment of indignation he called himself a skin fliht.aiid a money grabber, and then he rnshed at himself and threw himself outof the office, and lie sued himself for libel, and had to . pay damages, and . after that, he brought a counter charge of assault against himself, and finally he sold :himsef tip and the proceeds went in law expenses. . And : now his premises are closed, and the man who wants to blow out bis an nuity knocks in vain at the door, and- arouses only a hollow echo, like the ghost of a lost mort gage ; and the elderly maiden lady who sleeps on: the floor- because her furniture has ail been i soized under a bill of sale, comes to weep at the keyhole and call down judgments on his head no longer ; and even the elderly man with the bald head, who rashly went " she-ourity " for a friend, has abandoned the place, and all is emptiness. 