A Trip from Queensla:ld to Europe and Back. A FEW EXTRACTS FROM MY DIARY. [Br B. W. Ln GoIDn.] No. 11. April 24.-A cold, bazy monig. We are tin*g at anchor aboat two mile off Port Adelaide. Small steamers ply to and fro every hour. Sea galls are very plentiful here. A mal.boat ame alongside laden with grapes. . have never seenD Bc large bunohe of grapo before. They ran from Sib. to ib, weight eah. 1t6y are nmuoste. bseatiflly ripe, and are being sold for 3d. perlb. on board and'ld, per :b. oa shore. While reeting ina omebody'f desk.ohibr (for mine u been thrown overboard -ith three others beeause they were total wreaok) I had a very plenaant chat with a lady -bo was n artist, and had been a governess to rincess Fredertioa at Oeborn, Isle of Wight. She apoke German, English, French, and Italia. Her husband wa a Welshman; they -wre a kid aadbappy cunple. April 2.-In Porl Adelaide; tea rough. Ashkam launch brought a desk-lall of ingos et allver in the shape of brioak, but much .(aar; their value is 30,000. Later -ome spawr steamer loaded with fruit, and thoo ads of oeses are pasing down into the re. rigeratieg-room. Manypassengers have gone asbore tj spend the day, and some have had a iiod drenohing with ea -watr. Another .,team.boat an oar tarbord side loaded with fruit and fih of all kinds, from 81b. to 161b. -eight esob, for the hip's use. Several of u eieunslauders and Indlae are complaining of t-e cold eating southerly wind. More pu. ,mngern ame on board an the S6th bound for aondon. At last came two mail boate laden with reks fall of letters, whioh were reoeved an board. The Aroadia teamed off immeli -tly after the last bg was pot on board at -2,30, the mals being thirty mloatet late, Sro it and jib were set to prevent her from :Zlin. 'In the evening she pitobed heavily, snd t~b ew arrivals on toud duly fed the ihbt. The organist accompanIed my fiats withb the pino--" Oh, Nany, Wilt Thou Gang wi' Me;" It was well reoeived by the Bootoh. We saw no trees on K garoo Island and no 'easltivation. April 27,-Blowig hard. We are tearig long sixteen knotiain hour, having more mlls et. Agrey sky add no sun seen to-day. I have been giving a New Zlatander who in going to viit Franos a lesson in Frenoh oat of "H ammel' Exeroess"' Now I am lying in my bank beosioe I m cold and as mserable _a; bandioobt Another Qaeonlander has Jaut come down to bi ocbin on aeount of the .itter old ilnd, and be in quite a young man. Never miudd,«y friend, we will have it , tot enough -ikmd-bye. Apri - jfght LInd in sight-rugged ud ate of tis. Wind from the south cold agaio, C.niS into Albany Harbour at 8 a.m. Quarantinelig flying on hbore an soioont of maoll- por-befig there. No one allowed on sore except those leaving for good. The Itltle town looks very pretty--lke an ampbhl heatse. It is here the andle and jarra woods .re ot and exported. A good few pasnegee -n leaving bere for Morohison-the new gold . --near Freemeantle. I .made another '4ep elo as follows --A gentleman in the ciorl srrioe in Queenalnd bh been granted six mouthb' leave of absence. Hi services being regnlred, the date of hit departure has been withheld. I knew that he wisbed to ,Ljoy the eummer in England, and was desiros of leaving Brisbane a early a possible, and being welt aware tht it wold be a breach of diheiliee for him to sk when he might go, I ad a habppy hbought, sad cabled from Albany to'the Portmuter-General in QOasenland as follows?-' Allow Mr. - to start .t oano. Important. From B. W. La Grand, J.P.' Passengere for this port have left, and Sthe fmigoted mails have been shipped on bord, After firing off two cannoun at 12 30 p.m., ealamed away through thh large and eU.thbltered hatboar. Outside it blew cold, andit rained. Apil S0-Faewell Australia. We paseed Caps Leuwio last night. Olody sky, blowing had, a heavy oea on, and rolling heavily. BaalhWllagina eqlls. Apeop ofthe an or twent minutes. Now we have a ball-torm, Snawdt ldies have rushed into our smoking. roomfoli slter. Thirty-five passeoger aiolk belop. This has been a tiring day mealt were taken under dificulties, and the orookery was broken. '.May 1-D ourse north-west. Cloudy, blow. 'Ig ana rolling. The tuxarles we have on Uoard the Aroadia will spoll ue altogether. After breakfast the wind changed to north. west and milder, sea going down. For the strt time for several days Ibhae been able to come on deck without my great ioat. The sun is abining now and Iam able to walk the. deok with oare. We are now n the same lati. nude as Brisbane, and the tharmome'er Is 75V- ab, In the evening welad onoo rt, ex lle? t a uging, solos, and duets. I played the Sl?e and Mt.M-- accompanied me. Had \- smoke and turned in. May S-A beautiful summer morning, uan e-inig bright and a mild breeze blowing. -The laies are having a game of oricket; gentlemen are playing quoits. To supply bth amusements in an orderly manner we formeda committee to organise concerts, sports, and liteiature. We have two prima donnas (pro. fe~sionals) from Melboaure. They were preo tioiag together this afternoon. It was a great treat to hear them sing and play on the piano. Mtays8.-Oar Qaeeonland son ha risen, and is esining here this morning. It ti warm, bat .Sol i a welcome visitor. The whole ship is sow covered with an awning, and wlndsaile to svery hatchway. There is a tropical summer all at onco. The pnokahb are rigged, and all officers are wearing white pants, the ladies and gentlemen beiog also In light clothing. Pankahs work daring mealt for the flit time, and make the temperature very agreeable. Thisdevice is really neoessary where 100 sit down together to dioe. May 4-Getting warmer. Some are already oomp!ainieg of the heat. I could do without smy coat. I hats fashion, but, when you are in Trrkey, ton must do as the Turks do. SGreat ppreprtloni are being made for the eon. ,.oearlMy psrt r i" A TeO Care," by Bellil. The piano wae brought up on deok, but it s~ben to rain. and the concert was postponed. MSy 5-Very warm. All passengers in health rise early. I have lost that l1rguid feeling from which I suffered, and am glad to rile and take a walk before breakfast. We had all kiodsof sport during the day. The ladies race-holding an egg in a teaspoon, twioe round thedrck-cansed mnuch merriment, espoolally when they turned the oornere end dropped the eggs. The tag.of.war wee heartily responded to. In the evening we had a free. ana.eaey and grand music and singing and dsnoingc . May -In thbo evening we had some tab. oavz viuanih, imitation waxworks, "Do-the bo's B Hll," "The Dirty Boy," &e.;, which were very well" executed, after which more danoing was indulged in by moonlight. May 7'-Beantiful morning. Sunday the general routine is at 6 a.m, to have tea or coffee en rg!.ige. Everybody is travelling everywhere with his or her pillow and rag. Being at the lquator, it is pretty hot at night and our banko are deserted. Then there i a rush to the baths and Iavatorise,where there is eplendid aocommodation for all. The next thing is to droess end to take our morning exer cise until the brealfaot bell rings. We mus tered about 1i0 at church service in the saloon. Good old oaitable hymns for a voyage on the sea were song with beast and soul. The Rov. S-- preached a very appropriate sermon. and the Rev. N-- read the pray ar,. Doring the afternoon some hymns were tbaotifull loung on deck with piano aooom oaniment. There o asan evening service on deck, nd extra oleotric lamps were provided. A saored conoert was afterwards given by th gircfesionale, the deck being crowded. May 8 -Crossed the line lalt night, te. calm The old syntem of eavOing those pNrsona who had not crossed the Equator before has Iuog s.oe been abasidoned. The new system Is t1o show the liane turough a teltesups torn new obum by holding a thread acrnoss th might.I Ilany are busy writingle tterl.. May 9--Sighte~d P..snt do Gdlls. Oar oe14 friend, she slte Mr. B. II. V,, wes bore on tkh s flooad of Ceylon. At 1 p.m. we tame' insietd the breakwater of Colonlbo, and 1were soon' eurreaoded by Cingaolees in hundredseon-so in eaJy?pma+rlenl end come en two palm logo, tied kore~her eIg?t~ooood nut hrel r'opes, psopelled meio'0ie flct'pieoe of wood flit, long. All ?r ohntterlsl? like monkeys, eos.m climbingt onr vessel and dicisig Irons a heighe of-"4015. Into the aea alter a three~penny piese thrown into tloe waler, whiot they never faile,! to isoore. Othese offered all kinds of thiugel-hblketr, mate,1 d?o.-for iafe. Thers is a perfeot babel of tougnese; It is desfenlng-'? I di, I di," mean~ing" " will dive." Bargese ot a pneuliar build, losand with ooal is eanke, propeiled with long oars by these eased blacks, brinag the shlop'e furl. May 10--Now the beet thing t.o do is to olear-for the shoure and lears behind the blacke and their onaliegl busines. To leek at Oclmmroe from the breakwater on a ins ornfring I. an nenosal eight the harbour lasovered with little boats, and satamarauo and flee eteausar are mOOred is a row. The entoil, palm Creel tewering over the nodniat. lg ground dotted with ol~oured housest and ens nigh tower at the dietenus snake a charm. lag picture. Off we go to Ijotomlo in a seame Itunoh-- ohargloe, ensrpee fur' three of us. T.bttes •alenl thu eighbts 1' hare seen before- streete, hOnllle, and people ;amlemis, unmdoos, I-dahomadana, Buddhists, and naked children an hundreds. The sosteiNe are ver, varied, M-- eet of the inhabitansnl are barufmoled to begin with, boerebaeked, aed lightly osld, - There atee Cingabese mes with oomee in their hair, and w.omen partiy dreesed in white-alt suifured; peopts.m The eoons eurpaeeeuM all description. 'Peok a doles in a gtmrsckshaW5 drawn by a Clegaeleen In the sha-fter to se the country, "the Bnddhetsl Temple. Cinnamon Gardene, and the markets, It looked as ,f the people all head on norry, rinse, fish, and0 Cruli of vaticos kindc--ma~goee, pine. applee, tsananas bresdfr-it, jackiroit, guava, and cocoanuot, We are fairly aursoundid hr haswker. o uling jeweilery tad fueno gioods ef e-veryt description. Toe Rlindoo temples look pret-aty with their tuh~efolly laid out gardens ?rouud them e~o~oled with a very low pans. .esled4 wall oloured blank and whit~e. 'lbs Ciug~alese houses are meetly rudelyr built of m-ed end overeod wilh palm leaves on lamboo rafter.. They areo poor crowded hoelei. The siaon here bare a bump on their shoulder. and are very small, but very tractable sad work we.ll, looms are shod and trot? well in harness. All thee. people, mixed up a- the3, are, are v-ery genle, Lw ent en shore agalin wish Mr. tD.; who brougtht his camera with him ie a catalmaran, in whish there is just room foe two and no more, It is [tin, wide asd 8010. begb with .a palm lug for an outrigger. W~hen loe salt ie blotleed the craft hieseu through thse water, and We aie soon on ghost. T~ooks a gide, and made for ths salde under the 'palm-,ree avenues and rOund'to the main etrees, where the different work 8snop are., Before inepeohing we went into a kiosque and: ha'd a glass of fanok distilleod from giue and coeoonoute, Grindingl vies here is a very primilive operation. T?wo men work a long lever up) and down with their feet..IAt the sun, of t he lever ilea lump of iron, whioh falls into atBotls basin made of very hard stone, firedI ",ito the grouned in the middle of t.he room, A nother monsite 00 the floor aind puts the rite In. [t ie very warm in Colomte, and Jlois us wondfer thalt the people go about half-naked. Wmomen squat In the son Iaara-headed, mealing lace. "' Baslam," theyr soy when pen wish them" Good day," and emiss, All are graoe. fat and gentle on their movemeete. Littlie chi~ldren look me by the hand, then stroked my feet+ aud called me "Papa.'+ Then text; we met a juggler at his hIclks. Cot of hi. bheket he broogesi a live ob~raesnake ab_-out 7ft. long. Th"en he charmed It with a nativre mesleal inatruisent, anJ the horrible re?ptilereee uupButtoned Its neok, and reenatued motmooleles Ior some lime. only putttoug it. tongue ant. My friend, Mr. D--, photo. g-raphed the lot. Passngil the Salvation Army carutohe, I stoo1 in fr0ont of a team of olnso and my friend took aanep.shent with his easera, The cultlvation of tea le itorouinlu, and eo is the. popelaluln, whioh number. now 110,500. The atives barber'. shop here lIs, to say the Ileat a noveltyr. Thblebokfehlow to heohaved aquilte on the earth or brink floor of the shop, w~h ich la aopen froutfioeb with the rood wito ou--t pavement1. The native barber, elatin~g on lola heesi beside him, soraprea way with a spilt rednetil the mans' whole head i+ s anrbare a eann_-on hall. 