AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal will be reopened for a short season to-morrow night, when the famous wirewalker and aerial gymnast, "Caicedo," will make his last appearance in Australia prior to his departure for Paris and St. Petersburg. " Caicedo's" performance will be preceded by the production of the well known drama, "Robert Macaire," in which Mr. Wybert Reeve, Mr. W. B. Warner, and others will appear, and the performance will conclude with a musical extravaganza, "Under the Gaspipe," in which Mr. W. B. Warner will appear in an olio of character songs. The Georgie Smithson Variety Company will open at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday next. The. company includes Miss Georgie Smithson, the " female Maeeabe," Miss Louie Byron, Miss Minnia Webster, a premier danBeuse, and Messrs. Sydney Reaae and Shepherd. The new production of "The Sentry" at the Cyclorama baa proved more successful than its predecessor, the ghost of Napoleon. "The Sentry" is really a little play without words, and has nightly been greeted with well merited applause. The setting is very pretty, and the camp fire is a riddle' to many visitors. The Cyolorama certainly provides plenty of entertainment for its patrons. A very successful concert was given in the Chalmers Church schoolroom on Friday even ing in aid of the band of hope, when Dr. Paton presided over a large attendance. Songs were contributed by the Misses A. Robertson, B. Mathesou, Smith, and Watson, and Messrs. G/Wright, E. Weller, Rad ford, and ,J. C. Eraser. The quartets "Secluded midst the hawthorn glade" and "Strange adventure" were nicely sung by, the Misses Smith and Ingham, and Messrs. Drawer and Radford, the first named having to be repeated. The instrumental music in cluded a pianoforte solo by Miss A. Beeton, a trio by the Misses Beeton, Macdonald, and Dnncan, and a dulcimer solo by Mr. J. Le Sage. Recitations were given by Miss Cater, and Messrs. P. Nioholls and C. Beeton. A vote of tbankB to the performers brought an enjoyable.^vening to a close. 