THE RED SPECTRE AND THE W EMPEROR. "Tell him that the Red Man is wait ing for an audience." b "Him " was Napoleon the Great; the i command was addressed to Count de Mold, the Emperor's counsellor; and the yro speaker was the Red Spectre, whose aid mission it was to watch over the desti nies of the Little Corporal. she The Spectre, fantastically dressed in fe Red trousers, blouse, and cap, was told the that his Majesty was busy and must on itt no consideration be interrupted. tri The only answer that the apparition the deigned to return to this message was is that he must see Napoleon-must see ba him alone, and at once. fo Still the Emperor refused point blank cIc to grant this importunate being an inter- w view. "But I must see him," he persisted. ei "Tell him the Red Man is waiting for an audience." Trembling and awestruck at the im- br perious tone of the Phantom, Count de Mole again went on tiptoe to the royal Jo room and delivered the mysterious mes- pl sage. se It is said when Napoleon heard this w, message he became a spectacle pitiable to behold. he The Man of Iron grew ghastly white, he and his arms dropped at his side like el lead ; but though he was completely un- f nerved, he managed to give orders for hi the admission of the unwelcome guest. hi Then there ensued one of the most ex traordinary conversations that ever were held. Count de Mole, whose curiosity had been raised to the highest pitch, played i the eavesdropper, and overheard the greater part, if not all of the remarkable dialogue. " General," said the Re. Spectre, "This T is the third time I have appeared before a you as a man. The first time we met w was in Egypt, at the Battle of the Pyra- p I mids; the second, after the Battle of is SWagram. a] f "When we met at Wagram, I granted ti you four more years in which to com- V e plete the conquest of all Europe or to Q make a general peace, threatening that if you did not perform one of these two things within the allotted time I would Y withdraw my protection from you. r "Now, I come for the third and last time to warn you that you have but three short months of power. In three months it from this hour the Allies will be invad ing Paris if you do not take my advice f, ; and sue for peace. A general peace a must be perfected within ninety days, li r else your sway will be limited to a small U bleak island of the sea. Remember, all n a will be over with you if you do not d achieve a conquest or accede to peace t d within that time." d Napoleon then endeavoured, with a t degree of superstition that is well nigh incredible in such a man-and yet not e altogether strange either when one comes to think of it-to reason with the Phan 1e tom and to extort easier terms. He r pleaded that it was impossible for him to 'd make an honourable peace in three short months. i3 "Do as you please," returned the Red Man, "but I will not change my resolu- I ts tion. Now I go," he said, as he opened in the door and strode down the hall, fol- I ! lowed by the Emperor and Mold, who i bo pretended to have been standing on 1 iY guard at the second door from the room ur in which the conversation had been held. er His imperial Majesty begged of the Red 2y Man to stay, but all to no purpose. S "Three months-no longer," shouted le the Spectre as he disappeared at the end of the ball. Just three months to a day from the time of the Red Ghost's warning, the Al. lies entered Paris (March, 31, 1814), and 3\. Napoleon abdicated four days after wards. He was allowed to retain the title of Emperor, but the sole sovereignty ut he exercised was over the tiny island of Elba, which was the little bleak isle of the sea that had been held up to his ne mind's eye by the Red Man in the pro phetic talk of the preceding New Year's ht Day. h. It is but fair to add that the official 'er documents upon which the account of ad the Red Spectre's interview with Na in poleon is based were signed by the Count de Mold and the guard. 1g, The former, it will be remembered, gs overheard the conversation; the latter er attempted in vain to stop the Ghost when "" he demanded admission. Moreover, it is said that the story had been one of the traditions of the French Court ever since ive the singular visit took place. Still, the whole tale wears a very suspicious look, re- and it is given here with all reserve. We think our o1 frineid Mr. Burchell, of d "The Vicar of Wakefield," would have he uttered many a Fudge! could he have read the statement of the Count de t Mold. It is notorious that Napoleon was cre he dulous. He had a firm belief in his star 'if of destiny; and General Rapp has re le corded an instance of the " Corsican Up [on start's" behaviour while under the influ he ence of this curious spell. Rapp, whose brilliant defence of Dan zig was at the time the them- of uniypr sal animation, once suddenly called on Napoleon and walked into the latter's DS room wholly unannounced. The Emperor sat by the window per fectly still, gazing intently upon the , heavens. Noticing his presence had not , been observed, Rapppushed a chair with noise enough to attract Napoleon's at Stertiop. Yet the latter made no sign, and seemed utterly oblivious of every. g thing. the Perceiving this, Rapp rushed to the the side of the Emperor, fearing that he had the fallen into a stupor, when the latter, 2n- without taking his eyes from the hu eavens for an instant, seized Rapp by ub, the arm, and exclaimed in a loud tone of lws V~Oice ed, "Look there; up there." nd "I see nothing but the pale, twinkling be- stars," returned Rapp, quietly. " "What," exclaimed the Emperor, ex Scitedly; "is it possible that you do not Ssee my star; the fiery red one, almost as nd large as the moon? It is before you el pow, and oh, how brilliant." S Then, warming at the sight, he fairly en shrieked as he cried opt, to "It has never abandoned me for a irs single instant; I see it on all great occa ud sions; it commands me to go foward; it he is my sign of good fortune, and where it uw leads I will follow." en Rapp said that he really screamed as )n he uttered the words "I will follow," and is that his face was livid as heseated him ly Jelfin confusion and suppressed excite. im nert. im Several minutes elapsed before the te Emperor was calm enough to take part l in ordinary conversation. i Cassells Sa/urday Journal. he "You should never take anything ire that doesn't agree with you," the phy. Ith sician told him. If I d always followed by that rule, Maria,~" he remarked to his ler wife, "where would you be ?" nd An explorer declares that nothing can !, equal the ignorance of the people of Northern Syria, S Spectator--" Why, the centre-felder is ly singing while running."' tozkholder he "Yes, that's a trick of his." Spectator be "What's he singing? ' Stockholder " Mter the ball." Y' Mamma-i' W4h6i tLat boy threw stones g at you why didn't youn come Mid tell me, ed instesd of throwing them back P' Little !s Son--' Tell you I Why, you couldn't hit a n barn door." S " I told you to go to the devil with thbt y bill," exclaimed the angry editor. "And .I w-nt," said the cool collector. "but the 'devil' said you were owing him, too." Lift'e stocks ef water, II mixed with poper sand, at And obted on the mhrket, ntle rnt oft eeomauid, 