: T. It,DMAS ROMAN ■ CA TtlOLIC cnu'r'ni,' uuNfiA'. The Very Uev. Prior .wuriay, U.S.A., opened a Mission st Si- Thomas' Church,- Huutly, Thursday night, 16th inst. The church was filled to the doors, and amongst the congrega tion were several members of other denomina tions. An efficient choir rendered the inusicul portion of the service each evening in a very satisfactory manner, and those who took a chief part iu the musical arrangements were Mes dames J. Reilly, Murphy, Summers, N. Aldrige and N. Banner. ' Mr. Thomas ably presided at the organ. From the first, there Wiis not want ing ample evidence that the mission would prove a great success, and such it proved to be. The church was filled twice each day by large and attentive congregations who literally hung on the eloquent pleading of the Prior, a3 in burning words, ho exhorted his hearers to attend to the " one thing necessary," the salvation of their immortal souls. The Rev. James O'Carrbll, the pastor of the district, celebrated mass each morning at 10 a.m. and a special instruction for the children was given by Prior Murray imme diately after • mass. An idea may be formed of the phenomenal success attending the labors of the missionary, when it is said that there was scarcely one of .the congregation who did not comply with the requisite conditions for gaining the plenary indulgence of the mission. On Sunday, Prior Murray celebrated mass at S.30 a.m., when every member of the packed congregation received Holy Communion. At 10 a.m. Father O'Carroll said second mass, and administered Holy Communion to a good num ber of persons of both sexes. The missionary then delivered an eloquent sermon on charity, and impressed on hia hearers the absolute neces sity of thia. virtue, if they wished to please God and secure eternal salvation. At 11a.m., his Lordship, the most Rev. Dr. S. Keville, O.S.A., Lord Coadjutor Bishop of the diocese arrived, accompanied by Dr. Leo Kenny, Knight of St. Gregory the Great, etc., etc. (of Mel bourne). His Lordship received a warm welcome from the large congregation massed within the sacred edifice. The object of the Bishop's visit was to administer the holy sacrament of con firmation, for the reception of which the children. had " been carefully prepared by Prior Murray and Father O'Carroll. Dr. Revillo examined the candidates for confirmation at considerable length, and "then proceeded with the administration of the sacra ment. His Lordship, attired in full pontificals, and attended by the clergy, then ascended the altar and addressed the congregation as follow :—My dear brethren, 1 am very pleased : to hear from the good fathers who have been conducting the mission', that you have responded with an earnestness worthy of all praise, they have labored for your spiritual welfare late arid early, but they have beeii more thou compen .sated by the manner in which you have at tended-to the duties of the mission that will be solemnly closed this evening. The great majority of the congregation have received the holy sacraments of Penance and the Eucharist, and I trust thore will not be one who shall not have fulfilled his duty in this respect before the mission conies to a close. ■ It was a pleasure to hear the good account the Rev. Father Carroll and Dr. Murray had to give of t.he people of Huutly. As Catholics, my dear brethren, you hive important duties - to fulfil, such as the duty of .morning and night prayer, the fre qnentation of the sacremeuts at stated times, and the regular attendance at mass once a month which is the time it is cele brated in the church of St. Thomas. Fathers and mothers should exreciaa the greatest possible care in the education and in struction of thoi-o committed by Almighty God to their care. God \vill demand a strict account of parents for the manner in which they shall hare complied with this.theirbounden obligation; It was a source of delight to learn thut a catechism class was about to be formed, and the firs*...Sunday school claBS would begin on Sunday nest, at 3 o'clock, when a number of teachers would be present to undertake the duty of featihihg. the children, and here in Huntly, there were some excellent Christian men and women, who appeared to take a delight in imparting religious' instruction to Catholic youth, and this generous disposition on their part would be richly rewarded by Almighty God. Now it is my privilege to administer the sacrament of confirmation to rhosb pre pared for its reception. It is a sacrament in stituted to give strength and courage to meet the dangers and difficulties that beset the path nf those who seek to please God by their good live3. The Holy Ghost would pour "out on them His sevenfold gifts and graces, and it would be well for all to pray frequently to tha-, Holy Spirit for grace and strength to walk faithfully in the way of God. Dr. Leo Kenny, K.G G., acted as sponsor for the boys, and Mr. J. O'Mahony ior the men, I and Misa Zoe Halpin performed a similar duty I for the girls. After the sacred function, his | Lordship said : My dear children, I feel sure you are all very thankful to God for the grace of receiving the sacrament of confirmation. You should resolve to-day to be good Catholics and faithful to all the dutie3 of your holy religion. Children should show entire obedience to their parents, and always treat them with the greatest respect. If they persevered in these duties, God would pour out His choicest favors upon them, and they would be come a credit to the church and useful members of society. The bishop then imparted his blessing to the congregation, and the imposing ceremonial was brought to a conclusion. In the evening the church was crowded to the doors, many being unable to gain admission. At 7 p..n. Prior Murray recited the rosary of the blessed Virgin Mary, and then proceeded to enrol 40 members in the League of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. This proved a very impressive scene, as the newly- enrolled members recited the form of consecration in a loud voice. At the finish of the ceremony of reception, the final sermon of the mission was preached. Prior Murray chose for his text the following words of Holy Scripture: " Be thou faithful unto death and 1 will give thee the crown of life." In a characteristically powerful and eloquent sermon of an hour's duration, the preacher rivetted the attention of his hearers as he un folded in refined word painting the exceeding great reward that God will bestow on those . who observe faithfully until death His Divine law. Many weto moved to tears, and all must have felt htronger, to meet the trials and diffi culties of life, and encouraged to do manfully what they had almost resolved on not doing. Prior Murray, at tbe end of a brilliant peroration, eaid he had a pleasing duty to perform, and that was to express his lively thanks to Mr. and Mr». O Jliihony for thoir very great kindness to bim and Father Carroll during the past few days. Indeed, the kind hospitality of Mr. O'Ma'hony would not easily be forgotten by him (Prior Murray). To the choir, and especially the organist, his best thanks were due, and God would reward them for the help they had given in the exercises of the mission. In conclusion he asked the people to say a prayer for the missionary sometimes and he would perform a like duty of charity for them. On Monday mass was said at 8.30 a.m., when there was quite a large congregation, and those who, till then, failed to comply with the duty of the mission, happily came up at the eleventh hour, to the no little satisfaction of the mis sionary, who delivered a brief diflcour.se on the happiness of the service of God, from these words uttered by St>. Peter, on Mount Thabor, '"Lord, it is good for us to be here." 