NOVEL, ,'THE COLONEL,' HARRY WTI.LARD FKE.UCP CHAPTER VT1 ICosmtvsr.) 'I am only sorry ulionr the pipo, Borai*/ the colonel said. ' You miHH it ; I do not, Samuel,* replied the old man, mid h-s sat. -m in absolute eilancn till tho curtain foil upon the first act. Then the colonel breathed a deep nigh, us though for him, instead of Dr. Boinis, it. was the first upt-iii. , uiiii iiu Muuuii, ^i[(i wn.n timeless ui difference asked, ' Well, how do you think of it? Are you disappointed? Are- you wondering what, fools wo morla!? be, to rave over opera ?' . 'By no means, Samuel. X lind tdf old heart growing young tigain to musio ' ' You liko Scarlatti ?' ' Beyond measure, Samuel.' * The people seem to agree with you. I think tho opera will become an aaasul neces sity.' ' I trust it may, Samuel. Oiiee more he wan lost in l.ho opera, and only when tho curtain fell ho added, with increasing eutlmwnsin, ' This great eiuger -rrowH in maguin-.-auce. Samuel, t »tn nur riedaway liko a-vjild.' 'That is good, Bcmis. ' Except y» Ivi como as little children' is as applicable to the full enjoyment of au opera as it in to the power o£ appreciating tho songn of the angels, I suppose. Are you quite comfort able r' « 'My cup runneth over,' replied the old man, and a moment later added, -When tlm great singer passed this way she seemed (o smilf! and bow a little here. Havo you met her?' ' The Old Century gave her a reception. T saw her there.' ' Surely, surely. I remember. Is she ae pleasing, Samuel, to speak with ? T am be coming more and moro a child, till I begin to wish ? I do not know, but it is preposter ous. I urn old and a humpback. Yon should tell me, Samuel, if it is something absurd. If it would not displef/a you.1!— ' Bemis, you aro very childis^. ' I am, Samuel, I am . 1 was only-' trying to come at ? ' ' Bemis, I can say it for you in half the time.' -co tsu, oumuei. 'Why, an introduction to Searlatti.' ' Aud ? t' said tho doctor, with n curious smile. 'Remember, children grow fretful under delay.' ' To tell tho truth,' replied the colonel, re turning the doctor's smile, - I am afraid to promise you till I am sure. tt ocourred to me that if you enjoyed the opera you might auk to meet the prima douua, so I left a note forcer at the box oflice, this afternoon, ask ing permission to present you at tho oloso, to-night. She may refuse. She haa looked well at you more than once. Slio surely knows by this that you aro uot very young,, aud possibly that your back is not quite straight.' ' Laugh oa, Samuel, at my moment of ?weakness. I am not. used to opera.' The stage mauager entered with a note for Colonel Trenron. He banded it to Dr. Bemis, who read that Mllu. Scarlatti thanked Colonel Trenton for the honor he conferred in requesting to present his friend, and would meet them in the greenroom immediately after tho opera. 1 How kindly she has put the permission !' tho doctor whispered. ' Aud she wrote it after she had seen me. But all are kind to one whom you call ' friend.' ' ' Tho last act was drawing to a close, when tho colonel eaid, ' It in almost tho end, Bemis, and wo had better go, or othersmay bo before us.' f Xict me first put on my overcoat,' observed the old man, rising a little nervously from nis chair. ' There. That is hotter. My back seem* less deformed, in thin. Ts the collar straight, Samuel, aud U my hair right? Wait! Wait one moment. She is singing again.' The curtain began to fall before Dr. Betnis could be brought, to follow Colonel Trenton to _ the greenroom ; but Ihero they had to -wait, a little, as the p.-inm donna was called again upon the stage. The colonel noticed with a smile that, having once begun, the doctor did not tease brushing- bank that silver hair, with a hand thin trembled slightly, aud that his eye* were fixi-d upon the door. Intentionally, perhaps. Colonel Trenton stood with his bar.!; towards tho door. He saw the sudden lire lighting the old eyes, aud the ashes of age on the white cheeks sud denly glow again. He must havo known that the pnmu. donun whs approaehiu-;, bul. ho turned so slowly that, before Tie was jiiupuruu u- present ms trieutl, JVIU. iSourlatti, with faco still flushed from the excitement of the stage, but with a smile in her uye.s that had nothing to do with the footlights, hud offered her baud to the humpback, say ing,— ? I am sure that this is Dr. Bemie. now fortunate you are in owni/ig Colonel Trenton as u friend ! Aud -may 1 nay it ?— I think ho too in fortunate.' It was only a bit of the old, old school, just a scrap of boyhood's drilling coming book to him, when Dr. Bemis, with an al most courtly grace, bent over the je\i'*V.td Land and kissed it. (A ' Mademoiselle is right that Colonel Tren ? ton ia very fortunate in the friendship,' the colonel observed, in greeting- her. 1 1 hoped that you would call me Signor ina,' she said, still retaining the humpbaok's hand in hers, . Then, turning to him again , .«he asked, ? Wflra you plen-cd ?with tho ope-rn ';' 'Mow than that!' he oxclaimed, almost luvorently, :-nd added, ' You aro wonderful, Mile. Soarlatti.' 'lam very glad. I tried hard to pleaeo you.' 'To pica jo mof* Dr. Bsmir. repeated, i-low)v. looking up into hsr oyeu in am:szo mtnt. ' Why, Colonel Trenton cent mo o little noto saying that. thi3 v;aa to bo your first opera, and that if you enjoyed it you might lihotouvot mo. When I saw your face I vrao sure that 1 should like to meet you. And then, too, yon know that for my very first breath of life upon tho stage I am indebted to Colonel Trenton. I would net disappoint a friend of his for— not for all tho world !' The doctor still looked wouderiu^ly into her eyes. She asked, ' Ha* ho not told you r' Tho doctor simply shook his head. ' Then I will, Dr. Hernia.' 'Mile. Scarlatti, X protest!' tho colonel interrupted. ' U Colonel Trenton would only tall mo Signorma,' she said, looking up with au in quiring smile. 1 It shall bo Sigiiorinn alivnys, if yon will give no aid to Dr. Bemis in thinking better of me than I am.' ' Dr. Bemis, thu prize is worth tho strug gle, is it not? I am an Italian, you know, and thoughts of Colonel Trenton arc) asso ciated with my earliest hopes and my first victory, in Italy. When he calls mo Signor ina it sweeps away all the emptiness of tho present, the treacherous promises aud shallow remuneration of success, and carries mo back to thoso dear old days when L wag dreaming of a triumph in the world of seug that could catisfy the heart as well as tho ambition. It if plsitioiDt to forget, realities and dream, even if it bo of impossibilities. Do you uot think foi' I have tbouglrt ro to-night, while yon have made mo forget that I am a. cripple,' tho doctor replied, earnestly. ' I roally mado yoo happier i Oh ! then you knojv just what it is to me to hour Colonel Trenton call me Signoriua. Aud 1 hnow, too, that ho speaks Italian, but il I should tel) him how 1 lynj; to bear it hu would bo afruid of ploapiug me and nover speak a won). Is it uot eo, Colonel Trenton f ' for ii moment Colouei Trenton converged with the prima doc-ia in ji language which the doctor did uot understand. Then with a triumphant smile shn turned to him, --n- elaimiug, ? I have heard it ! Tho dear, dear language ! Just as my beloved old master need to -penk it ! I should have known at oni'o with whom Colonel Trenton studied m Florenco. Yet ho only told mo that ntber-i aro waiting behiud me, and that I must leave Ihis delightful corner. It wild just u my old master used to tell me to go away, when I was stupid aud voxed him. i'ou will oomo 'g.tiu and let m» eeo you here, will you not?' ' L»r Hemis promised au-! n raomaut later limy wero driven home. Neither spoke, oven after tb«y were again in tbo uncanny par lor For half au hour tho doctor smoked bi» pipo in silanoe, then coso aud turned to the door of hio own apartments, which, for bin convenience, opeuud upon tho parlor. His baud was on thu Uuob, ahuo he paueed for « moment aud looked baok into tho lire that lay dying on the hearth. 'Samuel.' ho snid ?Well.Bemia?' 'Is not Mile. Scarlatti hsautifal bsyond aojr woman you evor flaw ?' 1 Bemis, you aro infatuated. X liiak it it n fuct, however.' \ Sh« in very rich, ( IhiDk.' : I think she is Rmnia ? ' She bun mado ii. n\\\ ixeraoll. That is. she wan poor at tho )-tarl i' . ? . ? . ' If I remember rigbliy, ens wau poverty's i'wn child at tho start.' ' She ba» coinptotely crmuiptied hag she uot, Samuel?' ' Surely. An no woman ev«i triumphed ia Ihis world before.' 'She has achieved all thai anouopto, I um suro, Samuel.' 'She- could not bav« liop.'rt for oioc; than sbo haa achieved, aurflly But Betni*, «vbat are you comiug at ?' ' I was only wonderiDg if ebo in satisfied.' Bemis, what is it to bo »ntisfied '(' tbo' colonel asked, turning restlessly upon the. sofa. * ' I will tell you, Samuel. Sucisfuctiou i? when one's lifo deems, at loa-st to be fulness iu iluolf.; when thu aims »ro couleot with the tulhJmont of ambition ; wheu there is uolliiri' which another can offer to mingle with tlm sunshine of lifo aud nmku it blighter. It is not satisfaction to. long to liavo the empliufi.ns of tho preeent and the shallow remuueraliou of success swept away, that one may Jroam again of au impossible triumph in the world of song-that could satisfy tho heart ua woll as the ambition Samuel, when vim rnM -».« of your love, that bho had uo need, that she was satisfied aud better as she was, 1 said to yen, 'You aro wrong. Whoever she may bo I know that you are wtoug.' When I saw Mile. Scarlatti for myeelt, how quickly sho told mo that I trau right ! You hud but to oiler her t.h« name of Signorin* to mingle with tho shadows of her life a welcome sun shine' Colonel Trenton shuddered m tho door closed behind Dr. Betnis. Tho secret that lay buried in his haart had been dis covered. A month_ before, it would have mattered little ; but if the suspicion.' which had beeu aroused iu him should pro»a florreot, Colonel Trenton would Imvu given all that ho possessed to ha?e kept that nenret from bin friend. CRAPTEFJ Vin. It. was Saturday night ngnw Uurmg the week Joo had not spoken of tho article. 'What- do you thiuk, Sam!' ho began abruptly,; ' tbey'vo issued uow orders about tho Idea. It is to bo opened on Suu day.' ' That is not bad,' the colonel replied, even moro kindly than was his wont. ' You aud I aro hungry on Sunday, Joe.' ' They aro to start n rending room, there.' 'Better yet, Joo. Your friend evidently knows what sho is about, aud will make a grand success.' ' Bother my friend, Sam ! I am talking business. Thoy are to open a bar ! Thero?' 1 A what, Joseph ?' the doctor asked iu astonishment, turning half ubout iu his arm chair. ' A bar, Bemis. An out-and-out beer shop, to servo alo or beer with tho meals when called for.' Colonel Trenton ground hiH teeth in silence, but his voioe was as calm and in different as ever when he said, ' Go on, Joe, aud tell us about it. How is it to bo run ?' ' Why, givo a glass with each meal for two cent.H extra, or instead of tea or cotfoo if desired.' ' With beer at that price and a reading room to support, tho expenses will bo in creased beyond tho iuco;ne, Joe, and, Tho New Idea will bo iu tho lurch if your friend is uot. careful.' 'Look hero, Saw, you need not fret your self about that friend of mine. Those ox penses are to be mot by giving up tho free meals aud selling tiokets for tho paupers' hours to benevolent societies aud private in dividuals at. half the regular prices.' Tho lines about the colonel's eyes grew deeper, aud again he lay for a moment in silence beforo ho ventured to epoak. Then he simply said, ' I like it, Joe.' ' But, Sam, the ale and beer?' ' They would lind it somewhere, Joe.' ' Of courto you can eity that. Sam but ? ' ' Instead of one glass they would doubt less drink five.' ' That may bo, Sam, but-— ? ' ' lusti'ad of paying five cents towards making u rum-seller rich, they pay twe, drinking bitter beer, and saving three oenU o wards a better home, if they chooso.' 'That's all right, Sam, but ? » 'The chances am that, with tho appotito appeased by n singlo glass, tho temptation will bo withdrawn, aud many will keep away from the rum-s-hop entirely.' 'Upon my kouI, Sam! I never tl.-i.tfbt that you would bo advocating thie.' ' Why not ?' ' Because— why, becuire ? ' ' Beoanse I wat- once a drunkard, Joo f ' 'Hold on, Sam! Don't you .»ppa!; lllic that?' Joo cried, and even Colonel Tronton looked up in surprise, for Joe sprang to hio feot and faced him almost :u\ ho would n. stranger who had paid that of hit- friend. H e«!led liim to himself. He smil^l beforo Joo'h fiery eyes, and replied gently, — ' Come, Joe, we have forgot tou that this i? Saturday night. Look, Bcmit-'s pipe is out, aud ho will uot tell u?. Fill it for him, wi!) you ?' A little later, turning abruptly upon the sofu, the colonel said. ' You know Sfm-ht.ti. Joe.' 'I!' Joe turned half towards him, then baok again, «nd answered. ' » bavp seen ber upon the stage.' The pipe was lighted fit last, and Joe hurried to tlie shelter of his book. It did not save Inn.' however, for the colonel con tinued : ' You saw her before that. .Too. You saw her hist summer.' Joo started. Old Dr. Bemis Actually rose from the arm-chair, and, turning full about, rtood with his bunk to the fire. Without apparently noticing the commotion, tho colonel added, ' Iu brief, Joe, Scarlatti is the miiin-spriurr and her money tbo iotiv* power of ' The NVnv Idea.' ' Did sho tell you, Sam ?' ' No, Joe ; you have just, told me.' 'Thou, Sam, if I havo told you that »c-u fiurely will let me toll her thnt ? ' ' Well, that what. Jon?' ' Nothing, Sam, Nothing.' ? Tell her what, .Too?' Never before had Colonel Trenton spoken liltp that in tho un canny parlor. Tt wss the last link ho waH welding in tho chain of ovidence that was to uondutiid him to unutterable misery. Ho knew what the .m-.wer would be, yotovenut liic hi-.l moment ho hoped against all hope that, something might have been wrong in Iih cert'Oiiing. Poor Joe, too thoroughly fringhtfiied to Itnoiv whether ho was iu any ??v.iy liming two individuals, replied, — ' .It was only that sh» wimt/y' iim to tell her who wrot'1 llio»o articles. ' *t- The blow fell. The identity of Azi'i Scar l.itli »v.i- i-umpletc !''ui semi* iiiinute.1 Dr. Hernia .-tood clutch ing thy back of the arm-chair. Then slowly he o.iuk into the seat ami fixed his oyes upon the co.ila. Jus read, or thought ho was readinir, though iio was only repenting tho v-oids, till thi) colonel pronounced his name, in a voice as friendly as of. old, and .con tinued, — 'lam goiug abroad on u little ijuimucbs. 1 did not maun to spouk of -it on Saturday night, but it oan't bo helped. lam to .leave on Alonday. You muse look (harp to Bemis' while 1 am away. Now Abont thouo.nrtielea. It would do facarlattmo good to' know: that 'X wrote them, and it would bo very false to givo her tho impression that I believed a single word of them.' ' Oh Sam !' came, liko tho cry of » child, from under tho studeut-lamp. ' Joo Braudon, you don't mean tnat yon are ? ' '\es I am, Sum, and I don't caro wbo. knows it.' Joo started to: his feot. 'You aro not going till I havo told ! That's all thero is about it.' ' After you havo done it you will laugh at tho folly of it, Joo ; but if I may be ihero to counteract any wronij impressions, why, you are welcome to do what you choose. 1 tuubt go on Monday ; but why could -wo not. meet hero on Sunday, Joo? Sunday is a leisure day with Scarlatti. We might go round in tho eveniug and take Bemis with us. Ho is passionately fond of Scarlatti. There, wrill that do Joo?' '' I don't quite understand you, dam, but surely T will take you at your word. It ehall'boto- morrow nigut,' Jo« nnswered, but doubtfully. fit 1 Good ! I will hhow your frioutln a model idol With feot of clay.' The colouei laughed iu a most unusual way, thou added, ' X)o you mind telling too, Joo, how Scarlatti camo over here, unknown, last summer, and what iu'tho world sho was doing hero?' X .know precious little about it, Sum. I didn't oven kuow that eho was Ibo great sioger, till lens than u week beforo the opera.' There's nothing about her that is a bit stuck up. You tioe, ohe had never been to America, and sho thought that sho would succeed better here' this winter if she kuaw something about us first. Years ago, somewhere in Europe, sho became acquainted with Miss Arnold, au American teacher, aud they be oiimo the warmest friends. So Mile. Scar lutti ouuui over and spent tho summer with, bur friend while she was supposed to bo at her country -seat in Italy. It was hero that she got herself into that accident where tho fellow died to save her, and talking the thing over with Miss Arnold, aud roading those articles, they worked up tho plan of tho restaurant. That's all I kuow about it., We met them on our vacation, and havo helped in the business since. Aud uow I am going to mako tho arrangements for to morrow night. Good-night. — Good-night, , Bemis-' The door closed behind him, and Joo was gone. la a moment of madness the colonel hud consented, and the deed' wns done. It did not matter, however. Jndeed, it ini^ht be the best way to settle it, after all. 'But Colonel Trenton looked again aud again at. the silent figure Bitting in tbo arm chair. It wue that which troubledhim- ' CHAPTER IX. Tho firo burned out on the .heat th. The tobacco burned . out in tho pipo. Tho cnndlo Darned very bright, then .flickered out under tho crimson shade. Slowly and laboriously Dr. Ueniis rose from tbo great arm-chair, as though he wore older, much older, than when he «at down. At the door ho paused to say,, 1 Good-night, Samuel,' and was gone. Tho sharpest pang of his lifo shot to tho heart of the strong man . lying on tho sofa. Not all that ho had suffered, iu life could pro duce its counterpart. Ho could havo goue to Dr. Bemis ou his knees aud begged for just one word from him. Whonhe rose from tho sofa, however, it whh long after. Ho left tho room by another door, and his step bounded on the stairs. A little later tho hr«t door opened, and slowly, very ilowly, Dr. Bemis entered again and seated himself in tho- great arm-chair. Only tho ghost of tho flro lay prouu upon the hearth, but tho old man sat with his eyes fixed upon it as nieclmaioaHy he filled his pipo aud begau to smoke. There was no draught up the chimney, uow, and lazily tho clouds of blue- white smoko drifted towards, tho student-lamp, whioh, iu astonishing for gelfuluuss, Colouei Trenton had left burning. Slowly Dr. Bemis began speaking to him 1 Can it bo possible ? Joseph Brandon, is it truo that you lovo Siguoriua Scarlatti ? Arc you killing your best friend for a foolish iufatuatiou tb.it will fly to the wind/, tbo mo ment you acknowledge it. to her '- To-morrow uight. Samuel will spurn bi'iiUtti toi youi Sdko. It will kill him, ni:d, if tLcu eyji saw anything on Fnduj night, they --uv th.a to bo spurned by him will kill Suiirlatii too. I do uot.believo it, Joseph, i itnow that thero is something wion;- O) , Huuim, Bemis! Roueu voim-clt and mi -itrnti n thi^ tangle before it is loo latu. What could I say to Joseph r Nothing thai could im-rnnse his readiness to sacrifice biin.-elf for his best friend. What caii I n\y to Samuel r Noth ing. What then '- Can 1 i Shall I r Oh, signorina ! with my white hair and my humped back and my love /or Samuel, per haps you will he»r me, and you can net it right.' (JTo Bii CoNuwomj.) 