MR. A. PERCIVAL HEYWOOD, AT DUFFIELD BANK NEAR DERBY. (From the Cable.) ALTuHovUG he was entertaining a shoot ing party, Mr. Heywood promptly answered my proposal to remain in Derby, in order to interview him respecting his light railway, with a cordial acquiescence. The village of Duffield is four or five miles from the capital, and is delightfully situated on the banks of the river Derwent. In a few minutes you pass out of the smoke and dust of Derby into scenes of syl van beauty, which are an admirable preparation for the hills and dales of the delightful midland county. When I alighted at Duffield, it was raining in torrents, but Mr. Heywood had court eously sent his carriage to the station, and driving through the fast extending village, e-spedily arrivedi at his pie turesque and comfortable residence. "The question of light railways is exciting so much interest just now," I said, as my host received me in his sanctum, " that you will forgive me for troubling you." "I am only sorry that I was not able to spare more time. You want to know something about my 15in. guage experimental railway 4" "I want to know as much as you will tell me, and to see as much as you can show me." "I wish you had, been here in Sep tember, when I invited a number of friends and people interested in cheap transport to inspect the working of my line. I may mention that my experi mental railway was first opened to in spection in 1881, at the desire of the Royal Agricultural Society, when the exhibition was held in Derby." "Then you started the railway some timebefore 1881 1" "I determined in 1874, after various preliminary trials, to construct a line of 15in. gauge as the smallest width possessing the necessary stability for practical use. I had previously laid down one of Din. gauge for some young frihiids, which proved by no means deficient in carrying power. So long as persons did not attempt to ride on the ends and edges of the carriages and waggons, the stability of this line was perfect enough. But to meet all re quirements, a 15in. gauge is the small est that can be adopted." " I assume that you are an engineer yourself ?" "I suppose I have become one. I was not brought up to the profession. But I have from childhood studied en gineering, and I have certainly been my own engineer here. Before, how ever, we discuss the question how far ,narrow gauge railways may be utilised in the interests of agriculture, I will show you round." The line runs from the farm and workshops at Duffield Bank up a gradient varying from 1 in 10 to 1 in 12 about a quarter of a mile long to a level SOft.above, whereanexperimentalcourse is laid out in the shape of a figure 8, so as to admit of continuous runs. This part, which is upwards of half a mile in length is a level stretch of a quarter of a mile, the remainder consisting of gradients, of which 1 in 25 is the most severe. The minimum curve of the main line is 25ft. radius, but in the sidings some occur as sharp as 15ft. radius. The line is perfectly equipped with interlocked signals and points on a very simple plan. It will be learnt with surprise that there are not only three tunnels in the railway and two bridges, but a viaduct 00ft. in length and 20ft. high. " When did you build your viaduct?" I inquired, as we surveyed the prospect from the heights. "In 1878. It was erected as an improvement upon the design of one built by` Mr. Fell at Aldershot, when heginduced the War-office to sanction ap experimental line for army trans part purposes, on the most hopelessly inconvenient system ever invented. My etmucture, which is entirely of pitched pine, has stood for 10 years without repair. The total cost was £30." " Speaking of the cost of the viaduct, may 1 ask the cost of such a line as yours ?" "Certainly. The cost per mile-my line, inclusive of sidings, is about a mile-of 2,000 yards, with wooden sleepers, I estimate at £650, or with iron sleepers, £875. The iron sleepers are greatly to be preferred. Fence bridges, field crossings, fencing, and other structural works, exclusive of iron.bridges or tunnels, I take at £100, earthwork (variable) £400, one 4lin. cylinder four-wheeled locomotive £400; twelve wagons to hold one cubic yard, £100; and extras, say, £50. Roughly, the cost of a mile of line, equipped complete, is £1,800, or if laid with cast iron sleepers, £2,025. But in the latter case the cost of renewal would be correspondingly reduced." "What sort of gross load is the engine capable of hauling." " Twelve tons up a gradient of 1 in 50, which may be taken as a fair ruling gradient for a surface line. This is equal to an average paying load of about eight tons. Suppose the engine made a trip every hour, about sixty tons would be moved each day. With a double set of waggons and men 100 tons could be easily hauled. If the engine works two days a week, or, say, 100 days a year, it will haul 6,000 tons one mile in twelve months." "And what is the cost of moving 6,000 tons one mile ?" "Here are my figures. Interest on £1,800 at 4 per cent., £72; driver and boy, who keep the rolling stock and line in order, £100; fuel and oil at Pa. a day, £25; renewal of permanent way and rolling stock at fifteen years' life on 1,200, £80. In all, £277. This is equal to about lid. per ton." "'Now for a crucial question. How does this compare with the cost of haulage by horses and carts ?" "The cost of haulage by horses and carts in Great Britain would be about is. 3d. per ton." "Your calculations are based on a traffic of 6000 tons per year over a mile of line. Is this the smallest amount that would repay the construction of a narrow gauge railway ?" " No, 5,000 is, I believe, the smallest. If the line were, longer the balance in its favour would be greater. Again, if the traffic were greater, the cost of carrying per ton would be again further reduced. The maximun amount which the line, using only one engine, could accommodate is 25,000 tons. The cost in that case would be only about 5d. per ton." Mr. Heywood's object in making the line was severely practical, and the feature of it is, of course, the facilities provided by the goods waggons and vans for the transport of farm produce and timber. MIr. Heywood, byloading a train of waggons without break srom end to end, clears hay off laund, to which it happens that carts cannot have access, with great despatch. But he has several bogie passenger cars and a bogie van, a workman's car, a dynamometer car, fitted with instruments to indicate the power and speed of the engines, a dining car, and a sleeping car. Mr. Heywood is very hospitable, and when his house is full of guests, the sleeping car is used as an overflow bedroom for his boys. There is also a closed lug gage van, which serves for the purpose of conveying luncheons and teas for large parties to the station where re freshments are served. One of Mr. Heywood's sons, a boy of nine, is a first-rate engine driver. Coming away from Tennis-court station, in the centre of the lovely sur roundings of the house we went into the amateur workshops and foundry, where the locomotive and rolling stock are constructed. "You will see that we make every thing but boilers," observed Mr. Hey wood. "I suppose you understand every department ?" "I think so. I have done a large proportion of the work myself." In the engine-house I stayed to ad mire the smart and shapely locomotive which bears the name of "Ella." It has been in use for thirteen years, and, as its owner informed me, "never goes wrong." "I won't weary you with technical details, but I may say that this engine was built for tractive power, not speed, and that eighteen miles an hour is the highest rate registered on the short straight course available. In Septem ber it drew a train load of 124 pas sengers, and ran ten miles." " What was the cost of this engine ?'" "Exclusive of drawings and patterns, £309. My only assistants in building it were a joiner, and occasionally a labourer. The work, therefore pro ceeded slowly, and occupied altogether two years and a-halt." "How much time did you put in ?" " The whole of my labour was almost precisely equal to that worked in one year by an artisan. My assistants together worked about half the amount. Some of this time was consumed in moulding. All the castings except the steel wheels were made on the premises. The forgings were chiefly done by a smith close by. I bought the boiler, frame plates, and some of the brass fittings: But the whole of the machine work and fitting was executed on the spot." " The engine named 'Muriel' is a very fine one." "Yes, we have just completed her. She will run close upon 30 miles an hour, and in respect to size is the most powerful engine built for any gauge. As these two engines are only required on a very narrow gauge for some special purpose, I am constructing a simple four- wheeled engine applicable to general work." "Have you had any accidents on your railway ?" "An engine ran down the incline once. But during the period of twenty years, only two men, who had their fingers trapped, have been injured." Mr. Heywood told me much more th'at was extremely interesting, both about his methods and designs. He has had some difficulty in getting people to take him seriously. But his purpose is wholly serious. He does not construct locomotives, run trains, and keep up his considerable establish ment for his own amusement or that of his friends. " I am," he continued, " convinced of the utility of small lines. When I inquired into what, had already been achieved in that direction, I found that with the exception of the Festiniog Railway-which was the pioneer rail way, mine coming next-both road and rolling stock had been constructed as mere toy imitations of those of the standard gauge. My object is to urge the application in this country of light railways of 2ft. gauge and under, to do work at present done by horses and carts." "You, of course, would apply them to the requirements of military trans port, in countries devoid of roads. But I want more particularly to know how you would apply them to agricultural and commercial purposes." "The cases in which such lines can be profitably applied are: (1) Where, in a country possessing ports or a system of railways large establishments might be connected therewith by a narrow gauge line, so as to reduce the cost of transport below that which used to be paid for haulage by animal power on roads. (2) Where no roads worth the name are available, and the choice is a light railwvay or nothing, I am satisfied that there are many parts of the country where lines of this sort would enable farmers and others to compete with foreigners." "What have you to say about the question of transhipment." "There is scarcely any difficulty about transhipment. MIaterial of any kind can be effectively delivered on ship board by narrowgauge railway wagons as by horse and carts, if not better. Those who try to reckon up the cost of transhipment from small wagons on to a railhvay system, should bear in mind that even if a branch of standard gauge were constructed, in many establish ments the large wagons would not, as a rule, be got up to the point where the matrial lies. A preliminary transfer ence in barrows or carts would be necessary. With the little wagons you can get right upt to the place and load direct, in which case no additional expense is incurred. Another point is that a small line can be carried round corners, up gradients, and through occupied premises, where a wider line would be inadmissible. The narrow gauge has also the advantage in first cost, and if you bring the small wagons on to a level with the floors of the large ones, or in the case of minerals erect a sinmple shoot, you can reduce the tran shipment difficulty to a minimum." " How about the gradients ?" "They should not be steeper than 1 in 40 where avoidable, for fear of trouble in slippery weather. It is, however, quite possidle with suitable engines to work inclines of moderate length as steep as 1 in 12. Speed is not a matter of malh moment. . verynair approx imation to the reasonable running. speed of which any gauge is capable may, I think, be found in estimating that the speed of passenger trains be equal to as many miles per hour as the gauge is inches wide, and for goods trains half that amount." " Need the line be fenced in ?" " It is often possible to carry a narrow gauge railway by the roadside, or over pasture land, without the necessity of fencing the line. Fences can be crossed so long as arable land is avoided. A dyke can be dug about 5ft. square, over which the rails are laid on two balks of timber, thus effect ually preventing cattle from passing the opening, and avoiding the delay of gates and the expense of side fencing." "We have discussed the question of cost. I gather that you are not an advocate of narrow. gauge lines where a larger one can be profitably employed ?" "Certainly not. Suppose, for in stance, we laid a narrow gauge from Derby to Ashburn. We should be swamped by a full-sized line later on. I am also opposed to the so-called Irish railways, which are really a medium gauge of 3ft. Gin. They are about as expensive as the 4ft. Sin. One immense advantage of these cheap very light lines-say 2ft.-is that the trains run to the buildings. I don't approve the majority of the rolling stock made. I prefer waggons that hold 20 cwt. of stuff, for instance, to tip waggons that hold 5 cwt." " Would you limit the distance ?" "The distance depends upon circum stances. I do not think the railway should be much under a mile, except in a quarry. In some places it might profitably run several miles." "You have faith in the future of small railways ?" "I believe there is a great future before them. En passant, the Duke of Westminster is about to construct one on a 15in. gauge. In the past they have been much hampered by the Board of Trade. It looks as though the Board were at last relenting. The engineers have likewise been against us. But the success of the light railways abroad is indisputable." And as I made my way back to Derby, pondering on all that I had seen and heard, I came to the con clusion that if narrow gauge railways become successful in England, it will be thanks partly to the energy, the enthusiasm, and the engineering skill of Mr. Percival Heywood. ALFED WILcox. Toole, the comedian, is very fond of a joke. The other day he entered a dairy, and in his most solemn manner addressed himself to the man as follows: -"I will take a boy," looking round at the shelves. "A boy, sir ?" asked the dairyman, fairly puzzled. " Yes, or a girl," answered the actor. The man, thinking him some lunatic, said, "Pardon me, this is a milk shop." " Come outside," said Mr. Toole, and taking the man by the arm, led him to the door and pointed to the sign. " I'll take a boy and a girl,'" repeated. he humourist, with not a ghost of a smile. " Read what your notice states, ' Fami lies supplied in any quantity.' " Grapes never ripen any after picking. All that can be expected in the way of change is the evaporation of some of the water and finally decay. They must be in perfect condition for eating when plucked, or the full value of the fruit will be missed. They should be plucked as soon as ripe, however, and be stored away in some cold place. One of the novelties of the moment is the engagement bracelet. It is usually a fine curb chain in pure gold, studded at intervals with various coloured gems, spelling in their own language, the word "Dearest." First, a diamond (d), then an emerald (e), an amethyst (a), a ruby (r), another emerald, a sapphire, and a turquoise. The following preparation will pre vent the barking of trees by rabbits. Add soap, either hard or soft, in the proportion of three pounds to two gallons of boiling water. When the soap has dissolved and the mixture has cooled, add two ounces of carbolic acid. Apply with a mop or brush. Harvesting should not be considered at an end until the fence corners, stone piles and by-places have been cleaned of rubbish in the shape of weeds. These can .be more easily subdued at this season than at any other time, as their seeds have matured, and when cut and burned can do no more damage. But when left till later, colts, cattle and sheep become good vehicles for the spread of the nuisance, carrying the seeds to other places. A writer says if the horse could talk he would ask for a drink the first thing in the morning. At supper, during the and at breakfast he usually fills up on dry feed, and when led to the trough fills his stomach so full that undigested food is forced out of it. Health and humanity, he says demand that you water the horse before he eats in the morning. An experiment has lately been tried of feeding geese with turnips, cut in small pieces like dice, but less in size, and put into a trough of water; with this food alone the effect was, that six geese, each when lean weighing only 91b., actually gained 201b. each in about three weeks' fattening. A poultry poet sings:-My hens they know when eggs are low, and lay with all their might; but when they're high the creatures sly, stop laying just for spite. My advice to youthful beginners and everyone, for that matter- is to keep nothing but thoroughbred fowls. As to breed, choose what you like; but I have found the.L6ghorns to be the greatest egg producers. Take square pieces of newspaper, place on the palm of the hand and put the egg in the middle; crimp up the four corners of paper and twist. Put these paper-covered eggs (always strictly fresh) in a flour or other barrel in a cool place and they will keep for months, and the shell will have the same rough and fresh appearance as when laid. 