MELBOURNE GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT). It is extraordinary bow sudderly a Ministry becomes unpopular. Budgets more than all other-measures bring this about. This is not suqarising, for by ■its budget theGovernment puts its Hand into the pockets of private individuals,, very frequently into those who did not think they hud money to spare. The present budget is universally-denounced, and seems to ho friandlessi even among the Ministry, some of whom whisper they would never have consented to. it had they scon it before the last moment. . The position of the Government re 'minds one of the story of the jackdaw of Khaims, who stole the turquiee ring of the OardinaKArchbishop. When his grace by boll, book and candle, banned the thief ‘whom ho thought would be found amongst his guests, both body and soul in t his life, and forever the poor jackdaw became a pitiable object, his head lobbed down, his wings draggled on the floor, ibis feathers were all ruffled,.. and with the ghost of a caw ho begged the com pany to; follow to -the place where ho had concealed the ring. And .when afterwards the Archbishop removed the curse, the bird grew sleek again, perky and impudent, wagging his tail, winking hi* eye and cooking his head on one. side, and grew afterwards so devout that when he died in the odor of sanctity,, was canonized under the name of Jim Grow. Somewhat like this has been, the . attitude of the Ministry. They were perky, self ; confident, and up to tricks when they, submitted their budget, but when the Cardinal- Archbishop cursed them, they moulted and shed all the feathers of their plumage he objected too, and tbpn , when he seemed pleased they grew fat and sleek, and self-satisfied again., But now there has come another change, and . a now «tonu is suld to be arising, proceed ing from the equator of the House. If it comes on to blow,, what think you will bo the result 1 Lot us look a little closely into. the position. - As leader of another Govern ment, Mr. Shiels is simply impossible. He is too entirely discredited, and , be (s leading the Opposition so badly, that their loyalty towards him is sadly strained. In fact, a number of members of the Opposition Corner, the Tucker crowd as it is called, do not go into the Opposition room when caucuses are summoned. Their game .is to wink mit the other eye towards the Ministerial Corner men. Some of these who have been “ working” of late think that they can get sufficient votes to displace the Ministry and form a scratch team, but in this they rely upon dragging the Opposition across with them. This is not always to be assumed. I have witnessed the spectacle of an Opposition crossing the floor and voting with the Ministry, in order to defeat their own Corner before now. And then comes the grave question of the selection of a leador of the demonstra tion, The names of Messrs Tucker, Shiels, Walter Madden, and Sir 1 Graham Berry are among those most canvassed. Now I have known Mr. Tucker in Parliament for 20 years, as well as outside of it, and though he is a trifle MacHiavelliaU' in politics—as all men need to be—when he tells me “ they are always at me to propose a no-confidence motion, but. I didn’t want the job,” I believe him. Still if he could see the numbers were really up, I should not bo surprised to find him making the essay after all. If he succeeded, be would have a safe seat, but bis terra of office would be brief, for he has not, as f pointed out before; the fighting qualities needed in. b leader. Of the others, Mr. Shiels . is oat of count, his present motion will not' be carried, though how best to .dispose of it has not yet been decided. Mr. Turner is indisposed for the toils of office. Sir Graham Berry rests upon the reputation of having been once ah excellent Protectionist treasurer, bub his recent 'excursion in the direction of prohibitive duties has smudged his reputation— though he might at the eleventh hour be chosen—and Mr. Walter Madden ‘ who commands much weight in the House by' his personal influence, is scarcely disposed to contest for the prize, for he is a quiet man who dislikes the bullying that Ministers are exposed to. The betting, therefore, at the present time is even on Mr. Tucker, because members say be is the only man who has been 20 year in the House with nothing to apologise for.” . However, my impression is that if a direct motion is moved—the Shiels’sone is s not counted as anything dangerous-rthat it will be defeated. Members generally recognise that it is useless wasting the rest of the year in a party fight simply to change sets of men because that would mean the loss of the budget, theforfoibure. of a great part of the taxational proposed,' to levy a summer session, and a larger deficit than ever the most pessimistic of us anticipated last year. If-only Sir James Patterson could secure a competent; treasurer, the situation would be wonderfully cleared, but alas, where is he .to be found 1 The fact that at all the by-elections Ministerial condidates have been returned steadied the House and if a no-confidence motion is moved, which 1 doubt for the Ministerial Corner has not been mueh weakened by the assaults upon it, you will find that Ministers will pull out with their usual lucky majority. There is a.good deal of discussion as toy whether Messrs. McNeill and Burke, who ore now holding such successful holiness meetings, are laying up their treasure upon earth instead of what policians term “ the other place,” in other words whether they are ministering for their own benefit. I am in a position to say this is’not the case. The gentlemen are commissioned by a philanthropic nobleman in England, whose name need not be mentioned to go throughout the world and preach the gospel to every people and their stipends are paid by him. Local evangelical bodies pay the expense of conducting the meet ing?, travelling from country to country and other'charges of a .cognate character ‘and ' any y surplus is divided" amongst, churches and charities. • The, question as to -whether; the news- 1 papers are right to give almost verbatim reports of divorce oases has once- again orppped ,up in connection with*.the Dutton suit. ° Day afterday columns are. devoted; to details, that, are not in the least edify-; ijg to the better thinking portion of the' community, ; It; must be that there is a' auffioiehtlyi jarge section of the community thab.deligbta in apttblio' washing pi the very dingiest of family linen to justify •thp ovening papeis iD particular in devot ipg ao. much 'space , to the, seyere cross exfimination of tbpapplicant and tfrefehief ’ witnessfaWan examibation .'ifitended to jay bare every inoidentof .tM'ytPpral life \- of the parties concerned. IfcTpifejTngf is too gross, nothing two repellanfc iprytho 'legal mPokurake . in connection.-these divprceisuits. And- whpt.''|9'.:£n'pmafoa8 about the/wholething?;is 7 that ‘the one paper that, has triedtoseryn tipi the fullest divorce, news dish/for its readers half 'a hundred -'letjjierayjfrdnr' variouscor respondents deprecating the production of'“ The second Mrs; Tanq&eray; ” at*, the Princesa and yet no one jias thought it worth- while towrite , to Mr.f Editor' objecting- to such' exhanstive repcirts of the,Dutton find other sensational divorce, cases." .’ ' //• •• Tha : latest news from Opolgardie has once more fired the community/with the.' spirit of adventure. JUst what l wrote a l coupleof years sinpe hascometo naj^ety^t^ ultimately -be found .to be M joweUers ahpp^’ v ; My fiithywM based on; the repot ts. : of 'men travelled over the co'tlu try many ,‘yeara before and who wore struck by ita quartzifcrous character, At the time of our great ox* iiibUionl remember seeing specimens that viewed by the light of on intimate ac« quniotance of quartz'* mining districts made me wonder what size the reefs from the caps of which these.had been knocked could be. The discoveries' that are continually being made in the Western 'Eldorado are periodically answering the question. Naturally the thought suggests itself that if these reefs are so rich there must bo others even richer. The bard* ships to be encountered are no doubt severe—but surely not one wit more so than the Anglo-Saxon pioneers of new countries have had to encounter. To a young man' with a little capital Western Australia should offer a promising field. The coming of Stoddsrt’s : team of cricketers who are expected in Adelaide about the end of October is creating less interest than has the visit of any other English team. The fact is lhatj there Is still an element of uncertainty about the whole offair., Up to the present only seven men have been definitely decided on by the promoters, but it is-not absolutely' known that they will come. The fashions you see in cricket matters have changed just as other fashions do. One time “foreign” cricket was all the rage— either “qur boys” doings in the old; country were being closely scanned or we were cheering the work of an English eleven on our own grounds. 'Ebw wo pay more attention to local cricket. The grand old game has regained its proper position in public favor by the did of. its perhaps less sensational, but none the less skilful exponents. I do not say . that another Australian eleven should not bo sent to England, but it should bo q very long time first. .- L In connection -with our Melbourne “ spook " society and its seances and maui* fcstalions I- noticeby a Boston; paper just to hand that there has been another “spirit” expose. A number of lady and gentleman artists were invited to inspect a painting presented to the seance by the mysterious inhabitants of other worlds. When the aurtain was drawn there was presented to the startled gaze tho full length figure of.a female clad in what the local reporter euphonously terms a Garden of Eden costume. When tho first surprise was lover the ladies exclaimed “ dear mo ” and the gentlemen “ bow beautiful.” Just hero a crocking noiao was board followed by a fall and a moan. A rash behind the frame showed a young woman lying on tho floor with a broken arm and severely contused body. The chronicler has not thought fit to say how the visitant from the spirit land came to be so unexpectedly materlised to grossly' human flesh and bones. He leaves his readers to draw their own conclusions. 