Art and Literature, SiP To me, going to Paris means going back fifty years in civilisation, spending an un comfortable night, and getting away next morning as soon ss possible. I know, of course, that there must be places and eiroles in Paris which are not hopelessly out of date, but I have never found them out : and if I did, what figure could I make in them with my own weapon, language, broken in my hand ?- —G.B. Shaw. The hen nightingale excels the cook at laying eggs, but, with apologies to sad Philomel and the poets, the oock nightin gale is the artist of the pair : it ia he who does the singing. Of oonrse we read how She, poor bird, as quite forlorn, Laid her breaot against a thorn. And even Homer, or, at all events, his Penelop9 who may have been prejudiced, alleges that Philomela, the hen nightingale, is the musical partner in the firm. The most superficial knowledge of natural history disapproves this contention. The female bird laj-B and hatohes tbe eggs ; she is be yond competition here : the male bird catches the eariv worm for the family, and sinsrs. He is superior in these arts- -JDaily Hews. In judging any particular poet one usually asks . two questions — first, Has he imagination and music; iu fact, oan he write poetry at all! and then, Is his book a fine utterance, an excellent and dis tinguished speech Weil- broken in our tragi comedy? If he be a true poet his words will last whether we will or no ; hut if he have something of a noble hardihood, of heroic ardour, their life shall be the longer, their influence the greater. We do not ex pect him to exponnd maxims, to preach lessons, but we are grateful for a touoh of the grand manner, of ' the high breeding of those rare artists who have made them selves a portion of their art .—Speaker. The self-defence of England has almost always helped the self defence of some other Power or Powers. The British navy has been at the same time the guardian of Eng land's independence and the preserver of the equipoise between the etates of Enrope or between the groups into which they have been arranged. This dual character of England's action is founded in her geo graphical situation. The command of the sea exerted by Eagland and the balance of power in Europe are two names for the same thing, two aspects of one activity, like the two faces of a coin.— Spenser Wilkinson. I am convinced that playbills aro very pernicious ; and one should never know the aotora' names and private circumstances, the spectators would then be compelled to identify them with their dramatic characters, the interest wiii be much purer and un divided, the illusion oarried as far as it can and ought to be. . . . The actor on the other hand deprived of his private name and existence mnafc feel more convinced oz the reality of his 5 -act life, and) would be liberated from the shackles of timidity and the temp tations of individual vanity, would grow sareleBS about his -creditors and be unable to try and please the ladies as Mr. with the handsome leg winks to his friends in the pit. — Lovell Beddoes. The sententious man has not the very faintest sense of hnmour, and as little of grace, of playfulness, of tenderness. With none of the fire of enthusiasm, none of the passionate force of fanaticism, /ha is as positive as the one and even more narrow than the other. He takes both himself and, all lifo as seriously as if he were responsible for the law of gravitation and the good behaviour of the pole- star. He never lar.ghe, and when he smiles it is in sarcastic fashion, with neither mirth nor pleasure on his lipB. He wonld abolish all places of purely mindless amusement, and substitute philosophy for skirt-danoing and Beethoven for a breakdown. He wonld elevate the masses by giving them things far beyond their power of comprehension. Ha would. oriu g up onuaren on science ana tne oiogies, banishing fairy tal as from the nursery and fiction from the school room. — Mrs. Lynn Linton. From the time when the Jews sprinkled their lintels and side-posts with blood till the present day, Oriental raoes have availed themselves of Bymbols exposed to pubUo in spection and oritioism, but intended to be understood only by a few. This practice is remarkably opposed to Western notions. Our Anarchists, when they conspire to gether, set no opening marks on the walls and honses in our cities. On the oontrary, they take every precaution to avoid exciting attention. But in the East it is otherwise. In the story of Ali Baba it will be re membered that the chief marked the door of his master's honso with white ohaik in order to reoognise it. Everybody passing by could sec this strange mark. It muac have been conspicuous enough, one wonld suppose, to arouse sucpieion and defeat the thief's own object. Such an idea never seems to have oceured to the story-teller.— Saturday Re view. It is the offloe and the function of the imagination to renew life in lights and sounds and emotions that are outworn and fimilior. It calls the soul back once more under tho dead ribs of nature, and makes tbe meanest bush burn again, as it did to Moses, with the visible presence of God. And it works tbe same miracle for language. Tbe word it has touched retainB the warmth of life for ever. Wo talk about the age of superstition and fable as if they were passed away, as if no ghost could WHlk in pure white iight of science, yet the microscope that oan distinguish between the discs that float in the blood of man and ox, is helpless, a mere daad eyeball, before this mystery ef Being, this wonder of Life, the sympathy whioh puts ns in relation with all nature, before the mighty circulation of Deity in whioh stars and systems are but as the blood- disos in our own veins. And ao long as wonder lasts, so long will imagination find thread for her loom, and sit like the Lady of Shalofct weaving the magical web in which 'the shows of things are accommodated to tbe desires of the mind.' — Lowell. There is nothing in natnre whioh is either beautiful or ugly, apart from the needs or experiences of the observer. Take some beautiful object— anything, I don't care wliat. It is beautiful only by reason of the eyo whioh looks upon it. Suppress the artist aud the object ceases to be beauiiful ; it merely exists, and m&y;, indeed become ugly to the eye of some other oreatnra that comes along. To put the matter in a nut shell, Daauty and ugliness both aro merely the judgment of the observer, who is gnided by considerations of utility, tempered by abstraet preoepc. — /. F. Nitbett. We learn by degrees to take a pleasure n tho of Gibbon and JonuBon- is socaethijo# like reading Latin as a living language. But in both these cases tlw man is only present by his thought. It is the force of that, and only that,' which dis tinguishes themselves from everything els®. Bat with Burke, who has true style, we have a very different experience. If we go along with Johnson or Gibbon, w©_ are carried along by Barke. Take the finest specimen of him, for example, 4 The Letter to a Noble Lord.' The cc-ntenoss throb with the very pulse cf the writer. As he kindles, the phrase glows and dilates, and we feel ourselves Bbaring in that warmth and ex pansion. At last we no longer read, wa seem to hear him, so livingly is the whole man in what be writes ; and_ when the spell is over, we can scarce believe that those tvnes could have held suoh ravishing dis- course.— Lowell. 