1 DEM CERTIFICATE. LROM. THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (continued.) I arrived in London at an early hour the next morning', and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matron of the exoellent establishment for trained nnreeB which is to be found there. I described the case, and chose a bright- looking young -woman who I was sure had tact as well as experience. start at once, I wired what I had done to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bring up supper, of whioh I stood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram ou a salver. 44 When did this come? " I asked, lookinc at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting away to poor Will Raymond and his unhappy little wife. " The telegram came half an hour ago, sir," replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I waa not prepared for the hews whioh it contained. "Mrs Raymond died at three o'clock this afternoon.— Grey." The pink slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, mid I eat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes. I had not time, however, for any long meditation. There came a sharp peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me. This was from" Will. It contained the sort of news which I might have expected 44 For God's sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night." Alas, it was impossible for me to comply. I had a oase to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that then nothing should hinder my join ing him. I have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my patient thankful, I stepped into the midnight train whioh was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for me on the platform. He oarne forward to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand and looked into my face. His manner waa disturbed, and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi dently stirred to its depths. "I am more than glad you have come," he said. "Raymond is in, a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; I now think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, his brain will go." " Nonsense, nonsense," I retorted. "Ray mond has as steady a brain as any lellow I know." But then I stopped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history oocurred to me, and I w&b; silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my frieud, but I knew nothing of the psychological history of his house. 1 made up my mind to treat the doctor's fears lightly, and proceed in a steady and cheerful voice : — 44 You must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." " Yes, yes," said Grey ; "of coarse, any one would make allowance for grief and even violent distress, but the man's conduct is more than eccentric. Do you know what he has done?" " No," I said. " What?" "He is going to take that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the roturn of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he says bIm shall cross the threshold of his bouse dead or living. He has given orders that a coffin is to be made for her out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in the mean time, she has been pat into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces- sioi is to start from hereat 6 o'clock to-morrow morning." " So soon ?" I inquired. " Yes, there tow been an awful hurry about evarything.Allarrangementsarenow.bowever, complete. Raymond has engaged a special train, and the line ib to be oleared along the entire route ; of course, et enormous oxpense. He has asked me to accompany him, but now that you have arrived, that will scarcely be necessary." "Probably not, "I answered. We had by this time entered the house, and! Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a dr&wingeoom; where I had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. He was not present ; I looked around for him anxiously. " He is in the room with his poor wifo," said Grey, noticing my perturbed glanco ; " be spends almost all his time there. The wont place in the world for him, X should say, in his present state of nervous excite ment." "Well, I must go and find him," I said; " but before I do so I shall be glad if yon will give me any particulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last moments. When I left Llanmordafi two nights ago, I had not the slightest fean for the poor girl's life. I was anxious, of oouree. with regard to her state, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her mental oondlifam. When did a ohange for the worst take plaoe, and why was I not tele graphed for immediately f" "There was no time We none of us thought her dying until she was dead. I visited her twice the night you left, and found her quiet and inblined to sleep. She eeemed to ME the woman I had eent in to nurse her nro tern. » and aekad her to sit by her and hold her head. The following morning she was very quiet and still sleeping I visited her et about 10 o'olook, took her temperature, whioh was normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how ever, a very grey hue over her faoe, and won dered what her complexion was in health." "She had a bright complexion, " I answered hastily. "Well, die looked grey, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her desire for sleep a good sign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as much as possible. 1 spoke to Jiaymona oopeiuuy, poor fellow, and promised to call again at noon. " 1 was hindered coming until nearly one o'olook. I then saw her again ; she was , asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the , woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that lbs Raymond was dead. ' 4 She died in her sleep, said the woman, without never a sigh or a groan. She just stopped breathing, that was all.' "I went over at once to the hotel to see her, but Raymond had locked the door and womdnot allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering ana moaning to him self, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. The moment he saw me he told me I was a 1 confounded fool,' and used some more strong expressions which £ do not care to re peat. I asked to seethe dead woman. With a great oath, he swore that not a soul should look at her now again except himself. " "Then you did not see her after death!" 1 interrupted. "No; there was no use in worrying the poor fellow." "And now ste is in her coffin?" I con tinued. " Yes. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey." x Baia Doming innaer, uua iu a moments was iu Will's presence. I must draw a veil over tbe scene which followed. Will's excitement web all too real. He could not keep still for a moment. His eyes were bright and glassy, his hair unkempt ; he had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of eager words. Then he burst into the most heartrending groans 1 had ever listened to. The next moment his manner altered ; he laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the funeral. " I have ordered tbem to light bonfires," he exclaimed. " Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home-coming. She shall have her coming home ail the same, Halifax. I myself will help to bear her across tbe threeboid of her house and mine. She shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives ol our house in the family vault. That will please hex— yes, that will please her, poor darling." 41 But 6he won't know anything about it," I replied. Will fixed me with hit bright eyes. "How can you tell?" he retorted. 44 Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine? jno, no ; you won t get me to Deneve mat. We are twin spirits, and it is im possible to part us. Tnere was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life ; but Death has lifted it, die is mine again now." He paused abruptly here, locked his bauds together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : 44 I have an impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induoe Maggie to Btay in her grave when I am living close to her. Do you believe in ghosts ?n I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than absard his different arrangements were. 44 You think you are showing respect for your poor wife's memory for all this sort of thing," I said. 44 But you are greatly mis taken — people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." 44 It has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. 44 1 am all ripbt as far as my brain is concerned, and if you think, Halifax, that I care that"— snapping his fingers with a loud click as he spoke— 44 for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her sDirit lives. All the future of my life will he devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until— until I meet her and olasp her again." There was an exalted sort of look about his faoe. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was sitting in the drawingroora of the ins, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, bnt when he came to the clause which obliged him to certify the feot of death having taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the oertioate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. 44 1 regret beyond words," I said, 4 1 that vou did not see Mrs Raymond after death. Yon are usable to state as an eye-witness that you saw her. For mypartlshoald be gladto see the present law altered. I would make it compulsory that no dootor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." 44 That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, 44 but there are exceptions, and legitimate onos, as in this esse. Youmay remember that I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.1 44 Well, it canoot be helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock — the eaid syncope or shock was caused by the railway accident whioh occurred a few days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would, have been neces sary. We must be oareful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, which is for every reason to be avoided." 44 Certainly," said Grey. 44 By the way," I asked, 41 did the nurse, who must have aixived from London yester day morning, see tbe body ?" 44 No; Raymond would not allow bar near the room. Of coarse, Mrs McAllister, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the under taker's men had to measure her for the coffin, or rather shell; but no one else has seen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am told that he put her into tbe coffin himself and screwed tbe lid down with his own hands. " I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. lhad scarcely dropped asleep, or eo it seemed to me, before I was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was lying in her ooffin in this room. pm((v paimnnnil i t called her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier faoe it would have been difficult to fina, but even then I was attracted by something peculiar in her eyes— they were beautiful ; out it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I row her for tbe last time— she sat op in bed and played with her soft hair. Then the mystery whiohdwelt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar ex pression. This meanity had been rudely awakened into active life by the shock of the railway aoddenW Well, noirall wu onr. A short life had oome to an abrupt termination There was no use worrying about Maggie — she hadgone to join the majority Nothing of Mfe oonld affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret, was for poor r Raymond. Through the long hours of the night I heard him walking up and down the room which oontained his wife's ooffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and onos; good God I I listened to bis laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case itrwiar to his wife's P Was he, too, fast be coming insane ? I turned our in my mind Beveral plans for helping him, and in (he midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at five o'olook on this winter's moisting, in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of tbe tittle station, carry ing all that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond back to her husband's home. AQU UUbUUDK 111 ilijr WWW A w- . perienoed anything longer or more utterly dreary than t"iff journey. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which the ooffin was placed. I was glad to find tbat the excitement which had rendered Raymond's conduct eo etrange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely apeak- iog a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a careering movement on the lid of the coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smile, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his faoe. Had he been plunged in the deepest woe, I oonld have un derstood him. Ho looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine as was the dead woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered bow all this was going to end, and my fears with regard to Raymond's mental condition were considerable. Tbe longest jonrneys oome at last to an end. however, and in the darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distint from Raymond Towers. Here the etationmaator and several gentle men from the neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in mourning, and I saw that this fact roused poor Raymond's indignation at once. 44 1 don't want this to be a mournful pro cession,'' he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who came and with deep feeling shook the poor fellow by the hand. " I am not conventional, and I don't wish anything con- IV UQ uvue. tiuois «o DKifoiu. Where is Berring r" 44 Here, sir," answered the man, taking off his bat. 44 Bemnu, have you attendee to all my orders — bonfires, and all that sort of thing ?' Berring muttered something which no ono could quite distinguish. There was a buttle on the platform owing to the removal of the coffin, which waa placed ou a bier covered with a white velvet cloth. At this moment a touching thinghappened — eixyonng girls came forward and laia wreaths of white flowers on the coffin. They were daughters of neighbor ing squires. This token of respect touched Raymond, who went up ana shook hands with one of tbem, and fortunately forgot to ask aaything more about the bonfires. I saw tbe Gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hearty sympathy and condolences looking atone another in a very significant manner, audi also row that the moment had come for me to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the arm. 44 Hands off," he said, pushing me from him with some violence. But I would not notice this. 41 Come/' I said, 44 your carriage is wait ing. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you iu ue oarriage. aee, mey are aireauy moving forward with 11 44 My wife — my bride I" said Raymond. 44 How often we talked of this home-coming ! Halifax, my dear fellow, I fed dazed. What has come to me?" 44 Ton are tired and worn out," I answered, soothingly. 44 Come." 1 took his armband he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall pever forget that journey. The Mow paceo&the; mourning carriages, the solemn look of the hearse on in front. It was a moon-litaud fine night, and the whole ghastly prooeeeian was, 1 could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue which led to the Towers, and after a drew up at the principal entrance, In the centre of the pile of buildings. 44 This door is never opened except tor a bridal, a funeral, or a christening,'! Baid Raymond, iu a light tone. " Heigh-ho?" he continued, 44 what a home-ooming for the bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift tbe coffin out. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to oarry his dead wife across the threshold oi her home. Tbe ooffin was placed on a raised dais in the (mat AAnfrdl hall. Thin dais mm Anrnnlfttfilv covered with flowers. Raymond, Having helped to put the ooffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered Ida face with his tug hands, and rushed from the soene. I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a blight sense of satis faction as I closed tbe wide doors on the last of thorn. An old, white-headed butler was standing iu the halL HU face was perfectly soared. 44 Good God!" he exclaimed. "May I ack, sir, if you're a doctor ?" 44 Yee," I replied. 44 Can you tril me what's the matter 'with my poor master ?" 44 He is out of his mind tor the time being," I answered, promptly. 44 Then God help us all," replied the man. 41 What is your name ?" I inquired of him. 44 Jasper, sir. I have served the family for olose on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr William web born. He was never quite like other lads, more shy tike and morose a bit— but, oh, the change in him when begot engaged to Miss Travels ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young lady ?" 44 It was very sadden," I replied. 44 I will tell you about it later on. I don't mind say ing now tbat your master's oondition fills me with anxiety, but the best thing all the rest of us can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of the steward?" 44 Berring, Mr Berring." 44 1 will see him by-and-by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral oere- monr to-morrow?' " 44 1 believe so, doctor — the oak ooffin' web sent in to-day." 4>Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." 44 Be will eleep here to-night, sir." 44 That ii good," I replied. "I am rang to your master now. Bring food and' vfine to the study-, and be iu readiness to come to me, should I ring." 4 Yes, doctor.' The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, whioh was now almost covered with flowers. £ looked at it, too, and could not help, uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his stady, warming his hands by a blazing fire.. He had ouite recovered from his temporary break down, and once again I row that awful smile 41 Come in," he said to me when he saw me at the door ; 44 not that we want you— we are very happy here together; 1 knew that we thooldbe." _ to. I had no need to ask what he meant. X knew too well that this waa a further develop ment of his insanity. He thba&fct;, poor fellow that his wife was reslly "bearing him company. After a moment's . herniation, I determined to speak iu a cheerfultone. - ? 44 Oome, oome," I said, 14 even though yon are happy you must not turn out an.cld. friend." I drew, a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. "She goes away when yon contain, said. 44 1 wish yon would leave us. . 4I witi presently," I answered, "I want some supper and o do yea. Ah, and hero it oomeLay it on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do nicely." Bie withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insfrted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to fiod that he washungrv, andate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his fees became lees exalted and more natural in expression . " She's dead, he said, suddenly. 1 can't quite realise ft-" . M " Have a glaes of sherry, iintamaWL He took it from my hand and tosseatt off. " She's dead," be continued, 44 alfcnough her spirit has come to me as I knewitwoola. Hers was the first dead body lever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep. "I am sureahedid," I answered. A should like to have seen her." 4 ' I always thought that dead people were oold," he continued ; 44 bat she was watsa after death she was very weem- Thenexfcday she was cold, but not icy— not as books des cribe the dead." _ 44 She died suddenly and1 was voting, l answered. 44 Sometimes chemical changes ac count for warmth after death Now, Bnjr- mond, I am going to see yoa to yonr room You must go to bed at once." "No ; I shall stay here." 44 Jnst as you please," I answered. 44 Then id a sofa here, a comfortable one. You must lie down and go to deep." 44 My fellow," he answered, 4 4 1 have not slept since Maggie died." . 44 You will to-night, for I am going to gtve «. Should she visit me again, she would think my oondnat heartless." "No, she won't— she sleeps well, and eo must yon. Come, lie down. Yon need not eves undress J all 1 want you to do is to rest." He waa a bigger man than I, bnt I foreed him to obey me. He lay down obediently on the sofa. I put a sag over him, and then going to my bag whioh lay on the door. I took out a small medicine cheat, mixed a oertain drsueht, and gave it to hun. In fire minutes he was soundly asleep, and I could leare the room. Berring was waiting to speak to me. Old Jasper hovered about in the passages. Herring assured me that all was ready for the morrow's ceremony. I eaid I wished it to be as quiet as possible, and to take plaoe early in tho day. Herring said this should be done. end proposed that Mr Herbert, the near, who was to officiate, should come and see me that evening. " 1 will see him to-morrow, I said, "it is too late now." Then ihe men began to question me with regard to Raymond. " Was he really in sane ? Had Mrs Raymond gone out of her mind before she died " " I am sorry that I am unable to answer you," I replied. " Mrs Raymond «!,. from the effects of shook, caused by a railway accident, and her husband's mind is at present in a very disturbed oon dition. If great aate is exercised, however, and he is spared all undue excitement, I trust soon to see an improvement in him. I am now going to sit in his room, and will wish you good-night." The men retired, and I went softly back to the shaded study, and sat down in a chair tgy the fire. Raymond was eonnd asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought it extremely unlikely that be would wake before the morning. The bromidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper dumber as the hours went by. There was possibility also that he might awake calm, selt-poBsessed, and ip his right miri3 once more. (to be coktdtced.) 