AFIER more than two and a half years of hard preliminary work the Tas manian International Exhibition has been successfully completed and opened. The building is handsome, spacious, and convenient, enclosing within its entire area over eleven acres of ground. Part of this space is laid out in gardens, a part devoted to an engine court, and the remainder to subsidiary shows. Around these inner enclosures stretch the great halls in which the exhibits are grouped. As usual the mother country, always generous to her children, is a liberal supporter of the Exhibition, the British section occupying more space on the plan than that of Tasmania herself. The colonial sections, however, are spacious and well fitted, and it is evident that the sister colonies have done their duty in a spirited and successful manner. The Victorian court is extremely good, and is acknow ledged to be a most important feature of the show. It consists of an avenue nearly a hundred yards long, de corated with shields and ban nerets, and colored boards bear ing the names of Victorian towns. The stalls of the exhibitors stand along the sides, and a row of tree ferns breaks the line of view in the centre. The Victorian exhibits are numerous and comprehensive, including all sorts of local manufactures; and the court is considered to be much farther ad vanced than those of the neighboring colonies, that of. New South Wales being specially behind hand. On the whole, however, there is .no doubt but that the courts when completed, will do great credit to the ex hibiting nations, and that the in vitation thrown out by Tasmania has been responded to with lavish good nature. France, Germany, and Aus tria, Egypt, arid Turkey are fairly re presented, and the visitors will have plenty to employ their time. A fine concert hall, 96 feet by 70 feet, is. to seat 3000 people, including a choir of 400 and an orchestra of 60, and it has already been the scene of a great opening festival, in which 350 musicians took part under the direction of that highly accomplished and popular conductor, Mr Otto Linden. Add to this a couple of exceptionally handsome fine art- galleries, each 168 feet by In filled with a splendid loan collection of pictures personally selected by Sir Frederick Leighton, and it will be 6een that ample attractions are pro vided for .holiday-makers. : All people who are familiar with exhibitions are perfectly aware that the little ones are far more enjoyable than the big ones; that the Amsterdam show was, in its way, more agree able, for instance, than that of Paris. The eye is fatigued with immensity, the mind wearied with unending variety, and human nature seeks the relief that comes from comparative smallness. The Tasmanian exhibition will be found quite large . enough to repay half-a-dozen visits, with out counting the extra attractions Mr : Linden’s concerts will furnish, and that is about as many as the average citizen out for a holiday will care to pay. ■ It will besides serve the good purpose of drawing more people than ever from the adjoining colonies, and, let-us hope, of making them better bnown to each other. The- manufac turers of France, Germany,. Austria, and Britain will obtain object lessons of much value, and the productions of these colonies massed under one roof will help to make the distinctive qualifications of each bstter known to the others. These are the real services performed by such exhibitions. They bring people together, dispel their prejudices, teach them the advantages of combined effort, of unrestricted in tercourse and free interchange. If we had an intercolonial exhibition in one capital or another every year, the pres sure of the removal of border custom houses would soon be irresis tible. That a case of oranges cannot be sent from Parramatta to Melbourne nor a pair of boots from Melbourne to Sydney without paying duty is an anomaly which constant intercourse would do much to remedy. Such gatherings as that now taking place at Hobart are highly effective methods for the removal of artificial barriers between kindred peoples, therefore they deserve every encouragement. Thougii the racing carnival has come and gone, its effects on the share market are still apparent, and are likely }to be till after the Christmas and Hew Year holidays. Still last week’s business was decidedly brisker than that of the previous week. In the room 9350 shares were sold during the week, and outside transactions would probably make up an aggregate of 14,000 sharps. Grand Duke had by far the most attention, advancing with fluctuations from 3s lOd to 6s 1-id to 5s :4d to 5s lOd, and closing firm. The prospects of the company are somewhat brightened by the operations of the North Duke Company towards the southern boundary, where the wash is looking well. A rumor was also circulated during the week that a splen did sample of gold had been obtained from a rise to the wash. One account gave the yield as 1 oz to the dish, and another as 14 dwt. Nothing is said of this in the official report, which, how ever, gives an encouraging record of the week’s operations and speaks of the future outlook as bright. On Satur day morning, as some stone was being put over the tip at the South Star mine gold was observed in one or two of the pieces, which on being broken up were found to be thickly studded with the precious metal. A demand at once set in for shares, which opened at 4s 4d and advanced to 4s Sd. Should the golden run prove permanent, it will exercise a very great influence on the future development of the Plateau mines and be the means of introducing a quantity of outside capital into Ballarat. New Ivohi noor have been dealt in gingerly at from 3s 2d to 3s to 3s 2d, and an occasional sale has been effected in Band and Albion and Last Chance United. Apart from these, local stocks were not heavily dealt in. Berry stocks were fairly firm, but without an extensive turnover, the chief business being in Madame Berry West at up to 313. Chalk’s line, which of late have been comparatively neglected, on Saturday revived a little, No. 1 selling freely at from 17s to 17s 9d to 17s 6d. Steiglitz stocks were by no means ex tensively dealt in, as, apart from an' occasional transaction in Tam o’Shanter and Waterloo, business was veryslack. United Albions have been in moderate request at improving rates, but the enquiry for them did not lead to business. Our Steiglitz corre spondent gives some interesting in formation concerning this field. No further news has been received from the Pitfield Plains, but it is probable that as soon as leases have been obtained for some of the ground in that locality companies will be formed to work the reefs. The general lists of non-ratepaying electors for the Legislative Council and Lecislativo As sembly must be prepared during the week end ing the Ist December prox., and porsous who have not already enrolled may, if duly quali fied, do so by obtaining electors’ rights from the registrars for their respective divisions, or their deputies, before or on that date. Foreigners who desire to obtain electors’ rights must, if not already naturalised in Victoria, obtain from the Chief Secretary letters of naturalisation before doing so, or must obtain such letters of naturalisation before the sitting of the revision courts appointed to be held during February next if they desire enrol ment as ratepaying electors. It was stated in the City on Saturday that the Phcenix Foundry would be closed in a fortnight’s time. We understand, however, that there is no truth in the rumor. The em ploy<?3 have been engaged for some time past upon a large beam for the Egerton Company, and when this is completed fresh work must be forthcoming; otherwise some of the hands will necessarily.be thrown out of employment. A sensational buggy accident occurred at the corner of Sturt and Ripon streets yesterday afternoon. Mr Hugh V. M‘Kay, well-known in connection with the M’Kay harvester, took Mrs M’Kay; his two children —Victor, aged years, and Hilda, aged'l2 months—and a visitor named Mrs Isabella Brown, a lady 52 years’ old for a drive in a'double-seated buggy, drawn by two powerful horses. Near the Hospital the animals took fright, and galloped at a great pace along Sturt street, greatly to the dismay of the ladies.. With some difficulty Mr M’Kay prevented them from colliding with a tree guard. Before they had gone much further, however, the horses dashed into a tree, smashing the buggy, and scattering its occupants into the road. It was at first thought that Mr3 Brown was.seriously injured, as she could not walk and wgs partially stunned. On her being taken to the Hospital, it was found thnt she had sus tained a severe injury to the hip, which neces sitated her admittance, nnd painful abrasions on' the face. Mr M’Kay sustained abrasions on' the face, left ■ oye-brow, and knee; Mrs M’Kay, abrasions on the face and a broken arm; Victor, abrasions on the face and head; and Hilda, abrasions and contusions on the head. On being attended to thelast'four were able to leave for their home in Mair street, to where it is anticipated Mrs Brown may be re moved to-day. At the fortnightly meeting of the City Coun cil' this afternoon the following motions on notice come"' up for consideration:—By Cr Elliott, “ That in future all out-door employ ment under the council shall be given to rate payors of not less than six months’ residence in the City.” By Cr C. C. Shoppee, “ Pursuant to' notice given I move that the resolution passed at an adjourned special meeting of the council held on Friday, 19th October, 1894, in reference to voting £9OO for the Mount Pleas ant bridge, be and is hereby rescinded.” In ahothor portion of to-day’s Star will be found a report of the annual meeting of the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club, which took place at Hager’s Criterion hotel on Saturday afternoon. . As showing the perfect uselessness of creating local committees of country fire dis tricts when the country board itself retains all power in connection with the administration of the Act, Cr Shoppee has' prepared a return showing the number of attendances of members of local committees for the year ended 31st of December last. It shows:—Central fire dis trict—One meeting held, at which all the members were present; no business transacted. South central fire district, no meetings; north central fire district, no meetings; northern fire district, no meetings; north-eastern firo dis trict, no meetings; north-western firo district, no meetings; western fire district, no meetings. Southern fire district, six meetings—Mr-Henry Bannister, chairman, six; Mr E. J. George, five; Mr Wm. Beales, six. Eastern fire dis trict, no meetings. Cr Shoppee contends that local man must of necessity grasp local require ments better than those living elsewhere. The Railway Department have notified the Town Council that they are unable to entertain their application for the department to pay half the cost of constructing an open pitched drain from Davies street, along Shepherd street, to the Yarrowee Creek; In accordance with a general request by numerous municipal councils, Cr Shoppee has decided to offer himself as a candidate for the representation of the municipalities on .the Country Fire Brigades’ Board, the election for which takes place in December. In a circular issued to the various councils, Cr Shoppee states —“My aim will be to bring the administration of tho Act into more workable form, and to revive the influence of the local committees. The power has been from time to time so cur tailed since the first regulations were issued that now the local committees are perfectly use less.” Cr Shoppee further says—“ Notwith standing several influential deputations the Government appears unwilling to interfere with the Act as at present; therefore, if honored by your suffrages, it shall be my best endeavor to afford the Act fair play, to improve its adminis tration, and, if possible, to make it as accept able to the local bodies as its greatest advocate could desire.” Owing to a disarrangement of the points at the Dooen railway station, Saturday after noon’s through train from Serviceton took the wrong line and ran into some trucks, which were considerably damaged. The passenger train was not injured, bnt a long delay was occasioned. The ordinary train from Stawell, due here at G.SS p.m., could not wait and left without the passengers in the train at Dooen (which is close upon 50 miles beyond Stawell), and reached 3allarat in time for the Melbourne train. A special train was made up at Stawell and sent to Dooen for the passengers. The special arrived at Ballarat West at 10 o’clock, and left for Melbourne a quarter of an hour later. The third annual Communion breakfast, ten dered by the ladies of the Ballarat Catholic congregation to the members of the Catholic Young Men’s Societies, was held yesterday morning at the Queen’s Hall, Dawson street, and is reported elsewhere in The Slar. To-day the delegates from the various societies will meet in conference. At the annual meeting of the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club, held at Hager’s Criterion hotel on Saturday afternoon, the president, Mr R. Hager, made a touching reference to the lamented death of the late D. M. Davies, M.L. A., who, he said, had on many occasions rendered the club valuable assistance. In the matter of getting the railway lino to the course, the late lion, gentleman had labored hard, and to his efforts its existence was mainly due. He regretted extremely that in conse quence of the subsequent illness and death of another member of the family, the widow was not in affluent circumstances, and he suggested that the club should subscribe to tho fund insti tuted on her behalf. Mr E. Murphy, M.L. A., thought the suggestion a good one. He paid a high tribute to the deceased member, whose death, he knew, was a loss to many. He was always honest and honorable, and very little more could be said of any man. Ultimately it was agreed to donate £lO 10s to the fund, and to ask each member to make a gift of £1 Is. The loan of £3OOO for the Town Council will probably be floated early this week. A local offer has been submitted, which will be considered at the statutory meeting of tiie council to-morrow. Mr R. Levett, caretaker of the Lai Lai Falls racecourse, informed the members of the club on Saturday afternoon that the course and sur roundings were now in a better condition than ever before. The track, he said, had received special attention and, for racing, could hardly be excelled. The various reserves had been cleared of all obstructions, rises levelled, and every rut filled up. In the saddling paddock many improvements have been effected, and owners of animals could now leave them there without the slightest fear. Special pro vision has also been made for vehicles. The lawn had just been top-dressed, and by New Year’s Day Mr Levett thought the sward Would be particularly good. The growth, he said, was of tho thickest and toughest description, and, given plenty of care and abundance of water, must thrive, and come quite up to expectations. He was pre pared to give both. The flower beds never iooked so well as now, and the many beautiful shrubs growing in front of the substantial and comfortable grand stand look remarkably well. Mr Levett contemplates carrying out a number of further improvements, and introducing some novel plans for the convenience of visitors who, on Ist January next, are expected to be much more numerous than ou any previous occa sion. Information was given to the City police last night that a young woman, 24 years of age, named Eleanor Elliott, who has just recovered from a severe illness, left Reid’s Coffee Palace, where she had heen staying with her father, early in the morning and liad not returned. She Wore a black cashmere dress trimmed with black siik, a tan colored sash, and a sailor hat. Any person knowing anything of the young woman’s movements is requested to communi cate with Mr Elliott, or Sergeant Moran. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Jewish Philanthropic Society was held yesterday after noon. Mr J. Bernstein (president) occupied the chair. The report and balance-sheet were adopted. It showed that during the last year the society had giveii relief in 24 cases and had done a large amount of good work. The elec tion of officers for the ensuing 12 months re sulted as follow:—President, Mr M. E. Ham burger; treasurer, Mr A. bevy; hon. secretary, Mr L. L. Flegeltaub; committee, Messrs W. Flegeltaub, S. Marks, S. Book, S. Cohen, and H. S. Simmons; auditors, Messrs J. Marks and M. Bloustein. Votes of thanks were passed to Mr J. Bloustein, the retiring president, and also the other officers and committee for the energetic manner in which their respective duties had been fulfilled. A vote of thanks to the chair terminated the meeting. Yesterday’s beautiful weather had the effect of causing large numbers of citizens to visit tho lake and gardens. Trams and cabs did a splendid business, and steamers and boats were very largely patronised. Mr Leader, P.M., and Messrs Rail, Curthoys, and Wliykes, J’s.P., presided at the City Police Court on Saturday. John M’Cormack, who on Friday was arrested at tiie railway station, and who had in his possession a bag of tools for which lie could not satisfactorily account, was remanded until Tuesday next. Thomas Watson, charged with playing the three card trick near the show grounds, pleaded guilty. The accused stated that he had never been in trouble before, and asked for leniency. A fine of 20s, with 2s fid costs, was imposed. Two well-known characters, named Samuel Blackett and Michael Morrissy, were charged with gambling at the show grounds. Con stable Rogerson clearly proved the charge against each of the accused. Blackett was sent to gaol for two months, and Morrissy for one month. Samuel Dower, charged with threaten ing to kill his wife, was brought up on remand. Mr T. Mann appeared for Mrs Dower, and Mr Tuthill for the defendant. On the application of Mr Mann the case was withdrawn, as the parties had come to an agreement. A young man who had been arrested for drunkenness was discharged with a caution. While playing cricket on Saturday in th* Soldiers Hill- Britannia match, J. Kirby was hit on the head with the ball, which was swiftly driven by another player who was practising during an interval. Kirbywas stunned, and had to be carried from tho field, but he subse quently revived. Amongst the announcements at the Lydiard street Wesleyan Church hist evening was the reference to a debate to take place this week in the schoolroom between the Lydiard street M.I.A. and the South stroet Debating Society oil the subject—“ls the law of interest the cause of the world’s depression?" The Rev. Pastor Soltau, who occupied the pulpit, and read tho notico, said—“ Emphatically no. The cause of the world’s depression is ungodliness, and ungodliness exists in these democratic communities as in the older lands. With num bers God existed only in theory; their lives did not reveal God in practice. If God reigned in the hearts of the people would they derive such a revenue from the drink traffic in these lands, or from opium in India, or.slavery in Africa? It was the old trouble—the people wanted Barrabas; they would rather have the destroyer than the Saviour. Let the people submit their hearts and lives to Jesus of Nazareth and follow hi3 example, and there would be in the world the mutual improvement of spiritual life and the powerof the Holy Ghost in the hearts of the people. The blessing of God would then be upon a commercial and social life based upon soundness and integrity.” At the Town Police Court on Saturday, before Messrs Josephs, Hitm, and Robertson, J’s.P., a young man, named Alexander Wil liams, residing in Main street, Ballarat East, was charged with unlawfully assaulting a woman named Susan Smith, and with assault ing Constable Montague whilst in the execution of his duty. Tho evidence showed that Wil liams had had a row with the woman, during which he thrashed her severely about the head and body. The bench fined the accused £5 on each charge, or, in default, throe months’ im prisonment, cumulative. Tho fines were paid. Shortly after mid-day on Saturday it waß re ported to Senior- Constable Nedwell, of tho Victoria street Police Station, that a boy named Frederick Condor, aged Gj years, son of Mr T. Condor, of Hopetoun street, had been drowned in an abandoned shaft at Charles worth street, Euruka Flat, at the rear of the Orphan Asylum. It appeared that at about half-past II o’clock tho child, in company with his brother, who is nine years old, and several other children, was playing near tho shaft, when tho deceased saw a mushroom growing on the edge of it. Ho was in the act of plucking it whon he overbalanced himself and fell into tho water, which was about 4 feet from the month of the shaft. The other children lo3t their presence of mind at the accident, and instead of running to the neares. house, about 100 yards distant, for assistance, ran home. As soon as the alarm was given a man named Christian Jansen, proceeded as quickly as possible to the scene, ana descending the shaft recovered the body, which had been kept afloat by a straw hat fastened with a string round the deceased child s chin. Mr Trend, of the Eureka street school, subse quently arrived, and did everything possible to restore animation, but unfortunately without success. During the afternoon a magisterial enquiry was held at the Town Court, by Mr W. D.M'Kee, and a verdict of Accidental death was recorded. Much satisfaction was expressed by the mem bers of the Ballarat Rowing Club, and ad mirers of aquatics generally, .at the success of Mr W. Dawson iu winning the amateur sculling championship, which took place on the Upper Yarra (Melbourne), on Saturday after noon. There was no one in the race but the Ballarat representative, who romped home the easiest of winners by about 50 yards, Hamble ton, of the Civil Service Club, being second. The official time given was 22 min. 'G sec., which is looked upon as very fair time, con sidering the winner was never_ pushed. An enthusiastic welcome is promised Dawson when he returns to Ballarat. John Yates, nine years old, of Lydiard and "Walker streets, was attended to at the Hospital yesterday for a lacerated wound on the scalp, caused through being thrown from a horse. John Phillips, 23 yeara old, of Redan, was treated for a contused wound on the scalp, the result of a fall. Lucy Scott, 22, of Mair street, for an incised wound on the hand, in flicted by a bread-knife; and D. M'Kinnon, 26, of Daylesford, for a lacerated hand, caused through his putting it through a window. Mistletoe time is at hand, for it wants bnt five weeks to Christmas, and Mr William J. Sampson comes in with a seasonable reminder in the shape of an extremely pretty and tune ful composition, entitled 11 The mistletoe waltz.” This will be highly prized by drawing room pianists, as it is striking and showy without being difficult to play. It is besides melodious enough to haunt the memory of the hearer and create a desire for its repetition, so that it will make a popular show piece for players even when dancing is out of the ques tion. The waltz, which has an attractive illus trated title page, showing a bewitching girl standing temptingly under the mistletoe, is an excellent specimen of the admirable lithography of Messrs F. W. Niven and Cos., by whom it is published. Our Bendigo correspondent wired last night: —“Ah old pioneer colonise, having been in Victoria since 1849, died yesterday, in the per son of David Moorehead, of Sailors r Gully. He wa« on Ballarat and Clunes at the time of the diggings, and since then has been in business here. The gold returns for this district have shown a marked improvement lately. Yester day’s were the best for a considerable time.” The complimentary banquet to Mr R. T. Vale will be held to-night at the City Hall. The ■numerous friends of the Rev. R. M. Hunter, Wesleyan minister, South Australia, who some years ago was stationed in the Lydiard street circuit, will regret to learn that he is dangerously ill, and the doctois hold out no hope of his recovery. One of the principal attractions of the City on Saturday night was the gaslight display at Messrs R. Tunbridge and Son’s furnishing warehouse, when a magnificent show was afforded. The rooms were brilliantly lit thoughout with gas and fairy lamps, and crowds of people thronged the arcade, which was well worth inspection. The rooms will be open every Saturday evening during the holiday season, when the public are invited to inspect their splendid stock of goods. A complimentary banquet will be tendered to Mr A. Young, ex-M.L.A., at Scarsdale to night. Mr Newman, a nephew of Mr E. Williams, of the Gem hotel, Armstrong street, reached Ballarat on Friday evening, after a five days’ journey on the bicycle from Adelaide, via Mount Gambier and Casterton. The rider— who says he did not exert himself —considers that any ordinarily strong man could do the trip in less time if he desired. He had to walk through several swamp3, carrying the machine on his back. Collections at the Lutheran Church yester day, in aid of the Charity Sunday funds realised £9 43 Gd. The Grenvilleshire Council met at Hager’s hotel on Saturday morning and accepted the tender of John Kennedy for work in Jones’ lane. Three tenders were received, and tho successful prices were —Trimming on the road, £ll 10s; keeping road in repair for 12 months, £7 7s Gd; spreading metal supplied by the coun cil, s,jd par yard; drains, Is Gd a chain. County Courts for Ballarat during 1595 have been fixed a3 follow:—Tuesday, 12th March; Wednesday, Ist May; Tuesday, 2nd July; Tuesday, 3rd September: Tuesday, 19th No vember; Tuesday, 17th December. Some time during Saturday night the stablos belonging to Mr J. T. Phillips, grocer, Humf fray street, were broken into, and his horse, saddle, and bridle taken away. The matter was reported to the police, and yesterday the horse was found, saddled, wandering near the lake. On Thursday evening the annual social gathering in aid of the Church of St. David, Warrenheip, took place in the State school, which was crowded to its fullest extent, in order to hear the excellent jjerformances of the following Ballarat singers':—Mesdames Bean, Clarke, and Dillon; Misse3 Ince, Thompson, and Bromley; Messrs Burton, Jones, Carnegie, Adair, and Valentine, who were assisted by Mr Martin, of Brown Hill; and by Mr An drew Baird, of Learmonth, whose recitations gave great satisfaction. Warrenheip has been successful in the past in the high standard of its concerts, the last one was in every way worthy of its predecessors. All the numbers were well received, as indeed they deserved to be. Archdeacon Allanby presided, and at the conclusion of the concert, Mr Lindsay, of Warrenheip, proposed a cordial vote of thanks to the performers. To-day a Post-office Savings Bank will be opened at Grant. We are requested to draw attention to the sale of land at Farnham Park, Warrnambool, on the 28th inst. The land, which is to be sold in blocks of from live to 50 acre s , is stated to be the pick of tho celebrated Koroit and Tower Hill districts, and a splendid opportunity will thus be afforded for a safe investment. There are two railway stations within half-a-mile on each side of the property, and the roads in the district are in excellent condition. Plans and all information may be obtained from Win. Hamilton and Cos., Queen street, Melbourne, and M'Meekin Bros, and Cos., Warrnambool, auctioneers in conjunction. A man named David, arrested on Saturday night by the City police charged with having used obscene language, will, with two tipplers, be dealt with at the court this morning. A speaking watch is the latest novelty. It is the invention of a Frenchman, and will tell the exact time on being pressed to do so. A similar phonographic attachment to an instru ment will call one up at any hour, and speak ing any language in the loudest or most dulcet tones desired. Madam Gibson delivered her second lecture to a very large audience at the Academy of Music last night. -Some excellent limelight views of Europe and the Holy Land wero shown, and during the evening Madam Gibson gave a pleasing rendering of the following songs:—“Tho village blacksmith,” “The chorister,” and “Alas, those chimes.” To night a lecture on “Love, Courtship, and Marriage” will be given in the Assembly-room of the Alfred Hall by Madam Gibson.. Constable Cherry, late of-Russell streot, has been appointed to the Ballarat East police force. An entertainment, entitled “In Camp,” will bo given to-night at the A.N.A. Hall, Camp street, in aid of the League of the Cross. The audience will be introduced to 25 performers, dressed in character, camped out in a thoroughly picturesque Australian bush, and solos, choruses, recitations, step daDces, and instru mental selections by .the company will make up n varied and interesting programme. The members of the Catholic Young Men’s Society are supplying the entertainment, and this, with the excellence of the object, should be the means of attracting a large audience. The Merodith annual Licensing Court will be held on the 12th of December. Cogill 8r03.’ Minstrel and Burlesque Com! pany have just finished a highly successful season in Bendigo. Tho full programme for their opening night in Ballarat on Wednesday evening will appear that morning. Quality, quantity, variety, and novelty are all promised by this popular combination. Vacancies for head teachers of schools with average attendances from 12 to 19 are notified as follow: Dry Creak, Dairy, Poowong North, Duchcmbegarra- North, Maroona and Kiora, Osier’s Creek. A concert, in aid of St. Stephen’s Chvsreb, Glenpark, was held in the local State school on Wednesday last. The performers, composed of members of the choir of-St. John’s, Dun garee Junction, aided by a local singer, rendered, their varied programme of songs and recitations with much credit, and if the atten dance did not reach the level of former years, that may be attributed rather to the steady de crease of the population at the Springs than to lack of interest in the welfare of St. Stephen’s. Tho bran pies were a complete success, and were ontirely disposed of. From the New Zealand Government printer we have receiyed four official hand books, de scribing tho present condition of that country in a series of carefully written articles. Among those are special essays on tho land system, the land nndincome tax, the licensing laws, tho industrial position, the qualities and advan tages of tho Government sanatorium . at Rotorua, and the physical features of the land districts. Wo have nothing approaching these little handbooks in this colony', whom indeed it is the habit of the departments to tacitly ignore the public desire for information con cerning its own property. The man who desires to settle in New Zealand can find out all particulars as to vacant lands and their cost, the suitability of soil and climate for his favorite pursuits, and all other particulars so that he.can estimate his expenses down to the last penny before starting for the place. In Victoria he cannot even get it when he comes here. Some day, perhaps, our own departments will wake up to the fact that by freely disseminating such information as is contained in these little volumes, they might do a great service to intending settlers and largely increase their own popularity. Those who intend taking advantage of the Ballarat East School Board of Advice excursion to Melbourne on Thursday next should loso no time in procuring their tickets, as no further trains than have been already arranged for will be run. " 