BETWEEN DRINKS. Many a man thinks ho can read a woman like a book until ho tries to Bhut her np. What is love ? Two heads with but a single thought — two fools that act like one. # It is tho ragpicker who is the most philosophical of men. Ho takes things exactly as ho (iuds them. « « Illustrious ancestry is a glorions thing to have, but it's not in it willi a basin of hot soup in cold weather. It is not generally known that a raau may become a mother. The Bible, however, i ells us that " Sam son went down to Timnath to present bis wife with a kid." " I insist upon you leaving tho house," she said, angrily. " Certainly," replied tho tramp blandly ; " I have no intention of taking it with me." » Somehow or other everybody sorao time or other wants to sing " Auld Lang Syne," and only ono man in a million knows tho words, and he only , knows the first verse, and he doesn't sing" it right. # " Cholly inherited a .gcoi deal of monoy from his p:mnts." " Yes. But not much in tho way of brains." " That's true. They left him all dollars and no sense." » An Argyllshire elder was asked how tho kirk got along. Ho sid : " Aweel, we had '400 members. Then we had a division and there were only 200 loft; then a disruption and only ten o? us left. Then we had a heresy trial, and now there is only mc and ma brithor Duncan left, and I lia' great doots of Duncan's orthodoxy." # Mrs. Old 'Un: "Before wo were married you promised that my path through life should be strewn with, roses ; and now I have to sit up at night and darn stockings." Old 'Un : " You don't want to walk on i-oses barefooted, do you ? J ou'd got thorns in your feet." « # # IN UTAH. Mormon Elder (to bootmaker): "I want a pair of boots for my wife." Bootmaker: " Yes, siri "What num ber, .please ? " , Mormon Elder: "Seventeen." Bootmaker : " Seventeen ! . Great Brigham Young, sir! we haven't boots of that size." Mormon Rider (sternly) : " I'm not spoaking of tho number of the boot, sir, but of the number of my wife." » # Georgc-streot Restaurant Proprie tor: "You call yourself a French cook. A find specimen of a French cook you are. Consider yourself dis charged." ; Cook: "But, saro, what have I done ? " . R.P. : " Where are. tho3e chicken croquettes I ordered for to-day ? " Cook : " But, saro, znx-o eca no chickens." R.P. : " Who said anything abont chickens ? Hadn't you the sense to make 'em ont of tho stalo shrimps like our last cook did ? You'll never do for me." It is a despicably mean man who will let a young baby snck a salted olive just to see its face pucker. « No' lady with any refinement will use her husband's meerschaum pipe to drive nails into the wall. When a washerwoman changes her place of residence, one may ask ber " where she hangs out now " without using 6lang. » The man who has never needed to havo any tcolli pulled is the loudest in advising the 6ulferer to "brace .up like a man and have the thing out at once." # Loss of sleep, it is said, is making men small and puny. That is a fact. Just look at the difference in the physique of a delicate scholar and tho robust night policeman. » # fays Douglas Jcrrold : " Women are all alike. When they're maids they're mild as milk. Once make 'em wives, and thoy lean their backs against their marriage certificates and defy you." # " I've got even with Jim at last," said tho society reporter. " How ?" " Ynu know how jealous his wife is ? Well, I have alluded to him as ' a groat favorite among the ladies.' " . "Woman's rights!" exclaimed a man when tho subject was broached, "what more rights do they want? My wife rules me, my daughter rules us both, and the servant girl rules the whole family. It's time tho man wero allowed eoiuc rights." » Small Girl: "Papa, dear, why aro those waterproof soles called gutta peicba?" Smart Father: "Because, my love, they enable you to perch iu the gutter without getting wet." . » « . William," said a teacher to one of his pupils, '"can you toll me why the sun rises in the East ?" " Don't know, sir," replied William, '"eept it he that the 'task makes overy thing rise." Teacher fainted. A lady stood patiently before a re ceiving cashier's window in a re-con structing bank, tho other day, but no ono took any notice of her till she attracted the attention of the money- taker by tapping wilh ber phrasol on tho glass. "Why don't you pay attention to me ?" she asked, petulantly. "I'm sorry, ma'am ; bat we don't pay anything here. Next window, please," was tho polito response. « . Joyless Jimmy : " Can yon spare a copper for a poor gout, missus r" Miss Granville : - '"Why, it was only this morning I gave you and your companion a largo piece of Christmas cake of my own making, and now you are asking for money. Shame sir, you don't deserve charity." Joyless Jimmy : "Well, mnm, you sco it's th's way. Billy ate all that cake, and now I'm looking round for subscriptions to bury him." # # Tho task of singing boforo Royalty is one that upsets the composax;e of tho most self-possessed performers. The Queen is a kindly and attentive auditor-, but she often interrupts, the entertainment by requesting infor mation concerning methods that seem bizarre and iuaitistie to her old- fashioned notions. During a pex-- formance at Windsor of one of Sir .Arthur Sullivan's operas, sho sum moned Mr. D'Oyly Carte to box- side, and asked him sharply : — "Why does this young pox-son shako at tlio end ?" referx-ing to tie reiteration of two notes, an enxbellish- ' ment frequently nsed by certain singers. "By your leave, your . Majesty," was tho reply, " she is not shaking at the eirli abax, bat all ov Somehow sitting up close to people you don't like very well never makes you any warmer. s " Come to stay ?" said the fidb. "Oh, no," said the worm. "Just dropped in fox- a. bite; that's all." » Fwectdy : "What are tho advan tages of being m >s\ wied, deah boy ?" Cholly: " m .-m. l»oa a follow to get so well acq'in.Tt i.\\! with other fellows' wives." . - « "Made an awfnl mistake at the x-eceptioh," sa:d the Prodigal. " Stepped np to one of the guests and told him to call me a horse and carriage." "Did he do it ?" "No. Ho called me an ass." Manager : " Tho Cix-cassian girl's in a peck o' trouble ?" Living skeleton : " How's that ?" "Sho married the two-headed boy yesterday, and they arrested her for bigamy this mornin'." ' Totl.ie : " A very absurd opinion pi- evails about women who wear tigbts on the stage." Flossie : " What is it ?'' Toltic : " They are generally con sidered people of loose habits." HER I'JCTURK. Just another little piotiuu In tho pocket of my coat, Where I carefully bad placed it With accompanying note. For I nevor tiro of looking At li Mrs. or a Miss, Sinco my private little weakness Is for female loveliness. 33ufc no\v I loatho that picture, _ For my Mrs. in her prowl Ih rough my pockets — pleasant custom — Stopped, and then there caiuo a hoivl 1 And I fancy you are thinking Of that fearful midnight scene, And good business that was shipwrecked Just because sho came between. " Sir," said the prisoner, " I did not pay this man for my refreshments because I know nothing of the valuo of money. I am a child of genius/' "And what is yonr ago?" asked tho justice. " Fcrty-two years." " Then it is time you were weened," and His Honor gave him thirty days away from the bottle. " I want to go home. Not one gentleman has come near mo this whole evening, " said a neglected maiden at a Hui-stville social. Whereupon her mother whispered in her ear: "I'll tell yon what. i. > >1 . ._io is a gentleman's hah en tin.! n :.,.r. ciit do 11 on it, and the owner of r.hat hat will have to hunt you up sooner- or later, and then you can scrape an acquaintance with him." ® # NOT TO BLAME. Tenant: "Seo hero! That house you rented mp iu -Sussex-street is infested with l-ats. Every night wo arc waked up by the racket." ' ' Agent: "That's very strange.- Tho last teiiant never said a word about rats." " Well, then, of course you are nob to blame." " No. Tho peoplo who lived tbero before never complained of anything except ghosts." » # Gentleman (continuing) : "And I'd like the funeral to move at 4 to- moxx-ow afternoon." Undertaker (after, taking notes) : "Yo-f, sir; there is just one thing moi-o I'd like to know, sir, Is the lady married or unmarried, sir ? " Gentleman (hesitatingly): "Well, why do you need to kuow that ? " Undertaker: " You see, sir, if tho lady's numarriocl, sir, we'll provide a whitofall, sir,but if married, tho fashionable color, sir — heliotrope, sir." Gentleman : " Wol-er, all l-ight. You'd, betid" give a white pall, aud — or— er' you might, put in a few splasbe3 ' of " heliotrope hero aud ' there." FOUND HIM OUT IN TIME. "No, I shall never marry him!" sighed t'he maiden. " When ho saw one of tho fellows bleeding at tho football game ho turned pale. I couldn't bo happy with Buch a man. He'd always want me to cut tho chickens heads off myself. # WIFELY CAUTION. Wifo : " Our now waitress is-a very nice girl, and what pretty brown oyes sho has ?" Husband: "Brown? Why, my dear, thay aro bine." Wifo: "Indeed! You complain of being near-sighted, and yet you have found that out. I think I Bhall discharge tho girl." INFORMATION WANTED. Mrs. Early Bird : " John ! John ! there aro bui-glars in the houso." Early Bix-d (who got home at 2 a.m. and had to ask a policeman to find the keyhole) : " Say, M'riar, just run down an' ask 'em how they got in, will you " So you used to be in business for yourself, eh ?" asked tho business man. " How does it happen you aro looking for employment." " 1 gue33 I wasn't up to business ways," answered tho applicant. "Every time I failed I made a failure of it." A CHEAT SCHEME. The Statesman's Wife : " This paper says that they tax funcx-als in Paris." The Statesman : " Why, that's tho brightest ideal 1 ever heard of. A man don't care how many taxes you pile on him after he is deiul. At least, I guess lie don't; aucl if ho did he can't vote." . "There goes Judge Windpyei-," said Meandering Mike, of the Domain. "An old acquaintance of youis, I s'pose," rejoined Plodding Fetr, of Ilydo Fark, sarcastically. " Oh, we're just on speaking terms. I know him well enough to say 'no't guilty' to 'im-oncet in a while." » » "Does yer b'liovo in ghosts?" asked Uncle Eben's niece. " Um — ex- — it 'pends on wliub yer means by ghosts," replied the old man. "I mean3 do .qa'ar things dat hangs rouu' olo worn-out homes." - " Ye3, honey, I b'iieves in 'em. I oncet picked up er ole, worn-out homo in do shape oh a hornets nest. An' do way dab place was ha'nted wus 'bout de mos' mazinest t'ing I ebber- did see." » » Scene: Country newspaper office. " I want to seo tho Editor. Where is he ?" "Up in the loft. Tho peoplo tarred and feathered him last night. Ho ain't fit to be seen." "But he must be scon. That tar belonged to -me, and lie's got to pay me for it. I ain't goiu' to be robbed. #. . » Tuner: "Your wifo left word that I should call and repair your piano." Tho husband : " What's tho matter witli it ? " Tuner : " Sho says throe strings are broken!" Tho Husband (confidentially) : " Look, hero's half a sovereign. Break the rest of 'em." # .© » " What ax-e you doing ?" said the boss of a Cumberland-street lodging- house. "Do you want to asphyxiato yourself and die on our hands ?" " What's the matter with yoii ? ' "You've goiio and blown out tho - -gas.'1 _ "Nubbin' uv tho kind. I'pa entitled to the use of this gas, hain't I V "Yes." "Well, I can't got any satisfaction by lightin' it. Tho only Way I kin got anything for .me monoy is to sit here and smell it/' 