A STRANGE sat COMPANION. . ^Dead men tell no tales. ífjnapb t 1 know better. Never believe suchr a» absur j as6ertionT madam/* It waa a tall, thin gentleman, with A gloomy countenance, and a hat of the sombrero style, who made this remark to me; and he came upon me in the wood path* tery much as though he had been a ghost. Of course, it was not consistent with the: laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that if Mrs. Grundy herself shouldencounter in the woods, between post-oflics: and farmhouse, a gentleman with such wiM eyes, and such a curious way of rolling then* about, that she would think of a&ythkig.; butt mollifying him. Certainly I did not. I at once agreed with the stranger, áà>2Í walked rather faster than before. " I trust you are not afraid of me;, madam," said the stranger, noticing thi^ latter fact. "I sincerely trust that my abrupt address has not alarmed you. £ have been so long exiled from society that li scarcely know how to address its fair ornaments. I have no card; no matter. You've - not alarmed, madam ?" I said I was not. " As I saw you pass the spot where I Fay' under the trees, madam, it struck ine thzt. you were exactly the person I desired to confide in. I consequently hastened after ycu.- Ferhaps, too, I may have desired to v.ai n< you that if you desire to be rid of a troublesome person, the very worst way is to ki-Vhim. Shut him up if you can ; chain him in; some black dungeon; but don't kill him. IV you do, you never can get rid of him ageiw —never, I assure you; never. You can lock and bar a living person out, but dead errs* come to you in your most private rooms, stand at your bedside when you wake in 'benight, sit at your table, follow you wherceveryou go." Here he looked over his shoulder, and £ involuntarily looked over mine. " If you're jealous of anyone, madam., doa't kill her, no, no, no ! it's very foolish." " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him,. " could be more foolish than to kill anyone."' And I was glad to know he held to his-. belief, and hoped he would continue to hcltl it until I reached the farmhouse o£ tliffi Simpkinses. " I am glad that we agree so well," Eaid: the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this; rough pathway ?" I replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek: young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must escuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. He instantly assured me that my wo/di was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was; known as Polite Patterson in the very elegant circles in which I moved," he addeá;: " but sinee that I've become a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes; I never.- should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. You realize at once how very foolish it" was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his: sombrero; " but, yes—I killed him. I vra? • very fond of her. Her name was Pamela, Peyton, an heiress—that, however, was. nothing to me. I loved her for herself, an 1. she smiled upon mc until be came; and ho was younger, handsomer, better t'uan I.. Ah ! yes, much better, much better. A pattern young man. Mothers begged their sons, to imitate him; and I—well, I confess; madam, that besides being called Polite PatTterson, I had been called Wild Patterson:. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her>* to send me away, I know, I know, and encouraged him. Pamela liked nie— Pamela—but I was driven away like a dog ;•. and I saw her walking with him, talking.; with liim. Once, yes, once I saw him ki?s her. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it toi anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I; heard it snap. That is how I temporarily - lost my judgment and killed him. Beg pardon. Did I step on your dress ?" I said—"Oh! no, not all," in a mucbi meeker bleat than the previous one. *' Yes, j'es. In my native town there is a. long street well shaded with trees, which is . known as Long Road. One evening, just in.- the gloaming, I saw him walking along it.. I walked a little behind him. On his littler finger was a ring—a diamond. I knew he; had bought it for her, that he wonld gire it; to her that night. I began to bate Mm as • I never hated him before. I began to mate; my grand mistake, by believing that if he< were dead, he would be out of my way. I" carried in those days a knife. I drew it", from its hiding place. It was sharp. It, glittered in the light. I walked a littlefaster. I was close behind him, but I had. trodden so softly that he had not heard me.. He was humming a little tune, the tune of a. French love song. The knife I plunged into> his back, and stopped a note in the middle; and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long before us, and I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, ic* the moonlight, and I heard him moan once>. or twice, and then gasp for breath. After: awhile he was still. Then I stooped and? touched him. How cold he was! On ths• little finger of the hand, that had clutched a.-, tuft of soft springgrass in his dying agonies;, her ring glittered. It looked up at me in; the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rushed;, away and left him lying there. No one* would ever know that I had killed him. Where do you think I went madam?.' Straight to Pamela's house. I had not beentherefor two months, but I strode straight, past the servant and into the passage. Thewindow was open. There were no lights in. the room, but the moon fell across the floor, whiter and brighter than I had ever seen i;- before. Near the window sat Pamela, bus; before I could speak, I saw that we were not. alone. Someone had entered at the doorwith me, and passed before me now, and' sat down beside her. It was the man I had; just left dying in Long Boad. I saw his. sunny curls, his handsome face, the ring on-, his little finger. I saw him take the ring off ' and put it on her finger, and as he turned: to do so, I saw the knife I had stabbed him . with sticking out of his back, and saw that: he was white and stiff as dead men are. £ don't know any more about it. I don't know> what I said. There was a trial in court,, and a prison, and I saw him lying in a, coffin, and five minutes after sitting on a, chair beside me. I've seen him ever since, just when I did not want to see him. Forinstance, now. There he comes. Excuse* me for leaving you. I used to be called; Polite Patterson in my youth. I know II should escort you to your door; but I can't: introduce a dead man with a knife sticking; out of his back to yon—to any lady. Adieu." To my great relief he snatched off hia: sombrero, made a low bow, and dashed: away into the woods again; while I ran the: other way as I never ran before in all myfe. In five minutes I met little Tommy Simp*- driving home the cows, and in five^ more, was safe within the farm-- ouse, where I narrated my adventure. "You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs.. impkins. " I wonder you're alive. That's» he loony gentleman that lives in the holow. He must have got away from the marti hat watches him. I believe he did kill a. oung man who cut him out with his girl: twenty years ago, and he would have been< hung, only they found he was crazy. Ke was. in an asylnm a long while, but his folks are rich, and they have him kept here now. F believe he's not dangerous, but he's ratherr strange." At the time, I considered this a mild de-- scription of Mr. Patterson, and thanked; Heaven that I had escaped violence at tlifi. hands of my strange companion^ " Slave, I have set my life upon the ea*^!* was the quotation made by the orator; bd> the printer put it—" Slave,. I hare set b>jv viIs BfOB.thft eadc" 4 JT HICKS foe J&regeroakiug;^. 