Notes on a Trip to the Holy Land and Route, 181)3. (BY REV. J. SHERIDAN, P.P.) ( Continued.) THF PALATINE HILL AND ST. JOHN OF LATERAN. In my notes last week the shades of evening closed upon me in the Colosseum. My visit next morning was made as soon as possible to the triumphal arch of Constan tino, erected on the public road some distance from the Forum and close to the Palatine Hill. It was built after his victory over Maxentius, who was an aspirant to the throne and a steadfast sup porter of Paganism, It appears that on his march to the battle-field, Constantino who was also a Pagan-was appealing to Heaven for wisdom in order to choose the safest path of success. To his amazement a luminous cross appeared before him, shining in the heaven, with this inscription, " en touto nika" (iu this, conquer). On the following day he had a royal standard made, similar to the one which he was shown, and carried before him as an ensign of victory and heavenly protection. Having come off victorious, he had crosses made and placed alongside all his statues, with thi3 inscription, " Under tho influence of this victorious cross, Constantino delivered the city from tho yoke of tyrannical power and restored the senate and people of Eomo to their ancient authority." He also dccreed that no slave should henceforth be crucified, as was the usual way of punishing slaves for capital offences. , This arch has three passages, and is considered the most massive, majestic, and commanding of all the ancient triumphal arches in existence. With great difficulty I could decipher the inscription standing out iu bold relief in the clouds far above my head. It runs thus, " Impi.. Cacs. Fl. Constantino. Maximo pio felici Awiusto schahis populusqite Eomanus. quod instinctu dimiitatis mentis magnitudine cum exercitu sito tarn de tyranno quam de omni ejus factione w to tempore just is rem publicum iiltus est arniis arcum triumphis insignem dicavit." Havinp noted this down, I climbed up the Palatine Hill, now covered with the walls of tho Cteaars' palace, majestic even iu their ruins. The whole Hill is one confused mass of basilicas, subterranean passages, porticos, vestibules, dining halls-smouldering tnto eternal decay. It appeared to have been the work of millions of men for millions of ages. Without seeing it, no conception can possibly be formed of its gigantic magnitude. There. are walls and arches of solid granite, each stone weighing several tons. I wandered over the palace of Septimius Severus, through the buildings of Caligula, saw the remains of the bridge which he erected across the Forum to Jupiter on the Capitol; paid a visit to the - Church of St. Maria Liberatrice, formerly a temple of the vestal vitgins; saw the house of Tiberius Claudius Nero; a throne room where the Emperors granted audiences: the basilica where they administered justice, also the " library arid lecture-room ; was next shown the race course, the pedagogium or Bchool house, for the slaves employed about the palaces; some portion of the ancient wall of the infant city- the Roma Quadrata, and an altar of marble erected to the unknown god. I visited the lupercal or. grotto wliei-e the fabled alio-wolf retreated when driven from Romulus and Remus by the shepherds. Here a heavy shower .of rain kept mo confined 'for a time, long enough to fully ponder over all I ever read or heard about, the founding of this eternal city away back into the dim twilight of history. I walked - up to the noble ruins of the Domus Aurea, or golden house of Nero. Here he lived when he treaclierously.poisoned Britannicus, the son of Claudius, whom he feared as a rival to the imperial purple. Here he lived at the time lie murdered his own mother Aggrapina, whose ghost he declared haunted him incessantly during his life afterwards. Here he lived when he murdered his own tutor (Burrus) and "Octavia, his wife,. a princess of admirable virtue and beauty. Here he lived when he got the city consumed by fire, and from a tower sang to his harp some verses from Homer on the burning, of Troy. Here he lived when he charged tlie Christians with the destruction of the city which lie had himself set in flames, and ordered fchri most nulieard of persecu-. tions against them. Some ho had covered with, skius of wild beasts and thrown to the dogs ; others crucified or buried alive. St. Peter died on a cross with his head downwards, and St. Paul was beheaded in this general massacre ; whilst the tyrant, in the habit of a charioteer, enjoyed their tortures and entertained the people with the variety of their sufferings on the public arena. Here it was that in a violent passion ho murdered his second wife by kicking her to death. Being again free, he proposed to Antonia, the daughter of Claudius, but, on being refused, he also put her to death. He then married Messalina after murdering her husband, and enjoyed life in this, the richest and most beautiful palace the world ever Baw. Tho "entrance was sufficiently lofty to admit a colossal statue. of himself 120 feet high. The galleries erected on three rows of tall pillars were each a mile in length. The palace itself was tiled with gold. The walls were richly gilded and adorned wiih precious stones. The ceiling of his banquet room represented the firmament beset with stars, turning about incossautly night and day and Bhowenng sweet waters on the happy guests. Well might Claudian Bay that .No. other residence was ever made " For those whoso powers tho universe pervade ; Such noble dignity no hill displays, Nor, equal magnitude of Empire sways. The lofty palace towering to the sky, . Beholds below the courts of justice ha ; The numerous temples round, and ramparts strong, . . , , That to (lie immortal dieties belong ; The Thunderer's domes ; suspended giant race Union the summit of Tarpeian space ; I fear I have dwelt too long upon this gigantic wrcck, the work of centuries and the labor of millions. How durable after , l ull1 are man's works compared to his own | I existence! The buildings be raises, the colors lie spreads on canvas, the forms ho creates in marble, live and enjoy a species of immortality in this world, but he passes away lilce a shadow and is seen no more. So has it been with Nero the accomplished murderer, the monster of cruelty, debauch ery and wickedness, and most Jbeartless brute that ever disgraced the human family. To finish up his courso of murders he drew the poigniard across his own throat in a fit of frenzy and despair at the early age of 82. So ended the life of the world's greatest tyrant. The worthless wretch, it is not worth losing time writing about him. Day after day 1 ascended this hill to examine and .reexamine those old mins and gaze aronnd. upon the historic objects of ages long biiried in the past. Here standing, I contemplated that far distant period when Romulus and Eemus looked in deep anxiety for the augury which was to decide their supremacy. Before izie lay the Capitol on which Romulus erected his fortifications. In the valley close by, the historical rape of the Sabine virgins took place during the celebration of the games of Neptune. On the site of the Romau Forum beneath me the famous battle was fought and decided between the ravishers , and their foes, when the wives and daughters rushed iiv;betwecn their husbands and I fathers. In the distance I could clearly behold the ruins of Minerva medica, broken arches of the aqueduct of Claudius, the baths of Oarcalla, the pyramid of Caius Cestius close to the city walls ; the tower of Cecilia Metella and the plain of Latium intersected by the serpentine coils of the yellow Tiber. The Basilica of St. John Lateran stands proudly pre-eminent among the thousands of monuments, whether ancient or modern, scattered away in the distance. But I am tired of ruins, and will leave the Palatine to pay a visit to this, the first in dignity of the Roman Churches and styled in Roman usage lhe " Mother and Head ol all the Churches of the city and the world." It was re- built in the middle of the 12th Century. The solemn entrance of every Pope into office down to Leo X was inaugurated by his assuming possession of this Basilioa.. Here were held five General Councils of the Church. The Lateran Palace attached was tho usual residence of the Popes until their return from- Avignon after which they removed to the Vatican. The whole of this magnificent palace has been confiscated by the present robber Government of Victor Emmanuel. In the Piazza is the marble staircase taken from Pilate's house in Jerusalem, up and down which our Blessed Lord walked before and after his scourging. It still bears the stains of his precious blood. This staircase was presented to the Pope by St. Helena, in the year 826. Being on a Thursday when I visited tbcro was an immense crowd' of devout followers of the suffering Saviour assembled here from every nation and tongue. It ia only allowed to ascend the steps on bended knees reciting certain prayers in order to gain the indulgences attached to the devotion. I was bound to dinner in the Irish College, and thought I should have ample time to ascend these 28 steps, in the midst of the crushing throng, before the appointed hour. (Veil, I commenced, but when I had my prayers over, on tbe first or second step, those before me held.their ground. I determined to advance, by raising up my knee to the step as a hint to those before me to move on, but' not a move. I waited another while and | tried again, but to no purpose. They could ; not move until those in front moved, and so ' on to the top. I confess that once my short devotions were over I did not feel able to command a sufficient amount of piety to admire-on all sides .of me-:the tender sentiments of compassion and devotion of those good people that prevented my escape. I. waited and recollected myself and prayed, and waited from one-step to another, looked forward to the next general move, but no chance of advancing quicker than anyone else. They kept me strictly in my place, and thus after an exercise of patience such as I -never experienced before, I slowly, ascended the last of the 28 steps. AH this time it is easy to imagine my chagrin and disappointment seeing the dinner hour approach aud. no chance whatever of being able to keep my appointment. I only ho^>e I may have gaiued the indulgence granted to the devotion, but have reason to fear lest the worrying, thoughts about losing my dinner may have prevented . my . fulfilling the necessary conditions. Providence alone can tell. As I have mentioned the word "indul gences," I think I shall in my next contribution give a short explauation of this word, which is so little uuderstood, in oi'dei*. to remove false impressions from the minds of such amongst us as have been mis informed on the subject. To return to the. Basilica of St. John Laterau, I was shown the Holy Table of the Last Supper, which is .kept above the chapel of the Blessed Sacrament. It is not larger than an ordinary dining table of a very small family. It is encased in gold. There is here also a wooden altar, on which St. Peter said mass, the heads of Sts. Peter and Paul, and in numerable other relics. Under the altar I saw the tomb of Clement XII. In the baptistry I saw the porphory basin in which Pope Sylvester baptised Constantino,' in the,year 824-some time after his be holding the luminous cross in the-heavens. The twisted columns supporting the baldachino of the high altar were brought from the temple of Solomon'. The bronze doors in the baptistry wore brought from the baths of Carcalla, by Pope Hilariu3. They_are so ponderous that with all my strength I could neither shut nor open them. The porphory columns of the baptistry are taken from the golden palace of Nero. The little chapel where Constan tino heard, mass after his miraculous conversion lies off the baptistry, opening into it, with an immense heavy.bronze door. The porphory columns of the sa cristy are from the Imperial palaoe on the Palatine. In the piazza,.hot far from the santo scala, or holy s'.aircase, is an obelisk of red granite, originally erected by King~[ Tliotmosis in front of the Temple of the Sun j at Thebes, 1597 B.C, It is the largest of the kind in existence ; it is 153 feet high and weighs GOO tons. The choir of this chnrch is said to be superior to that of St. Peters, and the ceremonies are carried out in a manner calculated to assist devotion and give edification. Canon Stoner, who is an Englishman, and a convert, if I mistake not, has the chief responsibility conneated with the decorum and propriety of the church ceremouial, and ha certainly dis charges his duty in a manner highly creditable both to himself and the Lateran Chapter. (To be Continued.) 