SYouwY journals in search of the sen sational are just now giving much prominence to reports of certain so called epiritualistio seanaes. Consider ing the enormous size of these papers and the frequency of their publication it is possible that at times there is diffloulty in fidding suffioient matter wherewith to fill their colums; but it is open to argument that fewer pages -or some blank pages-would be better than suoh garbage as they fre lquently dish up. Apparently however they acnot on the principle that as one egg is not enbough for a man's break fast he must of neesosity have tmvo, even though one be bad. The result of such reasoning is that they give their readers many columns of muoh misobievous trash. In the accounts of these spiritual istio impostures there are some varia tions from the vagaries, with whioh the originators of the manifestations stearted a generation or two ago; but these variations are more in degree than of hind; and generally it may be said that we have still the same old cabinets, the same old mediums, the same old puerilities, the same old dim irreligious light, the same old tambourines, and the same old game,-and, it must he added, the same old exposures, as ever ; and if we haePO not the same old fools to be imposed on it is because' they haveo beeon gathered. to their fathers; but a fresh crop of dupes is furnishod by eaeh nsucceeding generation, ready and willing to believe in fortune-telling, in palmistry, and in. everything;o else that is unlikely provided it be also absurd. It may hero be well to point out that of ltse opiritualistio professors have laid stress upon the new.argu ment that they are able to photograph the so-called spirits. They make a great point of the assertion that the canmera coannot lie; but the oamora is so sensitive that it gives as photos of stars invisible to the human eye, and shows us much that oven the telescope has failed to reveal. Theoroforo no one need be surprised to learn, as we do by the Photographio Review, that with disnalphato of quinino and some other ohemicalos called flouoresoents figures.ocan be drawn invisible to the naked eye but whioh the camera dis covers and reveals in a fairly distin guishable photograph. We read of it being possible to carry out sucoscsfully the following experiment. Two adjaoont rooms communioating with sash other are seoloaected, and two persons, A and 13B, are placed therein, B blindfolded in the one room darkened, and A in the other-lit up. The door is opened just enuflioioiently to enuble A to grasp B's band. Then plaoo before A any book selestod by a third p:xrty, ,and B will re?pcat its otntnt r.!oldi,!. his tcomt utterly impossible, and the unthink ing exclaim that spirits are at work. What is the explanation, however ? Boath A and B undorstand the Morase system of tolegraphy, and the former merely operates on the hand of his friend, Some years ago a clevoer conjuror named Heller nohieved fame and shekels in this way. A girl-we think oalled Miss Haidoe--was brought be fore the audience, hot eyes were bandaged, and abshe wan supposed to fall into a tranoce. Heller then went amongst the audionooe and took from one a watoh, from others a ring, a glove, or any similar trifle. Without turning towards the girl, who remained blindfolded, he would with respect to each artiolo ask her what it was, and would be told correctly. Had Heller been a spiritualistio manifestor he could have gained much lcudos. Surely spirits must be at work l The explanation wase to be found in the particular form of Heller's ques tion, and the perfect memory of him self and of Miss Haidee, a well-ar ranged code having been previously learned by both. For instauce to the qauestion " I have something in my hand; whatis it ? " the answer com mitted to memory would be "a watch." To the question "what have I in my hand? 2" the answer would be "a ring;" and so on. Then there is Professor Popper's ghost business, the subjeot of theatri oal exhibition some years ago. No. thing more singular can be imagined; yet nothing is more easy of explana tion, the principle of which indeed weo witness when, passing a plateo glass window, we soee our own refleo tion. Thus we see that feate apparently impossible can nevertheless be per formed, and matters apparently inex plicable can be explained. We go further and say that the eommonest triecs of the conjurer and the ordinary feats of the acrobat at first appear fully as impossible as the fashionable socalled spiritualietio phenomena of the day. Iv we had no explanationof the etrange exhibitions that have been witnessed, and if no exponsures of imposition had ever been made, we should still utterly refuse belief to the genuineness of any of the so-called spiritualistio phe nomena with which the credulous are now being afflicted. And for a reason which we regard as unassailable. However mysterious may be the so. oalled phenomena that are witnessed, it would be still stranger if epirits were permitted to revisit the world so Ssauselessly and for such idiotic pur poses as is alleged. If we are asked to explain the less we demand an explanation of the greater. If the departed spirit of a mother were allowed to return to save the soul of her child, or even to avert some great earthly diseaster, we could roseon oile this to our ideas of God's goodness and wisdom; but if we are asked to 'explain how this or that strange act can be aosomplished unfairly we reply that at the most it is much less strange than it would be for a wise God to permit the return to earth of spirits for the purpose of' silly play and idle 'mystification. To resognise the force of this reply it is not necessary that the questioner should be a OChristian or should'believe in the existence of a deity. Whether the world, seen and unseen, is ruled by the God of the Christian and the Jew, or by the forces of nature, for the purposo of this 'argu ment the result is the same-nothing but folly on. the part of the ruling power could permit such utterly idiotio displays as we are asked to believe really occur. Religious dogmas that men reared in their belief hold to be unase sailable are held by others to be with but foundation. A" disbelieves' the fundamental :doctrines of B's creed; and B the doctrines of A's. O disbe lioeves both. Al1 this can be under stood. But to induce us to believe in spiritualism as supposed to be popu larly manifested is something more than to ask us to disbelieve the dogmas of any creed. We should first have to discard every belief in' ivwhich we and all around us have been edu eated, which might be well if trutha'nd reason so required. But we should ialso have to adopt theories wild and irrational beyond compare with those dogmas we were abandoning. This noither truth nor reason can justify. Clearly then - even were there no explanations and no exposure-we are justified in deolining to aoept'? no truthful the puerilities of spiritualistio mancsuvring ans interpreted by the charlatans of the hour. 