ROUNDHEADS AND CAVALIERS, OB A TRAGEDY IN THE SNOW. BY FOETESfiUE WELLS. We meet them at the doorway, on the stair, Along the passages they oeme and go, Impa pable impressions on the air, A sense of something moving to and fro. We have no title deeds to house or lands; Owners and occupants of earlier dates From graves forgotten stretch their dust; hands, And bold in mortmain still their old estates. LOSOFELhOW. "To let, near Lafthouse, Niderdale, desir able family residence, tan rooms, good garden, . splendid view, moderate rent. For farther j particulars apply Messrs. Gordon & Sons, Bstley-street, Leeds." ( So ran the advertisement in the "To let" column of the Ltedt Exprut, over which I had been poring, trying to oorae to a decision as to whioh of the many apparently desirable residences my wife and I should inepeot that day. For a whole week we had been diligently inspecting desirable residences, and were thoroughly tired of this occupation; however, with the hope that we had at last found one to suit us, I oalled on Messrs. Gordon ft Sons, and from them obtained the further par ticulare. The house they stated wse situated about three miles from Lofthouse, and stood in well woeded grounds; there was also a good orohard, containing many choice fruit-trees, and a splendid view of the surrounding country was to be obtained from the windowe. They also informed me that an old couple occupied a email cottage at the rear of the premises; the wife had oharge of the keys and would show us over the bouse, and no doubt if we took Beeoh Hall the husband, Enooh Smugman, would be willing to act in the oapaoity of gardener for a trifling wage. The rent was extremely moderate — about half what we had been asked for similar residences, a faot whioh should have aroused our euspi oioDB; but unfortunately for us, as after events proved, it did not, so tie following day we journeyed to LofthouBe to inepeot Beeoh Hall. Beeoh Hall was approached by a fine beeoh avenue, through whioh we passed over a thick oarpBt of mast. It was a pioturesque house when viewed from the front; quaint project ing windows with diamond-shaped panes and grey gableB covered with a spcoies of liohen j proclaimed its age. The massive andquaintly j oarved door, whioh was guarded on either side by a stone griffin, was approaohed by a wide i flight of eteps. The flower garden in front j was the only thiug whioh had a modern ' appearance. This was laid out in terraces, and ehowed signs of recent care and atten- J tion. The interior of the house corresponded with the exterior. Over the fireplace in the front ! roomB large mirrors, each surrounded by a rose-coloured marble border, were built into | the wall; the dark oak wainsootting wasriohly oarved ; all was old-fashioned, solid, and sub stantial. ' By a broad staircase we gained tho upper ! oorridor, on to whioh opened four bedrooms— J The largest room, situated over the dining- j room and faoing the front of the honse, was handsomely panelled in black oak, and the 'cornices and mantelpieoe were richly carved in shamrocks and roses, the emblem of Scot land being absent. When passing through I this room the old woman drew our attention j to a rose in the tracery, whioh she pressed, when a panel slid back disclosing what had evidently been a secret closet. The quainlnessof the rooms end the general appearanoe of the house pleased us so muoh that after a cursory glanoe at its surroundings | we decided to take it, and wrote to the agent that evening to that effeot. As we left Beeoh Hall we informed the woman that we intended to take it. She eyed as curiously as she | remarked dryly— ** Aurm not vurry parahul to oald haases, ' bnt its goold luolc as it happens, as we've just | git th' one to eewt yo." '— Wo liked Beech Hall and the neighbour hood so well that after residing there for about { four months we oontemplated taking it on a ; long lease, and one day as I was watching j Enooh Smugman prune a luxuriant rosebush I mentioned this faot to him. The old man started nervously, dropping hie knife. "Doant yo' maister," he exclaimed hur- 1 riedty; " doant you. Oum winter it's a fear some plane for the women folk, when it be ] dark and the deed lady walks." " Dead lady walks ; what do you mean ?" Before answering my question Enooh looked furtively around. " Yon bB haunted sure," he said with a solemn nod towards the house, his wrinkled J face puckered up mysteriously. "Nonsense, Enooh, an old woman's tale." "It baint nonsense," he replied sturdidly, " for aw sin her mysel wi' her deed child," "Her! who?" " Dorothy Metcalfe." "Whoie Dorothy Metcalfe?" " Her as walks." " Imposible," I exolaimed ; "why wo have J been here four moDtheand have seen nothing." | "All the same her walke; yo'll see her oum winter," Enoch answered doggedly. ' Though I had very little belief in Enoch's statement, knowing how absurdly supersti tious tbe pessantry in that district were, and how thoroughly wedded they were to their ideas, still I felt reluotant to olose with the agent's offer, and so stipulated for a twelve months' oooupation before taking it for a longer term ; but it was not till one evening in the early winter that anything ooourred which gave me reason to think that after all there might be some truth in the statement of the old man that the house was haunted. One evening I had walked down to the j stables to look at one of my horses, and stood talking to the groom for a few minutes, when just as I was abont to return to the house I was surprised to observe a lady approaching through the trees on my left. She was dressed in a long dark cloak, the hood drawn over her head, and muffled in a ahawl she carried a child pressed olose to her shoulder. I turned to the lad, and was abont to enquire who tbe lady wns. for the gait and pose ofthefignre were unmistakably refined, when I was surprised to see his usually ruddy face aBby pale, and his eyes almost starring out of his head. " Why, what is the matter ?" I cried. "The ghost," he stammered. - " Where !" i He pointed to the figure, whioh had con tinued its walk past the atsbles, crossed the avenue, and just as we looked was entering the front door. The few the groom exhibited and his statement that it was a ghost reminded me of Enoch Smngman's story; still I was soeptioal, and hastened to the house hoping to find that it waseome late and unexpected visitor to my wife. When I entered our well-lighted , drawing room I found my .wife much agitated. Almost I immediately on my entering ehe complained tb me that just at duslc -she had met oh the etaira a woman wrapped in a long dark olosk, with the hood drawn oloeely over her face. She appeared to be harrying something, bnt it was too dark to distinguish what it wan, and when she spoke to her ehe obtained no reply. Supposing, her to be one of the maide ehe made enquiries in the kitohen as to who had been out without leave, but both girls stoutly denied having left the kitohen einoe dark, in whioh assertion they were supported by my man White. My wife was extremely annoyed at what ehe considered the servants' duplioity. Not wiabingtoalarm ber unnecessarily. I did not tell her what I had eeen, hoping that tha visits of the ghostly lady would not befre> quent. / mi doomed to ditappointjneni. The next evening about the same time I was • passing through the corridor into whioh our bedroom opened, when I saw the same figure that I had seen in the grounds ooming towsrds me. I put out my band to arrest her, but I was horrified to find that I had grasped nothing. My hand passed right through the figure, whioh took no notioe of me whatever, but glided down the atain into the ball, aod a few minutes later I saw it rater the Beeoh Avenue. Later in the evening I again looked rat of the window and oaught s glimpse of a tall, slight figure, and I fancied that above the whistle of the wind I could hear the sob of a ohild. When we retired that night I was unable to sleep, but tossed restlessly about wondering for now long ! should be able to hide the fact of these ghostly visits from my wife. She was so highly nervous that I dreaded the oon-. sequences of the shook should she suddenly beoome aware that the house was haunted, at length I fell into an uneasy slumber, from whioh I was awoke by my wife shaking my arm. "Harry, Harry,"sheoried, "don'tyou hear it! Don't you hear the ohild 5" '■ Ohild, nonsense, my dear, you must have bad an unpleasant dream, or perbapa it win a gabble rachet in the old beeoh-treeB." "No, Harry, it is not nonsense; I have heard it for the last ten minutes, but would not wake you till I wasquite sure.-' " A ohild out in the park in this weather at 1 o'olook in the morning." "Yes. Ob, there it is again," and my wife clasped my arm convulsively. I sprang to the window and drew aside the blind. What I beheld rooted me to the spot. The moon was shining as clear as day, the smallest objects being easily distinguishable, there, standing at the foot of the steps, was a lady. The long dark oloak in which she had been enveloped had fallen to her feet, dis closing the costume of the seventeenth century, the silver buokles of her shoes gleaming in the moonlight. Her long, tightly laced bodice was crossed by a handsome lace kerchief, and fastened by a jewelled clasp ; while her long fair hair hung in a profusion of ourlsover her shoulders after the manner of Royalist ladies whoBe portraits I remember to have seen. As I looked she raised the ohild high in her arms as if showing it to some one, keeping her eyes steadily fixed on the ball door the while. I oould see by the movement of her lipBthat ehe was speaking, but the wind was too high to permit me to hear what aha said. A cold hand fell on mine. The tensionnn my nerves was so great that I started violently ; it was my wife who had followed me. " Let them in, Harry," Bhe cried hysteri cally. "No, no, my dear, that is impossible,"I replied. Something in my tone and manner arrested my wife's attention, and ehe appeared to realize that these visitors were from another world, and with a cry of horror she fell insen sible at my feet. As the morning dawned the lady raised her oloak, and gather it round her orosed the avenue in the direction of Fishpond Wood. .The next day I spoke to Enoch about these visitors. " Aw bin quite aewer an sartin aw wud cum back. Wahiver doant yo go an open th'door, mlister, or wus may happen." The following night we were not disturbed, nor indeed were we for more than a week, whenthe same visit woe repeated. Occasionally we would see a darkly shrouded figure flitting about the staircase, and onoe I was awoke by the oreaking of the eeorot door to see Dorothy Metoalfe standing with a lighted lamp by our bedside, the hood of the long oloak she usually wore thrown back and an eager anxious look on her face. My wife's health suffered so much from these repeated visits that we wore compelled to remove to a neighbouring house that had become vaoant, though I own I was loath to do so, as I bad taken a great liking to the quaint old place. It was not till some months after we had left Beeoh Hall that Ilearnred the particulars of Dorothy Metcalfe's history from an old resident of the district. 