A STRANGE COMPANION; . "Dead men tell no tales. Humph! I know better. Never believe such an absurj assertion, madam." It was a tall, thin gentleman, with a gloomy countenance, and a Iiat of the sombrero style, who made this remark to me; and be came upon me in me wood path, very much as though he had been a ghost. Of course, it was not consistent with the laws of etiquette that he should speak, or that I should answer him, but I scarcely think that if Mrs. Grundy herself sliouy encounter in the woods, between posl-oiíice and farmhouse, a gentleman with &uch; wihi eyes, and such a curious way of rolling the:;; about, that she would think of anything but mollifying him. Certainly I did not. I at once agreed with the stranger, and walked rather faster than before. " I trust you are not afraid of mc, madam," said the stranger, noticing tliii latter fact. "I sincerely trust that 121 v abrupt address has not alarmed yon. J have been so long exiled from society that I scarcely know how to address its fair ornaments. I have no card; 110 matter. You're not alarmed, madam ?" I said I was not. . " As I saw you pass the spot where I ls;- irndc-r the trees, madam, it siruck ice lit.-;; you were exactly the person I-dosired to c ju tide in. I consequently hastened after yc.t. Perhaps, too, I may have desired to wain you that if you desire to be rid of a troubl*. some person, the very worst way is to ki ;: him. Shut him up if you can; chain Lim hi some black dungeon ; but don't kill liitn. J" you do, you never can get rid of him agah> —never, I assure you; never. You can loc!. and bar a living person out, bat dead one> come to you in your most private rooms, an • Et&fid; at your bedside when you wake in the night, sit at your table, follow you whenever you go." _. Here he looked over his shoulder, and 1 involuntarily looked over mine. If you're jealous of anyone, madam, don't kill her, no, no, no ! it's very foolish." " Nothing," I instantly agreed with him, " could be more foolish than to kill anyone." And I was glad to know he held to his belief, and hoped he would continue to hold it until 1 reached the farmhouse of the Simpkinses. " I am glad that we agree so wéll," said the stranger. " Madam, excuse my want of courtesy. Shall I offer you my arm over this rough pathway ?" I .replied in a voice that sounded to my own ears, like the bleating of a very meek young lamb, that, if he pleased, he must excuse me. I was obliged to hold up my dress. He instantly assured me that my word was his law. " Before I made my grand mistake, I was known as Polite Patterson in the very -elegant circles in which I moved," he added; "^>ut since that I've become a recluse. It was a grand mistake. Yes, yes; I never should have killed him, never." I involuntarily gave a small shriek. " You realize at once how very foolish it was," said the tall gentleman, twisting his sombrero; " but, ye3—I killed him. I was very fond of her. Her name was -Pamela Peyton, an heiress — that, however, was nothing to me. I loved her for herself, and she smiled upon me until he came; and he was younger, handsomer, better than I. Ah ! yes, much better, much better. A pattern young man. Mothers begged their sons to imitate him; and I—well, I confess madam, that besides being called Polite Patterson, I had been called Wild Patterson. Yes, yes, it was the mamma who forced her to send me away, I know, I know, and who encouraged him. Patbela liked me—poor Pamela—but I was driven away like a dog: and I saw her walking with him, talking with him. Onca, yes, once I saw him kiss her. At that moment something happened to my brain. I've never mentioned it to anyone, but I tell you now in confidence. I heard it snap. That is how I temporarily lost my judgment and killed him. Beg pardon. Did I step on your dress ?" I said— lf Oil! no, not all," in a much meeker bleat than the previous one. Yes, yes. In my native town there is r long street well shaded with trees, which ÍF known as Long Eoad. One evening, just irthe gloaming, I saw him walking along it I walked a little behind him. On his little finger was a ring—a diamond. I knew IK had bought it for her, that he would give r to her that night. I began to liate him a' I never hated him before. I began to mak< my grand mistake, by believing that if h were dead, he would be out of my way. J carried in those days a knife. I drew i>. from its hiding place. It was sharp. I glittered in the light. I walked a litt' faster. I was close behind him, but I ha' trodden so softly that he had not heard mc He was humming a little tune, the tune of t Frendi love song. The knife I plunged in( • his back, and stopped â note in the middle and completed my mistake." The vista of leafy shadow spread long before us, aud I dared not hasten my steps. " Yes, a great mistake," he said ; " a very great mistake. He lay on his face there, in the moonlight, and I heard him moan once or twice, and then gasp for breath. After awhile he was still. Then I stooped an touched him. How cold he was ! On tin little finger of the hand, that had clutched a tuft of soft springgráss in his dying agonies her ring glittered. It looker up at me ii. the moonlight like a demon's eye. I rusheã away and left him lying there. No on. would ever know that I had killed him ^Viiere do you think I went madam ? Straight to Pamela's house. I had not beer ihore for two months, but I strode straight . aft the servant and into the passage. Th' hidow waB open. There were no lights ii; \-- ;e room, but the moon fell across the floor, liter and brighter than'I had ever seen ii "ore. Near the window sat Pamela, bu*' . ' ire Í could speak, I saw that we were no* ne. Someone had enter&d; at the doo 1 •: :th me, and passed before me now, atir :.t down beside her. It was the man I ha< j 1st left dying in Long Road. I saw hi- Riimy cur's, ills handsome face, the nag or his little finger. I saw him take the ring of and put it on her finger, and as he turne to do eo, I saw the knife I had stabbed hii; with sticking out of his back, and saw thai he was white and stiff as dead men are. J don't know any more about it. I don'tknov what I said. There was a trial in court and a prison, and I saw him lying in r coffin, and five minutes after sitting on t chair beside me. I've even him ever since just when I did not want to see him. Fo instance, now. There he comes. Excusme for leaving yon. I used to be calle> Poh'ts Patterson in my youth. I know 3 should escort you to your door; but I can'- introduce a dead man with a knife stickin; out of his back to you—to any lady. Adieu.' To my great relief he snatched off hi BOTr.lirero, made a low bow, and dashed away into the woods again; while I ran thf other way as Inever ran before in all my life. In five minutes 1 met little Tommy Simpkins driving home the cows, and in five 'minutes more, was safe within the farmhouse, wheíe I narrated my adventure. " You've had a lucky escape," said Mrs. Simpkins. " I wonder you're alive. That's the loony gentleman that lives in the hollow. He must have got away from the man that watches him. I believe he did kill a young iman who cut him out with his girl twenty years ago, and he would have been hung, only'they found he was crazy. He was in an asylom a lóng while, but his folks arc rich, and they have him kept here now. I believe he's not dangerous, but he's rather ctrange." At the time, I considered this a mild description of Mr. Patterson, and thanked Heaven that I had escaped violence at the 'hands of my strange companion. " Slave, I have set my life upon the east," 'was the quotation made by the orator; bat the printer put it—" Slave, Í have set my ^rif« upon the cask." '{the North&m; Vine and Frail Growers'Ml ociotionB' dinner on Wednesday a Success. 