THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. By E. A. J. All day long the door bell had teen ringiDg, and tbe wedding guests kept coming until at last all had arrived. There wor® cousins from everywhere, it seemed to the children, and such a wedding ae it wsa going to be ! Bass was to be tbe bride, and Beee was tbe queen of tbe family jast now. She wes always lovely ; to-night she was beautifol; the bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and tbe same she wore at her own wedding, failed to bide the fair yonng face from a host of admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this marriage, was startled out of his melancholy at tbe sight. Bess in white "satin and orsnge blossoms was very different from Bess in white muslin aud blue ribbons. Why, she wus indeed a very queen, and be baif expected io see the ladies in waiting and the royal guardsman surround her After lie ceremonv, congratulations and supper, a game of bide-and-seek was proponed. Awav flew Bess, with a crowd of merry seekers after her, through the corridor and up tbe stairs, until she reached the great wardrobe that stood in front of tbe old gneBt chamber, which had not been opened for many years. She rsn in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, found it unlocked, mi entered, still holding tbe- knob in her band. With flushed face and bated breath sbe listened to the merry voices outside; then, imagining she was discovered as the faces came nearer, she let go of the knob and pushed the door to, only to find, to her horror, that she could not open it again. Gradually the sonnd of voices died away, as the se&kers; all ran off, crylog, "She's in the oak closet! Let's go there and look!" Aud down stairs they went, making each a noiee with, their shooting and laughing that they could not bear hi-r repeated calls. •'Oh! the horror of it I" she cried, wringing her hands. "Self-imprisoned! will they never ootne back ? How shall I ever get out ?" What in this room, whioh she had never entered in her life before ? She began to tremble, with fesr, it was so dark and mysterious. Why, oh why did she come there at all ? Nota ray of light penetrated the awful darkness around her; the silence became eo intense that her vers heart throbs eeemed to fill the dreadful epF.ce. Were there Ruch things as epinte ? Sbe wondered ; if so, there might be one m this room. What wsfLtbat? Something touched her band, was sure, something that was cold anorelammy, like icy Sogers. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouched low down-on tbe floor in a perfect frenzy of terror, then gave a pier- cing ebnek and fell senseless. Tbe guest chamber in grandfather'shouse was always looked upon as something to be dreaded. There were stones t Id of a ghost who was seen to w »lfc back and forth m front of the-door, with a rusty key in his hand. Late st night membere or the family badeeen it, or. thought they bad, and each one of the servants' had been chased by it; not one of them could be induced to go into the north wing after nightfall. Of course :Bess. knew 1 all this she-had heard the story of the ghoBt many timee in her chiidhood, and bad often gone to* bei with her face hidden in Nora'e apron, lest she should meet the awful spectre. And now that she ieund herself alone io this very room, all the terror other childhood returned with redoubled force. Her shrek when she fainted had done; its.work; ii.had baen heard down- stairs.^ While, the hunt continued laughing and: shouting went on.5- when she could not be: tound everybody became sober; each face took on an anxious expression, «nd they began to aBk each other in whispers— " Where can she be ? What has happened to her ?" They were still looking when tbe terrified cry reached their ears. Walter ran' off, ehonting, ^She-must be in the igueBt' chamber" leaving the;groomi Albert; whoboGnded after him, a few steps behind. They had scarcely reached tbe door before everybody else was at their heels.' Bursting jt open, they found the poor little bride stretched on the £opr, unconscious, with Tabby, tbe cat end household pet, who had followed her unnoticed,: licking her f see and hands. So the gfcpst was only a cat, after all, and it was her cool, soft little paw, that Bess mistook for the cold, clammy hand. A little older every day The new year grows. Alas, The country is disposed to let .-• a All resolutions pass, Mistress— ,r If you don't like your plate, •what do you stay for f" Maid—"Xfer foor ehdliqgs a wake, mem," There jsno half-way -house vAetween vice sad virtue In trhichthtmeaty-nl jmtpeaejuaui sit 5own and lake a rest. Ihe man who hat sworn off should remember this, A Pullman oar cotts about £1600, and yet there «e mm who, when th«y bare paid &l; tor * «»t to we, u if Ibey a W i t Ml. 