§,zzbks. 'Short, Sharp, Shiny.' Jiiinre — 'The favorites gom' like a loco motive !' Jo;in:cie— ' Why, where is he?' Jim.mie — ' On the rails, of course.' Floods in Queensland. Serious riots in Berlin. Phylloxera in Victoria, The botfly in Victoria. A mill burnt at Otago. Sudden death at Milang. Wool prices maintained. An abortive bomb outrage. Fatal accident at Port Pirie. Sudden death at Wilmington. Railway accident in .Victoria. Envoys shot in Matabaleland. Petersburg races on March 14. Another unloaded gun goes off. Destructive fires in the country. Lobengula promised protection. King Alexander quits Belgrade. Outbreak of tuberculosis at Orroroo. Military service shortened in Europe. Typhoid fever increasing in Victoria. A Sydney sprinter leaves for America. An old Northern Territory resident dead. Mount Gambier is to have freezing^ works. Working men's blocks wanted at Flinders. Several specks of gold found at Angipena. A lion-tamer has had a lively time at Laura. General Mellinet. of the French army, ia dead. Sydney is starting an inebriate retreat for women. , ... ?ri.. rtiiimi T-nm1 family are hi vine a nicn The Eurdekin River at Townsville is flooded. ^ old time. , Victoria is shipping 220 tons of cheese to England. Adelaide cyclists hud a run to Woodside on ^littSboy in Auckland, N.Z., choked by a plumstone. King Alexander of Servia has ekipped from Slow 'progress being made with the Port Victor bore. . , The dispute at the Last Chance mine has been settled. . Subscriptions are still coming m for the Symonds fund. . , The May series of wool saUa limited to 400,000 bales. , . Four new hundreds h%ve been proclaimed on the west coast. At the London woo! sales 51,000 bales have been sold to data. Great preparation is betqg made for the coming elections. ... The R.M.S. Orotava takes 11 tons of silver ingots to England. Broken Hill has been struck out of theiSew market Handicap. Legislative Council candidates are preparing for the campaign. . The cyaaide process is favored in the Vic toiian gold mines. Kangaroo Island may Boon be the Paraguay of South Australia. Hundreds of houses engulfed by an earth quake in Mongolia. Orestes has been etruek out of the ]Sew market Handicap. ,,._,-, Engineer Allen, of H.M.S. Koyalist, died suddenly at Albany. Tho residents of WarnerSown want 100 acres for a recreation ground. An Easter encampment on a modihed ecale is to be held this year. _ . Those agricultural statistics should be collected by the State. . Three-quarters of an ounce for one days work at Waukaringa. . Victorians want to annex our chairman of Railway Commissioners. The railway' resenno for the week ended J&nuary; 20 was £21,227. Over 1,000 gold mines have been selected and registered in ftlatabeleland. The British forces in Africa have killed 250 Blavers and freed 400 Biaves. The labor delegates in Sydney were enter tained at a picnic yesterday. The New South Wales Minister of Lands baa apologised and resigned. The Russian Government are strengthening The Intercolonial Postal Conference will be held this year in New Zealand. A youth aged 15 committed for trial in Sydney on a charge of burglary. Australian preserved milk ha3 arrived in 'England in excellent condition. New Zealand revenue returns promise a surplus of £200,000 for the year. Don't miss seeing Napoleon's ghost and the fairy fountain ab the Cyclorama. The gold exnort from West Australia for the December quarter was 2G.330 oz. Arrangements have beea completed for the establishment of a cyanide plant. Alf Reed could not force Guardfish into a placo in the Steeple on Saturday. Rains have followed the intense heat in New South Wales and Queensland. The treatment of sulphides is being carried on satisfactorily at the South mine. Good oopper ore is being broken down in the big shaft of the New North mine. About S.000 boxes of butter will be taken by the Orotava from Australia to- day. The Government Geologist has found good gold prospects at Mount Kingston. The chief engineer of H.M.S. Royalist died suddenly in Albany on Sunday last. General Mellinet was especially noted for his services during the Crimean war. Gunny Khan stated that he couldn't tell the truth unless he had hifi turban on. The barque Jennie Barker sprung a leak at sea and had to put back to Newcastle. A trial shipment of frozen pork will be sent from Victoria to England next month. One hundred and twenty of the unemployed are willing to form a village settlement. The Customs receipts from July 1 to January 20 amounted to £2SS,000 19s. 4d. A young woman in Melbourne knocked down by a bicycle had her Bkull fractured. Fifteen hundred sovereigns obtained from a Sydney bank by means of a forged cheque. Gunny Khan, an Afghan, was allowed to keep his turban on in court on Wednesday. A most refreshing sight on a summer night is the Enchanted Fountain at the Cyolorama. The Earl of Elgin, the new Viceroy of India, has met with a brilliant reception at Bombay. A boy in Perth pushed his little sister into the sea and has been arrested for manslaughter. The boiler of a railway engine burst at the JBiogfroffl station, Victoria, on Saturday night. ? Signor Bragato says the vineyards- in the Kara Kara shire, Victoria, ire free from phyl loxera. It is proposed to expand £200,000 in develop ing the ooalfield recently discovered at Port Jackson. Mr. Copeland, who recently resigned as Minister of Lands in New South Wales, is to retain office. A Bill for a railway to Coolgardie will be introduced in the West Australian Parliament next session. Mr. W. H. Burford has been 56 years in South Australia, never having left it since his first arrival. The economies made by the Victorian Minister of Education in his department total about £70,000. The steamer Bullarra left Fremantle en Thursday, taking away gold of the declared value of £21,526. There are 450 names registered on the un employed list at the office of the Commissioner of Public Works. The period of compulsory military service in Europe is to be limited to one year instead of two or three years. Enormous yieldf? of wheat on the Werribee Park Estate in Victoria ; 70 bushels to the acre in some places. Mr. P. McM. Glynn has declined to contest the North-Eastern district election for the Legislative Council. The Indian Government have refused to acquiesce in a proposal for the imposition of an import duty on silver. It is asserted that the Pope has the bulk of the Pontifical funds invested in Great Britain, ' in banks and house property.' Mrs. J. Mott, eeuior, celebrated her birbh d»y anniversary at Macclesfield recently, when she reached the age of 104 years. South Australia will probably be repre sented at the Postal Conferanoe by the Minister of Education and the Postmaster Geusai, ... \- «.jrrrT I .i:1 