? MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS. Borough Op Shelliiarbor. The annual election of three aldermon to take tho place of the threo retiring ones in the Shellharbor Borough Council came off on Tuesday. There wore five candidates nominated namely — Mr. Levi Raison, Yellow Rock, who had three nominations ; M r. Lout's R. Mood, Albion Jrark ; Mr. J ohn liartleit, Albion Park j Mr. John Gordon Hicks, Shell harbor j and Mr. Alexander Fraser, Albion Park. Tho first-named three were the retiring aldermen, bub before the polling day Mr. Bartlett withdrew his nomination, in favor, as others stated, of Mr. Fraser. Mr. Baitlett himself said ho never desired to go into 'the Council ; he did not care about being there, and it was a happy release to withdraw. On the other hand many of the ratepayers said he was an excellent alderman, inasmuch as he was always travelling over most of the roads of the borough and had a keen eye for any fj W..V* lCri.Uii Ul right. During Tuesday, whilst the poll ing was going on, there was very little apparent excitement) and no unusual or noteworthy demonstrating, but, judging from conversations, there was a great deal of interest taken in the election and the result of the poll. Four good men were left in, and the query on every hand was — Who is to bo the defeated candidate? The polling booths were: The Council Chamber, Aliiion .Park, where Alderman Mathio (the Returning Officer) was the presiding officer and Mr. J. D. Hoy (Council Clerk) was tho poll clerk ; Shellharbor, where Alderman J. Thomas was the presiding officer and Mr. J. D. Hoy, jun , was the poll clerk ; Dunmore, where Alderman T. Armstrong was the presiding officer and Mr. Alf. Couch was the poll clerk ; Tullimbar, where Alder man Wm. Fryer was the presiding officer and Mr. Wm. Rogan was the poll clerk. Tho nnllincr rpanlhorl no fnllnwn ? ? Albion Shell- Dun- Tullim Purk harbor more bar Total Hicks 58 83 52 14 207 Mood 114 13 24 25 176 Fraser 109 16 5 20 150 Raison 77 13 17 16 123 At Tullimbar there were no plumpers. At Albion Park there were 2 for Mr. Fraser and 4 for Mr. Mood. At Shell harbor there were 58 for Mr. Hicks, and at Dunmore he received 26 plumpers. There were no plumpers for Mr. Raison at any booth. The votes were counted in the Council Chamber at Albion Park by the Returning Officer, Aldermen Armstrong and Fryer, and Messrs. Hoy, sen., Rogan,. and Couch. There are 278 voters in the municipality, with an average of 2 votes each, and it was stated that in some parts of the borough a great many of the ratepayers had not voted. To hear the result of the poll announced most of the leading men in the Park, and many from other parts of the borough, as well as the aldermen and ex-aldermen, assembled in front of the Council Chamber. Mr. Hicks topping the poll was as great a surprise to all as ? .u„ at- qu,.!1 harbor and Dunmore, however, had con sidered that they were not numerically strong enough in the Council to effect their desires, and they have been under the impression that they were the ' de spised and rejected ' of the Park and the western side ; thab they were sup posed to be dead, and that they were consequently neglected. Hence the plumpers came about, they being an ex pression of the determination on the part principally of the more youthful rate payers of the Shellharbor and Dunmore localities to protest against being re garded by the Park as a cast-off and effete parent, or as a child who is no longer a favorite, and therefore not noticed. But the defeib of M r. Raison is remarkable, for he has been in the Council about 20 yeara and twice chosen Mayor. By men of judgment and per ception he has been regarded as an excep tionally excellent and able alderman, being one of the most agreeable workers who ever sat in the Council. Mr. Mood has sat 9 years as an alderman, but Messrs. Fraser and Hicks, though both will undoubtedly be good men for the position, have not hitherto had a seat in the Council. It is said in the Park that Mr. Raison opposed a band playing on the ground at the recent Albion Park show, and that friends of the musicians and lovers of open-air music decided to have long memories, the result of their mindfulness and displeasure contributing to Mr. Raison's defeat. At about 5.30 p.m., in the Agricul tural Society's pavilion, the Returning Officer announced the result of the poll, and referred to the plumpers, after which he invited tho candidates to address the assembled ratepayers, whoso feelings of surprise, joy, consternation, pleasure, and bewilderment were so mixed that there was no applause, and the silence was painful. Alderman Hicks said he had very opposite feelings passing through him at that moment. He felt it a great pleasure to be elected to a seat in their Council, and at the same time — he was going to say — he had a feeling of dis gust. He did feel ashamed at having so many plumpers recorded in his favor. (Hear, hear.) It was a system he had never adopted himself, and he did not like to see others adopt it. It was a system he would do all he could to abolish. However, the ratepayers had done all they could to elect him to the Council, and he would not go in for revolutionising matters, because he knew Shellharbor had always had a fair share of intelligent and honorable men in the Council. As far back . as he could remember it had been r common saying that the roads in the Shollharbor muni cipality were the best in the Illawarra district. Latterly their roads had not been so good as formerly. This was perhaps owing partly to the heavy traffic on them during the construction of the railway through the district, and also partly to the wet seasons they had had of late, and which had been very detrimental to the roads. Perhrps it would be better to have fewer drains about the roads, because he noticed that the drains in many places did more harm than the traffic upon the v ads. With reference to the plumpers that had been recorded for him, it. had been hinted to bin* that a good many of the ratepayers did not intend to split their votes. He told them he was not pleased, and that it was not a fair way of voting. They replied that they wero anxious to ensure his return, and that unless they plumped for him bo might not have a ghost of a show either now or next year. However, the system of plumping ought to be abolished. He would do all he could to expend their rates to the best advantage, in conjunc tion with the other aldermen, and he hoped his doings and works would give tho ratepayers satisfaction. (Applause.) Alderman Mood most heartily thanked tho ratepayers for returning him, this being tho fourth time ho had been elected to the Council. Ho was not like Alderman Hicks — a new man — for he had had 9 years' service, and what ho had done so far seemed to havo pleased the ra'cpayers. They had more traffic now than formerly, which meant, more work for the aldermen in looking after the roads. He was sorry that Mr. Raison, an old alderman who used to look after the roads well, had been defeated. He would do hid best for the ratepayers in the future. (Applause.) Alderman Fraser. said he felt very thankful to the ratepayers for having given him a place in their Council, and he hoped that when his three years were endtd they would not regret the step they had taken in placing him there. He had watched the tise and progress of the Council ever since they had had a Council, and he thought the Shellharbor Tongirra road wss bettor than any other that he knew -that : was kept ,up with municipal! funds. So far as he could ho would see that the rates were spent in a fair and equitable manner all over the borough. There were, of course, some roads and some pieces that were worse than others, and he would do what he could to get those made right. (Ap plause.) Mr. Raison said he appeared before them as a defeated candidate, but he must say that he was just as well pleased. He thanked those who had voted for him most heartily, and also those who had voted against him, for tho latter, though unintentionally, had perhaps conferred upon him a greater benefit than those who had voted for hira. He had been in the Council longer than any gentleman there, excepting, perhaps, two (Mr. Fraser and Mr. J. Brownlee), and during his long municipal career he had done what he considered was his duty. (Hear, hear.) He knew that anyone who took an active part in municipal work was bound to make enemies, whilst thoso who went on in a sleenv kind of way — between the bark and the tree — could always command supporb. What ever he went into he must go into heart and soul to make the thing a success, and he always worked at anything he undertook to the best of his ability, but if they did their public duty openly they were sure to make enemies. An old candidate in Kiama, some years ago, said he had been trying for many years to serve and please the public, but he had made up his mind that henceforth he would try to please himself. That had been his (Mr. Raison's) motto for some years past, for when he pleased himself he considered that he' ought to please the public, his own conscience being about as hard to please as any master he had got. He begged to propose a hearty vote of thanks to their worthy Return ing Officer, who was one of the fairest men they could get to conduct an elec tion such as they had had thab day. (Applause.) Ex-Alderman Bartlett seconded the motion in eulogistic terms. The vote having been accorded with acclamation, and tendered by ExAlder man Raison, The Returning Officer thanked them for the happy manner in which they had carried the motion, and said it was always a pleasure to mm to do his duty. 'Like his friend Mr. Raison he had Btudied municipal' affairs, and they Imrl r» 1 txro ttcj friar) f.r» OMAnrl fhft rofpQ fairly. There was more traffic on the roads now than formerly owing to the milk business, and it consequently took more money to keep them in repair. If they were to have better seasons he had no doubt they would have better roads, but latterly there had been wet seasons, and the Council's means had not been sufficient to enable them to keep pace with the repairs that were required. There were two classes of men who ought to be disfranchised— those who didn'b go to vote and those who plumped. The former were not worthy of a vote, or of notice, and the latter seemed to forget that they should pub in bhe besb men. (Hear, hear.) He did nob bhink half the ratepayers in Albion Park had voted. He had not looked at the other places, but the polling all round seemed very small. (Hear, hear, and applause.) Local Option Vote. The local option vote resulted -as follows : — Albion Sholl- Dun- Tullim Pnrk harbor .moro bur Total For new licenses . 25 7 8 0 40 Against do. '30 35 11 9 87 B/m'v'lsof lic'na's 27 . 10 8 1 46 Against do. 22 26 10 10 68 The majority was against either new licenses or removals. There were 12 informal local opbion vobes ab bhe Park, 10 at Shellharbor, 5 at Dunmore, and 1 at Tullimbar. 