THE LAST FIGHT IN ARMOR. The cons'ant attcmpla which are being made in our ? ay to tind protection for meu against th' «l.adlv modern rifles lend in t riet to the account of what was probably tbe last appearance in the field of men in armor. In January, 1799, a party of some 400 French he-Id the town of Aquila, in the Abruzao— a town defended by walls, and having a email wi-ak fort. Although the 1 inhabitants of the town were well disposed I towards the French, ihe peasantry, as in ! Spain, were most hostile, aud when Cham pionnet, with most of the French forces at Kome. had marched on Naples, they at ! once rose in insum-ciion. and attacked the I party holding Aquila. On January 15 the \ insurgents suddenly penetrated into the town, though they were soon driven out | again ; but in March th»\v got parlies into the town durinp the night, and drove the French into the fort. The band of peasants united for the attack amounted to some 10,000 or 32,000 men ; and, barricading the, streets, and making loopholes in the walls ! of the houses, they soon made a line of defence which the French could uot pent* i trate. On the other hand, work as -the in surgents might, they bad no artillery, and the guns of the fori prevented any assault. Thus, secure behind (heir walls, the garri son remained for some lime in quiet. On the glacis in front of the fort, and exposed to the fire of both sides, lay twelve iron guns on skidding or pieces of wood, which the French had not had time to bring into the fort. Without carriages they sjomed safe, and thy unly precaution taken was to keep two of the gu»h of the fori Jai led with grajHJ laid on th«-m during - ach night, with a gunner ready to tire on hearing the nois*: any attempt to move the piece would occa One night the gunner on guard hearing a noise near the guns, tired one of his pieces, but the sound conliuued. The officer of the artillery ran to the spot and again tired ; yet still the sound did not cease, though it seemed to get further off. NothiDg could be done but to wait for da light, and thou it wa6 seen that the insur-;..*MB had plac9d a capstan in a house n» ar the gun6. and then had led a rope from it to make fast lo the breech and to the trunnionb of one of the coveted guDB on the gliiei^. Bound went the capstan, and the gun obj «:d ihe rope at first, but its breich, dragging along the ground without rollers under ii. eoon made a furrow which became so deep as to stop iis movemcntjiftcr the insurgents liaigol i( some 10 pacts nearer th«.m. li was a cluv. r trick, but done by a man not learned iu artillery matters, for had the guu been arranged for parbuckling — Le., rolling — the work should have been easy enough. How ever, the Frcnch, looking anxiously over their parapets, were as much pu?.zlcd what to do as the besiegers. ] First they turned their guns on the house to which the rope passed, and when they had smashed its wall, they saw the capstan had been placed in a cellar, and (hat for the j {wesent at least the fallen wall made it USe CSS. A great part of the life of an artillery officer is 6pent in making or in checking in ventories of the 6torcs in the magazines iu his. charge, a large proportion of which ar.. generally obsolete oddities, rcosi useful to some former generation whose wars have long ended, but becoming more and more formidable puzzles to euecce'ing military generations each year th'-. lie in s'or.-. ? Boulart, lb'* officer of ar.i'l ry. rar.sieldnj' his brains for the in- an* of b-n ing oui men to fpikc the guns on tin- gliici.-. uivJer the fire of the iusurgen'f- hum th- lj.igli boring housis, suddenly reim mUred lie had 6een in his magazine some suits of plalv armor, and he proposed lo try wh^thuj. protected by them, men could not sally out and work in security Tinder musketry flre. He got together twelve complete suits, and dressed out twelve gunners nnd granadiers, thus selecting big men,' be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way. and from thcncc and from the fort opened a sUadv lire of mus ketry and of artillery on the lines of the in surgents. Then out marched the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's 6tatc of wiuil when iic complained he had not prove d liis armor. The men carricel handspikes, hummers, and spikes. Moving, naturally, slowly and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they com pleted thou* work under ft hail of bullet a irom the insurgent s. The scene is described, as wc can well believe, to have been most remarkable, and to have had something picturesque and also diabolical about it. As the mailed figures moved in silence amongst tbc guns, their handspikes looking like maces, their silence and the slowness of their action seemed unnatural under the steady hail of bullets. Tho insurgents were believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth thes? extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the rampart «. true to their nature, .the lirst moment of ; anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter. Not only did the men succeed in spiking the gun 6. but they even weut as far as the housj where the capstan had been nlaced, cut the rone, and brought it into the fort. Then tlu-y returned in triumph, for though they had been struck many times, yet only one man had been wounded in his arm, and that because the piece of the armor, the braesart, which should have protected the limb, haj been wrongly | fastcncdTand had fallen otf. After this the ! si- ge became a mere blockade until March 23, when a relieving fore1: arrived, and the ! insurgents, taken between them aud the garrison, were driven off. 