SPIRITUALS & THEOSOPHY A NOTE OF WARNING, At the Prahran Town Hall on Sunday evening last Mr. A. G Danieils gave a most interesting address, which specially dealt with Spiritualism and Theophosy. He based his remarks on the words found in 2nd Timothy, 3rd chap., 8th verse : — 'Now as Jannes and Jambrea with stood, Moses, so do these also resist '' the trnth ? men at Anrrnnt minds 'reprobate concerning the faith.' Mr. Danielle first quoted the first verse of the chapter, to show to what time the words referred, viz the last days, when perilous times shall come. What would make the time perilous ? The apostle said men should be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affections, &e.; The resisting of the truth would also be one of the things that would make the last times perilous. The speaker showed how ia olden times men withstood Moses, so would it be in the last days. In the 18th chap. Deutronomy, beginning at the 19th verse, they would find what the kind of power men had, a witch, a wizard and other things being named. A wizard was a man who pretended to call up and have communication with the dead, and a witch was a woman who did tbe same. There were in timeB past those who said they held intercourse with unseen beings. The history of Egypt would show thun exactly what was carried on. Jannes and Jambres were sorcerers, and it was from unBeen agents that they had their power. Scientists had examined into this spiritualism and said, ' there was something in it' and so there was, but it was one of the greatest deceptions of the present day. There was no truth in the belief in the consciousness cf the dead, and that they came back to communicate with friends. The Bible tells us that all this magic and witchcraft was to continue, and that in the last days it would play an important part in deceiving the people. In Isaiah 8th chap, and tbe 12th verse, a confederacy was spoken of, and there were things described in the 19th verse that they were not to have intercourse with — familiar spirits, wizards, &c.; But what were they to do ? They were to bind up the testimony and seal the law. The seal had been taken away. The Sabbaih had been taken away and another day put in its place. God says 'Restore that seal, bring back the Sabbath,' and at the very time we are to do that. He says a great confederacy is being formed on the earth, and He says ' Don't you join it.' Mr. Danielis then said that it was not the spirits of the dead, but the devil that they communicated with, and from him this confederacy received wisdom, knowledge, or power. Some said ' Well we have passed the age of sorcery, and witchcraft.' Were they sure of that?' Had they not read Mr. Steads article on ghosts and spooks? The fact was the land was full of witches, but they had taken a more safe name, for there was a bad odour attached to the name witch. The devil was at the head of it, and had put a new dress on it, and called it by the name of spiritualism, and witches he called mediums. Words more pleasing and not so superstitious wera now used. To whom do the spiritualists go for their light and knowledge ? Did they go to God ? Did they take the Bible? No! they did not, they went to the medium and asked tbe medium to bring np tli9 spirits of certain dead friends. They did many things truly marvellous, and miraculous, that had baffled men and it bad gained millions of adherents because it was so wonder ful and mysterious in its working. It is said that at the present rime there are more spiritualists in the United States than Catholics and Protestants put together, and there are more mediums than there are clergymen and priests. A few years ago spiritualism was almost at a stand still, bnt at the present time it has been revived with wonderful power, and he thought theosophy had revived it. Theosophy was another name for modem spiritualism, modern spiritual ism was another name for ancient witchcraft and sorcery, consequently theosophy was only a revival of witch craft and sorcery. In a little book published by the Theosophists and entitled ' Theosophy made easy ' it said — *' To sum up, Theosophy links 'in a marvellous manner into one ' continuous whole the various systems *? of religion. . . anditaimsataunivers&l; ' brotherhood.' Now, in all the writings of TheosopbiatB that one thought was kept before the reader — that it was that which would unite the whole world together in one great con federacy. The secretary of the Theo sophists in England says 'that when ' Spiritualism opposes Theosophy it is ' because the former does not nuder ' stand what the latter is, for there .is 'much in common between the two, ' and I do not see why there should *' be any antagonism between them.' He also says ' It is a matter of history 'that tbe Theosophical Society drew its ''first adherents from the ranks of ' Spiritualists and that it has continued 'to be -recruited almost if not entirely ' from Spiritualists.' Theosophy was brought from India — it is heathenism pure and simple, but it is spiritualism Abo pure end simple. Tbe bead of heathenism is Satan and the head of spiritualism and of theosophy is the same, they all go together. Now why did he refer to this ? He did it because of the danger that the whole world was in at the present time with reference to this question. They might think that a sweeping statement, bat he «poke cautiously and advisedly, and it was their duty as individuals who were studying the Scriptures to make this matter plain. Theosophical societies were being organised in all parts of the world; and the work was going with a wonderful power. It was . coming right here to Australia. Daring this year Theo spphiste had begun the publication of a journal devoted to thin matter, and they had arranged lor 'His, Annie Besaot, who was called by the Age the High Priestess of this ism— 4o be here in the month of August. They »wr* making; every effort to extend thUJsto, widhetT»t«dtotellth«mttiatitwould ? cause a great flutter here in Australia. Lots of people who would shudder to go to mediums ware however meeting with these people, and were thinking they were getting something tnat would do them good. Let them turn to Bev. 16th chap, and 13th verse, and there they would find they had three unclean spirits, and the next verse said these spirits were devils. The dragon represented paganism, the beast the papacy, and the false prophet apostate protestantism and what had they got beside. It wae a very small company he could tell them. In the last days there would come these unclean spirits that wonld work miracleB to deceive the whole world, and gather them to the battle of that Great Day of God Almighty. Where did Theosophy come from t From India, and it was going to Christians lands and heathenizing faster than Christians were Christianiz ing them. The dead were not called U|S &FJT; UIICOC |#GUfJiO, IUQ UOOD UL U4UI and the witch of Endor .illustrated tbe whole thing. Did they think it was Samuel that was called up ! Did God permit that sort of thing ? Oh I no it was the devil who presented himself as an angel of light. He urged them to be on tbeir guard, give theosophy and spiritualism a wide berth, for its attar was an altar of rebellion against God at the present time . Let them realize the value of truth and let them walk in the light that God had given them. He had- tried to speak calmly and soberly, and he would that tbe spirit of God would kelp .hem to take their stand, that they might be decided now, and be enabled to take their stand against this evil. 