NOVEL, MRS. ROMNEY. BY ROSA CAREY. CHAPTER XII. ' WILL YOU DO ME A FAVOR ?' What, what, what ! ill luck, ill luck ! —Merchant of Venice. Elsie returned to her room that night in a sorely perplexed frame of mind. In spite of her youth and ignorance of the world, she could no longer shut her eyes to the fact that some strange secret was con- nected with the mysterious visit of this young girl, and that notwithstanding Mrs Romney's seeming frankness she was not acting in a perfectly straightforward manner. Eva was no ordinary protegee, no mere re- cipient of a large-hearted bounty, Elsie was quite sure of that : the passionate tenderness of Mrs. Romney's tones still rang in her ears : ' You must not lose courage, darling ! think what a comfort you are to me !' and again. ' Poor child ! my poor frightened little Eva !' Why was she so anxious to shield her from her husband's notice ? what could all this secrecy mean ? and why was Oliver her con- fidant ? It was this latter point that troubled her. Oliver was surely the last person in the world to give his sanction or countenance to any unworthy concealment ; in her heart Elsie knew that she could trust him blindly, but all the same the mystery fretted and baffled her. It was no use going to bed ; she was far too wide awake. For a long time she waited, hoping that Mrs. Romney would come to her and offer some sort of explanation for her extraordinary behaviour ; but more than an hour passed and she gave no sign. She tried to read, but the least sound attracted her attention and made her lay down the book. Why was Oliver sitting up so late ? he generally went to bed long before this. She could hear the Squire going his rounds and then footsteps passed her door, to her relief, Oliver was with him : she could distinctly hear his voice, lowered purposely so as not to disturb her. ' Good night, old fellow ; pleasant dreams to you ;' but the Squire's reply was not audible. Elsie took the book again : she was not sleepy yet, and she might as well finish the chapter ; it proved interesting, and she read another, and then she gave a sudden start ; footsteps were passing her door again the door opposite unclosed softly. A sudden overwhelming curiosity made Elsie open hers and the subdued sound of voices reached her ear. Who could be talking at this late hour? Was Harry ill, and had his nurse summoned Mrs. Romney ? This thought made Elsie venture out into the corridor, but the nursery door was fast shut, and the sound proceeded evidently from the staircase. The next moment she was peeping over the balustrade. To her intense chagrin, she saw Mrs. Romney, still in her evening dress, with a shawl thrown over her, talking to Oliver. But it was Oliver's appearance that sur prised her most. He had changed his clothes, and was in his light tweed morning suit, and his hat was in his hand. It was long past midnight, and yet he was going out. Elsie could bear no more, and, without stopping to consider what they would think of her, she ran noiselessly down the stairs. Mrs. Romney gave a faint shriek when she saw the little white figure flash suddenly into light, but Oliver, with hardly a change of countenance, put out his hand to her. He looked grave and more impassive than ever. ' What is the matter ?' asked Elsie, breath- lessly. ' Why are you going out ? Is any one ill ?' and then, as Oliver did not at once reply, she turned to Mrs. Romney a little angrily : ' Why are you sending him out ? It is your fault. You are always makinh him do things, and he does not like it.' ' Why should you interfere, Elsie ? You will spoil everything. Go to bed, like a good girl, and leave me to manage my own busi- ness Oliver is doing me a great kindness : he is a dear good fellow.' Mrs. Romney spoke excitedly, but there was no temper in her tone : she was putting Elsie off as though she were a child, and the girl resented it. ' It is cruel of you to send him out in the middle of the night ! What is the reason of all this mystery ?—Oliver, why don't you answer me ? I have a right to know. You are not treating me well, you and Mrs. Romney.' ' No, darling, we are not, and you have every right to reprove us.' And Oliver tightened his hold of the little hands, and looked at her quietly. ' Catherine, you are making trouble between me and Elsie with these foolish mysteries : you are risking not only your own peace, but ours. Let me put a stop to it by telling her the truth.' ' Not to-night ! oh, no, Oliver ! I have your promise, and I cannot release you to- night ! If Elsie loves you she will trust you. Why are you wasting time with all this nonsense ? At any moment Romney may wake and miss me. And she almost wrung her hands with impatience. ' You hear what Catherine says, Elsie : she will not allow me to clear myself.' But Elsie, touched to the heart by the suppressed pain of his voice' interrupted him : ' Don't look so troubled, Oliver. It is not your fault ; I am sure of that. Nothing shall make mischief between us. I trust you ; I know you are true as steel. There, go, go, if you must.' And she was turning away, but he caught her almost passionately in his arms. ' I will never forget this ! Thanks a thousand times, my darling, my loyal darling ! Come and let me out at the con- servatory door, Catherine, and let me get this business over Go back to your room, Elsie, and sleep as sweetly as you deserve to sleep.' Elsie retraced her steps, and went swiftly to her window : it overlooked the path that led from the conservatory. The next moment Oliver passed, and waved his hand in recognition, but he did not speak. She stood there for a few moments lost in thought, until the sound of her own door opening made her turn her head as Mrs. Romney came hurriedly into the room. She looked pale and worried, and spoke in a hesitating manner : ' I am very sorry, Elsie. I would not pain you or Oliver for worlds, but I cannot help myself to-night. You were very dear and good to him, and he has gone off quite happily. You are a generous-hearted girl.' Elsie drew up her white chin a little proudly. ' Nothing can make me distrust Oliver,' she said, coldly. Mrs. Romney looked at her rather sadly. ' No, you only distrust me ; you think I have no right to have secrets from my husband. Ah, you cannot judge. One day perhaps you will be more lenient. I cannot stop now, Elsie ; Romney may wake any minute. He thinks I am with Harry ; the child was a little feverish to night so I told him I should not undress yet. I wish you could have said something kind to me : my heart is heavy enough as it is.' And here she suddenly broke down and sobbed in a distressing manner. ' Oh, my poor head !' she said, ' my poor tired head !' and she laid it against the dressing-table. This sudden loss of self-control frightened Elsie, and, forgetting her own grievances, she knelt down by Mrs. Romney and begged her to be calm, and in a few minutes she raised her head and began drying her eyes ' No, it is no use crying ; nothing can relieve me to-night. I have a dead weight here, Elsie,' touching her chest, ' a sickening dead weight, and it hurts me. Things are coming to a crisis, and I shall be undone. I have done no wrong in my Maker's eyes, but all the same I shall be undone. There, let me go : you are very kind, but it is im- possible for you to help me. If it were not for Oliver I should go mad.' ' I am very sorry for you,' returned Elsie, mechanically ; but Mrs. Romney made no answer : she stood for a moment with the shawl dropping from her shoulders and leaving her white neck uncovered, so that Elsie could see the piteous quivering in the muscles of the throat. Then she turned silently to the door, opened and then closed it noiselessly, and Elsie was left alone. The air had become damp and chilly, and the candles were getting in the draught. Elsie hastily undressed, and extinguished them. She meant to lie awake and watch for Oliver's return, but before ten minutes had elapsed she was fast asleep, and only the maid's busy movements about her room roused her the next morning. The first person she saw when she went down-stairs was Oliver. He came out of the conservatory with some roses, his usual morning offering to his young betrothed, and put them in her hand silently. Elsie looked at him rather anxiously : he seemed fagged and tired. ' Were you out long, Oliver ?' she whispered. ' I have only just returned,' was his reply. ' Don't wait for me, Elsie : I must have my tub before breakfast. Mrs. Romney is in there,' pointing to the dining-room ; and he hurried off, to prevent further questions. Mrs. Romney was sorting the letters at the side table. She beckoned quickly to Elsie. She looked as though she had not slept all night, and her voice spoke of some terrible strain. ' Elsie, will you do me a favor ? It is urgent. Think of something you need in Draycott, that you must have without fail, and ask me to drive you in. Hush ! I hear Romney's voice.' And she turned again to the letters. ' I must have some more yellow floss silk for my work, and I can only match it my- self,' returned Elsie, very naturally, as the Squire entered, but she stifled a sudden im- patience as she spoke. More mysteries, more underhand plans : she was growing weary of them. ' I suppose one can match silks in Draycott ?' ' Oh, dear, yes. I will drive you there as soon as I have given cook her orders.' ' Eh, what ? shopping again, Mrs. Kitty ? Why should you fash yourself with driving into Draycott this hot morning ? Elsie can go with me in the dog-cart. I have nothing on earth to do, and you have had a bad night with Harry.' ' A drive will do me good, Romney,' pleaded his wife, ' will it not, Elsie ? There is nothing like fresh air for picking one up.' ' That is what I always say,' returned Elsie, quickly. ' A good ride after a ball does one all the good in the world. I hope you will come with me, Mrs. Romney, for I want your advice about a smock for Harry ; I have promised to make him one.' Mrs Romney flashed a grateful look at her, and her hand trembled as she poured out the coffee. ' I should like to come with you, dear,' she said, gently ; and the Squire, who was in a high good humor over his letters, only rallied her for her obstinacy and self-will, and the subject dropped until Oliver entered the room, when the Squire casually obterved that the ladies were driving in to Draycott. Oliver fixed his eyes inquiringly on his sister-in- law, but she gave him a quick sign, and he asked no questions until he found himself alone with Elsie. ' Are you sure you do not mind, Elsie ?' ' I mind very much, was he candid answer : ' I hate the very name of Draycott ; but Mrs. Romney begged me to do her this favor. Oh, I hope we shall not be long.' ' I am afraid you will, poor little Elsie. You are being martyred between us. I never as I saw you last night : I must tell you that now, darting ' And Oliver man- aged to say a good deal more, until Elsie's cheek burnt with his praises, and she drove off blushing like a rose and quite oblivious of Mrs. Romney's harassed looks. Neither of them felt any inclination for conversation, and not a word was spoken until the tower of St Mary's came in sight, and then Mrs. Romney leaned forward in thes wagonette and said, hurriedly. ' I have asked Archer to put me down at the corner of Church Street. You can do your chopping without me, I know. Be as long as you can Why not go to the library and order some new books ? Do not come for me for at least an hour. I will join you as soon as I am ready ' Elsie nodded, and proceeded to carry out her instructions ; but she never found it so difficult to while away an hour. She matched her silks, and then went to the library ; then she discovered that she was hungry and would like a bun, and Archer had orders to drive her to the best confec- tioner's. She had provided herself with an ice and a Bath bun, when her enjoyment was marred by the entrance of Mr. Lockhart : he spied her at once, and a beaming smile came over his face. ' Well, this is luck !' he said, exultingly, as he shook hands. ' I was looking out for you ladies. I called at the Frythe to see if I could do any errands for any one, and the Squire volunteered to drive in with me ; he is at the club, reading the papers, but he told me to took out for the wagonette, as he means to drive back with you. What have you done with Mrs. Romney ?' ' She has some business. I shall call for her presently,' stammered Elsie. ' When did you say the Squire would be ready for us ?' ' Oh, in about a quarter of an hour. You are to drive to the club for him. By the bye, Miss Vaughan, I met Miss Poole in Hart Street,' and here the little man's face became alarmingly pink : ' she looked like a ghost, and seemed as down as possible ; that step- mother at hers had been bullying her. I suppose,' clearing his throat with difficulty, ' that Mrs Romney has not invited her again to the Frythe ; it would do her a world of good, I am quite sure of that.' ' I will tell Mrs. Romney what you say : Miss Poole is a great favorite of hers, and she is always to sorry for her. She is a very nice girl. I like her very much.' Elsie hardly knew what she said ; she was dying to get rid of Mr. Lockhart, but the little man stuck to her pertinaciously. He plied her with questions ; did she not think Miss Poole an exceedingly amiable person, intelligent too ? oh, yes he was quite sure that she was in- telligent ; she read Carlyle and Ruskin, and then she was devoted to poetry, and—well, he must confess he had a sneaking fancy for the old-fashioned poets himself—Pope's ' Rape of the Lock,' for example, could any thing be more racy and delightful than Belinda's toilet ? He begged pardon ; he feared he was delaying Miss Vaughan ; for Elsie had at last risen in desperation. ' I most go. I shall be late ' she said, hurriedly. ' Please do not come with me Mr. Lockhart. But Rab was not to be shunted in that way ; he handed Elsie into the wagonette with elaborate politeness, and stood bareheaded on the pavement until he received her parting smile. Elsie could only hope that her direction to drive to Church Street was not overheard. She looked up at the market clock as they drove past : in six or seven minutes the Squire would be standing in front of the club, looking out for them. There was only one thing to do : she must go herself to No. 27 and warn Mrs. Romney ; there was no other course open to her ; and directly the wagonette stopped she let herself out and ran down the street. The door was open. Elsie knocked softly, and then louder, but, to her supprise, no one came ; and after a minute's irresolution she stepped into the narrow passage and peeped into the shabby little sitting-room. It was quite empty, and looked as though it had been unoccupied for weeks : the colored anti- macassars hung in faultless folds ; some smart-looking books were ranged at equal distances round the centre-table ; no one seemed moving about the kitchen except a black cat, who mewed at Elsie in rather a dismal fashion, but a faint creaking over head attracted her attention. Elsie was at her wits' end ; but at last, in desperation, she began to ascend the narrow steep-flight of stairs. As she did so, the shabby frayed druggeting attracted her at- tention : the people who lived here must be dreadfully poor, she thought ; but the next moment she gave a violent start. Mrs. Romney's voice sounded quite close to her : it proceeded from a room just opposite the staircase. ' Give me the wine, Eva : he is getting faint again. Oh, why, why does not Dr. Evans come ? Father, father dear, you must drink this : it is Catherine who is giving it to you.' Elsie held her breath and crept to the door. That agonized voice made her shiver. Mrs. Romney's back was towards her : she was kneeling beside the bed, and supporting a gray-haired man in her arms. Elsie had a glimpse of the worn, emaciated features, then Eva's fair head obstructed her view. ' Drink it, daddy,' she said, in a sobbing voice, but a wasted hand waved it away. ' It is poisoned ' returned the invalid, in a hollow voice. ' She said she would do for me. She is the curse of my life, and she is killing me slowly every day. Catherine,' rousing up with fitful energy, ' don't let her come here ; hide me away from her. And hide Eva, too : she is cruel to Eva ; I saw the bruises on the child's arm myself. When she drinks she is like a fury, and she hates us both.' ' There is no one here, father, but Eva and your own Kitty. No one shall hurt you, never again, never again. ' He shall wipe the tears off from all faces, do you remember those words, dear ? from yours, from mine when in His good time I shall have earned my rest. See, I am tasting the wine, and it is good, for it comes from my husband's cellar. Now you will take it, like a dear good father, for your poor Catherine's sake.' ' Mrs. Romney,' Elsie's voice almost breathed into her ear, and Mrs. Romney's white face turned on her full of startled in dignation. ' You here ? How dare you intrude on my privacy ?' Her voice was purposely lowered, but her gray eyes flashed with anger. The old man clutched her convulsively : ' Who is that, Catherine ? Send her away. I will see no one.' ' It is a friend, father,' her voice melting into tenderness. ' She has a good heart, and will not do us any harm. Go away, Elsie. Elsie. You see how it is : I cannot and will not leave my father.' (to be continued.) The temptation to profess philanthropy is becoming very strong. It is the religion of the hour, in many departments of life no one can rise fast without it, it is saturating literature, and its opponents, if there are any left, are liable to obloquy of the most painful kind. They are detested alike by the good and by the mob.—Spectator. When the Baconians can show that Ben Jonson was either a fool or a knave, or that the whole world of players and playwrights of that time was in a conspiracy to palm off on the ages the most astonishing cheat in history, they will be worthy of serious atten- tion.—Henry Irving. When men begin to think the world a chaos in which individual caprice has just as much right to be gratified as the equally capricious wish of the many, we shall certainly have more and more illustrations of this perfect indifference to the censure of others and more and more nonchalance in place of what need to be felt, and is still felt in multitudes of minds as the pangs of re- morse.—Spectator. ' There are no failures like the failures of the born artist—witness poor Mr. Gilbert's fountain in Piccadilly-circus. Mr. Gilbert knows that his fountain is quite hopeless. I am sure that he tells his cabman to avoid Piccadilly-circus. I am sure that he prays morning and evening for the dynamiter. How pathetic are the failures of the born artist !—George Moore. 