Told by an Engine-driver. Yankees are mighty 'cote cbaps, sir—in tbeir own estimation, at any rate. They recon they can lick creation—take the shine out oi every other country on the face of the globe—and they don't forget to let you know it either. But I rather fetched one of them once in a quiet, English sort of way. This is bow it happened :— I was standing by my engine in the Lime Street Station one day, waiting to take the express to Crewe. We had got up steam, the last wheel was oiled, every spot and speck of dirt had been rubbed off, find I tell you the engine looked real beautiful, for I was very fond of her, and took considerable pride in her fine appearance. Well up comes along the platform as ornery a specimen of a Yank as ever I clapped eyes on—and I've seen a good many of 'cm ou that same plat form. " Wal, stranger," said he (and the middle-class rank does talk this way, and through his nose too) " this caravan's bound for the big village, ain't it ?" "This is the Londen express," said 1. " I suppose this is the piece of scrap iron you drag it with ?" said he, pointing towards the boiler. " Part of the way," said I, rather dryly. I didn't like his cool cheek. " Wal, I recon we kin give you points in steam-ingins on the other tide of the herring pond," said he with a leathery griu. " Your engines look bigger with tbeir cow catchers and platforms and funnels and things, but they don't go as fast as ours," said I. " You bet they do, though. I guess any of 'em will travel right away from that old piece of scrap iron of yourn—just a few!" and with a leer on his long face, he turned away. I was mad at the fellow's impudence, and began to think how 1 could pay him off. A good idea suddenly struck me, and 1 spoke to a porter that I knew :— •• Look here Jim, will you do me a favour, and I'll stand you a quart of beer?" •' All right, Tom. Wbat is it ?" "You see that lankey chap there? Well, he's an impudent dog, and I want to take some of the conceit out of him. There's not many passengers, so just put him into a compartment by himself in the last carriage, and loosen the couplings a bit, sec?" " I'll lis it," said Jim with a wink; and off he went. Wall, I tell you, sir, that was one of Webb's compound engines, and she could travel : and when we got fairly started, didn't I make her fly. When we had thun dered over Runcorn Bridge we lunged away at a terrific pace. Sometimes, in fact, at rough places on the road, I held my breath in fear lest the train had left the metals. But what must have been the feelings of that Yank? You have no idea, sir, what it is to travel in the last carriage, with the couplings looso, and the train going at seventy miles an hour. It's enough to shake the senses, let alone the conceit, out of a man. However, in forty minutes after leaving Lime Street we got safe into Crewe. Scarcely had we stopped, when the Yankee bolted out of his compartment as pale as a ghost, and made for the refreshment-room. After gulping down a glass of brandy, he observed, •'Wal, I recon this is pretty tall travelling. But I'm not in a hurry. I prefer our thirty miles an hour pace at home, and I guess I'll wait for the nest train. I like to do things' rather slick, but I've a strong objection to be slung around periniscus, and hcv my precious body wipin' the floor one minute and dustin' the ceilin' the next. So I calc'late I'll settle right down here for an hour or two.'" I fancy be suspected that I bad been pay ing him off somehow. At any rate, he was well frightened, and 1 don't think that Yank '11 tell the next driver be meets that his engine is only a piece of old scrap iron. 