THE McNEILL AND BURKE MISSION. WELCOMED BY THE MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION. On Monday morning a formal welcome was tendered to the Rev. J. McNeill by the members of the Adelaide Ministerial Associa-<*> tion in the Stow Church Guildroom. The Rev. J. TJyall, who presided, eaid the associa tion desired to tender a most hearty weloome to Mr. MsNeill and Mr. Burks, the latter of whom, through an inadvertenoe, was not present. The Rsr. J. McNeni, aaid their experience of the missionary work in Melbourne Lad not been equalled anywhere. They were fed to that city by divine inspintion, and events proved that their arrival was just at the right time. He had gone through the ministry, and could say the experience thus gained was a great advantage to him in missionary work. -la every denomination there were high church people who would not go to hear certain clergymen because they belonged to another sect, and the regular minister who became aa evangelist reached those people. Some people looked down upon evangelistic work, but then was no excuse tot co doing. The dootor who turned bia attention to one outioalar subject became a specialist, and was paid special teas for his work. His work waa part of regular gospel wwnhing. and the cry all over the world was for the fall trained minister evan gelist. In the vkl ebuntry sometimes in a parish of I.DOO there would be three pastors all trained in-« severs Presbyterian counse, and they ftU cried for a man to rouse tbs people. When be- was a youth be gained comfort from toe belief {that the Bible was ail right Sometimes he waa Btruok with tbe fact that tbe teaching to yotmg men was Hut instead of meeting the Saviour on tbe old road tbe road was beng repaired, and that they would meet Him off of that road, because he never read in. tbe Scripture of tbe movement of the Savitar from that eld., road. Tbe men wbo polled the old theology to pieoaa and tried to reconstruct it were behind die nge,«nd they oouM not make • harmo«ioua whole by then; nwnn?trnction tmnnme. He was of opinion that second meetings in revival procedure wen being overdone, and that they were tbe means of shifting the responsibility of preaching. Wben a Christian man was preaching tbe Holy Ghost was speaking, and there was lrftrVpff in the Scripture to warrant the eeoond meeting. If preaohera preached for emus they would get tbem, and the results from Becond meetings bad not been so permanent as might he riianiwd. Anything he would say to a mans* a Second meeting had already been said in tbe sermon, bets* some taaas held tbem beoaoag some people worked better witb them. A sad story might make people ay and leave a oold tm predsion on 'the momjsi. but tbs infloenos created through God's Word would have a The Rev. JTbebst tnanked?Mr. MoNefll for his referenesa to the second meetings, and stated Out in tbav most aggressive period of Methodism tbe eeoond meeans; was not used. Mr. MnXgw.naM Mr. Moody had a, won derful gift for the second meeting., Th? Rev. J. TJ. SriEF?Xpsot; moved a beany vote of thanks to Mr- MoNsill for bis stimu lating «?«< VJpTil^*^""",- and he assured Mr. MoNefll abat the ateociatioa* deeply sympa thised with bim in his work. The Rev. Dr. Batob seconded the motion, which was carried. Mr. MuNxnx replied, and tbe proceeding* terminated. ' THE SECOND MEETING. Tbe aecond nwiva?at service in connection witt tbs MoNeul and Borke miwirm was con daoted on Monday evening, wben the Exhibi lion BtnlduigwM again filled with a large and interested anrtimnn, Prajer was offend by the Rev. W. L. Morton, sad several hymns were sung by the pumatul choir on the plat form, eondusted by Mr. J. H. Burke, who also with tnnob nioity of expression rendered two or three suitable solos. Tickets wcce dis tributed to promulgate tbe work of the evan gelists, for, said Mr. McNeOl, there is muck. vu inertia and «v iffmonmtitc to be overcome. Aa an old ctnway man-fas felt he would like to be on ttae floor of .Ac building asking for "jtoket? rnaaaw," {LanghtetJHe again re minded tibe andienos of tbe mid-day —m^fcrfpM business men as nostibie wooldatteod. Why not have God's bluasiiM in boszneas hours? He had heard ia stated m Melbourne that the beBUMSB soeetings be sondnoted tfaers weie ■nytli mjrnlly^fi of money in bard ossh,soen had been tbe bops and buoyancy tberhad inspired in biminnsn eirolflt. Kir. MoNeill took as his sex* the tarn Ant tnaass of fiamnei, wheretn-iB datcrrbed David* dspaituifctu the cave of ftrinllatn. and the way in which he was subse quently fallowed fay bia brothan and all of his lather's house, together with those in distress, in debt. or. diaooutentod. to tbe number of 400\. TfaeNewTestament, basaid, lies bidden ixi«faeOld,wnue tbs OkTwsiravealedin th* Slew, and «ben Jems was round in the New Testament sod tney back witb Him Uuough the Old He tartrjitmnd many an other wise isiaaninglea? or trivial incident. He showed how God bad triV—n TTM*iw^>ii?i'i|M« placing David an the throne, working slowly bat sorely. Ba did jet go stealthily so a man and cat him down, bat He declared His will and. gave him time to repent and beaaved. Aa WW then the case with David, tbe truth «te always tn tbe mmority and wroafr in over whelming majority, or as James Russell loveU bad put it, in words abat would live whh Buakespeare — "Troth tor- ever on tbe anaffoM, wrong 'tor ever on the 0*006." (AppUnsa) "Yet," the post eonEnmed, "that «*** M* sways the future, and, within the dim'unknown, standeth God withia the shadow, swping Witch Above His own." Salvation then for those that stood witb David, and destruction for those who west with SauL Han's snaffling oowardioe might do for the devil sod the world, bat they wouU soon fling him. away like" a Booked orange. . (t*aghter.) "Don't laugh," cried the Wafer. Vyoaoant atoed it" iSt them, IJlWiteiaVfarnAmt.tMiv?'tb? courage of their j?snxidions, -Xbere was many a one who bad drank ~4iows knowledge of Jesus Christ with fass.mother's milk who was the "meanest thing that srawJa." lie earnestly exhorted them to give ll wrsnn to Christ—all in dittos, in debt, ok discontented. Now was the'time. They might riot like the way be was talking, bat be wanted to rouse tbem. Let them come down-off., their fences and drop on to David's side. xTenee* were not made for tttthig on, and Anstntfan f*"w afforded s> very uneasy seat. God had sent him to Mel bourne at the right tone, not wben the >?"* boom was living bat when it had bmnt far it of disteetaanowed is clear relief the stars in ffii? Havens. ■ ' - During tbe evening a collection was taken, and tbe meeting **fr^—^ with a hymn. 