GRfAZIA'S MISTAKE, BD Mi s. Gezexo Snan,nx. CKAPLEE X. rirL. Alr Ot.Zta R1BECIV AN INVITATION TO Go TACHTING "I am afraid she will weary you," Mr -entnor remarked, as he gazed fondly down upon the beautiful sleeping child.' SIf you could slip her over into my lap it ould relieve vo o! a fir'some burden. "No," sail Grazia, flashing beneath his anxious gaze, " she would be sure to awake, and I think a nice nap is just what she needs. If her face could be shaded from the light, which is getting very strong. I think she would be more com fcr'sb'e" Ah ! that is well thought of, and re minds me that I have left a rice umbrella by the wall where I was gathering roses ErcuOs me a few moments and I will soon be back with a shelter for Miss Edith and her kind protectress," Mr Ventnor re turned, as be arose and sped back over the way be had come but a little while before He was not g me long and, upon his re turn, tookup his position where he could shade bath Graz:a and the sleeping child. Then, during the hour that followed, Graesi forgot the sense of loneliness and depolation that had oppressed her in the morning, forgot the lapse of time, the burden upon her lap, earth, sea, and sky everything but that ]uminr u f ce beside her, the grave, rich tones that flowed over his lips, in sweet rhythmic harmony, to crystallise into wars's of wisdum. brilliant sentences, and spackling wit, and to be cherished like j swela within the secret rec'sae3 of her heart. When little Edith final'y awake, instead of a brief acquaintance of an hour, they both frlt as if they- had known each other, at leost in spirit, for years The child appeared to be very much re freshed by her nap, and not a bit the worse for the fright and fall she had had. "3lis King, I am awed when I think what might have occurred, but for your pre=ence here t"is mo-ning. It was pro vriential," Mr Ventnor remarked, when at last they arose to turn their steps home ward. Grsis lifted a quick, questioning look to him. UDo yun believe in a literal 'hand of Provrience?'" she asked. "Perhaps not a literal 'hand,"' he re turned, smiling slightly, " but I certainly belierse in an Overruling Power-in the lore and care of an all-iese Father, who guards and watches over the beings he heas created; do you not P" "I used to," said Grazi, a flush tinging her cheek as she thus gave voice for the first time to the doubts that had been contending in her mind. "And why not now? " was the grave gentle query of her companion. " Because, if such a hand was ever out stretched to guide my life. I lost my hold upon it-or, it lost its hold upon me, and left me to drift to a desert coast, to be smitten, eppressed, and spiritually starred," responded Grazit, with a note of passionate pain in her voice. *'Youn!" said Mr Ventnor, in a tone of surprise. " I am afraid you count your trials and forget to number your blessings, Miss King; for, when I sawyou last night, so bright, so talented, and so carefully attended by your friend, you certainly seemed to bevery far from being 'smitten and oppressed;' and now my morning chat with you has given me the impression that you are anything but ' spiritually starved' Are you sure you are not regarding life with a distorted vision P" he concluded, gently. The man's words were a sudden revela tin to Grazia, and she was instantly cr?cious- stricken with them. Surely she had been ' countiog her trials and fo'getting to number her bless- I inge,' in her fierce rebel'ion against the ruin of her hopes, which, now she could realise, had been only the result of her own rashness and wrong-doing. Her father had wanted her to accompsnv him and his wife upon their trip So Wash ington, out she had refused to do so, be asse she could not bear the thought of being separated from her lover, even for on- short week. But had she acceded to his wish, she could now see, she might even then have been a happy care-free girl in her own home. She would not have been tempted to deceiveherparent,and would not have been irrevocably bound to a man whom she now utterly loathed, and that dreadful tragedy wounild, in all probability, never -have occurred. And yet, leaving all this out of the question, in view of all her sorrow, even if it had been brought about through no ffu'lt of hers, she felt that she had not been just; for had not the hand of a kind Providencs been stretched out to her through Pabla Nelson P Tears rubhed unbidden to her eyes and her lips grew tremulous with remorse. " had not thought of it in thatlight before; but I am af?aid that I am," she answered, with a sigh. A very tender expression swept over her companion's face at the self.reproachful admission. He made no reply to it, however, bhut, stooping down, tied Edith's hat upon her sunny head as carefully as her mother would have done. "Come, now, Miss Ventnor," he re marked, with a smile, as he arose and took her plump band in hi', " we must go home to your mamma and tell her what your 'angel' as done for you to day." He shot a merry glance at Grazcia as he spoke, then gathering up her robe and cushions in his disengaged hand, and led the way up the path toward the road. He walked over with -er to liies Nelson's cottage, where he deposited his hutden upon the verandah, and was about to take leave of Grzsia, when Paula came around the house and espied them. SPe greeted blr Ventnr very cordially, and laughingly chidod Graz;a for leaving her alone all the morning, then invited t-hem all to have seats upon the verandah. Mr Ventner was nothing loth, and, swinging Edith lightly into a hammcck near him, he sat down and chatted with the Ihdies for another half hour. When he at last arose to take his leave, he had arranged for them to join a yaclht ing party who were going for a cruise of .several days in the harbor. "We shall go aboard the Nsautilus to -morrow evening at sundown, so as to be ready for an early start the following morning" he explained, adding that he would send acarriage for Miss Nelson and biss King at six o'clock. Then bidding them a genial good morn ing, le took hie little niec? by the hand and went away. " He is the finest specimen of manhood that I have seen for a long time," Psula remarked, breaking in upon a long silence that had followed the departure of their guests.. " Don't you think so, Grazia P" "Ye-es:' responded Grazia, dreamily. She was lying in the bammock that Edith had vacated a few momenta previous her 'yes fired upon the sea, a tender ex pression about her beantiful mouth. Paula smlds nodded· her head wisely two or three tims, and then resumed her took, which absorbed fat attention until th.e lunch bell rang. After the meal was over Grazi6?enied weariness and retired to her own oon?i. "Oh ! I am almost sorry that I promised to go with the yachting party I" she cried a look of perplexity upon her yong face. and then she suddenly fell to sobbing with an abandonment which betrayed that her soul was moved to its very depths. She had been thinking of her recent conversation with Eaymond Ventror, ever since her return, and how he had swayed her vary seal with his eloquence, and s certals influence which she oould feel but ould not analyse. "OL | if luali only wake up~ pand and the last two years of my life a dream! If I could but undo that one act that has entitled so much misery upon me I" she wailed. She sprang to her feet and paced her room back and forth with a nervous step. "There is no future for me I" she con tinnud, tears falling like rain from her A pale face, "no love, no home, no fireside, I with little ones playing around me; no outlook whatever but to go on as I am, hiding myself under a false name, and .1 livrig in constant fear least some breath of scandal should overtake me, reveal my identify and the mnpcsatre I am practising I upon the society in which am moving. I What would those high-toned Ventnors t say-what would Raymond PYentor himself f say-if he should learn that Miss King,' to whom he is pleased to be so kind, is a Grszia Kingsley, who lately figured so conspicuously in a criminal court-who is t also the unacknoaledged wife of one of the most contemptible cowards who walks the earth. " But why should I care what he thints P" she cried, almost fiercely, after a e few moments of silent re flection, while she c propu ly threw back her head and assumed I a defeant air. " Why should either his t good or ill.opinion concern me P Because he is the grandest man I have I ever seen-he is a man possessing an honest soul; because-" A burning blush mounted to her fore- I head as she thus abruptly ceased, and she I dropped her face upon her hands with at cry of keenest pain. SAh I could I not Lave been spared this -the bitterest drop in my cap of woe !" she so?-bed. " If be could know, would t be say that I am 'regarding life' with distorted vision' when I rebel against the fite that has driven me to this P Alone! I alone! always alone! The word is like e some funeral dirge beating its sad rites ii upon my wounded heart; my life is marred h and ruined almost in the beginning. It was like a peaceful summer day, with not r a cloud to dim its sky, until he, that P coward, crossed my path I How can I bear b it! I cannot endure it, to -be so chained; a to have no real life; to live and yet not t live, because I cannot be myself. And now this other bhrden is to adi to my o cross I Where, oh I where can one find 1 the overruling Power, the lore and are of an all-Rise Father for the wretched bring t whom he has created, with this hopeless f yearning that can never be satisfied P?' c Every moment her grief grew wilder, I her heart more rebellions over this rude awakenine, after the comparative calm she had spent with Pauls. " Oh! if I could die and be forever at ( peace I WhTt is the use of living sucha a double life P I am-of no earthly use in the world; I cannever be Graz a Kingsley again; I can n. ve'r prove that I am inno cent of that dreadful deed; -I can never t free myself from the tie that binds me to t that heartless man ! A dead wall looms r up before me, and beyond it I cannot i g" V' She was flally exhausted withher wild grief, and throwing herself upon her bed she fell asleep, and did not wake until Paula came to tell her that dinner was ready. But she felt too ill to rise, ard begged that she might he- allowed to lie still until mbrning, when she hoped to be better. Having slept so much during the after noon, however, the drowsy god refused to lull her to forgetfulness very readily again, n and she lay awake for a long time listen ing to the beating of the waves upon the rocks. Better thoughts came to her through | these long silent hours, and a simple a message also, which it almost seemed as a if an angel had whispered in her ears .to ' calm her troubled heart: "Take no thought for the morrow, for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself." With these comforting words repeating n themselves in her mind she finally ceased to be troubled, and knew nothing more until she awoke the next morning, and found the sun shining brightly in at her window. The evil spirit of the day before seemed to be exorcised for the time, though k Paula observed that she was graver and quieter than usual as she busied herself about their preparations for their cruise with the Ventnors. k In the midst of this an elegant carriage a drove to the door, and Mrs Charles Ventnor alighted. She came eagerly up to the door, rang and inquired for Miss Nelson and Miss King. She was ushered into Paula's pretty parlor, and there both girls went to greet t her. She impulsively seized Grazis by bbth hands when theb hautiful girl went forward to meet her. " But for you I should now be childlesse, , or, perhaps, the mother of a helpless cripple," she said, with tears brimming her eyes. "No words cn voice my ~ gratitude, but I shall love you always; 1 could not stay away-I had to come and let my mother-beart speak," she con cluded, apologetically, but with.a h tremulous smile. "I am afraid you overre'imste my b agency in the matter," Grazia m:d-stly t replied, "b hut I an very glad I happened to be just where I was at the critical , moment. I hope Edith is none the worse for her fright and flying leap." I "No, indead; she is well-and merry, t and happy as can be; she is always that h if she can be with her Uncle Ray," Mra r Ventnur returned, with a little laugh " It is the strangest thing in the word,' she went on, "but those two are almost? inseparable when my brother is at hojeas One would think that the child belonged to him rather than to her father, by the I influence he has over her. Uncle Hey is her oracle-her ideal of all that is perfect. f and good in the world, while to himn sh is the apple of hit eye." . It was esidut from the g-?ctionite isflection with which Mrs Charles -Ventmor gave utterancetotohe words 'my brother" I that she shaed her daughter's feeinga to | a great extent, and Psalsa thought t~at. Mr Raymond Ventnor might possibly be the "orscle" of the family. The conversation thus .dritted to other obhannele, sad altr a charming call Mrs a Ventoor arose to go. "*My brother says that you will got yachting with us," she remarked, with ( gracionus corliality. "I am very glad for it will make a pleasant addilion to our party. Are you both good Esailors P "she inqu red, with a significant emile., " Yes, fortunately, we both love the sesia and feel perfectly at home upon it," Psula replied. rWell, tlen, you willbe sure to have a good time, for Ray is the prince of hosta- the Naufilus belongs to him--andcan planr ts entertain a party.- better than any I society woman of. my acqluaintance. ,We 4 shall spend one night at Newport, so take along some pretty dresses,. Bat I sat run away now," Mrs Ventnor adaed, moving toward the door, 'for I have much i to do yet. I will only say a reDoeir, as I lI shall see you so soon again." Another moment she we a in the carriage, nodding and smiting as she dr ve away, I wh'le Paula and OGasi felt as if a sUnbeam had suddenly taken wings and flown away. " That is a most delightful family, it one can judge upon so short an acqusin tance," Paula remarked, as she and Grazlia went back to their packing. " If .the remainder of the company prove to be as congenial, I think wa shall enjoy our trip very much." \- ix o'cloekt that evening M Raymond Ventnor'" guests were all aboard Ithe Nautisus, a beutiful and capacious steam yacht, with a capacity for acecmmodating sixteen besidea the crew, and a very bright little company of eight gentlepnen and es many ladies it proved to be. I Dinner was served at seven, and then Sthey all gathered upon deck for a twilight Smenade and a cil ~chat before going t~ their berths for t night. i Thr were four duit lpth IPt rooms, as completely and Inuxuriously furnished as any one could desire, loading off from the aloon, and theatawre devoted to the ladies, while the gentlemen shared the less commodious, but not less elegant, state-rooms aft. The water in the harbor was like a sea of glass, reflecting the dull red glow that still lingered in the western sky; and when, one by one, the lights of the town along the shore were kindled, and the lanterns were displayed upon the hundreds of vessels lying about them, when the stars came out and were multiplied in the shining depths below, and when flially the fall moon came sailing up over the eastern horizon, it was like an enchanted scene. So thought Grazis, as she stole quietly away from the company to the prow of the yacht to enjoy, all by herselfand with a thrill of delight, this unusial expezience. It was very quiet all about them, so quiet that Grzias could almost hear con verastion on. shore, and .the tillness seemed solemn to.her. It impressel her so that the striking of two bells, for nine o'clock, upon the various vessels in the harbor seemed like .call to prayer-like the Angelus.ball, of which she had so often heard; and instinctively she bowed her head .wth reverence in response to it. S"Nine o'olock,.and all is well," said a rich though quiet voice beaide-her,.and looking up .Grazia saw Mr Baymond Ventuor, not a fot. away ,leining against the deck rail. CHAPTER XL MR. TENTNOR'S PARTY ATTENDS A DAMOE AT NEWPORT. "I trust yoQ do not find youraelftlonely, Miss-K ng, or homesick to feel the solid earth under your feet," Mr Ventnor remarked, in a bantering tone, as he drew a stel nearer his fair guest. "No, indeed, Mr Ventnor," Prazla brightly returned, but wondering again over his slight pause before her nums "I lmplystole away here to admire this magic seane and the almost solemn stillness that pervades every thinmg." "Thersi apaculiar charmin.it,and I often come here, alone, just to watch the lights appear and hear the musical cýime of bells,ias they toll the passing hours," the gentlemen responded, with a thrill of feeling in his tones, for he recognised a congenial spirit in this fair girl who so ap preciated the beauty around that she would leave a gay company to enjoy it. "Do you love the water, Miss King " he inquired sfter a moment of silence. " Very much-especially the ocean," said Grazia. "Thereia something so limitless, so sublime and majest a about it, that it excites a feeling of admiring awe within me.' "You and I are in sympathy, then, for the sea has always efected me in that way," Mr Raymond remarked, in a low, musical voice. " Byron has aptly described it as "Boundless, endless, and sublime The image of Eternity-the throne 01 the invisible!" "It makes me think of the human soul," Grazia murmured, in a thoughtful tone, with her eyes fired upon the shimmering waves that marked the path of the moon, as it sailed upward in the vault above them. "In what wayP" questioned her com panion, as he bent down to study the fair, uplifted face beside him. "It is so deep, mysterious, unfathom able," raid the girl, with a sigh. "Look where the light of the moon strikes the water Is it not beautiful F It makes me almost feel as it, through some rift in the veil that separates us from heaven, some thing of celestial glory is shining. But who can tell what dread secrets lie con cealed beneath the shiaing surface I what deoth and destruction P what brave hearts may have gone down. to their doom,.with mnoass of pain and prayers for help, in that very spat." Grazia's voice was full of psin as she concluded, and Raymond Ventnor yearned, with a mighty longing, to speak some words of comfort to the heart which he knew from her conversation must be tossed and torn with some secret griff which never allowed it to be at peace. "I am sore, Miss King, that you have known some great sorrow," he remarked after a moment of reflection, "or you would not always be shading your pictures with such mournful comparisons. As you have said, the sea is like a human aoul, in some respects; it is deep, mysterious, unfathom able; in other res jects it is not like it, for when its surface is lashed to fury, by the tempests that sweep over it, there is always peace and quiet in the depths beneath; for a mighty power controls it. That, to me, is symbolical of the soul, which, in spite of the griefs and trials that come to it, can rest secure in the hollow of the hand that never makes a mistake." Two great tears rolled over Grazia's cheeks and fell in glistening beads, like so many diamonds. upon the railings, as her companion concluded. "Oh!" she exclaimed with a catch in her breath that was almost like a sob, "you cannot have suffered as-as some have suffered, or you could not feel like that." " m?is King," said Raymond Ventuor, in a voice that was vibrant with deep feeling, "eight years of my life were spent upon a bed af pain-eight long,wearyyears, during the most of:whioh I expected that I must be, a cripple all my life. I had scarcely recovered my. health,.and begun to look forward to a life of usefulness, when my mother was killed, before my eyes, by being thrown from her carriage in front of a .paing locomotive. The fie years following were lived under the ban of a dishonorable name-- " "Oh'1" breathed Gratzi, shrinking as from a blow. " My father's partner forged for sheavy ammuut, but so covered his wrong-doinu that my father,a Ventnor, whose name for many generations had never been.sullied by as much as a breatb,was made to expiate hil Crime. Thetruthprevailed in the end, however, and.at the end of fire years the wronged man was released and exonerated before the wholeworld. Surely, my friend, you nmuot. now say ,that I have not suffered." " No, no; pray forgive me for my thoughtless spech," .regaetflly pleaded Grazia. " Nay, do not -reproach yourself," gently returned Raymond Ventnor. ." I am glad to have told you this, for ?arrow makes as all akin, and I would not have y .u deem me unsympathetic. : But, Misa King, did you never think that.thereia a purpose in pain P " ," What purpose P ?' questioned Grasza. "The same purpose that a sculptor has in bris?L a.bammer and a ohisel upon a pteoe of rough numble--to develop the beautiful and perfect form that lies hidden .within it the same purpose that the wise gardener has when, with an apparantly ruthless hand, he prunes the-vine of halt its life and beauty to make it produce larger and richer finuit." . Grazia sighed heavily. She wondered what purpose there could have been in the suffering she had endured -what possible good could come of the network of troubles and trials that had entangled her, tying her hands and de priving her of even her identitr. She wondered what fiuit she could bear, fettered as she was, and obliged to hide from all the world. " But I am afraid we have chosen a very depressing topic," Mr Ventnor continued, in a lighter tone. " I want you to have only pleasant thoughts and experienoes while you are my guest but some time I would like to drive a little deeper into this subject with you, if you will give me the "I shall be very glad to do so," Griae replied, "for you always give me something to think of" * "Thnk you;'," her oompanion heartily rsturned, then added " Now will you let \-- tfI 7yn down to the ualooaP I w most of our friends have disappeared, and we were planning to have a little mudio before we retire for the night." He offered her his arm.e he spoke, and %s she took it Grazia was conscious of the same thrill tingling through her viens as she had experienced upon their first meeting. The company passed an hour very de lightfully withausio and s Al intercourse, and then retired, with the expectsaton of awakening to find themselves far out upon the briny deep, for the tide woald turn very early in the morning, which was all the captain was waiting for. Grazia felt a desire to see the beautiful vessel leave port, and so secretly resolved to rise in season to do so. Accoidingly the first tender glow of sunrise was flushing the eastern horizon when, enveloped in a warm ulster, with a soft gray felt hat securely pinned to her head, the fair girl stole softly upon deck and found that she was only just in time, for the steam was up and two sailors were on the point of hauling in the anchor, while others were unfurling to the morning breeze the white wings that were to help waft them over the sea. She would not have missed the sight for anything, for, just as the sun lifted his glowing face above the far off line, the graceful vessel. began to move like a majestic bird out from the harbor, toward the wide expanse of water beyond. There was something very exhilarating in the scene, in the crisp morning breeze that was blowing from the north-west, in the cloudless sky and brilliant sunshine, that made Grazia's eyes gleam and her cheeks flush with delightful anticipation. She stood in the prow of the boat. as she had done the night before, and she was so abiorbed in what was going on about her that she did not realise thepresence of any one else, until a voice, which of late had begun to thrill her strangely, remarked in a cheery tone, just behind her: " Gsod-morning," Miss King. Iam ture the Nautilus is honored by the interest you have shown in her movements." Graz;a turned quickly, and found Ray mond Ventnor emiling down upon her, a look of undisguised pleasure in his ex pressive eyes. He wore aheavy reefer that was buttoned close to his chin and showed his fine form to the best advantage, while the visorless cip upon his head gave him quite a boyish look. "A ud so you sacrificed your morning nap for the sake of seeing my bird spread her wi.ga," he added, while his color deepened slightly as he noted the blush which his saluation had called up to Grazia's cheeks." " It was no sacrifi:e I assure you," she said, her eyes sparkling with animation, " I wanted to see the start, and I have enjoyed it immensely. Ineversaw a more beautiful sunrise in my life." " Yes, a sunrise at sea is something worth contemplating, and a whff of such air as this is better than any tonic for the appetite. I always walk the deck a half hour before breakfast; will you join me P " and he held out his hand to her with a friendly air and smile that made her pulses throb more quickly than was their wont. She frankly laid hers within it, when he slipped it upon his arm, and together they paced back and forth the length of the vessel, and chatted socially until other members of their party began to join them. Grszia found that, in spite of his dignified bearing and the serious moods he had hitherto shown her, Baymond Ventnor c:uld be as merry and jilly as a boy; that, while he neglected nothing as a host, forgetting not the smallest detail that coutd contribute to the comfort of his guests, he knew how to enjoy himself thoroughly, thus becoming the life of the party, and so contributing greatly to the pleasure of others. Among Mr Ventnor's guests there were a Mr and Mrs Maeomber, and their daughter. Miss Marie Macomber, a hand some girl of twenty-one, who appeared to be a great favorite with the party. She was a gay, brilliant, witty, and evidently a thorough society girl, for she was p'rfettly at home with every one, and could simultaneously entertain any r umber of people with the most perfect composure. But when Grazia had been introduced to her, she impressed her as being cold and devoid of any real sympathy with her own sex. She had looked Grazia over, from head to foot, with one sweep of her passionless eyes; measured her, as she told Paula in speaking of it afterward, mentally, morally, and physically, noting even the fit of her dress, the style of her hat, the make of her boots and gloves. Then she had turned calmly away and resumed her conversation with a gentle man, which the introduction had for a moment interrupted, ignoring her u-terly during the remainder of the evening. But the next mcrning when she made her appearance up n deck and saw Bay mond Ventnor promenading with Miss King upon his arm, when she noticed the admiring look in his eye as it rested open the fair face < f the girl, his eager, animate i manner in conversing with her, she eaddenly changed her tactics, and, th4 moment Grazia was at liberty, approached her in the most friendly way, and exerted herself to be agreeable to her. Sho attached herself t3 the two girls after that, while Paula often noticel that she appeared to be studying Grazia, with a perplexed, intent look, as if she were trying to solve some intricate question. "Tuat girl is a born miechief-maker, and woe to any one who happens to stand in the way of her ambition," Paula murmured to herself, after watching her for a while. "I only hope that my gentle Grace will not interfere with her designs," She tried not to be unjust, but it made her very uneasy to see Miss Macomber hovering about her friend all that day, and to observe how she watched every act and lack whenever Mr Ventnor approached Grazia, which he often did, and took no pains to conceal his enjoyment of her society. The young man's plan wasto sail direct for Newport, where he proposed to spend one night, and attend a grand ball at the Casino, for which he had procured tickets m:re than a week in advance. The Nautiie asrrivedin port about noon of the second day out. and, after lunch, carriages were provided, and the party took a long drive about the city, returning to the yacht in time for dinner. The gentlemen surrendered the saloon to the ladies to make their prepasations for the evening, while they smoked their after-dinner sigars upon the deck, and the next hour below was one of fluttering ex citement among the fair sex. It was a very brilliant party that left the Nautilus a little after nine o'clock for the Casino, but the fairest among them all, in Raymond's eyes, at least, was the lovely girl in whom he was every hour becoming more deeply interested. She was clad to-night in a blue silk of a very delicate shade, with beautiful orna ments of exquisitely carved pink coral upon her neck, arms, and amid the waves of h'r rich dark hair. The 'ostums was vastly becoming to her rare, almost faultless com plexion I bnt her chief charm lay in her utter unconsciounese of her own beauty in the perfect naturalness of her manner and bearing. ' Do you dance, Miss King ?" Mr Vent nor inquired, in a low tone, as he was assisting her to alight from the carriage upon reaching the Casino. " Yes, I used to," she returned, with a little sigh. " Then let me have the first one with you to-night, will you f" he asked, with a little eager pressure of the hands he was holding. " With pleasure," she replied, her heart bounding into her throat at his manner, words and tone. The words were scarcely uttered, how ever, before 'she was sorry she had not excused herself from dancing at alL. "Suah pleasure are not for me, and-I amnt not lIt myelf learn to lv himn;'" she murmured to herself, as she fo'lo0Ed the party into the dressing-room. Then a terrible shook went through her as, like a flash of lightning, a revelation came to her. "Ah I it is toolate to think of that now," her white lips mattered, as she blindly groped her way into the corner and sat down-" too late, too late I for I love him already with my whole heart. I, Graeia Kingsley-the wife of another man-love, adore Raymond Ventnor. Oh I the shame of it! the sin of it I Where now is the guiding Hand that ' makes no mistakes. " She was almost benumbed by the con flict of emotion that.raged within her upon this unlooked for discovery, and she sat there, wretched and helpless, in her wraps, until Paula found her. " Why, Grace!" she exclaimed, "why have you not taken off your thinge P You will be late for the opening number. Are you ill P" she added, as she caught sight of the girl's colorless face; "you are.as white as a snow-fl ke." "No, I am not ill," Grazia replied, as she started nervously to her feet, deter mined that no one would discover her shameful secret. She would guard it most sacredly--ke would play her part for the next two days with what skill she could, then, she told herself, she would never meet Raymond Ventnor again if she could prevent it. She must. nip this new passion in the bud, she must not feed it with so much as a look at that dear, noble face, or by listen ing to that rich, musical voice. Paula helped her off with her wraps, watching her covertly all the time, and wondering what could have happened to drive from her face all the eager bright ness that bad been there when they left the Nautilus " Yo must do something to those pale oheeksa you cannot go into the ball-room looking so like a ghost,".Paula remarked, with real concern upon seeing that she seemed even more haggard and wretched after removing her outer garments. "Ah!" she added, "here comes Mr Ventnor, looking for us. I will ask him to get ycu something to take--" "Not for the world, Paula dear," cried Gratia, grasping her almost rudely by the arm. Then, as Mr Ventnor caught sight of her, and nodded and smiled, a great wave of color dyed the girl's face crimson, and Miss Nelson was more puzzled than before. Gre z1a had bent over her hand to button her glove and to hide her embarrassment, and when this was done -he recovered something of her usual composure. She cotcealed her aching heart with a smiling exterior as she went forward to meet him " I have brought yeur programme," he said, as he handed it to her, '* and may I beg that you will write my name against some of the numbers before we go into the hallP Then I shall be sure of them; otherwise I might not be," he concluded, in a tone intended only for her, and with a low, musical laugh. Grazia took the card and looked it over, simply to gain time and think what was best to do. Suddenly a little defiant light leaped into her eyes. "I am here; I am hedged about; I cannot help myself," she mused; " I might a% well enjoy myself and make the most of the few hours that remain to me, before I try to crush out forever this hopeless passion. I will put the past behind me for to-night, I will be a gay and happy girl once mole." She gave her head a little resolute toss as she arrived at this conclusion, then, looking up into Mr Ventnor's face with a smile that made his heart bound with a wild, sweet hope, she put the card back into his band and murmured " Y.u shall write your own name wher ever you choose." (To sb Continued) 