A I A8T RESOURCE. Fahny Gerrard was engaged to be married to Harry Raymond, the nephew .of awealthy physician, whose extensive practice was expected soon to descend to his young relative. In the mean time Harry went off on a long sea voyage with an invalid friend, leaving a.betrothal ring on the little white hand of the lovely girl who had promised to ire his wife when he returned. The ring was handsome` and unique, with its splendid solitaire, and their combined initials in tiny diamonds, -emi-edded inside the golden hoop; and of course Fansie valued it fori its beauty, as well as for thelove of which it was the pledge. But when news -came to her that the ship in which her lover sailed had not been heard of for n,..ny weeks, and that it was considered loser, having been last spoken in lati tud.'s where a terrific hurricane had done fearful damage, then the ring be -came a sacred thing to her, as the last .gift of the dead. Fate had brought other trials to the poor girl sinre the loss of her lover. Her father had died, and subsequently her mother's money, upon which they were almost dependent, had been -swallowed up in a bank failure. It became necessary for Fannie to eke out the small remaining income by turning her accomplishments to account. This she did cheerfuly, and even thankfully ; but with all her efforts to be economical, necessity bore hardly upon the small household of which she was now the sole stay. It was then that the thought of parting with her precious ring occurred to her for the first time, although all her other jewels had gone long since. The idea came to her with a sharp pang that was almost an agony; but having once come to her, it became a settled purpose. I need no reminder to keep me true to his memory, she murmured, while heavy tears overflowed through the long, curling lashes, and fell, glittering rivals, upon the diamond which she raised to her lips, and kissed again and again with passionate fervour. Having made up her mind to the sacrifice, Fannie put on her drooping bat, and tied a black veil tightly over her fair, sensitive face; then, with rapid steps, she left the house and hastened to a jeweller's, at the windows of which she ,had often stopped to admire the dazzling contents. Is it your own I asked the old man, with a searching look in his keen grey eyes at the young girl, who had made her request in such low and trembling tones. Oh, eas, she added, simply uncon scions of suspicion. It was my engage ment ring, and she coloured faintly. then paled again with painful thoughts. It is a very valuable one for you, the jeweller continued, slipping it on the first joint of his finger, and glan -cing at Fannie's neat but decidedly shabby raiment. The gentleman was rich, and so was I, then, she answered, quietly, checking her rising indignation with the self -control which experience had taught her. Then looking into her questioner's face, and finding it to be a kind of fatherly one, notwithstanding some hardness of expression, she told him her story in an impulsive burst of con iid-nce. The gentleman to whom I was engaged to be married went away on a long voyage, and was lost at sea, she said, and then my father died and left us poor, so that I have been obliged to sell my jewels. I kept this till the last. Will you please to buy it, sir I The old man being a Scotchman, said : Umph, uGnph! and polished his spectacles, murmuring puir lassie. Then he told her he would value her rinm, gave her a receipt, for which she had not thought of asking, and told her to come back in the morning. About ten minutes after Fannie Gerrand left Dogald Blaikie's shop, a young man walked up the street with long rapid strides, watching the passers by and the objects around him with a half curious, half familiar, and wholly pleased attention. He was a tall, handsome young fellow, with a bronzed face, long cur. ling moustache, and a pair of fine, obervant blue eyes looking out from under magnificent eyebrows, and lids heavily fringed, like a girl's. He entered Mr. Blaikie's shop, and drew out his watch. I wish you would be good enough to examine this watch of mine, he said pleasantly. Something hlas gone wrong with it all of a sadden. No sooner do I arrive at home, safe and sound than it becomes refractory, after serving me faithfully through hair breadth escapes by flood oand field-especially by flood - I hope it is not ominous. And the returned traveller leughed as he handed the time piece to the.old mnan. *Nothing more alarming than a broken main spring, replied TMr. Blaikie smiling. We will.have it ready for you to morrow, sir. \- And then as he watched the stranger go out, with his youthful swinging -stride, his mind recurred to the girl who had told him of the lover lost at sea, and he sighed over his work. SHarry Raymond had not gone far when he was accosted by the ringing voice of an old friend. Hallo, Raymond, old fellow I Where I in the name of all that's wonderful I have yon sprong from I Why, dear boy, I everyone believes you long since at the I ·bottom of the sea, or blown away by all sorts of simoons, typhoons, or wlhat ever you call them. Blown away as much as yon like old boy, laughed Raymond, ringing his companion's hand heartly, but not und'r water yet, as you see. But come, c give me some land niews, won't you r This is my first day in London,. and I haven't seen anyone yet. How is- 1 everybody. t Well, nmuch as usual, I expect. But come over to my rooms, and maybe I can ie more defimnite. The young man slipped his arn t through Raymond's, and theysauntered I on together. Oh, by the way, said Jack Gordon, t suddenly hursting in on one of his own speeches, you hasCve just turned up in time to ie too late for the nmarriage of an old s'eetheart of yours--F.nnie it Gerrand. Married an old minn with heaps of mioney, too. iWhat --what did yousaysaid Harry, clutching the arm th-.t l?y on his, and stopping short in the sareet. I said that you old flame,r Fannie li Gerrard, was married ypsterday to old y Mr. Roberts the millionaire. Why, y what's the matter 1 You look as if you had-seen a ghost! ,. Harry Raymond drew his hand Saross his face once or twice before he replied. SI beg your pardon, he said. I have just remembered an important engage ment !-I-I will have to leave you. now. Oh, I'm sorry ! But, never mind! Drop in in the evening, and have a chat. Good-bye for the present. De lighted to have met you. And Jack disappeared round. a corner, savagely conaemning his long tcngue, and thinking all kinds of hard things of the girl who could so soon forget a fellow like Raymond. Harry Raymond walked on with bent head and downcast eyes. All the animation and brightness were gone from his face-all interest in his I surroundings banished by a few careless words. Married, he repeated-married to another, and my heart true to her through all I Oh, fickle, faithless heart of woman. And with a harsh bitter laugh, he drew his hat over his brows and strode on, he knew not whither, until night found him in his own- rooms worn out by fatigue and misery. Why am I here, he groaned, his head buried in his aRms, which were widely t:arown out upon a table. Why did'I fight so desperately for my life when danger assailed it I 'Why I For my sake ! Fool, fool to fancy she would grieve for me ! Ah, would to heaven I had gone down with my more fortunate comrades. And so passed the first night of Harry Raymond's return home. When Fannie Gerrand entered the jeweller's the next morning, she was somewhat embarrassed to find a young gentleman talking to Mr. Blaikie, and withdrew shyly to the furthest end of the counter. The old gentleman, recognising her at once, bowed pleasantly, and in a few moments came to wait upon her. I will buy your ring for fifteen pounds, he said. Will you part with it for that I Fannie's face showed her disappoint ment. I thought it was worth more than that-intrinsically, she said. Twice as much, at least. The Scotchman shook his head and pressed his lips together, for although he was interested in the puir lassie, he did not forget the precept that beezness is beezness. Fannie's eyes filled with tears. She was the most unmercenary of human beings, but how paltry the sum ap peared compared with her valuation of the ring. She looked at it with longing eyes half-tempted not to make the sacrifice at all, when she was startled by a beside her. I will buy the ring for twice as much, since the lady is so anxious to obtain a good price for it. With a strong inclination to scream, which she suppressed to a gasp, she turned and involuntarily held out both hiands, while a look of mingled amaze ment, delight and love shone in her face. Then, meeting nothing but a strange smile of scornful biiterness upon the features that had become to her those of a saint, and where, hither to, she had seen nought but glowing tenderness, she drew back as though stung. One piteous look she gave toward the old- man, who stood watching his strange patrons with an absorbed in terest, then she shuddered, reeled. reeled, and would have fallen to the floor, had not Mr. Blaikie caught her in his arms. He bore liar into an adjoining room, and calling his daughter left the faint ing girl in her care, and returned to where Harry Raymond stood, with a pale, set face, gnawing his moustache. Is the young lady better II am a physician. Can I ee of any use pro fessionally I So you are her lover-the lad who was lot at sea said Dogald Blaikie, not noticing his question. What do you know about me-or her 1 Raymond asked sharply. Enough to know that you have caused sufficient trouble anrd grief by your absence, without breaking the bairn's heart altogeither, now that you have c,'me back. Hech, mon, continued Dugald, falling into broad Scotch under the influence of excitement, no lad ever had less cause for cauldness or suspeecion. Henry Raymond's lip trembled, and his face flushed. You do not -understand, he said. She was my betrothed wife, and I return tu flnd her-married. Married, exclaimed Dugald blankly. Yes, married to a wealthy dotard, and anxious to bet rid of that rinag, lest she shodld be disturbed by its unpleasant associations. And as ihei thus expressed this sug gestion of his fevered fancy, his voice was raised in resentful passion. The bewildered girl beard the words and standing in the doorway with a face of marble pallor, and her slender figure proudly erect, she said : You are strangely mistaken, Mr. Raymondr I am not married, nor ever have been'P I wished to sell my ring because I was in absolute need of money. However, it is yours now without any equivalent. And with a hanghty bend of the head she would have passed him liy, but Harry suddenly turned and caught her in his arms, and before she could protest she was seated on the sofa, with her repentant lover at her feet. Oh, forgive me, darling-pray for give me, he pleaded. I was hastening to find you immediately on my arrival, wheti I was told tlirmt you were recently married. But I was mad-wicked to doubt you, and I throw m'yself on your mercy. And he seized the little hands, ner vously clasped together, and covered them with kisses. It was miy cousin, she answered reproachfully. Ah, but I knew naught of her, and to me, sweetheart, there is but one Fanny Gerrard in all the wide world. And as he then proceeded to clasp that particular one to his heart, she was obliged to iecept the cunning excuse and forgive him. Fannie still wears her diamond ring, tlhouh Dugald Blnikie has since sup phlied her withl a plain gold one, that she values yet more highly. I)0 not encourage town travellers for }Pri.;ting orders, but support the local office, which spends its money in your midst. The town men moriy want yo'- money witheut helping your district, " 