Notices to Correspondents. No notice will be taken of anonymous correspon- dence. The writer's name and address must be sent, but not necessarily for publication. Questions ore not answered by post. We have to remind readers who forward stories and other contributions for insertion in the Queentlander that such matter is not paid for except by special arrangement. Those wlib send manuscripts must enclose sufficient postage stamps for their return if rejected, otherwise they must be destroyed. We are compelled to make this rule on account of • claims having been made by persons whose ■ manuscript* have been destroyed or lost in the post. 6\. 8. (Toowoomba).—We are pleased to team that you were not trying to deceive your school master. On previous occasions we have had such matters referred to us by boys who wished to take a mean advantage of their fellows in ob ' taining an answer to a question which they were < .supposed to solve by their own unaided efforts, which, as there is no need to tell you, is tanta- . mount to " cribbing." The rose placed above your dinner table is an emblem of silence. It \- Became so in the days when the ancient heathen gods flourished, and was for this reason , sculptured on the ceilings of banqueting rooms, to remind the guests that what was spoken when under the influence of wine-was not to be uttered elsewhere. In 1526 the rose was plaoea \- over confessionals. Your master most likely did not intend it to have that meaning exactly, but simply to indicate that it is wise to be silent' at the table. Don Cablos.—Judging by the specimen sub mitted, your " Seven Ages" Bhould be a readable work, especially if, m you say, you have had an adventurous life. Style rather taking, but be ' sure to get an experienced friend £o revise the manuscript before it is sent to the printer. MB. has been posted. M. P. 8. C. (Gympie).—Your sketch was posted . to the address give%on Thursday, Ist instant. Lavendula. —No, thsttks. What was the matter with you when yos>wrote it? We can quite believe that the story is entirely horn your own imagination; no one could possibly even dream —- such a thing. The vision has not one attractive feature, and the snly quality which could redeem it from being disgusting—graphicness— is absent. Try something lighter next time; . and write only on one side of the paper. It , would also be well for you to study spelling; that appears to be a weak point. Fblix (South Brisbane).—Your "Sunrise" con tains poetical ideas—as, for instance, in the lines wherein you liken the expanse of clouds lying beneath tne heights to -the ghost of the so*. The poem is, however, much too long— that is to say, what metal you have is beaten out much too thin —and the construction -is most imperfect. Blank vene, no less than rhymed verse, has its rhythm. G. S. (Bundaberg).—Our reply to your fourth question last week was somewhat misleading. We find that it is not considered profitable to construct incubators to hold fewer than six dozen eggs. The price for a self-regulating machine of that site is £10; a 160-egg incubator costs £15. Of course it is useless for you to bother yourself with any but a "self-regulator." The other kind involves " raußsing" about with hot water and getting up at all hours of the night to attend to the temperature, besides the fear that a lapse of memory may cause the loss of a whole setting of eggs. If you send 7d. to Mr. J. J. Fearse, Kangaroo Point, Brisbane, he will Sst you on excellent pamphlet giving all tails of the management of an incubator. Bunya.—The powerß conferred on the chairman of a divisional board are usually similar to those enjoyed by the mayor of a municipality. By virtue of his office he is appointed a justice of the peace, and as such iB entitled to sit on the bench and adjudicate in petty sessions and police court cases. C. C. (Homebush).—(l) The use of salt in the curing is most likely the cause of the greenhide whips and ropes getting "sloppy" in wet weather. A better way to prepare the hide iB as follows:—" Take the skin fresh from tho beabt, fold it in the usual manner, and bury it in sand for about three days to rot tho hair. Then lay the skin out, hair side down, oh a floor and pour over it a couple of bottles of strong vinegar. Bub with a brush or broom occasionally until all the vinegar iB absorbed, when the hide may be removed and hung in a shady place for use as required. As a rule the hair will be left on the floor when the skin is taken up. The fleshy lining of the hide may be removed when it is cut'up for use, and after a .cw minutes robbing the greonhide will be found :o be tough and pliable." (2) Answer to «bis in next week's " Notices." (8) Unless you "have a bone milt at hand with which to grind tho boneß into meal or dust yon will find it difficult to turn them to immediate account.- Bones when finely ground are available as manure in a very short time after being spread over or dag into the ground. The simplest meam of ushig bones as manure is to break them up f&ftly; small and dig them in; bat then it woald take some years for the soil to render them fit to be absorbed by the plants. The only way to make them readily soluble is to rot. them by means of wood ashes and water applied as follows a large watertight hogshead, cover tho bottom to a depth of 6iu. with dry soil, pat in a layer of bones of the same depth, then 6in. of wood ashes, then more bones, more . ashes, and so on until tho top is reached, finishing off with a good thick layer of ashes. Leave the barrel and its contents exposed to rain, wind, and sunshine for twelve months, at the end oi which it will be found that the boneß may be easily crumbled to powder and form a valuable manure. Although this is a slow process it is the duickest apart from the grinding first recommended. M. S. (Mitchell).—(l) The pickling of gherkins is quite easy—when you know how. Steep the cucumbers for a week in strong brine, pour off the brine, heat it until it boils, pour it back on the gherkins, and next day drain them on a sieve. Wipe each ono dry, put into bottles with a little spice (ginger, cayenne, or other condiment), and cover at once with strong pickling vinegar, boiling hot. The gherkins should not be too young when picked, but do not let them be too old, or they will be tough. The pickles Bhonld be kept for a few months before they are used. (2) Stockholm is pro nounced almost as it is spelt—Stok—home, with the 1 slightly Bounded; only a Scandinavian can give it just the right twang. The word is pro* nonnoed the same whether it is applied to the tartr the town; as a matter of faot the tar derives it name from the oity of Stockholm, from the fact that it was shipped to England from there. Stockholm tar is the name applied to tar made from the sap of the pine tree as distinguished from gas tar, a product of the distillation of gas from coal. (3) We cannot tell you which is " the best New Zealand paper for general information." There are news papers that are good for the North Island and othen that are good for Bouth Island newt. None is " best" for the whole colony. We would recommend you to .take one of the weekly papers; for North Island items the Auckland Wtkly Newt, price ocl.; for information specially concerning the South Island the Canterbury Ft* JRrvrt, or the Otago Witiuat, which are the same price. Lynba (Dalby).—The layered branches will take from six to eight weeks to form roots. Keep the soil moist, but not wet, or the wood will rot. Anxious One.—Under certain circumstances the gift is quite legal—if the giver is perfectly solvent at the time, for instance. In any case the team could not be seized for the husband's debt. It is merely a question whether it is the son's property or the mother's. Send a copy of the receipt mentioned. B. S. B. (Rockharapton). — (1) Herberton is 8000 ft above the sea level. (2) Mareeba, 1325 ft. (3) -WaUonville, about the same as Herberton, from which it is distant seven miles. (4) Ton do not make it clear whether the "height from which the water in the Barron Fall drops or the height of the fall above sea level is wanted. In flood time the water rushes over the upper ledge and drops 700 ft. sheer into the bed of the river below, bat in dry weather the fall is made in several leaps. The Fall is 1200 ft. above sea level. (5) The highest point on the Cairns-Herberton Railway is Mareeba, 1325 ft. (6) The Barron Fall in flood time is a mere squirt from a syringe compared with the tremendous volume of water that pours over Niagara even in the driest season. Tho height of the Niagara drop does not vary, but at a certain period, when the first melting of the winter snows causes every stream feeding the great lakes to run a banker, there is more water than at other times. The Canadian fall alone would dwarf the Barron Fall, and the American . fall is almost as large. It is impossible, with out Eeeing it, to conceive any adequate idea of the grandeur of Niagara. E. S.—The drawing took place in Sydney on 30th November last. Subscriber (Rosevale).—The symptoms of black leg are a sudden depression of tho whole animal frame; there is a swelling on the after part of the bock or hindquarter, and when the affected part is pressed with the hand a crackling noise will bo heard, owing to a quantity of air being collected between the skin and the flesh. It frequently happens that • none of the symptoms is noticed, the first ndioatipn of the presence of the disease being the discovery of one or more dead carcasses in the morning. There is a stiflnesß in the limbs, and the animal dies a painlesß death, and there fore in anthrax and blackleg signs of straggling we seldom eeeu on theground round tho body. As a matter of foot death is caused by intoxioation. On post-mortem examination black exudations of blood in largo patches are to be found under the skin on the quarter, hence the popular name of the disease. After death the carcass swells tremendously and rapidly, and a liquid tinged with blood is seen to issue from the mouth or nostrils and anus. Care should be taken in skinning or cutting the carcasses that there ia no broken skin on the hands of tho operator, otherwise the result will very likoly be malignant pustule, always dangerous and frequently fatal. Blackleg is not contagious in the ordinary ac ceptation of the term, but is so by contamina tion of the ground and posture, therefore extreme care should be taken that every partiolc nf the carcass is consumed by fire. Our agricultural columns next week will contain further informa tion on this subject. Old House. —How does a goldfield " wind up" ? We presumo you refer to a provisional gold field the proclamation of which has been revoked because it has not been proved payable. -The reserve may be leased at any time if the Minister thinks fit, un less, of course, it is vested in trustees, in which case a lease from the trustees must be obtained. M. S.—To clean a saddle, if much soiled, wash the leather with a weak solution of oxalic acid and water, and, when dry, with the watery portion of bullock's blood. The latter may be preserved by adding a little carbolic acid and keeping in a bottle tightly corked. Brown saddles may be cleaned to look as good as new by washing with tepid water and pure Castile Boap. • 