Salvation Army. Earewell'to Commissioner Coombs. ' A publio gathox-lng was hold in tlio Salvation i-'Ariny Templq last night to taoet .'Conimiflaionoi' Coombs, who is on a visit to Queensland pi'o- piiratory to his Ibaviug Australia to attend tlio Tntcrnatiiinal Couiioll of tho Bnlviition' Armyi Xrlitoh mootsiuliondonovory three years. Tho- teinplo wusorowded iu ovory part, tlio gathering 'being composed of all tho suburban corps, and tlioir iritihy frionds. The arrival 'of tlio 00m- missioner on tho platform wns tho signal' for n ;16ud. and 'prolonged vojloy, nftor whioh ; tho meeting was 6poned by prajror and the lusty singing of the ; salvation song, "Wo'ro an lii-myi with ;thp .liBual aimy npcomiianhnonts of ; clapping, tpmhdurines," brass hands, and dnim. FurthotHovqtional exeroiscs Und the solemn, singiiig of ii' coriseoratioh verso fol lowed, after whioh 60 many bf tho Boulah' OhoriBtoi's who were prosent on the plat form .dang, "Thoro's ono moro river to oross,'! led by Staff-ouptain Pearoo. ' ' , ' Major Jeffmbs thon 'ballod for ohbors from all- who were glad to sbo tho commissioner,- niid. tho call wns rbspdrided to most heartily . Tlio ', major, explained that .tho commissioner's viilt to tho' old counti'y was not fo bo a long ono. Ho ivould bo baok in perlinpB Bomb; five niohtlis, hut 'his , going would most likoly mean n'movo. for some of them. "Whilo tho oommisaionor wiis away lie was sure that the work would/ go o'n us heartily bb over. (Applnuso.) Porspnnlly, lioholiovod that tlio Solvation' Army- had hoforo it greater vlototids and triumphs tlinii it had over had. Tlio m'oro I10 thought of it the moro ho was persuaded that it would he through tlio Army that tho great upheaving of, tlib masses to Christ' would como. (Ap plause.) He know that when tho commissioner came baok I10 would bring with him , fresh sohomos and plans for work, 'and I10 wnB suro tho prayers of tho workers in Queensland and Ull Australia would go with him. To prevent tlio commissioner " gotting rusty," ho said he would call upon him to stag a song. Oommissiouor Coomds then sang a song en titled "Hvdlahooloo," tho gathering joining in the chorus. Captain OAnmoiiABii, on behalf of tho mala field officers, ussurod tho commissioner 'that during liia absence thoy would, as Major Jeffries had put it, stand firmer togethor and make bettor progress. Thoro was not another colony in which tho work of tho urmy could he bottor pushed on than iii Queensland, and as for niihsplf and his com rades he assured tho commissioner thoy would do thoir vory host for tho glory of God and the salvation of souls during hiB abspneo. He prayod that tho commissioner's visit home would give him strength and renowed1 vigour to mako him better equal to tho great responsi bilities whioh lay upon him. (Applauso.) Captain Gains, on behalf of tho southern division, convoyed similar greetings and wisheB to tho commissioner. Mrs. Jeffbibs spoke on behalf of tho womon officors of tho division, and wished tho com- misslonor God speed on his journey, and iii doing' so paid a vory high compliment to Mrs. Coombs, saying sbo was a woman who livod vory near to God, nnd oxprossing tho convic tion that if sho camo to Queensland Dor visit would ho '» great powor for good. Major Jeffbies said it would bo a good thing if Mrs. Ooombs, during, tho absonce of the commissioner, paid Brisbane a visit of say a couple of months, and at his suggestion it was unanimously dooidod to seud lior an invita tion, tho invitation being ondorsed by a "volloy." Major Ghanam spoko words of greeting und a8Ruraiico to tho commissioner on behalf of tho division gonorally, and said ho was sure tlioir ronowed efforts would end in thoir scoring greater vlotorics than over before. . Ho alluded to liis oxporionces with the commissioner, and said ho had fouud him always not a despot— not oven a oomraisstorior— but a brother iu tho Lord. Ho prayed God might grant Hia bless ing on the commissioner and on his visit to tho confereuco. (Applause.) Commissioner Ooombs then addressed themect- ing, first singing a song entitled, " They're All Gono." Ho said he was pleased to bo present thot night to meet tho, comrades, officors, soldiers, and friends who had given him Buoh a hearty welcomo, and to wish him such a hearty God speed on his journey to the old land. Tho kind things which had been Baid about him that night had touched his heart vory deeply, and in reference to anything God. might havo enabled him to' do wbilo in thoso colonies since ho had boon hero, he was glad to give God all tho glory. Ho felt very unworthy of tho position in , which God hod placed him, lind if ever a David was taken from tho slieopfold to bo a lender of God's host it was-himself. Ho hod little idea when, as a lad, ho was brought to tho knowledge of tho truth as it is in Jesus Christ at' a Salvation Army mooting, that over ho would bo honoured to bo a bcaror of God's mcsBuge and a loader of his people. Bnt, in the order of His providence und as a tokon of His lovo. Ho had given liim an opportunity, andtoktag it from His hand he Eriz'cd it, and ho said it with all humility that to iia it was a great joy to bo of any servieo in tho oanse of liis Lord and Master. Ho had learned long sinco that his only hopo and strength wqro in God, that if ho did anything that would iienofit his fellowB it would bo by tho aid of tho Holy Ghost, and thut if ho wouid ho a man used of God he must bo a man depending entirely upon Him nud he possessed of tho spirit of ,God. Ho felt in his own soul thut the Borvioo of God in tho ranks of tho- Salvation Army wus tlio most glorious tiring that could havo huppenod on oartb. He was also deiligbtcd that ho should havo tho opportunity ot representing in a small way tho Australian Salvation Anny iu the old land. . . Of coureo, dropping down in that city of London, und mixing in tho tremendous demonstration, for ho expeoted to seo.notbtag loss thun 100,000 Salvation irmy people at tho Crystal Palaoo demonstration — (upplmiBo)— beside many thousands of thoso who would go to see thom, he would be a very Bihall mite in that great crowd. Ho would he liko tho needlo in the haystaok. But it would bo u iuot that he ' waB representing Australia. (Applauso.) And whether thoy would, or not Australia would pop up, its head. This littlo portion of tho worla was far too important to bo snowed up, tho very heat of.it would molt tho ; snow — (upplauso)— und -rovoal .it. to tho assembled orowa. He would be very glad to represent tbo Salvation Army hero because it is a : live ' - army — (applause)— though not so livo us he would like it perhaps. Ho had . hoard a compliment paid to the Salvation Army 111 Australia in this way. 'An officer, appointed to Australia .had said ho was rather afraid to go, heoause ho did not think he , would be lively enough for them. (Laughter.) Ho, was glad tiioy hud .tout idea, aud ho trusted that thoy would ho more alivo in too truest seiiso— uUvo to their own spiritual interests and their own soul's hoods and conditions, for ' they must watoh them. Ho believed ' thoro woro - people who scorned to havo the idea that there was. no need to bo enthusiastic in toeir .religion. But . they should ho more onfliusiastio iii thoir service for. Jesus Christ than in anything else in. too world. ;' Just ns'a Salvation Army officer "roaohed Ooolgdrdio the mon woro forced to leavo a part of the field for ' water, and one of tho men -was so done up that ho had . to comploto too last portion of tho journey on his hands/and knees, and with his tongue hungtag.out of his mouth. All that for. gold.' If amen wore to display suoh ontousiosm over, his religion many poople would say. he' was a madman, and - fit only for an. asylum. Bnt thoy wonted to "bo as much in earnest for too salvation of men, nay, moro in earnest, than men were to got gold." Each should he willing to saoriiloo soniothing for his follows he loved. : It was his priviledge a few weeks ago to go and sing und pray and spoak to too lepers yonder at the lazaretto ut Little Bay inSydnoy, and while thoro ho heard a story of beautiful solf-suorifioo. Going into one of toq. littlo oottnges ho saw toore ono, tho marks of tho disouao upon him showing vory, vory plainly that soon too fuoo would ho dropping away, who, ho was told,' had boon away from his home for two years (his homo wus not far away from where I10, Mr. Coombs, stood) . IIo got bnok as far as Sydnoy, when ho felt ill in hia body, and wont to a doctor. Tho doctor looked at him and sent him away, tolling him to call again. Tho man went baok again, nnd after making a thorough examination said to liim, "Sir, you havo loprosy. Have you a furoily P Tlio man said ho had a wife and six or soven children. Tlio dootor told him ho would nrrungo ior him to soo his wifo and ohildron botoro ho reported too enso, it be would promiso to oomc baok again, or if ho liked lio could go straight away to tho hospital. Tho man thought about it and toon ho said, .J' I liavq boon away from my. fapiily for two years, and I would liko to soo thorn, "but if I go thoy will know that I huvo the leprosy, and it may loak out to otliers, arid if it doos people will slum my children booanso I have tlio loprosy. No, I will forego seeing thom again in order to savo them." Ho was sent to tuo luzarotto at orioo, and ho has never sot oyos 011 his family since. That was fiolf- sa'crifico. Ihoy must go on too lines of solf-saoriticu for trio good of thoir follows, giving tliomsolvos daily for tho bonofit and hlossiug of thoir beloved nnd thoso mound thom. God would honour thom in blessing otoors, and in bringing thorn to a knowledge of tlio ..truth.- In. all thoir work it should ;bo'... 'Christ first. . jPcoplo wore beginning, to ' find out and nokiiow- lodgo that it wha" '."tlio refigiouB. .olbihbnt in tho" sooiul work of too Snlvatiori Army wliloh made it so iiuqeossful, and thirt whorovor there was true religion, there was true comradeship, true follbwiihip, truolbvcl, mid mdn would stand shoulder, to' toouldqr ivltlr ciioh bthof. . It had been 'Bald that his going- to tlid old country might moiiii a groat deal, "What it might iptun lio was riot prepared to gajri nor was he oxriotly ' prepared 'to toll' what seorots lio had with hlnf,, or "he would' linv'o ;rionb loft; for toe inqqtiug. of officors noxt evening. In conolusion, 1 hp referred to tho 'kindly expression of sjinpathy whioh had boon held orit to his wife, and silia it would ohoor her hoai;t. When ho and his wifo wore, separated thoy woro iff "the habit of using too word Mizpnh to oaoh other in thoir. corresporidenco, and this AVordhegavei to thom. ' The Commissioneb toon called' on Ensign; "Williams, - who, ho said, before .too vvook .was; outi -vvoiild ho far away in another pity— where, lio was not bound to. say just thon— to address 'too mooting. . ' \ . Ensign Whmams, in a fow words of a foivo- well nature, said all too strength was in too Lord .Josris Christ. ;Glio spolto of the faithful hand of workers with whom Bho had boon-' associated, and said as phe wont away- she wont- in too strength of God. ' . ' Tho meeting tl)ori resolvod.itsolf into a prayer mooting, at which a largo numbors remained. . . 