GOSSIP. Mr. Pullman, of palace-car fame, who is said to possess £10,000,000 sterling, says :— ' I believe that I am no better off — certainly no happier — than I waa when I didn't have a dollar to my name, and hod to work from day light until dark. I relished three meals a day then a good deal more than I do three meals a day now. I had fewer cares. I slept better. and I may add generally that I believe I was far happier in those days than I have been m&ny; times since I became a inil lion tire. And yet it is a comfortable feeling to be rich. ' ?'Is it not a pity,' writes a lady corres pondent from Florence to a contemporary, ** that our Queen dresses so badly * Might not the women of England subscribe and pre sent her with a sweet, soft, lacy, old lady's bonnet every month, and then perhaps the terrible black mushroom hat, and the grey hat with the draggled feathers, might be laid aside? When the Qoeen of Italy was here, with her lovely face uid most exquisite toilet, tbe contrast between the Queens was trying even to the most loyal of Englishwomen.' Princess Alix of Hesse was the ** first love ' of tbe late Duke of Clarence, who twice pro posed to her. The Princess was at that time resulved to marry only for affection, and although she liked tbe Duke very well as a cousin, yet she did not feel herself to be in love with him, so she refused his proposals. The Czarewitch (to whom Princess Alix is to be married) is, of course, a very brilliant match, but few people will be disposed to congratulate the Princess on her future pros pects, as he is weak, both mentally and physically, and by no means amiable in his temper, resembling, indeed, the Emperor Paul a great deal more than the Emperor Nicholas. It is notorious, besides, that the marriage of her Bister, Princess Elizabeth of Hesse, and the Grand Duke Serge is a very unhappy one. At the end of an interesting disenssion in Seribner's Magazine of the unwomanlinesa now produced by modern education among Ameri can woman, Miss Alice Gorren alludes to the fact that so many American girls marry non American men. The striking point is that she should ascribe tbis less to a fondness for English and European wealth or titles, as such, than to the essential unattractiveness of the American man, who is too busy making money to have energy left for sentiment. The average American male (she says) is a cold creature ontaide of his business and his politics ; one who courts and marries by instinct, bnt in whom appieheiuriou of the heights and depths of these delicate matters is as yet in the rudimentary etage. This lack of the emotional in tbe atmosphere with which he surrounds himself react* perceptibly on the American wouud. He gloria in it himself. Bat there bxc times when he does not love its results so welL It has been deplored that the American girl should show so un-American a fancy for man-vine into foreign nobilities. Titles ore supposed to be the word of the incantation in all these cases. It is soothing to the American to tell himself this ; but it is not a coudnrion borne ont by tbe facts. Any knowledge at all thorough of these internattooal marriages discloses too many instances in which the affections are involved as well aa the ambi tions. The American girl may smile at the prospect of the name and the blazon, and the bridegroom consider carefully the settiemeqta that will come with the bride. And still this does not shot out the fact that the two young people may be very tnach in love with each other. Some of these marriages are unhappy. So are some marriages among Americans, Bnt it would be foolish to refuse to recognise tbe many times when they are. on the con trary, extremely happy. As a lover, the European has several points in his favour be yond the American ; and the American girl has never been slow to find this out. THE SEWEST DIVERSION. Skirt-dancing for the time is dead in English society, and even the coster aongi of Mr. Albert Chevalier have ceased to be the attraction they once were. The reason is not far to seek. They have become common. And so, as with a fashion that has descended, the ' first flight ' of English society has Bought something new, and found it in tableaux vivajtu. Not, be it understood, the old simple living pictures such aa ??Sweet- hearts' or 'Little Red Riding Hood,' but elaborate and truthful representations from the works of great artists, the stage crowded with correctly-costumed figures, appropriate scenery in the back ground, and limelight used with tell ing effect. Snch great reproductions as the ' Roll Call,' the ' Execution of Mary. Queen of Scots,'' 'The Slave Market,' and 'The Passing of Arthur' being of the i*litf which have attained snch marvellous popu larity at home. Every artifice is used to give effect and add realism to the tableaux. The curtain rises on a pitch-dark stage. Slowly the lights are raised from the front, aides, and flies. Then, if needed, the coloured and lime lights ore turned ou. Appropriate marie of the best kind is played the whole time, and where necessary the song or ballad connected with or appropriate to the picture is sung, either behind the Bcenes or at the wings. For instance, daring the exhibition of the ' Roll Call ' the ' Queen's Letter ' is given, and with 'The Slave Market' Longfellow's beautiful poem ' The Slave's Dream,' com mencing ** Beside the nngathered rice he lay,' The new amusement has i-1 ready been pressed into the cause of charity in tbe colony by Lady Madden, who has commenced the preparation of a series of taUeattx f.w presen tation at the Bijou Theatre towards the end of July, the proceeds to be devoted to the various charities around Melbourne. Rcmem* bering the wonderful success of a similar enter tainment on a much smaller scale last year, it is certain, with the fuller accommodation * theatre can afford, that a still greater triumph can be achieved. Amongit the tnany effective pictures which have found especial favour the following may be mentioned : Venus catching Cupid (with % net), Comrades in Anne, Bubbles, Paolo and Francesca, Cleopatra and Antony (barge scene). The First Love Letter, Solitude, La Cigale, The Shy Lover, Herodias and Her Daughter, The Guardian Angel, How Lisa Loved the King. The Last Dance, The Widow's Mite, In the Stocks, The World went very well then, Louis XL, The Sculptor, The Passing of Arthur, The Death of the Firstborn, The Love Letter, The Health of the Bride, Darby and Joan, The Fates, Mr. Mantilini and the B&Hifis;, Many Wooers Sought Her Hand, An Undress Rehearsal, A Tiff, Sweethearts ard Wives, Faith, Consulting the Oracle, Joan of Arc, Launcelot and Elaine, Circe, Playmates, Old Love Renewed, The Return of the Penitent, The Interrupted Ghost Story, Alice in Won derland, Dotheboy's HalL 