ill dfllnML 37 AT"A s-rmv. CHAPTfcR IV.-(CONOLUD8D.) I lay b.iok ia toy olisir Bllod with a etrange certainty that Helen Annytage aod the o wner of tbe lockot I had found In ray bodroomat Sydnoy, were ono and theumo person. Nay, now I romemborcd having soon the initials, H.A., onuraven on tho back an I handed It to AlrsVipont, and it was tbo eight of thorn had wrung from hor that torrible cry. My sUter returned presently with tho letter, and I examined it closely, " Will yon trust it with mo for a short time. Gertrude' I asked. "I bolinvo 1 have a clue to thia mystery.'4 My sister consented. At tho end of ths weok I was so fur recovered as to be pre- i pared for iny jouruoy, and therofora bad hor and her husband Good-bye. When I arrived at Hobirt, 1 found that Alra Vipont And hor soa had taken up thoir rcsidenco at on old placo called Tho Bunga low, and situated about three miles outaido the city. The first puraou 1 mot when alight ing from tho conveyance was Professor Dray ton. His keou eyes rested on mine for an instant, which made me feol in some inexplic able way that he waa my master. He accosted me, however, in his raual polite, calm man ner, asked after toy health, luquirod if tho psssago had been pleasant, saw my things taken from the carriage, aud entered the bouse with me. 14 1 havo acoompanled my young friend," he cxpliincd ; poor Edgur requires some cue to bo constantly with him. aud has, I urn glad to say, taken quite a faooy to my com- panioobhip; but— " nod bo bowed gallantly, " 1 must give plans to metal more attractive. Ur Vipont bag boon looking forward eagerly for your roturn, Aliia Adams. You will find htm rauob changed, lio has grown strangely moroao, irritable aud nervous lately." " Iodood, I am truly sorry to hoar that, fair." And then I added, against my will, as It wero, "Professor Drayton, I sra ulad to havo mot you hero. 1 have somotMag carious to relate to you." "Ah I" ho answered, and his oyea flashed. "I thought as much. What Is it?" but Mrs Vipont entered ut that moment, and for a timo our conversation was at au end. I found my mistress looking well, but somowhat grave. " J am delighted to soo you again with us, my dear Miss Adams,4' sb said cordially. Edgar will bo glad, l4m sure. Ilo ie long ing to rocommcnco hie rosdfogs with you. Ah I yon remombor tbo Professor, I sco;" and hot thin, stiapoly Up ooinproaeod as if there had oomo to her eomo painful ro- mombranco with tho mention of his name. After lunch waa over Edgar Vipontscnt for ma to hit private room. Profouor Drayton was there when I entered. I was struck By the alteration in the young man's face, aud tbo peculiar enquiring glanoo ha east upon me. He was indeed changed. Tho aroh enemy, Doatb, waa plainly writton on bia pale aristocratic face. After a short oonveriation 1 produced tho books I had brought from Melbourne, soleotod one from amongst them, and began to road. At first tho siok youth lisUmoJ, bnt anon grew restless and excited in no small "What Is it, dear boy P" sold tbe Pro fessor. 41 Nay, " he replied with qoivoring lip. 14 1 feel us if Minn Adams had something to say to me away ahogotber from what sho is reading. Pray purdou mo, I Lave no ears to listen." Ho roeo abruptly and began to pace to up and down tho apartment. "Do not oxeito yourself, Edgar. Miss Adams has nows for you," said tho Profosuor coolly. lousing iu his walk, he fixed bf lustrous oyoa on mo and crloi ont, " What is it you have to toll me MUs Adams? Bpoofc. Pro fessor Drayton 1 bog of you. You havo seen tho vision again." 1 was astonisbod beyond uttersnoo. How did tho Professor know that I had nowa for Edgar Vipont. I am fain to confess that stnoo my tiiiir>inoo in tho homo, my mind had been hi some way fixed upon the letter of tho uofortuaato Holon Armytugetotho exclusion of other ideas, but my mouth had utterod nothing in eounootion with it. " Speak, Miss Adams, this suspense wilt kill mo." Tho Profowor'i eyes woro on me— his wilt mastered mioo ; nod without further reflec tion or hesitation I took from my pooket the letter my sister had f iven mo, and handed it silently to the involUT He sank down trem- b'ing on tho sofa, tore open the envelopo and began to read. It waa only for a moment, wbentbore broko from bim boart-ronding cry of distress, and tbo missive fell from his bands at ray feet. " My love I uy brave darling !" be criod. "Dead— dead ! Ah, Miss Adams, it is so— tell me all I" And be oaaght tno with a grip which made mo winco with pain. " Sho, who wrote that letter, and callol herself Helon Armytage, is doad indeod, air," I replied with a calmnote which sur prised me. Thoro wo a deep silence for sevoral minutes, nnd then Edgar Vipont asked in a storage hoar voice, "When did sho die?" "Ooo year and eight months ago. She wrote that letter an hour boforo her death.4' Tho worda epokon oarao from my mouth, bat not of my own will and ondoavor. 'Aud sho was ill— very IU— wben aho wrototbls?" "Yew— ill unto death. "Poor darling ; dead, and I lovod hor so. our livoa. Whero did she dloP With friends f" ho asked eagerly, " Yos, with my alalor," Ho fell to a psruasl of the letter, aad tbo Profetuor signed to mo to leave the roam. I did so, and he followed me. " Y ou havo not told biu all, ho sold, look ing aim fixedly. " There Is moro yet. I " Yos," I replied, quietly. " There is more. Sho took poison.'4 " What P" bo oricd, hi a suppressed tooo. "Poison 1 Nover toll blra feat. It would bo his death. X forbid you. You must obey I looked at blra, snrpri'cd by the violonco of his manner, but I feU I most oboy. "Now, tell mo all you know of this poor girl," ho said, seating himaulf bosidema. I repotted aU that had happened, a child repeating its task. "Do yoa know tbo history of Helen Army- " No ; pray tell it to mo, Professor Dray ton." " 1 1" ho criod. ' I am as ignorant of her as yon are, and know nothing further than what you have told me." CHAPTER V. I looked at Prytowor Drayton in amaze ment. "Sorely you aro jesting, rir!" <i Miae Adams, I waa never more aerioqa In my-llfe,'4 he answered solemnly. "X have studied Meatner, and believe to a certain ex tent in the theory tube propounded, bnt like yourself, I am practical, and do not believe in shadows." "And hew do yen explain all that has passed— my vision— and tbo letter being moved from the dressing table V He shook bis head, and repeated the linos from Hamlet. "There are more things in heaven and oarth, Horatio, thAn are dreamt of in our philosophy." " You astonish me, Professor," " Wo are all a mystery; more or less, he repllod. ' ' The essence or power we call soul is a subtle force— little comprehended. Sym pathy—or more properly speaking, affinity— has puzzlod our deepest Utinkars ; bnt the days are coming when there things will bo understood and tbe laws that govern th, You saw, or fancied you saw, the eoeneof her death esaetad before yooreyee, . This va cue Was nelly bet enacted ; yoa saw It aa you express It In your mind's eye. To mo it there fe a strong affinity between the eoni of this poor girl and yourself, by whioh m iens lite news of her doath aisht be cuds known to hor twin essence Edgar Vipont Do yon comprehend mc!" "Not very well, sir. Why should a third person bo mod aa a modinm botween them?" " Became tho forco of sympathy was evidently moro on rapport between your soul and hers than with his whom sho rind loved ia tlie flesh," beaosworod. Editor Vipont is very proud and reserved ; bnt before bin death — aod he will dio ore loner— I fesl that — that bo will take yon into his coafidenco, Miss Adams, and tall you all." For throe months I saw tho invalid daily, n wan grave anil rewtvod, as when 1 had first known him, nod no allusion to Helen Armytage or hot totter evor possod his Hps. Then oarae tho timo when ho grow so weak as to be confined to hie room, ami the days and weeks went by, and 1 hoard from the Pro fessor that bo was dying. I was summoned to his room. Opposito his couch my oyos fell upon that portrait I had first seen in Sydney. Ho smiled as my guze went from the picture to hisfsoo. " Miss Adams, I want to talk to von," ho said, "to talk of her," plooolng at the por trait. "Tbo only woman I loved ; and who over bad (ho powor to stir tho depths of rcy heart i am by nature cool, and not easily movod either for rood or for evil, and, Uko most natures of that sort, for mo to lovo onee wan to love for ever." There waa no ono in the room savo Pro fessor Drayton, who appoared deeply absor bed with a book ho was reading by tho window, whilsi Edgar Vipoot told tno his brief talo. " Ilnleu Armytage," ho continued, 14 ocon- pied tho same position in our household as yon now hold, Miss Adams. Shu was an orphan And ponnllou. My mother took a fancy to hcrwhonehowatquito a«irl, on coo ing nernt a oonntry honso in Westmoreland whoro wo happened to bo on a visit. For throo years eho was trained and oduuatod, so that she might boooma tho companion of my raothor. Well, to bo ai briof as poisiblo, ere many months had passed, after sho returned from school, I lovod Helen, and waa not long in discovering that my toolings were reoiproo&tod; yot I think my afluotion frlgbtonod hor. Sho considered borrelf bolowmo, and soomod tofcol from tho first that our marriago was «n im possibility. I thought otherwise ; but U9 tho event proved, I was wrong." Hsro ue paused and sighed doopiy. "My raothor, who is an d.u„hK,r and allied to some of (hi grandost families in England, soon discovered oar secret, und hor surprise and disgust I shell uovcr for get. I had oxpootod to moot with tepulsos and coldnoss from tho chlof of our hooso, but I did not dream that my mother would show snob grief and determined opposition to my beantifol, refined, and oharmine Holen. Sho deolarod that Helon should return again to the post of govornosn in Westmoreland, bnt I protostod I woald leave the bouso for evor if she oarrlod out her threat. "As it was, Holen was shot up alone in her apartmont, and it was not until my mother bed tried overy art and argument to turn mo from my purpose that abe gavo in, and liko a wiso. good women, scolng that abe could not induce mo to abandon my in tention of marrying Ilelcn, appoared to unito her efforts with raino to smooth away tho ob jection of my kinsfolk. " Meanwhile the poor girl's life was a sad one. We lovod each othor dearly, but she know ray mother's proud spirit tattur than I did. She folt perhaps that oven as my wife sho would uevor be forgiven, and so as tho days went by the haunting expression snob as you pco thero," pointing to ths picture, "came fur the first timo into her oyoi. " Jt was about this time that tho parent- ago of my darling was mado known to mc, and alsoAUppliod my relations with a power ful woapon against ray folly, as thoy torraod it. Helen's father, although of good family, wos a captain in a marahing regiment, sta tioned in India, and with nothing but his pay to llvo on. During amass brawl Fred Army tot»<i struok his ooramanding officer, waa tried by aonrt martial and cashiered. Tho Affair might havo ondod hero, but tha unfortunato captain, maddened by tbo dlagraoo which had overUkon bim, went to tho colonel's quarter and demanded satisfaction. Colonel il refused on tbo plea that Captain Annytage was no longer In a position to de mand It, whereupon tho Csptaio prodneed a pair of dneliinc pbtols, cotrpdlod bis enemy to faoe him, and shot the eolonol doad upon the spot For thle terrible badness tho un fortunate parent o! my darling yet lingers out a degraded lifo at 1'ortland." " A convict," I criod, with a ibndilor. " Aye, a convict," ho anawered in a low tono. ' What man with ono spark of honor in bis bosom would mato with a felon's brood ?' they oried. Thus they won me over to oonsent to our Mparation. Helen's grief waa something fearful to witness wbon they brought tbo news to hor that we wore to ba separated for time. That ovoning, as she bade me goodnight, she clung to my noek and sobbed as I havo never seen mortal sob before. I tried lo comfort hex as best luonld, bnt sho was taken from me insensible, and I havo never seen her from that hour, or knew her fate nntil you placed that fatal lotter in my hand." He lay back exhausted with his effort, bnt recovered presently, and added, "I felt, indeod, that she was dead sinoo the night of the eesnoe with my eld friond the t'rofer∨ thut on oarth wo should meet no moro. But, oh 1 how I havo longod for a last word or soma token from her thnt 1 might know the manner of faer death. You nave Huppueu mo who wnat a craved for, Miss Adams. I know now that my darling diod amongst frlonds, and not, as 1 have too often piotarod to myself, of atarvatiou in the strooto, or of some sickness in some public hospital. 1 havo proof hore that sho lovod mo to tho ond, as 1 havo also, that wo shall oovsr bo united again in this world. Well, 1 shall see her soon, "and a imile camo over his "This aarao lovo which held us will assnredly nnfto us again in heaven. Mlsa Adama, raise me up, nod give mo a drink." ' Within tbo weok Edgar Vipont died. HI irond mother waa Inoooaolablo, and. for month nothing seemed to roasoherfromtbn state of deep molaooholy into whioh the loss of her son had plunged her. By tbo advloo of Professor Drayton wo relumed to Europe. We spent two years In Franco and Italy, and then returned again to Tasmania, and took a mansion within view of Edgar Vipont's grave. And here we still live, and havo our belna from day to dsy.- -"Btoeetvita." 