PUBLISHED DAILY. Echcca : Tuesday, Adoukt 21, 1894. AN APPEAL TO THE ( "OUNj.ltY. The discussion on tho wanc-of-confidonco motion, proposed by Mr G. Turner, will bo continued this afternoon, and probably a division will be taken to^night. The speec'i by the member for St. Kilda lias not, how ever, imbued tlio, House with the belief that lie is the man who cnn restore the equili brium of Victoria's finances, and the ques tion is very pertinently asked, who is Mr Turner going to take in with him as Trea surer, suppose ho does occupy tho Ministerial bonches ? Not Sir Graham Berry, who has already been tried and found wanting. The speech of tho Premier, in reply to Mr Turner, convinced members that if they were not entirely onamourod of tlio Patterson policy there did not appear much promise of an improvement by displacing it to enable Mr Turner to drag back into power some of tho already discredited Shiels' administra tion'. Tho A never aia agree very cordially, so that it is not surprising to find that journal fighting tlio Premier with all the power it can. It remains to bo seen, however, whether the Age has tho power in the land it professes to exert. Influence, howovor great, which is used,to bolster up sliamolcss intriguing for office, suoli as has disgnced tho present Parliament almost from its election Borne three years ago, and which intriguing is moro open in the present ses sion than ever, is not calculated to im prove any journal in the eyes of tho general public. The truo facts of tho case are that the Patterson Government wero called upon to exercise a wise economy and a system of retrenchment without, at tho same time, flooding the labor markets through dis missals. Taxation was to bo avoided, as tho extreme dullness of tho times had made tho people unfit to meet extra taxation. This was a policy which received the appro. vaL oi the Age, which not bo long tigo preached the policy of retrenchment. Ex- | porience has shown that Iho decline in the revenue was more severe tlmn was at first imagined, and that the reductions which might serve to meet the decline in revenue of 1892-3 have not been enough to moot the further declino of j 893-4. No ono, not oven the omniscient Age, foresaw that the drop would bo as heavy as it has been, and tho Treasurer has boon pulled to pieces for not showing that perspicuity that his do tractors assert ho should have evinced, al though it is abundantly evidont that none of his hostile critics showed it themselves, Tho Ay, which is remarkably wise after tho ovent, was equally blind tweh o months ago to tho future. Id preached retrenchment then, and upon that line tho Government has gone so far that it lias earned tho deop hostility of tho service—both civil and rail wayV. Government employes individually anxious not to have their services dispensed with and individually agcoeablo to retrench ment, aro still collectively determined to resist tho eftbrts of the Government to bring down expenditure from its rocent high level. Tho Age. has dropped retrenchment and veered round to taxation, because it finds tho policy is not popular with a large section of the community, which also fur nishes a considerable quota of that otior mo'us circulation of which it eternally boasts. How n scheme of Sir Frodorick Sargnod's — tho most conservative of Conservatives— is trotted out, which is nothing lass than a property tax. Tho idea is welcomed as an excellent one, but wo find what tho motiv* of Sir Frederick Sargood's is in a lottor in Saturday's issue of tho Ayo, whon ho aug gusts that his property tax should be ad opted and the present land tax discarded. Self interests at tvork again. Sir Frederick Sargood does not want a land tax as that affects him, but lie does not object to a proporty tax which will affect liira less in proportion, and tho liberal!?) Age lias j[ taken him up. Tho Age ia not latterly very enthusiastic upon land taxation. It lias those conneotod with it who ore interested more or less in largo land estates, and so its policy is more or less warped. Tho Promior touched the radical journal on a raw spot when ho commented upon tho casa with which that journal took up and droppod its publio raon. Of course, it is tho public men who liavo always gone astray.. The Age Is, of course, the emblem of truth, honor, and stick-to-it-iveness, as Dr Talmnge would say. We give it tho credit of sticking faithfully to its own peculiar creed, bufcwhatthatcreed is, or oven was, no man knoweth, nob even tho mosfc saga and venorablo of our politicians. The present Government undoubtedly suf fered in preBtigo by its action in connection with tlio Budget, but it has suffered more by the manner in which it is treated by the House and tho Age. That journal com menced to "drop"the Governmentmonthsago because it had not the courage and manliness to support an administration which strove to administer the government of the tjolony for t he colony, and not forseCtionsand cliques and fac tions in the Community. IftheAssemblystood by tho Government as it ought to have done, and legislated only in tho interests of the colony, tho Government would not be placed in the false position it is to-day. Seeing that, it is only reasonable to presume that, should the vote go against tho Patterson Ministry, tho House should be dissolved, and the. country appealed to. Bonooan Council.—Last evening a moot ing of the Council was held, after the Water Trust meoting, the Mayor presiding. A letter was road from the Land Officer, Ben digf>, stating an application had been made by IJ. Nolan to have allot 1, section 7, town area, put up for sale or made available foe occupation, and asking if the council had nny objection. It was agreed that the Town Clerk should attend the Land Board and notify that the Counoil had no objection providing the ingress and egress rights of private property were not affected. An offer from J. Denis, Echuca East, to provide a boat to ferry residents over the croek at Mackintosh's mill during the flood at 5s per diom was made by letter, and it was decided to xsall tenders for the work. A ratepayer named Walter Collins drew attention to the dangerous condition of an untenanted house iu Hovell-street, and the Town'Clerk, aftor the council had obtained information by discussion, was empowered to take steps to remedy the matter at once. MAGISTERIAL INQUIRY.—Yesterday a magis terial inquiry was held into the death of William Carr, of Moama, who died on Sun- day morning suddenly. A verdict of death from natural causes was returned. Police Changes.—We understand that Sergeant Lannin, of Eaglehawk, will not r«place Sergeant Steele at Echuca, but that he will be transferred to Heatbcote. It is probable that the officer in charge of the latter station will bo appointed to Echuca. Borough Election.—As usual, in connec tion with the borough election, the candi dates will address a meeting the night before the election day in the Town-hall. A Handsome Gift.—Captain William Thompson, of the steamer Adelaide, on the occasion of his marriage recently, was the recipient of a very handsome gift in the shape of a massive marble 21-day clock from his companions and co workers in the Murray River Sawmills, who testified their appreciation of liis worth and signalised the auspioious occasion of his marriage by this very useful and ornamental present. A False Alabm.—Yesterday -aftm-"™-. : „„ —ivui ui uie mia-aay tram, a rumor got afloat that n furthor consign ment of non-union Bhearers had arrived, and a largo number of unionists made for the wharf to ascertain the truth. As neither train nor steamer made their appearance theysoon returned, in the belief that there was no foundation for the report. Echuca Recreation Club.—A meeting of the committee of the above was held yester- day afternoon in the Mayor's-room, Town- hall. Present—Mesdames Weymouth, Bart- lett, Spearitt, Lyell, Rodda, and Whitehead; Messrs Vines, Ponsford, Andrews, Harts- horn, and the secretaries (Messrs A. G. Foyster and W. Kent). Reports were given by the canvassers, which were very encourag- ing, both in the number of members and financially. The offer of Mr R. M. Drum- mond to supply articles required for the gymnasium was accepted. In reference to the building, it was resolved to engage the building known as the "Millewa Club" for three months, with the option of a renewal for a term of twelve months. Sub-com- mitteos were appointed to attend to the furnishing of the building and also arrange for a social for the opening night. Other routine business was transacted, and the committee adjourned; i oLTCE Couut.—Mr J. H. Morpliet, .T.I'., occupied the bench yesterday morning, j'. [ Ilickoct wns oharged with unlawfully aseault ing 0110 H. Crumpley 011 Saturday. Crumpley deposed that he was asleep in his waggon in Noble's yard when accused camo and after throwing witness's tools into the waggon oil top of him, caught him by the throat. Witness called for help and Constable Gorin came and took acoused in charge. Constable Gorin gave evidence that he heard the cries for help and on going to the scene saw 110 ousod with Crumpley on the ground, prisoner having Crumploy by the throat. Prisoner elected to be sworn and gave evidonce on hie own behalf. He stated that a couple of weeks ago witness bought a horae, cart, and tools for making tinware, and, with witness camo to Echuca. Crumpley had boon drunk nearly everv dav ainllii-ihu hud gob tii'od of him, and on Saturday night determined to take tho horao and waggon. Two young men wore with him and tlioy took the horso and cart, and prosecutor auu witness then had a souffle. Ho produced a receipt for tho horse and waggon. Crumploy was engaged by him to sell the goods. The bench dismissed tho case, remarking - that tho men would liavo to fight tho partner ship affairs themsolves. Death op Guard Williams.—Wo tako tho following from tho Argus of yesterday " Samuel WilliamB, tho guard of tho oxpress train between Melbourne and Port Fairy, was drowned on Sunday afternoon whilo fish ing from tho rocks on the Southern Beach, about two miles from tho town, in company with another railway cmployd named O'Lcary, at, a spot known as the Devil's Hole. An enormous wavo rolled in suddenly, covering both men. O'Loary, although upto above thu waist in tho water, succoeded in maintaining hisfooting, but Williams was washed into the hole. Ho is said to bo a married man with a family of four children living at Goelonu." Many of our readers will remember tho un fortunate deceased Williams as r. most oblig ing guard, for many yeara on tho line be tween Echuca and Bendigo, and will regret hearing of his untimoly end. The £ iibmier's Speech.—Thorehas boon a largo amount of comment indulged in re garding tho speech of Sir James Patterson, issued in painphlot form by tho Govern ment printer. His opponents have made enquiries with tho view of Ascertaining undor . what conditions tho work was issued from ' tho Government oQico. Tho Premier oxplains that tio ordered tho work to bo charged to him. Tho pamphlets wont through tho post undor frankod atampago, but it iB not known what arrangement the Promiorhas made with tho post-office. A Mare's Nest.—The Melbourne Evening Stan&rd;, in its issue of Saturday, takes tho trouble to point out to tlio JEclmea public that thoy are laboring under a falso impres sion when they entertain the idea that tho Government issued fres passes to a body of non-union shearers who recently arrived at Echnoa, imtl embarked on tho steamer Kodney en route to n wool station. As tho public meeting hold was called for the purpose of protesting against free passes boini; issued to general laborers to como to border towns, and as tho impression never existed for a moniunt that tho passes were being supplied to non-union shearers, it will bo seen that, the error is on tho side of tho Melbourne ovening journal—and not on the side of those who took part in tho public meeting. F«6othall.—Tho taani to represent tho Eelmca. district clubs agaihst Deniliquin to morrow at Deniliquin will be bhosen from the following : - Bowles, Burkett, Cleland, Moron $), Noble (2), O'ltourke, Hansen, Rofe, Ryan, Stainer, Larkin, Ounninglinm, Irwin, Russell, Flowers, JHill, Johnstone, and Harvey. Tailorinq.—Mr 6. Lugg, the representa tive of Messis Tippettand Olemence, tailors, of Ballarat, may,. be seen at. Swanell's Farmers' Arms Hotel, froitt Tilesday to Friday next. SsrAnoe lUifcwAi FAtaxtty.—On Satur-' day night n fireman named Arthur Partridge was run over by a train. He had been working during the night with Driver Wil liam Bradford when suddenly he fell off the engine. The driver did not report the occurrence, but actually ran the train down tn Flinders street station and buck to St. Kilda by himself. It appears ohat the fire man did not fall on to, the line till about ten minutes.to eight o'clock, and it was the eight train whioh ran; over 'jhim. An enquiry is being held . • . ? - DusFEitatb BuiiciiARS.—A sensational out rage occurred in Bourko-street on Saturday night, when two burglars broke Into Richardson's hotel. The landlord was awakened and the assistance o£ Oonstobloj Byers and Mercer obtained. On being affronted the burglars attempted to escape. The landlord was knocked insensible. Con stable Mercer stood in tho doorway and as the men came out he struck one with liis baton, and partially disabled him. He then pursued the second one, who suddenly turned around and fired b revolver sliot whioh missed the constable. The burglar fired a second shot, which struck the con stable in the arm, and a third one which entered his neck. Both men escaped. It is not considered that Constable Meicer's life is in danger. Odr Export Trade. —A shipment of 16 tonstof rabbits and hares was despatched to London on Saturday iti the R.M.S. Oroya by the Department of Agriculture, The department expects the export of butter from tho colony during the approaching season to largely exceed that of any previous year. About 100 tons, which will practically be the first shipment of tho season, will leave on Saturday week, and thence onwards there will be large weekly consignments. There is every prospect of there being an I abundance of' grass ' during the coming spring, and it is believed that the creameries and butter factories will bo taxed to their utmost in dealing with the quantities of milk. The export bonus on butter is no longer paid by the department, the trade now being thoroughly established, and re quiring no assistance from the Government, though the department maintains sufficient oversight of the trade to prevent butter of inferior quality being despatched. Negro Catholics.—There are about 1(10,000 negro Catholics in tho United States; there are 21 sisterhoods teaching in 108 schools over 8000 negroes. Four com munities are especially devoted to the negroes—the Sisters of St, Francis; the Sisters of the Holy Ghost, San Antonio, Texas ; tho Sisters of tho Blessed Sacramcnt, Mother Katlierine Drexel's community ; and tho Mission Helpers of Baltimore. St. Joseph's Seminary of Baltimore and its feeder, the Epiphany College, Highland Park, Baltiinora, are training young men for tho negro missions. in high Life.—Says- an exchange During the week Judge Moles worth, in the Insolvency Court, has called attention to a matter which lias more than (Mice been alluded to in theso columns—that is, that the man who by adverse circum stances is forced into the Insolvency Court owing a few hundred pounds finds himself badgered and squeezed on all sides, in the hope of getting another shilling or two in tho pound out of him. The individual who in tho most reckless way has run up debts to the tune of hundreds of thousands of pounds find that nobody troubles about op posing or squeezing him, and he drives up to the court in his carriage and pair. Hav ing obtained his certificate, he smilingly de parts, Bplashing tho mud from tho wheels of his carriage over some of his unfortunate creditors, who have no carriages, but have to trudge on foot or ride on common three penny trams. This certainly is a state of affairs not calculated to advance the interests of careful trading or honest dealing. It would be interesting to ascertain his Honor'* views as to liow this deplorable state of affairs is to bo Remedied, but on this aspect of affairs Judge Molesworth was mum. Pity that ho was so 1 