THE STORYTELLER Highland Cousins. A NOVEL. By William Black. Author of ' A Princess of Thule,' ' Macleod of Dare,' &c;, &c.; (Copteight.) Chapteb XXXI.— SUNLIGHT ABROAD. It was between 11 and 12 on the forenoon of the following day that the scholars in Allan Hender son's class wf re aroused from the weariful monotony of their toil by an amazing apparition — for the advent of a stranger at the door of the hall could hardly be accounted less. Head after head was surreptitiously turned until the whole school was covertly staring at this ntw-comer, who stood there irresolute ; the master alone remained unconscious — he was woTkinc out on a slate before him some arithmetical problem, while two or three lads clustered around. A kind of hush of curiosity had fallen upon the dull, grey benches ; the appearance of a visitor was an almost unprecedected thing : moreover, tins visitor was a young woman. So unusual, indeed, was such an event, that no one knew what to do ; they waited for the master himself to find out that a caller was there. The slate was handed back to its owner ; at the same moment, by some freak of chance, Allan Heudersou became aware that the distant doorway framed a human figure; the next ins' ant his startled vision had told him who this was. At once and hurriedly lie qu'fteri the 11:11 row platform, passed down the mi- f-l!e of Hie r nm, ; nd went out upi i» the stone ttaiu asr, whither B 1.1 bara had retreated as soon as she saw that he was coming. She was rather breathless, but she was trying to look pleased ; the bewilderment was all on his tide. ' When will you be leaving the school f ' she said. ' At 1 o'clock,' he answered her^fur this was a Saturday. ' Gould you not come away rather earlier— about a quarter to 1 f ' she said ; ' I am wishing to speak to you, if it is not too much trouble. My aunt was telling me you are thinking of going away from this country for two years or the like of that ; and she was saying it was a great pity to be going away from your own people and your friends, and maybe you have not considered it. If you would come for a little walk, when the school is over, then there would be the chance of speaking of it, and perhaps you will not go away from your friends ? ' For a moment he was speechless ; he could hardly believe his senses. Here, in the dusk of the stair way, was a sort of radiant creature ; and the marvel was that her voice, instead of being angry and taunting, was soft and ingratiating ; while her eyes, no longer darting scornful flames, were quite amiable, with a modest and conciliatory appeal in them. She was a trifle excited, it is true ; her sentences were somewhat disconnected, but there was nothing save goodwill in her aspect. Nay, she Beemed anxious he should clearly understand that he had awakened her interest and sympathy; her looks, timid as they might be, were yet smilingly benignant ; he could not but perceive that her heart was warm and well intentioned towards him. The schoolmaster forgot his wondering school ; he forgot all the rest of the universe— blinded as he was by tf'-se beautiful, appealing, kindly eyes. ' Indeed, I would not have sought to bother you with my poor affairs,' he managed to say, with great embarrassment— when she interrupted him ? ' But you can come a little before one f' she asked, quickly. ' Yes, I think I can do that ? ' ' And I will be waiting for you in front of the railway-station ; we could have a little walk round by the shore, and by the Gallows Hill, or anywhere you pleased.' It was an inconceivable kind of thing; and yet surely he had heard aright? And surely nothing could exceed the friendliness of her manner— if those liquid, clear-shining eyes spoke true? ' I hope you are not vexed with me for interrupt ing you/' she said ; and the slight hesitation in her speech, along with its accent, was like music in his ears ; ' but I am sure it would be a pity if you went away from your own country without a little con sideratlou. And I will be there, waiting, if it is not too much trouble for you.' ' The trouble ?'' said he ; aud erea now he had not recovered from hi* stupefaction. ' I do not understand v?hy you should trouble yourself about me, or about anythng that is likely to happen to me. I cannot understand your kindness. But I will meet you there—' ' And at a quarter to one ?' she asked again. ' Yes, as soon as that, I hope,' he answered her. And then, without bidding him good-bye, but with a parting glance and a smile, she turned and left. What further instruction his pupils received thitday may have been of any sort ; it was little he knew. There was much that was ' taken for granted,' 60 as to hurry on ; and by a quarter to one he had dis missed his class, and was himself free and in the. outer air. Yet that had been no incorporeal vision— no trick of the brain— no waking day- dream in the midst of the weary hours ; for now, as he drew rapidly near the railway-station, he could see the actual and living Barbara undoubtedly standing there, just within the door of the ticket-office, where she could occupy herself in watching the passers-hy. Moreover, it was also clear that she had made use of the interval to deck herself out very bravely ; and 'Barbara,' said Allan, of a sudden, 'I have decided I will not accept this tutorship. I will remain where I am, and get on with my classes, and have a word now and again with one or two friends I care for. And it's thanks to you for concerning yourself about such poor trifles.'— Chapter XXXI. did not that mean something too ? A wild confusion of joy arose in his heart ; he thought of the student's phrase in ' Faust' — ' eine Magd im Putz ' ; 6urely it was something more than a mere friendly solicitude about his immediate plans that had led her to array herself bo smartly, in order to keep this appointment and go for a walk with him? Nay, when she be came conscious of hia approach, the soft and rare shell-pink of her cheek deepened ; it was with a. pretty bashfuluess that she offered him her hand ; and quite natural'y and lover-like she set herself by his side to accompany him. They passed out from the railway-station, and took their way round by the harbour; but in (ruth he did not heed which direc tion they followed ; it was enough that some miracle had been wrought— and the world was filled with suolight. . The strange thing was, that although she bad made this tryst with him ostensibly to discuss his future schemes, now that the opportunity had arrived she had not a word to say about them. She was talking to him, it is true, and with unusual eagerness and vivacity; she was addressing him with, glances as well as with speech ; she was smiling and laughing, and apparently she was greatly de lighted to have him for her companion; but all through this light- heartedness and affectation of interest, there was a forced note. Especially as they drew near to the South Quay, from which the Aros Castle was just about to depart— especially then did this half -hysterical merriment become more pronounced, until she hardly seemed to know what she was saving. ' Oh, yes, indeed,' she continued— and never once were her eves turned in the direction of the steamer—' yes, indeed— about Mr. M'Fadyen— the poor man must have suffered a great deal before he was driven to confess. It was to Jessie that he came — and he told her he never meant to cheat — it was only a joke, picking up Mr. Gilmour's ball, hut he was led into it— he was led into it ; and they did not notice the trick — and bo, when it was too late, he let them think he had won the game fairly.' ' Aud how long did his conscience slumber ?' the schoolmaster asked. ' Never at all -never at all,' sa:d Barbara, laugh ing and giggling in that curiously excited manner. At this moment they were passing along the quay, close to the shore end of the gangway; and if Barbxra scrupulously kept her gaze fixed on the ground, or turned towards the face of her com panion, Allan Henderson at least was well aware that the purser, on the upper deck of the vessel, was staring at them as they went by. ' The poor man — I am sorry for him.' Barbara went on — and her feverish gaiety sounded far from natural. ' It was to Je js:e that he cune first— to c in fess— maybe he was not able to slesp at nights for thinking of what he had done — and he was asking Jess whether he ought to tell Mr. Gi!m 3ur — or maybe it was enough if he confessed to her ? ' ' And did she grant him absolution, Barbara ? Or did she impose a penauce V asked the schoolmaster, lightly. By this time, behind them, the Aros Castle had moved away from the quay, and was now steaming across to the Norih Pier. Allan could not understand why Barbara had so resolutely ignored the existence of the Purser ; perhaps she was really preoccupied with this tale of hers about the dejec tion of the conscience -stricken councillor. Anyhow, it was as well that the steamer had gone ; there would be no fear of interruption now. But presently, when they had got past the quay, and were approaching the Gallows Hill, her mood changed; her deraonsfrative hilarity vanished ; she had nothing further to tell about the councillor and his remorse ; she seemed rather iiicliued to be ] roud, and morose, and petulant. ' I do not underhand,' she fald, ' why you should wish to go away from your own country.' 'It is something to see the world, ' he answered her, but with no great enthusiasm ; how easy it was for her to say the word that would have held him back! 11 The day and the night there,' she continued, ' are the same as the day and the night here ; you canuot live more there than you csn here. And if it is for money, well, I am hearing from more than one that your classes in the evening are doing fine ; and why should you make such a sacrifice — that is what I hear them asking ? ' ' Money is not everything,' he made answer. Aud then he hesitated. He dared not imperil these wonderful new relations that had been so suddenly established. It was so surprising and unaccountable a thing to find himself walking with Barbara in this sweetheart fashion — herself neatly pranked out for the occasion — her eyes and voice betraying at leist some measure of amiability towards him — that he dreaded to destroy his chances by any pre cipitancy. And yet he Baid: 'There 'is one that could bid me Btay* if she wished.' ' And who is that one ?' she asked. They were now ascending the Gallows Hill ; and she stooped and picked up a wild flower — a bit of red campion it was, from the foot of the trees. Without waiting for his answer — if he had intended to answer — she presented him with the fragment of blossom, and Baid in rather an off-hand way : ' Will you wear it? But it is not good enough for to-morrow ; you would want something far better for your coat if you were to come along to morrow, after the church is out, and walk up and down to look at the people. Maybe Jessie and me will be out too, and it is very nice to see a young man have a flower in his coat.' 'I do not care about wearing such things,' he said ; ' but this little gift of yours, Barbara, I can treasure.' And therewith he took out his pocket book, aud carefully placed the scrap of weed in it. Nor even now would he speak unguardedly, though the mysterious magnetism of her presence— the fascination of the movement of her dress even — wjs stealing over him and enthralling his senses ; and wild indeed were the hopes that were thronging thick into his brain. Then, again, when they had reached the summit of the hill, and gone along and sat down on the circular bench at the foot of the flagstaff, it was a calm and summer-like scene that lay stretched out before them, from Dun-da-gu and the far Glashveu. in the north round to the silver- grey peaks of Cruachen in the east — then again she said : ' It is strange that you should be so different from other young men, and your ways so different ; but maybe it is better that you are so busy with your studies aud your classes ; for Jessie she is always speaking of the great and proud position you are to have, and I hope soon. Oh, yes, I hope soon ; and it is a fine thing to be ambitious, and have people talk about you ? ' '? There are other things of perhaps greater im portance in human life,' he interposed ; but that was all ; he would not startle her away from him by any passionate appeal ; it sufficed that she allowed him to be near her, to be even tremblingly conscious of the touch of her gown, on this morning of marvels. ' Barbara,' he Eaid, presently, ' do you remember the night the Sanda struck on the Lady Rock ? I was up here that night. It was from here that I saw the white things shoot up into the black sky ; and many's the time since then I've thought that they were a sort of message from you to me.' ' And what could you be doing up here at such an hour?' said she, indifferently glancing at the wide waters of the bay and the hills. ' Well, I have always been used to going about a good deal by myself,' he answered her, in a more absent tone. ' There are many matters that a man has to thresh out ; and the night is the best time for thinking ; the dark is quiet. It is well for you that you have not to face these problems and perplexities. B AH you have to do is to look beautiful and winning ? —that is your place in nature — that is enough ; and if ? you add to that the showing a little kindness here and ? there, then you become of quite inestimable value to ? the people around you. Look at my own case,' he ? went on ; 1S look at what you have done for me this ? morning. I hardly cared whether I went away for m two years, or stayed at home ; but if you take auy M interest in these poor affairs of mine, then it would ?£ be very different— then it would be worth consider- »; ing. A single word from you would be enough — ' If ' Oh, as for that,' she said, somewhat saucily, M- ' I do not kuow that I could be interfering. My B aunt and Jessie would tell you that I was too stupid || and ignorant to understand about the ambitions of a || young man ? ' If ' There are other hopes of far more importance, If he paid hastily. ' Barbara, don't you understand || that you have brought them all back to me again || through your friendliness of this morning ? But— m but I will not alarm you ; that would be a poor return. I will not even ask you to say the word that would keep me in this country.' ' I was only telling you what I was hearing.' sbe replied, evasively, ' that it would be a great sacrifice for you to give up your classes— and your friends would be sorry you went away ? ' 'And would you be sorry too, Barbara? he = asked, making bold to regard her. ? 'I would be like the others, I suppose,' the B answered, toying with the black bugles that adorned ? the front of her dress. I But this maiden coyness did not deceive or dis- ? courage him ; on the contrary, his heart was filled ? with a transport that seemed to demand utterance, ? in spite of his rigorous self-restraint. H ' Barbara,' said he, of a sudden, ' I have de- ? cided I will not accept the tutorship. I will remain m where I am, and get on with my classes, and hare a H {Continued on page 812.) ? word now and again with one or two friends I care for. And it's many thanks to you for concerning yourself about such poor trifles.' She rose. 'I must bs going now,' she said. ' But, Barbara,' he protested— for he could not let her return to the town without seeking to secure a continuance of her favour, without bargaining for a repetition of this bewildering and enchanting interview — ' you must tell me when I am to see you again.' 'Wei?, to-morrow, then,' she answered, cheer fully, ' if you come along the front, after the churches are out. And I will be looking for some one wearing a very nice flower in his coat, for you must not forget that.1' Nay, bo kind -was she, and such an interest did she - show in his affairs, that, as they walked back into Duntroone together, she evtn ventured to re monstrate with him about his costume — which was of a simple, plain, workaday character ; :iiid she hinted that on special occasions, such :is the next day's after-cliureh promenade, he ought to. dre.cs like the fashionable young men, who on Sundays wore coloured kid gloves, ami smart neckties, and tall hats. Allan laughed and shook his head ; hut all the same, lie was exceedingly grateful to her for her advice ; indeed, when he had bade farewell to her at the entrance to the house in Campbell-street, and turned to come away again, so overjoyed was ho, so happily in love with all the world was he, that a vague and general wish possessed him to give somebody something. And the first person that he chanced to encounter was Niall Gorach. Chaiteb XX XII.— THE FOOL'S REVENGE. Niall was in a sorry plight. His clothes were dishevelled and smothered with dust ; his face was scratched and bruised *, and the palms of his hands and his wrists, which he ruefully regarded from time to time,- were torn and bleeding. u What's all this now ?' said the schoolmaster. Then the half-witted lad told his tale. He had been outside the town, at the foot of the Dunach hill, when the Melfort coach eatne along. ( )n the top of it was a certain farmer-youth named Dan Kingarra— that is, Dan of the Kingarra farm— with one or two of his companions ; and it occurred to this facetious person that he would invite Niall to get up beside them, no doubt for the purpose of pro viding them with sport. Tilings appeared to have gone on well enough while they were slowly ascend ing the hill and driving along the level summit ; but when they were rapidly descending the steep incline on the townward -side the motive of Dan Kingarra's kindness became clear. He would have Niall jump off behind while the coach was tearing down the hill ; and this the poor chap was eventually compelled to do, with the inevitable consequences ; he was hurled along the stony high way, face downward : bis hands and wrists shot out in vain, while the lout of a farmer, ensconced among his companions, laughed aloud at the merry jest. ' If 1 had been there,' said the schoolmaster, with a flash of flame in hiB dark eyes, ' I'd soon have had that tomfool head-first into the road. There would have been a second one rolling among the stones.' ' Maybe,' said Niall, slowly, ' maybe something . will he coming to him, and before long.' ' Well, here is a shilling for you anyway,' the schoolmaster continued, goodnaturedly, 'and you can go into the chemist's and get some lint and some ointment for your hands. No,' said he on second thoughts— for had not this poor lad done him a good turn when he was hopelessly immured in the chasm? ' No, you can keep the shilling ; but you'd better come along with me to the doctor, and we'll get the tiling done properly for you.' And to the doctor's they accordingly went ; and there Niall was patched and mended up as well as might be ; and presently Allan Henderson was again on his way home, his brain filled with recollections that had little to do with Niall Gorach. But when Niall was once more his own master he resumed his apparently aimless wanderings ; and these, in due course of time, lei him to the neigh bourhood of the Kingarra farm, which lay just out side the town. Here he became more circumspect ; he crept and slouched along by the side of walls and hedges ; and when he came to the iron gate leading into the farmyard he hid behind a clump of elder bushes, which had doubtless been planted there in former days for the confusion of ghosts and evil spirits. From this safe retreat, he could command a view, through the slender spars of the gate, of all that was happening in the large and open square that was surrounded by the usual buildings and outhouses. Then, a little while thereafter, Niall withdrew from his hiding, and cautiously and circuitously re turned to Duntroone ; and the first place he made i'or was Long Lauchie's shpv. The shoemaker was at work, or pretending to be at work ; but there was a confused and yet half -comical look about his eyes when he glanced up and saw who his visitor was that seemed to suggest that Lauchlan . must have of late been straying from the straight and narrow path. And it was not at all in his usual gloomy tones that he now exclaimed, in Gaelic : . ' Is it you, you grandson of the Witch of Endor ? And I am of opinion, by the look of you, that you have been in the wars ! ' Niall answered him in the same tongue : ' Will you be lending me a long piece of cord, Mr. M'Intyre, and a bit of rosin to make it dark ?'' ♦' And what devil's cantrip is this now ? — and who has been pulling a harrow over you ?' ' Will you give me the string Y' said the lad with the curious, peering, elfin eyes. ' When the woman was here, it was I that frightened her away for you.' '? My hero, do you think I am forgetting ?' said Lauchie, with an inhuman chuckle. 'Aw Dyeea, many is the time I have been laughing over that ; ay, and waking up in the middle of the night, laugh ing. Oh, you are the champion of the sorcerer;, and no mistake ; and I am sure she ran all the way, shrieking, to Fort William — and swimnringV over Cowal ferry and Creran ferry. And if she. was drowned, who will be crying over it ? If she is drowned, she is silent ; and a silent woman is a very ' good thing, that Providence does not always give us. And maybe I will be for letting you have the string, if you will-tell me what you are going to do with it, and if you will tell me who has been injuring you.' Thereupon Niall, without whimpering, but with a malignant glitter in hie eyes, repeated the story., he had related to the schoolmaster, and Lauchlan' promptly said : . . ' Well, it is myself that would like to be giving that fellow a bish on the head. But what about the string now— what about the string, son of my heart?' ' I was up at the farm,' said Niall, slowly and darkly. ' I was looking at the yard. In the middle of it there is a great barrel to drain the byres and thestab!es; and the top of the barrel is even with the ground. If I was to tie the string to the pump, and be hidden somewhere with the other end, then maybe Big Dan would be coining along, and I would pull the string, and trip him ? ' ' And he would fall into the barrel of wash ?' cried Lauchie; and instantly he threw aside his work. ' May the Good Being preserve us, but I would walk half round the world to see such a tiling as that ! Niall, it is your head that has the inven tion in it. Do not mind them if they say you were not at home when the sense was shared : you have as much sense as many ; and it is I that will be laughing when I see Dan Kingarra fall into the wash. Do you know now what colour he will be when he scrambles out ? He will be as brown as treacle; aud not a curse onimg from him, for his mouth will bs choking. Aw, the brown man ! Niall, I am going with you to see the brown man I I would not miss it for the best part of my existence.' Long Lauchie was softly chuckling and giggling to himself as he set about getting the twine and the rosin ; but by the time he was ready to start he had grown solema again. He opened a press, and took down a black bottle and a soda- water bottle ; and the latter he filled from the former. ' Niall,' said he, ' I will g.ve you advice. May be you have not as much wisdom as others ; but I will tell you how you cin make up for it ; and what you must do is to keep away from the driuk. It is drink that is the ruin of half of them around you ; and if you keep away from it, you will be the equal of many, sense or no sense. For myself now, I was taking a drop or two to-day — the toothache beiug such a terrible, terrible thing.' He put the soda water bottle to his lips, and had a long pull : then, with a sigh of satisfaction, he corked the tl ask and placed it in his pocket. ' Keep away from the drink, Niall, and there is no fear of you : it is drink that is the scourge and disgrace of this country — a sad, sad thing to think of !' But then again, as they were ou their way to Kingarra, on this shining afteruoou, his spirits recovered considerably ; aud although his toothache seemed to be troubliug him at times— aud he had to seek the necessary relief— he by-aud-bye became quite gay. ' Niall,' said he— and he was quietly laughing now — 'did you ever behold abrowumau? I am thiukmg that a brown man will be a sight to see ! Do you not imagine that his pockets will be very wet when he will put his hands into them ? ' 'Maybe,' said Niall, ' maybe he will not be for pushing me off a coach again.' 'Aw, the brown man,' continued Lauchie — and he could not restrain his hilarity—' the brown man ! — it is I that will be laughing to see the brown man climb up -ut of thebatrel, and, if he will be using bad words, would you not do the same ? No, not you, not you, Niall, my son ; for there are many things you must avoid : and the two things that you must avoid most of all are the drink and the women. The drink I have told you about ; and the women — well, now, my hero, perhaps it is not so bad for you to be a little weak in the head, if that will keej) the women away from you. Anything to keep them away from you, for they are the devil's own children, and no mistake ; and I wish he had the lot of them, and would keep them at home with himself. I am not saying,' proceeded Lauchlan, ' that you may not find one here and there that is pleasing to look at— so long as you do not many her ; it is the marrying that is the mischief. Aw, yes, I have seen one or two ; I had my young days ; well I remember that some of the girls were not always so shy and innocent as you might think, when there waB a bunch of nettles to be put in your bed and a ghosf waiting for you behind the door. We had fine flfrenings those evenings.' Here Long Lauchie, moved to sentiment by his recollections, burst into gentle melody ; but there was not much of sadness — there was rather triumph — in his sing ing : 'Twas on a simmer's afternoon, ? A wee before the sun gaed down, My lassie, in a braw new gown, Cam' o'er the hills to Gowrie. Lauchlan, looking all round the landscape, smiled mysteriously at these reminiscences of his. But pre sently he resumed : ' Oh, yes, I tell you, my brave champion, I have seen many pretty girls in my time, brown-haired, and yellow-haired, and black-haired ; and all of them so smooth-spoken and pleasing ; and giving them selves airs as if they had the tail of a peacock to dis play. But it is a different thing — and now I am telling you the Bible truth — it is a very different thing when you take one of them and make a wife of her, and then the devil's daughter lets you know where she came from. Niall, my boy, you will be saved from all that, as it is my hope ; and you will be thankful to Providence that you are a little weak in the head. Not that I am so sure about that either. For I have heard of the great commanders— I have heard of Wellington, and Lord Raglan, and Colin Campbell that was at the Alma ; but could any one of them have driven that fearful woman fleeing out , of thB house ? Not one of them ; they would have run away themselves ; and the faster they went the better for them — that is my opinion. But you — it is you that have a head on your shoulders —and plenty of invention in it— and no mistake ! And now we will see if we can make tho farmer's son dance— aw, Dyeea, how I am wishing to see the brown man climbing out of the barrel ! ' At this point Lauchlan began to moderate his too garrulous mirth ; for they were getting neiar to Kuigarra ; and he understood from Niall's stealthy and furtive manner that there might be some dangtr of their being observed. But they reached the shelter of the elder-bushes in safety ; and then it was that Lauchlan, out of thankfulness — or perhaps owing to another twinge of toothache — brought forth the soda water bottle again. At present there was nothing else to be done, for there was an old woman in pos session of the farm-yard— an old woman in a red jacket, who was burling stones and execrations at a terrJer that she had caught in the act of scattering a brood of young turkeys. But in a minute or two, when the old woman had disappeared into one of the outhouses, Niall stole from his hiding-place, and, after a careful and cat like scrutiny, he clanibered.over the gate. He went quickly across the square. In the middle, towards which four shallow troughs— one from each corner of the yard — sloped down and converged, there was a huge tun, the top of which was flush with the ground ; while on the further side rose an iron pump. To this pump Niall rapidly fixed one end of . the rosin cord,' ami then he retreated, paying out the string, and dabbing it down on the earth and stones so that it should be immovable and invisible. When he came crouching back behind the elder bushes he , had the other end in his hand. At any moment a powerful jerk would raise the darkened twine some two or three inches from the ground, so that an unwary passer-by must inevitably go over. And, as it chanced, the very next person to put in an appearance was the farmer's son — a great, hulk ing lout of a fellow — who had a pitchfork over his shoulder. The shoemaker, holding his breath, was sniggering in spite of himself, but his companion ._ was in 'a different mood — the strange, elfin eyes were burning with fire, they were like the eyes of some wild animal intently watching its prey. The un happy thing was that though the lumbering, heavy shouldered youth seemed to have plenty of halt idle jobs to do about the yard, never once did he approach the drainage barrel ; if he crossed the string it was at such a distance from the black hole that tripping him up would have been of no avail. They waited and watched, and -waited and watched ; but with a maddening persistence he kept away from the neighbourhood of that most unholy well. At last Long Lauchie whispered — ' Niall, my son, it is you that have the invention ; but this time it is not going to succeed ? ' 'Quiet — quiet!' retorted the half-witted lad, trembling with excitement. ?* Now he is coming — now — now ? ' - : But again the unsuspecting yokel sheered off ; and at this Lauchie rose from his cramped position. 'Niall,' he said, laughing covertly, 'now I will take my turn ; for it is into that hole that the devil must go somehow. Stay where yon are— stay where you are, my sou — and maybe you will be seeing some thing.' He now issued boldly from his ambush : be opsued the gate ; he staggered into the yard. Perhaps he was pretending to be a good deal more iutoxi cited than was really the case ; he held the almost empty bottle in his hand ; he swayed up to the farmer's son — who regarded this intruder with evident disfavour. ' It is not ahlfeen'shed yet,' saidLaucbie, in Eng lish. ' Will you be for having a drop ?— I was on my weh home — and how is your father, Dan ? — ay, and your mother too ? — ' ' Oh, what are you bletherin about ! ' returned the other, with impatient sulkmess. ' My mother has been dead these seven years — ' ' Ay, that's what I was thinking,' Lauchie went on, most goodnaturedly— though his speech was in terrupted now and again by an occasional hiccough. '? And— and I'm glad to hear that ; and you will give her my compliments, and tell lier that I was asking after her. And you will bef a drop with me now— it is not ahl fcenished — ' ' I am not tasting,' was the morose answer. ' WVM, well, then, there's the more for me,' Raid Lauchlan, cheerfully, and he put the- bottle in his pocket. 'And your father now, is he well ?— and your mother— are they both of them pretty well ? — ' ' Oh, get out of this — get away home ! ' was the scornful rejoinder. ' Aud I was hearing of you to-day,' proceeded Liuchie. ' I was hearing of the fine trick you were playing on Niall Gorach— and— and he would be rolling along thc.road like a football ? ' The big booby condescended to grin. But of a sud den Lauchlan grew prematurely grave. ' Maybe,' said he, half articulately, ' maybe I was having a drop too much the day. Give me your arm, Dan, my lad — give me your, arm to the gate — I am wishing to get away home ? ' ' Ay, the sooner ye're in bed the better,' answered the facetious bumpkin ; but by this time Lauchie had fastened on to him, and rather un willingly he was being dragged across the yard. ?'Here, do ye want to drown yourself!' he ex claimed angrily, as Lauchie's reeling and staggering took them both dangerously near the pump. The next moment the intoxicated shoemaker gave a heavy lurch forward — his companion was thrown over and could not recover himself — there was a ?mighty souse and a kicking and splashing— and the last that Lauchie saw of the farmer was a pair of hands franticilly clinging to the edge of the un speakable tun. He made away for the gate, and haled Niall Gorach out of his hiding-place. ' Aw, Dyeea, did you see that now ?' hecried, as they hastened along the road — and he laughed and better laughed until he brought on the hiccough so violently that it threatened to choke him. ' Niall, my son, hurry, hurry ; but as soon as we are near the houses we are safe ; for you do not think a brown man would come near the houses ? The brown man — aw, the brown man ! — it is I who would like to see him chasing us through Duntroone, and his clothes dripping, and all the people standing and laughing. And what do you think now, my hero ? He was very clever when he pushed you down from the coacb. Oh, yes, he was very clever ; but maybe he is not considering himself so clever now. What do you say to that, my son ?' ' Will he get any of it into his mouth ?' said Niall Gorach, with his eyes burning again. But the shoemaker was not in the least inclined to be vindictive. He was far too happy. He was giggling to himself, and singing little snatches of song all the way into Duntroone ; and when he arrived he made straight for one of his favourite houses, sure of finding there on a Saturday evening some particular crony to whom, over a friendly glass or two, he could relate his exploit with such mirth ful embellishments as happened to occur to him. And thus it was that Niall Gorach was avenged. (To be continued.) 