THE GHOST OF THE S-~UEST CHAMBER. Br E. A. J. All dray long the door bell had I een r;ngi~g, and:.the wedding guests kept homing until at last all had arrived. rheroewaere consins from everywl er , it Seemed to the children, and such a wed ing as it was going to be 1 Bess was to be the bride, and Bess wee the queen of the family just now. Bbe was always lovely ; to.ntght. he was boeautiful; the bridal veil, a gift from griodma, and the eame ?libi wore at her own wedding, failed to bhde the fair yonng face from a host of admiring, eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this mnar riage, was startled out of his melancholy at the sight. Bess in white satin and orange.blossoms 'aes very different from Why, Rhe w1.s indeed a very queen, and be half expected to see the ladies in wait ine and::the royal guardsman enrround her... SAfti'r .,he cfremnony, congratulations and':ipper, a game of hide.and.-eek was proibgsd. Away flew Bass, with acrowd of. merry Feekers after her, through the corridor and up the staira. until she r4acihed thi great wardrobe that stlod in front of thb old guest clhinber, which ha1 not been opened for many years. She ran in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, found it unlockeo, anI entered, still holding the knob in her hand.- With flushed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices outside; then, imagining she was discovered as the faces cine nearer, she let go of the knob and pushed the door to, only to find, to her horror, that she could not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died away, as the seekers all ran off, ory." iog, "She's in the oak closet [ Let's go went, making such a noise with their ehoniing and laughing that they could not hear h, r reaeeted calla. "Ohl the horror of it I" she cried, wrincing her ha?dt. "Self-imprisoned I will they neer conm back ? How shall I ever gtt out ?" What in..this room, which sha had never entered in her lifd before?. She began to treidble.' with fear, it was so dark and myeterious. Why, oh why did she come tb1Fa at all? Not a r.ty of light penetra :ted the awful derkness around her; the 'silance became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadfol epace. Were thera such thinga as spiritt ? She wondered ; if so, there might be one in th's room. Whit wpa that? Sotnething teuched her hand, ehe wsa senr, Fomething that was cold and cl'miny, like icy fingers., Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouchel lov down on the floor in a perf, ct fri rzy of terror, then gave a pier. cing abriek and fell senseless TDo gueet chamber in grandfather's honse wes rlwiys looked upon as some t Id of a ahost who was seen to w ilk back and :orth in front of the door, with a rusty key in his band. Late et night members of toe family had seen it, or thought they had, and each one of the servants had beenbchbsed by it; not one of them could biindnood togp into :the north wing after n'ikhbtfall. : Of course .Bess knew;iell this; she had board the etoiy of the ghost many times in hJr ·bildhood, and had often gone to e1 withber face bidden in Nora's apron, lest 'he sbonld meet the awful spectre. And now that she fean I herself alone int this very room, all the terror of her child. bood returned with- redoubled force. Her shriek when 0sh fainted hal door its work ; i had,b ,eu heard down etsirs While the hunt continued laughing ansd shooting went on; wlen she could not bh t ond everybody o.came sober; each face took on an anxious expression, and the3 began to ask each other in whispers \- Where can she be? - What:hes hap. -..... A f+ h.. 1?, They were still looking when the terri. fled cry reached their ears. - Walter ran off, shouting, 'She moust be in the guest clamiber," leaving: the groom, Albert, who bounded after him, a few steps behind. They had sch*ely reached the door i-on-,neverjbody, else was at their heels. Bur.ti r itfopen, they found the poor litLI bXl- strotched on the floor, unconw cwi?., with Tbby?i, the cat and.hosaeholii p.t h pifliad folbowed her unnoticed, likiOs her fAce ~nd hands. So the ghost waaeei 4ly a cat, ,after all, and it was her co ?, sift little paw, that B1see mistook for tbb ould, clammy-hand. §iA little older every day The new year grows. Alas, The country is disposed to let All resolutions pass. Mistress-" If you don't like your place, what do you stay for P" Maid-" 'er Poor shillings a wake, mem." 'here is no half-way house betweru vice and virtue in which honesty of purpose can pit down and take a rest. The man wbo'bas sworn off shonid remember this. A Pullman car colts about £8,500, and yet there ore men who, when they have paid £1 tors seot i ormet qc as !I they owned it all. 