THE DAY Of REST. THE LORD MY SHEPHERD. By Her. John McNeill. I Preached In the Metropolitan Tabernacle, London, on Februarys. The Lord b my shepherd; I shall not want. Be malreth me to lie down in green pastures: He le&deth; me beside the etili waters.' lie reBtbrelh my soul: He leadeth me In the paths of righteous ness for ttb name's sake. Ves, though 4 walk through the valley of the shadow of death, 1 will fear no evil: for lhou art with me; Thy rod and Th> staff they comfort me. Thou vrepsteet a t *ble before me in the presence of mine enemies: 'lhou anoiuteBt my head with all; my cup runneth oyer. Surely goodness and merry shall follow me all the nays of my Ufa: and 1 will nwoll in the Home of the Lord for erar.—Psalm xsiii. It ie a short psalm, and yet I do not think I shall be able to get over it all, and all I will attempt, in fact, to do to night is to just suppose dye psalm a harp and thrum the stringe of it here and there in the hope that its grand, sweet, old-new musio may get into our hearts as we wait before God to- night. I do not think it ia easy to get orer this {Malm; short and ail as it is it begins in earth and it leaven—"And 1 will dwell in the ends in Heaven House of the Lord for ever." It is a long psalm, although it ia abort in its words, like the lamplighter's short stepladder that he oarries on his shoulder; bnt abort and all as it is it serves to lift him from, the street up to the light of the lamp; and these few verses, short and all a« they are, if we just plant them aright; serve to lead ub through the mud and mire of earth right up to the light of the peace and the glory of Heaven, where wehope to dwell with the Lord for ever. Now, there was an old fiddler in Sootland—the grand, new name, of course, is violinist; he was not a violinist, he only played the fiddl-. Some Sootob people will reoognise him by his name of NeiL One day Neil was asked by some body to give a test of good fiddle playing, and be said—using, of course, his own tongue, but i must translate it tor you—uau you maice ; yourself ory with your onto playing!" It ] was a very shrewd test, and I feel, dear ' friends, that is a very shrewd test for playing the twenty-third psalm. Unless the preacher can touoh his own heart I with it, it is apt to be a little handicapped j and a little formalin the hearts of tnose that ] hear him. May the Spirit of God so breathe 1 npon me to-night that my own heart shall be made fresh and warm by the eternal truths that underlie this sweet old psalm, and that your hearts also may oatoh its heavenly notes, and some of us may wake and eing who were sitting in the duet when they oame in. The keynote of the psalm is a personal note,and it runs all through; "The Lord is my shepherd ; I shall not wantand there, Just like a pendulum, it swings between those two extremes, the Lord and I, as if besides myself no man or angel lived in earth or heaven. There are questions among scholars to-day as to who wrote any of the psaluis, or all of them—the twenty-third included—and, of oourse, there are questions as to whether David wrote them. I believe David did; but suppose be did not—David or the other man! I do not think it is a question that leadB to great profit. I sometimes just settle the question about the authorship of the twenty-third psalm fay just saying, "I wrote it myself. Until you find out who wrote it just set it down to me." I mean by that I feel as sf I have written it, I feel as if I had been just saying these things all to myself, when this man came along and said them out loud. That, of course, is a touoh of genius. This twenty-third psalm is just everybody's psalm; its JTt and me"e and trip's make it every body's psalm; take it and make it yours ; put on this garment of praise, eurvey yourself in the flashing mirrors of Divine graoe, and see how well it fits any shoulders that are wrapped round witb it. "The Lord is my shepherd, 1 shall not want. He maketh me tu lie down in green pastures. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for Thou art with me and L" That man away there in the gallery; this man under the gallery; I, obscure, poor, I. man of no aooount, anonymous even if you knew my name, "I willdwell in the Houseof the Lord for ever." I have been a good deal lately engaged specially in evangelistio work. I should like to do it again at this point and in this way. Vou would like to know whether you are a Christian or not, whether you are saved or not. You sometimes say, 'Tis a point 11 our to know. Oft it causes anxious thought. Do i love the Lord or no ? Am I Hi- oram I not ? THE NIGHTINGALE PSALM. Dear friend, get to know this psalm. I do not know anything to help you better. Can you in your heart, as an honest man, sing or say this twenty-third psalm i If you oau, then you hare been con rerted somewhere, somehow, sometime; flesh end blood never of themselves need this language to express the relation of the heart towards God. And if you oan find it in yonr heart to say it to night—I do not even say to sing it—you have turned the oorner of ten thousand weary questionings ; and remember, God will never put you to confusion and take this psalm out of your lips, and say, " That is : a psalm for some special, peouliar saints of Mine." He only longs to hear yon begin to sing it. May we begin to-night, in muoh simplicity ana much sincerity, every soul of us. and say, " By God'agraoe, from henceforth these be the terms on wbioh I wish to stand with Jehovah Jireh as regards my soul and life and destiny." Kemember. it is not a: hard psalm: it is so easy. _ Henry Ward Beeohprsaid a fine thing about it when hesaid that what the nightingale is among other singing birds the twenty-third psalm is among the other psalms of the oolleotinn. I do not need to tell some of you people what the nigbtineale is. "It is small,*' eays Beecher, "and of homely feathers; bub what asinger it is! And so the twenty-third psalm. It is not a grand soaring psalm of thundering halle lujahs, like the tempestuous psalm that closes the oiilleotion." INow, like the nightingale, it is small and of homely feather, but what a singer it is 1 And we re-eoho Bseober'e words when he saya: " Blessed, blessed be the day on whioh that psalm was born." I wish it would sing to as to-night. ] Now let me get a little into the notes of it. | I would make this audience, as it were, a great j musio-olass, and I would teach you how to sine. I have a great qualification for teaohiug j you how to sine, and that -is that I do not j know muuh about it. If I were a rausio- , teaolier I would say something of what the : muMO'taacheroalla musioal phrases, expressions i and runs, so to speak, to be taken just at one i breath. You are not to halt in the middle of it, to breathe and fill your lunge again ; -yon are just to take one long breath, and expend it: in the utterance of that phrase—both speech and musio. If wo oan do that with onr hearts, : with the very first verse of the twenty-third ; psalm, we. may make a very long advanoe in singing with onr hearts, "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want." Most of us i make a wretched bnngle of that phrase. We i begin well enough, "The Lord is my j shepherdthen our lungs are empty, we draw our breath and epoil it. "The Lord is . my shepherd"—but we have great need of some little thing to-night. " The £brd Is my shepherd," bat—end there we epoil it^ Oome now, let.me teaoh you; let David, tb&t; grand musician, 'teeoh yoa; do not epoil it; try it again, thet hut time wee wretchedly fle£ try. it again. "The Lord ie my shepherd, I " shell not went," loader, sweeter,' truer, fuller, compel thy querulous, oomplsining, faithless, grumbling soul to say it again and wain and again, "The Lord is my shepherd, (shall not went," It will kill eonre of us deed to say it; God speed the killing! It will bring you to life on the other eido; it will kill all self-righteous ness, and it will kill all unbelief; it will kill all doubt and all distrust. " The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want." Tins psalm is literally true. The great' diffioulty of tbe psalm and the great ease of the psalm just lies in the first bar, so to speak, of the heavenly musio, There are no great high notes in it. I would be a grand singer I sometimes think, but just when l am getting alqng nicely, evenly, m an easy kind of song, thai moves easily like the psalm between the lines and spaoes, suddenly I am pulled up by the composer, who has taken a note and stnok it up high where it ie lost to me. As somebody has said, I get wrecked on these wild high seas. And then some of you would be good singers, but just when your are moving along nioely there ie a note thrust away down there; youoaunot see it, let alone sing it. There u no snoh trouble in the twenty-third psalm. It is anioe little plain song, made for plain, simple people. Von do not need great endowments of either head or heart; it is a plain song for just beginners; you used not eing it with your voioeatalL I was a baby boy xince, and my mother was so singer ; she never knew tbe "Old "Hundredth" from "Auld Lang Syne," but—I do not know whether you know the word—eheoould "oroon." May youoroon this twenty-third psalm. It is not for great prima-donnas, nor eilveiy- toned tenors, or eleotro-plated tenors, nor basso pro fundus; it is a simple song. I bave teen a woman take some Querulous, fretful: otiild. oh, when the little thine; was just a bundle of orosaness, and, instead of thrash- ; ing it—yon oannot do without thrashing some-■ times, but it does not do always—instead of j taking the oross little thing and thrashing it, { she just lifted that little bundle of wretched- { ness, and laid it on her lap, and drew it into \ ber bosom, and just hummed away. Do yon know what happened! In about ten minutes that little bundle of wretchedness was lying straightened out, drowned in a blissful sleep. Oh, that God the Holy Ghost, that nursing mother in God's household, would take some body to-night that is tired, and weary, and oross, and wretohed, and miserable, just draw you into it, and croon, oroon into your ear the matchless mnsio of the twenty-third psalm ! " Tne Lord is my shepherd"—there is the difficulty of it, dear friends, its great sim plicity. Ail it needs is this. Yon need to be dead done with self, either your righteous self or your wicked self, and you need to land both feet firm and square, all your < weight on Himself. That is the difficulty, j that is the triumph of faith. j THB lobd's continual goodness. Now let us go farther into the music. 11 cannot touch it all, as I have said. " He j maketh me to lie down in green pastures, He ! leaduth me beside still waters." I want to remind some of my audience to-night how good the Lord has been to you for this world, and let the blush of shame oreep aoioss your ; thankless cheeks as X charge it home upon you. He has led you by green pastures and beside still waters. You really hare hod no trouble, and if you are honest man you oars not say it is because you are better than other people. See to it that you give the Lord the praise when you know that all that makes your life and lot desirable has ooine from His pieroed hands. Why, how good He has been : to some of you? What has life been to you? Why, it has been like lying in some land looked harbour under the hill, with your boat; gently rooking in the bay, and all you know i of etorms and stress and trial is, as you eit in ' that land- looked bay and look out and see the ] great, white waves raoe past the harbour's j mouth where the seas are battling with the ' tempest Down on thy faoo before God in ] profoundest gratitude for the way by whioh j He has led' you. Some of as never had a i trouble ezoept the troubles we kicked up for j ourselves, and the unfortunate people we i have got to do for. I am in the South of I London; I am not in the West-End. I am for-1 getting, and X know some of yon have had ] trouble; you have had heaps of trouble and I sorrow upon sorrow, and trial upon trial, and unmerciful disaster follows faster and faster; 1 but hoar me, brother, sister, you may be j naked, bare, and poor, knocked about like a j football—lii-ten to me: if in your soul to-night ] you oan eay, "The Lmrd is my shepherd, then it is green pastures and still waters, then \ you have riohea beyond the dreams cf avarice, ' and can say, "He is mine and I am Hie." ! Therefore be not distrustful and downcast; the Lord Himself !b a goodly land and a large; , the Lord Himself is a fat portion to them who possess and enjoy Him. TUB GBKAT rHISICIAff. But I must hasten on. He speaks in the next strain of musio of bis eoul being restored : " He restoreth my soul." There I think we have our Shepherd Jesus spoken of as a healer—our phyeioian. I remember, dear friends, how at one time 1 had utterly false notions about shepherds, notions, I suppose, drawn from pastoral poetry, either iu the ancient or the modern, notions that made me think that sheep-keeping was a vastly poetio and romantio business. I suppose we have all seen pictures where shepherds pipe on oaten straws—I never saw them do it, exoept in pioturea. An elegaut fellow in knee breeohes, striking a graceful attitude, and tootling sway on a flute or something, while a few sheep repose gracefully in the foreground, _ and there is a hill in the bsQkground, and a ~ river meandering through the scenery, and two or three neat-ankled Daphnes, and Chloes, and PhyliiBes are skipping round about where this shepherd pipes on oaten straws. I never saw it, exoept in a picture. I onoe remember, when I was a student in Scotland, I went ont ten miles in tbe oountry to take oharge of a' country station and get some experience in preaching, I did make these good people the corpus vile of, eome terrible experiment. I hardly know how they survived it. I,'remember I got to know tbe shepherd, and went his round with him morn ings and evenings, and then discovered there is yery little romanoe about sheep-keeping; it is hard, dour, toilsome, dirty business. Espe cially I discovered that a shepherd need be a good deal of a veterinary surgeon ; tbe diseases of. sheep are simply endless, and their aooi-, dents, too. We never got them to-morrow where we. left- them and as we left them to day. And than there is always something wrong in the way of accident or disease. One of them has perhaps climbed up somewhere and aould not get down again ; or another has got through a hole in the hedge out of the grass field into the plough field, and if you gave it a month you ooufd not get it to come baok again. Have yon not been there! J tell you, when the Lord oalfs na sheep He does j not use a ooniplimentary. metaphor, and He I did nut mean to. It just takes uo down as much as any word He could have used; ib meanssad things aboat us; it means that the sheep may have (Cray dogs worrying them and they ate lying dying, or name maggot had,, bitten them, or some tot broken out and they, ate dying before your eyes. Ltbink of all that when I repeat that " The Cord it iny shep herd" and healeth my diseases and eaves me from my'aooidente. We are all sheep for oar foolishness and tendency to go wrong and to be out op by disease and death. Someofyou deoent 'sisters should not see doctors'books, and I will tell you why; because you . are. naturally nervous, and, therefore, yon should not get at them. Like a good old woman in Scotland, who liked to keep the doctor danoigg attendance on her. The doctor thought one day he. would soars her; and when she asked him how she was, he aaid, " Oh, worse j" and then he gave her a lot of Latin and Greek1- names, and he thoroughly frightened her this time, as she flung up her hands as he desoribed what was wrongwith her (there was nothing after ail), and said, " Oh dear me, dootor, I am a whole infirmary J" Now you take your dootor'e book to-night and turn over that bleok cata logue of your diseaaes, and remember, if you, are an honest soul, the seeda of every one of .these diseases are in you. Out of Hie heart they proceed; and remember, they would not . proceed out of the heart unless they were first in the heart. Out of the heart prooeed evil thoughts, murders,, adulteries, thefts—my God t what a damned procession 1 Look at them—evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, thefts, fornioations, blasphemies, false wit nesses, malioe, gnile, envy, oovstousness, evil speaking, and that more than ain, that vir tually blots out God—unbelief 1 And then sing your psalm as you never sang it before, "He reetoreth my souL" Jehovah wrote, " Bnt 1 am the Lord that healeth thee." Hal lelujah 1 What a Saviour I (ft) be continued.) 