SNOWBALL. ^ £By the Author op ' Paulina. Lisle.'] PART II. CHAPTER XIV.— (Continued.) . 'Put me down,' answers a weak — oh, such a poor, little, weak voice — but fa'ntly imperious still. 'Put me down, please, ab once. I must— hold— Uene.' 'Ah, Rene!— where is Rene? What — what— ?what' ? ' Monsieur Desereaux pauses in consternation. She has slipped out of his arms, and down, on the ground again and lifted back into her lap the head of Rene. So she was sitting when they found her, so she had been sitting for hours, waiting for death — thus — Rene in her lap. Mr. Farrar lets go Johnny, andi3 kneeling beside tfce pro3trate boy ! One glance only he gives to Snowba'l, reclining against a knoll, too far gone to support hereelf, Rane's dark head lying on her inees. She does not look at him ; she seems past care, past hope, past help ; ehe Bite, her mournful eyes never leaving Rene's death-like face. 'What is it ?' Desereaux asks, 'not ? ' 'No,' rifch a quick breath, 'I think not— I hope not— something terribly like it though. He has swooned through exhaustion, I take it. He is very far gone. You will carry him to the boat, mv eood fellows— we will carry them all. None of the chil dren can walk. Snowball, my little one, come to me— give us Rene. I will carry you. Come. He gathers her in bi3 arms— a light weight— a feather weight now. She makes no resistance ; she lets Rene go; her head drop3 helplessly on his shoulder ; her eyes close. The men come after ?with the two boys ; and Johnny, even in this supreme hour, is conscious of the indignity of being carried like a baby, and makes a feeble effort to w^iu uimocu ouu. uis n-'gB. it is or no use, However — he is unable to walk — and gives up, after a few yards, with the very worst possible grace. For Rene, he lies like one dead. They reach the boat, get the young people in, and proceed to administer the weak brandy and water. The stimulant acts well with Johnny, who sits up, afcer a swallow or two, and begins to fully comprehend what is taking place. They are 'being rescued— a fact that only clearly dawns upon upon him now. Snowball, too, revives somewhat, but she will look at no one, care for nothing, save Rene. 'We will do,' she whispers; 'give— something — to him. Make Rene — open — his eyes.''' Easier said than done. All that is possible to do, Mr. Farrar dees j the stimulant is placed between his locked teetb, his hands and face are bathed and chafed, but the rigid lips remain closed, the dark cjes remain snuc, tne hands ana race icy cold— the ghastly hue of death leaves not. ' Can you talk, Johnny ? Don't try it if it hurts you. How is it that we find Rene so much worse than you two ?' asks Paul Farrar. Johnny trieB to tell. Rene starved himself to feed Snowball ; never slept afc all, hardly ; was thinly clad, and so, and ' Succumbed first— yes, I see Brave boy — good Rene! And he is not as strong a3 you, Johnny — never will be. But don't wear that frightened face, dear boy ; we will bring him round yet. Once in Ma'am Weesy's kitchen, with warm blankets and hot grog, we will have Rene back, please Heaven, and able to talk to your father when he returns to morrow, and tell him all about it.' Johnny utters a cry. . ' Papa not home yet ?' ' Not home yet, eld boy — for which let us be : -duly thankful. Think what a story you will have to tell him to-morrow after dinner — after dinner, Johnny ! You haven't dined lately, have you ? ' What a story it will be for the rest of your life — six days and nights in Chapeau Dieu ! Why, you ?will awake and find yourself famous — find greatness ' thrust upon you ! For Snowball, here, she will be the most pronounced heroine of modern times.' But Snowball cares not, heed3 not, hears not, Eene HeB there, lifeless ; and rescue and death— ?what is either now ? They talk no more ; Johnny, with the best will in the world, finds the effort too painful, and he lies back and drops asleep. He is only wakened to find himself in some one's arms a second time, and being carried somewhere, wakes for a moment, then is heavily off again. Presently he is lying on some thing soft and warm, and someone is crying over him and kissing him — Ma'am Weesy, he dimly thinks ; and even in this state of coma, is sleepily conscious of feeling cross about* it, and wishing she ?wouldn't. Then, something strong, and sweet, ind delicious, is given him in a spoon— beef tea, maybe — then sleep once more — sleep, long, blessed, deep life-giving, and it is high noon o£ another day be : fore he opets his eyes again on this world of woe. CHAPTER XV. snowball's hero. High noon. A sunny, breezy, July day— hop vines and scarlet lunners fluttering outside the muslin curtainB of the open window, a sweet, salt» strong sea-wind coming in, and it is his own iron bed in which he lies, big own attic room in which he rests — it is Isle Perdrix — itia home— it is Weesy ?whose shrill tones he hears downstairs, and it is — it is his father, whose face bends above him, as he awakes. ' Papa !' he cries out. Two thin ami3 uplift, a great sob chokes him, then there is a long, long, long silence. ' My boy ! my boy ! my Johnny !' Dr. Macdonald says, and then there is silence again. ? But Johnny recovers, and his first distinct thought is — that he is awfully hungry ! His hollow, .?due always oeaucitm eyes, iook at rue rather, tlien :around the room. 'Papa.' 'My son.' ( 'I want something to eat.' . Dr. Masdonald laughs, but a trifle huskily. Instantly a china bowl and a silver spoon are in Johnny's hands. What ir this, papa ?' *' Weesy's very best, very strongest broth. Eat and fear not. A chicken is preparing, Johnny — such ? a fine, fat fellow,, — all for you ! You shall have a breast and a liver wing in an honr. And a glase of such old port as you never trated !' Johnny rolls his oyu3 up in one rapturous glance, but pauses not for idle speech. There is no time. All at once he pauses/ 'Oh-hl papa— Rene?' 'Is doing well, thanks to the good Cfod and tho untiring care of my good Paul Farrar. I have but this moment left his bedside. I am now going back. You can spare me, my dear ?' ' Oh, yes, papa,' briskly re-atfcacking the bowl ; 'I can spare you.' Silence again for a space — the bowl very near the bottom by this time, and Dr. Mocdocekl smiling down on his son. Johnny looks up, 'And Snowball, papa?' ' Very well — very well, I am happy to say. My sweet little Snowball ! Johnny ! Johnny ! how can we ever be thankful enough ?' No response from Johnny — the spoon and the bottom of the bowl clinking by this time. ' Rene will not be ill ?' ' We do not know — we hope not. He speaks little— he is too far spent— but he takes what we give him, and sleeps a great deal. In that, artd in his youth, we hope. If Heaven had not sent Paul Farrar, and my very good friend, Monsieur Desereaux-, last night, Rene would ne~er have seen morning.' Br. Macdonald's voice breaks — he turns and walks to the; window. He is a tall, stooi-ing, gentle looking old man, with silvery hair, and beard, and face, and eyes soft, gray, and wistful, exactly like Johnny 8. ' Rene iB a brick, papa,' cries Johnny, warmly 5 'an out-and-out trurnp! You would not think_he had it in him. He starved himself to look after Snowball j he told us stories, he read to us while he could speak. Papa, may I get up ?' 'If you feel able, my son; but I would advise ? ' ' Oh ! I feel all right— a giant refreshed. I can't lie here, you know, like a mollycoddle, and have Ma'am Weesy coming in and — kissing me every minute,' is his disgusted thought, but he restrains it. ' Please may I get up, papa, and go [own? I'll be as careful of myself as if I were eggs.' His father smiles. ' Very well, my lad ; dress and go down. Take your time about it, Johnny. Monsieur Paul will come to you and amuse you.' ' Papa, may I— I should like to see SnowbaU?' 'Presently, laddie, presently; let her sleep. She will be down, I think, before night.' ' And Rene.' ' Ah ! Rene — who knows ? he will not be down. You may see him to-morrow. We shall have to take great care of Rene. I am going to him now.' Dr. Macdonald goes ; and Johnny, very gingerly, and with many pauses, and a surprising sense of. weakness, proceeds to dress himself and travel down stairs It is rather more like a ghost of Johnny, than that brisk young gentleman himself, this wan lad, with the hollow eyes and pallid face. Weesy shrieks with delight at sight of him, and makes a rush to clasp him precipitately to her uiettbi/, uub uvuuuy juuijjts ueuiuu t* Lttuit;, wxuu un expected rapidity and alarm. ' No, you don't !' he says ; ' keep off ! I've had enough of that. First, some brute with whiskers, last night, and then you, and now again— but you sha'n'c if I die for it. Let a fellow alone, can't you, Weeey ?' And Weesy laughs, and cries, and yields. The misfortunes of her children have covered, for the time, their multitude of sins. Johnny sits oy the breezv window, ana looks out over the little rocky garden, the rough path beyond, the beach below, the sea spreading away into the sky, and sighs a sigh of infinite content. One might fancy he had had enough of the sea, but not so. John MacdoDald will never have enough of the bright, watery world he loves. If only the ' Boule-de-neige ' — but he must not think of her — there may be other bateaux in time. He is at home — they are all safe j that is enough for one day. And presently comes Ma'am Weesy, with the chicken and wine, and a book of sea-stories, and Johnny slowly munches, and reads, and time passes, and at last ? He starts up with a weak shout, for there is Mon sieur Paul supporting Snowball, looking pallid and pathetic, but otherwise not so much the worse for her week on the barren furze of Chapeau Dieu. Her blue eyes look like azure moons, in her white, small face. 'Oh, Johnny !' she solemnly say3. It is an adjuration with which Johnny is toler ably familiar, emotion of any sort evoking it some sixty times, on an average, per day. He laughs in response, and looks shyly at her escort. ' Johnny, dear old chap,' that gentleman says, and gives his hand a cordial grasp, ' Don't stop. Peg away at the chicken, and give some to Snow ball. It does me good to see you.' ' How does Rane get on, sir ?' 'Ah, not sj well ; Rene is hot and feverish, and a trifle light-headed. Fancy his giving in, while this little, yellow-haired laBsie holds out so well.' ' It waB my fault,' says Snowball, in penitent tears, ' I know, now, how he starved himself for me. And he made me mind him. I didn't want to — now, did I, Johnny ?' 'Rene is a young gentleman who will always make people mind him. There is nothing to cry for, petite — he is not going to die, not a bit of it. Eat your chicken and dry your eyes. He may have rather a hard bout of it for a week or so, but he will come round like the hero he is.' Monsieur Paul Farrar proves a true prophet, only the ' bout' is rather harder than even he anticipates. Rene is quite delirious at times, and talks wildly of Chapeau Dieu, and the storm, and the bower, and the berries, and in his heated imagination gathers more of that luscious fruit than he ever did in real ity, a,nd sings scraps of the e7ening bymn, and quotes Shakespeare, and conducts himself altogether in a noisy and objectionable manner. But at no time is there much real danger, and he is bo faith fully nursed, so devotedly attended, that he must perforce turn the sharp corner of the fever, and come around, all cool and clear-headed, but deplorably wtak and helpless, at the end of seven or eight days. ' And you and Johnny look as well as if it had never happened,' he says, languidly, with a resent ful sense of injury upon him. 'What a muff I muat be !' They do, indeed, look as well, as bright, as fresh, as plump, as though these six days on the desolate mountain side were but a dream. Johnny by this time is decidedly proud of his performance, though a trifle bored, too, by the questions with which he is plied whenever he appears at St. Gildas. The ' Boule-de-niege' is safe at her moorings, none the worse for her playful little escapade ; Rene is all right, Monsieur Paal is here, and Johnny is happy. All these feverish aad flighty days Snowball has devoted herself t-- the patient with a meekness, a docility, a sweetness almost alarming iu its self abnegation. She reads to him, sings to him, ? brings him his beef tea, and chicken broth, and toast and water, and Gfcher nastine'sB, as Rene calls it, and watches him eat and drink, and recover, with the devoted ness of a mother ! Rene submits to be petted and cuddled, and made much of for a few days— she keeps Weesy out, and that is a great point— accepts her society, listens with languid graciousness to her gossip, Sets her read him to sleep, lets her fan off the-flies, and adorn his chamber with flowers, and then — all ie a moment — turns round, and flatly declares he will hare no more of it ! Strength and his aormal state are returning, and this phase of supernatural goodness and calm comes, as might be expected, to a sudden and violent end. He isn't a baby—he won't swallow gruel and disgusting beef tea 5 he won't' be tucked in 0' nights, and have Snowball popping in and out of his ropm like a Jack-in-the-box whenever she pleases ! Let her go with Johnny, aa she used to ; she would rather, he knows— she needn't victimize herself because he picked a few raspberries for her there on the moun tain ! And she isn't much of a companion, anyway — he would far rather talk to Monsieur Paul ! Which is ungrateful, to say the least, after the superhuman efforts she has been making to amuse him during the past seven days. And Snowball, deeply hurt, but relieved, all the same, does give it up, does resume the society of Johnny, and is pre pared, the instant Rene is strong enough for battle, to resume war to the knife, as of yore. Monsieur Paul is a primo favourite in the house hold. Dr. Macdonald beams in his presence— he is the idol of Ma'am Weesy's heart ; the boys look ( upon him with eyes of envy and admiration — a man who has been everywhere and seen everything, and place and people. Snowball falls in love with him, of course, and is never out of his presence a moment, when she can be in it. Even old Tim succumbs to the spell of the charmer, yields to the fascination of Monsieur Paul's glance, and laugh, and voice, and old Tim s battered heart is not over susceptible. He has never, within mortal ken, been known to invite a man into his domicile to partake of a dhrop of drink before. They sit together, one sleepy August afternoon Monsieur Paul and Snowball, down on the sands, he reclining his long length upon the rank reeds, and warm waving seaside grasses, his straw hat pulled half over his eyes. A golden haze rests on the bay sails come and go through it as through a glory — fishing-boats take on a nimbus around their brown rails. There is the faintest breeze — little wavelets lap upon the white sand, the beautiful sea looks as though it could never be cruel. {To be continued.) 