WH" AND HUMOUR. For one man "who can stand prosperity ihero rto ten who would like to try. Rich people always have poor relations ; "but poor people are not always blessed with rich relatives. " Ye?," said the proprietor of tile barbsi's shop, "he was a very good barber, but we had to let him go ; lie aidivt understand the business," "What did he do ?" " He forgot to say to a bald -headed customer that his hair needed trimming to-day." Eminent Q.C. (addressing jury)': "And, gentlemen, v.- hen we reflect on the very strong safe, the bad tools, the poor light, ciamped quarters, and my client's natural me.iknoss, .an I not right m claiming he -earned the stolen Li30b by the sweat «.f his brow?" " All tco world's a stage, Sam, and the men and women merely players." " Yes, massa , but ,f dat's bo, where you goin' for v get yer audience and orchestry." _ Scientifically Explained.—" Doctor, why ss it that eomo people who are perfect wrecks Ve n2"er than others who are strong and well " Er— well— you see, the others die first. He_DId.ii t Deny It, — She: Before we. wire married you sa:d you loved the very ground I walked on. He : So 1 did, and I love it still. " Jack, have a banana r" '' No ; I'll have a pair." " I'vo only got bananas." " I know that." '' Jben why do you ask for a pear Because that's what I want — a pair of bananas." — From" Harper's Youug People." and jna were sitting quietly near the nrepiaco. _ Pa was reading a paper and ma was knitting. Presently ma looked np over r T'assss; I'd," she said, "I b'lieve Henry is in love.' "'What makes vou think so ? " Well, he a'nt eat nothin' for a week past t o speak of." Pa laid his paper down an his lap, folded his hands over it and gazed onto the lire reflectively. "It's kinder queer tout bein' in love," he said slowly, j " "hen people is courtin' they never seem to I keer ior victuals ; but jest as s?ou aa they get married victuals is about the only thiug they II hustle for, seven days in the week." not satiseiel). I kissed her a dozen times last night, And now it makes me sore To think that if I'd only «tayed I might have had one more. "Is that a real Italian couut that is call ing on your sister?" Jimmie: "Well, I should say so. And ho must be well known all over his native land, for there isn't an ice-cream man in town but what calls him by same when they speak." Their Thoughts. WBat & beautiful tiling is thoufibt,' she said ; ' A boon it is to myself and Jim. I sit and think he is thinking of me, And he sits and thicks I am thinking c him." I Couldn't Forget Them. — " Mary," ss I the sick man to his wife when the doct" I pronounced it a case of small-pox, "if anyf I my creditors call, tell them I am at last i:a j condition to give them something." I A professor, in explaining to a classof j _ young ladies the theory according to w.fch I the body is entirely renewed every s en I years, said : " Thus, Miss B., in seven ars | you will no longer be Miss B." " I iklly I hope I shan't," demurely respouded thclirl, 1 modestly casting down her eyes. I ghost story — "I am thy father's srit." Doing time — The lady who grows yenge-r every year. A stationer's traveller, having had a'un of I had lack in prosecuting business, neived t from his employer the following tcgram I — " If you can't make expenses, coir home j at once." The reply was — "AUrigh Can i make plenty of expanses, but no Eales'' ' " My task in life," said the paste, com- i placently, " consists in saving yont; men." " Ah," replied the maiden, with o soulful I longing, " save a good one for m, won't r yon ?" ! Hicks : "Look at Sniggs fiirtingivith the . girls over there. I thought you sal he was a woman-hater." Wicks : "So h is ; but i the woman he hates is not there.5' 1 , Another Prodigy. — Mrs Jim wing (to l distinguished foreign visitor: " That F piece my daughter is paying is j extremely difficult, baron." Jiron Bressel I fin extreme agony) : " Ah, maime, I vish 1 it woo hnposseeable !" I BACKGROUNDS. I She m-t Delore an -.»„ci w i a lightly so, I A paint-brush in her fingers, i-iy trailing to I and fro. ' f B I stood quite close beside her wiL a wildly beat- II ing heart, ' St. And praised with reckless arour, her pro- Eft ficiency in art. & How sweet she was and dainty ! How I loved BR9 her ! I declare Br It seemed to me no other girl coul be one- half BR-' so fair, K. As she sat there, leaning forward in the grace s' fullest of poseB, K And deftly put the background it a plaque of yellow roses. B Ah ! that wss many years ago : dex girl I love her still. I love her smiles and dimples, am adiuirc the K wondrous skill Of her dainty, snowy fingers — I'v been walch- inE them to-night HE Move to and fro above the work .he's holding tothe light, And, thinking of that other day, 1 doze a bit, H perchance, As she deftly- puts a background iito Jimmie's H other "pants.' He had thrown himself at tie feet of the BE girl ho loved, and on bended krees pleaded H his eause. " Will you be my wife?" he H urged passionately. "Certainly," she re- BK . sponded with fastidious frankness ; "but for goodness sake don't scrouch down in that B way. I don't like to accept a man whose B pantaloons bag at the knee." HE Consoling : He : I always used to over- HB estimate my abihties. She (consolingly) c HE H ell, never mind. Your friends never did. K SOME SATISFACTION. B| 11 1 know," BE Remarked the gay coquette. H "1 haven't HE Caught a husband vet: B But then," H She added, softly sighing, BE " I ve had some fun while I've been trying." Hw Bridget's Sarcasm. — Mr Harlem : Why B don fc yon bring np the morning paper? It B| half an hour ago. Bridget : Humnh 1 H Do you exuict me to rade it coomin' up the B stairs? KB Young MistresB: Bridget, yon haven't SB civen fresh water to the goldfish. Bridget : HH o, miss ; they ain't drunk what they had B -already. B A colored woman iu Texas town had just B juried her fourth hurhand. As in duty bound Bt Parson Whangdoodle Baxter called to console H- the widow. " De Lor' will temper de wind to de shorn BK lamb." B "Does yer moan dat I'se one oh de black sheep ob de flock ?" asked the widow tartly. IB " I doesn't mean dat, sister. All I means am B dat yore afilictBhun am sore. Nobody 'preshiates ran de sufferin's ob de widow." EnK "PerKckerly when dark colors make her look UB- Hke a ekeercrow. I reckon 1 knows all about de sufferings ob de widdr. I has been dar foah S» Simes." — " Texas Sittings." 