WHO IS HE? OB The Indian Mabatma in Australia. JCOFPBIGHT. j AN" AUSTRALIAN STORY Natural & Supernatural KENKETK HAMILTON M.S., F.R.C.S. CHAPTER IX. AIICE fiABTOR'6 JUSSIiOE. So the eve of my wedding-day arrived, and I Bought "ay om dear hauntby tie river where so inajiy mniden homs bad been passed in childhood delight in the mere fact' of living, naught this time with a sore And rebblliouB heart I Bat gaang at the swift flowing liver how clear and calm the depths looked, and how srveet a rest ~ should find there were it not for the pain would cause my dearest mother, also jointly the eensfe of wrong with which one regards the wrenching aside the awfnl veil of lie future life.' 2fo, no, I thought, I am young and strong; other women have borne, I will, hear; other women have conquered, I will conquer. Ah, perchance the Mighty Creator will use me as an instrument tosoften his nature and to curb and save this evil man. Truly that will be something to live for— something to wait and hope for. Mother says happiness i6 not the end of life, mi given to the greatest, the purest, or the holiest a b w t t t l " w o g s to have had a haj>py life. What am I that~~y should demand it F Lwill be brave and take t what Jias been farced xn me in the best way at I can, and God will help me. But, oh it ' hard not to have a scrap of lave even to begin with, and womanly - tears began to flow when "Alice, Alice!" called oat my future owner, and forthwith my sacred place was invaded to my consternation. He had evidently been drinking, but not sufficiently to rob off all the veneer with which he had overlaid his real character during the past three weeks. He approached quietly and attempted to throw his aim about my waist, but I eluded the familiarity. " Alice, dear," said he, "to-morrow will see the consummation of our happiness. Do you' anticipate it as I do, I wonder. Of course you know X am not a sunt; hut, at anyrate, there are »innp<n as bad as I am. I replied as kindly as I could that there were plenty of men who could hardly be re garded as saints, though I had had very little' experience of men either saints or This rather tickled his fancy, and he told me-with a laugh that his experience of the other sex was a little more extensive than mine was of his. I have no doubt," he continued, "that you and I shall jog along as comfortably as other married folk. We shall both have to give and take, but if youdon'tlook too closely at my faults—-I suppose I have them like other people—I'll promise not to hunt out yours. Taking everything into account it is a sensible way to commenoe married life, don't think I have gained what people talk so much about—your woman's heart—but, at all events,lam sure of your woman's-fidelity. Is there no chance of gaining anything more than that, Alice dear?" lie whispered, and again attempted to come closer tome. What was it that held me bade thenf Perhape it was wilfulness. Perhaps it was pity that I waaheldiaek? Perhaps—but no. There was no responsein my heart to his soft, whispered words, and I had not learned to be a hypocrite. X was silent- - r The man then showed his real^cfaaracter. He got lip from where he had thrown him eelfljy my ode, and, with a coarse laugh, said: " All right, my bonnie wife, that is to be my innings will come some timeor or other. Now, I will leave you to your reveries." Had I done right ? that was the question. I had seriously debated whether at the last moment I should not defy consequences and refuse to sacrifice myself. Now, I had thrown down the glove perhaps prematurely. It was a difficult position for a young and inexperienced girl, and 1 thought myself un generous. "Want of generosity, I think, is not a failing- of mine, and the feeling that I had treated badly the man who had a right, perhaps, to expect some return to his ad vances, did much to reconcile me to the ordeal of the morrow. I remained a long time alone with my own thoughts after he had gone. The troubles of my past life—short as it was—crowded on my memory, but the future had little of pro mise. Was it always to be like this? Was life nothing but a wearisome change from bad to worse ? Where were the recom- Itwasa wearied woman, no longer a lighthearted girl, who retraced weary steps to the bouse that pigbt, having buried all the frirlish hopes and longings in a grave by the river— the river, my childish play-mate, my girlhoods' friend—the laughing, smiling river. Many a sad day e'er I saw my river again, and "bow changed then was I from the girl who said a sad farewell on her wedding eve Tet all through the river flowedon and on unchanged. Not to linger over tins wrenching asunder of home ties, the fateful day saw me the wife of George Barton, but pale, heait-Btricken, still brave for my own mother's sake. She, dear soul, in silver grey and dainty lace, looking fragile and sad, and my grim father with his blustering ways and loud voice— ".Now then, Agnes, no whimpering. Mrs. Barton wants something to eat, so lead the way with the parson and the jolly young people can follow whilst' I bring up the rear, eh, parson P I know you're hungry—look it, poor devil. Eh—what! don't know the devil! Well, my dear sir, J do; met him in India where he took the same of Nana Sahib and disappeared in brimstone and blue blazes. By Jove, it's a fact, sir. Saw him him myaelf—In fact was AmWnjt brandy pawnee." So he rattled on jn his oOTtloverbearinj; style in great good humor at having gained his point, for we were to live for a time at least on an estate he had recently purchased jnAkajoa. We went over to Melbourne for a month, and returned to take my mother with us for a visit to New Zealand. The six months that followed were indeed delightful, as my darling- mother remained the whole of that time quietly with me in lovely Akaroa before my father saw fit to re call her home in such a peremptory style that there was so eluding the command. Long before this George had thrown aside the slight reserve that he aasqmed during the first months ol our married life anil showed more of that reckless disregard of all and everyone save himself that afterwards ruined nut only our married life bnt also evexy chance of his own life ; and the parting with my mother was m coiisegnenoe full of bitterness her, for the absolute knowledge that she left the one dearest on earth to her in the yare of a man Who. regarded all women as ^cxerely the slavish creatures created for the amusement and use of man. The day before mother received the letter fruin father, as wc returned from a sail in the harbor, (George had purchased a yacht the first thing after we caxne- to onr own homo) and were walking quickly over Hie lawn ia front of the drawing-zoom windows, a dark, swarthy man peered out of the lilac bushes on my light hand, and, waUdng or rather gliding, swiftly up to my mother, said.. " Tour husband, madam, requires you." " Hon-?" said she in astonishment. .. ."X- know," he replied, with o cangu- I.-ir; smile. . "1 know, us X know many things^—and more'—I know that he will ahoitly.inecthia fate..'6houldltoll yon? A —dpeadM fate it wfil he, ibjit he brought it on a •umsulf- It is Karma, and that no one can j •staid:" Just-as the tiny stone thrown into immensity of the ocean .sends a-thrill throughout all its measureless Tplnme, acting fsa svciy land, End,peAajs;w-actmg f w l a throng-hoot the whole universe; so our every action, however trivial we may suppose it to His be, has acte, its you defined know, consequences have not been and those results .the consequences — • of - which - he could anticipate without apprehension." " What do you mean?" said poor mother, with mingled- fear and perplexity. Bat he was silent—only the same smile remained on his calm, unmoved face. MMan, man! Who are you!" I cried, "daring to terrify one so bail as my mother. You cannot know. We do not live in the days of prophesy and witchcraft!" "Nay, fair lily, not so fast; yon have yourself the gift of prophesy, the gift of clairvoyance and the gifts that belong to witches I shall bestow on you if you will. I have the power, and more than that look steadfastly at me till I leave you.' So saying he waved his hands twice over my head and I became rigid and intent, when, marvellous testate, I saw only a cloud of white vapor, which seemed slowly to glide before this dread man, with his piercing eyes, and when in a few seconds it had cleared away, he, too, had disappeared although all around us was bright Bnnlightand the smooth expanse of the lawn which no one could cross without being- seen by both of us. So we stared into each other's faces, half dead with fear; the air was suddenly filled with the sound of laughter, and a voice from beside- us exclaimed— " Daughter of earth, the Indian holds many secrets in his breast, the result of many lives; the astral body, is hot as the earthly ody. Seek for yourself the knowledge of I speak." Fainter and fainter the concluding sentences, and in a few minutes all was stilL Too tospeak, we grasped hands fled hrough the drawing-room window. " Hallo!" said Geoige from where he waa ying-stretched full length on the sofa. what the deuce is up now? Ton omen look as if you'd seen Lady Macbeth's wn special ghost/' "Oh, George, such a dreadful man. in the arden—an Indian—and I believe he's the ame who came to our house in -Tasmania the ear poor Will ran off to Melbourne;" and hereupon began a duet between my mother nd me as we tried to relate the wonderful hing to George. Ee sat up and said: " PhewBy Jingo, the same old card who told me I should soon be his, though how I -cannot say. Gertainly he's a. ram specimen. —ugh! (looking round) I fed as if the iggar was here now." A soft sigh from the corner by the piano made us all three tun towards that part of room, when a sardonic laugh and— Good- night, my friends, remember the magic of India is not dead or impotent so long as her sons live on the face of the earth. Rest. I go now. Whennextlcomeyou.will knowmore. Good-night." For once George threw his aon around me in a kindly way. " Awful, old girl, isn'tit? If thatfellow's not the devil himself he is his chief officer. No wonder yon both look Beared. By Jove, I'll have to take a glass of brandy myself before I get the sound of it oat of my ears." After this mother was in a continual fright and worry, so obeyed my father's summons home all the more readily, for she was a woman whose watch-word was" 11 duty," and well did die cany it out tothe end. Two years passed over in utter misery and constant humiliation for me. Drinking, swearing, gambling, racing—fast in every way, Geoige led the life he loved best, and soon got through what money he had from his father. Often after a few weeks spent in Auckland or Dunedin he would come home bringing a troop of men and fast women fend order me to be civil and entertain them well. Lothing my work I was forced to be coldly polite to people whom I despised and detested, brought, as they were, by my own husband to my own home. Reasoning and expostulation he never listened to. "Madam, am I master here or not? J do as I like, and the sooner you know it the better—no matter what you think. Who cares?. Get out if it doesn't please you!" Awfnl as this all Is, many a timehad .1. to sully my ears listening to what was a thousand degrees worse, or to put up with his equally degrading caresses when, he was pleased to he in what he called " the deuce of a good temper;" but I could generally, I found by this time,get ridof him by writing a cheque and persuading him (not much persuasion needed) to go and enjoy the races or any other festivity of which I chanced to h hear, and than a few dayB or perhaps weeks b helped me to bear a life almost unbearable m and growing daily worse. This spring a hope came tome that before long a sweet wee form would lie in my arms; little arms would twine round' my neck and soft wee lips be pressed tomine. Oh, holiest joy of motherhood! how wonderful thou ait! What can compare with thee I Thus the Catholic church makes the mother-heart of Jfaiy the fount of all love and pity, for she m u ss f i d knew the joys and tzials of a woman. Yet even this did not soften George, and his treatment of me became more and more brutal. Well do I remember his cruel hands wrenching my hair, his blows, curses and even kicks. Some sixweeks before the"birth of my child I was very ill and had to call in the doctor, whose kind care got me round and whose sympathetic voice and kindly ad- Tice were tome at that timeand indeed ever, since the greatest comfort I knew—the only friend whom I dared trust with all the humiliating bitterness of my life. At last my baby came—a crown of joy and delight. How I loved my sweet one. How I crushed his wee form against jny heart in a passion of thanksgiving to God for go wonderful a gift. I knew my little one's thought —his wants—even beforehe was conscious of them himself, and for him I made a stand, that all his property should not be spent in riotous living. Xet me pass by that scene. My hoy was but a few months old when his father insulted me and him with the last outrage, which a woman has to endure on earth; but there his power exceeded its limit. - I simply walked tomy room,and,takingmy child in my aims, bade the nurse follow me to the. principal hotel in Akaxoa since the polluted house was no longer fit for my babe and me. A fortnight later George succeeded in-fbreing an interview on tne, when he demanded a large sum of money at once, threatening to kill me if I did not consent to give him what would ruin my child. Fortunately, Dr. Clarke was within hearing, having called to ascertain if he could serve me in any matter. He came when I Called, and George immediately .and blankly consented to Je^ve for Melbourne at. once on the receipt of a cheque for Li,000, which I gave him. "Good-bye, George," I said, holding out my.hand. "Things might hare been' different if you had so willed. I have been a good ami faithful wife, and I do not forget you are the father of my boy. Godgrantyou may grow tiredof evil and come home to us atlast. Good-bye." He turned and scowled,- but never a word. Hence forward my life ran smoothly. 1 had a few friends—my books, my piano, my paint-box, and last and chiefest joy of all I had my blessed boy. His sweet voice cheered me; for him^CgrewJnerxy again; for liim I' sang and danced over the house and up and -down the garden paths. I was his companion and playmate; his friend and adviser, later on, and he— Ah, he was my inmost yty! Infinitely more precious than~ tiny'own life was this one which drew all its life from. me, which was so ^"finmflting in - its clinging, helpless dependence on me—nay-,' I could not have lived had it not been for Ihe infinite delight and care my boy was to me. , So God gives us women mother-hearts, and in the experience thus gained teaches ns His ward, and onward towards that spiritual life which so nearly surrounds us. I taied tb leamall I could of that life so that I might be the more fittedto lead and teach my son in all goodness, purify and holiness, and so the My mother was now living with me. - Dear soul, she had gone through "much. A few months after .my Geofiiy was born my fatiier disappeared in a-most uncanny way." 'ishaH' been on a visit to'Tasmaniaand was&eraat; the time.; An lndian hawker came one day. nd 'my "father, lifted shie whip tosbake him or danng tb pester the houBe* with his wares, hen the Indi&n; lifted ^lishand and nttered. sentence In a foreign language. My father ooked BQanBdnnd/tnmtifl faraywifii arourse, nd for several days afterwards yalked gbpnt . looking half dazed,spoke gently evenlovingly, ' to my mother, and one day, after kjssinghar , gently on the cheek, saying: 6 go "Lie out with down the and-iestj dogs foraMt." Agnes wifie, while I J g0He went out, anf though seareh ^ made ^ far and near no one lis ever heardoforseen j i S r i - i S L T ^ J T S J C S and restful, save when the memory of the In-: dian's awful and mysterious words or the faint echo of die ill-doings of the scape-grace husband axe wafted to us; no cloud dimmed our sky; all was peaceful and calm,and I i wondered and wondered how any woman could every deem the love of a man of any consequence, especially when shehas sosweet a gift as a little Heaven-sent soul with its snowy purity to love and to train. So ends the first part of my story, com inon-place enough. ' Hundreds of giris many without loving men whom they loathe in the intimacy of daily life; hundreds of wives are ill treated; hundreds deserted; hundreds have baby boys or girls to love, and the common, every-day lot of womankind comes to them and is a down of joy or a crown of thorns, and no one cares, for women bear and suffer in silence—their timeisnotyet. - I have said little about anything but the cireumetanoes more intimately connected with my own life. I have said nothing of the death of the old man, Barton, who, long before his death, recognised how base and cruel his son was and what a wretched sacrifice had been made of me. The old man died in my'arms, blessing me as his only comfort for years, and his last words were a whispered prayer for forgiveness. He had that forgiveness, and he knew that it was from my heart. I have said little of my poor brother who ran the race of wickedness and brought sorrow and disgrace on us all. Sorrow and disgrace are not subjects we love to dwell on, and if they have to bepainted it.is not by the hand of one-that has to bear the load. My share of sorrow was great, but the disgrace was not mirie, though I shared m 5 if: r "What a different world would it be if we were made responsible for the deeds of our own hand alone! 