THE riUCE OF SUGAR CANE. Communicated. | Tbo lato movo in roduoing tbo prioo of cano much of it showing over lOdog. Boaumo, to 7/0 por ton dolivorod at tbo mill, should bo an oyo opener for fnrmora who lmvo hignod (or nro likely to do) aomothinir which must bo of vorv oxtraordlnury nature, wondorfully olastio. I should think if a roduction could bo mado to 78\. Oil. por ton by virtuo of tbo signed paper, tboro oould bo uo grout dlllloulty in Btlll furthor roduoing tbo raying prico to On. por ton. It oortainly speaks volumes in praise of tho long headed person who drafted it in favor of tno miller, but X would not euro to havo much dealings with him. X would at any rate act very carefully, keep strictly sober, and got up wy early oaoh morning in hope of holding my own with him- It muy bo that tho paper signed is of no uso to either miller or fannor (certainly not to tho hitter ono would think). Ouo thing, liowotor, scorns prottyolcar: tho millers and tho Government, betweuu them, lately stood at nothing to provcut tho Sugur "Works Guarantoo Aot from being taken advant age of by farmers iu tho Isle, aud whilo tho Iiolly's Camp mon woro fighting for n mill tho . ptivaiv iuiu unuvin nviu >uiy pmu iu lugir oustomors, freolypayiog them tho highest prico for oano. But so noon as tho cowardly death blow was given to tho Kelly's Company by tho Govoromont io order , and tno const appeared to booloar to go-as-you-ploaso, millers bognn to boo their way to koop farmers onoo moro in tboir "propor placo" and troat thorn just as thoy (the millors) thought fit. If tbo word suicido . woro writton on tho sugar industry it would bo apropos of suob oouduot. Bo tho agrooinonts fiotitlous or binding, a moral understanding now oxists that a fair prico shall bo paid for oano, and that prico is 10s. por ton. Koop at that and tboro will bo satisfaction on tho part ' of tho farmer and a fair show of prospority around him. Any roduotion on tho 10s. por 'ton, bo it over so small, will destroy what would otherwise bo a pcrfcotly good fooling botween tho farmers and tho millers. To oifor 7/G ond oxpeot farmers to continuo growing cano at that prico is eheor insanity, for it means suicido of tbo milling interests as well as murder of tho farming interests of tho sugar industry. If mill propriotors find they bavo erooted mills whioh cannot bo economically worked — mills that swallow up forests of firowood overy season — thoy must not oxpcct tbo farmers to pay for suoh wasteful milling by a roduotion on their part of tho prico of tho oano thoy supply. Tbo Is is sugar millors live in a fool's paradiso if thoy dream of cutting down tho prico for cano, for neither the farmers— who aro electors, and tho other electors of Burrum, as well as tho voters la _ tho general run of electorates in the colony will allow them to do just as thoy think fit. ougar growing must either pay tbofarmars a fair rotorn, aud that too without any help from Aaiatio labor, or it will not bo oarriod on at all under tbo present system, whioh is on tbo ' whole opposed to tho best development of tho industry. Tho whole of tho mills should bo worked on tho co-oporativo principle laid down in tho Sugar Works Guarantoo Aot, so that all persons connected with tho industry would oqu&lly; loso or bonofit by doprooiation - or rise as tho caso might bo in tbo valuo of sugar in tho world's markot, Tho grand ;prinoiplo of tho Aot should bo oxtended to includo orection of reiinorioB by companies having no interest bar markets out side tho limits of Queensland. At prosont a vast company foreign to tho colony regulates or dominates tho Colonial market. Tliis sarao will soon bo recognised generally qb a big political power foroibly trying to, and possibly succeeding in, moulding tbo minds of many dirootly interested in tho sugar industiy to tho idea that tho colony must und ahull upon its gates to a voritablo Hooding of sorvilo colored labor. IU agreement with the Railway Com missioners shows that "for ways that aro # dark" it is not so slow. There has been too mnch dark, unseen work oouneotod with tho sugar industry in tho past, and tho ovil scorns to bo increasing, but it cannot incroaso much more, for in spito of opposition the principlo of tbo Sugar Works Aot will got suoh a hold on tho foolings of all who wish to sco tbo colony progress as a truly Australian ono, who wish to sco prosperous farming communities working iU lands, that it will bo generally adopted putting extortionate millers and monopolists of all kinds connected with tho in dustry. to tho right about- The drones arc having their- innings at present; thoy may not bavo suoh auothor when this ono is over for many a long year to oomo— lot us hopo so, for it stands to reason if tho formers trot fair play. prospority will bo goneral with all classes ; if not, thon the sugar industry is a delusion Sovon shillings and sixponco a ton would as cortainly floor it, as 10s mako it tho baokbono of Queensland. Tho growors must ho fairly paid, or down oomos tho industry boyond tho ghost of a doubt. Kelly's Camp, Novembor lClb. Horo is a bit of u facor for thoso gontlomon who caoklo muohly upon labor slaving machin ery, kidnappod kanakas— good allteration thac —and ory out in tho laod to organizo and un seat Messrs Duffy and O'Coonell at tho noxt elootion. In roply to Mr .Glaesoy, Mr Philp said (in tho Logtslativo Assembly on Wednes day night) " That twenty-six applications had been made for tho oreotion of control mills under tho. Sugar Works Guarantoo Aot of 1803, and twenty of thoso applications had boon entertained. Tboro woro two mills in 'oourso of orootion, tho locality whero thoy woro "being orootod being Maokay. Tho estimated cost of tho said mills was £51,950 8s. Tho total amount guaranteed by tho Govornuiont up to date for tbo orootion of control mills was nil. No stipulation hud boon made by tho Government with companies ereoting central mills for tho maohiuory for thoso mills being manufactured within tho colony. Tho Govern ment could not compel farmers to have their mills manufai '.7 hero; but as a matter of foot most of the work had been done in tho colony." At tho mcoting of shareholders of tho Giu Gin Central Mill Company, held last Thursday night, tho sito of tho mill was satisfactorily arrauged, and good progress mado with other matters appertaining thereto. Wo aro informed by Mr A. J. Aldridgo that throughout tho district gonoraUy tboro lias boon a provalonco of hot dry winds ; every thing is parchod up, and copious rain is badly wanted, At Gordalba wo notioo that Mr Young, of Knookroo, is putting up a storo opposite TTnlmnn' hotel, and totnor buildlntrs aro shortlv to bejerootod.'ia Messrs. Lamb, smith, and Co., Sydnoy, ro- port tolling, by ordor of the liquidators of tho Crystal Bunk Sugar Company, Limited, tho Glou Island plantation, containing 28-13. acres, nt tbo Proserpino Rivor, Queensland, for '£2150. Tho Hungarian Minister for Agriculture, Count FestotToB, Isa man of outorprieo. Want ing to got to tho bottom of tho Booalist movo- ' mont in Hungary, ho dkguised liimfiolf anil mixed freoly among tho loadors of tho movo- mont In ocortain district. Tho rosult was that . ho bocamo convincod that. tho main cause of Socialism was want of work, so ho bad uudor- tnken.tooroot a sugar manufactory to provide employment for tno pooplo. Count Fostctics is ono of tho most drlstooratio of tho Hungarian pottos; Tho Sugar Journal estimates tho increased ennc plnutings for t ho year at 15 per cent, after making an allowance of an equal pur ccnlitgo on account of gumming, Mossrs. M'Crcndy and Pagot, nt tho invita tion of tho directors of tho Piano Crock Central Mill Company, Mnokay, havo hoon making nn inspection of tho land with a view to advising as to tho host silo for tho orcotiou of tho Contrul mil). A contemporary in Briidiano has mado tho important discovory that fishes aro partial to sugar, and roadily bito whoa it is oITored thom for bait. This ought to boom tho district any way, and uo doubt by und by will bo a wclcomo safoguurd ngninst over-production. Wo aro pleased 1 o loam from Mr. Armstrong, munagor of tho Yoppoon Sugar Plantation, that ho linH uo kuowlodgo of gumming in sugar oano. Fuvorod by a iitio season, tho cano ut Yoppoon is looking romarkably well. Next yonr's crushing, it is anticipated, will reach 1500 tons. Tho cano on tho laud taken up aud looking woll, and nil of thom aro likely to havo a good roturn for thoir labor. — C'uprtcorman. An important dooiBion affecting sugar manu facturers und their omploycos was givou last wcok iu chumbors by Mr Justico Winuoycr. It uppoars that Summers Brown (says tho G. and It. Examiner), was an omployor of labor at his sugar mill ut Rous, ncur Aistousvill, Richmond Rivor, and ho ongnged men to out sugar cano. Tboro was a writton agrcomont signod by Pcroy Wormorsloy, tho complainaut in tho court bolow, whioh providod, amoug other things, that nil persons signing it should work overtiino whon roquirod to do bo, tho roason being that from timo to timo it was necessary to unload oano in tho ovoning in ordor to keop tho mill going. It was furthor provided by tho agrcomont that if any porsons signing it should ho dismissed for disobedience of orders, or for any otlior sufficient cause, 25 por cent i Bhouhl bo retained from tho wages carnod by him during tho agxoomont for tho wholo of tho manufacturing season, and that such porcontngo should bo absolutely forfaited to tho omployor, Summers Brown, Wormorsloy haviug refused on two occasions to work ovor- thno as provided by tho agreement, ho was dismissed. Ilia otnploycr thon tondorod to Wormorsloy £1 Is 3d, boing tho wholo of tho wages duo to him, less £1 9s 7d, whioh was tho 25 por cont deduotiou iu tho tcrmB of tbo agrcomont, and Wormorsloy thon sued him for tno nmouut so deducted. Tho justicos, having hoard „tho caso, gavo n verdict uudor tho Masters and Servants Aot for tho wholo amount. In coming to a decision ho (Mr Justico Windoyor) was of opinion that tho justices took an orronoous viow of tho agrco mont, and upon tho ovidoncc, whioh was not disputed, that tho oomplainant in tho court bolow rofuBcd to ol>oy orders, tho doolsion was orroncous in point of law. 