SIX CUPS OF CH0C0- . LATE. A PIECE OP GOSSIP IN ONE ACT. Characters ! Miss Adeline von Lindau, a German girl. Miss Marion Lee, a transplanted Southern girl. Miss Dorothy Green, a Now-Euglander. Miss Hester Beacon, aBostonian. Miss Beatrix van Kortlandt, a New' Yorker. Miss Jcannette Durand, a French girl. Scene : A collego town in How England. Time— Early spring. A large sitting-room luxuriously and tastefully furnished. Bow-window at tho buck of tho stage, with window-seat, in front of which stands a small work-table; on latter aro paper, pen una. ink. To the left of the window, . iu the corner, is a piano lamp ; to the right of the window; in the corner, is a sofa. To tho left, in the centre of the wall, is a fireplace ; opposite it, to the right, is a door. , In llio middle of the room Btands a large toa-table, slightly to the lott of which is a settee. A chair is in front of the fireplace. An arm chair is . in the loft-hand corner near tho audience, S-Bhapod setteo in the light-hand corner near the audicnco. At rise of curtain Adeline von Lindau is alone, and busy arrauging flowers on the tea-table. Adeline : Thero ! Now the girls can come as soon as they like, for I'm quite ready. Whot a jolly afternoon we shall have, and all to ourselves! Pupa's olfon a business trip, and mamma's spending the day over at grandmother's, so I asked a few of the girls to drop in for a cup of chocolate. (Regretfully). There's nothing for us girls to do in a small college town like Hartford but drink cuocoiute and chat. (Glancing at the clock on- the mantel-piece). Why it's nearly fgur o'clock, and not a girl hero yet ! (Smiles and draws a letter from her pocket.)' > Well, perhaps I shall have time to'roread this beloved letter once more. It all seems bo romantic. (Holds letter open while talking.) Last Saturday wo girls went to a tea given by Mrs. Draper, 'and Pfofetsor Draper pre sented a . Mr. Lovering to us. He is cer tainly better-looking than most of the college boys, but I only spoke to him for a few minutes. He was rather impressive, and seemed most anxious that I should see him act in tho college theatricals. And ever since Satur day ho hits walked homo down this street. But I never realised what a deop impres sion I had made on him till I received this to-day. Reads aloud. "My dear Miss, von Lindau, — I .know that 1 am taking a great liberty in writing to you thus, but how can a poor grubworm of a student hope to bring himself to your notice except through tho cold, steely method of his pen? Since we met, a few day's ago, your face has ever been with mo, ' arid I . would that you could. 'know -how shpromeiy happy I am when I cgteh a glimpse of you as I pass boneath your window. Pardon me for stopping toVguze at yon, but I can no longer conceal my love, my deep enduring love. Ah ! how happy you would make me if on Wednesday night at tho college play you would wear a rose, a single rose, in your bosom, "that I might thus know that- my boldness wao forgiven! If you do not grant my request, yon may re- grot the consequences, for I .cannot live — But enough of dark thoughts. Yours, with undying Ibire, ' "Edmuxd Loveriso." Oh, how lovely, una yet how terrible ! (Sighs sentimentally.) . If I don't grain his request, what will' he do? Of coarse he has taken a great liberty in writing to a girl whom he has just met, but I am sure he must bo a poet, and poets are so unconventional, Poor hoy ! Every day now a littlo after four he comes down our street, and when h'o gets near I can feel my heart beat. Yes terday mamma was sitting by ir.o at the window, and ' when he looked up 1 must havo grown very red, for mamma suddenly said to mo, " My dear child, why are you blushing so ?" Fortunately a brilliant idea struck me, and 'I answered, quickly, "Oh dear! that abominable tooth of mina hurts mo again." (Glances at the clock.) Good gracious ! it's nearly time for him to pass. If only he would go by now before the girls come ! I think I shall bow to him to-day. Usually I pretend nut to see him. Ah, Adeline, confess it ! You love him. (Peeps out of window.) Here he comes 1 Quick ! a book in my. hand 1 Seizes a book fro'in a table, and places herself on the window seat, apparently absorbed in reading, then casually raises her head, glances out, smiles, and bows to someone. Dorothy Grsen in the meantime has entered. Dorothy : How do you do, Adeline. (But Adeline still looks out and does not hoar.) (Speaking louder.) Hello, Adeline i Don't you hear me ? Adeline (starting and turning slowly: Oh — er— what is it? Oh, it's yon, is it? Oh dear! How you frightened ma? Dorothy : Yes, it's I ; bat who were you so occupied in bowing to that you didn't heer ino come in ? Adeline (confused) : Who was I bowing to ? Why— er— I was bowing uoross to our neighbor, Mrs. Montgomery. Dorothy (laughing) : But she is out t>f town. Adeline (still more confnsed) : I didn't mean Mrs. Montgomery, but Mr. Mont gomery ; it was a Blip of the tongue. Dorothy (still laughing) : But he's dead ! You don't see ghosts, do you? Adeline (startled) : Oh I do stop laugh ing. I don't seo anything so tunny in my bowing. Dorothy (stops laughing) : Of course you don't. So you bowed to Mrs. or Mr. Mont gomery, and yet you know perfectly well that Mr. Montgomery is dead, and that Mrs. Montgomery i3 out of town. Adeline (blushing and ombarrassed) : Oh, dear! that's so. I'd forgotlen. I was awfully startiod. In fact, I Dorothy (seizes Adeline's two hands end makes liur face her) : Ail, Adeline, Ade line ! I can guess ! Adeline (blushing) : What? Dorothy (still holding Adeline) : That when a girl is so startled because her best friend asks her whom site was bowing to, the bow was not to dead or absent neigh bors, but to a — here, facu me — young man. All, Adeline ! how could you keep it from ir.e ? Haven't wo always sworn to tell ouch other everything, and called ourselves the Twin Syndicuto ? Adeline (smiling) : Yes, dear ; and you shall know all. (In semi-tragical voice.) Dorothy, I — I am in lovo ! " Dorothy (calmly) : So am I. : Adeline (excitedly) : What, you too ? Dorothy: Yes, I too. Why, you didn't suppose you had the entire snap on Cupid and Co., did you ? Adeline (hesitatingly) : N— no, I suppose not. (Becoming animated again,) But, oh, I am so happy ! You see, I didn't know thai Ed— ah cm I that he really loved mo till to-day. (Sentimentally.) Nor canI now tell 'you liia name, Dorothy: No? Well, never mind. (Speaking rapidly.) Mine passes by my window every evening at dusk. And, as Marion would say, ha looks like a perfeot gallant. Adeline (pensively) : Mine looks like— a — a cavalier. Dorothy : Mine has curly hair, Adeline : So has tnino, and dreamy blue eyes. Dorothy (reflecting) : I don't know about tho dreaminess, but he has tho dourest little moustache. Adeline: "Isn't that odd? So has nine, and raven black hair and long eyelashes, and a Grecian nose, and a fine figure, nnd (draws letter oat of hor pocket and holds it up) here is his letter. Dorothy (same business) : And here is mine. Ah ! (Mai ion Lee and Heater Beacon enter.) Glad to sec you girls. Hester (rather still, and wearing glasses, which sho takes oil on entering): Thank you, Dorothy. I hope I find you well, Adeline ? Marion (speaking slowly) : How d'ye do, Adeline ? And you, too, Dorothy ? Hester (without giving Dorothy time to ansWcr): But where are the rest of the girls? I thought we should be tho last? Marion (speaking slowly aud dropping into a chair): Yes, I met Hoster just as I turned the corner, and she made me hurry. Iiestor (interrupting) : Have you heard the news yet? Adeline, Dorothy and Marion: What news ? Heater (importantly): They say that -Beatrix van Kortlandt is engaged. Dorothy: What, again 1 And who is it this timo ? Hester : Well, she is very sensitive about being questioned, so I cannot ascertain if it bo true ; and, at auy rale, you will hardly believe it. Dorothy (impatiently) : Then wo'li dis believe it, DUt do go ahead and tell. Hester: His name — ha, ha, ha! it is really extremely funny. Adeliuc : Well, go oh ; who is he ? Hester: Augustus Wellington. Ha, ha, ha 1 Marion (clasping her handB) : Lauda- massy ! Adeline: Augustus Wellington! Impos sible ! iiestor: So they ssy; and he is squint- eyed. Dorothy : And his hair is so red it puts the Bun in the shade. Marion : Perhaps she is color-blind. Dorothy: Well, she must be mighty hard up for a husband if she takes him. Hostcr : To- morrow the engagement will doubtloss be announced in the papers. Marian (thoughtfully) : He must be worth at least a million. Dorothy : Ugh ! I wouldn't have him for twice that amount, even if ho were to solemnly swear that he would dio within a year. Hester: Well, perhaps Beatrix can re joice, -for she is not very handsome herself, Dorothy : Handsome ! She's as homely as a pewter mug. Adeline : She certainly dresses well, but she is too well aware of it. Dorothy (with disguat) : Sho is the most affected piece Ive seen for moons. Hester : It is whispered that her father is fa3t approaching bankruptcy. Marion: Yes; and it's said that it's her mother's love' of finery that has ruined him. Hester: I never could stand that woman ! , . Adeline : She always carries hor head so high. Dorothy : It's light enough ; there's nothing in it. Marion: But she has a good deal of taste. Dorothy (quickly) : Yes, and all of it so ,bnd. ' ; Adeline (laughing) : Oh t have yon seen her last bonnet ? It's made o emerald- green velvet, and trimmed with pink rosettes and light blue tips. Ha, ha, ha 1 Hester : She prides herself on being " the first lady of tho town." . Marion : She is quite old enough. Poor Beatrix ! I don't envy her her fate. All : Nor do I ! Beatrix van Kortlandt enters. All the girls try hard to look as if tho last thing on earth they had been talking about was sho. Beatrix bows to all tho girls, but shakes huuds with Adelino, Beatrix : Pray pardon my being so late, Adeline ; but really I had so many engage ments, and the last one was at my milliner's. The stupid thing kept me waiting so long for my hat. However, here I am, hat and all. How do you like it, girls? Adelino : It's lovely. Dorothy : How large it is. Is that the new stylo? Marion : I think tho ribbon is a little too dark. Dorothy : I Bhould have liked feathers better. Beatrix (slightly piqued, and with irony): Oh, of courso ; in matters of taste you are doubtless a high authority. Dorothy (indignantly) : I suppose by that you mean I haven't any ? Weil, mamma said only the other day that for a girl of my years I had more than anyone sho knew. Beatrix (still ironically) : A remark like that, coming from such a source, caunot bo disputed. Dorothy (angrily and a little nettled) : Well, at least she has more taste than to woar red, blue and brown at the same time, the way your mother does. Beatrix (very coldly, and drawing herself up) : You're a mere child, and children, as yon have probably bean told, should be seen and not heard. Adelino (before Dorothy can speak, rap. fing with her spoon): Como, girls, to order, shall really have to call time on you. Dorothy : Yes, but, Adeline, she called me a child. And (turning to Beatrix) I a'm no more child than you ; and you needn't imagino that just because you are a paltry nine months older you can lord it over me. Hostor : Do settle your littlo difficulties amicably. ' Murion (languidly) : Yes, do, and put an end to this feud. Dorothy : I'm willing, if Beatrix will admit that I am not a child. Beatrix : I will, if you will allow that mamma lias good taste. Dorothy : Well— sho has on some occa sions, so let's shako hands on it. Knock at door ; Adeline rises and goes to it ; coining back with tray, which some one has handed her, containing chocolate and cakes. She places it on tea-table, Adelino : Now, girls, take off your gloves and let's have our chocolato. Jeannette will havo to pay tho ponalty of being so late by taking hers cold. Girls Bottle themselves round the room and drink ohucolate. Hester (rising with mock solemnity) : Let us drink to this newly-declared peace. All drink. Beatrix (eating cake) : How good this cake is, Adeline 1 It's simply delicious. Marion : Yes ; it tastes like some my old mammy used to make for me. Dorothy : And wo are much obliged for tho delicate little attention ynn paid us in having angcl-cakn. Girls laugh. Adeline : Really, if I wasn't so comfort ably seated I should rise to tho occasion and drop you a curtsey for all those pretty speeches. Beatrix : What play aro tho collego boys going to give to-morrow evening ? Dorothy : A skit on "Faust." Marion: How amusing 1 I reckon Mr. Edmund Lovering will take the part of Faust. Adeline (enthusiastically) : And I'm Bure lie will be splendid 1 Hester : Aro you all going ? All: Yes, indeed. Marion : Papa doesn't like my going to see the college boys act. He says it's a wubte of time, but when mamma heard that the titlo of tho play was " Faust," after (turning to Adolino) hearing your father's lecturo on Goethe tho other day sho said that I should go, as it was part of my edu cation to see such pieces, So, as mamma's word is law — All. Ha, ha, ha 1 Dorothy (enthusiastically): Well, I for ono am glad to hear that wo really must show those so-called lords of creation that we are the trno masters. Bat (cnlming down) there is no need of mentioning thas fact, girls. All (laughing) : We wouldn't think of doiug such a thing. (Jeannette Darand enters hurriedly). Jeaunotte : Ah 1 pardon, mesdemoisellcs, je suis veri late. Ma clidro Adeline, you vill forgive me— is it not eo ? . Adeline : Of course, but we had almost despaired of seeiug you, and (mockingly) living so far as you do (next door), it naturally took you a long time to get hore ; but (seriously) what kept you? Jeanneito (embarrassed): Zat vas juste it. I livo zo nicro zat I put oil getting ready till late. (Glances at the clack.) Oh, it is very varm in 'ere. I zink I vill seat my self by ze vindow. (Goes to window and opens it, looking out at the same time. All : Why, it isn't too warm in here. Adelino : Why, child, you will freezo ns out with that open window. Marion : I find it anything but warm here. (Shivers.). Dorothy (with resigned air) : Yes, it's a cold day for me with that window open. Hester : Close the window and sit over here and havo some chocolate. All (eagerly) : Yes, do. Jeaunotte (closes window and takes a scat, also chocolate) : Mes onfants, you are as frilcusc as ze loctel fishes. But I vill reconte you a — a 'istory say you? — zat vill tell you pourquoi I am zo varm. All lean eagerly forward. Jearinetto calmly drinks her chocolate. Marion (after a moment's pause) : I am most anxious to hear your story, Joannette. Pleaso go on. Adelino (who has been talking to Dorothy): Is she going to tell us a story ? Hester : Yes ; and (turning to Jeannette) will you not commence, for we are waiting mo9t patiently ? Adeline : I hope it isn't tragical. Dorothy : Nor too long. Marion : Are thero any love affairs in it? I reckon that sort is always the most in teresting. Jeannette: Qui, it is a lovo 'istory,. Ah, tnesdemoiselles, I ain zo 'appy, I am trans ported vit joy. But a swallow of chocolat— my troat is dry. - Drinks. Marion : Now do go on, for, since it's a love story, I am wild to hear it. Jeannette: ton, Marionne, vill perhaps comprehend mo better zan ze others, for you come from a varm-'oarted country, and your people, chez vous, aro nut icebergs like doze up 'ere. But I must demand you all, on your life, if you have cvore been in love. Marionne, I vill commence vit yon. Have you evero been in love ? Marion (after short hesitation): Why — yes— and I'm in love now. Jeannette: And you, Beatrice? Beatrix : Well, I euppose I'm in love, too. Jcannette: And you ? Dorothy (briskly) : Oh, yes, indeed, I'm in love. Jeannette: And you? Adeline (sentimentally) : Ah 1 I too have given my heart into another's keeping. (Sighs.) . . Jeannette : And you ? Hester : I am beloved, but I cannot yet dottrminb on reciprocating his love. At present ho is beneath me, and my parents would never consent to the marriage. Jeannotte: Do not be angry, ma chere 'Estere, mais you talk stupidly. In love everyone is equal, and ono must always expect many obstacles. And it is ze glory of conquering zom zat makes grow your love. Adeline : Oh, yes, Jcannette 1 You are Bpeaking from yonr soul, I see. If whnt you say is true, then I indeed love, for there are muny obstacles in my path. (Bighs.) Jeannette : Zo you all love already. You ail 'avo been younded by ze littlo gentleman vit'zs_bow and arrow. Zen you vill pro mise me your sympatic ven you 'ear my triste 'istpry. , Is it not so ? All: Yos, yes. Jeannette:. Eh bieri 1 Zis morning I vas sitting in my boudoir, ven some one knocks at za door. I say "Eutrez!" and zo maid comes in vit a note vitch a lcetel gamin had left for mc. I know not ze writing, so I open it . quick ; zen 1 start, for it is from somo one zat I 'ad only spoken to une fois ; but 'o passes our windows every day at ze same hour.. I.vae much surprised, but oh! it made me zo heurcuse. It is a most beau tiful letter. 'E is a true poete. Listen. Draws letter from her pocket. "My Dierk Misse Durand,— I know zat I am taking a groat liberty in writing to you zuss (Adelino looks surprised, draws out her letter from her pocket, and reads it while Jeannette is reading), but 'ow can a poor grubworm (Dorothy draws her letter out of hor pocket, and reads it while Jean nette is reading ; she also looks surprised) — vat is z»t? — of a student hope to bring 'imself to your notice, except trough ze cold steely mcthode of 'is pen ? Since vo met a few days ago your face has evere been vit mc, and I vould zat yon could know 'ow supremely 'appy I am ven I catch a glimpse of you as I pass beneath yonr vindow. "(Beatrix same busi nesses Dorothy.) Pardon me for stopping to gaze at you, hut I can no longere conceal my love, my deep enduring love. (Marion s&me; business as Beatrix.) Ah! 'ow 'appy you oould make me if on Vednoaday night at ze College play you vould 'old a 'undker- cliief to your lips, zo zat I may know zat my holdnoss is forgiven. (Hester same business as Marion, but puts on glaBscs to read.) If you do not grant my request you may' rcgrette ze consequences, for I cannot live — But onough of dark toughts. Yours, vit undying lovo, " Edmund Lovkrikq." As Jeannette finishes reading, all rise and look at each other. All (vigorously) : It's shameful. Marion : Tito wretch I ' Adeline : Tho flirt 1 Hester : Tho Don Juan 1 Beatrix : Oh, it's outrageous 1 Dorothy : Well, he sold me completely. Joannette (surprised) : Yat is ze matterc? Vat is it? Yat 'ave you all? Adelino (speaking very fast) : My dear, I received exactly the same letter from that — that perfidious mouBtor, only I was to wear a rose in my bosom. Beatrix : I was to drop my programme. Hester : And I was to take off my glove and wave it at tho fall of the curtain. Marion : Oh, dear 1 I was to fan myself when the curtain fell on tho second act." Dorothy: And I was to eat three pieces of candy in quick succession during tho first act. Jcannette (overcome) : Mais, I cannot believe it ; zere is some mistake. Lot mc zee your letters. (All hold out letters while Jeannette compares handwriting ; finally she shakes her head and throws up her hands.) Ah ! mon Diou 1 and I'ad faith in 'itn. Draws handkerchief and weeps. Marion (shaking letter at arm's length, languidly) : It's simply horrid. Dorothy (banging hand on table and breaking in) : I'll get oven — Hester: I thirst for revenge, Adelino : Oh, tho villain ! Sighs. Beatrix : The trickster 1 Marion: What double-faced croatures men are 1 Dorothy : Yos, I'il get even if it takes all my spars brains to do it. Jeannotto (putting handkerchief in her pocket) : Oni, out ; vo vill venger ourselves. (Hysterically.) And now, now! Ah, le vaurien 1 Dorothy : Come, let's think how we can tquaro ourselves with him. We can't let a .practical joker like that get ahead of us. All : No, no; indeed ! 1'auso while all think. Hester jumps up. Hester (pompously): Hold, mv wronged sisters ; permit me to lay the following pro position before you. Let us writo this miscreant a letter signed by all of ti9, and enclose all our names. What do you say ? Marion (indolently): Yes, that will be good. Adeline : True, this trifling with e maiden's heart must be stopped. Sighs. Jcannette (tearfully) : Oui, yo must make 'im suffere. Beatrix : I should like to see him thrashed. Adeline (sadly) : And I would havo gone with him into tho wide world , lovo in a cottago 1 Ugh ! it makos mo shiver. Sighs. Dorothy (gets paper, pen and ink off table and places them before Hester): Notv hurry. You do tho writing, Hester, and if yoa need any help in spelling, ask me. Hostcr puts on glasses, and drawing her self up, gives Dorothy a severe look, while others read their letters once more. Heater: Orthography was never any tronble to me, thank you. Will this do ? Writes. "To Edmuud Lovering, Esq. — Dear Sir, — We, the undersigned, do hasten to aokoowledgo tho receipt of yonr letters, and beg to state that they; have afforded us much amusement. Their style is perhaps a little florid, but the penmanship is good, and tho idea is quite original. Believe us always, "Your obedient servants." Hore, come and sign. Adelino (steps forward and signs) : I am glad he will never know my feelings. " Adeline von Lindau." Sighs. Marion (comes forward and signs) : If he wore down south, I guess pa wonld fix him. "Marion Lee." Beatrix (comes to table and signs) : I'm glad none of my New Yotk frionda know of this. " Beatrix van Kortlandt." Jeannette (goes to table and signs) : Ah, 'e is not an honnote homme. " Jeannette Durand." Dorothy (indignantly as she signs): He came near getting me into a protty pickle. "Dorothy Greon." Hester: He is a venomouB reptile. "Hester Beacon." Dorothy : We must put in a postscript, or he won't believe we girls wrote it. Hoster: Well, you write that. Dorothy (writes, standing) : "P.S.— Wo return letters in case you should like tkera for future use." (Puts all the letters in envelope, and seals it.) Now how shall wo get it to him ? Jeannette (looking at clock). 'E passes my 'ouse about zis time every day on 'is vay back to ze college, All rush to window and' look tip street, and then down. All : There he is 1 Beatrix, Adeline, Marion, Jeannette and Hester: Throw it to him, Dorothy. Dorothy gives slight cough and tosses lettor out of the window ; then all bob quickly aside, laughing. Quick Curtain. 