REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. X. By DANIEL MERINGTON. From the charge of cowardice (perhaps undeserved), which I have mentioned, Thatcher vindicated himself at a later date and in a most amusing manner, verifying my impression that his timidity was due to ignorance of his own physical resources and over-estimation of the prowess of his opponent; a common failing with men who have never fought in boyhood with clenched fists, and know nothing of boxing science. When Jemmy Shannon started the first glove instruction on Sandhurst, Thatcher took private lessons from him, gaining his tutor’s warm approval and realising his own capabilities; keeping dark, however, and laying low. Somewhat later, Abbot opened the Lyceum Theatre with the inimitable as his trump card. A scandalum magnatum, involv- ing a bank manager and a fair hostess was, delicately veiled, the bases of the melodist’s opening. It met tremendous success and was encored nightly. Boniface heard of it and rushed into town breathing vengeance and flourishing a horsewhip. Bard and Bung mot in the Lyceum bar, the latter threatening condign chastisement if the song was sung again. Mildly and with all his old humility did the minstrel protest that no covert allusion, was intended affecting Mrs. Bung, His singing was his livelihood, he must please the public or lose his billet, and in- deed, quite another party was alluded to. Impotent evasion. “Sing that song, again, sir, and I’ll flog the soul out of your carcase!” The rencontre was reported everywhere. At night the theatre was crowded to suffocation. Angus Mackay and, I barely managed to squeeze in at the back. “He’ll never dare to sing it, Merington ; look at the little fireeater with his whip, in the front row.” The audience barely suffered, the overture, before the conclusion roaring for Thatcher. He came, and started “Bullock Creek.” “Give us the Banker.” Again he struck up. No use; same invocation. “Gentlemen, I’m to be thrashed If I sing that song.” “Not you.” “Serve you right.” “Risk it, Thatcher.” With a shrug and a sigh he turned to the pianist; “A Banker once-—” With a bound, Bung was on the stage; the next moment a shoulder hit from the singer landed him, over the footlights, into the row behind that which he had just quitted. We were astounded : a ringing cheer broke out from the entire house. Thenceforward the slogging songster had to brook little insolence on Bendigo; he was worth letting alone. As a man. I did not cotten to the subject of my sketch. As an artist, sui generis, I hold him ns of high excellence. I know not whether Thatcher’s songs be out of print, but I find, on enquiry among the present generation of Bendigonians, that the once famous topicalist is to them “A Comic singer father used to talk about; com- posed the ‘Bullock Creek Bchottisobo,’ with words to it, didn’t he ?” This is a pity; his muse, humble, handmaiden of the Parnassian nine, deserves at least a niche in the temple of local fame. Thatcher was tho one-horse Juvenal of our early Rome, and his good humored satires, though divested of their old tinrn pungency and ready application are admirably illustrative of mon and manners of his period describing the hurry-sourry of a sudden cull of tho gallant flairio-qaenohing band (originated, I think, by Burrowcs, Hay cock, Sullivan—undoubtedly an ' importation from tho land of Stars and Stripes), ho tells how: “ Crawford the Scotchman, with ouly one boot on, Who limpod, for bis foot was cut by the sharp stones; Marks, in his shirt-sleeves and minus h!s braces Rush forth, at the call of fchoir boss, A. J. Jones.” Lais and Asposia were not unscourgcd at his bonds: “What are yon crying for Constance? You’ve been and annoyed poor John Harney ; But you dpri’t gammon me with yonr blarney.” Addressed by tho stern beak to frailty which pleaded: “ Bat your worship, I’m going away,” was a delicious parody of the Irish ballad which Dr. Augustine Roche had made his own, and hit immensely. Simons, (W.V. who, as mayor, opened the town hall with . that gorgeous fancy dress ball at which lie and I alone were exceptions to plain evening cos tume), the “White Hills baker,” was play fully pelted with the poet’s ink. Of »n early, contested municipal election, in imaginary colloquy; “ —-The next is Burnside. A highly respectable old fogey, he replied Of Cahill, who hod beaten the youthful John Mclntyre in a previous contest; “ He’s a blathering and blowing old blacksmith, says be, And you want-more young bicod in your Mu-nici-pal-itee ” In each instance, these caricatures wero life portraits But not to tho “Inimitable” alone,- wore tho attraction of the Shamrock Hall confined. Rare and choice in its momu'was tho musical banquet nightly set before us by tho go ahead Irish-Amcrican partners whoso sturdy, toilsome antecedents would have littlo justified anticipation of the daring-, and successful J'udicious entrepreneurs they became. Miss Trie, pleasant balladist; Lehman, Farquhar son, Gregg, basso profundo, baritone, and buffo - ; Salamon, pianist; Madamoisollo Thoroso, premicro danscuso; her husband, whoso name escapes mo, violinist—these might almost bo called on staff. Then we had flying visits from vocal and instrumental artistes of highest calibre; Anna Bishop, sweetest of home-song warblers; Sara Flowcr, whose perfect soprano would have secured engagement in highest Covont Garden or Continental opera, had she not elected "years before, to migrate for Australia; Octavia “Hamilton” (fair minion of tho “Moon”); Pouseard, tho frenzied fiddler, whoso stage eccentricities wore painful, nil these and many more. And this bountiful feast of music and song was spread before us—free! Wo might pay for such liquid or nicotian re freshment as wo ohoso to order, but tho Aesthetic entertainment filling our souls with., harmony, lifting us from tho sordid cares of evory-day life; now convulsing us - with mirth, anon molting us well nigh to tears was gifted us by two “accursed publicans, foul instruments of a filthy traffic; unfit to vote, to legislate, or oven to associate,” with sisters of tho teapot (bless their well meaning hearts 1) and brotbors of the pomp 1 Visitors from tho metropolis, anticipating after the day’s business or sight seeing, no better evening’s amusement than 100, whist or billiards, Hi a third rate pub, “Can’t ex pect anything else in those little op country townships, you know," were astounded, to find such munificent .provision o£ delectation and amusement given in an hotel oven then, in its infancy, rivalling their own Hockin’s or Criterion. “How over can those-men manage it ?” they would ask. “Bar Coppin’s- ' Iron Pot,’ and that only , at intervals, wo have nothing like it down in Melbourne. Half or a third of their artistic force would 'swamp the best music hail that wo can show.” The few snatches of conversation I can now obtain with the care-engrossed veteran, Mr. John Crowley (baldly replacing many" pleasant hours, after midnight chimes, in the old Shamrock) waken up in us both reminiscences of brave old times, wo -ne’er may see again. It seems hard to associate him, even per fuctorily, with any other house than the mar vellous old “Sham.” Wo speak of bis onco partner, tho active-brained, enterprising, ever reaching, “Billy” Hoffcnmn, now. at rest -in Maori land. In tho basement of Mr. 'Levy’s tenement now occupied (Oh! sacrilege) by a tobaccqnist; in the adjacent ground floors once echoing with music and applause; in the cellarage below whence there emerged the boom and rumble of American bowls ; when all is hushed in smallest morning hours, when tho pale face of the hushed Post Office clock alone look- on—do no phantoms arise, no ghosts walk ? Surely the dim shade of the over restless; newly returned from inspection of the Albion, tho Lycodm and Gods wots how many more subsidiary interests moVos furtively along each corridor, with nervous, lean - 'right hand 'rubbing tho dexter jaw. Surely the manes of tho three prize barmen, Mick Meagher, Ned Ryan .and Tom Harris, ’ warranted to fight, jump or run any trio in tho district—behind the bar, civility, celerity and dexterity personified; in its front, tbe terrors of brawler and bummer—surely, otter chucking out a score of tho -Back Creek push, they vault backwards, over tho counter, and, minister deftly to tho phantasma of -a thousand habitues whoso mortalities once thronged that busy, bustling resort. Ugh! tho ploco is haunted. Van Damme, whose airy and facilo pen onco suggested poesy * and imagination must, of late years, have become prosaic, indeed, to bide unmoved, amid such surroundings 1 Tho dining-room of tho famous hotel, after the cloth had been removed, in post prandial, anto-coenal hours was often the scone of symposia at which tho wittiest and most brilliant among us assisted. Havorflold. Andrews, Dr. Stuart, and others . of equal calibre made conversation to which it was a charm to listen. Standish, Raholacsian in anecdote, orotio in song, evoked roars from tho laiitudinarian and reluctant, semi-protest ing evidence of amusement from tho more rigid of his audience Roche tonored an Irish ballad; Townsend warbled “Merrily rolls tho Mill Lewis McPherson, songster, .raconteur and humorist in every fibre, occupied.the chair: nem, eon, ‘The attribu tive “gonial” has -boon Mark Trained and Artemus Worded into such degradation of its original' acceptation—so bedraggled in the mrid of mirth—that r almost /carte apply It to this long.deceased gentleman whom I was proud to call friend. And yet in its unper vorted sense of -kindly bonhouimio, of protec tive encouragement to younger members, and patient toleration of the long-winded 1 or inopot no word occurs to mo so amply filling the bill. He introduced among us two games which now seem obsolete, but were then of absorbing interest for an hour or two each evening. The first was “Thumbs Up” and simply needled, for olmnoe of winning the pool staked, close attention to the ordoi-s and non-observance of.tho acts of our president. The second-was “Buzz” in its treble com plication of “fizz” for 5 “Bob” for ten and the title—name for 7—in all multiplications or combinations of those numbers. Forming a circle of, say 30 players, pooling, half n Crown each, with power to “star” thrice, wo called our numbers in rotation, fizzing, buzzing or bobbing at the magic figures and f'radually dropping out, discomfited, till the ost man lifted a tumbler—full of silver as his reward The exorcise was far from childish. After the muffs bad all fallen out early in the second century, the more advanced starred and retired ere the fourth hundred was reached our half dozen “ringers” would close in and a most exciting contest ensue. Marita, Andrews, Martin, Fill, and •other “memory mon” running well towards the thousand. Marks was tho most frequent winner, seldom unplaced; ho was said to keep a tabulated form up to 1000 at his bed foot, ohd to run through tho figures each morning before rising. Mention of the municipal contest—Cahill v. Mclntyre—which was an early trial of 1 strength between the Presbyterian and Roman Catholic parties reminds mo of an incident in which Mi*. W. G. Blackham figured conspicu ously to my advantage. To win a foolish hot I had for the young Scot in the Daniel O’Connell, in High street, a Cahill house full of'his supporters. In an instant I was floored and a dozen pairs of highlows (ranging, as near as I could judge, from hrpad Tl’s to long 19’s), had started to spill tho sawdust of my pincushion when tho fallant “Courier” man came to my rescue, can sec him now, astride above me, giving and taking right and left, his face bruised ana bleeding and those terrible “Mauleys” of his dealing destruction around. Ho .kept my foes at bay while the landlord drew my fragments under the counter-flap, and then retired—still facing' tho enemy—to Ted Barrows, View Point hotel, whore condign punishment over took his rash pursuers, at his hands and with friends at his. back. I was then a total stranger to my preserver and was unable to identify and tharik him for some time after wards. In his office, when we recalled this incident, some days since, ho looked, I was happy to find able to repeat tho performance upon any survivors of that little ruction. Thank goodness; all tho heroes, good mon and true, stout of heart, and “tall of their hands” have not passed away ! i. (TO BK CONTINUER ) 