DR. ENDICOTT'S EXPERT MENT. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. ' CHAPTER vi.— (Continued.) At miclnight be roused himself from the study of the notes. He went softly to his (bedroom, and took from ills box a suit of clothes which he had brought with him from London — rough, ill-made tweed clothes, with a dark ulster over all, ana a-soft felt hat which could be bent down Into any shape above his face. He looked at himself in a mirror, frowned, and in voluntarily shook his head. The pale, clear- cut.- features that loomed forth from the surrounding shadows were far too marked .to escape rccgnition should he be met that night even by a casual acquaintance. YYith an expression of mingled disgust and im patience, he took out of the box a false beard, dark and bushy, which, when affixed, completely changed his appearance. It would not be very easy to recognise Stephen Endicott, the London doctor, in that guise. ' At the' last moment he turned back and took his watch and chain from the table where it had been lying. "It will be as well to know how the time goes," he said to himself, as he thrust it into an inner pocket, concealing the heavy seal that bung from the. chain within his waistcoat. "And now lot ine see whether Dale is ready. I wish I could have employed any one else." And it was with a dark foreboding of evil upon him that he 'slunk, noiselessly as any burglar, down to the locked door of the laboratory. The long bare room was faintly lighted by a solitary candle, and Dale was busy at a table. He looked up, uttered a faint cry, and threw himself into an. awkward attitude of defence. He. had not recognised hls-'thaster. Endicott laughed slightly. "You fool, he said. "Don't you know mo? Then I am safe indeed." „ "Oh, I beg pardon," said Dale, letting his hands sink to his sides. "I had no idea —if I'd "thought, of it I would have done something of the sort," lie added, looking envloilsly at the false heard, the felt hat, and tho shabby, all- concealing ulster. I never thought of a disguise." "It does not matter to you. said tho doctor carelessly." You are not responsible, I am. You are merely acting under my orders. Come, there is no time to waste, let us get to work." Martin sullenly obeyed. There were various implements to he collected; tools, a sack, a dark lantern — amongst others. These were divided between the two men, and then the candle was extinguished, the garden door opened, and ttie ill-assorted pair found themselves In the garden, with the cold night-air throwing a dash of rain Into thctr faces. "A good night for our project.," was the thought of both men, but neither spoke. It was extremely dark, and a .wild wind was soughing amongst the branches of the trees, while a few raindrops fell now and then from an angry sky. It was certainty not a night 011 which many persons were likely to. he abroad. The inhabitants of Fenby kept early hours; and the lane that led past the churchyard was not frequented after dark. Dr. Endicott led the way down the drive; then he turned aside to a little wicket gate which opened into tills very lane, and there he stopped short for a moment' to listen and to look. It was a good spot for such observation; It com manded ill the dav-tlme a good view of the village In the valley, and a glimpse of the Hall upon the hill. There was nothing to excite remark. Not. a light, could be seen, either in the village or from! tho windows of the Hall. The moan of the wind, the creaking of the branches, the rustle of the long grass and the bracken, were the only sounds that broke the stillness of the night. After listening intently for a minute or two, Dr. Endicott 'turned abruptly to the left, and led the way up the lane to the churchyard gate, Martin following close behind. The night was so dark, that even the greyish white church tower glimmered but faintly through the blackness. The tomb stones stood up like dimly-outlined ghosts. Martin Dale, with a sudden .superstitious thrill, wondered how the doctor could dare to go so boldly upon his unholy errand; and wondered still more at the swiftness and sureness with which he made his way to the freshly-made grave still heaped with flowers laid there that afternoon by loving hands. It was plain that Dr. Endicott was not going to allow himself any sentiment. 011 the subject.' ' He did not pause a moment. lie- began by removing the wreaths, one by one, and laving them aside. They would be wanted later 011. Then, with a word or two of direction to Martin, lie began to dig up the earth, which was still loose and moist above Lilian's Crawford's collin. In this task lie was assisted by the younger man, and when they had worked for some time, they ventured to light the lantern, and turn it upon their toil. Neither of them spoke. The work was hard, and also, of necessity, very slew. Cold though the night had seemed, the beads of perspira tion rolled down the faces of the diggers long before their task was achieved. Rut then they worked with a will, only pausing from time to time to he sure that no foot steps could be heard, that no watcher was drawing nigh. At last the won; was done — or almost done. The earth was all removed; tho coffin was laid hare. And then, skilfully and gently. Stephen Endicott applied his tools to the lid: the screws were easy enough to manage, and the lid was not difficult to raise. Ho had just caught a glimpse i f the white form which lie was about to raise from its resting place, when a strange sudden sound fell upon his ears. There was a stilled cry from Martin Dale, and the sound of lushing feet. Endicott leaped out of the grave in which he had been standing, and found himself almost in the arms of a formidable adversary. "Who are you that come to rob my wife's grave'.'" said a hoarse, furious voice. And for one moment Stephen Endicott felt a thrill of positive fear. For tho voice was tho voice ol' Marry Crawford, and he knew that this struggle wuiild be for life or death. 