LITERATURE. THE STORY Of A DHM8ND NECKLACE. Vienna jewellers, according to the correspondent of a London paper, are losing their repntation for caution. A well-dressed young gentleman lately entered the shop of Mr. X., introduced himself as Count 0., and expressed his wish to see the head of the firm for the purpose, he said, of ordering a diamond necklace. Mr. X. very soon came down, his face one vast smile, and, in words " sweet as honey from his lips distilled," signified his readiness to do the will of his distinguished visitor. " I want a diamond necklace," was the reply; " but the very best you have." " We have none but the best, count; but, as tastes differ, you shall see all we have here now and can choose the one that pleases you most." The count examined the necklaces, stone for stone, then stepped back a few paces and viewed each one apart; and, after a long hour's inspection, said:—These three strike my fancy with equal force, but I only require one. I cannot choose between them. I will certainly take one of them, but I think I must leave the choice to the lady herself. Iler name is no doubt familiar to your ears—Miss W. and he mentioned the name of one of the best opera singers in Austria and in Central Europe. Familiar !" replied the head of the firm ; " I should think it was! She is one of our very best customers." " Well, I want you to send these three necklaces to the lady, and I will look in here to-morrow and pay the bill. She will have made her choice by that time." Herr A. pondered a few moments over the whole transaction before carrying out the instructions. Everything, however, seemed in perfect order. The young man belonged to one of the very best and richest families in the monarchy—provided, of coursp, that the name he had given really belonged to him. Nobody knew the members of the family by bight; but then their palace was not far off, and—but no, there was no need sending over to make enquiries, and there might be some inconvenience, as the young man might possibly like to keep the transaction to himself. The jeweller waited upon Fraulein W., who though unacquainted with the donor, whom she had only vagnely heard of as patron of the opera, was not amazed at a generosity which she had experienced in one form or another from other strangers. Besides the count had told the jeweller that he wonli be present when the lady made her choice. Accordingly the jeweller invited a careful inspection of the three necklaces, pointed out the beauties of each, and laid special stress on the beBt of the three, which, of course, was the most expensire of the lot. Half an hour passed in this way, but the young count failed to put In an appearance. " What do you intend to dot" aBked Fraulein W. at length. " Well, I suppose it is useless to wait any longer. I confide the three necklaces to your safe keeping, Fraulein ; I know they will be as well looked after here as at our shop. And, when Cound O. does call, and you have selected one of them, he will come to us and settle up." Herr X. had not left the saloon a quarter of an hour when the young man who called himself Count 0. rushed breathless into the room and vehemently demanded the three diamond necklaces. " The jeweller, Herr, X.." he said, " has sent me this moment to say that they were left here by mistake—a mistake which he deeply regrets and apologises for." In reply to the lady's questions he further explained that the count's instructions had been misunderstood. He wanted the necklace for Miss B., who lived in the same house as Miss W., only one story higher, and a mistake had been made in the names. The lady was not in the least surprised. " So tbis is the solution of the mystery. Yes ; I was thinking myself tbat there must be some mistake, else the count would have called here long ago." And she handed him the precious parcel. Next morning the jeweller called, 3nd opened the conversation with the poser—" Well, Fraulein, I hope you have followed my advice, and chosen the necklace I recommended ? It is for the best of the three,]and as for the stones, I can assure you tbat Princess P., when she eaw them a few weeks ago- " " Bat you seem to be in a very jocular mood this morning, Herr X. I don't quite see, though, where the j >ke comes in. Ton know as well as I do that the necklace was for Fraulein B. upstairs, and your shopman took it to her last night." " What, ID Heaven's name, do you mean I Where are py dUmood w&l;&ees; V' wA Bert *as as pale as a ghost as he asked the question. Suddenly, turning to the diva, he said—"Fraulein, will you kindly accom pany me at once to the shop ? I want you to tell the story that you have just narratad to tho police, and to put them on the track of the scoundrel at once. It may yet be possible to recover the property; but we must be very quick," Miss W. ungraciously signified her assent, and the pair hurried off to the shop with feelings too stormy for words. Herr X. opened the door, which set a number of electric bells ringing, and, to his utter stupefaction, beheld tho "swindler" standing at the counter with some necklace displayed be* fore him. The jeweller pounced upon him as a tiger upon its prey, but the young man smilingly pointed to the precious stones and said : " There are your necklaces. Now listen—" " You, sir, are a—!" Now, do be calm, pleaee, and let me finish what I have to say; then you may talk as much as you like." " Count 0.!" That's me; and I have come to compensate you fur the little joke I perpetrated. , The fact is, I made a bet with Count S. that I would go to the best firm of jewellers in Vienna and deprive them of the poBseBsionof a lot of jewellery for at least one night—of coureu solely for the purpose of winning th9 wager. I have now scored a brilliant success and won the stakes. It only remains for me to express my profound thanks to Fraulein W., who so ably, if involuntarily, seconded my efforts." And the count selected, not indeed a diamond necklace, but a magnificent bracelet, and requested Fraulein W. to honor him by wearing it as a souvenir of the curious incident in which she bai played such a prominent part. The jeweller, relieved on recovering his diamonds, was perfectly pacified by the sale of the costly bracelet ani the promise of the count's future custom. The young man himself, in addition to his satisfaction at having won the extraordinary bet, had reason to congratulate himself on the fortunate circumstance that the police did not get wind of his doings until they were known to be a mere practical joke. 