[?] By The Flanettb. ' Superstition dies hard,' said tho Poor Pcholar aa the Club ttFsetnblod ; 'in fact I very much doubt; if it will ever die at all. The recent meeting of the. Thirteen Club in London brought out the superstitions of many prominent men aad women, and iE every one told the honest truth the world would be found to bo as full of superstition to-day as it ever was since ib was created. To begin with, the Queoa is very superstitious, and believes in a score of old siirns and warnings. When the Prince and Princess of Wol»s wero married the old lady'a greatest concern was about the polting of an old boot after the bridal cirnnge. Parnelt's nature was dreadfully fuperstitiou'a, and he fully believed in colour?, luolcy dayp, and ih thousand other things familiar to ovory old woman iu Ire land. Explorer Stanley is about as bad. Nnpoleon waa a great believer in omens, and Viscount Woleeley declined the Thirteen Club's invitation to its annual dinner, on the ground that its objects were out of his plane of sympathy, since he not only believed in, but positively hugged, a number of so-called superstitions. Oscar Wilde declined also, because he ' wished to still enjoy a few mild superstitions.' I do no*; believe there ia a man or woman alive to-day who does nofe possess some little weakness oi: the kind,' ?' Thrue for you,' exclaimed Ho3t Murty. 'It waB only this morniu' that Andy beyant there said ho thought ifc was unlucky to be knocked down and killed by e- hearse on Good Friday.' ' Vbere I gooms from,' said ' Schnoidei,' ' der vas a Red headed Men's Club. No man vhas admitted oonless his hair vhas der colour of brick-dusb, und dey hcic a statue over der door of a red-headed voman ridin' on a vhite horse. Der beoples call do olubdes? 'Fke-Prigade.'' ' It is Btranga what peculiar antipathies some perBons have,' continued the Poor Scholar. *? The Duke o£ Wellington was brave enough, yet ho always got a kind of vertigo iE a mouse came iato the srooir where ho was. Lord Roberts almost faints if a £-pider touches him, and Gouoril Gordon, a uiau who nover knew what fear was, turned bock from a diplomatic conference because ha eucountei'vjdfeflo black crowa on his way thither. 1 'viil. ryfiaia from quoting I Hamlet' i3 reumrk to Iloratio ounce .mag tho acantinesa oO our philosophy, but hero is a par I from a Melbourne paper which Bays — HI Since the execution of Mis. Kaorr, the sheriff has received many letters aoking for pieces 0? the rope with which the wretched woman was hanged. The peoplo who nsk gene rally say that ifc ia considered lucky to possess such c, souvenir.' ' Such jp9Fcona should certainly gefc a rope— ? across their bare backs. And yet, now the.'' I think of ir, Byron used to drink oub o£ a skull, end Sara JBernbardfc occasionally Bleeps ia a cjffia. ' ThG paople aboub my parts oE the old country are 'wonderfully conservative,' remarked Killar ney, ' and they hang on to ancient customs like a shoo on a dead horsa. Shrovetide, foe instance, still has its strange rite mysteriously connected with the Skelligkock, as Archdeacon Wynne baa pleasantly poiuted oufc. Young men parade the roads calling out the names 0? girls who, as the boya suppose, ought to have been married ' come Shrove/ and threatening to duck them in the aver for fcheir indifference on tho subject of wedlock. St. John's eve still sees the bsire legged boys psanciag found pestering tourists foe o ha'penny torsb th° bonefire f and fcbn same gossoons thrust the corpse oi a v/ron into your face on St. Stephen's Diy as they pipe out ' Th' wmn, the wran, th' King o£ all birds, Eeuiombes the wmn, sir.3 And, e their troubles' about the 5 v/ran' as long rs you EemombeB them with a coppeE of two.' ' Good mannorSj the maanerB o2 Nature's geatleraeQ, will aevar dia out amongst the Irish. peasantry,' aaid The Poor Scholae. ' The Kenrxz maa, ?or instance, still behaves Jjimaalf! civilly enough to the ' good people ' o£ the feiiry world. 0 God ppeed ye, gentlemen !' be will Gay as he 3oEs his hat to an eddy oic dust ou the iroad ia & March wind, and then he apologefcioiilly adds : ( Good miaaeirs are no burden.' The Kerry cooka will leave che fcoble laid, and the dishea of colcannon upon ib for the fairies on All Hallow Eve, vjlule the mcida will not go to bed at night without leaving a jug of water in the room for the same ^ood people to quvnch their thirst at. 8 Bad luck,' the fairies' curse, is by the gold aafcurei peaaant afc once invoked and deprecated in the oil style: 'Bd luck £0 yo, and crasa it ora1; ogin,' The Blarnoy-sfcone is as popular as avoPj although its reputation got a bad shock when come one started! the yarn that it was merely a thin most mado to represent c stono and the mouth of a Cork ' Jcckeen ' Vv'ae coQcecled just below fche kissing poefcion of it.' 'Some one spoke of Irish tourists jusfc now,' said I, ' and ifc recalled a capital description given o£ a cea-fcaiu Major and a Pcesatn&u;'s rambles round the Giant's Causeway. Tt?o old dowagers had stalls oa the road, and were smoking and peddling a few miserable little ccabs and ? some piles o£ shrivelled apples. ' Arrah,' shouted the firot duchess a^ fche touciatB appcoached, ' th' gintilman sbuaokes a eegar an' th' owld woman shmokes a poipp, so goes th' wurruld around.' ? And it's th' Eoino gintilmau ho ia too,3 chipped in fche second lady. ° I3bure it's the loikes av him that wouldn't see an owld vromin ahtnigfglin' for th' bread thab kapes her body an3 sowl together, when buyin' c, noice foine apple would help her along.' ' Two pucty gintilmin ioike thim,' added dowager- No 1, with considerable feeling, 'have monoy for a good purpis.' And then warming up to the subject of buain '-i, she held aloft a poor shrunken little crab b) t. \ j left leg and enthusi astically shoutad— ?' 1/uk here ; ahure a foiner crab than this, m^n, niver walked the blissed say.' ' ' And th' ehapeness av it, too,* chimed in the apple lady sympathetically. sShure nayther av thim giEtilmin is wantin' in the knowledge av a good arfciole. Twirril th' fish round, Missia Minyogae, till th' gintilmin sees th' illigant belly on it.' ' MuBha whist now,' returned the other ; ' f why a bat at beoad noonday corald see their intelligence, an' how they seo mia r-v th' wornild, an' shcholars hoigh av degree.' ' ? By my sou), ladies/ responded the Mayor, ' you havq quite overcome my friend and myself by the ease and elegance of youc speech 5 aud aa for the freshness and vivacity of your pesraoQB sure the wares on yotsi* stalls bear eloquent witness 5 £oe tho apples have shrivelled up in envy of youp cheeks, and the crab has gone madly bilious over your suppleness. And I can aay in full confidence that it isn't aa Ulsfcor crab that is easily knocked oufc either.' This beautiful and wholly unexpected tribute to their charms fairly doubled the old dowagers in two, and before they could rally the tourists had fcossed them a chilling each and hurried awDy £pom the shower oil blessings that weve soon hurled cites their £.'0 treafcing forms.' ' Coming back to superstitions and tho likes hero is a ' croepy' but true Jifctlo story for you,' said Kiilarney. ' The churchyard of the village of Tinahuly, couaty Wicklow, ia said to ba haunted by the spirit ol1 a murdered map, who was buried there early m this centary. One morning, iu fche winter of '79, a grand old pino treo which had grown for years beside the ' ghost's grave' waa gouad upeooted by the storm o£ the praceding night, and lying partly across the tombstone. Here was a splendid chance o£ obtaining fuel for nothing, but tho pooe people around wouldn't touch it ; they only shook their heacta and looked oolemn when the affair wbs mentionedl, and nslsed in low cautious tones, ' Why -jrb that teee, of all others, blown dov?n P' 'After a couple of days, however, two brofchera who were braver, or perhaps ccldei? th&a; their neighbours, were foolhardy enough to chop a load o£ e Oriag' feom the branches 0' the fallen giint. Neat morning when they returned for more th-y went back a deal 'eater than they came, for the tree wag (standing tapuighfc again S Twenty men could not have lifted ifc, aad yet that teee is standing still, living and thriving —I saw ib with my own eyes.' ' The saints preserve ud !' exclaimed Andy reverently. 'Now I'd Ioike t' know who would dar to scoff at ghosta after that.' ' Ghosts be jiggered !' shouted a short, sharp, lean, nervous-lookin«j follow known aa ' The Scientist.' 'I'll undertaketoeaball the ghosts raw that you can bring before me. All these things can be explained on natural grounds. I have heard of that tree before, and I believe that when it was blown down, the huge mass of clay which came ap attached to the roots was poised over fche bole then formed. The brofchoirs when they came along with their axes lightened fche other end of the trunk so mach as to leave the whole offoir almost in c state o£ perfect equilibdum, Then the following night, the wind, which hod vee^eal round, gave the teeetop just the lifcfele Wa fchat was necessary to start ib 5 fche hecvily- weigiifcecl roots more than coonter poised fche branches, &nd; the ' ghost's-tree ' stood up once more aa the roots sfink donn into the hole from whence fcbey came.' ' There's sometlun'? in that, as the dingo said when he left hid tail iu the trap behind him,' observed the Droghede, Maa ; ' and it reminds me that tho gsreafc naturalist, Baron Cuvier, be loxe the cholera carried him off in '32, received a morning call from Old Nick, who was armed with the regulation tail, horns, and cloven hoofs. ' Morning, Nick !' said the Bacon, who was very busy dissecting a hyirosaums ox ' goanQB.' { Is this hob eaough for you ? What's fche trouble ?' ' ' GeaBe your flippancy/ replied the visitor sternly. ' I have come to devour you.' ' Pooh!' eir° claimed the scientist, 'yon couldn't; devorar me. Lock at your horns aad hoofe! You can'fc eat flesh. Tou'ra a ruminant animal— a strict vegetarian. Go and have a feed of grass=os? pony- raciag pnnfcers— =? they ought to be green enough for you.' c You forget/ said the devil,, with bia noted! fatal facility in twisting Scripture to suit his own evil purposes, ' you forget that ' all flesh is grass/51 ' and therefore he swallowed the Baron whole., And therein lay his sable majeoty's great misbDlse, for tho cute zoologist at once began to tickle hicn in the choicest pirb of his vasb inoide, and forced him to break his great rule for once and let bis victim go.' ' Dere vhas some diDgs aboudt dis talk tonight dot I c&n; scarcely pelievV remarked Schneider, rising ; ' so I go ma home and I say mit der Sout'-DeufGcher Catholic chaps — Ave Movie ! Braise G-ott all (root sbpirifcs py land und py sea !' ' Here's the beBht shpiiib of all!' ezolaimed Mnrty, as he held a bottle of mountain dew aloffc. ' Now, bhoye, let us ' lay' the shpirit for to-night.' 