EXTRAORDINARY STORY. About three years ago (says the 2-ubbo Despatch) Peter Stein, a hard-headed, practical, frugal German, sold property he possessed in the Wagga Wagga district;, and, with his family, came to Dubbo ia search of land. He and his son Jacob, a young man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the Coal bagftie. The selections are on the South Udlladoran run, and rather isolated. Jacobs selection is on the southern part of the run, and there was, when it was taken up, an old hub upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr and Mra Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, aud five younger children. ' ?^ \t..Hr;*-^^,'n' — T no^*''***^ ,,„ — tf:ifh'~0&^£mi\y*a young man named Daley came into the district;. He had been reared by the Stein3, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them and they to him. Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the erection of a commodious residence on his land, about three miles sway. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled down — the father and family in their new house, and Jacob at his hut, than they heard at night strange voices, loud cooeyings, and awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from' either belated travellers or homeward proceeding selectors, more merry than sensible, they took little notice of them. Tnese Bounds were only heard at intervals — a fortnight or three weeks interven ing between their occurrence. They, however, took place bo regularly— for they 'were at one time heard at Jacob Stein's, and again at the father's — that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night hideous with their noises, was given up. , About 18 months ago there ,were further develop ments, and, according to the family, strange manifestation?. The . furniture in Peter Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on one occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrs Stein was baking in ths kitchen one day, and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the floor. These things, or akin to them, have kept . on from then till now, but with the further developments that the person responsible — -whether spirit of Heaven or goblin. damned — has frequently interviewed, and has bad conversations with the several members of the family. Evidently the presence is not of the regular type, for it does not wait till the ' witch ing hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth,' but comeB along in broad daylight, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor has said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother, who was named Annie, and his sister, who was' called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run — that his father died in the Cootamundra Hospital eighteen years ago — that he (rhe speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead on the road— that he had been saved — and had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the elder Stein he rapliad that if he did those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According to thp Steins— and all, from the father to the youngest child, tell the same round unvarnished tale — the visitor some times speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as softly as a woman— indeed it would be difficult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming — although the Steins cannot see it— they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and orse particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kinds of pranks. It cast tomahawks ?;_./ and knives about with the grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. One night, while the family were engaged reciting the Eosary — they are Boman Catholics, and retain the simple de votional habit3 of the Ehineland — the table round which they knelt was suddenly lifted towards the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So an noying have been the manifestations that the young fellow who came from Wagga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, has also left, saying that if he were given the selection he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly ro.ysteriou3, but, however the sceptical ? ' ''may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant state3, the slightest doubfc that every one of the family tho roughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family, has the same story to tell. Mrs Stein, who is an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is as con vinced j*8 she ig of her existence that the place is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein',3 request, the Very Eev. Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he investigated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by aj| power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and, a searching enquiry should take place. 