WORK IN PARLIAMENT. FACTORY LEGISLATION. THE ADULT SUFFRAGE BILL. AN ABSOLUTE MAJORITY WANTED. THE CONCILIATION BILL. As soon as opportunity offered on Thurs- day, Mr. Warren craved the indulgence of the Council to enable him to make a personal ex- planation. He pointed out that according to The Advertiser Mr. Kirkpatrick had said on the previous day, "The party to which he be- longed took instructions from no one, and that was more than Mr. Warren could say, as he had seen him bring down written documents from a certain association and hand them round to his supporters." " Hear, hear," volunteered Mr. Kirkpatrick, "You told me so yourself." Mr. Warren said he had never brought down papers from any association except in the form of memorials. The only papers he had ever passed round to any member were simply notes when he wished to call attention to matters before the Council. "I deny that there is any truth in the state- ment,'' concluded Mr. Warren emphatically. "Well, my authority for the statement I made was Mr. Warren himself," said Mr. Kirkpatrick, who instanced the adjourn- ment of the debate on the Vermin Bill to enable that gentleman to consult the Pastoralists' Association. "Oh, that is a different thing," murmured Mr. Warren, and the matter was then allowed to drop. The Chief Secretary obtained leave to introduce a Bill to establish a standard of time in South Australia, and it was read a first time. Then the Factories Bill was again taken up. Each clause was most closely scrutinised by the opponents of the measure, and the whole of the afternoon was devoted to its consideration. There was a perfect flood of talk on the clause giving the inspector power to obtain a certificate as to the health or age of a young person engaged at a factory, and some members strenuously resisted the in- troduction of so "iniquitous" a provision. "There is, I believe," said Mr. McGregor, "a society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, to which I dare say several members of the Council belong. They would severely punish a man for working a horse with a sore back, yet when they are asked to protect helpless and unfortunate children they object." The opponents to the clause were highly indignant at such a con- struction being placed on their attitude. Even- tually the provision was redrafted and carried in an amended although not very different form. The other alterations were not extensive, the most important being the exercise of the clause providing that a workroom in which four persons were employed in the manufacture of wearing apparel should be regarded as a factory. The Council did not see why the number of employes in such a case should be reduced from six to four. The sitting was a comparatively short one, the adjournment taking place at half- past 5 o'clock. Despite the likelihood of a lively debate on the Adult Suffrage Bill in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon the galleries were very empty, the "ghosts of deceased jurymen" above the clock numbering exactly twelve when the Speaker took the chair. The only member of the softer sex then present was Mrs. Mary Lee, who sat alone — "a voice crying in the wilderness" —in the benches on the left of the chamber. The busi- ness began with the presentation of two peti- tions, the first being handed in by Mr. Scherk against the Brewers' Monopoly Bill, and the other by Mr. Gilbert from Savings Bank depositors against the State Advances Bill. Mr. Grainger objected that there is no Bill on the notice-paper with the title referred to in Mr. Scherk's petition, but the Speaker did not attach much importance to that technical quibble. Mr. Moule called attention to the fact that the Deputy- Surveyor-General is now at Fowler's Bay, and he obtained a promise that Mr. Smith shall be asked to examine the adjoining country in order to ascertain its fitness for agriculture. The Treasurer declined to give any particulars as to the agreement with the banks, but promised to lay the document on the table when it is complete. Mr. Holder informed the House, however, that there are unclaimed dividends on South Australian stock to the amount of £946 in the hands of Messrs. Glyn, Mills, & Co. Mr. Gilbert asked whether it was the intention of the Government to take a vote that day on the second reading of the Adult Suffrage Bill. Mr. Kingston answered in the negative, although he was anxious to so advance the de- bate as to be able to fix a definite date for the division. "Will you take a vote if the House directs it?" asked Mr. Griffiths, and the Premier affirmed that of course he would do as the House directs, but the Government would endeavor to direct members in the right direction. "You promised to take the division to-day, you know," said Mr. Short, but the Premier denied this statement. Mr. Lake is in Tasmania, and Mr. Hourigan has not been in the House for several days, so that it was difficult to whip up the absolute majority needed to past the Bill. To add to the complication Mr. Ash had incautiously agreed to pair with Mr. Homburg, who, though present during the day, declined to re- lease him from his obligation. So it happened that the Minister of Education had to induce members to fill up time till the adjournment, the opponents of the measure for the most part remaining stolidly silent. The Women's Suffrage Bill was called on at 2.10 p.m., and before the first speech was over half a dozen ladies had found their way into the Speaker's gallery. Mr. Brooker resumed the debate with the modest declaration that as each political Demosthenes has spoken he would not attempt flights of eloquence. He promised not to quote poetry, but he came perilously near it. "I have much love for women," he pro- claimed, and repeated the announcement several successive times, winning cheers on each occasion. "Well, you needn't dwell on it," remarked Mr. Solomon, and when the op- portunity came Mr. Brooker finished his sentence thus, "But I do not think they are better than men." He expressed surprise that a man so generally admired by the ladies as is Mr. Gilbert should be opposed to adult suffrage, and he thinks even the butterfly portion of the other sex are more likely to properly exercise the franchise than the dude whose brains are in his boots. He objects to Mr. Caldwell's statement that this is a matter of business. It is a question of humanity, he asserts, and he accuses Mr. Caldwell of sitting on a rail. Mr. Ash announced that he had un- thinkingly agreed to pair on the second read- ing of the Bill, and he appealed to the legis- lator who had enticed him into the snare to release him from his obligation. There was, no answering voice, however. Mr. MacLachlan thinks it will be best for the women to reject the Bill. Every man has a soft side, he re- marks, and it is a foolish woman who does not find it. The man rules the world and the woman rules the man as it is, and so the Bill is not needed, he thinks, besides which he fears adult franchise will interfere with home life. He expresses confidence, however, that his wife, his daughters, and himself will vote the same way when the privilege asked for is accorded. He proposes a progressive tax on bachelors, beginning at the age of 25 and in- creasing in heaviness with each decade. He married at 20. Mr. Hooper occupied four minutes in stating his opinion that it is an in- sult to women to say that they do not want the vote seeing that they have asked for it by petition. It is not fair to decide, either, that because all women do not desire the franchise none shall have it. All men, he points out, do not exercise the right of voting which they now possess. Mr. Bur- goyne referred to the flimsy reasoning of the opponents of the Bill. He also took occasion to recognise the help given by Mr. Caldwell in days when the agitation for women's fran- chise was less popular than it is now. He praised the speech of Mr. MacLachlan, but argued that a tax on bachelors would be an impost on misfortune. Captain Randell said many of his constituents had asked him to vote against the Bill, while others wished him to help its passage. As he cannot please all parties, however, he will stick to his hustings pledges and support the measure. The polling-booth will be more orderly when women can vote, he affirms, and much of the influence of beer will be lost. "Women," he declared, with earnest elo- quence, "are the best friends of man from his birth until he is laid out for the grave, and shall we allow them to do all the work and yet refuse them the right to vote. Such a course would be selfish, unmanly, and un- generous." It is the business of Parliament, when a reform is right and just, he thinks, to take the responsibility of leading public opinion. Mr. Archibald is always pleased to hear Mr. MacLachlan speak because of his sincerity, but he does not attach much weight to his fear that family fights will follow female franchise. He acknowledges, however, that in passing the Bill Parliament is taking a leap in the dark. Mr. Foster sympathised deeply with Mr. Ash, who had last year reasoned so magnificently in favor of the Bill, but who this year by a mistake is shut out from voting for it. He argued that women are much better educated politically now than men were when the suffrage was extended to them. Mr. McDonald tried to obtain an adjournment, but failed, and then Mr. Holder good-temperedly twitted the Opposition with their silence. "They have nothing to say," explained Mr. Foster, but Mr. Solomon answered—"We are wait- ing for something logical to reply to." Mr. H. E. Downer playfully sug- gested that the Treasurer was stonewalling the Bill, and Mr. Holder replied that he did not wonder that the mention of Mr. Solomon's name should remind the House of stonewalls." " You can't blame me to-day," remarked Mr. Solomon, and there was a laugh, for the antagonists of the measure were trying to compel a division, as they knew the Govern- ment could not command the 28 votes needed. There was strength enough to obtain an ad- journment, however, and at 4.39 p.m., it being found impossible to carry the Bill that after- noon, Mr. McDonald secured the right to con- tinue the talk to-day. The Conciliation Bill was now reached in committee, and shortly afterwards the Hon. W. P. Reeves, Minister of Labor in the New Zealand Cabinet, entered the Speaker's gallery, where for the next hour he held a levee, being introduced to many legislators during his stay. The discussion began at the first clause of Part V., which deals with Boards of Concilia- tion. Mr. Hague moved to strike out the pro- vision for local boards of conciliation and to limit the administration to Private and State boards. A very long argument ensued, and at 5.56 p.m. a division was taken. Mr. Hague being beaten by 22 votes to 12. Talk was again created by clause 36 (local boards), and Mr. Ash reduced from " two-thirds* to "one-half " the propor- tion of employers and employes whose ap- proval of the board is required before it can be properly constituted. The term of this chairman was limited to two years with eligi- bility for re- election, while an appeal to the State Board was, by 22 votes to 13, allowed from the decision of the registrar as to the correctness of the electoral roll. This and the next clause were passed, and then members went to dinner. After dinner the first dispute arose in respect to clause 46, which provides that five members of a public board shall constitute a quorum. Mr. Handyside wished to make it necessary that two members of each side and the chairman should be present. Mr. King- ston pointed out that the representation of employers and employes would be equal, and that all members would have an opportunity to be present. The amendment, he warned the committee, might nullify the Bill, as the operation of the board could be stopped by two members on one side refraining from attending. That must be guarded against, agreed Sir John Downer, but he argued that an arbitration could not go on satis- factorily unless the arbitrators were present. Mr. Grainger wondered that so much time was being spent over such an utterly useless Bill, the passage of which was tantamount to the conferring of a leather medal on the Attorney- General for his many courtesies to different members of the House. Mr Kingston's answer was a quotation from the "Hansard" of 1890, in which Mr. Grainger was reported as speaking very highly of the Bill. There was a loud laugh, and Mr. Brooker interjected, "Oh, give him the medal.'' Mr. Grainger explained that in the year named there was an arrange- ment between Mr. Kingston and himself that they should help each other. Mr. Ash reminded the committee that even now if three members on either side decided to absent themselves from the meetings of the board they could block business. "Then we should make three a quorum," said Mr. Coneybeer. The amendment was ultimately defeated, and then there was a practically uninterrupted run to Part IX.— "Reports on industrial dis- putes." The first clause (65) caused a very protracted discussion. Mr. Ash tried to limit the power of reporting to disputes "between any organisations," but he was beaten by 28 votes to 11. The Attorney-General next moved to alter the investigating and reporting body from "a Public" to "The State" Board of Conciliation. This gave Mr. Grainger an opportunity of gratuitously protesting against the appointment of the Chief Justice as presi- dent of the State Board, as his Honor does not "possess the proper mind for such work." As proof of this Mr. Grainger urged that Mr. Way insists upon his dog travelling with him by train. He thinks it would be unwise, too, to appoint either Mr. Boucaut, Mr. Bundey, or Mr. Russell, and suggests the selection of Mr. Kingston himself. Many legisla- tors both in the Council and the Assembly, Mr. Grainger asserts, would be willing to pay a handsome salary in this case to Mr. Kingston so as to keep him from doing further harm in politics. "I have always thought," added Mr. Grain- ger" magnanimously, "that, with all his faults, the Premier might be useful in some capacity." Mr. Landseer looked with alarm at the risk of being dragged into court under the clause. He has hitherto kept perfectly clear of law, he says. More than an hour having slipped away the Premier's amend- ment was passed, and the clause went through by 26 votes to 9. There was a clear progress now to clause 78 (appearance before board) under which Mr. Ash desired to give persons the right, in certain cases, to appear by counsel. Mr. Kingston pleaded against the entrance of the legal fraternity into the Bill, and the amendment was beaten. Mr. Homburg caused to be excised the proviso permitting a person unable to attend to be represented by agent, Mr. Ash being defeated by 24 votes to 10. Mr. Ash sought to exempt Part IX. from the operation of the clause, but failed by 22 votes to 10. At clause 79 (proceedings of board not to be quashed) Mr. Hague moved for an appeal from any other board to the State Board, but he only had 13 votes on his side as against 19 against him. Mr. Ash again tried to shut out Part IX., but by 19 votes to 12 the committee were against him. In respect to clause 81 (publication of regulations) Mr. Kingston asked, so that the Act may be brought into immediate operation, that regu- lations made before February 1, 1895, should only be published in the Gazette, but agreed that all subsequent regulations should be laid before Parliament. Mr. Ash vigorously objected that so the Premier would have a prolonged saturnalia, and he called up ancient history to show that Henry VIII. was one given power to proclaim any regulations he pleased, all of which were to have the force of law. The Parliament now, he protested, were substituting Mr. Kingston for the King, and he doubted the wisdom of the change. He hopes the Premier directly the House rises will go to Hobart and stop there till after February 1. Mr. Kingston agreed to the insertion of a proviso directing that regulations should cease to operate if disapproved of by Parliament within 14 days of its next meeting, but Mr. Ash, still dissatisfied, wished to provide tha, none of them should be repugnant to the general spirit or intendment of the laws in force in the province. There were 20 votes to 11 against him. The rest of the Bill was rapidly acceded to, and Mr. Ash was defeated by 17 votes to 7 in an attempt to prevent the publication of reports under clause 9. The Bill was then reported, the consideration of the report being fixed for today. The House rose at 11.16 p.m. This afternoon the Conciliation Bill has the pride of place, and the third reading will be fixed for Tuesday. Then the Minister of Education will move the second reading of the State Children's Bill. Afterwards the suggestions of the Legislative Council as to the Taxation Bill are to be considered, and finally the Pastoral Bill is once more to be attacked. The resolution as to the Loan Bill is not to be submitted till Tuesday. 