P E I I S O N A X i I T I E S - Queen Victoria heard Eanst for the flrst time quite recently, having not been to the opera since 1862, the year previous to the production of Faust in London. M Cassimir-Perier, the new President of France, received from his father the <snug legacy of 40,000,000 francs and has since added largely to his fortune In her fifty-seventh year of power, Victoria has seen every throne in the world vacated at lea<t once, and some of'them several times.! Mme. Modjoska ha« been offered the direction of the National Theatre of Poland and may accept that position, whioh is one of great honor. . Tbe Infanta Eulelie is residing in London, where living is more economical. Her pension has been reduced and «he is attended only by a maid of honor, Of Richard Henry Stoddard it is said that he has read every important book printed in English for the past forty years, but he still prizes most highly the works of Hawthorne. The daughter of the late King of Sweden, is the giantess among the royal personages of Europe. Her highness amounts to considerable over six feet. The famous singer, Albani, has a very fine collection of autographs, which she keeps in • beautiful book, bound in pink morocco, embossed with gold. The first signature in the book i6 that of Queen Victoria. Rubin • stein and Verdi have" contributed their autographs. The world ba« not yet made up its mind about Napoleon III.; but it is certain that, as a Pretender, he was regarded as an imbecile, that tbe energy necessary to his grand adventure was imparted by others ; that he was a poor organiser (as witness tbe state of his army when the supreme hour came), and e that the reflection of eighteen years did not enable him to do what he most desired to do, devise some immense coup for the benefit of the masses of France. Lord Rosebery, the Premier- of Great Britain, maintains two dairy herds ou his home farm at Mentmore. One of the herds consists largely of Kerrycowb, whose milk is reserved for home consumption. Theother. head, of half-breed shorthorn cows, is kept to supply milk to Lord Rosebery's depot in. London. A constant supply of pure water from a well 200 feet deep is kept flowing in the cow-sheds and the milk is dispatched in sealed cans to London, where it is delivered to customers twice a day. Sandro Botticello was unique in an age where distinction was hereditary and in the blood. Idealism was spread deep and wide over Tuscan}-, but S:u:dro was the moat diligent idealist of them all: not content to dream, struggling also, in whatever company or set of notions he might be drifting, to clothe the fair things which all Florence inhaled—to exhale them again ciystalized in shapely bodies. Greece - dead and buried, dug up and set to flitting like a ghost in the brisk Tuscan land—Greece was the essence of Tuscan dreams; and for Sandro,*9Diil his light died down and grew grey with Savonarola, ' broken, hinted sights' of Greece sobered the Tuscan landscape, Venus lit to earth in a bay of the Mediterranean, and a staring, blue-eyed Judith (not Tuscan but Greek as he knew Greeks) sped over the hills of Fiesole. 