CHRISTMAS NUMBERS, in The series of Christmas numbers come I noticed last week by the receipt of the holiday issue of Pears' Annual, is continued by the incoming mail The Illustrated London News has, as a principal feature, three hue coloured plates , one, full size, is entitled " Little Bo Peep," and is a pretty picture of that mythological young lady with crook in hand, but her lost sheep nowhere, while two smaller ones repre I sent Ann Hathaway's cottage at Stratford I on Avon, a charming little rural view, and "When Guilty" a dead chicken and a I poodle, and a cat to divide the blame between them The book part is also profusely illustrated, though not in colours, the stories being " The Eye of Love," a comedy in one act, by Anthony Hope, " The Power of Music, a military story of the time when George was King, by Q and " Peter Piper," a revival in new dress of an old nursery rhyme, by Lord Brabourne. There are shorter pieces also, and a centre double page engraving " An Awful Apparition," is a capital piece of fun, thoroughly characteristic of the coming festive season. The Graphic contains an extra large re production in colours, which is almost as good for ordinary purposes as the original painting itself of H li H the Princess of Wales as exhibited at the Royal Academy in London, this year, by Luke Fildes, R A , the picture is a very pretty one, and gives a good idea of the graceful lady in question. The opening story is by Grant Allen, " A Triumph of civilisation, followed by " A Free Will Offering," a sensational story of Indian life, by B M. Croker. Then comes " Sir Geoffrey's theory, toy Man ten Maartens, " The Bear," a dramatic sketch in four chapters, by Robert Buchanan, and " The Beautiful Damsel ; or the undaunted female," all of these being, by the by, illustrated in colours, the lastnamed:! ince copiously than the others The rest of this admirable number includes " The world of sport," a series of snapshots of lacing and other games played in public as previously given in the Daily Graphic The special number of the Sporting and Dr amane A.cres is a worthy companion to these other fine productions It has only one coloured plate, " Reflections," a pre Baphaelite picture of a fire looking at her own reflection in a hand mirror, and pro sumably, by the look of smug satisfaction on his face, being not at all displeased by it In the book are a number of full page pictures of various kinds, including some which are particularly beautiful, while the letter preSS in of the breezy kind always associated with this paper, " Father Snel hug's Ghost Story " being perhaps the most worthy of mention The Plate by Louis Wain, the great oil painter, " A quiet game of nap" is very quaint, the expression an the various ft hue faces being almost human in its naturalness tlRS S A ALLEN'S WORLD'S nAIttRESTOOTR Nestor s tun Colour Renews the Growth Arrests the Fall CUanfoi toa BcAlp. Lim of tuiAIUF Ti sr/MO>Y - The Um Ion Mt ml H mil mi - MJI for c Food for infants children in demand. it tallied when the relief of air. of dejection lenders obtained by hearing miles Win de UtiS") and Melbourne (lost its tail to the left I , 2s 6d 5s and 10s, of tin TRIM are everywhere Aiietiuhiiu recent effort (to Imitation is. Co, and Rocke, readiness to Crs Mellmuini Elliott Bros and the -tin within Brush Co, Sydney. is I. Gould Hub the. 