THAT HOUSE IN BL00MSHURY. BY MRS. OLU'HANT. CHAPTER XXI 1. The evening passed, however, without nr\v further revelations. Miss Heihune explains to tho young man. with all tho luckiitv of a mail of busiucs:;. the situation ami require- ments ot mat "property m the north " which would .«nve returns, she believe. of various kinds not always calculated in balance-sheets, if it. was looked after bv a man who would deal with it "as if it wvm his own.'- Tho return would be something in money and rents, but much more itl human comfort and happiness. Sim hud never Jiad the courage to tackle that pro blem. she said, and the place had boen ter rible to her. full of associations which would be thought of no more if he w-we there. The result was that, vonmr Gordon went, away thoughtful, somewhat touchi-, by the feeling witn winch Miss Bothuii" had spoken ol her poor crofters, roinewh it loused bv the thought of the north: th»t vague and unknown country which \va« sin. country of his fathers, the land of brown heath and shaggy wood, the country r.f Scott, which is. after all. distinction enmi"U for any well-conditioned stranger. Should lie try that strange new opening of life suddenly put before liim? The unknown of itstdf has a clianu — "If the pass were dangerous known The danger sell were hire alone." Tie wont buck to (lie hotel with at least a new project fully occupying all hi? thoughts. On the next, evening, in 'the dusk or tkr> summer night, .Miss Bothnno was in h- v bedchamber alone. She had no light, though she was a lover of the light, and had drawn up the blinds as soon as the young physi cian who proscribed a darkened room h.ul disappeared. She had a habit, of watching cut the last, departing rays of daylight, ami loved to sit in the gloaming, as she called it, reposing l'rom all cares of the day in that meditative moment. It was a bad sign of Miss rtotlmnnV state of mind whon she called earlv for h- lamp. She was seated thus hi the d-n-.r when young Gordon came in audibly to the sittingroom, introduced by Gilchrist, who told her mistress would be with him t", reetly, but, knowing liss Bothune wor/.' hear what she said, did not come to en. her. The lamps wero lighted in that roor. , and showed a little outline of light throuy « the chinks of the door. She smiled to self in tho dark, with a beatitude ought to have lighted up the darkness a she listened to the big movements or t'i»« young man in the tightcd room next dour. He had seated himself under Gilchrist hs ministrations, but. when she wont away by got up and moved about, looking, as Mi. BeUnme divined, at the pictures on I lie walls, and the books and little silver toys on the tables. He made more noise, she thought to her self proudly, than a woman does; filled the space more, seemed to occupy and fill .out everything. Her countenance and her heart expanded In the dark. She would havo liked to peep at hnn through the cre vice of light round the door, or even ih» keyhole; to see him when ho did not Irii'.w she was looking; to read tlie secrets of his heart in his face. There were none there, she said to herself with an effusion of hap piness which brought the tears to her eye-;; none there which a mother should be afraid to discover. The luxury of sitting there, holding her breath, hearing him itn.w knowing him so near, was so sweet and ; o great, that she sat. too blessed to niove taking all the good out of (hat liappv mo ment before it should fleet avvav. Suddenly, however, there came a dead si lence. Had he sat down again? Had he gone out on tlie balcony? What had become of him? She sat breathless, wondering. In toning for the next sound. Surely he had slopped outside the window to look out upon the Dloonisbury street, aud the waving of the trees- in the Square, and the stars shin ing overhead. Not a sound— yet. yes, (Ium-j was something. What was it? A faint, stealthy rustling, not to be called a sqimd at all, rather some stealthv movement to annihilate sound— the strangest contrast 10 the light, firm step that had come inlo the room, and the free movements which she had felt to bo bigger than a woman's. Miss Bethunc imthe dark held her breath; fear seized possession ot ncr, sue Knew nut what; her heart sank, she knew not why. Oh, his father — his father was nol a good man! The rustling continued, very faint ; it might have been a small animal rubbing against the door. She sat bolt upright in her chair, motionless, silent as a waxen image, listening. If, perhaps, after all, it should be only ono of tlie little girls, ui even the eat rubbing against tho wall idiy on the way down stairs! A troubled smile came over her face, her heart gave a throb of relief. But then the sound changed, and Miss Bethune's face again grew rigid, her heart stood still. , Some one was . trying very cautiously, without noise, to open the door; to turn the handle without making any sound required some time ; it creaked a little, and then there was silence — guilty silence, the pause of stealth alarmed by the faintest noise, then It began again. Slowly, slowly the handle turned round, the door opened, i hair's breadth at a time. O, Lord above ! his father — his father was an Ijl man. There was someone with her in the room someone unseen, as she was swallowed up in the darkness, veiled by the curtains at the windows, which showed faintly a pale streak of sky only, letting in no light. Un seen, but not inaudible; a hurried, flutter ing breath betraying him, and that faint sound of cautious, uneasy movement, now and then instantly, guiltily silenced, and then resumed: She could feel the stealthy step thrill the flooring, making a jar, which was followed by one of those complete si lences in which the intruder, too, held his breath, then another stealthy step. A thousand thoughts, a very avalanche, precipitated themselves through her mind. A man did not steal into a dark room like that if ho were doing It, for the first time. And his words last night — " How do you know even that I am iidncst?" And then his father — his father — oh, God help him. God forglvo him! — that was an ill man ! And his up-bringing in a country where lies were common, with a guardian that did lilra no justice, and the woman that cut liim off. And not to know that he had a creature belonging to him in the world to be made glad or sorry whatever happened ! Oh, God forgive him, God help him! the un fortunate, the miserable boy! "Mine all the same — mine all the same!" her heart said, bleeding — oh, that was no metaphor ! — bleeding with the anguish, the awful, im measurable blow. If there was any light at all In the room, it was a faint greyness, just showing in the midst of the dark the vague form of a little tablo against tho wall, and a box in a brown cover — a box — no, no, the shape of a box, but only something standing there- something, the accursed thing for which life and love were to -be wrecked once more. Oh, his father— his father! But his father would not have (lone "that. Yet it was honcster to take the trinkets, the miserable stones that would bring in money, than to wring a woman's heart. And what did the boy know ? He had never been taught, never had any example. God help him, God forgive him. and mine — mine all the time! Then out of the complete darkness came into that faint grey .where tho box was an arm, a hand. It touched, not calculating the distance, tho solid substance . with a faint jar, and retired like a ghost, wh.le she sat rigid, looking on ; then more caM tiously, more slowly, still, it stole forth again, and grasped the box. . Miss Bethunc bad settled nothing- what to do, she had thought of nothing hut the misery of it. mio had intended, so far as she had any Inten tion, to watch while the tragedy was played out, the dreadful act accomplished. But she was a woman of sudden Impulses, mo ved by flashes of resolution almost indepen dent of her will. . Suddenly, more ghostlike still than tno arm of tho thief, she. made a sudden move ment forward, and put her hand upon hjs. Her grasp seemed to crush through tue quivering, clammy fingers, and she felt un der her own tho leap of tho pulses; but tne criminal was prepared for every emergencj and uttered no cry. ' She felt tbo quick, noiseless change or at titude, and then tho free arm swing to strike her — heaven and earth! to strike iiei, a woman twice his age, to strike her, » friend, his . She was a strong woman. in the fulness of health and courage, a quick as lightning she seized tho arm as u descended, and held him as in a grip iron. Was it guilt that made him Ike « child in her hold? Ho had a stick In m« hand, shortened, with a heavy head, reau, to deal a blow. Oh, tho coward, tnt wretched coward! She held him pantun for a moment, unable to say a word, a 'Uien .-she called out 'with a voice that uas no voice, but a kind of roar of misery, "Gilchrist, Gilchrist!" . Gilchrist, who was never far off, wno al ways had her ear open for her mistrcs., heard, and came flying from up or uowu stairs with her candlo, and someone eis hoard it, who was standing pensive on i balcony, looking out, and wondering w ut fate had now in store for him, and mim, ling his thoughts with tho vaying trees and tho nameless noises of the si Which of them arrived first was ne\er known, he from the other room throwing wide the door of communication, or a - from the stairs with tho impish, ma' light of that candle' 'throwing in its buaae illumination as with a pleasuro in tho uecu. (To be continued.) 