THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. BT E. A. J. All day long the door bellhad teen ringing, and the wedding guests kept coming: until at last all had arrived. There wern cousins from everywl er', it seemed to the children, and such a wed ding as it was going to be I! Bess was to be the bride, end Bess was the queen of the family just now. She wrs, always lovely ; to.night she was beautiful ; the bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the same bshe wore at her own wedding, failed to bide the fair young face from a hoat of admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be heart-broken by this mar. riage, was startled out of his melancholy at the sight. Bess in white satin and orange blossoms was very different from Bess in white muslin and blue ribbons. Why, she was indeed a very queen, and he half expected to see the ladies in wait ing and the royal guardsman surround her I After the ceremony, congratulations and supper, a game of hide.and-seek was proposed. Away flew Bess, with acrowd of merry seekers after her, through the corridor and up the stairs, until siht reached the great wardrobe that stood in front of the old guest chamber, which had not been opened for many years. She ran in behind it and tried the door of the chamber, found it unlocked, anl entered, still holding the knob in her hand. With flashed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices outside; then, imagining she was discovered as the faces came nearer, she let go of the knob and pushed the door to, only to find, to her horror, that she could not open it again. Gradually the sound of voices died away, as the seekers all ran off, cry ing, "She's in the oak closet I Let's go there and look I" And down stairs they went,. making each a noise with their shouting and laughing that they could not hear her repeated calls. ' Oh I the horror of it lI she cried, wringing her hands. "Self-imprisoned I will they never come back? How shall 1 ever get out ?" What in this room, which she had never i entered in her life before? She began to tremble, with fear, it was so dark and mysterious. Why,oh why did she come there at all? Not a ray of light penetra ted the awlol darkness around her; the silance became so intense that her very heart throbs seemed to fill the dreadful space. Were there such things as spirits? She wondered ; if so, there might be one in this room. .What wes that?' Something touched her bhand, she was sure, something that was cold and clammy, like icy fingers. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts! She crouohe'l low down on the floor in a pelrf.ct frerza of terror, then gave a pier. cing shriek and fell senseless Toe guest chamber in grandfather's hones was always looked upon as some thing to be dreaded. There were stories t Id of a ghost who was seen to w .lk back and forth in front of the door, with a rusty key in his band. Late at night members of the family had seen it, or thought they bad, and each one of the servants had been chased by it; not one of them could be indnc*d to go into the north wing after nightfall. Of course Bess knew all this ; she had heard the story of the ghost many times in her childhood, and had often gone to bed with her face hidden in Nor~'e apron, lest she should meet the awful spectre. And now that she found herself alone in this very room, all the terror of her child. hood returned with redoubled force. Her shriek when she fainted hat done its work; it had,bhen heard down stairs. While the hunt continued laughing ant shouting went on; when she could not be onund everybody became sober ; each face took on an anxious expression, and they began to ask each other in whispers "Where can she be? What has hap pened to her ?" They were still looking when the terri. fled cry reached their ears. Walter ran off, shouting, "She must be in the guest chamber," leaving the groom, Albert, who bounded after him, a few steps behind. They had scarcely reached the door ?'.toe everybody else was at their heels. Ber-ting it open, they found the poor little bride stretched on the floor, uncon scilue, with Tabbe, the cat and household put, .who bhad followed her unnoticed, licking her face and hands. So the ghost was only a cat, after all, and it was her co:l, soft little paw, that Bee. mistook for the cold, clammy hand. A little older every day The new year grows. Alas, The country is disposed to let All resolutions pass. Mistress-" If you don't like your place, what do you stay forTP' Maid-" For foor shillings a wake, mom." There is no halfway house between vice and virtue in which hougety of purpose can sit down and take a rest. The man who has sworn off should remember this, A Pullman tas eosts about 1,500, uad yet there are men whoa when they have p £1 opr a ?e?t O I tD omAO qo it aitll. 