[?] The Autobsography OF A r /"'"'"""! : Professional Beaoty BY . / \ ELIZABETH TBAIH, I NTEODUC TION. A few days sgo mamma inadvertently suggested an idea torn j mind "that fell at once into congehial "soil, for/it tote/dik'tely took iroot, 'sikd'.'ifs ficayitir! aro 'Vititile to: the openjng'wordsof a record 0$ roye%eri/ enoa as a'Profesriobal Beauty. ; 1 ; Notwitbstaddihgmy ibrilliant and pher nonrenal social sucoess, mamma has " of late,' l ilunfe, fdt a little disobaragcd that enoh sn.A No. 1 article as her ;pldpte: daughter; has not mpdp nn faon utarche at Vanity Fair. For though I am stiff rncph. pought after, and < admired ,yet my four seasons Are undeniably aocuBatory and disheartening faats, . $nd there is no longer the ghost of an excuse for keeping Eiise m too nursery. Therefore, as we were, breakfasting to gether the other day, I perceived -that mam ma hsd something on her mind, - for she kept her oyes fixed on me in a steady, irritat ing sort of, stare, that made me wohder if i had got my color a trifle too. high or if my face showed symptoms of siiariet fever. Finally I grew nervous, and as. I never al low my self to induce in that feminine' eai- ness, which spofis the dfgtetipu and hps lib! revenge on the cpmplexipri, T sent Jane oHt of the room on: soteebetext, and then said, — - ' ' A ' For heaven's sake, mamma, what Is the matter F You glare at rae as though I had the Gorgon's head on my shoulders 1' She sighed heavily. ' Evelyn,' ' she began, «I was thinking, - dear; 'that to-morrow is your twenty-fourth birthday, and tbnt Eiise is already attract ing considerable attention. She is nearly twenty,; and only yesterday deair Lady Mel- fort hinted strongly her disapproval of seolnd- ing her longer from- the. word; t -If. aha were only delicate, now, so that £ might have a legitimate reason for keeping her out of so- viotjr auui/uer yeur i— aur,- oear me ! sue is so provokingly well !' - 'Poor mammal And you fear tlrnt I should cast Elise'H lesser attractions in the shade?' - : - ; Mamma looked uncomfortable. She has always cultivated courtesy in our private re lations, and I -know that she had to swallow twice before she said,— r :. ; 'Abeml- No, my dear, not precisely that. Of course Eiise is not your equal in beauty . or style, and I can never dare hope for her . such a triumph as yours has been,? (Tehiv- ered a little at the past tease,) « but— ahem ! — she is — well, love — younger — less — less I could not help smiling at mamma's die-' tressed countenance, and good-naturedly helped her out ' ' ' L320 well known and more of a novelty, yoa mean P Well, briDg the child out ! I promise not to ill treat her even if-ohe eclipse As I had expected that my kindly recep tion of -3 - disagreeable rath wpuldr relieve mamma's countenance of its gloom, I was surprised to Eeo its shadows deepen. ' _ ' That's just it, she replied. ' Of course Eiise must come out ; but how/dreadful to Lava two daughters on the carpet at once !' Well, mamma, what shall I do F Get ms to-a nnnnory, elope with a detrimental, or take an overdose of chloral? Anything, short of marrying that dreadful little Bar- ' . grayo, I am willing to do to prove my filial .devotion and rid you of an inoubus.' . Then .1 saw her face light up, and a horri-' ble fear took possession of me lest I had committed myself to a promise whose fulfil ment mamma, in her position of embarrassed and disappointed ohaperon, > might claim. Suddenly it dawned upon me that she hadr been spreading a trap anto which I had in- ' nocently fallen. There are porsorus in the world who call my mother weak and silly I only wish I had half - her cleverness and determination!-. ' Dearest,'' she said, with a half - deprecat- ing air, 4 wo arc not reduced to suoh straits, I trust; bntrea!ly;my position is most un pleasant. People say euch horrid things, and are so unsparing in tbsir remarks. Only fancy' that dreadiul Ellen Simpson irom. America ' (mamma always speaks of our ha- - . tiy.olftnd.in "italics, -an if. its syllables were distasteful) « saying the, other day, ' So you' haven't, married . Evelyh, yet ! It fa so un fortunate not to get one daughter off before the otber comes on.' Wril, 1 was going to propose that yoa withdraw a little this j car, aud rather, devote yourself to more sober pursuits.. There arc come , very desirable m6n, now, among authors/ and the bid pre-J jndica against clever women has died out eniirely. Couldn't you take.np. some studies, and cultivate a" literary taste P It would : really eonnd'rather well for me to be able to say that you had wearied off cooieiy and ad miration and had. gone in for naoro solid' things. You are quite equal to it, my love,- and perhaps in time might form n salon. It's a very elegant thing, to do, and literary ' en tertainments sro so inexpensive, yon know 1 The ie2a you give your guests to eat, the more profound your oult ia held to be. I'm sure I gufiered from actual starvation at Mrs. Doliber'e afternoon ; the salads were rancid, the tea weak. and thin, and thobisouits aheap and scarce ; but I heard on all sides what a superior woman Bhe was,, how diffloult it was .to get a cord to her noose, eto.' It. was a rudeness, I know, but.I could not help bursting into a loud . laugh as mamma / finished. It was not altogether a merry,' hearty . affair, for,. I oonfeso I was a little piqued at the. thought of. relinquishing my stiii enviable place in society, and of sicking into a mere blue-stocking— for which roIeJI am about as well fitted as is a butterfly -to become again a grub. Say what yoii will, it : . is a bitter thing for a woman .to realise that he? position of holla is no ' longer tenable' ; aQd, as l waa atill more attractivo thsn the majority .of womeh,'ahd hadmbro atteataou, tbaa I could. acb'egtj.T rSelt!..tSatteitise/a'' vulgar expression— this., was G. pirejaafeji; . i&Mpg; thajbnlLbv.tha.hoEaA Tvblflh T AM 1 notraSiH. — -| ,, wasV I confess. tired to death :of : .the eternal treadmill; and had .been reocntly startled by discovering that the slow, sweet" fite.Ue, £ic£rbyf $at of long praotioe; I have made mine was grooving certain sot lines about my nose' and mouth that; bedefair to. become, in time, as ugly as wrinkles. If I might abandon this foc a time and give way ra natural movement of the facial muscles,': thought that the misohief might y'et obe averted ; besides which, I hod an object in yie.w, for th© accomplishing of whiohlmam'- mas '. plan, with some : amendments, seemed to offer a means. . i -.v: i Mamma accepted my merriment in bp- wildered eilenoe, - evidently at a lose as to phatprbhipted it. ."I scon enlightened 'pet. ' " Pardon mej- mamma; -I said, I bnl really the thought of myself as a Do Stael or Mine. Necker overcame " my manners. ;! ' don't think I am 'qqite 'fitted for suoh diafihotibhi bat I do feel as though a good rest would pe of inestimable' beffipt ,toi. me' Yesterday. I had a long le'fter from' -Mtey GteretbeaCl ging me to eome down to them in JerSey" rot" a GhcflgjS, to femain .as long as .1 .egggd to-. em''iivvjifmg"teii, piyl la. doubly so how, when I find that/ inyom; . plans, I am de trop. I should like to skip a" season in town, / and will giye iEse d four 4ejd ; :bpg jdes, I fn the air whiohbreaied 'thpisgtiy nthat- Mies Eiise will have to look ' to her Isurela next year, I think the lliterary'tcareer-we had better Abandon in totbiTYoaTd po' ulterior motive, I suppose, in proposing it ?'" 1 I am always a little suspioiqus of mamma ; I can't help - it, she has 'given me so -many baok-hsnders under the guise of ma ternal interest and good eonnsel ; -but before she could tetter the disclaimer that I knew was forthcoming, the door opened, and Eiise entered with an open letter in : her hand. She had met the letter-carrier and'had pos-- sessed herself of our share of his burden. There were letters for as all, and we were soon engaged in mastering their - contents. Mamma's and mine were the same old Story/ —bills, cards, and invitations ad haqseam et infinitum,— but Eiise, who was : still in the school-girl era, when letters of length, if not <|f great literasy vtffne/; tfen; finished page "after page 'of , pr'ossed " and redressed Eoript. ::;Wnen ''abe' -fia'd' waded throngh i fit Ml, I asked, — . i. .:- \ 'Is there any neyvsat ail in that mass of texpeniiBYe 8tti?h0'"®y oohild, or is. jt par-. : tir'ely devote disopuies, "on thp prpoariona fragility of wgin hearts ahfle qangrous;.; msoinations of callow youths? 'Mamma and I re dying- of ennm, ghd. I'U give you my -econd-beat nail-poliEher if you will revlve us vYith a thoroughly iptetesiing bit of inews.'i : ; j;.. . - . . f Eiise, who is a bit covetous of my mora ' elegant toilet- equipments, bodamo for a mo- . raent thoughtiul while sbe made a digest of the docunfentary matter she had just' per- .used ; then she brightened up remarkably/- and cried enthusiastically,— she will never attain to my perfected iiidiffeience, being 01 an fxhuberant b atere - that ; surmounts' all mamma's attempts afrepressiote, ' 'Eureka I I have it !' This ia a gonuine bargain., E eelyn F' 'Yca'/if-yourteewe ie genuine and inter - eating. ' - ' "'" , j I will vouch for, its being genqine; and it should bo'Interesting, ad it concerns two" of your old flames.' : . ... j Out with it/ then,' I said, with languid interest, expecting some, trifling bit "of ; gossip; " ' ' ' You shoulden't say it, "but them, for there ere two pieces/— one. from America and tne other from France. Fanny dtark weather" is Visiting in Paris, you know, and shs writes me that her unole, Lord Danbigh, came to see her a few days ago, took: her out driving and to the Oomedie, and gave her. a. good time generally, in whioh yon are not, proba bly, -interested ; but she also says— where is jt P— oh, here I ' Uncle Denbigh is at last, going baek to London, after an ahsenoe of eighteen months. He is as great a book worm as ever, and says he shall npi go ont, except amongme uteran. 1 suppose ne nss maoe his intention public, because Mrs. Hay den— at whose houee I spend my-Saturday after noons— eaid tome last week, ' So Lord Den bigh is about to return to England ! Well, gome has bleu will catch him, 1 supposa, as I understand - he is tired of- society women. It's rather a joke that suoh a parti should escape the match-makers.' Well, he ig.a magnificent old dear, and I wouldn't blame any girl for turning blue on bia tecbonht.'. There I What to yoa say - to that? : Doesn't it oanss a flatter to know that you will have one more chance at suoh a prize f ' j I neglected to reprove her impertinence, so 'amused was I at mamma's discomfiture, for ' jl now 2 ully : understood— being aware that \- sbo and Mrs. Hay dsn had maintain a reg ular correspondence for some timo — the mo- Itive of the proposition to which I had so lately listened. But then I remembered what a diMppointment to her my .refiteal;of Lordr jDenbigh had been, and- forbadeteny sliuriott jto her obvious intention of again briherins? ,'uc together. : ; j ' Yery good, Eiise, 1 said, 'and fright fully exoiting. Now for the otheril'" I 'Eiise looked at me tantaliaingly, screw- ;ing up her mouth and half- shutting her tig ! brown eyes. t I 'Guess,' she replied. 'I shan't tell you | unless you guess it.' ' " j ' My child !' I Baid, reprovingly, 'Will \ jr via o«vi bU (Oie UJLoolIlglllSIlIXlg; expressions of your native land? Do yon jnot know that if ia as distinctive a mark ot Yankee breeding to descend to that form of; conjeoture as it is to cross one's limbs or be- - come guilty of-a witty remark ?— Mamma, |do you not despair of eradicating the : American taint in your . youngest ?' E ise pouted- and declared- mat until I at- 1 tempted to disoover it for myself she ehbuld withhold the intelligence, , i ' Y--ry good,7 dearest,' I said, rising from, the tc-ble.— 7' Excuse me, mamma ; I Have' Isome notes to answer'.— So glad you do' hot.' scare for the polisher, Eliap; for I think it' j would- have been foolish in. me to "give it tip;' ; And I proceeded to leave the breakfest- isoom. I had almost r eaohed the dnor, when Eiise sprang forward and caught ine by 'the lade": ;of my neglge. ' ' Wait, you provoking thing !' she cried, laughing. ' I have half earned your pol ishes, find woe'b'etyou indulge your sdSeh - -nesa "at: roy expense. ; Weil/ than ! " Payd Sfcurgis is ccming abroad again:' ' j Paul Sturgis coming abroad ! Something, stowed tightly away under rmy. dxpehisive iFreaoh corsot gave a leap, .whioh its fash- ionable bonds qniokly repressed/ What jutter contempt, by the way, Frenoh , stays imust feel for the heart" they bdirce! I never " -put mine on without feeling, that I owe tHem Jan apology that the organ they embrace ia jnot the properly-trained- Gallic affair for' 1 which they were oreated. However, I had iporfeot confidence in my' rouge,'— ome of iRimmen's best, to the - use of whioh- T' have jbeen addicted only within the, past yefirj land my voice bag always bden 'a mean- spirited thing in talking, completely tmdfir - -subjeotion, responding perfectly to any 'de mands I make upon It, only kjoking over the traces a bit iii'eingrn g J so teo'w'Tbr ngged" my shoulders carelessly, and said to Eiise, — j ' Youare no jndge, petitet Qf-; what; will interest a' woman of the world.' Two'yearo , -hence you will not consider suoh trifles fair .equivalent for a beautiful ivory polisher. ;StiH,tfris yqun|» for. you/ have; epeksa;, ac cording to your lights.' The child aotnaUy overlooked tho gift in indignation at my words. . I 'Is she not horrid, maouns I' sha cried, tornmgher pretty' eyearappe'»lingly to "the ; maternal tribunal.' ' To' be indiffeirent to', darling Panl's comihg ! I think it la utterly shameful / don't yo'q ?' ' " ; But mamma pretended to be occupied with hibr letters, and failed to'reply.' Perhaps the news j sst imparted ; had not ; keen the tapsi" welcome in the world, though, - it was'utterly tbat sheoould-eveg' feel, as jdidTL:ihaArjnriL-i ing yrqight of our obligation to Paul fltprgiB,. .1 ' pacified Eiise" aisd despatohed her to pofesss" herself of the long-coveted icilet artiole ; then I approached mamma, who looked embarrassed as I acoosted her. ! . ? You knew Jhat Lord Denbigh waa oom- iag home, and wanted me to meet him again P I asked. ' 7 : ' Well, yes/ she answered, reluctantly. 'It would; be such. a -good. thing for yen, dear,, and7 the. expenses of two girls in so- oiotyrrrf- ; /I - / ' ' ;' Exonse me, mamma, ior interrupting you, kut.tet -me sot your desires Bnd anxie- \- ties equally at rest, Marry Lord Denbigh,! j aetrer will ;; on-that point I am' firm | but T also acknowledge ! And' sympathise with the awkwardness of your position, an am quite willihg tb do all in !my power to re- ueye'4tl - '1 Cannot 7 accept ' the ' metier 'jyou have proposed to me, bs;T Lava hot the neo- : eaaary qualificatiohs/bnt' I shall be onh .too1 M-to spend - the qomlng "sea'Bon ont of : oni I shBU write Mary1 Garteret that; \- riie?mky expect me immediately ; tend as "they are qulet/mple-pebpleV yfin will not7 ejvea b,e at .the pxpenee of %maid,for me. . -J :.wi|l;etay,.w|tti .emgnip they show "q dia-, alqtf ibr jmy' cqmpimy/ and, fhen there" are meiiy plhcra .hp' for te®®nia! I'm "dasiiqi|ri|iaeKik." - j j; '.leaned uoyyh an forehead lightly,' having learned long ago that she . tY&s;'nibse- thah indifferent to "any pareaaeB upqnier qheror'iips.' She looked deoidedly djnbmas. 5 j 'My dear, won't it look suspicions for you to shirk a whole season ? "Won't, people think there is some reason ? ra disappoint ment or gomething?'. i' ' '.No. mamma, I think not. People are not wont to a8sopiate me iwith the thought of a broken heart.' ' ; j Ponldn't you bring Lord Bargrave to the point; before, you gpt? There would be a oteiu eoiat in ha ring refused him on the ,eVe of your departure. It would aesm to the world as if you fled to escape the perse cution of admiration. Couldn't yon manage it, my dear?' i '-I don't think I oan, mamma. I am really tired of the whole business, dome, give -your consent at once, pleasa/ and let rpe make my plans.' j She. looked fis if she was abont to consent, wh'en Elisa's second pieoe of news recurred v to ber mind. : - ; ; ? 1 'Why; Evelyn 1- there 's Paul 1 Youmuat stay ana see Mm ?' \- I laid my hand heavily on her shoulder and looked her squarely -in- the face. ' 'Mamma, I never will meet7 Paul Sturgis again until our obligations to him is can celled. BSs ooioihg is an additional induce - .meht to me to leave Lphdipn. : may I go f j For a moment she balanced the pros and oona in her mind ; then-7-for the considera tion of teiy expenses' for ah entire London season was of serious moment— she reluct antly7 yielded her consent to my plan, assur ing me, vrith tears ia her eyes (which wfere not allowed to fall), that nothing save her <$uty:toward E'ise; Mid the narrow limit of her ihbonnj should ihdnce her to part with . her. helove'd ohiid. | A week later I beoame a Warmly- wel comed inmate of the Garteret household, where,- my renown having preceded me, I fquod 'the family and servant disposed to > wait nppn and regard me as the sooial queen which I have been ; and it has taken some days to convince them that I have abdicated my sovereignty and desire nothing but re'aV freedom from constraint, andleisuce to work : out the scheme which was : the main reason of - my . sadden acqaiesoence in the maternal' desire.- : I am determined to beoome a free woman \- again, and this I oan do only by ridding my-; pelf "of .the burden of obligation to. Panl.7 Sturgia in wbioh - I, as my mother's ebild, have beoame participator. It is nooessary for me to raise a considerable snip of money ; before I -canefiett my liberation' / and the- manner of doing this has beoome a problem: that has weighed' heavily upon my spirite, "until/ mamma unintentionally suggested its 8olntion. Why shoidd I not write a book ? I know that I am' not capable of miy seri-. 0ns7 -literary -: prbduotion, but nowadays ' trifles light as air ' have enormous asles, aud i beliive that the rebord of oertoin ex periences in my: oareer— masquerading; of oonrse,- beneath flotitions names and Circum stances— might prove one of: those ephemeral suocessea which bring substahtial reward to sbeir projeotors. ' - ' : Thus, with an apology for its existehbe, ends my preface. If my story iB not a suo- . oesa it is hbt that lTaok prbger cohditioha for its portrayal. I am already in love with my Surroundings;. Id 'this' lively island of Jersey, "where the spring te alrbady well! under , way, L f or the first time in many" years, realise what Nature is, ; and how. hoautifui life, ' under spine"' oiroumstandes/ 'may fcseome. I have never ;befpte:speht ;this season in' the oountry, mid every- open ing bhd and flower is a new revelation. 5 The Ctirteret home-life is so diffetefit from any previous experience of mine that I imnst confess I feel at times a little etnbar- faisameht in the fabeofuubh utter simplicity ; land" my own conventionalities, which are more natural to me npw than' naturalness itself, seem absurd and ridioulousl Oh, hor- jror ! what if I should return to mammy sun 'ingenue 1 Fanpy her disgust 1 j ;- . __ ( OHAPIERI. i My father, Frederiok Davis Hilliard, w;as ga New York merchant, who. began life as jthe driver of a vkriety-cait through the. jwilds of Yermout. .The eiroumstance of the Jvehiole having been drawn by a c(uadruplet jof horses probably suggested- to momma tho pretty form of expression in which she is . wont frequently to indulge before7 strangers whom she. wishes to impress with a sense of the luxury in whioh her husband's boyhood was passed ri;My— husband was a7 7 remarkably - fine whip, she will say. 'Why, he drove his own four-in-hand, en-.'ciost boys are soaroely . oapable of -mahaging a rooking- horse. J uat what mamma was 1 do not know; for hor early life is about- the only subject on whioh her hps' are heriuetioaily sealed. Ba- garding this period she isteever to be stir- prised into confidence, evon with her ohil-; drpn : therefore I suspect things that . are worse than the reality." It is one; of her. maxims that children who have a sense of ' low birth never acquire, an alr of distinction : (probably/therefore, she bas withheld from Job family details whioh might have over whelmed our self -respect. " i- ' (TO BS OOznaauED. I Greece in 1889. had: 360 miles of railroad and 240 more nndcr eontraot and: in course i of construction. 1 The fastest Ibng-distanoe run ever known,. Was won on the New York Central in 1891, .439 miles in 425 minutes. 7 : The first Portuguese railroad was opened in!854, from Lisbon to Garregano,. twenty- two miles. ; Hungary is one of the richest mineral bountries in the world;. ; The. pigeon, is considered to be essentially a bird of death. j About 3200 lives were lost in the recent Brazilian rebellion. ! j The Queen is mistress of over £3,000,000 worth of solid gpld plate. j A foot of.. newly fallen, snow , mskes bui johe inch of water when melted.'. j A man of average size will be. snpporte.d 3n the water by apouhd; pf pork", ; ; ; . C 7 v;" 