mtiwiwa— bowiwii — mn u—pn—owwao—cewa "lii Normandy. rcMa-nts" Homes end a, Haunted /.! ; Chateau.,: ' v; . Why is it.T wonder that oue olass of bnmsoiljr it always asking itselt what the ethos olaii i« dointn.bow it lives, and what its customs aro ? It was no doubt a curiosity of.' ibia kind that prompted; ua, tbe qther morning, to drive into the. country 'to visit some of- the nonsants' homes that lie hidden among the hills, book of Houlgste, Truo, wo had no Inviteliou to these places; we did not even know tho (arm-owners by name, Altar nil " aristocrats " bare very bad manners _ compared to tbe poor laboring slsse. . This ctruok mo most toroibly tbo other day, and i felt really ashamed of my self and (riends an wo boldly entered the gateway -to tho first (arm. it would, havo ' nerved us right bad we boon rudely tcentod add asked to vacate tlio promisee. \- Ae wti approached tlio low, tbatohed-roof Building, with 'tha grape. vines covering a wide vomndah, tho lioree-oheetnuts spread ing thoir refreshing shade tar ovor tha bouse, a more perfect pfoturo of comfort oould not easily bo imagined. Hosting tbo ' sound of eorriAKCs, thrco women made their .appearance at tbo dour, ami seeing wo wero " on grand niondo," no they nay hereabouts, three low eaurteeys were dropped and a moat lordial wetcomo extended us, much to my rev lief and stirpriea. Tbey wero ovidentiy flattered liy our visit, and far froth oflenflrd, as I bad expeotod. Tbey wore the reguls- tion peasants' costumo— short skirt, white blouse, waists with sleevoe rolled up above tbo elbow, loug sprone, neat cope, and wooden sabots. One of the young men rang a bugo bell at tho stdo of tbe house, where- "npon a stable-boy oarao rnd led onr borsoa off, and (ho fatbor ond brother of the family ' assisted' ue to alight and led us on to the porch, wbora thoy requested us to (eat awhile nulil a light refreshment should be prepared. . . In a short space of timo a long table was brought ont and sot before ue, spread with : a snowy homespun sloth and laid with quaint old bluo china- wars- and glass. Pots of golden honoy, jugs of oresm, loaves ol bleok bread, pats of yellow butter, oakes, oroam cheese, eo celebrated throughout Normandy, cold meats, and a pitcher of eider, mado up tbe feast Every member of tbo family waited upon ue, and treated us as if wo were old and valued friends, but none of them eat at table with uo. Wo did full justice to this homely faro, after whioh the interior of tbe bouse wap shown ue, and peepB into huge linon- prceses vouoheafed ue, whore piles ofbloaohed and nnbleaohed olotn lay ready as part of tho " dot" to go with tbo first ohild leaving the homo nest. Tho floors in tbo house woro nil sorubbod to marvellous whiteness and tbon strewn with a flue white sand ; in romo. of tbo rooms the sand was laid on tho floor to imitato mosaia designs, bnt tho treed of many feet eoon obliterated tbo protty Tho old homestead- .was most comfortable in every - respect, and tho old-teshioned : furmturo in it wonld have mado a oollcotor weep with envy. Large carved oak armoircs, sptnning-ivhocls, high-backed chairs, four- post bedsteads, and quaint tables that would havo brought thoir woigbt in preoious metal at samo fashionable euotion in tho oapital, were thought nothing of by those people, ex cept as onoeatral souvenir keepsakes. Great quantities of sholl-work adorned tho walls, and evon mado up tho principal bria-a-brao upon the tablee and otsgcres. Theflropleocs wero all thooe. groat, generous ones that take in oil tbo family ana do not lo&vsuny; one out in tbo Gold, as some of onr modem grates aro apt to do. As wo expressed onr appreciation of the oorafortsblo surroundings, the faces of both men and woman fairly beamed with grati- . Lid prido. Tho dairy, stables, poultry yard and pigs . were next shown us, and from the oool, airy xb ilk-room to tho ety in tho book yard, was one perfect delight of oleanlincss. prosperity andplonty. " Thees pooplo are nevor idle, ana for that reason happy ; thoy aro content with what thoy have, do not envy any one and livo lives of peace and good-will to all mon. Eioh face bcars_ marks of tho eunny nature within mq our visit to La Brctcobe, as thio form is called, put better thoughts into our minds for dayB to oome. The day following our oonntry visit was a grand fete-day for Honlgnte. Raose, a oon- oert, and a ball at the casino wero to bo tho I great features of the occasion, and about two o'alock wo wore all aeeembled on tbe \- beach to witnese tbo races, ; A strange piaoe for races you will, no doubt, rightly remark, but tbeso were not to ! bo ordinary once at all, in iaot tho noblo coursers were not to be two-thirty roadatora in the least, bat two- fpotcd.arentures of our own species, and little, longleared donhoys. The hssoh lay whits, smooth and bard, with tho tide far ont. In tbe judges' stand wore a gay party of women ot fashion and well- known about Parisian clubs. By tbo expres sion oi interest on all fgoee, one would havo fancied that a fortune waa at etske, but in reality tbe prizes consisted of a gold oup tor tho donkoy races, a leather medal and riding | whip for tho raaes to follow. ; First oame tbo men's . rues in bogs, tbe most aomioal sight I ever witnessed. Esoh i man was done ap in a largo grain-Book up to hie waist, and when the signal was given about thirty of those ridiculous figures -started on the hop, skip and jump; ae to running that was ont cf tbo question, and most of tha band finally wont on all fours. Next followed tho donkey race, tbe jookeya boing gentlemen riders, 'attired in long, low- noekad, white baby-dresses with different colored sashes and oloso caps. Tbo winner of this reoo was to be be who 'got thero 1 set.' Ae tiyo bell rang for the Btari, the donkeys all startod on a doad run, and to stop them was as great a feat as to get them to go nt most times. They seemed to understand tbe joko, and with euro woll up and tails straight out thoy rushod madly along. All the " wlioa-ing " in tho world had no effeai upon tbe stubborn little boasts, and tho one tbat reached the home- atretob last was only just a head behind thB others. 01 all ridioulous sightn this was indeed tbe most ladiorons, and the poals of laughter from the lookere-on almost drowned the sound of the MS. After tho outdoor sports we adjourned to tho ooncort-hall and listened to a voxy good amateur concert, tbe prooeode of whion went to tbe poor of tho village. The ball in the evening was n most brilli ant affair — in foot ono might caeilv have be lieved one's solf in como salon of the capital had it not' been that the ladlas were not deaolloto and vory few jewels were worn. The surroundings were most beautiful, the ball- ' room-represented a tropical garden, bang with colored lanterns. I found here a great re- ' taxation from the usual rigid- ball-room eti quette of Paris. Young ladies dancod moro, and it was not thought out ot piaoe to allow tho same name to appear even threo times on one's dancing card, "At cupper-timo the ohaperon did not select hor ohargo's esoort, but loft it to hor own wise discrimination, only Bitting at the same table in order not to throw off all vigilance. Early hours are reBpootod here, for, wonder- ful to relate, tho Fronoh ladles rise at a most xeaBoneblo hour, and aro often seen at nins o'olook in tho morning dressed for the day — no, I should not cay for tbo day, ae two, tbreo, ond even four changes ot toilet aro mado, and tbo thought of ono drees for the whole day would absolutely eoandaltao these fashionables, An onergetlo little Frenchwoman, and qnito tbo leader ot fashion hero tbis season, time, do Bcaulien, has started a most delightful olub for ladieB to help paeB the hour. It Is called bv thoqueor titloof " Nous Besietonn" (we xoBist), and it is devoted eololy to sword and pistol practice, Wo havo a notable tesohcr from the metropolis, who dovotos two hours twice a week to our meetings, Our alub-toom is n largo tent, erected on tbo , bcaob, end divided off into tbo fonoing.room nfl target jflsfle, Wg„wenr a ajmjpij. .... ».— -uiuijaMBijiaaTOosMpniaiiigCTOiniMWmwMT n. n iwn ii i protty costume of blue flannel, mndo with Turkish trouaers, short skirts, and blouse waists. The stylo ot dreca loaven all one' movements perojotly free, and enables no te cultivate groat eaite and grace of posture. Th exeroise is most dolightfnf, ond we ' thank Mme. do Beouliou dally for her brilli ant idea. ; Somo ono is alwayo planning nuawamnra., ment or psatimo bero, and each day bringll forth somo original li'.ca to add to tbeenjoy«l ment of our already thoroughly butterfly er«i Istenco, , ' I \- Not long ogo a courageous party, of city, visitors mado the bold proposition .that wet . . . should start somo evening -uftor, dark, and dtivo to an abandoned "and .ruined oastla which lies eight milrs from . Iloulgato and is 'euppooed to ba liauhtud. Wo wo»e to tako our cupper with as, and bsvo 6 moonlight picnio among the reins and wait till- tbe mystio hour of twelve o'clock, ' whon tho ghosts are expeotod to walk, before returning homeward. This plan met our viows moot, favorably, nnd about eight o'clock, ono even ing last wook, tho largo ooaoh and savors! small oatriagos startod from the villa and from oomo of the honous adjoining ours. Tho moon was just beginning to ohow iteoll ovor the top ot a high hill in the distance, tbe night was soft and balmy, ana wo wore all in tho best of Bpirlts, hoping oven to meot the reotlcBB spirit of the oldobstoau, nndmaking. wagors as to who would djtrs go aioug'into the . darkest corner ol the ruin. , Tho drivo was.only too soon aooomplishod, and wo olattered into the oourt-yard of the Morinan oaetlo just an honr after- we left, uomo. ' ' ; \- Ruins aro gonerally picturesque, but some how this ono throw? a greater chbrm over us all, with its pillars and' arahes touched to eilver by tbo moonbeamB, than we ba 1 ex pected. Oho . tower of tbe chateau stodd almost -oompioto. Time b'ad only oovered parts of it with moss and vines, that clam bered into every oaeement and barred every doorway, but round about lay heaps of stones und masonry, broken columns and shattered arcbcs, that told a tslo of the years that mutt . havo passed over this onoe magnificent dwel ling. We Bpoke in lowored tones, and wo walked with huabed tread through the mumbling Tho bravost of us felt that it would ba out - ' of piaoe to laugh here ; nono of us felt like doubting that some spirit did haunt tho old 1 tower, and I nm certain had a baud of white- robed figures appeared out of tho rains and begun to dance a ghastly, old-time reel, none - - of us would have been in the IeaBt surprised. -' Borne one whispered, / . ' " Jj-t us move on to some place tbat ia not ghost-like," and wo wandered on to an open snaco of ground that tha kindly moon lit ap most beautifully. Here wo all eat down on ebawla and rngB. Aftor a short pause, every ono began talking at onoo, ae if feeling tbe necessity of rousing each othor from the enohsntor'o spell which had fallen upon us. " Don't think any ono wilt go baek to that plaoo at tweivo o'olook," a timid voieo spoke ' ; ont from our circle, and tho remark- wasVtitil-'ri(" / ..owcrod with a' hcaiity laugh and frank oon- fissions that the rniriq and tho ghosts oobld ' havo it all to themselves at that honr for all wo cared ; and to effectually abase away any sombre thoughts that might still be lurking - in' our minds, we turned onr thoughts supper- wards. To alter tho general routine of French picnios, instead of having brought everything oooked and prepared, the gentle men had volunteered betoro leaving home to oook all that we would require. A largo fire was soon started, and. every oue sot to work —tbo ladies to arrange tbo table, tbe gentle men to assort thoir panB and tasserales, and tho servants to assist here, thore, and every where. It was great oport, tbis oooking out of doors at night, with the moon above us like a groat oontral ohondoiier, end the oar- riago-lamps about like eo many firo- flieB at n fairy toast. And such a supper wo eat down- . to I No wonder Frenchmen aro euoh gour met! it they ce.n all master the oulinary art! as perfectly as onr irionds did the other even-! ing. Ohiokon a la Boriidais, crab a la create potatoes a la Jlickelieu, and oystera en tojuilles wore only a few of tbo things tbat mado up a most sumptuous menu. 1 Boms one had brought a guitar, some one else a flute, ond another a violin, and after we had enjoyed ocir repast, the musicians of the pirty suggested nn impromptu dsnoe.j Partners were hastily engaged, and up to the etroko of twelve wo danced on the smooth greonsward to our heart's oontent. Just as tho last notoa of tbo minuto died away, a whito figure appeared on the lower and blow a long and loud blast from a tram- pot, AVe all started to our feet, white with ter ror and epeeohloBS with an untold fear. Bto - it was only my regno of a aouoin who bad1 , played ue this praotioal joko. 