LOCAL AND GENERAL. W«dfi«tday next in proolairaaJ t bank holiday in tbo towns of Lalrobe, Devon- port, and Ulventono, and apabh'o lnliday in theie town«, aa also at Deloraioo, Sbef- field, IlamiUon-oq-Forth, Penguin. Barai;, aid Wynyard. The Moreny Maiioa Boar.) have Ncoivcd a commaaioa:hQ fiotn th» Miuiater for Lands, approving of the acoeptanoo of Mr J. A. Austin's tender ot £865 for the mo tion of a wharf at Bast Dvon,--ort, and urging tbit etpi be taken to tneuro the ar'y ootupUlion of the work. This request, according to the Hoart oirroepondent of a Lannoeatoa papar, is ii oona qarnoa of u Btrong repreientatijna which have been made to the Minister for an early cornplo tion of tho work, ho no to mike the pier tooa." We learn that Mr Austin fig ured tho boird whtn bid tender was accepted that he wonld push on with tho j >b, and haro it completed within four monthi, or under two monthi of the contract time. As Mr Austin ifl well and favorably known to wardens, having carried out with ore lit several contracts for wharveB in varim parts of the Coloay, they have every coifidonctt in his aeeuranco. It is a matte'' for oorjictura as to who mado tho " strong representative " to the Minis tor, as no oouimaaicatfoi has, we are informed by tbo Town Clerk, been cent to Mr Pilliogtr on the subjict by tho Devoiport Town Board, What wardens of the Marine Board aro most annoy id at .is .that the UAaWUr Ota' to gha .mtta eradaaoa.to reports of outsider, who are ahogotber irresponsible, than to the advice tonderod h'ui by the board members, who, indepen- dently of their direot responsibility, are qjitoasMUoh ioterssted in tin progress and prosperity ef tin port over which they have oharge as any outsider can possibly be. Tin rirastto mearires adopted by the Devonport Tewo Board to rsoover oit standing rates bavo been very sioosevful, ai during tho past four days £183 has been reoeivad at tbe board's oflioo, Many of tbe tardy oooe, however, win wero wa:tod on by tin local polios, an viry wrath at tho action of tho board. At a meeting of tbe joint committeo of tbo Devonpoit Town Board and tho Tarle- ton Road Tiust, held at Weet D-venport on T uesday afternoon, it wae reported that fifty eight chains of metalling on the Esplanade road to 8preyton had boen com pleted. Th< only delay was at tbe filling in at the biidge over Ilorschead Creek, bat it was believed that the work woild be pushed on with, and tkaro was every probability of tbo road being r ompleted by the end of tbe year. Ii was decided to call for tendors for soma fencing, and a couple of tma'd a roounte being passed for payment the moeJog olo3ed. We regret to learn that Mr B. W. Thomas, of Applodore, who mat with an acoidsnt some days back by being thrown oit of a vobiole on the Bsplanade, West Davanpirt, is Bofluriog severely from the hoctc to the system, and b's oondition is causing some ansioty to his relatives and friends. Dr Payne is in constant attend ance on tbe afore:, and on enquiry list evening we were inNrmod that Mr Tbomis bad, if anything, slightly improved. Tbe severe 8 alp wounds he had rsoeived .are fast healing, hot, with bis advanced rgs, 83 years, the shook h severe. Thus M Tbo New Z aUn-1 Farmer," rod although the remarks are speoially ad. droisod to tho New Zialand tillers of iha aeii, thty apply whh equal foros to tfal TaHmanlan who gatB his liviae from the soil and who has to compete In the war'd'g markets —Lot farmers always remember that while they oin easily be robbed .by prateotive legislation for the beaafit £ eertain intvroate, tboy can never gain any thing by promotive dutlea upon tho chief preduots of Ihsir induitry, beoaass thcsd ftrn fdf in c.vnnaa /tl IahaI nansnm-is.- tboir rail, is riled by the outside murks t a te which they are exported. By accepting protective legialation professedly on their behalf, whiuh does not protect them, nor riral ecttiera are making it mnre diffionlt for them to oppose pro'entire datioi which not only d» them no good, but aotauliy tax them heavily for tho benefit of partioilar iadividuii lo'.ore-.-t). Aa we have raid on previcue eooeeione, fioo trade Bhould bo tin sheet anoher ot tho farmere' politiosi faith. A meeting is to bs held at Wosley Vale on Saturday to discuss mittors of interest to formers, bnt we are la ignoranoo ef the hoir it which the prsoeedingi are to com mence, A oorrenpondent writ-1 regarding oritii- eon oiovor (trifolhtiu inoarnututu) :— Thte plant atanda almost at tho houd of forego piante. It ie an nnuual, hut In somo cir- oimeiauoes beocmee biennial, and is ix oiilently suited for northern and miiland Tasmania, beiog mnoh grown in midland and eouthern Eogtend on harrowed stabilise to obtaiu an early fodder of gnat fattsn- ing value. It is a Ant-rate aril do for sbaep and cattle, aid I. highly recom mended for preparing ground for potatoes and tnrcips. Iimurtnot be oonfoundod whh red glover, which ban not bnou found to do well in these dletrlota. Crimson olover ie a dietinot variety. It would pay our farmore to try this fodder plant, and eo add to th. rathor small varisly of olovore in our paetu'ei. If dairying and took fattening are to pay, the moet nutritions and froa growing niovora nnd graisee must ho Bought for, and this olover Banns to be one of them, At the KubI Davonport Polios Court yietordav, beforo P. 0. Uaxwelt, Etq- PM., end J. Powoll, Eiq, J. P., William Tbompien prooeeded again.', Itiohard J- Bea.mont on a chargo sf trespass. Mr L. Mo ro appsaro.l for th complainant, but defendant wae not represented by oouusol. xuo aureaunnc pisiuou gai.iy, nau run uu bad left a message to be delivered to Mr Tbompien, asking to be allowed to piaco his horse ia a paddock belonging to him fer a night. Mr Moors elated that the charge wae laid under tho IrospasB to Linda Aot, I8S2. It waa not tho first time defondant bed turned liis horee into the paddock, and when eaight in the act said he had triepateed previously. The onmplainant was reserving tho paddock for fatteniog stank, The prsotioe of lurniog animals in!o ths paddock had boon going on for seme time, with the result that complainant had been a oonaiderabio loser, and if it went on it wonld ruin his Imiotres. Tbo charge amounted to larotny of grass, and ha would aek ths Benoh to impoBo a eilstautial fine. Tho Beach osntioned defendant, end inflicted a fine of 10 1 and costs, aiuoontiog in nil to £1 lfi. 61, ir, in dotau't, fou teen days' imprison ment. At th.< Ulvenitono Polios Court on Teee. day, beforo A. K. Chapman, 15tq, B. M., and B. Phillips, Esq J.P., Mary lladford, vuoiguu wiiii tv puma uwi wi.im. iq sohnol tho roqn'iillo numbar of days, pleaded guilty. A fine of 2), and 8i cot'a, wae imposed. Peter Jnpp, jun, similarly obarged, ploadsd glilty, and was fiasd 2s and 8< ooits. A eiight aooident lnpponol to Mr T. Ook'rby, of West Davonport, on Tnesiay afternoon. Bo wis driving along the Latrobs road to East Davonpnri, an i when between Messrs Maoifnid and Twibeil's propsttirs the pooy ebied at eetns new pasts, and one of I he wheels of tbe light vehiolo wont down a bank, overtiming the oart, and throwing th. oronpsnt out. Mr Ookerby foil on bia left arm, and strained tbe mueoiei. Tho oart was th , pooy unhurt. Those who contemplate life nsonranoe are reminded by en advortisement ia anotbsr oolnmn that poltoies tlfroteri in the Australian Matutl Provident Society before tbe end ot tho year participite in the division of hoonsoi, whioh takes place en Deoember 31. Aocording to the very liberel oondiiinos of the eociety, a policy new i-sued, and on whioh a yearly i rsminm has been paid, will be entitled to a fit' year's bin us, and it tbo premium is paid half-yearly, a half-year's bontti will be added, and eo on. All bonnees vest ire- mediately a poliey has been in foroo fur two years. The reversionary bonssa- show wenderful proportions to the amount paid. For instance, t policy holder pays in ono proinism on £250 seeared, £5 17s 9d, and ths boons on that policy is £3 18s Various other striking cxump'cs, and the amount of cash bonusss paid since th formation of ths rool.ty, which are to be found in Utiilar farm it the advertise ment, will no doubt prevo interesting. Th bieiness of the society has increased rapidly, an l it now holds the proud position of being the lea 'tog lifo asairanoe com pany in the Australasian colonise. The Nortb-Weetorn dietriot olBoe iB in Stewart street, Wait Davonport, under the ohtrgo of the diitriot secretary, Mr 0. W. Liadloy. The Qore osrrotpond -nt of " The Now Z inland Farmer " writes Tit i potato diseasa is becoming too wall known ltera The finer varieties are most effected. A| first I wae undsr the improssisn that it waR only prcduisd hy extra dos'ng with aiao£ and urtifioiil minurss, but from repeated trials in otese of land dunged en the s'.ubb'o aid plongbid ia, dang ia drills, and no dang at all, I find it there all the urns, an i to all appea-anoes it has come to etop. AI | varietits eeetn to bo liable, and the lirgor tiberisnota bit worse than hiB emails r brother. In fie case ot some of Findley's new hybrids which are being propagatod here the brcwa epot his not y.t bsen lees, but ae theie aro all potatoes of Buporior quality there is little ohanoe of their esoape. Aethers is no inducement to gs iu for planting lit potato furthor than for eup? plying hie own wsnls, the farmer will not feel the loss on this crop to any perceptible extent, but tbe potato patch will be held in a smaller estimation than ever by Ih man who balievos in mixed farming. a. stumer nameu itioumona isrittoa committed rniolde on Thursday near Gin Gin, in the Bundabsrg diitriot, Qaeensisnd, in tbe preisnce of hie ego) father, who was inable to prevent the deed. Ths deoeased had shewn symptoms if insanity aeveral timet daring the day and endeavored to kill himself, bit wae prevented. Evectcally he suited a rep., ran into the eorib, followed by hii father sllmbed a large tree, tied one end of tbe rope to a branch 16ft from ths ground, and tho other and round his neck. The father below was nnabio to olitnb the tree, and implored his eon not to kill himself- He took no heed, and when the preliminaries wen arranged, jamped off the branob, dislocated hit neck, and died instantly. : A fine Ayrshire ccw. th- property of Mr A. H Brigg". wae f cu d dead on hie form belwoou Fpreyton and tha Dou tho alitor morning. The animal had evidently been bitten bj a enako, as an oxamluatbn revnalsd u- mptoms of poisoning. Tho Altornoj -Gsneral (says "The Mor- enry ") hse had undsr l.ii consideration tin request of 'ho Launceslo.i Chamber of Ooramoroo for farther legislation on tiie i.iil.j -ot of bills of sale, ths repult of the dissatisfaction foit in the North owing to the noont decision in Dpirrow v. Walker, Tbo law ae it at present etonde It to the offuot that a bill ot .alo is ooly good in tiol) a oaso if the holder has taken poas»B- Hton uudor It ; until ho hae dona that h ie liable to bs defoatod at any time, so lit t 'f he wishes to protoot him toiC he must pat in a man and esiao. Tho Lanooseton chamber, as expressed by Mr Itcblnion'i remarks at last wenk's msetiag, seotns tu have beon andcr a mlsapprcbens'on on this point, thinking that tho itolder of a bill o Balo wcild be in th same good position as a judgmvnt orcditer, but that would only hold good if >10 hid soiztd and taken pos session under hit document. IE lie, having suiz id, wont oat and lot someone else in, hi wou'd ho in no better po- ilion than any law, with tbo view of giving ths holder of a bill of eaio additional pewits, it is ovidort that the Attorney-General dose not viow tho proposal with any degree of eatisfao- t'on, for such a change would, Its holds, be at variaoco with legislation in ovcry otker part of tho British Empire. Baw- ver, Mr Clatk lias promised to give the point further th'ught, the result of which, if in any way favrriMe to his correspond ents, will bi embodied in a bill to he broaght before Parliament next session. Tho following returns from potato crops in Scotland are a striking contrast to tha mi-or.tble prio is obtainable by growers in tbis Oniony of late. A farming journal says : — " Two sa'.e ot growing potatoes in Melroea dietriot bavo lately taken pLou, and taki g quality ot crop into ainai-dor- tion, tho prioos compared favo-ably with last year. For a fl'ld in Mstroae Anna-/, Mr Kr.kino got nearly £25 por aco. Mr T. Nicho), Darnitk, sold a fisld of very oarly potatoes at prioos rathor in ex idbs of thssc figures." At the annaal session of tho Banlist Dniou last week (eays a Molb'urni payor), tha Rev W. Gollor (Now South Wales delegate) rend a paper on " The Training of Local Prea.'lirs Eeshlial to Church Extons'on." Be contended that, consider ing how fsw cosntry congregation) were able to maintain a.paator, a system of nnpai 1 preaching wae indhpensahln, and to make it successful a line ot sotinn in advance of the existing ono must ba adopted. Thro wae n want ot materia', but there must be more training, and ha advocated > pan acoording to which expBrianoe in tho Sunday soh.ol nnd tho cltn-oh would ho the first prepare'ioo, the second to bo study oarriod on by ths hest available means. Prinolpal Whitby ro.r«.i'ut,ii;H.)'nui»M -- M.— - strain, pointing out that angrammatiosl speaking wan often a -sad hindrance to nsofnlneii. Ba rofnrred tn the tralninrr nf lay readers in the Ohnreh at England, and the notion of ths Baptist Ch 'relies in Eng land and Amerioa ae an example to be followed. Mr 0. Garter contended that looil preaohora need not bt ednoat'd a long as they wero filled wl'h tbe Iloly Ghost, end other kind ed argnminta were offored; Bep'ying to the vote of thanks unanimously accorded him, the Rv W Osller warned hi heareta not to make th esis one of odinalion versa) the ' Holy Ghost, for it was oertaln tint the Lord did not dea're ignorance in bil proaohsra. Fiction mast once miri bow its diinioiihed head, it the horrik'e stiry he true wlii;h onmos from Basnos Ayrea. It not, than good bye to car Oonan Doylos end givo us Buones Ajre«(«ayd "Ths Pull Mall Gizetto "), A atrtain Professor Beauregard of that olty wat in ths liable ef giving soloct little dinneta, tho partakers whereof invariably died some hoHblo doath within twenty four bcurs afterwards- But no trace of poison oould over b foaud, as tbo osu res of death wore always zymatio disai8.it. At length however, he was arrested on suspicion and t-isd. The caes was on tire poiat of. breakiog down for want of avidrece when np apoke the professor's bailor. Ho had eeoa him an one ocoaaion, after the ooffes waa broight in, retire to hie laboratory and bring down a block of i:e, whioh was served with tha liqiere. A little ot this ioe was left, and tbe butler kept it. Finding that i( developed e foul o loar, bs took it to a ohemiat, who prcnoanosd .it to bs a ll'irg mm ot cboiora gcrma. Tbe profsesor bad been experimenting in physiological bsotorlology upon bit own gueete. Tbo railway urraogamsn'l for tho axe men's sports to bo held at Ulverstine on Wednesday and Thursday will bo found in another oo'nmn. Ample facilities are afforded, and a vory low tsriff his boen decided on by tbs department. Etch day, in addition tn tbe ordinary service, a epeclal train will leave Bsilion for Diver- atone at 9 a m,, passing Lstrobs at 9.25, and Davenport at 9 54 On W.dnoadsy, trains retire from Ulvaratone to Lsunres- ton at 6 p m., and Ulverstono to Rsilton at 10 pgr., stopping at way stations in oacu case, un xnuratay tuero win na a late train from Ulveritone at 10 p.m. running as far se Bailton. The oheap far tickots (3s and 2s from K'mberiey, Bail- ton, and Dulverton ; 2t and le 6d from Latrobs, Tarletop, and Spreyton ; and Is and 9i from Davonport and L'lliop) will ba avaiiablo for return by any train np to tbo excursion leaving Olvoraloon at &A0; p.m. on tbo Banday night. Gompatitore bavo tho privilege of the obeip fares from Tuesday, on pro taction nf a certificate from tho mansger of tbe Axemen's Aeso- oiitiou. Mr G. Atkinson's neutl monthly stack sale At Slufiia'd bis been postponed till Tuesday, Dsoember 4. Tbe Latrobi sale will be held on Wednesday. \- . a - Ths Wo-.iliury Bhow wee hold yoslorduy, but tiie fixtnro lioing satrooly known on tho Oiail, only a co tele ot pasasngera te.k advantage of tit. liberal concessions af forded on tlrn railway! to attend. A special sitlieg of tho Oonrt of Bequests will bo bold nt East Dor or port to-morrowt when tbo adj nunid Jesse, W. A. Blaoketti trusteo in llru c-elalo of F. A. Libert, v. Oaptein J. Itcid will come on tor hairing. La t year, on tho first day nf tie nxe_ men's aycrts, many ptraotte wanted to pur. chase members' tickets, as boing tho oheap-. st way of ccoing tbo arorta. They were rofu i-d, however, tnd te prov.nt similar nliappoiiitm-.nl tuts year tr ia not fill that tioketo mast be obtained not latsr iltsu Tuced.y from tbo secretary, who will bo at O'Mtsra'e Bo'ol from ab ut 1 o'olock to-day, The Borvioce of Mr J. Oobbctt, of Long ford, tbe hist prof (salens! starter in the North, Itav bcon cngtged by the Lstrebe A'hlstio Oiuhforthe Boxing Day sports, so that ranners may be assured that tltey will get fair p'ay. The Bt Leonard'! Sports' Committee lmo altered their fix ture, so as not to claeb with Lttrobe. A nuutbor of tbo Viitorian axomen Itave arrived for the epoitj next wsok. Bryan, Smndlv. Brain, and nlhnra are loo-ted at Leary'e Hotel, Lalrobt, and tbe trie are looking well. A uurabir of moo are bn»y trimming the blooks, Ao, at Dlveretono. Tbs trial of Mnrtba Voonell for tho murdor of hsr a>n, E lit, at Marrhor ugh (Vic), woe conoluded no Friday. Tho Judge euunnad up ontiro'y in the prisoner's fsver, and tbo j try during the luucheon hour arrived at u vc-rdiot of not guilty. TUo programme of tbe ooncort to b> h!d in the Formby Hall this ovoniog in aid of tbo funds of tbe Mersey Regatta will bo found in onr advortiiing eoi -mas It comprises eixteou items, in rinding tltreo gloiB, wbi ill, we are told, will be a p'os-'n r feature in tbo bill of fire, and as .ho eoloista are nil oapable, tn I establish «l favorites, tho ltegatta funds ehouhl roclv a lift from the oenoert. Wo aro glud tu see that the Gt-nnral Maua'gir of ths Gevornment Uii- w-y. i» continuing the cheap Sunday trips from Launoentoa to UlvotBtonr. The ono run last Banday w<ek was a phenomenal duo- OiSB, ehr a iug that tbe Bunday train ff r .'e an opncrlunitv to msnv for a day' ontinu who cannot avail tb-mielvia of any other day for tho parpen, On Bunday wuek I oboap train will leavo Lsinoestau for Glvorstone, pas-icg Rsilton at 12.10 pm, Lstrobo at 12 33. and Dsvonpirt at 12 55, returning from Uivorstone at 5.30 p.m. Paisengcre may alight from tr juia the train at Raiit-in, Lttrobs, Davonport, or Ulvoretono, tbo fires being a follow: — Frcm Haillon to L.trobe, 2 end 1 1 4 J ; from Bail'oa to D ivonport, 2s and 1s 61 ; from Rsilton to Ulvor- elone, 3t and 2s. From Lutrobo to Devonpert, Is 9J arid Is 2d ; from Latrobe to Dlvcratcno, 2a and is 6 1 ; from Dcvon- por: to Ulvcrstone, 2) and Is 6 1 The obtap tiip tickets are available for tbo day -« 1,, firts iEsued on either the Batu-day er Bunday will bs available for return up t the following Monday. Peiaoncora shoild note (hit the Buitdty train doSB net stop at oither Hpr.iylon, 'i'-rloton, Dulvarlon Little Hampton, Wilmuro I Lane, or Breadalbsnc on -i'.her journey. The programme for the oencerte to bo held at Ulvoretono on Wednesday and Tltareday evenings, i t aid of tbe funds of tbo Ax-.meu'a Aesroiation, will be found eisswbere. Moot variol and lengthy bills will be presonted each cveniog, bat not withstanding thit latter faot the ooncerta will oloso iu ample time lo allow vieitore to catch tho lat- train for Rsilton and way stations. Wo are aiksd to stato that, in order to ochiovo this, each coneort will oommenoo >htrp to time, aad there will hi no iufrmifition oa oither ovsning. SJMr H. A. Pratt will hold Mb Devonpert stock sale to-dsy. On Wednesday, Diosmesr 12, Mr G urgo Atkinson will eibmit lo competition, at bis mart, the vaiiablo Harbonrne Estate ointsining eerao 1045 acres, situate at Wbitefoord Hill, and ail) 420 acres ot land eitnato at the jonctlon on th Mcreiy road. Both properties ere for abso'u sals. Tho anneincoment of Mr M. D. Heitley, draper and slothlsr, ot Latrobe and Ulvar. tone, nsntlly appearing on our third page, will be found o our foirth pge to-day 