The Storyteller. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] The Exile's Daughter (A NOVEL), BY JOSEPH HATTON, Author of "By Order of the Czar," "Cruel London," "Three Recruits," "Under the Great Seal," &c.;, &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. CHAPTERS I. and II.—The story opens amongst the " God's Factory" people at Castleton, a little democratic community. Jessop Blythe, one of the masters recently married, and with, one infant child and an adopted son, a lad named Tregarron, is banished from the community for his dissipated habits, and he leaves Caßtleton, bargaining that his place Bballbe taken by Tregarron. This is agreed to, and as he leaves the locality ho is accosted by a friend, Zodack Bradford, who tells him that he might have made his fortune there if he had drank water instead of alcohol. Chapter lll.—Jessop Blythe calls upon his brother Scarthinat the Travellers' Rest, a deserted public-house near Winnatts- Pass. Scarthin has a crime on his soul in the murder of a bank clerk who along with himself had robbed tho bank. Scarthiu had killed him in the Pass, and his brother Jeßsop had been an unwilling witness of the deed.. Jeasop obtains a mortgage from his brother, which he had deposited as security for money lent* and this is burnt. They quarrel, and Jeasop leaves him on the floor aftei a straggle. He goes on his way. A verctiot of "Accidental death" is returned at the inquest on the-'dead clerk. Meanwhile Scarthin prospers and waves rich, while Adser, his niece, Jessop's child, grows up beautiful, witty, and honest. , Chapters IV. and V.—Twenty years aftqr the banishment of Jessop Blythe, Lewis Tregarron, now a grown man, and one of the masters of " God's Factory," meets Mr. Lathkill in the village inn. Lewis, through his adyooaoy of tho claims of Wales, has oome to be called the " Member for 'Wales." Lathkill is a gentleman of ease and means, and an intimacy springs up between the two. The story of Jessop Blytho and lus banish ment is told to Mr. Lathkill by Lewis. Ckapteb VI. and VII. —Geoffrey Lathkill, who is a well-to-do Bohemian, travelling in Derbyshire for pleasure and change, receives a letter of intro duction from the Dake of Devonshire to visit the various caverns of interest in the vioinity of the Paak, .and comes ooroas Adser Blythe, who proceedß to show him the Devil's Cavern of the Peak, ChAPTEB VIIL-—COPID ON THB BA.NKB 09 THB Styx. Geoffrey suddenly foond himself itt the dm senoe of a massive rook, with a gray front that was wrinkled with time-worn farrows, bat variegated with straggling vegetation and farther adorned with flowers that waved gently to and fro in. the glowing August air. The. sky was perfectly clear above, and against it like a finishing decoration of the enormoug rook was a fringe of Btunted trees in artistio outline. In the centre of this pile of limestone there spread oat on either hand a stupendous arch way. It might have been the portal of Borne wondrous temple that had been dedicated^ to the gods in the days when suoh deities abonnded. Or to seek for a more familiar similarity it might . have been the western front of an anoient cathedral, smitten with age and worn oat of all semblance to any dis tinotive order of architecture. Again, to range the fancies of fiction, it might have been the cave of a magician; for at the very entrance there were files of strange uncanny looking poles—or "standards" as they are technically called—with ci'osa-like and angular beams from whioh swung ropes with pendants hanging from them, suggesting gibbets; not' realistic gibbets suoh aa one recalls'aa land-* marks in the criminal history of the country, bat such as a witch or wizard might have set upas the gruesome ornaments pta dark and weird retreat. '•-.•'•• Geoffrey saw that these gallows-like erections were repeated right and left running away into, shadow. There were also wooden guides for rope 3 and twinos, made strangely picturesqne wiih incidents of great twine drums, and wheels of smaller dimensions. Presently enter ing the cavern he became one of a crowd of people; all busy exoopt himself, no witbhes or magicians, but simple ropemakers plying their trade; a most remarkable sight, he thought, and impressive as it was remarkable. He observed that the factory was cut off from a higher path by posts and rails; and in a corner on his right was a wooden hut, a roofed in shanty, at the door of which stood his guide, Adser Blythe. Pausing to take in the general soene, he recognised the girl as its leading figure. The very composition of her surround ings gave her the foremost place in the fore ground. She was the one tender bit of colour, it would be no exaggeration to say that she was indeed the one sweet bit of humanity in the picture. This i 3 no disparagement of the women and girls down below her in the ropery; for they no longer belonged to the scene in which Adser was the leading actress. They were out off from the jiath to the inner cavern, and the light of the entrance fell upon her in a slanting beam as a very deftly arranged, shaft of limelignt in a theatrical scene might have rested upon the heroine of a play. Adser Blythe was a young woman who would ■ have challenged yonr attention wherever you might have seen her; but here in this strange place she gave a feminine touch to her grim environment that was peculiarly charming. Mr. Jerry Bray was quite right about her taste in dress, or her instinct, one might better say, for the attire that suited her best, not alone in the matter of personal appearance, bat as regarded the work she bad to perform; for she was a person of many duties. She not only acted as guide to the cavern, but, always the first to rise at the Lapidary's Cottage, she made the fire, got breakfast ready, and frequently took charge of the Museum, let alone having to take mis cellaneous lessdns from Zodack Bradford. On summer days she helped a friendly farmer in the hay field, was a good hand at wheat harvesting, though there was very little corn \- growing in the Peak. She had also oceafionaj fltß of rambling about the. hills, and would < bring home trophies of all kindß, oats', berries, ' flowers, and geologioail Bpeoknenß, <'Borne ;of ' which Zodaok would polish tor her and wn mortalise. Now and then she would be away for many hoiire, and return home through the cavern when they thought she. bad already i left that mysteriotw ootlntry Underground. Adser knew more about the Devil's Cave than ■ all the- historians, geologists, and mining engineers put together; bat at present that is her secret. On this August afternoon Gaoffrey Lathkill took especial note of her as sHe stoo3 within the light near the keeper's hut. She was above the medium height of woman. Her head was bare of hat or bonnet. It was well poised upon her shoulders that were broad but sloping. Her hair was roughly hound up into a knot in her neck. It was a dolL red, and there was a crispnera in it that betokened a tendency to earl. It was slightly parted, in the middle, and came down low upon .an open though closely knit forehead. Her eyes ware a deep blue with dark, brows and lashes, and her faoe had the paleness that is often seen with red hair, though in her ease it had none of the waxy appearance that goes with freckles. It was a genuine oomplexion that many ladies in sooiety endeavour to imitate with bismuth and other artificial washes. The girl's lips were rnddy and her teeth white. Her mouth was a good tempered mouth. It laughed easily, was sensi tive also to a pitiful story, but with a certain firmness that might justly inspire trust and confidence. Her chin was very different in contour from .that of our friend Tregarron; it waa broad, and at the same time round, not a. prominent chin such as certain modern painters. of classic figures love to depict, but a lovable, human, honest chin, belonging to a- real womanly face, with a nose not too perfect, having the faintest suggestion of the retrousse, and yet not without dignity; one of those noses in short that women get old gracefully with, not too prying a nose, not the nose that is eternally poking into other people's business; a nose that was perfectly in harmony with the frank, open, laughing faoe of one' of the loveliest creatures that Geoffrey Lathkill thought he had ever seen. Adser was dressed in a brown »erge bodice and skirt, showing a neat pair of ankles in blue woollen stockings, and an equally neat pair of feet in strong tennis shoes. Her dress was slightly open at the neok, and she wore a soft white kerohief. Her waist was loosely clasped by a brown leather belt, fastened with • silver buckle, a present from Zodaok Brad ford, who bad bought it from a dealer, who in his ■ torn had bought it from an old woman, who had taken it from the clasps of an old Bible. Geoffrey did not know this until later; but it ia jort as well to mention the faot in this plaoe. The general effect of Adaer on the not too susceptible male mind would be that of a fine, healthy, good-natured, handsome girl; and this was the effeot on the mind of Geoffrey Lathkill on his first introduction to her at the cottage, but here, in the Devil's Cavern, and with the tnusio of God's faotory in hia ears, she seemed to him comething strange and altogether unusual in her beauty. He was artist enough to know that allowance had to be made for accessories; had he not exhibited more than - onoe at the Academy, and was he not often seen at the Salon ? But there was something so fine, so innocent, so fearless, so noble in the expression of the countenance generally that later in the day he began to question himself concerning the sensations of what is oalled love at first sight. It was as if he was awakening from a dream when Adser said, " Now, sir, wil\ you come ? Have you anything you would like to leave in the office?" 41 Is:this the oflice?" asked Gaoffrey, looking into the hu>. 44 Yes,'the visitors' book's in there, and, visitors pay for admission, and sign their names, but Mesker Muoklethorpe says you're-' not to be charged, and he's waiting for us yonder." . . She pointed to the dark end of the ropewalk, where a small door was open, and a light-could be, seen glimmering afar oil. ' Geoffrey, as he followed his guide, observed that not only waa she beautiful but that hor voice was not the uneduoated voice that had struck him as characteristic of most of the ordinary classes of the Peak people. While aha was not altogether without a dialeot, she spoke with a good selection of. words., and.she pronounoed mo3t of them correctly. The breadth that she allowed to her vowels and her occasional use of thou and th.cc seemed to add distinction to all she said. Considering that Geoffrey had conversed with women of all classes, colours, and nations, it was odd that he should travel into this humble corner of Derbyshire to find what to his mind waa an ideal beauty in the guide to a show-cavern, and the daughter of a drunken ropemaker. Thrusting a lighted candlo in his hand the nimble-footed guide the next moment stood, on a projection of rook above him, and oracularly announoed that this was one of the largest known caverns in the world, extending up wards of two thousand two. hundred feet into the mountain, and dipping to six - hundred below its Bummit, the grand natural archway forming the entrance being forty-two feet high , and one hundred and twenty wide. Guides, animate and inanimate, take delight always in figures. Adser Blythe had learnt the lesson from her predecessor. The original story had oome down from the most primitive guides to (4 the Bhe native of the place," who led Thomas Hobbes, of Malmesbury, through the cavern some two hundred odd years ago. It is not a little curious that in his day the guide should have been a handsome girl, Who with her stately foot and accent clear As guide emboldens us with many a cheer. Tradition and usage are everything in the Peak. A girl was among the guides who piloted Queen Victoria through the cavern before her Majesty's marriage, and rowed her over the dark waters of the Derbyshire Styx while a brass band played "God Save the Queen." It would interest her Majesty in these latter days to hear her faithful jubjects in (he Peak tell strangers all about this great event; how the Queen Btooped with the rest under the dark subterranean arch, and lay down, 'like any other mortal whilo the boat was (ashed, through the tsonel into the semi darkness beyond. ♦• Follow me, please," said Adser Blythe as she dashed ahead of the enraptured visitor to emerge into &• first spaciouß opening of the cavern. •' This," said Adser in her oracular manner, "IB called the Bell House ; on the other side of this spaoioas hall, and which we shall orou, is a stream of water fourteen feet in width. This used to be traversed in a boat. Visitors had to lie flat on their backs while it was rowed through. There was first a low arch to go under; . you had to crawl through it. Her Majesty. Queen Viotoria when she visited the Peak inspected this cavern and made the ex cursion beneath the archway, and in the boat over what is called the river Styx. If you hold your light down you can see the remains of the old boat in whioh the Queen was ferried." Geoffrey lowered his guttering double candle and noted the decaying timbers of a punt. Turning to make a remark, he saw his guide's light some distance ahead. He heard her say "be careful, bend your head," and when he had done so he was in another spacious* open ing, having a roof that was black with weird Bhadows. " This magnificent hall," said the guide, whose face was illuminated by the light of a candle held above her head, "is two hundred and twenty feet in length, two hundred broad, and a hundred and twenty feet high. The Bound you hear is that of the river that takes its rise in this stupendous aavern, and is the ohief water supply of Castleton. In wet and stormy weather it rises to a great height, com pletely filling the oavern and rendering it wholly impassable, leaving behind a deposit of mud or fine sand suoh as you will observe on either side of you embanked. It is this fine material that lapidaries use for their best work in polishing. This opening is called ' The Grand Saloon,' or * Pluto's Hall,1 and if you will put out your light and stand where you are for a minute you shall see it illuminated," where upon she pursed her lips and whistled a signal to " Mester Muoklethorpe," who was waiting in a well-chosen corner with a pan of blue fire.. Before Geoffrey could pay Adser the oompli mejit that was on his lips she had blown out her candle and disappeared, her, voice, as it oommanded "put out your light, please," rounding afar off, though it was only a few feet above him. When all of a sadden the subterranean hall was illuminated Geoffrey saw a wild excavation with natural steps here and there and pieces of rook and stalactites in impressive confusion, and a broken roof that appeared to have- no end. The blue fire with its illuminated smoke being extinguished, Adser was by his side. Ho did not know it until he heard her voice. " Let me light your candle, please," she said. She little dreamed to what extent she had lighted the candle of his imagination and how brightly it was burning, how it flashed up when she spoke, how entranoed he was under the spell of her voice in this strange subterranean world. " Oh, thank you," was all he could say at . the moment as Adser atruok a oomroon luoifer matoh and relighted the two candles, whioh he carried like a cheap toroh. " Follow me, please," she said. " I certainly will/ he answered, " but wait one moment." " There is no danger," she said, "it is all plain sailing now." " But there is much danger," said Geoffrey; " where did you get that soft sweet voice ?" Adser was aocustomed to compliments, and from the moment that she had thought Geoffrey ~was quizzing her she had kepi a cheok upon her words and manner* though «he hai been very oareful In her pronunciation— her elocution, as Zodaok Bradford namod it— on this special occasion as rnuoh in honour of the Duka's letter as for the reason that she bad an instinctive desire to please the dis tinguished-looking young feljow with whom at first she was inolined to gossip and chat in her most free and easy manner. Her only response to Geoffrey's question about her voice was her signal whistle to Muoklethorpe, a little trill of a few notes that went echoing through the oavern like the cry of a bird. In response Geoffrey saw tiny lights appear one after the other like tbo lamps of a dim city in zigzag fashion, one here another there, and then in rows as you may see the ga3 lamps shimmer when the lamp-lighters are busy in tho wintry quarters of an old town. Adser went on with her tiny flame as if to join in this.pretty twinkling of lamps, presently, however, to pause and announce the next feature of interest. " This is Roger Bain's house, so called from the continual dripping of water which you notioe ; but we will continue please, you won't like to be kept standing in the wet." This last remark was made by way' of apology as she passed to the " Chancel" and " Orohestra." " Some folk calL it the ohanoel only; and what they call the orchestra I call the choir. Give me your hand." Once (more she was by his Bide, he hardly knew how, and she was leading him to a point where he could best see the natural beauties of the place known as the Viotoria Hall; and Adser knew more about it and the strange placo and the strange headways and- incidents of the upper strata of the rook than any other living soul. Many a search had been made by engineers, antiquarians, friends of Muokle thorpe, and agents of the Duke of Devonshire to find the secret way that it was said had existed between the Castle of Peveril and the Devil's Hole; but none of them had pene trated to a point that Adsor knew; and Muoklethorpe always declared that the men in armour in the old days would never have gone further than the rock under which the Queen had been conducted and oat on the other side ■ upon an underground river. Adser, by the way, had forgotten to inform Mr. Geoffrey i Lathkill that the rook had been blasted for a i passage way since the Queen's girlhood. The i cave was too full of ghosts and devilries', ; Mucklethorpe argued, in the days when men- fought in metal coats for any of Peveril's men to have persevered into the furthest recesses of the Devil's Hole with the awful sound of underground rivers and fiends' oaldrona in their ears. "They worked a way into the oavern 1" he would say soornfully; " might as nrell say they took a bath in bottomless pit of. Speedwell mine where the river out o' Devil's Hole falls like ten thousand oatterax, and into whioh miners for years and years chucked their stuff, thousands o' tons, and not made a jot o' difference. The recolleotions of Muoklethorpe as the guide set Adser off into a little fit of merry laughter that sounded almost uncanny in the dark passage they were threading, with here and there about them the plash of many waters. "I must oome one day and hear him," Geoffrey replied. " Do, it is as good as a Punoh and Judy show," said Adser, adding in another tone of voice altogether, " Thi3 spot is called the Devil's Hole"—projecting her candle into the entrance of a dark cavity—"and now wo are coming to the Halfway House. Stand here and Muoklethorpe will light it up." £he whistled, and almost at once the plaoe was aglow with blue fires and red, to be followed . by intense.dankness. "You whistle wonderfully," said Gooffrey, but there was no response to his remark. Adser had disappeared. She not only knew the oavern by heart but could run every step of it blindfolded, and she was as light of foot as a gazelle. " Stay where yon are one moment," she said, and bounding down a deep descent, her light in her hand, she made Geoffrey's toroh twinkle onoe more, and, remarking " Now we oome to the finest site of all," took bold upon the sleeve of his ooat and led him forward. " You are the finest sight of all I have seen yet," said Geoffrey, beginning to feel once more at home with the girl. " Oh, I dare say," she answered with a laugh. "I am in earnest," said Geoffrey. " Of oourse you are," she answered in a tone of banter. . "Now yon are going to whistle for the lights," he said. "Don't for a moment. I like your whistle in itself, bat I prefer te hear you talk, and when you whistle you go off and leave me." They were pushing their way over a rough path, oroßsipg narrow, branohes of the Styx, and shouldering mighty banks of detritu*, and ever.ahead of them now glittered and twinkled, and went out, and reappeared the toroh of Mucklethorpe, the dtut machina of the illu minatory effects which Adset loved to whistle up, like the stage manager giving signals to the -prompter for rising curtains. < "But talking is wasting the old man's time, and there may be other visitors that want to see the place, and you've got it all to yourself, because you know the Duke. Have you been staying with the Duke?" she asked, her inquisitiveness ooming to Geoffrey's conversa tional assistance. " Yes, I've been shooting at Chatsworth, or, rather, over the Stanage moors, with a party— tho Duke and his friends." " Have you indeed ? It's a grand plaoe, Chatsworth! I can't think how folks can make up. their minds to live in it though. I oouldn't for shame sit down and eat my dinner with all those grand piotures looking on, and taking aohair among such splendid things! How did you feel like in that dining-room ? But there, I dare say you're used to that kind of living." " Oh no, I am not," said Geoffrey, " though I have seen life of that kind, and visited at palaces in all parts of the world." " Have you now!" she remarked, pausing to look at him, "but have you ever seen anything M grand as Chatsworth ?" " Well, yes, I think sQt.-but as you say it is a yery beautiful place." ' "Did you see that table that's made of Blue John ? Eh, bat that's a wonder! Zodaok says. it's worth an awful lot of money, because you -see Blue John mine is getting worked out. Zodaok's made things that's prettier to look on, I think, and, after all, what a thing's worth isn't all the world, is it?" " No," said Geoffrey, " there are many lovely things that are not of intrinsic value." " Cum, cam, Adser Blythe," said a voioe from a remote point above them, "doan't waste gentleman's toime, cos I want to hey him see V oavern from end t' end." "-Very well," shouted Adser in reply, " get your fires ready." " Is that old Maoklethorpe ?" asked Geoffrey. " Yes," said Adser, starting on ahead, " you see we are going to take you to the river at the end; we don't show ordinary folk more than the Viotoria Hall. And this is it, you can breathe again here; pat oat yoar light." " Bat don't go away," said Geoffrey, " old Maoklethorpe wants no help." ."Very well," said the girl, and Geoffrey notioed that there was quite a musical cadence in the way in which she. let fall those often used, conceding, and conciliating words, "Very, well." It was her " Yes," her general afflrma . live, and Geoffrey was not the first who had noticed the music of it. While Geoffrey was thinking of this sweet " very well," Adser let off her sibylant signal; this time it was a kind of military call, a whist ling revellie, " in honour of the Queen," as she Baid laughingly in reply to a remark that she bad different signals. " Exouse me one minute," she said, darting up a steep declivity as the Bengal fires began to expose in brilliant hues the lurid crags of this vast stony apartment named after the Queen in honour of her girlish visit to the cavern. Nature has constructed the place entirely of limestone. The strata are rife with marine remains intersected with chert. When lighted it has been likened to a scene from Dante'B Inferno. Away up among the crags that stood oat in the smoky light of distant fires Geoffrey saw Adser by the side of another figure. He was rather reminded of Goethe than of Dante, Adser looked like Marguerite on the Brooken, Mucklethorpe like one of its evil spirits. Geoffrey shuddered at the passing thought, and said, " God forbid that she should ever meet suoh a fate!" And as the sadden prayer dropped from hia lipa he was once more ia darkness, through whioh, however, oame the oheerfnl voice of his guide. " That was fine, wasn't it?" "Indeed it was," he answered, and she once more stood by bis side as if she bad swung herself down from a mountain gorge. " The spot you are standing on is where Queen Victoria stood when the band up yonder played the Old Hundredth. I've often thought it must have been grand to hear them playing that fine old hymn to the Queen of England." Adser was unbending onoe more under the courtly and respeotful manner of her visitor. " It must have been very fine," said Geoffrey as his eyes wandered to the furthermost end of the chancel whera a row of candles marked the locality of what Adser called the choir, but what was generally known as the Orchestra. "Thank you, Mr. Mucklethorpe," said Adser, and at onoe the lights began to disap pear, and Adser walked a little way in front of the visitor. " Do you often make these journeys through the cavern ?" Geoffrey asked in something ot a sympathetic tone. "Oh yes, many a time a day, when the ezoursion folk throng upon us," she said. " Don't you get very tired of it ?" " No, it amuses me. Besides, I'm paid for it. Old Mucklethorpe is a decent sort; and you see I am not obliged to do it; I just please myself, not like his daughter as had to do it whether she felt like it or not. Muoklethorpe has to be guide himself sometimes ; you should hear him I" "Ia he funny?" " Bather. He goes at it as if he was having a row with folks. He dosen't mean it, of course; he's rather amiable than otherwise; gives folks things; gathers mushrooms, never eats them himself; I believe he is a downright good man old Muoklethorpe.' . "I'm glad to hear it; he gave me some mushrooms." "Did he, though? Well, that is curious, and you'd only just seen him." " No, but wnere are you going now ?" " Oh, a little further; stoop !" "To conquer ?" said Geoffrey, bending his head, and following his guide. " Folks have to stoop in this world," said Adser, and then Muoklethorpe appeared. " This, sir," he said, " is t* end of t' cavern; step ovver the watter careful; that's it; you'll find it a bit slippery; mind yer head there, that's ole reight; we nivver bring visitors as fur as this; but we've just gotten to show yo' consarn reight through." They stood by an underground river that went rushing along at their feet. It was not in any sense a terrible sight; nothing like the bottomless pit of the Speedwell whither it was bound, and into which, according to Muokle thorpe, you might ohuok the entire Peak country, and it 'ud mek no difference. "And now you've seen all wen gotten to show you," said Muoklethorpe, "and I mun go on and let other folk in; Adser will bring you to t' office, bo as yo can sign your name; and I can only say as any other time yo may like to see t' place you're welcome." Left alone with Adser, Geoffrey frequently lagged behind to induoe her to lengthen out the return journey, but he said it was only fair to Mester Mucklethorpe that she should get on and help him with the visitors that would now be sure to bo waiting. At the office Geoffrey signed his name, and Adser said, " Good-bye, sir." " No, not good-bye," said Geoffrey, " I shall see you again ; I am staying at the Castle Inn for a day or two; besides, I want to make a few purchases from Mrs. Blythe. Won't you show me Mr. Zodaok Bradford's master pieoeß?" ' " To-morrow, perhaps," said Adser. "I shall rely upon you, then." " Very well," said Adser, looking dp into hit * face with a smile that set his heart beating. " Won't you shake hand**" he said. " Very well," she replied in a Boft voioe, and laying her band in his. " For the present the>, good-bye," ha said. "Now Adser, lass, cum, here's a party waitin' for yoit" Adser hurried away. "Good-bye, sir, and thank you," said Muoklethorpe. " Good day, Mr. Mucklethorpe, and thank you," said Geoffrey. "I have no doubt the mushrooms will be very good. I'm going to have them for lunoh I believe." " Cook'd in t' oven in drippin pan wi' plenty o' batter an' some pepper an' salt and lightest sprinklin' o' flour they're not to be beaten," Baid Muoklethorpe. "You are an epicure," Geoffrey replied; " you must come and hare a glass of wine at the Castle." "Thank yo, sir, I'm too busy just now, thank yo all t' same." " Good day, then," said Geoffrey, onoe more, looking back to see if Adser was in sight, but the cavern looked dark and melancholy. She had disappeared. The ropers were busy with their, wheels and drums and their spinning, and the brook was dancing along outside the cave. Geoffrey strolled leisurely along the declivity,. avoiding the Lapidary's Cottage, whioh Mrs. Blythe observing called to him. "To-morrow, Mrs. Blythe," he said. "I am going to stay here some time; I will look in tomorrow." " Thank yo, sir," said Nanny, and Geoffrey went on, to meet as he entered the town his driver from Buxton. " You can put in your horses, Larry," said Geoffrey. " Ole reight, sir." "I am not returning, however. I want you to go and fetoh my luggage." "Oh," said the driver with an expression of sadden inquiry; " the Castle seems to be a good inn ?" "Oh yes, it's first rate. lam going to stay at the Castle a day or two; the village interests me." "It does most visitors," said Larry; " but do you want me to come back with the luggage to-neet?" "Why, yes,-certainly," said Gaqffrey. " It's a long drive to go and come back." "Here's a sovereign to Bhorten it," said Geoffrey. "Thank yo, sir," said Larry; "that does Bhorten it by a sight!" "And here's a ten-pound note; pay my bill and bring me the change. Tell the landlord I Bhall be baok at the Lion again one of these days soon." "Thank yo, sir; yes, sir," said Larry, touching his hat; "yore something like a gentleman." "Thank you," said Lathkill with a smile and a bow. "Not at all, sir," said Larry; " I dur say I can get baok wi' bay mare and gig before yo've had yore dinner—that is, if yo tek it at sapper toime, as most gentlemen do." "No doubt, said Lathkill, taking out a pocket-book and writing a message; " and I want you to give this to my man." "Yes, sir," said Larry. " 1 am not returning to-night," he wrote; " take the next train to town ; paok one of my large easels and a few canvases, bring my dolour box, some brushes, my small tent, and paok a hamper of champagne (Jorrook'a —if there is not enough go to the wine merchant's) and come to the Castle here; Larry, the Lion driver, will tell you how to get here; bring some clothes if you think necessary, I shall stay -here probably for a month." Tearing out the leaf upon which he had scribbled these instructions, folding up the missive and turning down a corner of it, he Addressed it to " Mr. Perrywick." " There, Larry, give that to my man ; he is going to London for some things I want; tell him how to get there, and see him off by the very first train to town." " I will, sir," said Larry. "Is there any thing else I can do for you?" " Nothing; away you go, Larry." And away Larry went accordingly. 