ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE. (COPYRIGHT.) COLLEGE JACK. A REMARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF T'rlE Penal Records of YVn Dieman's Land. B1" C/dP'lT,.IN" LdCIE. CIIAPTER VIII. " I am afraid the ruffian will kill Mary in the meantime unless, imopos sible as it may seem, he has relented and is taking her back to her home again. It ahnust looks like it in his coling this way amidst the settled district. God grant all may turn out well yet," replied the leader of the ex 'pedition. " If not I wish I had never undertaken this mission of revenge," he added, and theln I would have been at home to guard her fromt harm. 7" I"lthe greatest carel will not. alays do that: My owai ojinidn is that your sister will cotie out safely in the end, and that is not far away. Keep your patience until to-morrow, friend," returned Griflin. This was the best advice he could give and all the men were fain to pro fit by it. 'rlThe night passed without in cident and at daylight the tracks were again taken up and followed due east. "I don't understand where they are making for in this direction. I thought they would turn north or south but they are going straight on and will come up with a sharp turn soon. The coast is not more than a couple of miles away and there is no escape in that direction," spoke the constable about an hour after noon as lie was laboriously tracking the fugitives. The small footimarks of Mary Ed wards kept beside the larger prints of the man and there was no mistaking the trail in consequeqce. Each hour they became fresher, and as the sun de clined in the western heavens the four men came in sight of the ocean at a point not far from Falmouth Bay. They were now not more than a mile distant from it, and as the tracks led straight on it occurred to Griffin that the fugi tives were making for one of the numerous caverns which indented the coast line in that direction. " Of course Tarleton would have some knowledge of this locality, but it is absolute madness on his part to think of escape in such a manner. I will run him down in twenty-four hours if he adopts that idea. He will not have the ghost of a show, and lie must be insane to think' of such a thling. Yet why does lie bring the girl with him in this fashion ?--and she appears to be willing eiougli to accompany him, too. If she was;' the' heroine her brothers picture her, why a she .would have given him plenty of trouble before going this far. It's a queer affair altogether, but Miles Griffin is just the man to elucidate it," the-somewhat puzzled constable mused. There was a conviction growing up in his mind that the girl was not ac companying the outlaw against her will for it seemed scarcely possible the nlan could force her to do so under the circumstances without using extreme violence. Of course he did not hint his suspicions to the brothers, who seemed as if a dark cloud of woe had fallen on them. It was near sunset when the party arrived at the cliffs which fronted Tas man's Sea. In places they were a couple of hundred feet in height and so pre ciptous that' no human being could possibly, descend their rugged sides, but there were many weather-eaten spots where the explorer could descend to the beach far below. The footprints led to one of these marine paths and before going down the constable led the party over to a ledge of the cliff where itt might be possible to get a good view of the coast line. "W\e may. have a chance of seeing the fellow, but if not we will go down at once. It will not take us five minutes and may save hours. The tracks, as you noticed, are quite fresh so that they cannot be far ahead." This was so, and the three men will ingly followed in the eager hope that they might be able to catch sight of the girl if not the bushraangpr. There was a magnificent view from the. spot though the mlists of evening were be ginning t fall upon the ocean and sea ward littli could be distinguished. To the north and the south the party looked but nothing met their eyes save I the stretch of frowning coast line. To the south the small harbor of Falmouth t was noticed scarce two miles away, and in this direction the constable fixed his gaze as he felt it was possible the bush ranger might take the girl and leave her there railther tthan make a sacrifice. His attention was attracted bys wild cry from FIrederick Eidwards, who stood on a projecting rock in the cliff about twenty yards away. The young man was standing with hIis right arm out stretched in a northerly direction and his whlole eacring denoted intense ex citement. With a run Miles Grilffin was at his side and stood dumfounded for a few minutes looking in the in dicated direction. The other two men joined the group and they looked upon a novel scent and one they never forgot. Fromi a small cove not above three hiundred yards froim ishcre they stood a small boat had shot out and in it were a mnan ald a woslna wshont thle specds torIs at once saw were Tarletont and Mary Edwards. The latter appeared lquite compliosed anld was sitting in the sternshollding the rudder while her ruf fianly colltpanion rowed. The boat was smaking straight out to sea, and lthouighl the wagr was com ,arativcly smooth it somecttncs seemed to disappear in thIe hollows betwreen the rollers. Ahnost as tIle constable reached the side of young EdSwards the outlaw saw the group, and hlie ap parently pointed out the men to his companion. ThIe girl turned her head and looked toswards the cliff and thoei waved hier hand, Almostimmcdiatelyu afterwards the group of men heard a strange laugh which they could scarcely recognise as that of their sister and it mystified them more than ever. The tall outlaw plied his oars vigor ously-and the little craft responded to the strokes, and as the sun dipped his chin on the western horizon the gather ing mists swallowed up the strange pair as they went phantom-like into the white gloom. With strained eyes the four men tried to pierce the veil which hid the boat and its occupants from them, but it was in vain; and with a heartbreaking sigh John Edwards turned his mute, appealing eyes to the constable and the latter understood. "It is only a ruse to put us off. That boat will come hack in an hour or two and we must be prepared for it. There are only two places along here where they can land, except at Falmouth. Someone will have to go there anld rouse the settlers to keep a watch along the coast and also bring down the body of Totm Barrows from the mount. If you'll go, John, we will remain here on the: watch-at least I'll stop here vwhile. Michael ahd Fred take tip a position at yonder path. It is the only thing we can do, and if you rouse the two settlers and their men at Falmouth and tell the constables at Barrows's homestead what has occurred we will soon nab them. You might find out about the boat, too. It must have been stolen from below, or at least it belongs to someone about this district. If you are willing you had better start at once, but if you want to stay here perhaps one of your brothers will go. What do you say to the plan ?" spoke the official. "I will go by all means. We must not forget poor Barrows, and the infor mation should be given at once, as you say, in the hope that it may lead to the capture of that man. HI-e must either intend to return or commit suicide for a boat like the one they are in could not live five minutes in a rough sea. My poor sister I I can't quite make it out. I'll go now and reach Falmouth before it is quite dark," and with a last look at the fog-covered sea John Ed wards turned to the south and left the group. " Now, lads, you can either stop here or go to the other pass about four hun dred yards across there. Of course we can't stop them from landing even if we wanted to do so, but I wish to prevent Tarleton slipping us again.and making for. the ranges. He-would do it in a moment if he got the clhance. ]By watching the passages to the beach he will be prevented, and in the morning you may have revenge on him. The least rise of wind will drive him back whether he wants to come or not, and this time we must be careful not to give him a chance of getting away," said Griffin. " Any post will do Fred and I and the one you mention is as good to us as another. I would:like to ask you a question, Miles, and give me a true an swer. Do you think my sister is in her right mind ?" queried Michael. " Well, I never gave such an idea the least thought. Why do you think she I is not ?" asked the constable. " By her strange action in this matter 1 and the peculiar laugh we heard just a few minutes ago. It was not the laugh of Mary Edwards though the form was hers," responded Michael, The officer was a hard-headed man, i who attributed wrong-doing to every I cause but madness, and he was about to tell the brothers he thought the girl was sane enough when the look in their faces stopped him and le cleverly ef fected a compromise, which lie did not believe himself, but would calm in a manner the fears of the two mlen. " There may be a good deal of truth in what you say, for the girl has gone through enough to send her crazy, and at her age the mind often becomes af fected; but still she may have been carried off by force to act as a hostage asI told you before. In thelatter case her mind would be all right, and in order not to bring down the violence of her captor-which could do her no good--would probably do as lie direc ted. Tarleton just now would order her to wave her hand to us as much as to signify she was going with hin of her own free will, and she was sensible enougl to obey the order. The scoun drel has got her in his power and would I not scruple to kill her.if she declined to act as he wanted. We have run hii I down at all events, and there can be no t escape for fiim now. I will see he does I not get back this way and I expect you I to carefully watch the other pass,' re.- a plied Miles Griffin. Soon aftier tlivhoemimenh left?tl?.hi 'v companion and went towards the point where the' passage led down the cliffs to' ii the beach. Selecting a .position at t which they could not be seen by any one coming up the path, they passedt the night without having to act in suchis an emergency. The constable was. sissilarly circumstanced.' H-Ie kept guard on the narrow way by which alone the outlaw could leave the bch ti and make once more for the ranges, I Miles Griffin did not doubt for an in- I stant what the man's object was. HeI felt convinced that being forced down' to the coast he had by some means be come possessed of the boat, and enter ing it with the girl waited until the ex pected pursuers would make their appearance. Then hlie would put offnit the desperate hope they would imagine I he was going to risk death on the sea or make for a point further north or south of the position. The oflficial wsas too old a bird to be caught with such chaff. HIe well knew that for mianiy miles to the north there was no landing place, and hlie had provided for the soutlhern contingency even if the nlan shoculd ie foolish enouigh to go to a place like Falnouoth wher lie he would most likely be seen anrs cnaptured. It was miiore likely thel outlaw, think-i ing the hturiuers wiiuld .Lot stop lolug at tile spot iiwhencie tlhey sawLi the boat dtis- I appear, might return iund-r cover of the darkness anr d Iiake for the istcrior F again, and to defeat thatsutpposed ob ject the :constable lay concealed in the rocks and watched like a panther t during the whole night. As he lay, with the silence around him, the thought of Mary Edwards took fuller possession of him and he marvelled at what it could all mean. The idea of Sthe girl being held a prisoner against her will was fast disappearing, and lie now concluded there must be a mystery in the business which he could not fathom. Perhaps after all she was mad, for her behavior was almost sufficient to convey the idea. When her sweet heart, Tom Barrows, was slain before her eyes, and partly through her instru mentality, she did not alpear to be sensibly affected by the tragedy. This was inexplicable in the eyes of Griflin, for some months previously when on a flying visit to the Fingal district he had seen a meeting between the two and was firmly convinced they loved each other sincerely. So the oflicer mused during the night, each hour of thought causing hint further mental disquiet and making the web still more tan gled. Wh'en morning broke and nothing had occurred to justify his theory some thiig like anger filled the breast of, the constable. The fog was slowly rolling back from the still placid ocean, but no spec of sail or black dot of boat could be seen. Going down the passage about forty yards he reached a position from which the beach could be observed for a long distance, and, shading his eyes against the rays of the rising sun, the constable took in the northern view. Nothing but cliff, sand and sea were noticeable, and after assuring himself there was nothing suspicious in that direction he turned to the south. There two or three moving figures broke the view, but he quickly saw the ob jects were metn from Falmouth whorm John Edwards's news had sent forth. There was no sign of the woman or Tarleton, and, greatly disappointed, he turned and retraced his steps to the summit of the cliffs where lie was at once joined by Michael and Frederick Edwards and later on by a couple of settlers from Falmouth. They knew little or nothing about the matter save that a boat belonging to one of them was missing from its moorings about a mile distant front where they stood. As it was the only craft in that particular part it must be the one in which the gir and the bush ranger had put off from the coast in. The two men had not heard anything about the outlaws nor the fight on the mount. Both had been on their own farmts keeping a look out for a possible enemy, and they were greatly relieved when John Edwards told them the real position of ahtairs regarding the out laws. He had left them to go to the constables at Barrows's house and neither of them had seen him since, as in obedience to his request they had taken upl watch on the beach until day light. The story about Miss Edwards was quite incomprehlisible to 'the and they could not understand it. So far no word had reached Falmouthl that the girl was missing front her hosme at Honeysuckle Creek, and frodn that fact it was clear she could not long have been taken away by the outlaws. Such was in effect the narrative given by the two nmen, and the owner of the boat supplemented it by saying the little craft which belonged to hits was seaworthy enough but-and there was a great deal of mneaning in his but-it could not possibly weather even a light gale on that coast. So if the man kept out at sea he and his companion must inevitably be lost. As it would be quite possible to re main on the water for days in the pre sent state of the ocean, the constable decided to take inmmediate measuresto prevent the bushrangcr landing unless lie ran the certainty of capture. There was another small settlement at St. Helens, about ten miles to the north, and MIichael Edwards, who knew the distance well, agreed to go along the coast and warn the residents there, who would guard the coast and capture the outlaw if he appeared in that direc tion. " Keep a close watch seawards and along the beach, 1Michael. If you catch a glimpse of them it will be best for you to return here and get our help. At any rate get someone to assist and you may possibly have the fellow alive so that we may worm out Iis story, The path along the cliff is a good one and you should be there in three hours from now. Get Jones, the constable, there to use his best endeavors in having the boat sent down from the end of the point, and if you succeed it, would be as' well to return this way by water. T'le iellow may be hiding in some ntook ,where he can't be seen from the top of tie cliff.' Use your own comm6n sense in the matter, and 'iemember, Michael, this is thliesmlie to exercise your mind and body. There: will, be plenty of time to rest when this trouble is past," spoke Griffin to his friend. The instructions fell in witlh the views of the party, for it was quite possible for the occupants of'the boat to pull along towards( the north and. effect a landintg in that direction. The fog on the previous evening and thlegatlering gloom hid the boat from sight-before it was half a mile fromi the cliff, and it was quite likely Tarleton when he could nto longer see the figures on the land would change hIis course and Ihead for the north as being safer thant a southelrly run. It was out of the question to be lieve he would keep due cast, as the nearest land hlie could 1hole to meet in that route was New Zealand many hun dreds of miles away. Without delay Michael Edwards set off and the reimainder of thie party with the exceptioni of Frederick, who was ordered to remain on 'the highest part of the cliff and keepl watch, descended to the beach anti began a close search arousnd the pIloinlt at which the lboat had left the shosre. As the constable ex Ipeclted no futlmnarks were visible at the place, but the tracks that led down the the Iath all trended south thus showing Tarleton and his coimpanion must have gone straighlt to the boat and then rowed ti the part whence the men had caiught sight of it. C J 8 (To ie COIINUtoED,) 