CURIOSITIES IN SELF-DES TRUCTION'.* " "WESTamrarEK Gazette.' The recent epidemic of suicide, which has been, perhaps, rather augmented than checked by the flood of sermons and lead ing articles to which it has given rise, makes Dr Strahan's " Suicide and Insanity " come specially " on the nail;" if the book does not add any thing vary novel to the philosophy or statistics of the subject, it offers a miscellany of curious facts about it. It is interesting, for instance, to meet again some of the more remarkable suicides which have had place in the columns of newspapers of late, classified more or less scientifically under various types. The majority, perhaps, like the case at Manchester not long ago of the bridegroom who shot himself at his wedding break fast, apparently from a mere artistic appreciation of dramatic contrast, are simply irratioual, and represent only one form of a family degeneracy which might have shown itself in insanity, epilepsy, drink, ^ &c.;, &c.; Hut other cases are undeniably rational, and make "the usual verdict " a ridieulous sham. Hoes anybody feel anything but pity and admiration where suicide is accepted as the alternative to a more dishonorable fate, as in the incident which Miss Cnristina Bossetti immortalised in her poem, " In the Bound Tower at Jhansi ? " Or in the recent instance of the ill-fated Wilson party, who kept the last shot in their revolvers for thenselves, and used it when the Matabele at last broke into their circle ? But another recent case makes the challenge of moral justifiability with a more tragic intensity still. Only the other day a well-known and highly respected literary man, who was on the brink of death from a.n incurable disease, put a termination to his sufferings by shooting himself dead. His wife, who was devoted to him, and who was present when lie committed the act, was asked at the inquest whether she could not prevented it. Her reply was that she could but that she would have considered herself a contemptible coward had she done so. She also stated that, at his request, she had ~ removed her husband's fake teeth preparatory to - his shooting himself through the palate. As our law stands, this lady might have been indicted for murder. Of course, nothing of the sort was thought of. But is it possible to conceive a more tragic and pitiful situation ? There is nothing like it-in fiction or drama but the dreadful final scene of Ibsen's " Ghosts." The case of the Wilson party, of whom only a few survivors are said to have died bv their own hand, is altogether put . into the shade hy the . earliest recorded instance of what may be called suicide by platoons ; that of-Bleazar and the whole garrison of Massada after the fall- of .Jerusalem, when unable to hold out longer against Titus. After killing off their -wives, " choosing ten men by lot out of their number to do execution upon all the rest, thev ranged themselves as near as they could to "the dead bodies of their friends,- gave them a parting embrace, and cheerfully presented tneir throats to those who were to do the inhuman office. Sojsoon as the ten had, with a mighty resolution, discharged their part, they cast lo is among themselves which one of the remaining ten should despatch the other nine, with a condition: that the surviving tenth man should killhimself upon the bodies of the rest, such a confidence had these people in one another. The nine died with the same constancy as the rest. The last man overlooked the" bodies, and finding that they were all stark dead, set fire to the palace, and so cast himself upon his sword. among his friends. ..... The number of the slain was 960, reckon ing women and children into the ac count.'* The Bomans .were as much im pressed as the Matabele in the case of the Wilson party. One of the oddest forms of suicide is the Jtam-kiri of the Japanese and Chinese, A man insults you: you say, like an angry child, " Very well— i slia'n't play any more," and rip up your ! stomach before his e3fes, apparently for the mere gratification of subjecting him to a disgusting spectacle. It would have given a thoroughly Oriental turn to the war in Corea if both nations had ' simul taneously, on the outbreak of the quarrel, performed/(nru-7-irf just to mortify each other. Many are the curiosities of suicide by imitation and from bercditarv impulse. Br Straban quotes from Dr Hammond the following extraordinary family history—a Bougon-Macquart series indeed ;—" A-gentleman well to do " in the world, but with a slight hereditary tendency to insanity, killed himself in the thirty-fifth year of his age, by cutting his throat while in a warm bath. Ho cause could be assigned. for the act. He bad two sons and a daughter—all under age at the time of-his death. The family separated, the daughter marrying. On arriving at the age of thirty-five, the eldest son cut his throat while in a warth bath, hut was rescued ere life was extinct. At about the same age the second son succeeded in killiug himself in -the same way. The daughter, in her thirty- fourth year, was found dead in a bath-tub with, her throat cut. Her son; - at the age of twenty-seven, attempted to kill himself by cutting bis throat while iu a bath at his hotel in Paris, but did not succeed. Subsequently, at the age of thirty, he made a similar unsuccessful attempt, but was again saved. A year after be was found in his bath with his throat out from ear to ear." Spring is the season for suicides as well as for sales. People prefer for this purpose, as statistics show, day to uight, and Monday, Tuesday, or -Wednesday to Saturday and Sunday. In a word, suicides prefer the early part of .the week, month, and year. It would follow, seemingly, that anybody witb a melancholio lricnil should look after him. carefully on the first Monday in May. Men lcill themselves twice, three, or four times more often than women, except in Spain. "WomeD generally " do it beauti fully," men crudely. Butland and Sussex arc the most suicidal counties,. North "Wales and Beds the least. Saxony is the most suicidal country in Europe, and tho least so is—the " unhappy counthry"! Ireland's rate is 24 per million to Saxony's 469 ! Among the triumphs of civilisation must he reckoned the Infant Suicide. The Begistrar General has lately added a column to his tables for suicides "from five to ten years!" 