j THE POLITICAL SITUATION. Naturally, considerable roticence is maintained by the leading members of the freetrade party as to their intentions, and Mr. Reid wisely refrains from giving any expression' of opinion as to their future movements or possible appoint ments. ' In the first place,' said Mr. G. H. Reid in answer to an inquisitive press representative, ' I have no port folios to give, and in the second place I am too old a campaigner to 1st fall a hint as to their probable disposal if I had.' On the question of the present political situation (says the News) Mr. Reid spoke plainly. ' It merely remains for the Government to choose which course they think it better to adopt,' he said. ' Whether they shall elect to retire gracefully, as their loyal supporter Mr. P. Hogan has advised them to do, or allow us to turn them out. Unless they pander to the Labor Electoral League, which thoy cannot honestly do, they haven'b a ghost of a chance, and even if they do so thoy cannot possibly . get a majority. They will save much trouble and delay if thoy accept the inevitable and retire like men ; but that they will eventually have to retire is as certain as possible. Much of the vaunted backbone has been taken out of the Government by the overwhelming public opinion lately expressed and practically illustrated at the recent polls. As leader of the Opposition I asserted that the Government did not^T^?7r fidence of the country. At that f of coursc, that was merely n„ 'l™' tion that has been made leader of the Opppo3itiotl ^ pJg ments had their being-i„ (Jt T good old assertion would be ! Sir George D.bbs as leader of the Opposition to-morrow— -but I h„j actual proof, only my conviction t£ such was the c,se. Now it is difTerent We have abundant proof. Tho country has declared againatthoGoverament with no uncertain voice, and tl,ty, ffi]lin J' unwillingly, have got to go. I JF° vincud that thero is more tlmn of tho present Ministry who is avcTo to clinging to office like a p0]jtic! limpet until it is knocked off the rock -y the conbtifcutional toninliawk, Ther* are at least two men of independent means I could name who, if their pro fessions of h.gh poliuc! morality are to bo rol.o.l on, cannot possibly sun port t ho stubborn attempt tint Is beinE made by the Government to remain in officn. But we shall see— what we'shall 