SHROUDED IN MYSTERY, OR WHICH GIRL DID HE MARRY ? BY SEIPP BORLASK, Author of " For True Love's Sake," "Three Lovely Women," "Darker than Death," "An Ooean Secret," "Recalled to Life," "Riches to Rum," "Who Killed John Cameron?' "The Police Minister," &o.; CHAPTER VI. THK WEDDING AUD DUCKIHQ A SUPPOSED OLD 6WE8THEABT AT PACKER SPOUT. Meanwhile the bridal procession issued forth from the House in the Wood, and three minutes later was ascending Packer^reet, the gentlemen almost as gay in their goldlaoed ooats, ooloured Bilk and sparkling spangle-embroidered vests, smart cooked hate, powdered tie wigs, aud with enormous bouquets in their button-holee, as were the ladies in their rainbow-hued dresses, immense fardingales, towering peignoirs, and abundanoe of flowers and feathers. There were twenty oouples altogether, and they walked arm-in-arm, the gentlemen with their toes very much turned out, their dress rapiers glittering at their left hips, the sheen of their cut steel hilts equalled by that of the wearer's great silver shoe buckles, and eclipsed by the sparkle of the diamond-buckled garters that wedded their Bilk hose to their velvet small clothes. At the head of the prooession three fiddlers scraped away with more zeal than strict regard to time, ''Haste to the Wedding," and so light were the spirits of even old folks in these days, that now and then one of the oouples would break into a sort of tripping danoe, and the example would become highly infeotious. Meanwhile, all the way up Packer-street the inhabitants leaned over their half-doors, or peered oat of their little pokey diamond- paned windows, and the Flying Horse and the Golden Ball Inns sent out quite crowds of early onstomers, to wave glasses and pewter measures on high, and drink health and happiness to the bride and bridegroom. The solitary draper's shop in the town exhibited little else bnt wedding favours, and they drooped from the entire length of the female barber's tri-coloured pole next door, whilst shouting urchins had manufactured mock ones out of paper, and strutted about with them stuok in their caps, if they possessed any, or else in their shock heads of hair. At length the famous flight of a hundred aud twenty-two steps was reaohed, "the heartache" as they were often called, and there was no dancing or skipping up them. At last they were surmounted, however, and the path reached that branched away on the right towards the Churoh, and whioh, for a brief space, was roofed over m a very quaint and picturesque rdanner. At this point the pretty bevy of little white robed bare-neoked and bare-headed girls began to strew the bride's path with flowers from out their baskets, aitd a mighty oheer arose from those who had assembled in the ohurohyard and sorambled on to the low roofs of even the bearseand the oharnel houses, thuB creating, as it were, a link between marriage ana death. But suoh was the general hilarity and good humour that the very watchman, acting on his own responsibility, set free a rascal who had been put in the stocks, whioh stood just on the outside of the ohurohyard wall, for being found Bleeping in an empty house in Churchlane, he (the watchman) thinking, no doubt, that all Rochdale should rejoice on such an oocasion, and that even suoh an outcast should not be begrudged a peep at so lovely a bride and so gay a procession. The individual who had been thus released from "duranoe vile" was a young and goodlooking fellow, but with an evil, vicious, and dissipated expression of oountenance. His dress was that of a gentleman, but neither hie face nor hands corresponded with his attire, whioh, good though it had once been, was now tarnished as to its lace, and wine or beer stained as to its material He looked as thouph he had not fully recovered from a very recent illness, for he was pale almost to ghastliness, and there was a strange wild light in his sunken eyes. This apparent stranger in the plaoe now seemed even more anxious to get.a sight of the wedding oorteee than were the Rochdalians themselves, for the instant that he was set free he vaulted over the ohurchy&rd; wall, and pushed his way through the crowd by dint of vigorous elbowing, and without the slightest regard to either ribs or toes, though tbeir stout leather stays (through the manufacture of which Rochdale was then famous, add whioh were never sold at less than a guinea a pair) made the sides of the women almost invulnerable against the former mode of attack. However, the stranger forced his way almost to the edgo of the pathway which the bridal party were advancing along towards the 'Churob, and there, slipping behind a huge sepulchral monument, having a stone urn upon its top (for in those days and up to muoh' more rooent ones it was the fashion to borrow our symbols of death from heathendom instead of from Christ) he waited in evidently a state of suppressed and positively painful excitement for the marriage procession to pass him close by, as it was bound to do. jTirst came the little white robed flower girls, walking backwards and strewing tho path with primroses, blue bells, violets, aud daffodils as they receded ; then the three fiddlers, scraping away like mad, and next Rose Radclifie, leaning on her burly father's arm, who, with a face as red as a boiled lobster, was every minute drawing his huge turnip watch out of its fob, and studying its white dial to see if there yet remained any chanoo of his getting to Marlaud Wood in time fcr the fox hounds meet. " D. . . hell cat, 'tis she indeed !" suddenly exclaimed a voice from behind a big monument, in ill-suppressed accents of hate; or at all events they sounded like such, and his words were heard by aud attraated the attention of many. But neither the bride, nor her father, nor even the bridegroom, who with his best man walked immediately behind, were of the number, and the bridal p^rcy reached and entered the sacred fane of Saint Chad without what would have been a decided unpleasantness, if nothing more or worse, marking its course. iNc sooner, however, had the last gay couple disappeared inside the church porch, thau a young countryman, whose ribs tho stranger had rather freely elbowed, and whoae sweetheart's toas he had furthermore trampled on, and who had consequently followed him across the ohurchy&rd; in order to RIVC him a good thrashing as soon as all had been seen that there was to be seen, suddenly percuivine 6 much more effectual way of avenging himself than by the contemplated drubbing (suoh way having been suggested by the stranger's most uncomplimentary reference to the lovely bride, of which he oa\ight every word), called out iu his broad Lancashire dialect, which we won't attempt to render on account of having resided too long in distant southern counties to do so perhaps correctly "Here's an old sweetheart, by gum, and as jealous as a boggart, too—called tho bride a hell oat, he did. There's nice manners for yo. Say, mates, ain't it Roobdale rule to give an old lover us comes uninvited to the marrying of his gal to another man, a good sousing under Packer 3pout'!" " O' course it be," came a general shout in.- reply, for the crowd desired nothing better" than some such lark wherewith to pass the time pleasantly whilst the wedding party was in Church. So there immediately rose other cries of " Pack sheets! paolc sheets!" win Is 6 a laughing, hooting, and reviling mob quickly surrounded the supposed stranger, who now bagau to wish very heartily tbats ho had never been set free from (he stocks. We say supposed stranger, for, in point of fact, he was nothinz of the kind. He knew half the people there, and they would have known him too, had he been the same bright eyed, rosy cheeked young follow, who had left Rochdale to suddenly and mysteriously threw years ago, instead of the mere ghost of his former self. He made no appeals to former friendships, however, as a means of getting oat of the very queer and unpleasant fix in which his conduct and speech had placed him, for it was vtrily and indeed a Rochdale custom which the country maD had referred to. A shilling fine generally 1 procured an evasion of the ordeal, bus then a man who resorted to an empty house to sleep in wasn't at all likely to be possessed of a shilling. No one, therefore, even proposed the alternative to him, and as to his feeble struggles to esuape his doom, and the oaths and curses whioh he freely indulged iu, they served bis turn not at all, and, indeed, oc.ly secured to him a prolongation of his punishment. He was seized upon, overpowered, tied np in a pack-sheet, oarried down the Church Steps, and held under famed Packer Spout until he was half-blinded by tho swiftly running water, roars of laughter greeting his discomfiture the while. At length, panting and breathless, his faoe was withdrawn from under the spout, swathings were undone, aud he was placed upon bis feet. Only, however, to be chased down the Gank, into Church-lane, with shouts and gro&tit;, and every available missile that lay handy and was less hard than a stone or a brickbat. Where he took refuge at last none knew, but many thought that it was in the hut of the Old Witch of Packer Meadow. After he had gone, but not before, the gossips, both male and female, began to wonder who he could be. ' Tis tfc' young spark as used to be after Miss Rose BO much a year ana a half ago," muttered one beldame. " Aye, I've seen 'em together, in Lover's Walk and Brimrod Wood eoores of times," orooned a second. "And I, both a-sitting under the fairy hawthorne tree, and vows always end m nothing that are spoken there." This with a solemn headshake fromafonrth. But a fifth said, with a sort of gleeful ohuckle :— "Why, this young chap's shorter by a head than he, and a deal more like the groom that runned away with Miss Ruth—aye, he did run away wie her, whatever folks may say to the oontrary, and her own father and mother among 'em. Oh, they tried to keep it precious dark, I know all about that, but marriage will out as well as murder, and may I never have a new soarlet cloak oome next Rush-bearing if it baint he. ' "Good - lorjus - days, Gammer Broughton, I can't gawm that nohow, for if 'twere he what should he be a sceawhn an' swearing at Miss Rose's wedding fur ? One sister 'ud be enough for ony one mon I should say." "But this un beant a bit like Halcamus Greenwood. Why, he was as r^d as a rose, and this chap is a deal more like a turnip," said an old man who had known Haloamus well. But before any one else could express an opinion as to the stranger's identity the bells of St. Chad's commenced to ring out afresh, thus announcing that the wedding was over, and so every one began to hurry up the Churoh steps again, hoping to be in time to see the Grammar School boys form in double line down the pathway, and sing in their monotonous kind of ohnunt, " P ease to remember the Latin lads" as the returning marriage cortege passed down between them. 