cos nnusx. . ? ♦ ? CARRIED BY 3T0RM. '- ? ? ?♦* — ?— - By Mrs May Agnes Fleming. Author of ' 4 Mad Mavriagc,' \- A Little Quqin,' $c, Sfc. CHAPTER I. Which is highly sensational. '? Lookatit well,' says Miss Ventnor ' It is what you have n«ver seen before what vou may nejver see *again — a haunted house.' One slim, gloved Hand, looking like a perfect hand in dark gr-y marble, points the dramatic., speech. Miss I cuvuur. .13 given _ unj^ ?ujjaiu.it.yii- uuu epigramnwtic little sji^ches at times, Wnttts she * in not giVento talking Nonsense ai any litne, I know there is ' method io the madness' of this assertion now ; and yet— a haunted house ! I laugh a little as I lean out from the carriage to look. '* Do not laugh,' said Miss Ventnor, . austerely^-' there is nothing. to laugh at. A dark and direful tragedy was enacted within the walls of that glomny red farmhouse -Jet m3 sea — lour —nearly, five years ago. Do you see that thjjpd window to the right in the attic storey ? Well, a man was murdered — stabbed to deat'i — in that room.'* 'Ugh! how horrid!' I say, with ?a shudder. it sue nau tola me ne nna arownea himself, or poisoned himself, or char coaled himself, or -even hanged him self, or gone out of time into eternity by any one of those other violent but quieter gates, her tragedy would have lost its most grisriy- element. Bat the average female mind shrinks, in re pulsion f romthe ♦ihdught of a seedy jugular.orja pool of Wood. ... . . I 'And even since the house has] been haunted, of course,' says Hies I yettnor, folding one gray kid calmly over the other. ' It is a good house and a ine farm, and since Sleaford's time — 'Sleaford was the victim — the rent has been .merely nominal. All in rain. Sleafnrd * walks.' and in the 1 dead waste and middle of the night* the struggle is re-enacted, and panic stricken, belated villagers fly. It is all nonsense, of- course,' says Miss Ventnor, changing suddenly from a Siddon voice to a practical everyday one* ' Sleaford, poor wretch, lie* over yonder in rotter s U leld, and troubles nobody. , But the fact remains that people will not live in the place, and | the most audacious tramp and thief will give the apple trees and cabbage V grounds a wide berth, be he never so hungry ; and I do not mind admitting that even I would ^o half a dozen miles roundabout rather than pass it alone after nightfall. So take a good look at it, my dear. A genuine I haunted house is a sight to be respect viand remembered, if only for its! rarity in 1 his degenerate age ; and this evening, after dinner, I will tell you all about it.' I do not need the ini unction. I am taking a good look .at . Sleaford s. Even without Miss Ventnor's ghastty legend the place could hardly fa.' I to impress one iu a weird and dismal way. But ju3*; now the n\i$e en. scene is in keeping with th e story. A gray, . . ^fast drifting autumnal sky, lying low and threatening rain* a chil!,c omplain- ing, fitful, wind, rising and falling over the rich,. rank marshes, a long stretch of fl it farm land sere and brown, shrubs rattling their melan choly dry bones, the orchard trees stripped and forlorn. In the midst the house, long, low, a' clull brick colour, broken panes in the windows, broken fences round, no dog at the gate, no face at the casemeut, no smoke from the cUimneyp, no Voice to welcome or warn away. Desolation has lain her lean hand upon it, and marked her own. Anything more forloru, more rams hakle, more forbidding, no fancy can picture ; and from being a deserted house, no matter what the cause, from ghosts to fie ns, to being a liaunted house, there is but a step ' There it stands,' sayb Miss Ven tnor, musiugly, her elbow on her knee, her pretty chin in her hand, 4 Under som i prodigious ban Of excommunication ? and yet I can remember when Slea ford's was the rendezvous of all that was youngest, loudest, merriest i* a radius of twenty miles — ' tile jolliest old place goiug ,* as poor Fi-auk Liv ingston used fc-- tel- me. The Sleaford girls were the handsomest, reddest cheeked, blackest-eyed, loudestlaugh ing gipsies to be seen for a mile There were two of them, as ninch alikfi as peats in a pol, a3 round' ian \ rosy as twin tomatoes. There wore the two Sleafor.l boys, tall, strapping tellows, were more ot the wild gipsy strain even than their sisters, the best dancers, wrestlers, rowers, singers, fighters, everything but the best farmers — they never worked. There was Giles Sleaford himself, who went up to that attic room one moonlight iiig'.ta strong, stalwart man, and was carried down next morning an awful sprctacle. And last of all there was Joamn.' Miss Ventnor's voice takes a sudden change as it slowly — reluctantly, it seems — pronounces this name, a touch of strong repulsion it has not had even when telling the story of Slea ford's grissly dead. She sits suddenly erect as she utters t\ and gathers up the reins. ' Let us go,' she. says with a Oliver 'It is a horrible place, hannt el'»y evil memories, it oy notnwg -u -. -«s tangible. It is growing cold, too. Do not look at it any more — it is un canny. You will dream of Sleaford's to- day.' ' Wait a miuute,' I say. ' Look there.' I speak in a whisper, and lay my hand on her arm. Miss Ventnor bends forward. Over the broken pales of the fen««, tne solitary ngure or a man leans, nis arms folded across the top, his eyes fixed steadfastly on the house. A moment ago he was not there. We have not seen him approach. The apparition could not have been more unexpected if he had risen from the ground. ' Ah !' Miss Ventnor says, a half startled look coming into her eyes, ' I I did not know he was hero. That is the one man of all the men on earth whu could throw light on part of the Sleaford mystery, if he chose.' ' ** And he does not choose P' I ' ** He does not choose. I doubt if I he evei will choose. I wonder — I I wonder what he has done with her.' I « ttr.'ii. i ? Q t»r;ii. ? l ? O f\~~ vv itn ner r v» iui wuuiu r \juv of the black-eyed tomato-cheeked Misses Sleaford .?' ' Misses Sleaford,' contemptuously. *? No — Joanna. rr' That. is her window he is looking at -^the attic room next to the chamber of 'horrors. I wonder what he has done with her,' says Miss Ventnor, 'speaking to herself. ' It must have been worse than having a white eleph ant on his hands. That is George B-ke- ' ^J&eorge; Blake ! H-in ! A com monplace cognomen euough for the hero of a melodrama. Do I under stand you to say this Mr. Blake elop ed with Mademoiselle Joanna ?'' ,. ' Xo, Joanna eloped with him. He was; the. .victim. Never mind now. I am co'd, and I want my dinner. I am going homei '? Get a'oug, Frisky.' Frisky pucka up his ears, tosses his brow maiie, and goes along. The sound pierces through Mr. Blake's brown study. He turns sharpr ly, and sees Miss Ventnor. She inclines her head. He lifts his hat a moueut, and we are out of sight. In that moment I have caught a glimpse of a sallow aud rather hand some face, a slight and medium sized figure, two dark eyes, and a brown moustache. ' A very commonplace youn* man to be the first lover in a me'odiann,' I reiterate. ' Is — x\\\ — your Mr. Bla'ce a gentleman, Olga ?' ' My Mr. Blake !' repeats Miss Venfcnor, laughing. ' Well, you wouldu't know much difference. He is a newspaper man- a journalist, a pen ay-a- liner, works on daily papers, is clever, they say, and has good manners. A thousand times too good it have his life spoiled by a woman./ ' My dear, that is the only tiling of interest about him, the leav n that lightens the whole man. There is always the eleaientof the heroic in a mm whose life has been spoilel by, a, woman — if there is anything in him it is sure to force it 'out. And men hfiar it so wall, ton! I daresftv Mr. George Blake eats his thi\ e meals per diem with as Christian a relish, and write* twice as pungent paragraphs as before. Was Joanna pretty? Quaiut little ugly name, by the bye, Joanna.' Olga Ventnor does not reply. At last, she lowers the reitis and looks at me 'D.$v you believe,' she asks, 'in peopleT)eing possessed ?' 'Good gracious!' I cry aghast. It is the second startling speech within the hour, and really this last is too horrid. 'Because, says Mrs. Ventnor, tren chantly, ' if ever any human being was possessed of a demon, Joanna was. Now, do not ask any questions, for here we are, and thumbscrews would not extract another syllable from me until I have had my dinner. The falling rain begins to fall with the deepening darkness. It is beating sharply against 'he panes as we de scend to the dining ro;m half an hour later. But plate glass and crimson curtains shut out wind, and rain, and night. A fire burns in the shining grate, the gaslights in their ground glass lily cuns flood the deco red carpet, the gilt picture frames, the polished mahogany sideboard, the sparkling crystal, and rough old silver of the dinner service. Miss Ventnor, in dark blue silk, with a good deal of black lace about it, and a sweet-smelling crimson rose in her hair, is quite an ideal hostess. But all through the dinner I think of the Sleafords and the gloomy red farmhouse, the awful upper chamber, the tomato- faced maidens, the gipsy sons, the mysterious Joanna, and the lonely figure of Mr. George Blake leaning with folded arms on the broken rails, and gazing at the lattice of the young woman who had eloped with him. Does he preter coming back here, and sentimentalizing over four greenish panes of glass to gazing on the cnarms of Joanna in the flesh? After dinner, with slippers on the fender, the ruby shine of the fire ou her azure silk and fine laces, and red rose, and pretty fair hair, Olga tells me the story of the Sleafords Outside there is the accompaniment of fast falling raiu, dull sighing wind, wetness, blackness, night. I set it down here in different words, and much more than Olga teld me, much more than she knew herself that memorable night.. Bit by bit the strange affair has come to light, and to the knowledge of those interested therein, among whom uo one is, or has been, more vividly interested than myself. If I do not carry you away, as I was carri ed away that evening, it is because pen, ink, and paper do not constitute a haudaome young lady in silk attire, with sweet, clear voice, sweet, shining eyes, and a story telling talent that would have done honour to one of those improper creatures in the ' Decameron ' who told tales by moonlight in (he garden of Boccaccio to the listening Florentines. This, in my way, and with additions, is the story Olga Ventnor told me that wet October night -the tragic story of the Sleaf»rds. ? 