ODE HADHTIB PIEST FLOOR. BY L. E. B. STEPHEN'S. We had a larger house than we required, hut, like other people who are afflicted with a simfliar encumbrance, we were not too proud to accept monetary compensation for the possession of the superfluous portion thereof. Hence, when Mr and Mrs filobBon, in response to the my wife was intensely relieved ; for ever since we had come into the house— only a few weeks — she always had declared that the old place was haunted. At least, when I say old, do not mis understand me. The house suffered from the constitutional disease of jerry-bufldism (ceilings falling periodically, pipes leaking, floors and windows shaking and all thai Bort of thing), and therefore its old age was premature. I think it is the Americans who say we have so many storeys to our houses that we do not start counting them till we reach about the third. But ycu know what I mean by first floor— the drawing-rooms; only Mrs Titmas and I are such modest truthful people, we don't like to use that phrase when they are not our drawing rooms. IVe had no references with Blobson. We are not suspicious people, Mrs Titmas and I, and that mild, inoffensive man's meek countenance was surely a guarantee of good faith in itself. However, no soon er had they got their furniture in— not even waiting to set it in order— than they announced to us that they were going for a few week's holiday, and one fine morning tney now tooic tneir departure in a iour- wheeled cab, accompanied by a good- sized port manteau. From this moment my wife coneeived an in tense dislike for Blobson. The fact was that the former lady had been very anxious for company, and now they were taking them selves off again. Having obtained possession of their rooms and placed their household gods in them, they were surely at liberty to go or stay as they pleased ? Thus I argued, logically enough, as I thought ; but Mrs T. would none of each arguments. All she knew was that she was once more in this place, alone and an- protected, for she always reckoned me as no body — I sappose because man and wife are one, and that one is the wife. Anyhow, the Blobsons went away, their rooms remained locked up, and our majestic halls were wrapped In silence. After this a great number of letters came for them, and a great many peopie cauea, au 01 wnom seemed disappointed and some incredulous when we told them that they had gone for a few weeks, and we knew not whither. Evidsntly Menasseh Blobson was a man who was much sought after. It was the next night subsequent to their de parture—' " that night X shall never forget," as the popular 6ozig says— when X was sud denly awakened by a gentle punch on the part of mr better half. 44 Hark, Timothy!" ehe cried. 44 Wake up, for goodness sake ! What's that noise ? I'm sure will be tbe death of me." 44 Wind, perhaps," I replied, drowsily. Another gentle push. This time I sat bolt upright and rubbed my eyes. Yea, there was a strange noise — a stealthy, uncanny creaking of the staircase. I jumped out of bed, struck a light, seized the poker and dashed out into the passage. I should here explain that our bedchamber was what, under normal circumstances, would have been the back parlor, and was, therefore, directly beneath Blobson's unoccupied rooms. In the passage I stood, having softly closed the door oe&ina; me, due not a buuhu was to re heard : only down the stain there blew an ice- CDld, death-like blast, which made me shudder. This was all the more strange as I had closed all doors and' windows. Ah, what was that 'i I could almost have sworn that a tall, shadowy form stood in the coiner; but as I charged it, poker in hand, it seemed to disappear into the gloom — that is, if a.... iisi haan there »nd whs not a. prfiature of my imagination. Then I returned to onr bedroom, where I found my wife in her dressing-gown, standing in the centre of the floor, looking as white as any orthodox ghost herself. 44 Well, what have you seen?" she asked, in a voice of terror. »yottidfCt«jrloyc." At this moment we heard the noire of a door btnig»rg proceeding from the stairs— a sound all the more appalling and unaccountable, as — beins without a servant just then— we were quite alone in the house. At the same time the gas chandelier, without any apparent cause, began to shiver and vibrate : and Mrs Titmas, throwing herself convulsively into my arms, uttered a piercing shriek. Fortunately, ahe is not a woman who resorts to fainting, as a rule, or I should have been at my wits' end what to do next. 44 Theresa, my love !"I exclaimed. 44 Til tell you what it is, Timothy — and I have thought so all along— those two empty rooms on the first floor are haunted !" 44 A'onsense, my dear ! Most likely some one has got into the house, which I shall soon find out." 44 Burglars don't generally bang doors." . 44 Neither do ghosts, that I've ever heard." 44 1 don't it's a matter to joke about." 44 The burglar will fully agree with you there what I catch him," I replied, valorouely, snatching np the tongs in addition to my former weapon. Thus armed, I searched the whole house — basements, front parlor, attics. I tried Blob- son's doors. They were locked fast enough. I peeped througu me jceynoiee. jx&ug;&t; our darkness to be seen. I found nothing. All was in order. Everywhere reigned homelike silence and respectable repose. " Titmas," said my far better half, as. I re turned to the bedroom with these negative << if yon dont break open there, two doom upstairs, and find what dreadful thing is |a there; you are not a man."., i . \- 14 My dear Theresa, consider. Such conduct might posribtylay me open to misconstruction when the Blobsons come home. You see, the rooms ore theirs, and by law " 44 Then you consider your Blobsons and your laws before my feelings: Very well, Mr Titmas !" This Is a favorite of argument with some ladies, and if not quite reasonable, it is very successful and unanswerable, for it has the ad mirable effect of putting you in the wrong and making you feel ashamed of yourself. The rest of tbe night was passed in silence— a Bort of armed neutrality— for sleep was out of the question. Morning come at last, and in its costomary sequence day was followed by night. I will freely confess that we both dreaded to see the _1 3 it— tint WA Yliatl- tied our courage with a little drop of something short and hot. We composed ourselves to sleep somewhat early ; but even as the little clock on our mantelpiece chimed twelve we both woke up with a simultaneous start. No sooner had that orthodox hour finished striking than our ears were assailed by a sickening thud above us as though some heavy body had fallen cr been thrown down. Then there was a groan— a veritable human groan— followed by game uncanny creaking of the staircase as on Che previous night. I jumped up and seized the poker. Theresa got np, too, and donning her dressing-gown, remarked, bravely : 44 1 will come, too, this time 44 Since yon insist, my love She had not specially insisted, bat I will admit I was glad of her support. She is a strong-minded woman, and I do not believe either ghosts, burglars, or murderers would ven ture to give her any of their nonsense. I know I seldom do. . She took up the candle. ahTY preceded her with my weapon ef offence arid defence. Out on the staircase silence reigned supreme once more, but that same ice-cold blast fanned our faces, coming from whence we knew not. Sud denly a fearful Bhriek broke from Mrs Titmas' tipe. 44 Ah, look, look!" she exclaimed, at the same time precluding the possibility of my obeying her injunction by dropping the candle, which was instantly extinguished. 44 For goodness' sake, my love, what is it:" I cried, struggling with a refractory match which lit oilly on the box — and not always there. 44 Blood!" ahe answered, intones of intense horror. 44 Look, Timothy, look I" A uiu luuft, iui A uau uy una uiuo oukvcsueu in reanimating tbe candle. 44 Something has been spilled here," I replied; 44 hut I do not think it is blood." 44 What is it, then?" 44 Water, or something. You must have dropped it yourself." 44 1 ! I solemnly assure you there was nothing there when I came up to bed. Besides, what should I have been carrying to the top of the house? See, it goes up, up on every stair. No I tell you, it is blood !" She would have it it was blood, so blood it had to be, as I informed you that Theresa al ways had ber own way ; and that evening's en tertainment ended up with the nearest approach to hysterics that I have ever experienced on the part of my better half. By the following morning the spots, what ever they were, had all disappeared. The matter remained inexplicable, and troubled me not a little. The next night, at the 44 witching hour when churchyards yawn," etc.— or I suppose that must have been the hour, for my watch was slow— I was suddenly awakened by the same noire as before — the creaking of the stairs — and then there was the sound as of a deep sigh in the air. This time Mrs Titmas slumbered soundly, overcome by want of sleep upon the previous nights; so I got up very softly, armed myself once more with the poker and tongs, and crept stealthily out into the passage, closing the door behind me. I could see my way quite easily, for it was a moonlight night, and pro ceeded on tip-toe down the kitchen stairs. Ah, there it was again, down by the scullery door — tbe same shadowy form as I had seen before This time it should not escape me, and 1 rushed upon it, brandishing both tougs and poker. 44 Here, hold hard a bit ! Don't murder me !" cried the ghost. That voice! Good Heaven! It was my lodger, Menasseh Blobson ! 44 What the devil are you doing here?" I cried. 44 Fetching water," he replied impertur- bably. 44 But where did you come from r" "My own room. I've never been away." Then the mystery of onr haunted first floor was solved. Blobson was deeply in debt, and his creditors having traced him to our house, he had resolved to elude them for a time ; so he got- his wife away on a visit to some relations, and then returned himself, taking advantage of a time in the evening when he knew we should be out. Having first got in a sufficient supply of food and fuel, he would keep quiet all day, and steal down at night in quest of water. The creaking of the stairs, the ghostly sighs, tbe water— not blood— which tbe inoffensive man had spilled, the vibration of the chandelier which took place when he crept about his room — all, all was now explained. Mrs Titmas indignation knew no bounds, and she insisted that the Blobsons should be given notice to quit, notwithstanding my representa tions that they were in trouble — might be the same ourselves some day: besides, they at least paid us us their rent punctually stc. No, no : she had said they were mean, deceit ful people the first moment she set eyes on them. She was not going to be haunted like that in her own house— not very likely. Well, ce que lemme veut, eve . ana x cave toia you xneresa Titmas' notions c-n the matrimonial unities. So the ghost had 10 depart from us. and our tint floor was haunted uo more. — 41 Weekly Budget" 