AMUSEMENTS. There was another good attendance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday evening when the pantomime "Ali Baba and the Forty thieves" was again repeated by the Pollard liiliputian Company. The performance went smoothly throughout, and the youngsters met with appreciative applause from all parts of the house. The scenery, costumes, and other appointmentsagain met with the approbation of the audience, and the grouping and marching of the children was extremely good. "The Forty Thieves" will bs repeated this evening and until farther notice. Dion Boucicanlt'B evergreen Irish comedy "The Colleen Bawn" was repeated at the Bijou Theatre on Tuesday evening in the presence of a large and appreciative audience. Mr. J. P. O'Neill as the laugh cer-loving good for- nothing Irish lad Myles-na-Coppaleen again met with thu favor of the audience, and Miss Bella Sutherland as Anne Chute, with Misb Annie Corcoraa as Eily O'Connor, also gained the sympathies of those in front of the curtain. The other members of the com pany gave capable support, and the comedy went well from start to finish. " The Colleen Bawn" will again be presented this evening, when it will doubtless attract another good house. The final performance of the Messrs. Fitz gerald's Circus and Menagerie was given at the Wake6eld-street grounds on Tuesday even ing in the presence of a large and enthusiastic audience. Another attractive and varied pio gramme was presented, the daring feats of horsemanship, clever acrobatic performances, and astonishing intelligence displayed by tbe skilfully-trained horses introduced by Mr. B. Fitzgerald again meeting with the most demon strative applause, while Major McCabe's eeu eation&l; entry into the lions' den and the con cluding realistic steeplechase again made a marked impression upon the onlookers. The Messrs. Fitzgerald purpose visiting the northern country districts en rente for Broken Hill, and a successful season in the provinces should certainly ensue. A highly attractive programme has been arranged by Captain Basse for this evening's "Continental," when Miss Ida Osborne and Mr. Fred Smith will make their first ap pearance at the Exhibition Gardens. Miss Ida Osborne needs little introduction to an Adelaide audience, as this talented young cantatrice is already a firmly-estab lished favorite here, her former visits with Messrs. Williamson & Musgrove'e opera com panies being well remembered by her many friends. Mr. Fred Smith is a Melbourne tenor who will make his first appearance in Adelaide to night, and with such a combina tion a crowded attendance ehould certainly be anticipated. Miss Osborne will sing Jude's charming song "The castle gate" and the humorous ditty " The Quaker," and Mr. Fred Smith " Come into the garden, Maud" and "The anchor's weighed," while the Eastern Suburban Band will contribute another attractive programme of instrumental music A couple of hours' enjoyment was afforded during Christmas week to the inmates of the Cottage Homes at North Adelaide by the Misses Bagot, Professor Macully, M. A., and Messrs. Wilton Hack and S. J. Mitchell, LL.B. The professor gave a splendid exhibi tion of his power to hold the attention of the audience. One of the aged residents proposed in appropriate terms a vote of thanks and expressed a hope that the visitors would come Again. Mr. Hack replied in a touching speech. The fact of extra attractions at the Cyclo tama of Waterloo drew an excellent house last night. The illusion of "Napoleon's Ghost" met with hearty approval. This is well worth seeing, and should draw large houses during its run. 