NOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS. It may be of service, by way ot encouragement to persons of neivoas tempirament, to note that prophets of pessimism are falling iato disrepute. For eonie time pad; some boss croakers have been put to confusion by the otter collapse of their predictions. A few years aao a meteorological crank announced that a cycle of dronght wss approaching, and he supported his hypothesis with seemingly unanswerable facts and figures. Had he foretold low prices for wheat and wool and live stock be would have come off all right, but when he predicted three years of drought he was a bit astray, aa the period immediately following the prophecy was marked by a rainfall considerably above the average. More recently a gentleman named Wilsou predicted the downfall of all Australian securities ; and New South Wales in particnlar, according to this authority, :wae to stink in tbo nostrils of the British money-lender. Mark how this vaticination has been fulfilled. List week New South Wales wanted to borrow £800,000 at 3£ per cent—a rate -of interest lower than the olony had to pay before tbe depression. Did the British money lender tnru np bis nose at the proposal ? Not much. He only offered to lend five times tbe amount asked for, and to pay a premium of over 2 per cent, on the par value. That is to say, he made tbe colony a present of some £15,000 in order to be allowed the privilege of lending the money at a reduction on the rate of interest formerly charged. * * * If anything were likely to lessen the confi dence of the public in the veracity and conscientiousness of the press, it would be the method in which two newspapers of higb standing often differ in their reports of one and the same thing. When the subject reported has a political bearing, it is sometimes d ffisult to believe that two honest reporters could manage to produce two accounts of so cotfiicting a character. In the Teport, for example, ot the late general elections in Victoria, one would imagine that there was not mach room for divergence in the record. So many men in favor of the Ministry were returned, and so many against them. An unskilled person would hardly consider that these naked facts conld be much distorted. At tbe same time the j mrnalistic supporter of tbe Ministry, and the journalistic opponent of the Ministry, each claim a victory oat of the one set of figures. The Argus, in reviewing the position, chants a little {»in of victory as follows:— The thorough-going Tariff Reformers claim nearly half the Bouse, and If the numbers are altered it will be in their favor. With the Tariff Reformers together they are a dominating majority. Under better auspices, and with a little more time to conduct a canvass, it 1b evident that the Tariff ttelormers must have sw< pt the country. We cannot to- day elaborate the Importance of tbe change which has come over the spirit of the electors, and'which 1B reflected in the composition of the House, but we can congratulate the community upon It" ^ The Age on the other hand crows thusly :— "The general e'ectlons. which took place yesterday, resulted In a victory for Liberalism all along the line. The Patterson Government has been utterly ranted. The Premier had a desperate STRUGGLE to secure MB seat, and his colleague, Mr. Gordon, has been sacrificed In the eadeavor to carry Sir James Patterson ia on his shoulders, Mr. WUllams heading the poll and taking Mr. Gordon's seat. Three ot the members of the Cabinet have been absolutely defeated, namely, the Attorney-General, Sir Br fan O'Loghlen; Mr. Richardson, Minister of » all ways; and Mr. Baker. Minister of Bduobtton and Customs, "o tar as the ret rnsgo,only 29 Ministerial supporters have been retnrned as against 06 OppoBlt'on candidates. No such collapse as that of the Ministerial party has evir been put on record before in the history of colony." In the capacity of umpire, I may perhaps be allowed to say that the Age approaches nearer than the Argus to what an impartial outsider would regard as literal accuracy. # * * Tbe Single Tux m jorltj in the Albury Borough Council have now established a big reputation as humorists. They are not only originators of fun, but they are the cause of fun in others. The whole business of the appointment of foreman at the last meeting, for example, was a capital joke. The,cl que had decided a week or two previously : that Mr. Bowdren was to be appointed, and the ordinary method of putting the question to the vote would have settled the business offhand in about three minutes. But this would have spoiled the effect of tbe very well considered and ingeniously constructed j ike, of keeping the whole Council until II o'clock in wading through 64 applications, many of which were in themselves first-rate comic literature. One applicant, for example, told with much unc;ion how he bad abandoned a professional career for mannal labor, and so had gone " oat of the frying pan into the fire." Many others appeared to consider that the main qualification for looking after the Council's roadmen, was the ability to calculate railway curves, and to lay off jetties and breakwaters. Oae gentleman relied chiefly for success on the fact that he had taken a large interest in turf matters, and on leaving a former billet had been favored with a complimentary race meeting. All this, of course, was capital fan, which would have been lesi to the public but for the zeal of Messrs. Watson, Ashby and Co. in the cause of genuine jocosity. The best part of the joke, however—and this was a real stroke of geniue—consistedofthe calling tor applications at alL Mere ordinary dullards, knowing that they had the power to elect anyone they chose, asd having already chosen one candidate, would simply have moved and carried a resolution to effeot their purpose. They would have utterly ignored tbe splendid opportunity of poking fan at three score of poor devils very muthin earnest in their quest of a means of livelihood. Fanoy the huge join of lotting 64 tn»n all over ^uetrUia at work hunting up testimonials and banging In suspense for weeks when 63 of the tmmtartad not a million to one chance of success.' Qalte probably the trifling expense incurred' was a matter of importance to some of these wretched persons—but this, of course, is a minor consideration.^ They ought to jbe delighted at the opportunityvthue afforded them of ministering in a small way to the amusement of the public. We want more * pare innocent * enjoyment. * THE CHOOSING WOBK6. OF A FOREMAN OP A MUNICIPAL IDTL. The Coancil In eolemn conclave met To choose a foreman of works, An awkward job and a long, yon bet, To plek out tne.beat man they.conld get, A maB whoootdd work with a s ,ndo. andyet When the need arose, could skilfully set A level, or draw up an estimate, For nine bob a day and perks, . Sixty-four candidates humbly prayed For the toremsn'e billet BO grand . . There were candidates from every grade, Men who could handlea pick or spade, Men of professions, men oftrade,. Men who had rMlwava and jetties made In every part of the land. Men of highest technical skill. Men who were amply fitted to fill The highest posts in a council's gift. - From drawing plans to working a lift. / Men who had beld important places. Had laid out gardens, conducted races. Had pleased employers and pleased the mob, And each man hoped to be on the job. And the Councl) Clerk rotun&o; ore The slxty-fo'ir claims read out, weaiy, wonderful, woeful story, A dreary, doltful tale and " bore-y," Which made e'en the ribald reporters sorry. Whilst no man offered to shout. The clock atruck eight as the Clerk begun Beading tbe letters one by one, And with a visage saturnine He still read on aB the dock struck nine, And ore rotundo was reading when The clock in tbe Council room btruck ten. The pressmen -groaned, The Mayor looked wan, Tbe publio moaned. The Clerk read on. But tbe cream of the joke's to corns. Ton know The Single Tax League arranged it so That come what might . Blow high or low, <^1 tbe sixty candidates all in row None should have the ghott of a show Bat the man they'd chosen a month ago. Alderman Brink might take a drink, Tbe mild-eyed Mayor might writhe in his chair, Alderman Potts on Alderman Watson Might grimly glare with a stony stare, But come what might That fateful night Fone for the billet of foreman of works (Nine bob a day Including perks) Should ever have tbe ghost of a show But the man they'd chosen a month ago. They Bwore by candle, book, and bell, By hope of heaven, by fear of well A place where nobody ever froze And no good alderman ever goes. Truly their terrible oath they kept Vainly the Mayor and Ten Brink wept The ballot came forth in the midnight boar The seal and the sign of the party's power; • E ich of the clique had written in gore The name selected a month before. THE COUNCIL HAD CHOSEN ITS FOREMAN or WOBKS, NINE BOB A DAY INCLUDING PERKS. LIPPON DAIRN, MINING REGISTBAB.—Mr. Hawkins, C.P.S., has been appointed mining registrar. THE RIVES—The Murray yesterday was lift. 6in. over summer level and rising. PROBATE.—The will of the late Stephen Daly, ot Tnmharumba, has been proved. The value of tbe estate is £710. STRAY STOCK —Several were summoned on Tuesday for allowing live Btock to stray in the -treets of the borongh, and fioed in the usual amount. BICYCLING—Oa Wednesday Mr. and Mrs. Maddocks, who are making a bicycle tour from Sydney to Melbourne, passed through Alburv. They made the trip from Germanton in three honrs. VINE DISEASES BOARD—The fallowing nominations h*ve been received for the Vine Diseases Board :—Messrs. Arthur Bray, T. F. Carley, J. Maclure, J. J. M'WiUlam, David Reid, and Q. H. Willis. TABLETOP PONIES.-We are informed that a draft of twelve ponies from Mr. James Mitchell's Tabletop estate, were sold in Sydney last week at prices ranging from guineas to 26 guineas, and averaging 13 guineas. THE COMPOLSOBY CLAUSE —On 25th inat. at the police court, Mary West'pleaded guilty to a breach of tbe Education Act by falling to send her child to school for the number of days prescribed. A fine of 2s. 6i. and costs was imposed. ~ BOUND OVEB —At the police court on Wednesday Edward David Barry, charged with threatening ^he life of his wife, was bound over in his own recognisances in the sun of £60 to keep the peace towards his wife for the period of six months. OHILTERN RACES —The Ohiltern Amatedr Tart Club Races will be held on Thursday, 18 h October. There are seven events, and nominations for the principal handicaps close 9th October. The fall programme will be foand in another colamn. As EJECTMENT CASE —On Tuesday J. H. Paine, on behalf of the Albary Building Society, applied for an ejectment order against William Rodgie. Mr. J. Wilkinson appeared for plaintiff. An order was made by consent for delivery of the premises before Monday next. * SALE OF FABM AT GEBOGEBT.—On Tuesday. 9 h October, Messrs. Ten Brink and Thatcher will offer for sale at Gerogery. a well-Improved farm belonging la Mr. Zsppel. This farm con- (bt« entirely of &ret-df;« agricultural Is within a short distance of the Ger^sry railway station. PIANO TONING.—We ate pleased to refer to Mr. F. Linden's advertisement notifying his arrival in Albury on Wednesday, 17th October, on his 29 ,h half-yearly visit (since 1880). Germanton district during November. Any letters for him addressed to this office will be punctually attended to. A FALSE REPORT —We have been requested by Mr. O. T. W. King, ot the Wodong« woolscouiing works, to give an emphatic contradiction to the report that he purposes giving up business. Mr. King has no such intention, and in our adverlising columns invites his patrons to continue favoring him with their orders. * TH» WAGGA EACEB —The spring meeting of the Murrumbidgee Tmf Club will be held on 14:h and 15 ch November, The programme includes Wagga Cup of 100 sovs. with gold cup of like value, Town Plate of 60 sovs., two Hurdle Rices, each of 30 sovs., and 10 other events. Eatriesfor principal handicaps close 2nd November. THE NEW LAW WITH REGARD TO SLAUGH- TERING—In addition to the exorbitant license fee Imposed by the new Act, slaughtermen are required to pay a fee for slaughtering each animal, which is regarded as czcessive. The whole measute, in fact, appears to have been framed with a view to victimise the members of one particular trade. THE " AGE " LIBEL CASE —In the Speight v. Syme libel action, on Wednesday last, the jury returned a verdict for the Age on nine counts and a verdict for the plaiutitf with one farthing damages on one count. The count upon which a verdict was given for Mr, Speight referred to an article alleging waste and extravagance at the Newport workshops. THE UNEARNED INCREMENT.—In the course of a recent speech in the Assembly, Mr. Copeland said that the proprietors of Brookong estate—the late William HallWay's—offered to resell to the Government the purchased land, 130,000 acres, at £1 17s. per acre. As It cost probably £2 5a. an acre to acquire, it looks as if there were not much in buying land for grazing purposes, FIBE AT NARANDEHJL —A fire broke out at an early hour on Tuesday in the brewery ol Messrs. M'Intyre, Lincoln and Co., brewers, at Naratdera. The flames had a strong headway when the outbreak was discovered. One of the men named Sbeppard, who was sleeping on the premises, had a narrow escape from IBuffrcatlon, being pulled out just in time to cave his life. The fire brigade could render little assistance, there being no water In the main. The buildings were insured in the City Mutual, partly covering the loss. THE NAILCAN CLAIMS.—The proprietors of the Sheoak and Waratah claims at the Nailcan on Wednesday received from the Department of Mines replies to their applications for aid from the Prospecting Vote. In both instances the applications have been granted. In the case of the Sheoak Company aid will be granted to continue the shaft now down 25ft. a further depth of 50ft., and to continue the drive, now In 5ft., 15ft. further. The Waratah Company will be aided in sinking the shaft from its present depth of 90ft. to 100ft. deeper. EIGHT HOUBS DAY IN STDNEY.—The eight hour holiday in Sydney will be celebrated on a grand scale, the customary trades procession displaying several new and attractive features, all the leading unions being represented, and almost every band in Sydney engaged for the occasion. To enable country residents to participate in the festivities, holiday excursion tickets to Sydney, and from all stations to all station?, will be issued by all trains from September 28 to October 1, both days included, available for return within 14 days from date of issue. A ROWDY CUSTOMER.—At the police court yesterday, a man named Edward David Barry, who on the previous day had been bound over to keep the peace for threatening the life of bis wife, was brought up on a sericB of charges. The prisoner, it appears, got drunk, indulged in obscene language, assaulted the arresting constable, and then wound up by running amuck at tbe Ecanty furnitnreof the cell in which he was confined. For being drunk he was cautioned. For obfeene language he was fined £3 or two monthB' imprisonment; for assaulting Constable Mackintosh he wan fined £2 or one month's imprisonment. The fourth charge was withdrawn. THE ALBUBY HOSPITAL.—A comparative statement recently published concerning the boepltalB of Riverlna that in the number of patients treated during last year Albury was at tbe head with 264 Indoor cases. Hay comes next with 224, and Narandera third with 198. In the matter of economy of management Albury also takes first place, being by far the loweBt on the list with the eum of £56 Is. 6d. per patient. Hay comes next with £66 134., and Narandera third with £72 3v 2d. Wagga on the other band spends £114 7*. 4d., Urana £160 2a. 4i., whilst at Balranald the cost of each patient per annum is £198 18s. 7d. STEALING WINDLASS CHAINS.—A man named Homer Wilsoa was charged at the police court on Toes lay with stealing two windlass chains and an adze. Constable Angel deposed to having found the stolen articles in prisoner's possession, and prisoner said he bad_ bought them in Melbourne. James Hackett deposed that the articles in question Jftfeogeft to him j ttey had been taken from a hut at the Black Range, and were worth about £1; prisoner resided near witness. George Carter identified the chains as some he had given to Hackett in exchange for wood. Prisoner, who pleaded guilty, was sentenced to 14 days imprisonment in Albury gaol. LAHOENY AS A BAILEE.—At the pclice court on Friday, Thomas Astins was charged with larceny as a bailee of certain jewellery, the property of Peter Gunderson. The evidence for the prosecution was to the effect that the accused had been entrusted with the articles toeell, on the understanding that if they were not sold they were to be returned. Mr. C. Wilkinson appeared for the prosecution. The accused said he bad no recollection of selling the goods, and concluded that whilst he was under the icfluence of liquor, they must have been stolen from him. He had also lost his own tools of trade. The Bench held - the case to be proved, and imposed a sentence of two months' imprisonment. WOMAN'S FRANCHISE.—Mr. Haynes has given notice ot motion tor 13-h November as tollows :—" That this House having approved the principle of political or franchise equality for the sexes, now affirms the justice ot legal equality for the sexes, and therefore approves ot amending the law, extending the right to both sexes to sue for maintenance and alimony, and for the support of children, legitimate and illegitimate ; and with respect to tbe criminal law, approves of the obliteration of distinctions in respect of sex." Tills action on the part of the Member lor Wellington, it is understood, is taken to force to a logical issue the vote carried last week establishing political equality for the sexes. Mr. Haynes stateB that tie has received promises of very warm support in favor of this motion, which caused considerable amusement in the Assembly. To CORRESPONDENTS. — " SubEcriber."—It you will send a stamped envelope to this office, directions for calculating the ordinary form ot tank measurement will be forwarded. " Alma."—The dimensions of tank sent in on Wednesday are incomct. "S.B."—We cannot undertake to prescribe for your ailment. Consult a qualified medical practitioner. " Hopeful."—It is a delicate question to advise upon, bnt the fact of her sendlDg you verses is upon the whole a good sign ot h«r feeling towards you. As for the lines themselves we regret teCsay they are atrocious. " Interested," Condobolin.—They might sue, but they would not be likely to recover under the circumstances stated. " Impartial."—We do nrt publish letters that consist merely of attacks upon other newspapers. "S.T."—Your lines are scarcely up to tbe mark for publication, though the sentiment is good. ALBUBY WARDEN'S COUBT —At this court on Monday before Mr. T. A. Browne, Simmons and Co., proprietors of the Sheoak claim at the Nailcan, applied for permission to suspend work for three months, on the ground that they were unable to carry on for want of funds, pending the consideration by the Mines Department of an application for aid from tbe prospecting vote. F. Simmons, one of the shareholders, gave evidence as to the facts upon which the application was based. The party had forked the claim for 17 weeks at a cost of £34," and had suok over 20ft. without striking payable stone. No objection being raised the application was granted. A similar application was made by the proprietors of the Waratah claim in tbe Eame locality. ThlB was objected to by one of the shareholders named Tregoning, who had not been joined ID the application. A decision was adjourned for a week. MINING MEMS.—Our Jindera correspondent write*:—"Kucbel and party expected to finish crushing last Tuesday ; they expected to have cleaned up by Saturday last, but something went wrong with tho works causing the extra delay. At Walbundrie the miners on the Old Field are still in search ot the main reef. They are sinking and driving in hard sandstone ; several tons of qaariz from the new find (reef No. 2 ) is on the way to be crushed. Oo the last new find (reef No. 3) the leteee will •ot allow those who Lave pspged out to work Donnelly and Co. (Stoney Park) will crush this week a parcel of good stone from their own works. Kucbel and party from Old Bungowannah workings, Brieu's paddock, cleaned up tbis crushing on Tuesday. Foui loads'(about 5 tons) yielded 20cz. 16dwh, or a little over 4;z. to the ton. Some four tonB of quarz from He wit's claim (Walbundrie reefs) are to be crushed at Stoney Park on Friday next. This parcel is from the new finds." STABBING CASE AT BENALLA—Rowdy incidents in connection with the late Victorian election led to a number ot police court prosecutions.- One of these occurred at Benalla A young man named Phillip Murphy was standing with two others talking about the elections.* Something jocular was said, creating laughter just esa forelgnernamed Frederick Leudin, till recently a sailor who during the last few weeks has been working here, came along, and, believing the trio were langhing at him, draw a knife and Btabbed Murphy in the neck, causing a nasty wound. The offender was arrested by Constable Kane and brought before Mr. Gordon, J.P., at the court of petty sessions. The Bacch found the accused guilty, and committed him for trial. A local doctor, who examined Murphy's wound, says it is miraculous that the itjared man was not killed on the spot. As it is he has lost a quantity of blood, a leading artery and one principal sinew of tbe neck being severed at tbe time of the alleged offence. . NEW RUSH IN THE YOUNG DISTBIOT.— Ghrtmltsayt" It has always been the opinion of practical miners that gold in wellpaying quantities would be found on the Moppity estate, that opinion being borne out whereever the creeks have been tried. Within the past few weeks prospecting on a more organised scale has been carried on, and witb results so very satisfactory that a rush has taken place. Up to Thursday there were about 100 men on the field, the sinking ranging from 8 ; t. to 18ft., with prospects showing from to 3 grains coarse gold to tbe dish. About 30 diggers landed by tralnat theKingsvale railway station, and at once proceeded to the ground. Had these people been better informed they could have saved themselves miles of tramping and IOBS of time, as the new find is really only four miles from the Young railway station. Mr. Marina is meeting the diggers in a most liberal spirit, charging only 10s. per month per man, the license to be paid from gold on. We expect, In the course of a few days, to see a large population in Moppity." THE LATE FIBE AT HOWLONG —An inquest was held on Saturday last by Mr. T. A. Browne, district coroner, upon the late fire at the residence of Hiram Howard, The owner of the bouse gave evidence to the effect that on Friday, 14th, his wife left the house about 1 p.m., leaving her daughter, a little girl 13 years old, in the place ; witness left tbe house at half-past 1, and did not return till 15 b, when he heard of the fire ; the bouse was Insured for £100 and the furniture for £40 Mary Anne Howard, wife of Hiram Howard, gave evidence corroborating that of her husband. Ethel Howard deposed that a few hours after her father had" left the house she li-ft also to go to her grandmother's place, about haif a mile away; there was no fire in tbe house when she left. Same evidence was taken showing that at 1 a.m. on Saturday, 15"h, the house was discovered by some neighbors to be on fire. Nothing, however, was elicited which threw any light on the origin of the fire, and the jury—Messrs. P. W. Donnelly, P. Moot field, W. Thomas, Geo. Martin, and Henry Hay—returned an open verdict. ANOTHER VALUELESS CHEQUE CASE —At. the pollen court on Saturday a man named William John Johnson was charged with at- tempting to obtain money and goods bv means ot a valueless cheque. Constable Cameron deposed to having arrested the prisoner at the shop of Mr. Daniel, draper, in Dean-street. A. G. Daniel deposed that on the 14'h inst., prisoner came to bis shop and bought goods to the value of 19s.; he then offered a cheque for £2 in payment of the goods; witnesB fl suspicions were aroused and he sent for the police ; the cheque was on the Bank of Australasia, Sydney. The police at this stage asked for a remand. The cheque had been returned aB valueless, but the attendance of a clerk from the Sydney bank was necessary to prove the case. The prisoner said he wonld plesd gnilty and wished tbe Banch to deal with the case. He had been drinking and did not know what he had been doing. The prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment in Albury gaol. There was a further charge against him of calling for drinks at one hotel and refusing lo pay for them, but this was withdrawn. THE BENAMBRA ELECTION.—The < fficlal declaration of the poll was made at Yackandandah on Monday. Mr. Craven thanked the electors, and said that through the Pitterscu Government being defeated he would have to sit in Opposition, although he wonld do his best, irrespective of patty, to set the finances straight. Mr. Blllson expressed satisfaction at oolling so well as he did, although the time tllowed prevented a thorough canvass of the electorate. He remarked that the election had passed off in a friendly manner, and that but for capitalistic icflaence the contest would have been closer. He mentioned that he had sent a reply to the Premier about an Interview ne bad witb him at the latter's request, when Sir James Patterson wanted him to oppose Mr. Isaacs. This had been circulated with a view to ir juring bis cause. He refused to con- stat Bogoug in terms of courtesy, although pressed to stand, and his letter had been osraded to show he was under Pattersonlan irflaence. He considered this a breach of aonor by Sir James Patterson, and waB pleased to see that the country had discarded the Government. Mr. Blllson also Intimated that unless circumstances changed he would again contest the seat when it became vacant. TOOUMWAL BRIDGE.—Considerable anxiety is felt by the residents on either side of ths Murray with regard to tbe completion of the Tocumwal-bridge. A number of residents on the Victorian side of the river have taken up jr rented land some few miles north of Tocum- <val, and have entered somewhat extensively upon tbe cultivation of wheat, and tbey naturally look to bring grain to Melbourne fbr sale or shipment as the nearest port, but without a bridge tbey are handicapped by the heavy punt charges. The cylinders forming the piers of the bridge are bdow present flood •evel of tbe river, and as tbe superstructure has yet to be obtained there is little likelihood of the bridge being opened fcr traffic in time for nfxt grain season. Victcrkns who are growing wheat across the Money will, therefore, bB compelled to send their grain from JsrHderie to Sydney, instead of to Melbourne. The New South Wales Railway Commissioners •re carrying wheat at very chest) rates from Riverlna, in order to divert traffic to Sydney. The Victorian Government canDot batten the erection of tbe bridg", as New South Wales claims control of the river and a'l work upon it, and all the Government of that colony will allow Victoria to do in the matter of ptidn erection ie to pay half the cost, 