l^ortSBtorj; BUMSTEAD'S DOG BY JAMES GEEENWOOD. I have no antipathy {or the canine kind. I have kept a dog myself, and so valued its companionship that the tax on him was always paid, if not with cheerful -willingness, with unfailing punctuality. I api not indisposed to.agree with the poet who says ' It is ; good to hear the honest watch-dog bark.' : But there is a wide difference between eitriple barking and a fitful yelping, varied at frequent interval? with a wailing whine, as : though the wretched animal was suffering agonies through colic, or some other internal ailment. Bad enough to listen, to in the daytime, but in the dead stiilnesB ofnight to be helplessly subjected to the dreadful infliction was, I respectfully submit, sufficient to make one not only meditate but put into execution plans of vengeance that as an uncxasperated individual he would be .incapable of. Jt depends, of course, "on the degree of exasperation, and, as the deed to which I was goaded may from a humanitarian point of view appear so atrocious as to merit any amount of punishment that ensued on it, it may be as well for me to explain the circumstances of the case. My residence at the time was in a suburb of London delightfully picturesque—especially during the summer months—but rather lonely. It was one of a pair of villas, the ln'Xi nearest houses being several hundred jar's di-tant. I had no liext-dobr neighbour when I took possession, but when a.t last he <4)iue—he and his family—they brought a dog with them. A half-bred collie, so his Jim ter said. A shaggy, ugly beast, with a great moist mouth, which was. always ajar blowing his teeth. ' It is a capital fellow for keeping guard,' remarked my new neigh- l.our the first day ho came. ' No toar of thieves getting in the back way while he is about. By Jove, sir, he can scent them a quarter of a mile off, and he lets you know it too.' There was no misdescription in the last-, mentioned respect. He let us know almost unceasingly from half-past ten at nVht, when he was t urned loose in the back garden, until within an hour of daylight next morning. We were previously unaware of nocturnal marauders prowling around, but according to that half-bred collie's account there were scores of tli'om, and it was a miracle that our premises had not been ransacked, and we ourselves', murdered in our bed=, months ago. I 'Did you not hear him r* the gentleman next door gaily inquired, and when I rather ruefully responded that there could be no possibility of a mistake about that, and ii.'inark'jd that I supposed it was being ttr.mgo to the place made him keep it up to liu smilingly assured me that that had I.uthiug lo do with it. lie was always like it We co ild only hope that it was not so, but it pi'.voj to be a terrible fact. The second jii;-)ii w.is, if anything, worse thau the first, ail'! the third fairly up to the average. IN [mi h<jr my wife nor myself could get a wink of sl-i'ii. aud rose in the morning feverish, hangar.!, aod irritable. At the expiration of a work I ventured, mildly Jiiri persuaeively, t» represent to my licit door neiehb'mr that, we should feel grateful if he could conveniently accommodate Vjxin in hiswashlioiisc at night time instead of allowing it rlie range of the garden. Up to that time we had no reason to speak of him as other than an amiable aud polite person, butxny reason able request upset him at once. Confound it all! What had I. to grumble about? 1 shared in the benefit of being protected from j obbers without it costing me one penny towards the faithful creature's keep ! What more did I want ? To tlii-i I made answer that I didn't want as much; even, and that i would prefer taking my risk of robbers to being worried into a brain fever. But to this his uncomplimo'.tary response was 'Pooh!' and he went in b ing ng his back door. Kightly, .or another week was the torture repeated, and then I resolved that I would have no Jii-.re of it. I purchased a halfp-nind of Ivan and tender steak, and carrying it. to a Cjh.'m'ist, with whom I was acquainted, got him to dose it judiciously with prussic a id. ' 1 «!on"t. say that he wilt never howl again after h-Jia-s.s»aUowed this meal,' remarked ijic d speii-or of drug*, grimly. ' He will t-ive.you ojie good one.as the last. I daresay. But you w«ti'|; mind that.' Between hilf-past ten aud eleven was tiie time when Vixen was turned lo«e, and about an hour before, aud while my neighbour was v ithii- doors at supper, I got over the lowdividing fence at the further end of the garden and placed the doctored meat on a. cabbage leaf and whore my four legged enemy would be sure to discover it. Then I re turned to my own little room, thatliada rearward lookout from the window, and put on my slippers, and lit my pipe, and kept vindictive watch for what might happen. It was a moonlight iiiirht., :l!Mj my view of Biunstead'e garden was" complete, so that when the tragedy commenccd I should be able tp witness it to the eud. But it was not :tobe. I had been at the window not more than ten minutes, when a startling apparition attracted my watoLful eye. There were fiel-U beyond the palings at the end' of the gardeu, and reyeaied byltiie moonlight, there stood a ragged youth looking over that part of them that enclosed Bumstead's premises Presently he caught sight of the steak l viiw on the cabbage leaf, and in an instant leapt the barrier, and, securing the prire, which he thrust m the bosom of his dilapidated jacket, leapt back and vanished I saw it all with perfect distinctness, and couldhave recognised him again from among a thousand. A lanky young fellow, with a scraggy throat and a long, narrow face, with a large nose of the type known as ' Roman,' aud a fiery-red head of hair. t a PPalled that for several seconds I could not move from the wmiow. There cu d be no shadow of a doubt as to what the wretched lad would do with the meat. He would e-it it, and swift death" would ensue, au-t I should be his murderer' f-i" \l y and dippels i rushed from the house, and scaled the low palings, and pursued him. But he had a lon| start a-id was at the far end of tiie second field r ". nmn S W fastest, I hailed him. ' Hi,hi! my lad, my good lad, prey stop. J p I wish to speak to you.' But the good lad had his reason fordo clining an interview, and exercised his Ionin such a way .that he was speedily out of «ght. It was »n vain that I kept on for a mile or more. He was gonp. In an agonised state of mind I made my way homeward. I Lad lost a slipper, and was spl.,sb<*l with dirt from neck to heels oL" i"'?!Pf^if. 1 ioped to be able to get back mto the house unobserved, but it was impossible. , f - y outcries when I staiied in the tlZlvS b65D i in ^ ^ Abodes, and ™r « f i e l d , and arrived at our garden palings, there w-is my wife and •I d^'Jff5 t °>, kD 0w ,rbat 1 tha matter. I dare not tell aU tie truth, but I told part 1 W ri.«, r ' seen a fellow climbing the pa'ings, End had been after bim but w Xl f - , But yet we arc *o keep our Ter, rei.inK'd. 1 k r i*ot IT® if jl know it'' houses,. eh?' he o{r»!oci indifference to U he ™ ., .. ' k «Pt his own brute, I r '- r!I ' <is '« preventing from Co mo f.'^'- i "P: red with what i hnd to keep The of oi U u 1.1.1, i r 1 r'^ h .a iuad-.vrt™t!v been ir-ikv crime e,tl j off,' though it was in mj owning .ragalxmd aj_ _ 'to, me, nob l of active life as wlien le fled, hnt in ghoBtiy , shape, dirouded . and pallid; and pointing at me the finger of accusing. I had to go tp Jjondon daily to attend to my bumness, bnt I no longer had any heart for it. My ^appetite failed me, the hue of health forsook my ' cheeks, I was really, ill. My, friends, of course, ob»erTOd it and my wife insisted on my. consulting onr doctor. He ^examined me, and pronounced my ailment to be indigestion. 'He was right in one sense, but he little knew what it was I could not digest. r It wo.nld have been a comfort to me ill could in any way have made reparation. The poorfellow dead and gone was beyond reach of-earthly belief, but he might have relatives. It didoot follow that because he was axi outcast'wretch, in rags and not' over , honest,_ that there was not.somebody who Iqyed and oared for' him—perhaps who depended on him. An aged mother, maybe, or a ypungqr 8isteror brother' ' If lobiild^findout any-, thing about him and his belongings, I might at least endeavor to So some good in this, direction. For days and,, weeks I- searched tile the InnAl localnewspapere, npnnmiimpii 'Dead * Body "RoHv TVimt/V Found some accoiint ot thelmjless red-hairedyouth, and perhaps of lus pebple who attended at Uie inquest; But nothing of the land appeared in print, and weeks and months passed, and my'burdened conscience still made myjife a misety. At laStmatter5*caraeto a climax. As I have already said, 1 had to attend every day to offioe duties in London, and now and then was detained until such a late hour that the last trains were gone. Op such occasions, if the weather was bad, I took a cab, but if the weather was fine, I preferred to walk tojBayp cab jfaro. This, last wais the case one night .irij.the early part of the spring of the present My residence beinir north of Islington and my place of business, in High Holborn, I fouqd it convenient; to go. through certain nan-ow ways as a short cut tp the main road. It was seldom that my victim was out of my mind, but it happened that'I was not then thinking, about him when—the neighbouring church of Clerkenwcll had just tolled out twelve o'clock—a ghost appeared to me ! It was in a dark and diugy street, and without a moment's warning he rose out of his grave, as it were, and confronted me. He was draped in white from head to foot, his fonii was lank, his face long and narrow, his nose Soman, and his hair fiery-red. I recognised him on the instant with a gasping cry. I shrank back, and would have turned and run, but my legs refused. I could only back away from Hie awful spectre, while, with a hideous grinning visage, it still came at roe. At last it spoke: 'Don't be alarmed, guv'nor. Have you got such a thing as a lucifer match to give meV It was not a sepulchral voice, aud why he wanted a match he indicated in earthly fashion by exhibiting a pipe filled with tobacco, but iiulit. ' Who who are you ?' I demanded. 'I works at the hake'us what you just now see me come out of,' replied the ghost. ' Were you ever—ever at Fiiicliley ?' I' ventured. ' I dc-i'yiy,' he answered lightly, ' I was mooching about a, lot before I came across this here jt)b at the baker's.' ' But tell me, this. l)id you ever climb a puliusr at Finchley aud cLeal a piece of steak out. of a back garden ?' ' Course I did,' he replied, grinuiug, *and much good it did me.' ' Did you good! Do you mean to say that you ate it, and that ' 'I mean to say I didn't eat it,' he interrupted me, ' I intended to. There was a chap lie run after me, and I got into a bam to get out of his way, and there I fell asleep, and when I woke up, .blest if the rats hadu't. found my bit of steak and ate the lot. But you haven't told me whether you b ive got a lucifer match or not.' 'I have not got a match,' I exelaincd, taking him by both hands in a way that for the moment seemed to alarm him, ' but I have got half-a crown, and you can buy as many as you ple ise with it. Be kind to rats eveiSiftor thi*, baker, for they saved your life.' I believed that he thought I was intoxicated. So I was, with joy. 1 never walked home more blithely from llolborn to Fjnchly before or since, and I won't to bed and slept like a top, though Bumstead's. dog was singing the old tune in the back garden. 