THE NOVELIST. [Coirnlto ael.] TALMIUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen t1. Australia, FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, fly IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER VIITI. Coacrayaa., 'The tces atdd cbes were so arranged that they reflected the light from aone to the other in the most perfect natirone . Some of the crystals appea'red to la'e props of water enclosed witiha iltl' e, said this added to the effect ( rhe floor Was coampoad of the s, e pollueiid natria',l; but by someo nley it bad ben ' frotted' or dulled. ?lls at once Iattraeled the notioe of Strigway. " How hats this been doa I wonder? It sectnis _marvellous t anythling "lhort of hauimoiaada?aytry eodtl v made this floor as it is." La" Perhaps it lhas been dol by walk ing on it, Wllatever ultlo the paths weo saw in the [assaage mn. have dona it," replied Stanley. \ ' " No this has brea done I"y haI d tlnd by design. I know a little a?bit tIhese 'things," Strangcray answered. a ..a 'JTlaliudl did not teemn to takle t" least interest in te ltchamber. 1-lo.eyed it iuch as a person might a fatmiliar strcet. For at least au hour the party renlaiunl feasting their eyes on tlhe wolderons chamber, but tat length the seriousness of their positioni forced itself oil them, antd they went oil theitr aotiareamly hopeles quest of liatling the clue to tihe lbyrinth. The'. passtage which Tnalnut look led alnaost abruptly ,downwards. and after eliaulering after him for nearly two huntdreld feet tle wel comnc sandal of splashing water greeted 'lte car s of the two explorers,.., A descent 9f abolt twenty feet brought them to a small ep?hiang, which trickled out of at rocky wall ihl'o a basin bienaith. Tlahud had already partakeoo freely of the re freslhing Ihtil, anad his exallllflo wir soona followed by his comllpalnions IAfter qluenehiag their thirst, the hIopes of thie plarty were somllewlhat rovived il itlierto the vaults and passages hiad 'bOel remarkilaably diry, antd the hlrorsl'o of ilirst whicl had been exiperienlceOl by Stalnley and Slrangw'ar y in other days rose before themlll, 'they ilow ldecided to illale allotlller start. lFor what iscrluted at qallirter of a imnil, tilh sublllrrnleaan walk was continuted, tand thena a slight cry of ilarln escalpedtl Stltlley, who was closoly following 'taldautd. Soeno dis lance ahead he coanld lliscore a dll red glow lika the releluiota of a lire. As Striangwaay reachelr hint he also noticed it. S Wlthat can t noan Il.oe asked,d. 'I cai it't , ae anvdocaiiiio or a sBlumiib?Iin-i 'cratr sIrellly," Staniley answered. t As Talaud kept ahead the two men followed tin tawo- strulck silence, Tile ouiaolluos glow did not increasoe iiilel itn brilliancy, but still it wa s stllicielitly startlling to attiao the explorers. Thle ,passage was slightly curved, and as they `proceeded, the rellection got larger. Fifty yards fuIrther on the faill sight Iburst on them, its thley came in view of at tvat concove wall, which glowed like the live elnbers of n fire. " It is aiohr kltind of mineral I seao. It must be the rare red crys!al, and like the other place this has not been tall shaped by chance," Strangway said to !Iid cotmpanion. The eff ct of this second clhamnber, for .sudh it really wras-dial lot striko the !oblservor its so brilliant as Ilte first one, It was gorl'geous enouagh, however, and Sftor htallf tat houar, the taewo menae took ini its rare beauties. 1 " Why its eight o'clock in thle even ing," Stanley exclaimed, looking at his watch. "I dlare say it is. ,We dil not leave that awfull volley until nearly tell o'clock, anld you knlow holy allntty hoiurs we have been wanderino g alboult since,' anllswered is coampaalion. " This tpassagoe seemsO to end lhero. laid re not butter got back to the water ? " asked Staniley, " Yes we .nity as well go thlat wiy. Le Itus ask 'lhnludl what lhe inltends doihng?" " Uo h the meln rwent to whl ? Trlilld ac st stlanditg itl appareutlydlp thought anal Staniloy snid- " Whai is the eot tlhin for its to do? Catn oell Icatl its oult of tlt place ?-" Sh shltiigs tiatl shoolll his heacd in a hIopelass waty. as if ieo derstood the at :iiealing of the questioo, I ttws ulatble Sto Kiv at siaisaratsory ti an ? enr. We ' are going Iback t thle water," Sti'angway added, ploititgt las lto spolke itlhe ldirection of the sprin. T i llltltd lietlO It st ae\of nssoilt, antl toeiltg thliRs Stnuley tand hl coiaratld lel the way, whlilst Ithe o a folloodl hlocly behllnd. The wlas vas easily fnd, and ltlled wltha thelr ly~l o mccltae lesit tholights IlbiiaeU Of the i'iiafn lcpo, turl ng the retna .jollrney, . It"' I feeol tired oi, Sttially sainld? wet' • espi'aig weS rd?aclcd. Ist Its ltave hour's rest, anlld tin wet can go 'ol aln . Sir ,es' iglat or day lantls no tdiffeor ic?Oto its tit tilisl place," Stralgwaty idda bltterly., A .fter anotlier drilnk, at fraction lof the nrciitlaang boot was dlivied betotween tlhe loast exploires, atnd tlhla ? c nach itan maido lihisolf as cotifortable |is llo could in elh a phiuls. They wera tIll utterly \ iteried oLut. Their exparlcice of tlhe " previolus nlahlt had tllen at terrible one, 11 lthroulgh astu hlaurs ta dalirkesti they llhs oeln atililtllig agaianaa.t the fire, aid . ntir oselou frolal thle ldrelal glon was aI ?alnlaa tryiag trdaltl What with tlhe iakaea omnaklco1, aItid Itll varyiagI depthl lOteniatl tail physica Ilities of tia ailtelt to the h ltsliott. Then the klowleoalgo Ithnt tIley wtrt larlaelcaially aonotanlaed was like lh( lasilt stratr to titir atnatach tnsodcl bodil(s, It eait welliba lnagilnedl ,tlheiefore Itat thilae lholtr's rest atked or by wilcy sled?!! h.Iar stlrotlet' into nearly eight hours deep slumber. Stanley, habitnated to short watches by his seafaring life, was the first to awake and he saw in the dim light that his two companions still slept. Stretch ing himself wearily lie rubbed his heavy eyes and was seriously inclined to renew his slumber, when something at the top of the passage caught his eyes. It will be remembered, that on leaving the first crystal! chamber, the descent to the water was very steep. Now, where Stanley lay, lie could see the suimmit of the abrupt slope, and as lie looked upward, his wide-open eyes stared fixedly at a figure looking down fronm it. A figure I Rlather a pllantoml. For several uolaunts he gazed speechless with terror, for that hoe saw a ghost lie never for a momenaut doubted. At length a low e'y e..urla from his parched lips and it in stan tly woke Strangway. "Whal 's that ?" Did you call me 7" heo asked. H] looke l'towardts Ih's comrade as he spoke, iub ring his eyus and yawning as one who t as just 'awoke out of* a heavy sleep, S anley's lips fonsted theo word-, "Loo !. It sioly.f ? it'ly whiia~arendihp..ti in tlhalt suitrranean gallery if reachel the dahr of S srlngway. Sitting tupl his eyes. involniatt 'y turned in the direction which his cator e was was fixed. Thel appaition seas Mlill we and was ts that of the usual ortilo ýieost. A hlnau figure with ,a lihutat face was there, but it was tihe counti ance of a dead mani. The light ri the crystal cnvern shone to the top of thl, descent but that could not ac count for the inearthly appearance of thel weird visitant. With tie exception of the fiace and head, thdi figure was clothed from the necek to the feet with a gown of snowy whiteness and in foldls which lioro soime resemblance to the gown of a Druid. Strangway 'was just as much taken by surprise ias Stanly and for a Inonient or so ihe too was silent witll emotiono. Thle slight noise lie made had awakened Talmud whlo was solnutlittle distanlce further down the passage. The Iatter on rising wqs surprised to see the attitudes of his two companlions and he moved towards thelt. As lie did so Ihe noticed they were both looking upwalrd. fIu allpproached nearer and did the samoe, la Its Ioe did so Ite gays voice to it cry that re.cchoed lthrough the cavern anti casused Stanley and Shtrangway to spring to their feet with alarm. The latter soiled his revolveor nld stood upon his gutrdl, but Talmud took not thli slightest notice of hint. With out-stretched arms lte began to call upon the figure at the top in the uncouth languago whic haid so, startled the two explorers on previous oceasions. li0 cuised in less than a minteo and to the sunbonlded astonislh mntlit of the two imen the apparition lat thl sllnniilit begian to speak in the sauoe uinknown tongue. This wils Lkept upl for ni few miniltes when Tilntuid turned to his comipanlions and beckoned theti to follow hilm u tillhe ascent. He clamlered tup a short distance bhit on looking llitkcatnid ainding' tlioy did. iloi" respold Ilo returned. After itakinag fete furious gestures Ito paused, while his features worked convulsively and at length he ejaltulted the word- CHAPTER IX. Tius Ci.ocruRit. rThi? fact was both Stralgwny anid Stanley weore afraid to follow Tahnud. H-learinig him converso with tho ipptlluiti on at the top of the sUlUllit, they naturally conchided lie was in leigite with it, ian that at last wits about to p1it settle ditl bolical schemite into execultion. "- He wants to leaid us to our destruii lion," Strangnway sait inpelutonsly. Stanlluy did notreply for a fete moments ancd then said " It seems to me we cannot be worse off than we are. - It would ibt as well to moot death at once tlihan tdi hero of hunger. Besides wae ar armed and they do cot appear to be." "Ball I" broke in Strlwgway contemp tously, " of what use would hirearits be againsisuch foes as these." "If they wanit to kill us, cant they not do it just as well here as anywhere else," aigain argued Stanley. " Tlue potint seemed to have socioe effect on thto doubting Strangway for he replied- S" Yes I belicev you are right. ' Let its go, andl if there is treachery wu nast do tihe est woe cai,' Meanwhile Tahntud was gesticulating uid rginig the two explorers to follow Ahis. As they signified their assent, his face 'tas illunined with aln expression ihnost ecstatic. Olambering up the stelp inc i Le, he was soon fullowed by his cotipantis and iii an couple of minutes the three of themrl wero on the sumnmit. Stanley nld Strasngwy looked round ii an awe-. truck wi for the white spectre, but it we novwhure to be seen,?.lhaising· Iis voic , Tallsiud iinadle a strango cry, and it w is instantly answered by sotmie one a shliprt dlistanc ahead. He tlhen set off ilnlthlo direction of the cry-.which wats rolpeitltel. - at intervals. Passing thitrolih tle m:agniiilLceIt eryslal vault whicll, ii6twithsttanding thleir extraor dinary Ilition, the Iwo luaen could not iheolp ai ihring, tlhey entered the passago htiraih whilch tlhe vault was at first renached, Shortlynftelur, theoyngain found thlemsncselves in thie gigantio granite cavern whlich haid so puzznlettd Ihenl Strangway -glanceld nrolndl but it was tenantless, TIhe strango cry agniti resouiided and enlering the passago through wheih i ltise sounds cnillo, the explorars wers not long In diseovering thlat it was theo satne by which they had got into ti nllihyrintli. This at ionce restored the faithi of ithe sceptical Strat!gway nnd hu blegan to hlnve full relitnce ii thell bona fides of his mnysterious guictle. TWelty ilinuteos rapiid walking led theml to the lirst great chambli er fiocis whaere their troubles blegan. .t iwas hlers thie dllitlo letlween Strung way atd TaIhuni l ocellrrdll when tlhe ad vrce of thie latter was niglectedi, As soon ns this place eas reached, Tnalllud npllearotd io tilek te gsitguihneiho hit his otlln hinils. Thie voles of Ithe iunclkowin wits nilo longer hilird nldt Tihlittctd ilt ulsle lllstllged ihtl the plassago eo hadl inlleatau, ol the Irvinis dahty. Thllisa tislm Isis clipallions followed hut wtills. out decnitr, It lthd lowit for a short tlstnitce, and th elt in t shed it connunened to llope shurply ttupltlrds, In a q5tartF5g of an hour a faint glenm of light was seen far ahead, and as the men nd. vanced, there was no longer any donht on their minds, that they were saved From the depths of the passago stars could be seen fitintly shiniing. Witih in ten minutes, the three imen. emerged into the open air in a quccer looking depression about thirty fret deep. The sun shone into it fiercely, and the disentomnbed travellers were nearly blinded by its effnlgence. Creeping into the shadows of a small tree close at hand, they remlained there for at least two hours trying to acens tomn themselves to the light. This did not take very long in tile case of Strangway and Stanley, though for days afterwards their eyes were weak. As soon as they could venture out, they easily ascend' d the smlall incline, and found linhat they were on the extreme sumitmit of the great peak. Tie view around was ntagnificient. For nearly lifty miles they could see to all pointls of the compass. Far away to south enst stretched the country llicll theywould hlveo to traverse on the ,ome ward journey, that they proposed at .once to undertako. To tile west, t li ltl-sty' ort-.lini?s of a vast sheet of water, now called Lake Amadeus was visible. This ilnlIa sea is perhaps the largest slheet of water oni the continent, and lies nacross the dividing line between Souith and WVest Australia. Towards the end of 1870, it was at its highest flood. Ti tihe North tile blil outlines of Mloentis (Iaor and Leichnrdt were dimly visible, whilst at other points simall ipeaks intlrsperssed wilt'h sparkling sheeols of water or level plains cotld lie seen. Tlere was no doubt that the reige on which they stood wa0s the centre of an oasis in the arid desert of Central Aulstralia. Looking nearer homeo tile lower peak of range between which and their stand point the hideous gully or glen in which they so nearly poeshed wans situated. It seellmed but a stones throw froml them.l, As they were lookilg, Strangway ex claimed. ' By thoby, this is Christmans Day." i Yes I forgot all about Christmas, or any other day in thant vannlt, where we were fixed up," candidly returned Stan lcy, .? There are some strange things down tlere to be yet found oiut. Tal. iued, there, coulld tell tis a lot if hoe liked," Strnogway remnarked, "'IIe is like ta man who inas forgotten how to speak in the latng uag e Owas first tauglht. Do you0 remember the strulgle, he had, to say 'comlle,' when lie wanted its to follow hlim ftroln below," Slanley said in a tiusing tone. " I wonder if he menlalls to retlurn with is.; His frieltnds seetn to be in lthosa caverns," answered Setrlingwey. "WeVO had better ask hin that quellstion, and by the way tell hint thils is Clristmne Day." Strnngway went to Talmunnd, who wis stanlding under the shade, lloo an over hanging roclre and told'hinvlihat; 8tciii-' ley suggested, A swift gleam of inellli. gence swept across his face, when ihe heard it was the 25th of Decemlber, and to tll ilntorroga'iotn, as to whether lie wished to anecompany thell, he nodded eagerly, and vehemenitly replied- " Yes." " Lot its get bcnk to the lorses as soon as Awe rian. We will have a job to reach the old camp lo-dty," Stanley saitld colming p 10o the two mein. The reilnant of the food was con eumeld by ,the starvinlg ien, and Strangwavy looked round in vain for an anilml or birtd to slhoot. Smokice still rose front tihe strange glen, and it lihad ia ieculiar odor, which would probably keep birds away. Leaving their clevated position, tlhe thlreeo nmen nlldo their way slowly downwards. They iept to the south for it a short distance in order to got round the glen, hout inding that they would have to camp out all nliglt if they took such a rounld-a-bout course, they decided to boldly cross it. "The tire must be well burnted out by this' time, andt tihe serub and snakes will be inostly gone," Stanley angued, and Strnlngway agreed with himt. There wans t descent of nearly five lhundred feet, before tlhe edge of the glen was reached, and the routo was an exceedingly rugged and ditlicult one. In some placeis nmioitnro preilpices of from ten to twelvo feet in depth were encounhteredtl, ad the travellers had to drop down them as best they could. Aboult mnidday the glen was reached, anid it presented an extraordinary ap penrance. The dense vegetation, whlich they had seen. a couple of days pro viously ihad entirely vanished, and all tlat remainied was a conmparatively level black silrfiace. The sitoko and flames Ihad tlliide the sombre rocks, wlich foenieidtllo-sideos.i all ebony ;lite, and even the rivulet which ran through the cofllinshaped clnesm, seemed to Ilow with ink instead of water through the rellection or shadow of tile rocks, Sttolio was still risintg in variolls plaese andt thlose on the sttunitit of tihe. gln noticed that it had a most oflfnllsiero sliell, Thie nroincltii and plligenl t fulnies were no longer presenlt. It was soelie tilelo beforo ai safe llce to desclenti could be folintd, bnt Staleloy alt lengthl muinaged to ilakeo tlhe descenlit, iand as lie did so his colicalnlions follocwed. Tite slnn being nlllost vertical, tLhrow its beanimlls ittlto tite gorge, and to soioe sliglht extent, relievedl its sOllibreieess, btt wheln Ilte explorers 'agailn fotnd tlleiltselves at thie boltoml thiey ex perieontced the santto iniicceointable feltr, whtich hlad beset thltet on tihe fornier occansion. "I don't know ihow it is hilbt I do not feel at enao ice tils place," Stanley anid to hli cotlrode, "Neither do I for that inatlor. I anlpcoso it is beertlso thile golgo is so gloolly and forbidding," was tihe " Oh no, Yoe end I have ibeen ii worse plnces iy far thant this, bult we took little notjce of themn. Look out there 1" lie eaclnihed, as a lIrge slahueO uneailed itself from it cleft in tile rcck, inid glidlred o tll. hising at Strniigovny. The hltter did not litave a stick, aiil ntone ielhg liat haIndt, hlie rose hlis gun snul shot the reptile. (Tili ogP uON 1zoDi. 'I1' 