f* P0UT1CALSKETCBER. POLITICAL ECHOES. [By Loukgeb.] Parliament bat been opened men a pinonea pageantry, and yet ao'rae critioa are not afctia , tied. The .apqotaole, they eay, is like a many coursed dinner — costly and unneoessary. , " Why was not the money given to the poor?" A oeremony as abbreviated ab a lady's evening ,. dress dan aoarcely be "more reduoed. Of oourae if Parliament is jto be refined into a. mere ab ■ straobion it oan be set forth as awork of art in its native simpiioity, even the fig leaf of courtesy disappearing. Fpr the present, how . ever, the contracted tbin red or kahki line parading in front of Marble Palace is a . very mild symbol of the exooutive arm .of the law, . withoutwhlob Parliament "would be as para . lyeedasthe member's themselves wben called \- to. aoooupt to their wives or oate'ohised by ' their constituents. In the brillianoe and pioturesqueness of the vioeregal procession— the Oovernor in Windsor uniform with de oorationa and-a half-dozen officers, in scarlet . and with swords—one may oatoh a gleam of the , administrative glory of the Ministers, end a „ ray. of the. romance of political history. . Out of cheotio barbarism and repulsive dee-{ ppti&m;, signified by ornamental mutilations': . and human saorifioes, has been ovolved orderly . sooiety, and popular government, denoted by . geometrically triangular hats, glittering-art laoe, and manufactured literary oration. The mutterings and aputteringg indulged -in , against a ritual, whioh, while retaining , humorous aspeots and involving-a moderate expenditure^* not tooelaborateforthehighesb tribunal in the land, is, indeed, a protest . against the modern custom of wearing clothes. Admitted that these artioles conceal the divinity they affeot to adorn, are unneoessary to primitive man. a souroe of erperue to modern citizens, and a fund of mirth to the satirist, yet we do not abolish tho tailor. On the ooutrary, we demand that he should protcot us not only from Nature's sarcasm through biting winds and scorching blasts, but from intellectual contempt; therefore we adopt a dress con sonant with dignity and expressive in a mani fold nicety of mental equipment, A Labour member ehould refuse to be seduced by the loonoolast, and preserve the political tailor. Popular exhibitions oonneotod with Parlia ment Are advertisements in the interest of His Majesty this.King of the Ballot-box, which is to bring about what New Australia lias failed to accomplish—a millennium. The shrewd working man spends pounds upon a streaming banner, and trudges through the streets to demonstrate his own value. A Parliamentary speotaclo is nnother testimony to it, witnessing to tho potency of universal suffrage and the influence of its delegates. The latter control the sovereign power as the Governor, who represents it, typifies in read ing a speech composed for him by the sorvants of the people. It is worth something to have that privilege eyinbolized twice a year, if only to stimulate a sense of corresponding obliga tion. The Hon. Sir Jenkin Coles, K. C.M.G1, the _ Speaker, is "a martyr. He had mwjSsrfuily Accepted the "penalty imposed upon the pro siding officer of " The Talking Shop." In his •tudied reply to the best word a Democratic Premier could give for'tho distinction, Sir Jenkin intimated that he took the title to please the House. Generally speaking poli ticians incidentally serve the public good, honour, fame, notoriety, and- other personal ends generating aetivity in the Parliamentary world. Here, however, is an illustration of a self-Bacrificing public man. The exception proves tho rule. Politics make strange bed fellows. In cleaning sooial chimneys legis lators are liable to be sooted. Their lot is far from happy. Why, then, do they enter upon public file? Parodying Hamlet, onediecovers the answer in TUG I'HII.OSOPMY Or THE CINGERr.RF.,ID. There's til8 renpeC. That makes crlarailj'of politics; For who would bear the whip? and scorns of Press, T ho reporter's wrong, thb 'leciors contumely. The pangs ol misplaced i rust, fortune's delay. The will o' wisp of ollico, and tho spurns That patient merit of the unworthy takes When be himself might his full pleasure take In private life V Who late sit tings 'tend To grunt and sweat to fill a " Hansard" tome But that the hope of something after toil— A handle to tho name—lever social, Domestic life joy—puzzles the will And makee men rather take the ills unseat Than prize the good they have and know not off Of "the five Speakers of the Assembly two are dead—the first and third, Sir George S. Kingston and Sir Robert Ross. The fourth, Sir John Bray, is returning to the colony in ill-health. The snoond, the Hon. G. O. Hawker, M.A., is the only one of the five who has not received a mark of Royal favour. Mr. Hawker is the Nestcr of Parliament, the grand old man eloquent of the Assembly, gentlemun, and soholar. He has played a prominent and useful part in public life. Whether as Minister of the Crown or private member he has enjoyed tho affectionate esteem of all sections in politics,- and is held in high respect outside. He is able to oonfer more lustre upon knighthood than knighthood can add honour to him, and henoeit is singular that bis merits hpve not reoeired recognition in official quarters. It is improbable that at bis advanoed age he will oontest another eleotion, but when be retires be may be assured of , ' That which should a compa.ur old Kge, As honour, love, obfdietice, troops of .frion.Is. At the beginning of the aessipn it may be well to explain to the publio the rpeaning of a few of the principal Parliamentary terms. Tor example— "i The Governor—A meohanicalfcontrivanoe for opening and shutting Parliament; also a Political safety valve and a social ornament, t ie easily worked. Put a salary in the slot and yon get all that you want. ' The Speaker—A wigless, gowned, trainless, and rug'd gentleman, who listens end nods and does not speak. The speaker (spelt -with a gmall s) is, by way. of..contrast, a member who epeaksrdoes cot listen; and never? nods utiles! he is more than usually sensible. ; Gierke—Gowned bffieers to keepthe Speaker in oider. Premier—The Parliamentary Boss. Minister—An Aupt Sally during question time. Oponsition—" Outs" whohave been, and Btill would go, to the Treasury bench. IndependentCountry Party—Neuter gender. Stinks that cannot be easily bound together, too green to fire into enthusiasm. ■. Labour Party—A growing olasa of neo phytes who have never been expelled in the game of "Follow my Leader.' ?! Private Member—"A party all'to himself, whose chief delight it. is to read sermons on Wednesday afternoons. Hansard — A . Parliamentary cemetery whenoo arise ghosts to haunt traitors. Orator—The member who never aliowa hi» , imagination to'euffer for hiafaota. Reportera-rThe eoribee who make the tpeeoh after the orator site down. • ■ Freii — The newap&perr; . that make the ■paaker and are acquainted. with ail the ] varying modea of ingratitude. ■ . i . Tarpayer—The viotim of. Parliamentary . jokea, for which he paya at the rate of about £500aeittibg. 