Baptist Church Evangelistic Services THE seríes of revival services, conducted in the Baptist Church by a deputation from Sydney, concluded on Tuesday evening, when the church was crowded, a number not being able to obtain sitting room. The meeting was specially in connection with the Christian Endeavour Society, and was con- ducted by Miss Roberts. There were also on the platform Revs. A. J. Clarke, C. Stark, and J. P. Orr. Mr. W. White, chairman of the Union, and Rev. Mr. Hiddleston were at Lawrence. In the course of an address Miss ROBEIITS said that she was connected with the Peter- sham Endeavour Society. The third annual convention of these societies would be held in Sydney on Friday (yesterday), and at these conventions the name of the Grafton society was always called out, and if there was no one to respond for them prayer was offered up on their behalf. She was called an enthusiast in the work, and she felt like it sometimes. It was in tho Endeavour Society she first worked for the Lord Jesus, where she first testified, and felt it a great privilege to work for the dear Master. There were different kinds of work. Some might say if they were in Sydney like Rev. Mr. Clarke or herself they would do a great deal ; but Jesus best knew the sphere for our labours, just as the gardener knew the soil that best suited the seed. God puts us in the place be thinks wo would be most likely to prove useful, and let us try and find what is most handy for us to do. If they knew what joy there was in working for Jesus they would labour long and cheerfully. There was always work in the city and in the country. Sometimes if we had our own choice we would take other fields, bul. Jesus was the best judge of where we should labour. There was a great deal in the motive for working. At first she felt diffident about being able to do anything for the cause, but by trusting in the Lord difficulties disappeared, and she assured them they would find it so. No matter how little they did if it was the most they could do it would be acceptable, and this she illustrated with an anecdote, and there was the reward in that beautiful pro- mise " Inasmuch as ye have done it unto the least of these little ones ye have done it unto me." She pointed out the importance of obeying the Divine call, and said that wo lose our peace through disobedience. Some- times it is hivrd to obey. We might have been labouring in a nice corner of the vine- yard, with tools light and weeds easy to cut, when the Master calls us away to labour in another part of His vineyard where the tools were heavy, the sun hot, and labour more difficult. But we must obey, nevertheless, for Jesus knew where to put us. Sometimes we failed in our work, but if we loved the Saviour we should not be discouraged, and she wished they could all assert "Thou knowest that I love thee." At times they were misjudged by some people, but if their motives were pure they would not find this hard to bear. She thanked the kind people of the Clarence for what they had done hy way of entertaining them, and assured them they had enjoyed a happy time. ? The address was simple, but earnest and impressive, and was most attentively listened to. ' Rev. A. J. OLA.RKH said they enjoyed their visit'much, and trusted the enjoyment was reciprocal;1 They were anxious to see Bro. Stark and his wife; and bid them God speed. He urged them to support »nd encourage their minister, gave good advice about early attendance at church, and said if they wanted to kill their minister they would say to him on his pastoral call "Ah, what a stranger you are, when perhaps he had called a fort- night previously. Perhaps people in Grafton did not do this sort bf thing, but their minis- ter's preaching was pretty much what the people make it. When his preaching did gond they should not be afraid to tell him so, for he needed encouragement, and sympathy went à long way.. He chose' for for the sub- ject of his discourse, which had special appli- cation to young/men, "And after a time Samson returned to ' take her, and he turned aside, to see; the carcase of the lion; and behold ' there was a swarm'of bees and honey in the carcase of the lion.' And he took thereof in his hands and went on eating, and came to his father and .mother, and he gave them, and they did eat; but he told nob that he had taken the hohey out bf the car- case of the lion." Judges, 14 ch., 8 and 0 v. Hereferred tó'somo of the traits of Samson, and said' some of the narratives ¡ri the Old Testament .were 'allegorical.' 'The places where we had our greatest troubles were fre- quently thosebf our greatest triumphs and greatest joys. 'If you are going tb be con- verted; you'are nob going tb get' to heaven without trouble and trial. In turning your face against the powers bf hell, the world and sin, there would be times of conflict and fighting. He had no faith in those spiritual tricksters that tried to enter heaven through turnpike gates without paying the tolls ; nor did he believe in .their getting to heaven by ways of their own. They should aU do'some thing for the Church' of God, Sometimes the conflict was a desperate one, and ¡twas so very often1 at an early stage, like the experience " of " Christian with Apollyon, described :in the Pilgrim's Progress. The world, with its bewitching entrancements, ! strove.to allure them from the paths pf recti- tude. Faith in Jesus Christ could give them constánt.victory over self, sin, the world, and Satan. * Samson rent the lion us he would a kid,-an . exemplification of the power of the Holy Ghost. : The Christian had not only his trials, ? but. sweets like the honey in the.'carcase M of the lion, The greatest enemies that we had to contend with were the world and sin. A man's own sin drove him to hell, made hell.. Samson found honey in the carouse of a lion, and ate some and tried it. ? Experimental knowledge was a grand thing, nob knowledge in Hebrew or Greek phrases.-.' He did nob undervalue doc- trinal or intellectual - knowledge ; but the great' thing, was to be rich in'experimental knowledge.. ¡ Head knowledge was of very little service without heart knowledge. If you have deep, personal, experimental Know- ledge it will, stand the fire of criticism, the sneer and sarcasm of this questioning age. The man that can say that the Bible is true because he . proved it true, and that Jesus' Christ ¡3 precious because he found Him so, can stand against the sneers and criticism of,the world, just as firmly as the rock in the ocean stands against the sea roll for centuries. There were some who tried in- tellectual knowledge and learned research : but1 the unlettered and lowly living man, who was profoundly acquainted with the important and vital truths of Christianity, knew far more of the personality, divinity and humanity of Jesus Christ than all the theologians that could stand on the Clarence Uiver from one end to the other, who had but analysed the subject. Samson not only tasted himself, but gave some to those near- est to him-his relatives. He did not know how they did in Grafton ; but in Sydney there were some who wished to send the blessing to people in Hong Kong, Timbuctoo, or some other part of the globe, and did nothing for those at home. Do not be look- ing for some far-away thing to do, nor entertain romantic notions about great ser- vice in China, India, or the South Seas. He blessed those that did go ; but something must bo done for those at home. Do not rest till you have rescued your companions. If you want pure enjoyment, go and tell that young woman-your friend and com- panion-what God has done for you and can do for her. Oh, that there were as many missionaries in Grafton as church members ; the biggest triumphs of tho Cross would bo forgotten in the joy that would follow. Samson took the honey in his hands. Ho did not take fine kid gloves, basket, or silver receptacle to hold it. Some might say this was vulgar. He never saw anybody do much good for God that did it in kid gloves. Some would not like to take honey unless they hod a nice place to put it in. Would you not like to work for God unless you can preach or sing well, or do everything perfectly. People do not want silver dishes or fancy baskets, it is tho honey they wanted. It is not your eloquence God wanted, and if were, it would be a long time before he got it. If you have not a good education. God is not particular about aspirating an h, upsetting a verb, or mulling the Queen's Bnglish. A young man may say, ** unless they let me preach I am not going to do anything." Perhaps it would lie a good thing if they per- mitted him to try and deliver a discourse. Those that were the most successful workers were those who first took subordinate posi- tions. Samson had both hands full. What a lot of latent power there was in the churches. Ah, that it were applied. Let me take individually the honey, and present it to you as earnestly as I can. In conclu- sion ne made an earnest and impressive appeal to embrace the truth, and pointed out the fatal dangers of procrastination in such an all-important matter. The speaker is gifted with a powerful voice, and his manner of delivery secures the attention of the audience. At one time some of his anecdotes, which are well interspersed through bis address, cannot fail to provoke a smile on the most sober countenance, while others are applied with corresponding earn- estness and impressiveness. The visitors returned to Sydney by the City of Grafton on Wednesduy. _ 