Spiritualism in Sydney. THE WONDERFUL MATERIAL ISATIONS. SCENE AT A MELLON SEANCE. Mr. T. S. Henry, architect, of Lincoln uon-chambers, Elizabeth-street, Sydney, and Mr. C. L. Wallia (of Winchcombe, Carson, and Co.'s establishment) on Thursday made a very interesting state anent to a reporter of the Daily Tele graph regarding the feats and manifest sations secomplished and produced by spiritualistic mediums. What may be test described perhaps as a spiritualistic wavehas, within the past three or four months, bees passing oyer the city of Sydney. Some ten or twelve years ago just such a similar current of epiritualis tic belief was evident in the city. The matter was taken up by many promin ent men, and most astounding manifeet ations were disclosed in spiritdalistic cir -ele, and the subject was in places pur sued to great lengths. Many took up the study of the question from a pure love of scientific research, but nothing very definite was the resuit. Within recent date, however, Sydney has become possessed of another prophet of spiritualism, who has been reputed of remarkable powers in her art, science, doctrine, or whatever the subject may be Palled. This medium, Mrs. Mellon, is a married lady, and has not been without earnest supporters, who firmly believe in her powers to produce and "materialise" spirite. For some montbs past, spiritual istio eeancea have been held by Mrs. Mellon and other mediums, and manifeet ations of the meost wonderful charsacter pave been produced and witnessed at them. The circle which has witnessed the spiritualistic wonders has been com posed of a privileged few, and included the well-known medico, Dr. MacCarthy, "who has spent a good deal of time in Snveetigating from a medical aspect this and other subjects donnected with psychio sesrch.e So extraordinary were the moonurrenoses made manifest through the naediumsahip of Mrs. Mellon, and ap parently so well authentioated were they, that the matter soon became common talk, and all the old spiritualistic enthusi esim was revived in Sydney. Sasoh a widespread interest was evinced in the doings of Mrs. Mellon, in common with the other exponents of the super seatural, that during the past two months this gifted medium has given seances before acknowledged eepties, with every *emblanoe of openness and with the cloiest'sorutiny and criticism invited. This was in order that society at large might be oonvineed that the materislisa tion of disembodied spirits was real, and tdat no frsad or deception entered the so-a ...omplihments. The narrative describing the exp?irienses of the circle at these seances shows that Mrs, Mellon has from time to time, from a cabinet, produced and materialised shadowy forms until ehey bore the semblance of human beings. .Bo' realistic were the figures or ghosts thaF photographs have been obtained of them, and' their features plainly seen. 'li*e spirits in some instances have, in semildakened rooms, materialised and dissolved in the middle of the floor,'away from the curtained recesse where the medium sat, in fall view of the astonished circle. As among the circle were citizens of repute and sound common sense, their eonfidence was being rapidly communi ated to society, and spiritualism during Sthe past few weeks has developed into a ci-ase of the mest fashionable and fascin ating character. 