I Pettis ijt t P Sosfw>wer Culture. — A report on this subject if; ;a published by the Adelaide Observer , in which it II is stated that " probably the largest area over put it under sunflowers in South Australia was by the if late Mr. John Martin, westward ot Hilton, where ir< he had about four aores; and the yield of seed from jl this was very large. The seeds are worth Ss. per II bushel for the oil, which is quito as good for all H purposes as that of the olive, and when fresh not H to be distinguished from olive oil. It is used in H t|ie manufacture of the best Castile soap, by E painters, machinists, manufacturers of cloth, aud if many others. When in flower boss get much honey p from the sunflower," the foilage is good fodder, and j| the seeds, as well as the cake after the oil ia pressed : i| out, make excellent food for fowls and all sorts of 1 live stock. Cows give more milk when fed upon p the cake, and all animals put on a sleek, healthy if appearanoe either upon the seeds or cake." H a Boom in Ghosts. — "J.O.B.", iu the Mail, 1 writes It looks as if there was going to be a boom jn ghosts. The country papers for weeks past have i devoted considerable space to the doings of a '. spectre up Dubbo way. This may be accounted for p- in a measure by the fact that Parliament was not I sitting and that the season was scarcely advanced I . enough for snakes. Still, even if the session was in ! full swing and the sun over Capricorn, there are f certain peculiarities about this western apparition I which would not only invite but command atten- I tion. The sex— if shades have sex — is not known ; f but from the way it talks most of the day, and I sings all night, besides giving an occasional lecture | on politics, it is presumed to be a female of advanced t views. In one respect the presumption seems un- % warrantable ; for the new spook betrays a fine vein I of humor, and women, so admirable in- many' ways, ? are generally weak in this. As an example, the. i Dubbo boggart sits on potato pits towards morning ' and sings the "Boyne Water" while scattering the I vegetables about the vicinity. This naturally gives 7 offence to many people in the neighborhood. If s- the uncanny tiling wouici out stare floppies, Down," the consequences might be really serious. In view of this penchant for melodies of an inflam t matory character, it is proposed by some persons 7 in the hamlet to start in the next room another hobgoblin which would confine itself to the " Wear- ing of the Green" or the "Shan Van Vocht." With two artists whose repertoires were limited to such antagonistic cJiamons, it seems to be univer sally felt that mutual annihilation would be the inevitable upshot." English Market for Australian Poultry.— Referring to the apparent satisfaction of the Aus tralians with their late experiment of sending over a large consignment of frozen poultry, game, rab. bits, and eggs for the London market, the Field remarks that the prices realised, though good, were not the highest that Australians should be able to obtain in this country for their poultry. "The fowls and ducks they forwarded were too old to command the very highest prices, and they were not packed in the best possiblo manner. It Is sug gested that, if the fowls were frozen separately after plucking, and then each wrapped in muslin and packed together in crates, a considerable saving of freights would be effected, and the fowls would arrive in a better condition. The Russians, who send us a large quantity of frozen poultry, freeze them fii- sf and then pack them tightly in boxes holding about six dozen in each. This is done so thoroughly that sometimes they are kept in the cold stores for two months ; after arrival. But . the character of the Russian fowls is vastly inferior to those we have received from Australia. . . .A sample of eggs, was sent, and they arrived in what may be called a fair condition ; but it appears doubtful if ever they will pay remunerative prices." ' New Method of Bacon- curing.— A new pro cess of bacon curing has been introduced into New Zealand by Mr. Vecht, the representative of an American meat company, and is arousing much interest there. The discoverer of the new process of curing was an eminent chemist, the late Mr. William Oake, of Ulster. In the course of an ex-, periment he found that -the antiseptic properties of salt were to be found in Nature apart from chloride of sodium (salt), and that the obnoxiohs effects of dissolving the albumen in the curing process could therefore be avoided. This is really the key to. the new system of during. . By the new style of treat ment the bacon and hams, although thoroughly cured with- the very essence. of salt, still retain, all the albumen originally in the; meat, and yet dp not taste salty to the palate. The lean, instead of being a secondary consideration as under the old process, becomes at once the nutritious delicacy it was in tended to be. By the new process the lean of the bacon cured reniains'soft and juicy," and nataral in color. No chemicals are used. Mr. ;Vecht states the bacon is subjected to- the antiseptic which in salt does the curing, but the product is absolutely free from any chemical whatever. The best proof of the value of the system is the fact that where the " mild cure" has been adopted the hams will keep for any length of time in any climate. A great deal of labor is saved by the new process, while the article put on the market is declared to be much superior in taste and flavor and quality to bacon . cured on the old system. Forced to Marry a Lunatic. -A marriage en tered into under unusual circumstances was pro nounced null by Mr. Justice Hodges in Melbourne on Tuesday. Mary Grace Neven, of .Brunswick, school teacher, Baid that she was pestered into "wedding John Stevenson, of. Boho East, farmer, at the Carlton registry office on October 6, 1891. When Stevenson worried her with his attentions she was teaching at the state school in the district he lived in, and knew his family, He threatened on one occasion to throw her over a fall unless she would consent to marry him. In September, 1891, she got influenza and came to Brunswick to live with her parents. Stevenson followed her and pressed her to go through the formal ceremony, in order to prevent her marrying anybody else, and undertaking to leave her unmolested. They separ ated immediately after the ceremony. Stevenson has since become insane, and is now in Beechworth Asylum. He is a victim to religious mania. The Court granted a decree, of nullity. A Shearer's Complaint.—" Stawell Joe" writes this .to, a Melbourne contemporary from Poonoarie, N>S.!w,, under date August 18 i-' I write to tell , you a 'case of hardship on me, . a unionist. I had a pen to "shear at Marara, but the orders were I wad to camp '(as that was the general order) on the, Murray. ' I did so; and was doing my best to keep Others from going on. I am a unionist, and believp in it. But I am sick of the men at head alter los ing my pen and a chance of another shed. I and all are told to go home. It looks as if the heads of the union were afraid to spend -our money on us in camp. They think if they did there will be none left to pay their salaries. If there is more than enough for them, we can have the rest. -I .have paid in to the union, for five years, and. "will pay in still, . It we can get men at the head, that will know when to strike, and when not, and not lead us to think we have money to fight and form a camp (a thine I don't believe in), and then when there. is, a chance of us winning. But they m-W not have a chance to pay their salaries. Wei , r strike and victory must go, because. Our salarios . first,' .say they. I put my name down for you, but sign a name that hundreds will know;me by. ... 