Mi m m. DOINGS CHBOSICLEO AUSTRALIA AND KHJIT. , ^DQL^JI BEOrOBD.) A WEfeKLV fltSUttE OF HAPPEN- -N83 WtTHlti THE FEDERATIONro-BE Goptright 1893, The Federal tmnrimtUm nfj9urnatut*.y VW MELBOURNE. • DUMBER. A IN the year of disgrace '93, a coroner's jury, by direction oirthie coroner, has found that one James Cojtello, who was refused admission to the Melbourne Hospital, and who died some few hours later, would have died anyway, and that nobody was to blame. Costello, a quariyman, was struck by the handle of a winch, causing partial paralysis and a. few superficial wounds. A fellowworkman took him to the hospital, where Dr. Player treated him as suffering only from a <c«it. in.the.head. Flayer was asked to . admit Costeilo to the hospital and refused, saying, "There is nothing the matter with him, he's shamming." So Oempsey took his mate to the Alfred Hospital where he Was admitted and intelligently treated. However, he died next morning. The natural direct con-, elusion from all this is that if Player doesn't know enough > to differentiate between shammiii§^~intf ; : ; paralysis, he has just \- sufficient medical knowledge to be a success as a journeyman butcher, and no more. Dr. Youl, on the other hand, says that the "depressed financial state of Melbourne, and the insufficient accommodation caused the refusal of admission to Costello, but the man couldn't live anyway, and the doctor was not to blame." Whether the man was cast for death or not matters little, it is sufficient for us to know, that he was .refused adequate treatment. Causer—" the depressed financial state." Cause of that again-.—"the bank boodlers who weep about ' the injustice of their prosecution by. the. law.:' It would appear that the dethroned Gods of Victoria : are -the - cause of everything. Meanwhile James CosteHo_is exceedingly dead—said death has "been rendered'thore unbearable by t^refusal of a see-naught doctor. This is a ^ ( m ^ ' o ^ ^ m ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ a r y Howitt, piloting -him to Omeo by a; new track. Lands-Minister M'Uityre iias laaded at the tiltiff .fMJL), and is to be shown all over the village '^ttlements and the 1 meat-freezing works by officers of the Maoriland'Government, who will point out the Moa and the Dodqi and the Woman's Suffrage ; League, and other, things while tljey are . resUng themselves. Webb, the Muusterfor Agriculture, who ,has done nothing much since he' captured hts portfolio, and the perfunctory M*f"oil, are not going anywhere lip to' date. - This - alleged " bick bone " ministry is a dreary • failure • 'after all. Patterson is strong, hut so is a steam roller, and we don't make a Premier of a steam toller—-that is not very often. As for the rest of the team, my possession • of fetbout a gallon of -the milk'-of human kindness, prevents the mentioning them farther. One otherwise law-abiding man will ' ever be sxecrated by an obscure few for having concern in the conversion of an inoffensive postman, into a glorified book-fiend, whose iead might have been a head very long ago, out Which how has the appearance x>f having aeeri dumped- in a woo! .press. To the'uniriitiated a reportorial post on a Metropolitan daily seems a 'fine thing, when >t is.reaJlyra miserable existence, that is to Ae. man • who has any opinion of his own, ind is something more than a king parrot. The standard-: of -daily journalism is such that in any big population 90 per cent, ol the available literary ability is attracted tc the weeklies and magazines. The daily paper is the literature <>f the mass, and. ^therefore, neither the; good nor the bad are wanted, but only the mediocre-- the people who know just enough to avoid winding up their theatrical critique with" It took well and jgave pleasure to all." The men who are too good to remain reporters all their lives, are as much outside the daily as the -men -who have sufficient journalistic ability to be clerics arid -no! enough .to write paragraphs about railway returns or to recoM the dodderings of the fat mien of the legislature. Why "don't these incapables do something else, siy you B Because in out- K+irig tfie. glamOur-time when' they' thought reportbrial work was all honor and. glory, they have outlived all fitness for anything hut haltin^ patagraphs^and death. The shamelessly-sweating evening papers i>apr: these iiicapables anything from ten shillings to a potind a week for doing all the news of a suburban district. Yjoung incapables, middle-^ged, careless mediocrities, old men who were once fairly successful and have dropped out of the ninning, fill these positions. One of these suburban correspondents d|ed the other day, allegedly of inflammation of the bowels. Men who knew this unfortunate, say. the inflammation was only a result—that the cause was starvation. _ While this man died ot simply want oi fucker," a dull, and .Respectable section of reporters award themselves medals—(why not tripe by the way)-r-and the rag which employed tne dead scribbler talks holily of the duty we owe our fellows, and is published in an atmosphere half meanness:and half cant. The journalist is always -poor, and, therefore, has.a direct interest in breaking down the monopolies of land and opportunity .which, are only kept, alive by the -advocacy of a .daily, pfess, one half corruption and the other hajf .blockhead, and yet the journalist .goes, on fronj decade to decade, supjHorting his natural , enemy. These things make tne vefy,.,yery, tired. I always write verse, when I am weary. See some here. You. jnust .qnderstaod .that a subeditor's 4uty.^s .not so much. to {nit things into ihe. paper as to.keep things /out, i.e., things that V-eflect on the man with the Paris hat. ,-Now then, .ghost of the .starved corresppndejit, and roedipcrities who will go the same way in the logical course of events, are jwu listening? This is the news-hack's end—this is his bitter meed- He who hasj^arned.his.broad by daily destroying thetruth, He who hath' sold himself to the Rag in his daily peed— v limbless, the truth he slew—now does tie know no ruth- Renegades ali 1 froin the men of the people, whose men art ye— Spies for the enemy, slain at last by the enemy. Ve have grown old in lies. Bees of the dailv'rag! Closingypur eyes to the truth; writing as you've bfeeii hired.; Drowning a new world's cry with whoops for a Jang-cursed flag 1 ; Helping to stamp on them by whom ye were borne and sired; ind at last, when your eyes are dim with the Rag- . work's premature age. The cashier rules your account in red and turns to the new slave's-page. Hen of the. many are ye-rClaquers are ye for the Few, Bat for ye People's men, earning by King your meat, By upholding .the old which is dead, by stiflinif die Good which is New—. The mass would reach sooner the spoil, but ye make the way slip from their feet; Eor ye of Ae army-of wrong are worse than the soldiers of swords, They deaVfor the few paltry wounds—ye fight with indelible words. lind are ye! Blind arc ye all! that ye see not the People's strength, Blind areyelBBnd are ye all all! that ye see not the foe s decay; esert ye your taskmaster's ranks 'ere the war-shock . . — ^ ^w^^dfbfh^d^ 6 ^ ^ 3 '0Ur 6ye! Lie.th.en no more rfor •^ Tf o e s f Truth is your brother's meed! allow not following Rags! Lead on the Prints that lead I 