FICTION. ROMANCE OF THREE LIVES, [BY GEannTUDE WARDEN.] CHAPTER XIII.--FEIc's VISITOR. Maurice had in no way exaggerated when he alluded to the change for the better in the Stoneroyd household since Felice's arrival. Lady Fenton was perfectly willing that her daughter-in-law should con cern herself with what she loftily described as 'kitchen details,' if her tastes lay in that direction, and Louisa Greet carried out all Felice's surges tions with energetic loyalty. Ready money had always been a scarce commodity in theFenton house hold, and Louisa had been in the habit of running up bills to be settled at some indefinite future date, probably by application to Maurice. But Felice, grateful for the asylum granted her on her husband's deser tion, and desperately anxious to be at length of use somewhere, drew upon her own capital in order to establish method and solvency in the, house of her husband's relations, with the re sult that signs of order and of beauty began to be manifest under her stong, quiet influence. Only Margaret declined in any way to recognise the value of what she termed ' them new-fangled and inter fering ways.' Before Louisa her tongue was tied; but down in the lodge, by old Grierly's fire, Margaret's sullen reserve gave place to mysterious hints as to ' what would come of all this,' and 'what people must be blind not Ito see,' together with still more darkly worded references to the past; to all of which the ' odd man' listened in contempla tive silence, his pipe in his mcuth, and his eyes fixed .on the glowing coals. Mr Grierly was comfortably lodged in a well-built, water-tight erection, over which far more money had by comparison been spent on warmth and repairs than had been laid out on Stoneroyd itself. The lodge boasted a modern slate roof, and some good furniture, and the wages of its master were never in arrears. Never, at least, for the past seven years of his employment in the service of the Fentons, before which period he had been as well-worked and as ill-paid as the other domestics. Ill-natured persons might well have hinted that he was well treated to keep his mouth shut on the subject of the tragic death of his nephew and adopted son Ned, and to reward him for having made so little stir at the time of the inquest. But Mr Grierly was not given to gossip. He had taken root at Stone royd fully twelve years ago, and was not to be moved from thence by any such trifle as the ghastly murder of his sole relation under the shadow of Stoneroyd s walls. H-le was a secretive old man, of unruffled temper, and impervious to cross- examination; short and bent in figure, and of an astonishingly ugly countenance, crossed and recrossed by countless furrows. Neither Birming ham Louisa nor London Margaret wielded the slightest influence over this Yorkshire fossil. Whether he thought at all was a question, but what he thought was not in any way to be divined by the mind of man ; for Grierly adhered literally to the Bible precept in limiting his discourse to 'Yea, yea,' and 'Nay, nay,' and Margaret or Louisa could safely confide in him at will. In Grierly's house were penned those long, ill-spelt letters, which the former so frequently executed of late, and despatched to the post, sometimes by her own hands, and sometimes by those of Grierly, who could neither read nor write, and who was quite ready to assist Margaret in com municating with her 'sojer sweetheart,' a mythical character of her own invention, to shade the personality of her scapegrace master. To him, therefore, on the day following the Dark Arches expedition, the following letter wls addressed by Margaret, at G-rierly's lodge: ' 1-IONounED S?I, 'Things are much werse than ever since i wrote last. Yesterday Master M. and Mrs f arranged to mete in a horble place in the town wich i have askd about and find it is dark as pitch and leads to a rivver and you must wark hand in hand all the time onless he caried her wich by the way they are going on i think is likly. Nothink was said about it at dinner to my lady and i am not serprised they kept it dark. They go warking and singing dooets together. And Miss o. nex door that he was wunce so swete on never comes now. And he has given Mrs f a pietur of the place wich looks ony fit for lost soles and wich has a young woman on a brigge clinging on to each other him and her I serpose; she has hung it up in her bedroom and slhe is spending money on the house and don't leve her bag wot you told me to wotch, about any more. And Mr g. is neerly as bad and never takes his eyes of her and wotches her like a cat does a mouse and writes poytry about her wieh he loves about and i will send you som e i don't know wot things are coming too. ' Yours respekfuly MAROARAT BURTON.' 'There'll be murder up at Stone royd again before long,' observed Margaret, with gloomy satisfaction, as she fastened the envelope of this epistle, and stared across the table at Mr Grierly with hard, expreasionless dark eyes. 'Ay, ay, very, like,' her host returned, knocking the ashes from his pipe with stolid unconcern. Perhaps he was reflecting that, since the last event of the kind had done him such pecuniary good, another tragedy among the Pentons was not wholly undesirable. Bis nephew Ned had been, to use his own expressive phrase, ' nobbut a worrit' to him, and Ned's removal had procured him many solid comforts, besides the payment of his arrears of salary. The ' fam'ly' up at the house interested him, collectively, as an institution ; but, infdividually, he by no means concerned himself in their affairs, to all appearance, at least. With old Margaret it was quite otherwise. To her ' Master Robert' was, and always had been, her one interest in life, and Felice was, in her opinion, merely a person of dissolute foreign tendencies, to be watched and sus pected in all her goings out and com ings in. Margaret was obstinate and un imaginative, and once an idea had taken possession of her brain, nothing short of a miracle could remove it. So she followed Felice's movements with a dull, fishlike stare to the last degree disconcerting and depressing, and made most unfavourable mental notes of the young bride's cheerful friendliness towards the male members of the household. About this time it was that Felice began to be aware of a feeling which haunted her incessantly after twilight had fallen on Stoneroyd. Try as she would, she could not shake it off, although she could hardly define the unpleasant sensation in words. Down in the Dark Arches it had first assailed her-that horrible, in definite fancy of a stealthy footstep on the track of hers ; a breath, a sigh, she hardly knew what, quivering in the darkness about her, until, with a sud den rush of terror, she would grope wildly for a match, and bathed in a cold perspiration, stare tremblingly into the newly-lighted room. Under the influence of this fancy, even healthy, handsome Felice began to droop, and grow listless, nervous, and low.spirited. She had subjected her heart to a rigid self-examination on her return from the fateful expe dition under Maurice's guidance, and she had been by no means satisfied with the result. Her spirits seemed to leap within her at the sound of his step, and the echo of his deep voice and frank laughter gladdened her as no other music had ever yet had power to do. He was full of little cares for her. Her favourite flowers, and books, and music-everything for which she had ever expressed a liking-he took care to provide for her in his daily visits to the town, and although he never joined in Marcus's dreamy flatteries, his brown eyes spoke volumes of affectionate regard. She tried to adopt towards him a motherly and fault-finding demeanour, which only had the effect of delighting a young man five years her senior. Then she devoted herself to Marcus, who sprained his right hand in some way one morning, and mournfully dis playing the bandaged limb, lamented his inability to perform his work, and joyfully welcomed Felice's offer to be his temporary secretary. This fact, also, the watchful Mar garet noted, and duly wrote thereon to SFelice's absent husband. 'Mr g. says he has spraned his right hand yesterday and Mrs f. she ups and says she will do his writing for him so them too has been shut up together in Mr g's studdy though wen i looked in at the keyhole they was torking and she was ony biting the fether of the pen she ought to ha been writing with and low and beold ! this afternoon i see him through the key hole agin wen he was quite alone take off the bandage wot was wropped round his hand and write as good and as easy as you and me wich provves it was an eggscuse to get her alone and tork sorder as they do ontil i feel right down wild when you my poor boy and dear master so fond of her like and her refusing to be with you or even to write to you and i would not tell you of sich goings on ony you kepe on arsaking me too and it is right as you should know.' For Marcus Gilmore, Felice enter tained considerable admiration and respect, His rambling talk, always amusing and interesting, and occa sionally brilliant, fascinated the girl,to whom literary men were a new revela tion. The man's whole personality had a certain charm by reason of his sympathetic manner, and a pensive melancholy, suggestive of a nature of noble aspirations too early saddened and blighted. She liked to think he had been crossed in love-as, indeed, his verses would suggest-not reflecting that it it is in the nature of poets, great and small. to gloat over it sorrow in musical self-pity, and to exalt tn. accident into a tragedy. Observing him from this sym pathetic poitn of view, Felice was quite ready to accede to his increas ng demands upon her time and atten tion. 'The sight of you soothes me, Madame Felice,' he would say ; ' it reminds me of something beautiful which has passed away out of my life, and left me old before my time.' He was fond of dilating upon the difference between their respective ages. 'Why, I am old enough to be your father,' he would say, 'there are eighteen years difference between us. At twenty I had hopes and beliefs as you have, as our young friend Maurice has also, but then he accepts the world as it comes, and questions not. Dans we grenier qua ona est bien a vingt ans !* You haven't hear that before ? I envy you so much to read, so much to learn ! The sweet jingle of De Musset is all wait ing for you to enjoy it; the slow, luscicus melody of Swinburne still a fresh experience. Don't start at the names, pretty,puritanical Madame Felice. They a e exploded bogies now, lesser men and lesser women have written far more nastily and less musicnlly during the past decade.' He rose, and took down a volume ofSwinburne's poems from his well filled book-shelves. Opening it on the ' Garden of Proserpine,' he begged her to read it aloud, and settled him self comfortably in his easy-chair to listen and to watch the reader's face. Reading unknown poetry aloud to a writer and a critic was a somewhat exacting task, but there lurked a curious magnetic effect in Marcus Gilmore's requests which seemed to ensure obedience from those about him, and Felice was daily growing more oppressively conscious of the persuasive force of that calm voice, and those dreamy, near-sighted blue eyes. Wrapt in melancholy content he was considering her sweet, slow rendering of the lines, when, at the close of a verse, Felice suddenly raised her head and listened. ' What is that curious tapping which seems to form an accompaniment as I read ?' she asked. A sort of click, as of two sharp subtances meeting. It seems just outside the window.' Leaving her seat as she spoke, she went to the window, and here another discovery awaited her. 'Why, Mr Gilmore, you have double panes of glass, as well as india rubber borders for the draught! Is it so cold here in the winter ?' He did not answer, and she con tinued, not heeding his silence, ' If it is for the sound you have the double windows, the contrivance does not answer. For here, if I rest my face close to the sash, I can hear it still tap, tap, click, click ! Then a pause, and then it goes on again. How silly of me ! Of course, it is the men at work in the stone quarries just out side I I have heard them out walk ing on my way to the old mill, but I have been so little in this corner of the house that I did not at first recog nise the sound, muffled by the distance. Do you like it, or does it bother you ?' She turned for the first time to look at him, and perceived that he had become deadly pale, and that his usually placid countenance wore an expression of mingled anger and fear in no way to be accounted for by the words she had used. As she gazed upon him in quick surprise, he appeared to compose him self by an effort, and apologised for not having heard her last remarks. ' Were you asking me something ?' he enquired. 'To tellthe truth, your . ending of that lovely poem had set e thinking on my own account eaving a wonderful romance in verse o which my conventional work-a-day muse will never permit me to do justice. Some weird story of a few golden moments, with infelicia to follow, and Felice for a heroine. Felica ! " The sweetest name that ever love grew weary of," as this very Swinburne puts it. You must read that poem on your namesake, by-the by, some day.' 'Not now, please,' she said, detect ing through all his effort at friendly pleasantry a jarring note of unreality she could not understand. 'Lest you should grow weary of me, as Mr Swin burne did of my namesake, I will go and dress for dinner.' 'Is it time?' he said, making a pretence at coqsulting his watch, but with no attempt to detain her,and full of wonder at this fresh indication of trouble lying beneath the surface of life at Stoneroyd, Felice passed from the room. Once alone, the meaning of Marcus's curious change of manner struck her. 'Of course I' she exclaimed, half aloud, pausing in the act of brushing her hair before the looking-glass. 'It was in the stone quarry, just outside, that Ned Grierly's body was found seven years ago, and Mr Gilmore is so terribly sensitive that the subject is still painful to him. I must be more careful. Both he and Mr Fenton *'How happy one is mn a garret at twenty.' looked terribly vexed and startled when I let my tongue run away with me on the subject of an imaginary murder in the Dark Arches the other evening, and I remember at Christmas time the same hush came over every. body, and Lady Fenton was nearly in hysterics, because I had been reading a ghost-story in a Christmas annual, and turned the talk upon ghosts. I have never dared to ask Louisa more about her suspicions as to who com mitted the crime. All I can do is not to think of the subject, and to keep myself occupied, so that I may shake off this childish fancy of being followed and haunted. Even Maurice isn't free from the creeping superstitions of this house, and I begin to feel that I cannot breathe freely until I am outside its walls.' (To be continued.) 