I The Insane Miner. L An Experience Which Proved Nearly \- Fatal. If'.'. Some yean ago, business led me to visit ; and examine a number of the silver mines of Peru, and at one of these 1 met with a strange and thrilling adventure. I ha obtained the usual permission to de- 1 seend through the narrow shaft down into the dark bowels of the earth, and a miner named Pedro had been sent to me as a f ' . guide. . , 1 merely glanoed at the fellow, in his eoaree, close-fitting, dirty oostume, with the lighted lamp, depending from hie akull- oap, and then told him to lead the way. I had visited bo many mines in my time that I looked for no novelty in the descent I was now about to make. The mouth of the present mine was only eome six or eight feet : in diameter, and the exoavation was bnt a few degrees from the perpendionlar. For the first two hundred feet our desoent was by earthen stairs — or rather by a succession of notches for our heels, out in the soft, moist earth. Great oare had to be experienced to prevent our feet from slipping— for, if the foothold were once lost, it might not be re gained, and the death of the unfortunate in- . dividual wonld probably be the result, if not the destr notion of all before him. Oo reaching the bottom of the first shaft, my gnide, who had not spoken since entering 7 the pit, silently motioned me to follow him, and led the way through a broad, winding tunnel, from which many others branohed '< off in different directions. These were old , veins, that had been first worked and were 7;.. now deserted, and presented nothing worthy of my attention. At length we came to another shaft, more perpendicular even than the first, and the desoent of which was by means of ladders, but with rungs so old, worn and rotten that I was fearful every step would give way under me. In this manner, by estsy stages, for we found a resting level at every fifty or seventy- 7 five feet, we descended to a depth of perhaps five hundred feet below the surface of the ' earth, and oame upon the miners actively 7 : engaged in getting out the ore. Toe soene tnut presented, wnen witnessed for the first time, has a strange effeot upon : the beholder, and if he is not reminded of 7: certain regions that shall be nameless, then 1 may we truly pronounce him deficient in that apeoies of imagination which is the ' most fed by superstition. Strange, hollow, : creaking, groaning, rambling noises come rolling in npon his ear from every quarter, while his vision is limited to walls and gulfs of blaokneBS, and here and there aBmall, mysterious light, like ignis fatuus , moving slowly about, and perhaps faintly revealing what seems a ghost, or a human shadow, with a pale, ghastly face, played upon by the changing rays of the swinging lamp be- : fore it, so aB to make it appear distorted and hideous. Having spent some three honrs in exploring and examining the mine, and thnB completed ; the business wbioh took me down, I set out with my guide to return to the world above. During all the time he had been showing me . about from point to point the fellow had been very quiet and polite, speaking only when addressed, and then answering in a brief, oivil, pointed and intelligent manner. On oar way to the ladder he cautioned me more than once to be careful of my hold, and pointed out two or three places where the rungs were more than usually weak and ; rotten. I mention these thingB to Bhow how little I could have been prepared for what . followed. On reaching the great tunnel, which wound around to the base of the firBt shaft, Pedro aid, with a polite bow : "If your worship will spare me a few minutes of your time, I have something I would like to Bhow you." ' " What iB it ?" " Come and see." "Is it far?" "Nothing of vast importance should be thought far," was the equivooal reply. "It is this way — pray follow me 1" 7 My curiosity being a little excited, I re joined as I went after him : " Make haste then, Pedro ; for 1 am anxions to get to the fresh, pure air above." Pedro quickened his paoe, and I kept close behind him. Turning here and turning there, out of one passage into another, the fellow! continued walking rapidly for at le&Bt; five I minutes, by which time I had got completely j bewildered, and feared he had or would get so. At length, as I was about to remonstrate, he suddenly oame to a halt npon the brink of what appeared to be a dry well, the mouth of which was about four feet in diameter, and the sides inclining outward from the perpen dicular, so that the bottom was broader than the top, and the entire exoavation slightly conioalin form." "Do you Bee this?" exolaimed Pedro, , turning his black eyes full upon me, with a peouliar, glittering sort of a look of triumph. "I see it — yes — a well." " Of silver, Senor — of silver 1 Ha I ha I Perhaps of gold, too, Senor ? Who knows ? And then Bpeak of the diamonds in a whisper, my friend, leBt the walls shonld have ears." " I do not understand you, Pedro," said I, wondering what the fellow oould mean. " Why, do you not see ? I am a monaroh —a King 1" " You ?" " Ay, me— just aB you see ma here— al though at present I wear no royal robe." " That is a faot which is quite apparent," returned I, scarcely knowing whether to laugh or look vexed. " Pray, your Majesty, where is your kingdom?" "My Silver Halls are here 1 " he said, point ing down the well. " Listen 1 what I want 'is a prime minister — one who aan tend to ! my affaire when I am away. But I am told j . the chosen one must be a spirit, and not a I mortal, and my royal pleasure is that you j shall serve me in that oap&oity.;" | As he spoke he sprang behind me, and j pushed me so suddenly that, not being pre- : pared for the assault, I went over the verge j of the well in spite of myself, and fell heavily ! to the bottom, a distance of some fifteen feet, bat fortan&tely; without breaking any bones, I arose with perfeot presence of mind, and as I looked np to the contorted face of the miner, who was now bending over and glar ing down upon me, the whole truth flashed upon me : i He was a maniac, and I was in his nwar I it was a terrible discovery to make in my (situation, and my heart fairly quailed at the thought that the place might be my grave. It would be impossible for me to get out without assistance ; I oould not expect help from the madman who had put me there; and what chance was there that any one else would find me, or even think of looking for me, In that out-of-the-way pl&oe;? These were my first thoughts, that flashed through my mind in an instant, and the next were that I should humor the fellow, fall into the train .of his insane ideas, and try what I might gain my stratagem. "Oh, mighty Monaroh of the Silver Halls," I said, "I deeply thank your Majesty for this evidence of your royal favor, and hnmbly beg to assure you that already have I become a spirit and your prime minister only wishing to do your royal will." " You look the same — we Bee no change," ' he replied, now using the kingly plural, " and they told us it would take many days to efft what we desire." > " Who told your Boyal Majesty this ?" "Our subjects." " And is it possible your Majesty cap be lieve your plebian subjects before your noble minister?". " We should not, perhaps ; but days are as i nothing to a spirit ; and as you are now a \- spirit, we will leave you for a few days, and thep let you know our royal pleasure." . . With this he smiled a grim smile, waved his hand majestically, turned and disap peared. I called after hint, but he returned ape no gnawer, and I could heat his echoing fdoffllli iIo%IJ fielding till they died out » the distance: It was useless for me to attempt to describe my feelings when I thai found myself left alone in darkneee, at the bottom of a pit from whioh I could not extricate myself, and in a part of a deserted mina from whioh, if I was wholly free, I might never find my way to the world above. Thongh I felt myself literallv buried alive, yet I did not at first wholly despair. A faint hope lingered that my gnide might go withont me, his oondition become known, myself be missed and a search be instituted for me ; but then the ohanoes were eo many against my ever being found while living that the thought only gave me the feeblest ray of oomfoft, whioh finally went ont in a horrible gloom that was worse than death itself. For three mortal dayB and nights— the time of whioh was all one raylesB, awful night to me — did I remain in that fearful pit; and then, nearly dead from hunger thirst and despair, I felt as if I was going mad myself. For a long time I had called and shouted and shrieked for help, and now without the fainteBt ray of hops, I staggered around my prison, beat my head against ite earthen walls, tore my hair, bit my flesh, and Bhrieked because of the horrors that seemed to set my brain on fire, and when at last I heard human voioes, and saw lightB flashing above me, I was in that state when the mjnd, hovering on the verge of insanity, iB not able to distinguish the true from the false— the real from the imaginary— and whether these were beings of earth or demons troio the other world, I had lost the power to de termine. My next remembranoe is of finding myself in bed, and being tended with oare ; bat it was two weeks from the day I entered that mine before 1 had sufficiently reoovered to relate my story and learn of the manner of my aisoovery. Pedro, it seems, had gone back to his work in the mine as thongh nothing unuau&l; had occurred , and subsequently, when questioned about me, he replied in a very straightfor ward and intelligent manner, that be bad conduoted me to the npper shaft, and then left me at my own request. It was there supposed I had gone out when no one was abont, and departed in a very uncivil way, and no search was made for me. In fact, I owed my life to accident --one of the miners, havinc occasion to visit a distant Dart of the deserted veinB, being startled by shrieks, the mystery of whioh he had the courage to in vestigate. My narration of the oonduot and language of Pedro was the firet knowledge anyone had of his insanity — though many now remember something carious and singular connected with him. An investigation proved him non eompns mentis , and he was removed to an asylum. 1 learned he had onoe been a laokey to a conrtier, whioh accounted for his sup posing himself a king and using language be< coming royalty itself. 