MB BUGGUES* CONVERSION/ ♦ / By Gkosyexoi: Buxstei:. " Ghosts1" sneered Mr Buggies, "bah ! rot! humbug1 Figments of tho im agination, iny dear sir—disordered diges tiou, queer liver, and so on, I know "Why, sir, my wife, poor girl, used to say when she was in a temper (as she usually was), used to say that if she died first she'd haunt me. Haunt //if / ha! ha I ha Poor girl, poor silly girl! " Mr Boggles was sitting jiver his wine with three or four cronies. In the gloom of the evening, the fitful gleams of the fire had suggested to one of the guests the idea of "ghosts. He was a tall, lean, sepulchral sort of man with it voice that seemed to issue from some hollow drum, \- and altogether one of those persons who, we should he naturally disposed to think, was given to supernatural fancies Moreover, he drank gin. His name was. Jubhs. " Well, T don't know," said Mr Jubbs " Perhaps some of these days she'll keep her word." "Eli?" cried Mr Buggies, settin down the glass which he was in the act of raising to his lips. " Eh ?' " " I say that perhaps she'll keep her word." " Pooh, pooh," said Mr Buggies. "Don't talk like an ass, Jubbs. Tut, tut, to think that a man of your abilities and—ah—so on, should talk like that." •' Well," said a heavy-looking man named Jinks, " 1 don't know," and ho drank off his glass of port. " There's no telling," observed a small man with spectacles at the other end of the table. " Shakespeare tells us that there are more things ill heaven and earth than are not dreamt of iu otirphilo pophy." " Shakespeare," said Mr Buggies com placently, " was a—a—fool." Mr Buggies was not the first person in the world who .hud given utterance to this opinion. In the reign of the George the Third intellect, " Shakespeare is poor stuff," and the George the Third intellect is the average order. Mr Jinks and Mr Jubbs felt aggrieved. But when a man is dining with another he is. of course, compelled to keep his opinions to himself. It was not until they were walking through Fitzroy Gardens on their homeward way that they expressed themselves very strongly about Mr Buggies' rude method of dis posing of a debaf cable question. "If it hadn't been I was sitting there as his guest," said Jinks, " I'd ha' told him what I thought of him." "Tell you what," said Jubbs, "it would serve him right to give him scare." -" It would. If we could raise the ghost of his wife now. Poor woman no wonder she died." " We'll do it," cried the other with en thusiasm. " We'll do it. Confound the fellow with his self-opinionated airs. I'd like to see him taken down a peg." Whereupon t he two friends there and then resolved that the thing should he done, convinced that it would he the more easy of accomplishment, inasmuch as each instinctively felt that Mr Buggies was a rank impostor, and like most bodies, an arrant cowarl. Time passed, and Buggies still main tained his defiant attitude as to the exis tence of ghosts. Nevertheless, he had latterly been somewhat agitated by sundry and divers eccentric noises and movements around and about his house, which was a comfortable habitation in Fitzroy, standing in a goodly garden and backed by a considerable field, wherein an Alderucy cow grazed. Now this cow had lattc-rly exhibited some evidence of aberrations of intellect. She would begin to bellow for no ascertainable reason about midnight, and if not locked up in the stable would tear around the enclosure furiously. Buggies consulted a veterinary surgeon, who examined the animal, and pronounced her as healthy a cow sis any in existence. "Then what makes her fly around at night aiel bellow fit to raise the roof Off?" cried Buggies, irritablv. x/asneri if I /oil,-- O..M <l,o Vet., " unless something frightens her. May be." be added, jocularly, a gliost is around, and it don't agree with her." This was a joke, but it. struck Buggies, nor, only as a bad one. but as one uncon sciously aimed /it bis heterodox notions 011 the subject of ghosts. He told tlie Vet. that be talked like a fool, but as lie paid that worthy a guinea, the imper tinence was pocketed with the cow—com placently. But this was not all. Con temporaneously with the cow movement, there were other signs " i' the air " of supernatural high jinks. Every cat in the neighborhood seemed to be /miniated by some interest of uuu.su/ileh/ir/ieter. They scattered about tlie roof, moaning and spitting fearfully. The hooting of tlie mopcliawks could be beard ; while dismal moaiiiiigs outside Buggies' bed room window, and sometimes a weird but suppressed shriek added to these fear some episodes. As for the watchdog, he yelped, and howled, and bayed, and barked until be grew as hoarse as a' raven. And Buggies began to be nervous. He put tlie servants on watch, and got a policeman to keep an eye on the premises. No good; tlie eow went 011 as before, so did the eats, so did the mopcliawks, so did tlie;.- dog, and tlie moans and screams did not cease. It was getting serious. Buggies had to drink an extra glass or ' two of toddy every night to steuify his nerves. He went so far/is to speak to liis friends, with affected jocularity, aliout these matters. But they looked grave; Jinks shook his head solemnly, and Juhbs re peated Shakespeare's lines reflectively. " Well, I'll end it somehow," said Buggies one starlit but rough night, as ho sat listening to the moaning of the wind, and the rattling of the window shutters. " There I There goes the darned eow again, and—/ind—" A mournful cry waslie/ird, as from some one in great agony, and just close to the house. Buggies shook. " If it he xiossible, after all," he mut tered, "and slie "has kept lien word! Perhaps I didn't treat her ov=r and above well—sometimes." Sometimes 1 The late lamented Mrs Buggies had led such a life that death must have been-welcome to lier. A faint consciousness of this circumstance added to the terrors which now began to take huh! upon Mr Buggies' imagination. "I'll sell the place ! " be muttered, " and that eow sliall he slaughtered to morrow. Gracious ! how that dog is barking. I can't stand it; anything is better than this suspense. I'll face it, wliuterer it is." • And ho buttoned up bis coat, uml clapped his hat upon his head with an air 0/ manful determination. Seizing the first weapon at hand—it happened to bo a hammer which he was iu the habit of using to crack geological specimens (for bedabbled in science, did Buggies)—be issued forth into the garden. This he traversed. Nothing was to be seen, and it was with a firmer stop and stouter heart- that he passed iuto the field. The cow was stabled, but she was lowing mournfully. As I have said, the night was clear, but the gush of wind which passed the field and Ijent. and swayed the trees therein, moaning the while, lent an uncanny iu fiuciice to the time and scene. Again Mr Buggies' spirits fell, and a creepy feeling Came over him. He shivered, paused, and was about to turn back, when bis eyes fell open an object, the sight of which made liim jump into the air like an acrobat, dropping bis hammer in the action. And then he stood stock still, paralysed by fear, and gazing with eyes that started from their sockets, and suspended bieatljing at the thing before liim. It was a figure of a woman, clothed from head to foot in a white garment, which covered lief arms close into her body. Buggies could not recognise tlie features beiatuse they also were covered, but bis excited imagination and accusing conscience revealed to liim that the figure ■was tliat of his dead wife, and tliat with out doubt she had kept her word and had couie from the shades to haunt him thus. The figure did not move, save that it swayed in the wind in which its ghostly garments fluttered cver and anon. Mr Buggies gazed until his knees gave away, and at least, with a suppressed shriek, he fell tr the ground insensible. . . . How long he lay thus I do not know. "When he recovered himself and sat up, and turned his eyes fearfully towards the spot upon .vliich he had seen the appari-. tion it was gone. He crawled back fearfully to the house, let himself in with alatch-key, and repairingtoi spirit closet, swallowed avast glass of brandy; then he crept to bed. But no sleep came to him. The gruesome sight he had looked upon haunted him through the night, and for many a night thereafter. But; singularly enough, from that , night the trouble ceased. The cow ceased to bellow, the cats banished their concerts to just and natural proportions, the watch-dog no longer barked his tail off. And, though Buggies set some stout fellows on the watch none of them ever saw the . ;liost. As for the mopeliawks, every body sniggered when Buggies spoke about them. Mopeliawks iu the centre of Fit zroy—pooh ridiculous! However, Mi- Buggies' experience had 11 very salutary effect upon his mind and manner. He no longer argued with such dogmatic oft'ensiveness, and, to [the sur prise of his friends, would listeu to the most extraordinary statements with an air of credulity and humble trust, wholly different to that self-assertive manner with which he had been won't to dispute matters bcyoud his ken. Altogether he was a changed man, and Jubbs and Jinks plumed, themselves upon the success and effects of their plans, with very good reason. ' For it was indeed to their ingenious invention that the matter was to be traced. The veterinary surgeon who hadheen called in by Mr Buggies to inspect the cow was in the secret. It was he who supplied certain herbs which, partaken of by the animal—being dropped into the field during the day— brought about spasms about midnight. Her bellowings were but an expression of pain; but, as Mr Buggies could not read cow language be bad been unable to interpret these. As for the cats, the wicked conspirators had gathered'them far and wide, encased their claws in walnut shells, tied their tails together, and otherwise caused tlicni to contribute to the hubbub. Of course, all this made the dog bark, while the mopehawks were simulated very easily. And, further, the figure which had scared Mr Buggies so dreadfully was nothing more than a fashion-frame, such as linen drapers use to exhibit ladies dresses. The thing, after all, was very simple, but it had been conducted with such caution that nobody had been enabled to make itout or expose the fraud. And, as the result had been so 'happy, Jinks and .Jubbs consoled themselves with the reflection that the end sometimes does, indeed, justify tho means. 