TI3TB * For -l,e raast Hint Inch aninUnn* For t!ie «Toag Mint neeiie railKtwui Far the 'nture Is (lie diiU.net . An I lilt Road tlikt ve can do.' MONDAY, FEB. 5, 189i. T.ASMANIA.NGOLD MIN[NG. Iw our mining columus are published to-day some important facts regarding the gold-uiiiiingindtistry of Tasmania, arid we feel sure such news will be hailed with general gratification by the mining population of the We3t Coast, even though very tew of them may be directly concerned, in a pecu niary sense. The work which has been progressing at the Tasmania gold mine at Beaconsfield, through a lengthened period of anxiety, °and which has mow been brought well within the measure of success, has been keenly watched by half the entire population of the colony. The ?striking of payable golden stone at six hundred feet below the sur face means beyond doubt the most important incidents in the career of au industry which is even yet only in its infancy in Tasmania. During the first years of our quartz mining an idea gained ground that the reefs of this island were unproductive, or at all events not payable at any great depth ; from the surface ; heiice the few mines that have spent capital in going down. Why such an idea should have been allowed to retard the development of gold-mining it is difficult 1o couceive ; except it be that in a few instances poorer makes of stone had been met with at 300ft and 400ft. But with the neverto be-forgotten history of Bendigo as a lesson, our gold mines should have been proved to a thousand feet year* ago. When the fabulously rich alluvial gold returns at Bendigo began to decline, and more attention was thus centred on quartz mining, grand re sults were attained for some years. But at 300ft the stone had lost some of its richness, and at 500ft it was, in many instances, poorer still. In 1865 or 1866 Bendigo suffered a con siderable decline, and the opinion that1 had been advanced by eminent geolo gists and experts, to the effect that the gold died out with depth, seemed to be on the eve of being justified. But the bull dog instinct of Bendigo's good old mining supporters would not let them give up the ghost, and in spite of geologists, experts, and pessi mists, the work ot sinking was pushed ahead. What was the result ? There are 20 or more shafts down over 2jO00ft, payable gold has been got to that depth, the district has yielded more than sixty million pounds of gold, and the camp that had been fore-doomed to extinction is to-day one of the busiest and most beautiful cities in the southern hemis phere. Wheu tlie poorer portions of the reefs had been parsed through, discovery after discovery of rich stone was made, and phenomenal yields were obtained at every succeeding level, until deep quartz mining became a potent factor iu the whole commercial and financial history of Victoria': And even Bendigo is not yet | satisfied. Mr George Lansell, Wuose us me is a household word in Australia, has ..succeeded in tiuking to 3,000Ai! What the indomitable energy and enterprise a few men have accomplished for Victoria is surely within reach of the Tasmaniau mining public to a certain extent. The theory that %ur .reefe are not payable at 'a rlepth has received a rode shock by the work done and gold won down to 500 feet in the Tasmania miue, and if the progressive spirit is strong enough in our mining men, a few years hence should see the gold- mining industry on a vastly different footing to what it is to-day. Deep prospecting has received a little — very little — assist- ance from the Oovernment hitherto, by means of the Government drill ; but half the expense of same has had to be borne by companies, and the money Bpent by the Treasury in aid to deep min:ng has, so fur, not been commensurate with the importance of the . industry. The development at Beaconsfield will probably be the' incentive to half a dozen of our best gold-mines to ' get down ' during this year, and now that there are several men iu Parliament pledged to assist mining, any reasonable de mand on the public purse will receive due attention. Should our gold-mining neighbors be successful iii getting that assistance which is nearly sure to be asked for in the way of deep sinking, or the free use of the Government drills, they will have our sympathy. Though the first flush of new victories in gold mining may momentarily draw public attention from silver-mining, yet the success of the one must necessarily re-act on the other ere long. And we, of the white metal searchers, are still sensitive to the fascination of 'the gold, gold, gold, bright and yellow, hard and cold, the thirst for which shall, while time shall last, en dure and die but with the dying world.'' ? - ' ' ? ? '' i ;' / '' c * MrO.E. Brown, acting Government Meteor ologist reports rainfall for week ending Satur day ub 121 points. : . . Button Bros, were quite bn«y on Saturday night, Mr Harry ButtonV last deal being greatly appreciated by the firm's numerous supporters. The Matabele indunn whose imp! destroyed Captain Wilton's patrol party declared that the Englishmen made a most gallant defence) and that the natives lost eight men for every one they killed. — Exchange. ConBtable H. Watson has (been transferred to the Scottsdale district, on account of the excessive rainfall of the West Coast not agree ing frith his complaint — asthma. Daring his stay on Zeehan, Mr Watson made many iriends from the -courteous manner in which he oarried out his duties, 'and though hia re moval from here will be generally regretted, it is to b3 hoped the change will be bene6oial to hia health. The ' Australian . Roberts ' ^aye an exhi bition of his akill at bllHatis in Saturday evening at Anderson's Exchange Hotel, before a fairly large and very appreciative' audience. He succeeded in defeating his opponents against odds, and his fancy shots evoked iipplauee. At spinning the : balls with hts hand Mr. Roberta is considered chimpion. He will give another exhibition to-night. Messrs Oraw Bros, and Creed's great sale of goods purchased from the insurance com* panies Sb 'Iiaunceston U meeting with great success, their establishment being crowded all last week with customers eager for the many bargains offering. A great many lines have been cloared,^)ut there* till reuutns /reveral lots which those in search of a cheap 'article Should talcs an early opportunity of ftipeot ing; The WUion Variety Show Co. pitched their large marquee on the vaoint piece of ground next to the police quarters on Saturday morn. 4ng, and in the- evening thay Ltd ; their -first1 performance. They did a very good businees, and were frequently applauded for their feats of strength, fcontortiohs, snake charming, plate spinning and oiher novelties. The show will be given again to-ntght, , when no ' doubt they will meet with a good audience, as it is a very pleasant half hour's amusement, ? '. : The road leading to the ' new abattoirs has just been completed, and the contractors seem to have made a good strong job of the work. . The completion of this coutract hag enabled Mr ^ Bergman, the proprietor of the new abattoirs, to get a et*rt on his building. The blocks havb all been laid, the Wall plates fixed, and most of lhe uprights reaiy for ereolion. Mr, Bergman especti to have the buildings all ready for use in about sir weeks time. This will be a great boon to residents around the old building, and those having to pass it frequently by a« the effluvia arising, especially -m a hot day, made It vetj trnple taut;-.. ?:...?????..? r- , ' The half - yearly Communication of the j GMfcd Lodge of Tasmania was held at the Hobart Masouic Hall on Friday evening. M.W.G.M. Bro. K. O. Giblin presided,, and j there wai a large attendance sf brethren, in cluding Bros. H. White, Eeyjroft, and Splonon {Jjaunceston), Crawford {Beaoons-? field), Hadett »nd GibMm (Zsebaa), «nd*une ' from neighboring colonies. Subsequent to the business meeting a pleasant social gathering took place, harmony reigning supreme till the termination of ihe proceedings. Referring to an advertisement we are to receive a visit tram tic Werner, of Carter, Werner, the knowp Victorian oculists and opticians. The speciality of the firm is the scientific measuring ot sights for specially to be manufactured spectacles. All those wear ing glasses no doubt will embrace this oppor tunity of haviog their sight thoroughly felted. Mr Warner cemw with credentials trom-swne of the leading Tasmanian residents. The firm makes absolutely no charge for testing sights; AU glasses are manufactured from the celebrated (Sena Optical GIms, guaranteed. The scientific works of the firmoaabeobtftined free at Mttler's pharmacy. Mrs J. Hinton ha; extended the tims till Wednesday next for tenders for the alteratlo a to her new premises, Tbc open lectjires of the Zeehan Bchool of Mines commence to-night at the A.M.A. Hall. The limes and subjects appear in Another column, _: . ' - Mr A. J. Hall, the well-known Launceston dentist, w$tl arrive by t«-ntglit'« twin -outis eeco'nd visit to Zeehan, And Will «ommenol the practice of bis profession at 8 o'clock at Clarke's Hotel, whore he will be glad to ace clients. ''..'?? 