THE HEIR OF BARTH. CHAPTER III. ( Continued .) Tbe Eecond day aiter, Doctor nrice sum moned a fnraiiy conclave— Myra, Mr._ Wrig ley, Mrs. Wriglf y. Doctor Brice desired to inform tbem of an important fact which should have been made known before, bat which had just: come to hia knowledge, i.e., tiint Tiufiv Barth waB exuectin' an heir. The will most be held in abeyance until the anticipated infant arrived, for, if a Bon, then all that waB supposed to be Myra's wonld belong to him. Except for knowing the sorrow to herself involved, one might have been inclined to -smile at a letter hastily despatched next day to Jasper. Do not come — not until I write f urther._ Perhaps all our fine schemes will perish. Something dread ful has happened. I do not know as I shall have any fortune at all. Maybe I cannot clear off the mortgages. Keep your position, dear Jasper, and let us wait— until, oh, until what and when ? I feal nearly distracted.' And then Myra passed monthB in wishing with all he r heart tbat Elizabeth's expected baby might prove a daughter. Possibly once in a while she gave way to the dim wifh tbat it would not live al all. But the hope of the child — of a creatine to love and to claim and to love her, upheld Elizabeth. The letters written just before tbe funeral and juBt after the reading of the will caught a fast ship and went speedily to India. The messenger of warning and of omen tarried a while in port, and the ship which carried it waB obliged to put into a Spanish harbour for repa'ra. Ill news does not always travel fast. Myra got letters from Jasper written be fore tidings of her father's death reached him. Then, at laBt, while hourly she looked to hear what he would do — whether come on or remain there — Elizabeth became the mother of a son. There was wonderful joy in the widow's aoul. To SJyra the word of this birth was doom. Now she heired but fifteen thousand pounds and for years Jasper Fitzroy must labour to disencumber his own estate. She could oot love this fatal baby. She could not sympathize with Elizabeth's de light, nor would she permit herself to hate the child. Sbe told herself that while unfor tunate she need not be wicked. She dared not begrudge the babe life. Still the very sight of him was bitterness and sign of her own loss and hers and Jasper's disappointment. What if Jasper, having never received her line of warning, had hurried off to her, and should come in elate with hope, hia position sacrificed, and find her all unable to fulfil her _pledges — poor aB himself ? Could she love the baby with this fear hanging over her ? ?Whatever of sisterly devotion was lacking to the heir of Barth was more than made up in the paBsionate devotion of his mother. Ten fold the love she had lavished on Myra and experienced for Sir Giles was showered upon her boy. Once more she had something to live for, to claim, to be devoted to. Day after day passed over the baby's head, and Elizabeth waB sitting up and gaining J strength, while to Myra the hours were drag ging slowly, for it was long since she had i heard from her lover, and she did not know whether to believe him sick, dead, or forget ful, in India, or approaching in equal pace England and disappointment. Here, in her retrospect of her life, as she knelt in the summer moonlight, Myra approached a ter rible and a recent period — the very day when last Elizabeth had possessed her idolized boy. That day Myra had received a letter from Jasper's partner in India, on old acquaintance of both the Burths and the Eitzroys. The letter ran thus : DeabJIiss Barth : Our friend Jasper, receiving your two previous letters by the same mail, at once made his preparations for departing, and sailed the third day aftor in the Ocean Queen. Unless some delay haB occurrod, he will be with you when you read this. He requeated mo to open and answer his correspondence, and bo your letter bid ding him not come at once fell into my bands. I sincerely trust all difficulties will be fairly settled ere this, so that you will be glad that he hastened to yen. If any disaster has happened the disap pointment will be terrible, as he left hors in eager spirits, leaving his business just aa it was proving exceedingly successful. ' Truly, etc.' This le'.ter threw Myra into a state of wild distress. She did not for one inatant wonder why JaBper was not with her to meet a letter leaving a fortnight later than himself. Her one torment was the thought of the doleful loss of hope brought to her JaBper by thelittlo red-faced eleeper in tho nursery. All day Myra walked the houue and tbo grounds in restless distress, expecting each instant to see her lover, and to tell him that she had deluded him and hia rntnrn was vain. In Bpite of herself, visions of disaster to the unlucky baby, of fits, of falls, of sud den disease, of the hundred and one ways in which even greatly desired and beloved infants depart out of this world, filled her ?£mntic mind. Then Rho saw the child as she went to her room. She fell asleep, almost hating the little creature. She had that restless, dream ful night. She awoke. The child had disappeared. Then the question : Had she a share in that disappearance? , This, and mournful enough, was, a woman's memory of ber life, moving an from light to dark, as the moon which had journeyed down the sky into a region of clouds and Bummor ram. Suddenly a giiaat black-dog, a belonging of -Ar ^ba, came under the window, saw Myra kneeling, sniffed and set up a wild, prolonged howl. CHAPTER IY. I HE FATE OF THE BABY. On the night when Mr. Titlow saw his ghost, the infant Sir Rupert Barth p«ssed through many adventures. Having been bunged, kissed and blessed by his widowed mother, his nurse undressed him and put him in his cradle. From that warm nest he was lfted by his Bleeping half- sister, nnd under shelter of her cloak he made tbe first journey of his life and his first acquaintance with outer air. Sleeping as tranqnilly in this girl's breast as in his bed, the buby-kni«ht was lifted into the moonlight and then daBhed into the waters of WilleBden Basin. Under water went little Sir Rupart. Down the hill went Jimmy Titlow. Back to Barth House, with solemn march, went Myra. Into the WilJesden B«nio plunged a creature that had followed, like a black shadow, all Myra's movements — her father's fa*ourite doi- ! Up came the doe, babe in tmuth, and with that strange instinct that seems often to over lap with reason, the animal not only struck for the nearest margin, but for the sloping portioD where the Basin boat lay moored. Here he gained ground. Coming to land at this spot, the dog faced a different point of th« compass from either Mr. Titlow or the sleep-walker. Thf drenched babe was heavy, and our dog led still by a wonderful instinct, took the way lying straight before him as tbe shortest way. It led him to the workmen's iittle dwellings The dog knew, »b well as a man, that the roscupd and soaking infant needed instant human care. It was written in the strange destinies of this little child that a home and a mother's arms should be open to him, cast out of his legitimate place. The first house which tha dog reached be longed to Sam Porter. Late as It was, Sam stood in his doorway. The man was weeping. Not five minutes had passed since he had Been his first-born draw his last breath. Leaving his mother-in-law with the dead child on her kriee, seated before the kitchen fire, Sam Porter stood in his doorway to drop those tears of whioh he was foolishly ashamed. The worst of Porter's trouble was not the loss of his child, though that hurt hirasore'y, bat that the death of the child seemed likely to involve that of its mother ; and Sam was a devoted husband to his sickly wife. As the young workman stood weeping at the entrance of his unhappy abode, a great wet dog came up to him and laid at his very feet a little, drenched baby. The baby gasped. Sam lifted it up. TbB dog seemed to regard this action in the light of the old Roman ceremony of parental acknowledgment, and at once dashed aw»y. Not to be less reasonable than a brate, Sam Porter carried the jetsam ioto the kitchen and laid it on his mother-in-law's knee, in the room of the little corpse just placed back in the cradle. ' Do something with the bit thing — a dog just 1 aid - it at my feet in the door,' explained Sam. ' Save us all 1' cried the woman, with womanly wit tearing off the clothes, drawing near tbe fire, and rubbing tbe baby briskly. ' Sam, warm up that mint tea, and put a drop of gin in it, and let me feed it. Save us all ! It's a lad, and hearty, too. It will be a week older than our noor wenn. Look at that. now, Sam ! So the world wags. Herr'B some woman ashamed to own her child, and she's pitched it into the Basin, and it comes out alive — and our poor laddie, with his mother's fife hanging on him — why he dies !' The child stripped, dried, fed, reanimated, there was nothing to-do but put on it th* clothes jnst removed from Porter's dead child. Triumphant over his disadvantages, Sir Rupert, clad in a coarse, yellow flannel night gown, kicked his fat legs, tranquilly succed bis thumb, and in the poor little kitchen, ten dered by these laboring folks, lay, apparently meditating, on tbe excellence of catnip tea with gin in it. A faint knocking was heard on the wall. Porter went to the next room. A weak voice spoke to him out of the dark ness. ' Sam,Iwantthebaby. It looked sick to-day and I'm so worried about it I can't sleep. I want it in my arms. Sam, what did Doctor W rigley said — is there anything wrong with my baby ?' ' Tuts, my girl,' said Sam, his face shrouded in the darkness, and keeping a firm voice; the baby's all right.' ' Bring it to me, or I'll never sleep.' Sam closed the door and retreated to his mother-in-law. The two eyed each other. ' Oh, what's to do ?' cried poor Sam. ' I can't go and tell Jane her baby's dead ! She'd just drop off herself before morning !' ' See here, Sam,' said the grandmother. ' Providence has just showed us what to do. You and I must just bear tbe burden alone and never tell Jane a word of it. The Lord took onr boy, but, see, he just sent us another in the mouth of a dog — aB the birds brought food to David, or some other good man, long ago. So, Sam, just take this little live fellow and lay him in her arms, and — Heaven help us — Bb^'l] never know the difference. Her room's boen none so light sin' she was Bick.' Sam Porter allowed himself to be coun seled by h''s mother-in-law. Who had a better right ? He carried the foundling and laid it in his wife's botom, paying huskily : | ' There's the baby, my girl.' I Jane Porter had just as motherly a soul as Lady Barth. 8hacl«»ped the little one fondly and poor Sir Rupert nestled off to sleep, quite oblivious of the change of mothers or the change of fortunes. Coming back to the kitchen, Sam stood by the stove, while his mothor-in-law, with many a sigh set the kitchen to rights, ' I mind,' said Sam, moodily, 'there's a story in the Good Book about two babies being changed over night, and no luck came of it.' ' Well, son, this change can't be helped, 'less we ar-- content to let poor Jane die of grief ; for it's only the baby tbat keeps her alive. Doctor Wrigley said so hia own bg'£ Surely the Lord will never frown on our taking iu a foundling, and all that remains for us is never to let living soul hear of the change, for if we do the Btory will creep to Jane and to the child, and all will be ruined.' Tbo old wife then took the dead child from the cradle and, while many tears dropped on it, she straightened the meager limbs, and then she pinned the little body up ia a fine white towel. ' We must get it buried quietly, Sam, or all will bo known,' she said. I can't bury my own flesh and blood like a dog,' replied poor Sam. ' No more you can't,' asseijted the woman, laying the forlorn little bundle upon a larger towel and strewing it thickly with gum camphor, before Bhe smoothly pinned on the next wrapping, and then 6iivelop9-5 ths whole in newep^p^r. HI e'en lay the poor, dear creature away on a shelf till the mom night, .and maybe we'll ses a clear way to do our duty by it. ' The neighbors have not been coming-in much ; I'm no gossip..' said Sam's motherin law, Dame Chitton, 'and so we beep the tiling quiet and make no stir, I make sure rio \- ne will get a hint o' it. And when the doctor comes again I'll keep the child in the dark' ' Unless he comes to see it, observed Sam, Bhrewdly. '3?or I'm mistaken if a young chiid can get used as this one has and not have a spell of sickness.' The next morning, Sam Porter was off early to his diy's work, and heard nothing of Timmy Titlow's dream. It he had heard never so much he could not have spoken, for he fe'fc convinced thiit th^ least disturbance about her child would cost his wife her life. Porter was assured, without hearing of Mr. Titlow's adventures, that a child had been into and out of the Willesden Basin. But when Sam returned home from his day's work he found his mother-in-law in the kitchen with the child on her lap and her face full of anxifty. She spoke in whispers : ' Jane's been improving all day. She's been feeling this child's hands and face and legs and pluming herself on how he's improving. And what a fine child it is, the Lord help ber ! And now, Sam, the child's sick; it won't eat since morn, and josfc hear how it wbefzes. It's lung fever, I fear.' 'I said so!' exclaimed Sam. 'What else could it bave ? Well, there's only to call Doctor Wrigley !' When, therefore, Doctor Wrigley neared Clematis Villa, after bis call on Myra, he wis met by Porter. ' Woald you come to see the baby, sir ?' Doctor Wrigley left the dispensary physi cian to tr?at the ailments of Porter's class of people, hut Sam had, previous to his mar riage, been the doctor's servant, and he had begged tbe doctor to use his skill for his wife and child. . The doctor never liked ia make enemies of what he called uflful fellows, and he had granted Sam's petition. Accordingly, Doctor Wrig'ey accompanied Sam to his house, and was led to tho judiciously darkened kitchen, and seating himself before Dame Chitton, laid a professional grasp on the child's hand and xvrist. ' Why, dame, this child's not ill ! It's twenty per cent. stouter than it was day before yesterday!' The babe moaned. 'Listea till it breatheB,' said Dame Chitton. Doctor Wrigley bent his head. ' The lungs are obstructed ; It has taken cold. Open the windows, dame, I must have more lith'. Throw back the shutters, this pace is stifling !' He took the child on hie own knees and, D«me ChittoD, with fear and trembling, opened the shutter. As soon as the light fell on the infant, the acute eye of the doctor divined that this was not Jane Porter's baby. 'Dame, will you step into the other room ?' be said, sharply. The woman went out alarmed. Doctor Wrigley promptly loosened the child's garments. He had never seen Lady B&rth;'s child, but he had often Feen the Porter baby. And Adsa bad described little Sir Rupert's birth mark. Instead of the scrawny fortnight-old wean of Jane Porter, here was a Vigorous youngster, a full three weeks old, and above -its ankle tbe mark that 'Ailsa - had bo carefully des cribed — a black, elevatrd mole like an apple seed. Here was the Barth htir ! Doc4 oi Wrigley could not bring himself to prescribe for it, as, for instance, he would have prescribed for a little Wrigley, in such a crisis. He reca'led Dame Chitton. ' Here ! There's nothing much the matter with this child. Dose it yourself, old woman way. Sam, step out with me ' Thus remitted to her own skill, the dame, feoling convinced that the child was really ill, called in a wise woman of the neighbourhood to aid her, a»d the two made such use of poultices, simples, and draughts as, united to Sir Rupert's happy constitution, within a few d«y,i restored him to full health. Doctor Wtig'ey, having ' Btepped out' with 'Sam to a spot convenient for confer ence, thus opened fire on him : ' Porter, that's uot your child ! Where is your child ?' ' Doctor,' replied Porter, 'I must make a clean breast of it to you, for I've been in a terrible way all day with my feelings. My poor child died last night, about one.' 'Just as I thought it would,' said the. do«tor. 'Now, Sam, where did you get this child P' Sam told the story as already known to the reader. ' And where is your child's body ?' ' Doctor, it is on the closet shelf, and I'm in a sad strait to give it proper burial. I can't miss that, doctor. I suppose I've done dreadful wrong, but what else could I do, with Jane in such a way ?' ' You have done quite right,' spoke up Doctor Wrigley, briskly. ' I should have done the s»me. You acted from the heart, Porter ; that's the brat way to act. I shall keep your secret religiously, and all will bo well, if only you and the dame don't prate or hint. If you do, you'll set into trouble. Your wife's life hangs on this con cealment.' ' I know it do. We're bound to keep it up, nir, but there's the dead biby.' ' I mast help you there, Sam. You were always a faithful servant to me. There, take that five pounds. I'll give you a certifi cate of death for th - child. You go into the city — take a cab, drive to the Ejst End and buy a little coffin. Come here, put th« child in, go to the nearest livery and hire a hackney coach to take you to Tower Hamlets cemetery . The sexton's assistant there is a good fellow named Tony Pettigrew ; and I will give you a note to hims- and you can have the child properly buried by to-morrow morning, and your wife will never know more about it. ' Ob, doctjr,' cried Sam Porter, ' you are the best friend that ever a poor fellow had ! I'll obey your orders this minute 1' Having thus found the Barth heir, Doctor Wrigley sought Clematis Villa, The little knight had fallen into Sarn^ Por ter's handa without Doctor Wrigley's inter vention, ond wtiB not to be ?emovod thence by his interference. ' What has become of that child ?' said Mrs. Wri'„'ley. ' Gips- ie0, probably,' s»id her husband. ' Well, I wish it were safe b*ck apa n. ' Yon are doing injustice to your family to wish anjthirig of the kind !' ' But what good will the baby's loss do to us when there is Myra?' ' Foolish woman! Don't you see, in the first place, I would ;-et ihe title. Then hav ing the title, Myra is naturally bound to help ins support it ; and again, I secure the Barth estate intercut and shall get into Parliament. I can stop this detestable practice, which I loathe. If Myra dies without children, I get the entire proporty ; and «ee there what I con do for my family.' 'Yes,' said Mrs Wrigley, indulging in maternal dreams — ' Yes, our eldest wouH be heir of the estates and the title. The bnby could — but there's Myra !' ' ' There's Myra !' Have you only one tune to sin£? Why, if augbt befalls jasper Fitzroy, Myra will never marry. Then I shall get her to make me her buaineBS-man to administer her affairs. We can manage a young woman alone in tbe w»r]d.' ' It does look very much to our advantage, but I hate to rise by so much misery to others. They say Lady Barth haB been in fits all day, and that Myra takes it much to heart.' 'I cannot believe tbat Myra is such a con summate fool !' retorted Wrigley. (To be continued .) 