P'OLITIU AL BOWLNGJ G01212N. lir S'oneitIII I "P UNeII." I :W\V are at it again--they and I..Tliey are bowling.' I am scoring. r I somotimes ask myself as to who Ilha the best of. the ame? All I know on that poiuh, 'as^1 look d ntilt oi the iuantty nw faces li thie ' new lounso, aund'miss a nand ntnny lh) tinos, tlinati minbra coae itnld'letbiira go, butl go on for ever.' . A quartor of a century ago, in 'the days v wheni my beird ivai blhick," 'sa? Gtirdton sings; I was in the same seat that I sit in Snow. Fasitsy the ehaigeul, betwixt" then and 'nowtl Speakers : tave .colle 'and Speaokers " have gio e -g " Sir Charles M1Ilhalion, Sir ,Oharles Dully,': Peter Lalor, Sir b[atthew Dovies, and 1ir UBent. ,And nw liwave a veterati of ti hundred political fights it the parseo of Sir C rnham 'eBrry., .'" Aitd then wlait' a. laiig jrocrealoi ,f Mlinistrieel' Why, ns, I cast, back no res, the.'. lino seades to stretch out till ithe crack of dnut-i-" :ghosts of 'dihd Ministries. , And' smn of' thrmanv were "giants in those: day."' ,' Do :.1 not recollect how Higinbathain thunderedI inI tit Senatte; howl MOulloch haggled unitd arguedi honw Grant pluaded; how .Baurrl? fumleid, and' Loginore ahntuat ' sawre? There, too, were W. MI. K. Vale 'ad C'O. E. Jones; and the old oulonol, nld the 'Professor. They were stars in those dalya -all lof them. . . Sonic of tlhem; if they were here, itroltl do as yet.:; Others are slirulktkilt aid of ,o accounttin the political wiorld.. J"Jhbi 'Daiilinitouilt' Wood was aloe that omuled large.. L?tigtntn e was. ndther. Now teilelteti of thol lenlin fild a conatLil..uley tli stanud gbdfather. to hues, titd, Vul aial Jonues are it the same categety;: I IometimeO rfelocton'tilhesO thlisl.:nnld" I aiu hibliost forced 'tu the ciamllitaniul that the heroes of olf time may have Ibea, after iall, very:littlei mel. , .Adoiniaemuun, if he lived in our time, ntivht have been over mri?itceld liy Tommy Atkins: 'And I wold ..t--lahat be williing to back' Shal: the Life GOuardsmnan to give 'Achiilles n .drlbhlin, twith hlis.godshilp throwli in: Thb fiaet is, 1wi were thou a yotutlg. Ilati:ln, alldl youth ilvnriably maegtillies. Thie house we were born-in alwnys liveis iit our memory twice .as massive as the reality . Anyway, here we are ngaini, ini thu olhlaing days of 1894,, with the Turneri Ministry oti tlie Treasury bet:ehus, biaked by a following (10 stroug; with Sir Janmes lPatterson lendintg ni Oippusitiiuin of saved; S.nd twith a Budget to dispose of bhefore Chllristlans contaitning no fewer than tlhreo now pieces of 1direct, taxation. Wh'len remember the gasping fears if forlmer days over the very mention of a direct tax, and see' Ilh' naudncity.with which' the Spresent Goiurimtit pomtoies r, plas threit ''such'iti two inouths, l' tiet temptid -with Brut Hart'to eliluir'' " " Do I slooeep Do I dr?,in! ' Do I wonele and dlebtit? Are things what the t aeibm.. C,,Or arte stion abouti 1,,, , 1 Oo...IN There they are, sure onott4ll 'AtIn hero in the . GoverIn r's 'promuimug dip :'lonatically to do ra .lltsins:,. tlting!.: tr The leader of thin Oplpositiqu, who can tIquoto Wordsworth inow literally, in " We anre Seveit." must feel danzed! anta asks lhiin self what it all means-that last session ., ho dare, nte, press e, evell lu poor IticotlO '.Tax,'and tlintw his .old' riivml tai rbimpin'g along undoer ahurdeon of three pieces of fiscal le'gislaioi: it .t, ) T'l old i Treiiasuriibrilts in thbe Cortr, neglected of tll men.';' The .itan who pre dieted that hI had a Budget which would roud?i lhimi'fa;lahis is" ahnliua'lt crised with the oditnm; 'f.! that 'Budget. His lnto colleagues nrake tle secret. mftt Iheir fWbliungs. There is scarcely ineo of themi but' ill tell yoi thlrit' " Carterdid 'it It'iliiite he'dtlid it; ' But if si, what sert of 'tuff liuii'. the other nombers of. the, Cabiuet, hlluv ?i?llt 'innmad oft ,., Oh I You lddn't ktow,'! said ann ex-o Minister i to moe ;thelothr 'day;: Ylou Sdon't know Cartor.'i WVheit hI geotthe bit Sb'etweint his'' teeth, he halwys hlteoh Twenty ,Pattersoits ciuldi''t hbld hint." I'smilod:"' *Cnuldn't youa have turned. ..t hinislid'iftdt "i " Nit. e were li-t strong enough to, quarrel.-it the face of 'dhe House.,' There you have it..+ Carter was strotig in getting his way, simply because hle was the only. ilan int the tenm whh *didn't canru a dump. whetherr e,kep ti'otice or not. If I know anything tif the Turner team, thleorot ill be ituman n i" it' whlo will beast the show.'; Odorge himnielf. thdughh lhl has ii will tf:his own,s .iatot 'uf thi" aggressive order, and ne foraPpoceck. . Isaacs, and 'Sargtod, they are stri:ng ,glinugli to) Chek ouno another. i 'a -, . ,.. . And what a fntuis prue ised f',r ipor Pattersot.'; If wi are ito take the Premier and tho'Attorney-General aeriously, they ''se0 gdiig' jointly'to "orush ''hiin.' Sir James wit llt t, fO lfaldttu receitly it d '"eriticii'd'the Ministeriiil jiliy:l p I' n.was not very severe.'" HB ni,al., nothing flint o:' uld havo6'punetilurl IIhellfiniiteritl skiut, or even have aitratclied it.' But' lio 'que tinned the policy of Ittitirg 'the Civil "Service go wnihoutl aunihtiitr slieU of retroncltaeut heiu'tg "rveid Olf. it:. Mr STuztimer sats thiit wel i lid'get"iits 'iit lte, ex-Premieri ii t?t'hiiiseu ,on that tiuestitti h]i will ibalverise him; and Mlr Isaatm its' displayed at, equally smiable disol.iti,.n. Tho eflurt is t be "'crushltitg." But Sir James is a mta\n ho ini, t:lkue I r. ,f '!crusehing". .ith w .ut b'ing daeniogly nauch the worse far it. .He may well :utlh his Ihgei' at ainy loi t Ih P i lia .una tn ry.crusli;-; , ,11 o e r actuI l i tetiIn n l gi/v tiill hi y tilU C.Ia h itu?.ui'he. Hti feels tl ht: his sild\1ans Lthi risoe ,fa ricket, nl hisa full I lu f(ll -f its atink. - \Vliat is of much- more consequence is the surly and sullen state of soum of thb old Turnerparty. Say what they like, thu Orrahan- atJd - Outrian piarlty are thioroughly dissatitillad. :They were killed by Pattureuta...They.f ou?lghi with all their puwor to ruturn thc ounpliauont.l ."ihey have ucceeeded, or have seen, uthers suc need, anId Ih I the holoers of dvai~ gt Ither where.- lt needs philosuphy tu beart.hisi. Anid, you know, Philosophy: does nou alwnya pair with Anmbitioii. To bir Shiela' credit bu it spoken that hIo who had : beenu the, wroret usoedof fur tteti is tho'muat i resigned .to the adveare strokes. He is not at all chagriind at being still a ?irivate ineniber for the House while hiia lieutenant takes the chief coin ianid.:,:Ori rather, it, .would .b better th any lthat if hl be angry, lie has the self coutroil to ftiititaully coneicld it. lie is a loyal hupprter of thIe Govoraiiuilt.: It is true that Mr. DuTfy is an old COn~. servatlve, auni is still a Freetrader; but lie has bOonuso" Inig"i it AsolatioInwilthikli Shiuls party, that -ho can'snarooeely recog also political friends.'even in the Opposi, ?ihn corler, and as for the front bench plialsitu, lie is inot of thetm. This huoito genicity of party eust.haver a binding effect ia distinguished' fruiit the dlsintou grating forces that lurk in private discou tatt.; 2.:o P' ih't :ad ýuT There is oti new membei r oftohe House 'who has already nadeo ble mark. r mean young Hundi Cook. His, spech lwaas as cool,as tluent,!as)froO frominervousniess, all aIs full of matter and thoughtas ifa hg were a sexagenerian instead of just tutned twenty. lHe will provu avwelcome , addi tioni't, the 'loutse; ? 1',?? -,*?'. .. ' ...• . . ?', ' aI|? " 