Mystery of Norman Chase, 'Wealth,' she was thinking, 'is often a blessing. Yet it often brings unhappiness. Just when he had told me of his love, the falsehood came out of the bargain that had been planned-for me to buy a coronet, for him to sell one. It is a humiliation. I wish the Will bad been kept a secret.' There was a tap at the door, and a maid servant entered, with a card:' Mr. Maxwell, of the firm of Maxwell, Weatherby, and Weatherby, of Lyon's Inn, London.' 'On private business.' Lyon's Inn! She had heard the name before, but, for the life of her, could not remember where, or how. It is needless, perhaps, to say that Mr. Maxwell, in his own person, constituted the entire firm. Weatberby and Weatherby were fictions. The young girl felt an indefinable uneasi ness; but what had she to fear? In her own house, surrounded by her own servants, she might feel absolutely safe. ' Show Mr. Maxwell into the library,' she said, follo;wing immediately afterwards. It was a habit of hers never to be person. ally attended upon by men servants, which old Lady Kennet thought evinced some disparagement of the grandeurs of Fairleigh Manor. The lawyer was standing when she entered, and introduced himself with perfect ease. Augusta, bowing to the mention of her name, invited him to a seat. He at once explained himself. It bad come to his knowledge, he said, that a certain part of the Fairleigh domain, known as Fairlcigh Woods, was in the market, and a client of his was desirous of becoming, if pos sible, a purchaser. He would not trouble her with details. A line to her land-steward would be enough. She looked at him, as if in surprise. ' tFairleigh Woods ?' ' Yes; that is not in the entail.' 'There is no entail. We are not 'Conque ror' people you know, Mr. Maxwell,' she said, laugbing. This domain has not belonged for half a generation to the proud house of Fairleigh. Now my neighbours, Sir Norman and Miss Evelyn Hedley, would think it al most asacrilege, to sell an acre of their lands. But where did you get your information? Ah, yes I remember,' she went on, as if with a sudden afterthought, 'the Woods are to be sold.' 'It is a pity, if I may venture to say so, my dear Miss Fairleigh,' assuming that father liness of manner which is so often used as a cloak. ' So it is, Mr. Maxwell, but,' said the young girl, 'the reason is a good one. I want the money r The lawyer threw bimself back in the chair as if aghast. What ! The Lady of Fairleigh Manor, reputed the wealthiest heiress of the county, already reduced to sell one among the choicest parts of her inheritance ! The ex travagance of half a century could hardly have accounted for it. ' My dear sir,' she continued, ' people al ways do exaggerate in these matters. My fortune was not nearly so great as they imagined, Besides, I am an awful spend. thrift. But he knew better. He knew to a penny what she had inheri ted not a year ago. We, too, kg what the schemes of this gentleman were, and he thought she was bantering him. Recovering his senses-for once over thrown-he asked, at length: 'Then Fairleigh Woods are to be sold ?' 'At a good price,' she answered with an air of business. For a notable idea had entered into her mind-a mind made foolish, be it remem bered, by exc?;:gf love. SYour card, Miss Fairleigh, will be suffi cient introduction to your agent,' said Mr. Maxwell, rising. 'The result, of course, will be for your decision.' His sight was sweeping the broadi lands around, which, by intrigue, he hoped to render his own, And.forgetting all about the card, he was bowing himself out. 'But you have forgo ten two things, sir,' said Augusta, amused at his puzzled appear ance. 'I beg pardon. Pray--' 'First of all, the card,' she replied, holding it out to him. 'A thousand thanks ! And the other ?' 'The name of your client ?' 'Bless my soul I had, indeed, torgotten that!' 'Well, and what is it?' she asked, still unable to understand the confusion of his manner. 'Captain the Hen. Stanley Hope, some times called Lord Stanley Hope.' 'Good-morning, sir,' said Augusta Fair leigh. Then, when she was gone, she sank into a chair, saying to berself: ' What is tbis? An insult. Ah,.now I re member where I beard of Lyon's Inn. Stanley Hope, are you playing for my for tune ? 'You shall see what happens to it ? Yes, come here; be my neighbour. Woo me for my riches, and then I can tell you that I am a bankrupt and a beggar !' Augusta rang the bell. ' Has that gentleman gone ?' she asked of the servant who appeared in answer to the summons. 'He will return, he said, miss, in half an hour.' When he did come, Augusta said : 'Mr. Maxwell, I myself forgot one thing. Should your client determine upon the pur chase of Fairleigh Woods, it.is understood that he pays methie moment that the property changes hands. That is, pays it into my bankers.' The lawyer once more went his wyiy; not at once, however, back to London or Lyon's Inn. To Norman Chase, rathcr--b'ut not to the mansion itself. For he was met in the Park Lodge'by the apparently inevitable Mr. Mathew Drake, to nhotr he related such part of the story as he deemed it prudent to disclose. 'But how will this help ,ou?' asked Mathew, 'I will lend Captain Stanley Hope the money." And then?' 'We shall see. And you ?' 'I shall have Miss Evelyn at my feet be fore three nights are over. These abdue. tions, I tell you, are useless. But I wish I was sure-of who is wandering about the old house.at night.' 'I can tell you- Evelyn and her father, and it is you they are watching.' 'Impossible.' ' Iknow it. Mathew Drake, Evelyn Hedley has made sure of you, in more ways than one, She has heard your confession and seen your remorse. I wish I were as near to the hand of Augusta Fairleigh as you are to the punishment prepared for you by the daughter of your dead patron !' ' My dead patron ! Are you mad ?' 'No; But Miss Evelyn Hedley has a genius for interpreting secrets.' CHAPTER XX. 'THEN he is is not poor,' reflected Miss Fairlcigh, ' or he could not pay fourteen thousand pounds for the Fairleigh Woods. What will he do when he comes here ?' He came. There was a little lodge attached to the parcel of land thus sold, and in it Captain the Honourable Stanley Hope took up at least bis temporary residence. Was it in order to be near her? Or was it to bring her pride of riches down to the very dust ? The purchase.money was paid into a bank at Baronbury. The new tenant was exemplary in all his ways, A modest household, a simple mode of life, appeared to satisfy him. In fact he assumed no air whatever as of a master. Nobody would have taken him for one. 'Icannot make him out,' thought Miss Fairleigh. 'I bave not, in thb world, a friend to consult. Yes, I hare-Evelyn.' With this fond and fortunate remembrance in her heart, Augusta called her maid, and in quired whether any news had lately been heard of persons or proceedings at Norman Chase. The poor Abigail had aegreat deal to say, but nothing to tell. The baronet, it was rumoured, had re turned. So had Miss Evelyn. The butler, as she styled Mr. Mathew Drake, was about, in and out of the place, and, once more, something dreadful had bappened. This was all the information that the girl, bewildered by varying reports, pretended to give. 'I will go there myself,' was the determina tion-once fixed never altered-of this gal lant young girl, more direct in her way, and less brooding in her spirit, than Evelyn Hed ley. She carried out her resolve, and awaited, with a trembling at her heart, her reception by the lady of Norman Chase. Evelyn appeared, composed, grave, and lovely; but the welcome was not warm. SEvelyn 1' cried the young beiress of Fair !eigh, 'I insulted you that night. Forgive me. I have repented of what I said. So has Herbert.' 'What did you mean?' 'That you had accused your father.' 'And what do you mean.now?' 'That I have heard it repeated.' Then she told of all that had happened. 'It was not of this that you came to talk to me,' said Evelyn, with some impatience. So Augusta opened the story of her little, soon-interrupted, love passage with Stanley Hope, the heir of Mountcastle. 'What do you think ?' she concluded, in the old confiding way. 'That he is honorable, but a dupe.' 'And of me?' 'Xou are not worthy of his love, because you believe in his treachery !' 'Then you do fancy there was no reason for this estrangement ?' 'I fancy nothing. I know that Stanley Hope never wooed you for your wealtb; that you never cared for his coronet; and that between you two silly ones there lies open but a singel gulf.' 'And that-' 'Is Constance,' ' But why ?' 'Because she loves him, and would do anything short of poisoning you to get you out of his way.' There was still the same cold, heartless, caustic tone in her manner of speaking, which galled Augusta to the quick. She pas sionately asked: 'You seem to understand all this, Evelyn. Tell me, then, why have you forfeited the re. spect of Herbert Leaholme? Why have you given yourself up to that reptile, Mathew Drake? Is it because he possesses your great, your miserable secret ?' Not a feature of our proad Evelyn's face -not an infltction of her voice, was affected by this girlish tirade. She only answered : ' Miss Fairleigb, you came, in part, to ask my forgiveness of an insult, and, in part, to seek my counsel, My forgiveness you have. As to my advice, it is that you never again cross my dark and doubtful path. It is not hospitable, but I am waiting for you to go. For the insult you have now uttered I forgive you also. 'Not even Evelyn, then,' sobbed Miss Fair. leigh, in the solitude of her room, when she had returned home. 'I shall go mad, or become wicked., Perhaps I am both al ready. At any rate, I shall write to Mr. Maxwell.' That writing resulted in :a coriespondence, the effect of which was that placards appeared all over Fairleigh Manor, announcing for sale the whole of that choice and delightful pro perty, &c.; Infinite the wonder. Indescribable the scandal. What had the young heiress of Fairleigh done with her fortune ? All the prbperties in the county, whose domains adjoined the estate, were eager to bid. They were disappointed, Twenty-four hours before the dayappointed for the sale, the vast estate changed hands, by private contract, without a single stroke of the hammer. 'And now, Mr. Maxwell,' she said, address ing the lawyer, 'that I am a nob'ody, with nothing except money to depend upon, 'tell me who is this secret buyer who comes into my place ?' 'You really wish to know, Miss .Fair leigh?' Id ' Of course I do.' 'Captain. Stanley Hope.' You are, of couarse, aware that you can, at -any moment, become once more the mistress of Fair leigh ?' 'You can leave me, sir,' she replied, steadily. 'I have no relations with Mr. Hope, such as you surmise.' 'I was not speaking of him.' ' Of whom ?'. 'Of myself. Dear Augusta Fairleigh, he is no nmore master here than you are a mistress. He isbeggared by his bonds to me, and you-you are blind, not to have seen how I bonour--how I respect-how, in deed, I love you, Augusta Fairleigh.' Speechless with astonishment, pale with in dignation, she suffered the man to make his avowal. We know what our Evelyn would have done. Augusta Fairleigh did nothing of the kind. She simply rang the bell, ordered her ugly visitor out of the room and said: 'I discharge you, sir, this moment, from my service. You have forgotten that you are but an agent in my pay.' .Were these two girls, then- this Evelyn and this Augusta-thus doomed to the same fate-to be estranged from each other and their friends, each self-abandoning the love and hope of her heart-both wandering as in a mist, with no light upon their diverging paths ? Each the hIeiress of a fortune, each the object of a plot, mutually separated, and yet as if with an interwoven linsl between. There were now no tenants of Norman Chase, Evelyn and her old nurse excepted. All thie servants were gone, and it appeared to tthem that the baronet himself has ceased his nocturnal visits. The evil countenance of Mathew Drake, indeed, was visible from time to time, as though he was still upon the search for a discoverable- something essential to his schemes, but he came and went with equal stealtb, always evidently disappoirited. 'What have we done ?' said Evelyn, one night, to her faithful attendant. ' We bare made sure of Mr. Mathew Drake and his forgeries. We know, too, that he is a robber. The lockets and the coin connect him, again, with some secret passage in the life of Henry Mainwaring. But these little keys Theyare what he is looking for, I think. And that other--tbat awlul thing that 'Hush. child! He is here again, and there is someone with him. Surely not Sir Norman i' Two voices, is fact, were audible, in angry disagreement coming up the corrider, passing in front of Evelyn's apartments. * I tell you,' exclaimed one, loudly, ' I am not to be frightened by your cowardly stories. We must settle this affair at once. Why, my very life hangs on it. How long do you suppose the business of the Fairleigh estates can be kept ?' ' Well, what do you advise ?' The speakers were Drake and Maxwell. *'Besides,' Maxwell went on, 'you said that in three days you would have the girl at your feet.' The two worthies passed out of hearing. But the following morning it bad become evident that some extraordinary proceedings were in progress. The shuttered windows were all thrown open. A number of persons were about. All whispering had ceased. The steward, so to call him still, went in and out of the various rooms with an air of authority. 'Areyou afraid of that man, Martha?' said Evelyn. 'Not I, in daylight, with other people about,' answered the woman. But at night.-' 'He might murder you as he murdered my father's guest.' ' You tbink that ? At last you think that ? 'I am sure of it.' SNow may you be blessed for the rest of your life, dear child,' sobbed the old nurse, folding the young girl in her arms; 'and never will I think anything different again ! Never ! And yet--' ' And yet what, Martba ?' 'Why was Sir Norman in Mr. Mainwarinog's room'-nobody ever thought of calling it any thing but * Mr. Mainwaring's room'-' that night ?' It was a cruel, though an unintended blow. It b;ought back upon the soul of Evely. Hedley all its dreadful doubts, which she had hoped were laid for ever. ' But go,' she said, ' tell Mathew Drake that he is wanted in the Yellow Room. Say no more. Evelyn Hedley was once again, in spirit and manner, the mistress of Norman Chase. The steward came, wondering at the call. Who could possibly want him ? He entered the chamber, and stood, as if petrified, in presence of its beautiful occu pant. Evelyn leaned back in an easy chair placed by the window. Her white morning costume harmonised with the brilliance of her complexion and the lustre of her hair. ' Mathew,' she said, slowly raising her eyes, and encountering his with steady haughtiness, 'I sent for you to know upon what authority you are giving orders at Norman Chase in my father's absence ?' He stood and stammered, and seemed, as he was, utterly abashed. This man of brass could even blush before the pure dignity of that young girl whom he had insulted and injured. But Mathew Drake was not a person to be loong in recovering himselt. 'Sir Norman is about to return, Miss Evelyn,' be said, all his old fluskeyism re turning. ' His absence has been unavoidably prolonged.' 'Sir Norman was here three nights ago,' she answered, sternly. ' And he is not about returning.' He started with genuine amazement. 'Here i When? Miss Evelyn, you astonish me.' 'He was here, Matthew Drake, on the night of your visit to tihat room.' ' When ?' He was very pale, but very collected. ' When you saw the ghost of the dead.' There were now some moments of the deepest silence between these two. Then Mathew Drake by a huge effort re covered his self-control, and spoke in a per fectly natural tone, though his face was ghastly pale. *What Sir Norman's purpose may have been in secretly coming here, Miss Hedley, or why be should absent himself at all I know not, but I am still his confidential agent, and his instructions are that a fresh inquisi tion should be made in this house for the will of the late Henry Mainwaring. You best understand why he should be miserable until he has relieved himself from the sus picion of which, rightly or wrongly, he con siders you to have been the cause.' She restrained herself. The moment had not yet come for tearing the mask from the mah's face. Martha Page had been present only during a part of the interview. She now came back. 'There is luncheon ready in the Blue Breakfast Room,' she said, ' will you not go, dear miss ?' 'Pardon me, Miss Page, but I hardly think Miss Hedley will care to sit downwith a roui;h old lawyer and the two or three pro fessional people he will bring with him,' interposed Matthew Drake. 'Whose guests are they, sir?' Evelyn asked, haughtily, passing out of the room, iwithout another word. They found, not an ordinary luncheon, but a most rare and delicious feast prepared, with winei of a vintage so costly that Sir Norman had been somewhat sparing of it. Evelyn saw this with indignation, and also that the repast was prepared with apcessories of her father's richest silver and gold. Just then the great lion's head knocker at the door of the Norman ball sent its tbunder ing summons through the building. 'See who it is,' said Evelyn, to a man in livery. 'Mr. Maxwell, from London,' he reported, returning, 'with five friends. To see Mr. Drake.' 'Tell them to go round and come in by the back entrance. And see that they have refreshments in the housekeeper's room. Come, Martha, this seems very nice. Sit down, and we will enjoy ourselves. Mathew, do nothing until we have finished. I will direct the search myself, though I am tired of these searches in the dark. First, fetch me the keys of my father's wine-cellars.' Mathew Drake could have foamed with passion. The little banquet at which he had intended to preside with all the ostentation of a master, appropriated by others; his guests sent round to a kitchen door; the cellars locked against him i and all his grand boast ings to his lawyer confederate bro'ght to shame-it was galling, maddening, goading him to a vengeance which he did not yet dare to accomplish. i here was not much reality in Evelyn's pro fession of zest for the the little feast thus un expectedly spread before her; but she was rt natural girl, with no Byronism about her. Presently, however, the-investigation com menced. The strangers appeared ill- at-ease, but Eve lyn took not the slightest notice of them. 'No one enters my roomsl' she said to Mathew Drake. 'You maymake yet another examination of Mr. Mainwaring's, if you please.' What was she doing ? thought the livid. laced man to himself. Was she playing at suspicion ? Or had a gleam of light, reddened with blood, broken upon her mind ? 'It will be in the older parts of the mansion that we may, perhaps, find what we are looking for,' he replied. He led the way, with apparent indirectness, opening all kinds of receptacles, pulling out papers, tapping walls, as if expecting secret panelsto fly back, and going through a pantomime which excited the contempt of at least two among those who were looking on, and reaching at length the chapel-like room where Evelyn and tier nurse had seen him so curiously occupied. Evelyn noticed that the stone in the pave ment over the grave-like hollow was perfect ly level with the rest. A more practised eye would have observed that the crevices had been filled in with cement, and dusted over. There was not the slightest trace of dis turbance. ' What is in those chests?' she asked. 'Nothing, I think, Miss Hedley,' said Mathew, whose blood was very near boiling point by this time, 'except old leases and so forth. However we may as well see.' Coffer after coffer was searched, but it seemed as if the men were careful, for a con siderable time, not to come at what they wanted. But at length, both Mathew and Maxwell uttered a simultaneous cry. 'The Last Will and Testament of Henry Mainwaring, etc., etc.' ' With your permission, Miss Hedley,' said Drake, 'we will adjourn to the library, where my friend, Mr. Maxwell, will read this docu ment in proper form.' He could bardly conceal his exultation. Five minutes more, and the vast inheri tance of Evelyn Hedley, under the Mainwar ing Wtll, would pass irrevocably away from her, unless she consented to unite herself with him. Ruin to her father, ruin to herself, would be the inevitable consequence, for he well knew by what tenure the domain of Norman Chase was held. He pretended to take a covert glance at the contents. 'From wbat I can see at a mere glance,' he said to her, as they all entered the room, ' I believe I may congratulate Miss Hedley upon inheriting the wealth of the late Mr. Mainwaring.' 'Your congratulations are nothing to me, sir,' she answered, sweeping by. 'Mr. Maxwell, will you take possession of that paper? Mr. Drake has no business with it.' Mathew sofily rubbed his bands together. His turn was coming now. How he inwardly crowed as the long list was read of the properties and investments constituting the great Mainwaring inheri tance. All to be Evelyo's, if Evelyn would marry him. If not, bis unconditionally. But it must be said that the idea of pos sessing her added an intense zest to his assured prospect of wealth. The lawyer read on moonotonously, until he reached the words: 'For the love I have borne for the said Evelyn, from her childhood.' Mathew looked perplexed. He was very pale. The crisis of his daring project had arrived. Mr. Maxwell stopped reading. 'Go on ' cried Drake, forgetting himself in the excitement aud impatience of the moment.' 'That is all,' said the lawyer, quietly, though a smile flickered upon his thin lips. 'What-no codicil ? No conditions?' gasped the lofuriated schemer. 'None whatever-not another line; not another scrap.' Utterly frank now, Drake sprang towards towards the table; biut Evelyn had calmly possessed herself of the parchments, and was holding them behind her back. Mathew, in his first violenc e, had to be forcibly restrained. The young girl waited until, exhausted; he sank into a chair. Then she stood before him and said: 'No, sir, Evelyn Hedleyis not bound, in her inheritance of this fortune, by the condi tions Mr. Mathew Drake would have imposed upon her. You may explore an old grave, but you will find it empty. Except, indeed, that it may contain a certain piece of rope.' She was turning away when be leaped to his feet; his face was.horrible to see, so white was it and so distorted. His voice, too, was totally changed. Indeed, he gnashed rather than pronounced the words, gesticulating furiously at the-same time: 'Very well. So you think, young lady, I am beaten. Suppose I now prove that you are not Evelyn Hedley at all I' CHAPTER XXI. NORMAN Chase was, of course, no longer, for the present, at least, a residence for Mr. Mathew Drake. He, therefore, sought his confidential friend, the lawyer of Lyon's Inn, and a scene of bitter recrimination ensued between them. 'I expect my share of the agreement to be carried out, if you have bungled yours,' shouted the attorney, at last rising, as if to end the conference. 'Where is the will?' The steward could not answer. Anger had taken away his power of speech. 'Well ?' said the other. 'Maxwell,' answered Drake, with a strange quietude, 'sit down again. .We must not quarrel. Pass that wine.' . 'Not too much of it, my fiend, Now, what is your next move?' 'To find Sir Noraian.' 'And then ?' 'To extort a confession from him. I can do it.' 'And afterwards?' ' To use it in coercing her.' 'But if she will not be coerced?' 'You said something about the mud under the pool at the Black Moat. There is mud, also, under the pool at Norman Chase, Each could keep a secret.' That which Mr, Mathew Drake had hitherto called his love for Evelyn Hedley was now turned to a venom as nearly ap proaching the malignity known as hatred as any human feeling can do.' It would be useless to follow in detail the fresh plans laid by these conspirators-the one hitherto bamed, as it maddened him to think, by the intelligent courage of a mere girl; the other plotting how his dupe, Stanley Hope, could assist bim int his designs upon the person and the fortune of Augusta Fair leigh. But Captain Stanley Hope had a little more character in himn than his disinterested friend, the lawyer of Lyon's Inn, suspected. At that very moment, he was shielding his love against the persecution of that over clever villain. Once mtore the interweaving process was going on between the two lives that form the threads of this history. Stanley bad not been duped by the at torney's statement of Augusta Fairleigh's sudden fall from affluence to comparative poverty-whether through a flaw in her uncle's will or from any other cause he would not explain. But he was totally ignorant of the fact that he himself had been put forward as the pur chaser of her estates. Mr. Maxwell was playing a desperate game, and, by offending the young lady, had placed himself in a position of a fearful danger. 'Mathew, my friend,' he went on, after these and other points bad been discussed, 'I am afraid those girls are too much for us. We have mistaken their characters entirely We have been too impatient.' 'Or not bold enough. I, for one, ought to have destroyed that document entirely.' 'Evelyn would have caught you in the act. Remember, she must have been watching you.' 'Then I would have ' His face grew whiter as he spoke. 'Hardly-there was that woman with her.' The conspirators were reading each other's hearts. What they read there it might be difficult to tell. 'Why does she show the least forbeaiance to me ?' suddenly asked Mathew. 'Surely, the last words you addressed to her may account for that. Did you mean them ?' 'Yes, though I cannot prove them as yet. But you-what is your next move ?' 'I must dispose of myself, or else of Augusta Fairleigh. Perhaps of that Stanley too.' His companion eyed him with an admira tion not a little clouded with fear. SWholesale I' he muttered, as ifto himself. So they separated, If the astonishment of the county bad been great when Augusta Fairleigh parted with her patrimony, still greater was it when the young lady herself disappeared, leaving no trace be bind. She had vanished in the night, taking no one with her-no one, at any rate, from the Manor House. Nor was anybody missing from the neighbourhood. As to Lady Kennet she was the most angry and bewildered of all. 'I said so,' she groaned. ' I said she would fit out a privateer and wear men's clothes, if the idea once got into her head.' That she had been kidnapped and carried away, was not for a moment suspected. In fact, her recent proceedings, it was thought, would account for any amount of eccentricity. She had never mentioned her London adven ture, and the only person aware of it was Stanley Hope. He beard the news at his quiet lodge in Fairleigh Woods, It disturbed him greatly. She was stil his darling, and, estranged though they were, he would gfve his life to save her from harm. If she had gone away voluntarily-why ? If not, who had snared his innocent one perhaps to her. ruin. Involuntarily, his thoughts reverted to the lawyer in Lyon's Inn. He remembered the inuendos he had heard there. Thither, accordingly, he went, No. It certainly was not Mr. Aothony Maxwell, that most respectable solicitor, who was responsible for the disappearance of Miss Augusta Fairleigh. For, the terror he betrayed, the oaths he uttered, the execrations he heaped upon him self, were too frightful not to be sincere. 'Gone!' hbe absolutely shrieked, when lelt alone. 'What has she taken with her? Here, Gilbert,' he cried, shouting into the outer office. 'Get on your livery, we are going down to the Manor again.' 'Gone, sir,' said that worthy, with an air of supreme astonishment. 'Where? Who with ?' His amiable master anathematis:d him, and repeated his orders. Nor did Mr. Anthony Maxwell, whom this intelligence infuriated to the last pitch of exasperation, since it portended new perils to him, learn more at Fairieigh Manor than Stanley Hope bad done. But Stanley Hope was on his quest, and not inchined to abandon it. Evelyn sat alone in her chamber at Nor man Chase. The proud young face was very pale. In her robe of violet velvet, with a plain gold belt round the waist-for she dressed richly from instinct, whatever her sorrows, she looked .extremely beautiful. One of tlhe lockets sparkled on her white throat. She was thinking of her earlier memories, of those pleasant school days by the Rbine bank; of the father whom she had never before known; of the strange love he had manfested for her; of his equally singular guest, and the awful murder, whose mystery still hung like a thundercloud over her home; of Augusta; and, must it not be said ? -of her shattered love, which like the light ot a sunken sun, had cast so strange a glow upon her youthful life. No thoughts of Mathew Drake, or of the fortune that bad been imbrued in blood, entered into the dream-for dream it was, sad and sweet, of the past, and of this tender penseroso. They were too vulgar for so heart-born a reverie. There was a knock at the door. 'A gentleman wishes to see you, Miss Evelyn,' said Martha Page, 'a stranger at least to me.' Instantly, Evelyn's apprehensions were kindled. 'Does hegive no name ?' 'Captain Stanley Hope.' 'I have heard it before. I will see him.' Wondering, however, what this visit might imply. He entered, introduced himself with easy composure, apologised for what might be re garded as an untimely visit, and pleaded that only the deepest anxiety could have induced him to intrude upon Miss Hedley's retire ment; . Evelyn saw that the young man was under the influence of some deep emotion, dismis sed all thought of herself, and listened to his story. 'You are Miss Fairleigh's friend,' he con cluded. 'I cannot even guess why she has quitted her bomrne. It was for no evil purpose I would say, though the day were black as the night with calumnies against her. Miss Hed ley, if she has found sanctuary here, I do not ask you to betray it; tell me, only, that she is safe.' The beart of Evelyn Hedley smote her when she heard these words. Here was faith in love, and how had she herself been want ing in it. ' Mr. Hope,' she said, 'I have heard none of this before. To be frank, Miss Fairleigh and I have not met often lately. You feel sure she is gone of her own free will?' 'I am. Therewasonlyone personinterested in violentlyabducting or treacherously luring her away, and he has been maddened by the news. I must find her, though I shall have to throw up. my commission.' ' Were you going abroad, Captain Hope ? 'I am under orders for active service for' India. My friend, Captain Leabolme, promised to meet me at Portsmouth.' Not even her girlish self-possession could prevent a start of surprise, 