THE DEAD GALLANT By Outbam Tristbam. CHAPTER II. "A GARDHNEB AMONG HIS FLOWEBS With the signs of desperate travel still clinging to them, the two rode side by side—and not a little stared at—to the Three Tunns in Newgate Market. Here they dismounted from exhausted horses, and made the best of their way on foot to a large house standing in Burners' Bow. Th'i honsn ttos a corner one. In bygone days its walls had sheltered prosparoua owners ; but the days of its prosperity had passed, and all that age now lent to it was an air of ruin without nobility. A leprous decay clung to its timber and plaster work} ita many windows were blind with dost; ne faces were ever seen at them; no light from them ever beaconed kindly hospitality regnant with- in, It was a dead houseand its topmost storey hung over the narrow street wickedly. ItB heavy door opened cautiously to "Captain Fortescue's gentle summons. If man or woman's hands opened it, they were not seen- The door opened as if of its own accord j the two travellers passed htprriedly is, Then the door slowly and captiously closed again, and silence wrapped the street. This silence remained unbroken till the faint grey of dawa touched the house's topmost gables, and showed ita haggard Outline against the clear paleness of the sky. Then a side door opened noiselessly, and a bent form passed quietly into the street. The form was that of * lame pettar, whose knotted black hair and beard shadowed a tanned face. His pack slung . on a hunched back. He stepped backwards into the empty street, and eyed the house, still wrapped in its sombre sleep, viciously. Ho laughed aloud, a strange, silvery, penetrating laugh, musical but menacing. Then hie turned, and went swiftly on his way. His was a strange way. A way as deep and dark as traveller ever trod in this world or the next. It was a way which ran ruthlessly aver happiness blasted, homes made desolate, and bright honour, never yet stained, tarnished for ever. It was a way paved with hireling gold, and te. be cemented ankle-deep in young gallant blood; bnt it was a way which (his podlar chose to take,.and he took it. It led him under a brightening sky through the long lengths of Fleet Street and the Strand, past Charing Cross, a noble monument standing in a village High Street, and out into the green oountry beyond. A meditative figure with head bent, he limped fiercely on deep dusty roads, his downcast eyes seeing nothing but his fixed purpose, his ears closed to all sounds but terrible prompting voices within. Soon the day's life began to stir around him > smoke rose slenderly from cottage chimneys; other wayfarers appeased. But on all conditions ot them the effect of this lame pedlar's presence was the same. At sight of the doggsd detarmination of his swift approach ooirntry girls turned aside.-frightened. Travellers westward bomnd like himnnlfj whom he passed without seeming to see them, stopped and stared; travellers bound Lcndonwaxds, who met him face to face/gavo him the whole -road, as they wouldhave done to some mad dog. Flies attracted by J 1 is immobility buzzed. in clouds about his head* eoxne boys, bound for the hay-fields, : resenting *' good morrow not returned, threw eto&eB;, But the lame pedlar walked ixrlreinfcef him. along th« way which lie hafrffiosen. it led him, footsore and white Vltiit, into the gre«n_ shelter jof Barn; Elms. Herebe elaokancd. his pace for the first time,-wiped the sweat from his brow, slightly arranged his dr ess; then he limped do*n a short avenue which Jed to the side -entrance of a large red- brick house. Arrived at a small door, midway down a long , wall which a line of fine chestnuts shadowed, the pedlar took a sudden, hasty glance behind ham, as if to see whether he was followed y then he knocked four tijn&s; quickly, and was admitted. He was admitted into a spacious garden, full of flowers/And supshine,by alean, pock-marked man, withered hairi thin/lipa, and long, moist, nail-bitten fingers/which worked about his month nervously. These fingers should have been a forger's; they excited at first sight ainirked,Slicking of fiie pnlsi, a symptom which their owner additionally aggravated by adreadful slow; smile. The red-haired man was convulsively studying a cypher, and looked like a vicious fox disturbed. t- i The pedlar, however, whose l^mentws had surprisingly left him as the garden gate had closed, remained uninoonvgnienoed by these phenomena— from long familiarity, doubtless—-for be greeted- the red- haired manheartaly as M^Phillips, said thathe had coihe ^om and asked, therefore, to see him at'once. " Yes, Mr Maude," said Mr PiulMpB - X H. Without another word he Cornea and led the way to. the further ead of the garden, smiling dreadfully at luxuriant rose-trees as he passed fhen^ andfinely biting lus nails. Mr Maude,as he followed in the,- other's footsteps, disembarrassed himsetf tilbwly of his facial disgniaes, and unloosened his ragged jerkin, beneath wfcieh the grey ' velvet of Captain Ferteecue'fi serving-man appeared. ./With hia fair oomplexion freed from walnutand a yellow rosesfo&inhisKsar;, he would have looked exactly as he looked the day before when he foliowedhis master so a«ridntnn|y tteDewar JuBit > wafe^sJrapa snake who had but half ^^aaOt wsSfe aaothflrkina ofjupg&r;'e > jSafctie was abort^jM. li^Jfilus was aaort <^ qpoken rt^bhoir tooki$£he aatf." K -'ji'-:--- v v stopped smft&Sg;, lauL 'Qjax gtwdehgr of * farther' specimen^ hisiife,Mr £jMia*t. Bictonedjte ^menV^fipMf reservations Jesuits reached then, selves* :whose sinister system Vtfiieiian prieat, having brought to t ,f is 1 grsit undemrner's ear the most secret purpose of the King of Spain) ? WaB it marvellous that Mr Maude should tremblef Spy, he was about to face his Order's Master-Spirit—pretended Jesuit, to speak with a greater equivocator than them all. At this moment Mr Phillips, rubbing his hands together softly, reappeared from behind the yew hedge. " dome/' he said. Thus invited, ^ Mr Mrvile passed round the hedge tnd stood at once in the presence of the gardener among his flowers The fiowars, whcce stored sweets had already been gathered, stood in a group, speaking in low whispers amongst themselves. They recognised Mr Maude as one man, and eyed bio* significantly. Mr Maude returned the compliment. They were all of them personally known to, him, and though one of them was dressed aa a Protestant clergyman, another as a gentleman of fortune, a third as a mountebank, their trade was the same. The Protestant clergyman, whose name was Eliot, had been a servant in several Catholic families, from which he had .been discharged with disgace. The gay satins of the gentleman of fortune concealed the identity of Slade, a former servant in the college, rat Some. The mountebank was fitly impersonated by one Mundy, a rambling stage-player, who had been relieved of his necessities when abroad, and had seen opportunity in the occasion for making money in a new line. Each of these swom swearers had been credited with, successes. On Eliot's Jiead rested the blood of Edward Campian, hung, drawn, and quartered at Tyburn on the first of December, 1581. The others had informed successfully against Bilph. Sherwin, Luke Kirkby, Edward Bushton, Thomas Oottam, Henry Orion, and John Colleton—all seminary priests. They were now renting after their labours, looked perfectly harmless and affcble in their different disgoiees, and -Arould have stirred terror in no traveller on the loneliest road in the darkest night in the world ! j From this floral trinity in full bloom, Mr Maude's eyes turned to the gardener who had grafted them. At the end of a grass plot a gaunt-figared gentleman, drsBsed in faded bla-k, was bending painfully over a short ross-tree As Mr Mauds approached deferentially, this amateur gardener raised his head from his task, and showed a long narrow face fringed by a short, pointed, iron-grey beard and moustache, curling upwards— both raggedly dressed. His complexion was jaundiced; a black velvet skull cap was fixed on a high narrow forehead, across which one long wrinkle ran. Beneath dark eyebrows, which this gentleman kept eternally arched in a sort; of melancholy meditation, two large brown eyes—dull, slow-moving, heavy-lidded— seemed to see nothing of what they wpre fixed on. Theirs was the long gaze of £n- Their owner held a small hoe in his right hand. The forefinger of his left heaid kept a place in the pages of a well-turned Bible. He stood before a red wall flaming with crimson roses, an immobile figure in blacV , and contemplated his visitor calmly. He was Sir Francis Walsingham, Elizabeth's Secretary of State. " God be with yon, sir," he said to Mr Maude, in deep, melancholy tones. Then he directMpPprance at the other distant thres, wlqflPgey translated in a moment. They retirel precipitately with genuflexions—Mr Phillips, this secretary's secretary, wfejseutialiy covering their rear. L^t idone with his agent, the Secretory of Sfcafceappeared completely oblivious iof ' pyinaqnpa ' JTa riaiTfla4ili»jl>wM)iWnA rootsof hisrose-iree tenderly^Tithhis lioe ^ and kept .silence. This silence.- *jas opprassive. It was na doubt intended .to be so. But Mr Mau4e was bearer of no oxdi^xy news. In spite of: this chilling recaption, liis heart burnt within him, and presently 3ie suddenly burst forth— : " Sir," he began, " 'twas your wish, if I err not, that I should make speed to tell yon when-our train was ready for the fire!" " Oms train f" asked Walongham. ; The other bit his lipand ooirected himself hurriedly. He recognised the position of this artist—responsible for nothing—forwarding alL \ | When my train is ready for the fir?! Sir, that hour has «ome I I have tr avelled a grievous J^y toJiell you that it has. I have travdlW at nsk of my life." 1 . -".And voc&yyou; will have your rewardf' said WalBingham. i Then, as if to correct the gleam of cupi£ty which shone in Ifr Maude's eye, he went on weightily: " Npt Slone iu this world, whose gold perishe and is corrupt; but in that life to cc whose treasure is indeed incorruptiblja, abiding for ever ^though to purblind eyes unseen! Ahem l" j A long naSal snuffle rounded th|s exordium, delivered in the stooped postnie of abusy g^urdener at work. Then, without lifting up, he changed his tone and said dryly— ; » Onr Silken priest, in soldier** habit, 3u» arrived, then P ^ "I rode irith hfmirom Spverjfltteiday/' ~ WAlsingham let hia hoe fall slowly on |a worm crawling afr fnjl length beneath U(e roie-bnsh. Ita divided body wriggled i|i horrible coatortioaa. j " He is welcoms,^ ht laicL- . Then, looking round, as tortile fixst timenBticmg tk« apimusM of a guest exp8cfc3d, " But yon haw n^ibroaght him wiui yoa, this MrLBallard. T^,if^yKenunysltos not, he wuonca 0? our Court ibsm :—in hie ;unn^in«rata A^l" Ballard hai, U- died^ftt an earlier p«riod of Mi misiiom, anttred the ranka of this Secret Service, whose agents swarmsd in every Jesuit Got lege in Europe But in his attempts to swnd this Secretary's secrets he had found -irimasU one of ihow many eqeivocatoH oatmatched at their own weapons. M Sb/' said Maede, " Mr Ballard dreama net that I am with yon." " MoBccms h« sleepi sound, this Mr Ballardf" 'iSir.iejleepsMl I wake him." Valriagham smiled slowly. <« We wiU givepim^etlsnnderjae^i/'he said, "atooncluaffln rf Jdi:3abon. We have la Btore for him,|lt miy bej a aight-drsught which never faileth.^ . . Mapde did not ceem scepticil as to: this.; He%d i*en the Secretary of State's night-: draught In Actipn at Tyburn and elsewbsre.; Hs ^owedp«ad waited farthsr interroga- Walflsgham's was a presence _ i n j """"" time,rilence was felt to be for Mi part, appeared to be >bde with ffaii BaHard from BajjT tamld at last, «beamily. < end ride him to Darby- ; Wflielfo-^»rrow," ' "To AsSumy Babiagton'a, at Dethl: was«t>a^bcltfttotollyoa1sir/ , Wum.h* vent liHr tfsll ,»ort*en• fittest to hold the knife- to ti;jr h~nx\ 1 Verily net for naught art thov econrg^d, moat ainfal coantry—vsrily not for naught art thon scourged! Some hidden ain't viiltation ie this sword that so threatens—acme shamefsl aeeret—to be made m&RifeBt; some <?ay ; but known as y?t io the Most Hijih I" Th« abruptness of this pices ou burst, the wild enthnaiasm with which it spoken, the ab&ndonm;«ht—almest grotccqste—ijf the speaker's staid psrconslitj, tha twitching lips, (trained hands, i&c; yollow whites, sole signs apparently vi»ibl« of this far-seeing statesman's profound vision, tbrsw Maude off his guard. He smiled. He, too, had hia ahamefol secret, portentous, uur«vcale«l. Saddsnlv he stew petrified. The noile di9d on his lipa, aa a faint quivering atnut ths yellowish whites of WalsiBgham's eyes proclaimed that hia upturned gaze not solely directed to the heavens. Maude felt himself r observation at the : very moment when fancied security had removei a veil. He trembled. There was a silence— so Latenae for a moment—'that, to ths agent's ear, the cry of a grasshopper in a flower-bed became painful. When tlds silence had bsen strained to the pitch of being unendurable, Walaingham turned his glance earthwards again, and descended both in speech and bearing irom his piou pedestal. " Know*at thou this Anthony Babiegtouf" he said shortly. " I, sir 1 I have sssn him but once, and for an instant." '•'Take heei, thfn," eaid Walsingham, when he taoks at thee! For the fabled power of tha enchanter seems descended, report saya on thla youth, whose aapecc is mild and gracious, whose counbecavce is of extraordinary beauty, and whoae fi&e; eyes draw frisnds' hearts to him and hia psrposes, even as a loadstone. Hia company ia infectioaa men say. Take heed of hra I Take heed of him! For Atxopo? preparetb. already to sever hia life's this thread. Ay ! And his friends, Infatuated and ungoily, snare his fate." Mr Maude, at these itrauga worde. looked troublei in spite of a prolonged tffuft at rsomposure. "I do not understand, sir," he said. "T go with Mr Ballard to be Mr Babington'B guest, in ordtr that I may report hia doinga and his friends to you. I go as an »g«nt whom yon have abundantly trusted, and who has given you no cause to regret your trust. Why I should follow Mr BabiBgto^'s frirado' example snd become slave to his charms, I know not 1 I woeld ctavc a reason, sir, humbly." Sir Francis WalBingham advance 3 alowly to -vhere his agent was standing & ^ let hia dull, sreamy, unspecclatiyegl&uc;* f*ll upon him. This glance was like leaS. Ita heavy calculations should have plumbed depths unsounded. Dapthi in this iastaace it indeei plumbed. He stretahsd his flong forefinger cut slowly, and pressed it upon Mr Maude's, left breast, An involuntary shudder convulsed Mr Maade. Sir F;aacis Walsingham studied- this symptom as a surgeon might bone wound he was probing. A slow smile fixed itself upon his lips. " Beware 1" he said. CHAPTEB III. «' THBEE HVNTEBS HABBOUB A STAG." Maude went back to. London aa he had come—a hunch-backed pedlaT tramping doggedly on dusty roads, notice! by many, recognised by none. At mi££ay he reentered the houBa in Butchers' Bow. The June snn flamed apon its projecting gables, only to throw lato BtroEgt? relief its timberand-plaster's leprous decay. No life stirred about the place. A dead house at night— in daylight it was a de&d; house still. Maude was sick with fatigue. His fragile f«rm had already accomplished prodigies, and the resctlon cams upsn him fiarc a ly ;as Jia iilaBi -^be jisLe-i3ooT b&hScd; b^oi. &« siaggarad, and leant heavily a^aiast the psssage-waSl, panting. But the furies which rioted within him eonqeerec! this cail&pse;, He n«rved trembling limbs and r&str;&iaed; distressed breathing, and slipped np sMep stair* fej a small upper pr>om, w^ere he put off ths lame pedlar. He washed th<j stetas from his faee, put on a grey jerkin, scrnpnlossly dressed his curling slack hair, fix<3d a fresh yeliow rcsa behind his left ear, and adjusted his feathered csp rakhhly. He vias Captain Forteacue's serving man again. No one. had eeen him leave the house—no one hadeeen him^nter it. i With a bustling step now, he strode down to the lower room, giving good morning by the way to a deaf old woman who stirred late, and acted as sole caretaker; thincalm, cool, and collected, aa if just risen from ^prolonged rest—he stood by MrBal- lard'Bside- An agitated alesp convulsed the silken priest in the soldier's habit. It appeared to have struck him down suddenly before he could rise from the table still spread with the frugal remains,of the overnight's meal. A glass half-emptied stood by his side. Mr Maude took np this half-emptied glasa, smiling the slow, smile of the poisoner. He looked at it curiously, smelt it,'then emptied it, washed It^ carefully, and replaced it bjy the sleeping man's side. ; - Mr Ballard meanwhile lay back in an arsa chair, his face worldng convulsively, and great drops of perspiration standing npoja, his brow. Now and again hia parched lips moved imploringly, and in a sort of dreadful despair, hs repeatedly made the sign of the: Cross. It was not till Mr Mande had thres or fonr times shaken him roughly that hie awoke jjMadJhtn he Htartedto^iifrfest with trembling, hands tearing at his collar, and with eyes fixed in en agonised stare as if ait eeme uuseen horror above. : - , "Parce mihi, Domiae JtBu I" he cried piteously. i 1 Maude'smiled..This smile waa^f kiadred kind to the one which had wreathed his lip so significantly on the Dover-road. Hf lud his white hand on thee till dazed priest's shoulder. " Come, Father, come f" he said pleaiantly. " We are not at Tyburn yet," Mr Ballaid shuddered. Then he rose to his feet, and pacsd ths room without speaking. Bnt for seme moments his step, usually so firm, wandered, and his face remained blauchei with the tenor of hia dream. A burning thirst, moreover, parched him; a dreadful singing throbbsd in his ears; and he saw dimly aa one does on re-! cohering from a swoom. He seised upon a jar of water which stood by the table, and drank a dses draught. Then he eyed Mande keenly. " May I never sleep more," he said, if to sleep means so to dream." He put hia hands to his heart, and then looked at them, ia a strange, shrinking, dazed sort of way, aa if he half expected to ate them blood-stained. \ Mande smiled the same smile again at this gesture/-^'-;.. " Ycu have slept twelve hours notwithstahdisg," he said. How I Is it midday t By this we should have been well on our rosd into Derbyshire 1 Why woke yon me not at dawn, Maude, as I desired?". "«Father, yon needed rest. It misliked me to.disturb you. Your sleep Beamed to me so sweet." Onee more Mr .Ballard Bhuddsred. "ITyJieams were bittsr," he said ; then gcong onin theaccenta of a sort of stem selfz^pnwch, "bntldessrved thdr sting, Mauie, for vrfat has soldier, so dedicated as myself, todo^itkjtesp!" {*3msinoat nntiring must some day rMt." Ballard with a sigh, upward glance of longing, of his faith opened -^appim; 'trestt" he cried. "" oome to me at last, «notfardi«s*n*. yet to be d«a* tl\at ... ^ ;endursd, biased day m ay dawnl Weariness, nay son, and bittsr wr,y- farisvs an£ iorrow. :t ksj te torrren' and death !" "The Blessed Virgin furf-.ud," sa?« Mauds. Mr Ba'krd, for answer, fe'1 on his ka*« and prayed. Mr Maude, aleo on Vis knees, watche? with confcs'.d fe?iii*p6 v»h : ch he could Eot fathom, but which hid in them Eomethi&g; of superstitious fear, i he fierce outpourings of this soul of iron, as he sought Heaves'J assistance for a work which Maude hzz already eoomed. The crael irony of life Btrnck ihh accunsd spy's bluntei sen-e ao prof03119ly, th?.t for a moment he even f«U moved to relent, A blind impulse seized him to tell all; to show himself in his true colors; to reveal the di?e vista of this journey now being consecrated; to be human— to be pitiful for once I But if the birth of such feelings in such hearts be rare, their life also is transient. The seven devila which .possessed this agsnt were not to be so easily cast out. Mr Ballard's, prayer ended suddenly. Mr Maude was still Mr Maude, when he, too, rose frotc hia kseee. Within an hour, the two, riiing side by eir?e, f iient, but -'nieparablc aa ever, were on their road into Derbj shire. But though tha.very flower cf his pnrpose was io bs piucksd at this journey's end, no such fiery speed marked Mr Ballard's passage northwwls as that which astounded town, tower, and 1 amltt on the long reaches of the Dovc-r-road. It was perhapB this very nearness to his design which made him cloak bis emotion Bcdef-thessmbl&nce; of leisurely travel. This soldier of fortu&e; on furlough, and his epiuca oe;ving-hi%a, aflame as they went with the fi-e of dreadful intention, movtsd norHiJ<sr's moderately; inced for the night tt nio^t fr«qaented houses; the serviug rain txtismtly attentive, with a sort of straiaed attention, almost, to his master, b&t; very respectfully keeping hia place; his master bearing himself as ;temperatelj as a Low Gauntry captain might; bruBqael j ciwl to. ftllo^-'rAveliers on ths rosd ; d«ceatly festive at ths board; with a gocd story of aiventare always reaiy to flavor tha wins cup, *ns a soldier's glaaca properly appreciative of chaaabsrmays' neat ankles. So the;e two travsllid. Capiain ForteBoue riding l*iauiely for vard, wita his eorfiugmaa always cisseiy pressing to his side; popular with most people, suspected by none ; till on the evening of tno fourth: day the gabies oi the Psacocfc lac. at Wingfia^d shone ag&inst; the sunset. Here they alighted. At sigU of tha fasuliar scene, Biiiard's miad wett btck to the incident of the year before. He recalled hopes then expressed for the triumph of the Catholic CAUSS, now so suddenly to bs accomplished,' His heart buinsd within him. But he remained outwardly calm, and desired the landlord to show him to a private room. _ Mr Maude, having performed that part of his outward duty which lay in seeia? ths horses comfortably quartered, hastened to report the event to his maste \ Hs found him closeted with another soldier, red-bearded, fiery-eyed, whose brazen looks, harah voice, and defiant manner gave more evidence perhaps of . long companionship with hard aervica thka. was toi be noticed in Captain Fortescue's gentlemanly enthusiasm. The stranger"s claim to soldier'B title was re»l, and had. been gained on desperate fields under "ihe Dake of Parma. Mr Maude eyed himsuspicisualy, H* knew the man. But his master fcai not prepared him for. the meeting. He mistrusted this ssoretiveness. Mr Ballard, howtver, appeared campletely at his ease. " This is lb Savage," he said," who was the first to take this great deed upon him, as 1 have before advised yOn I" "Mr Maude and myself are already acquainted," said Savage. " By report/' eaid Mr Maude. Mic Savage turned on his heel. " By rep.irt/' lie echoedy and s^t on the floor. > words wore spoken disdainfully,' and the acticm which followed them did not inspire confidence. Mr Mande put his hand on his aword softly. The other; however, appeared neither to notice nor to care what men thought of his actions. A s >rt of brat^ desperation breathed from him. He strode to the door, opened it, looked out, as if to satisfy himself against rs, then closed it again, and up to Mr Ballard. By Qod, sir," hs said, 'tthia politic delay of yours in the deliverance of this' sufferings realm heaves my" heart up 1 Months since, under Dr Giff ord's directions at Bheims, I, John Savage, . took this deed upon my sole shoulders. By you have 1 been put back from it on the plea of surer ways-to^be discoveredti' Time passes, and nothing is accomplished. I have waited for you here these three days. I have a mind to.post Londonwaxd? myself on the instant and put end to the business." Such determination shone in the man's speech and gesture that Maude trembled for the miscarriage of his plan. The Buccess of lus share of it demanded no such precipitancy. He looked at Mr Ballardnusgiyingly. :.• But he had no cause for fear. In the presence, of the re&L; soldier Mr Ballard put ,off the soldier's habits. He became the silken priest—resolute as steel, as unbreakable, but in : manner pliant and polished. "The enthusiasm natural to the moment,"' he eaid : softly, " and, indeed, inseparable from it, excuses in my eyes such rash ebullitions as these. They. are, however, to be ayoided, leading as they surdy do-^as events have so repeatedly demonstrated—to the failure of schemes the most maturely planned, and thence to the quartering-block at Tyburn. No one, Mr Savage, doubts your zeal in this business ; nor, so far.as I am aware, does any one deny tluit you first took it upon yourself. The question is not one of your intention,'but of your capacity, unaided to carry that intention safely into effect. Of this point, heads, perhaps, sir, more olitic than yours, have thought fit to be Soubtful; and, in such ease, a little more self-restraint might perhaps become you in 1&e; presence of your spiritual superior." . This rebuke was delivered with an easy fluency, an extreme politeness and a delicate irony which barbed evety sentence, and sent the lesson intended to . be conveyed byit straight to the hearer's heart. Mr Savage's brutal effrontery left him; his bold glance drooped before Mr Ballard's steady gaze. " What is to be done, sir f" be asked. "We will dine first, at yonr good pleasure," answered Mt Ballard calmly, "for Mr Maude here and myself have been for hours in saddle." Tien, when Mr Savage had returned from giving the suggested order, Mr Ballard said to him, quietly :— " Has Mr Savage during his three days' sojourn here—which I am sorry to have so prolonged—made it his business to discover the shortest road to Mr Anthony Babington'8 at Dethick P" " I know the road blindfold." " That is well," said Mr Ballard; "we will ride there sifter dinner." The three Bat down to a dish of trout from the Amber, a capon, and a flask of fine claret, reserved solely by a Catholic landlord for palates profoundly orthodox As they did so, a slovenly-dressed, country looking gentleman delivered a seal d letter into Mi Anthony Babington's hands as he was pacing the smooth sward of the bowling-green of his house at Dethick, three miles away, his fair head bent in a sort of melancholy dejection, his fine eyes fixed dreamily on a long view of swelling bilk, sunset-lighted, and waving purple woods—above which roeks stooped cawing —and green fields along which lengthening shadows lingered. Mr T^bington no V»r»gr:r r^crsble l the tranced h.oreeman of the year before. A year's lapse had tinged his life with soberer colours. Before leaving for France Mr Ballard had sent him word that great events might be -expected, and also a cipher for future use. But he had heard nothing farther since, ana the motive-power which t y his ears had lent vague hops significance had gradually lost its strength. Circumstances which even to his sanguine enthusiasm seemed insurmountable had parted him for ever from the object of his blind worship. The Queen of Scots was no longer a respectfully guarded guest at Wingfield, Chatsworth, or Buxton, enjoying that amount of liberty which permitted to _ her blind adorer a sight, however transient, of the supreme object of his strange passion j bnt a close prisoner at Ohartley Manor House, under the lock and key of a mere Leioestrian, whose precise Puritanism winked at no peccadilloes. The great spiritual passion of a Dante can alone flame unfed. And in the wild ecstsay of adoration which had bound young Babington a trancsd captive in the long train of victims to Mary Stewart's terrible beauty an earthlier fire burned. A moment's glimpse of her between long absences Bent his blood rioting. Through the length of mad, lonely rides by moonlight, by sunset, over waya which she might have trod, through scenery which her eyes must have dwelt 02, maddening memories cf her strange pbysioal besuty hurt his 'biain. The warm pressure of her long white fingers still seared his hands. A subtle perfume from "her gloves, a perfume peculiarly here, iatoxicatsd him. Sadden visions. p;tsented themselves of her swift walk ^of > her figure's eaiy sway from the waist; of ths beautifel wild smile as of soma witch which transfigured her p>ls face suddenly; of the long-liiied eves, now melting, now shining wickedly like strange jewels. No strayed reveller smitten by the goddesa roamed more fiercely over the moonlight* i slopes of Citbseron then Anthony Babington iid over the green hills about his Derbyshire home when memories sschas these stung him to madness. Then, indeed; he was the fanatie who would h&ve; impaled himself, smiling, a zealot who would have walked through fire for a smile. But now that he had been so long parted frorss the cau»e, ths tnadneea gradually left him. Mary Stuart l;?ed in his memory, indeed, as his lawful Sovereign treacherously held in bonds, for whoee c&vse; all 7 true Catholic swords should start from their scabbards at her ileast sign'; yat thai other aide of his devotion to her—that hidden sde, which, unnoticed aa it remains, endowed chivtlry with reel fsree—began slowly to die out. A marriage, arranged though it was for fortune's sake, helped to smother it. A child was bora* and the flame dwindled Iowa?. Bsc, faint as it was, ths fire smouldered still, ready at a moment's notice to bsrst out. That moment was come. A? Babington, with a cariosity scarcely rouse?, took this letter which the . lsutiah-loohing country gentleman handed to him, a strange, terrible perfume diffused itself. Babington's brain reeled. His whole blood surged upwards at this scent, which annihilated a year's lapse in a moment, and brought him onae more in communion with the passion of his life. White as a ghost, he plucked at the fastenings with trembling fingers. The letter was written in cipher. The cipher sent to him by Ballard was now to bs used. Babington sank on to a garden-bench. For a space he was unable to possess himself oi his treasure from sheer excitement. His eyes reeled so ia his hsad that hs could see nothing; his hands Iramblsi, as if an ague St huld him. Then paiafsllv, with the cipher's aid, he read. the following lines, brief, commonplacc, matter of fact, but whose terrible i&fiasace; was to s«i a tr&geiy; 111 accipn :— .— "Tbusty and Well-Beloved,— "This is not to asrurs you of our. faith in you; fidelity te oureslvss, of which we have proof abundant; but to give you nets that we have heard from oar servant Morgan, from Paris, that your thoughts are still of ER, and wait opportunity Solely to fructify in deeds. Enow aa well that thiB new channel opened for correspondence is assured, of which the bearer will more fully acquaint jou.—From Chartley, this day of June, " Maby, the Queen " To the most dinguished Catholic 1 , Master Anthony Babington at his house at Dethick." For some moments after reading it, Babington stood staring, astounded at this letter, c-.asp^i in bofch hands, as dazed to all surroundings aa might be some, bsiccaneer who, aft^r traversing subterranean psss^ges, overcoming unheard-of obstacles, and faint with despair and fatigue, fouad himself suddenly at a corridor's turn, alone and living in the inexkaustible treasure- trove of Peru I Presently he recovered himself slightly, and from the letter, which he still held clasped, his ere passed to tha bearer. "And you, sir—who are recommended to oi3 ia' this letter," he said—" who are you ?:' The young man, who- was dressed simply as a country squire, and looked a loutish specimen of his class, replied simply that hs was Thomas Twiffen, master of a neighboring estate of Brocklay, some twelve miles distant, which Babington knew by name. Mr Twiffen further alleged, that, in the mcinieg of that day, a Catholic neighbor, resideat twelve miles from himt gave him the packet, telling him no more than that it was of supreme importance to the cause, which was a'l that his neighbor had bees told by a third Catholic squirs who had brought it to the neighbor. That no doubt a line ef communication had been so opened to Dethick from whereover the letter came from. Furthermore the yousg squire was unable to depone. He was, however, glad that a matter ef supreme importance to the cause had led him to thus make the acquaintance of Mr Babington, of whoss cry of Stophoands! hs had often hsard. Woul-i-he ride over aud see him one day f He, Mr Twiffen, brewed excellent home-bser—or rather hia housekeeper did. 9e was obliged, but at the moment he wouid not try a gUaa of Mr Bahiagloa's—having 6omewh.it exssedai himsslf after a day's fishing the night befora. Meanwhile, Mr B*bingtoa might uudetstan: that any answer to the deliventd letter might bs safely entrusted, sealed, into hi' (Mr Twiffen'*) hands, when he would carry it to his neighbour, and his neighbour's neighbour would carry it forward. Whkh explanations given, he paid his adieax clumsily, and lurc'aetf eff, attended by Babirgton to his horee. Feverishly Babington returned to the gardsn. Desperation sat upon him. Was hs not in txu;n bewitched ?—a doomed man, after a brief respite, stricken again by the goddess ? Subtle, mysterious essences breathed from tha l«tt«r clenched in his hand, mounted to his brain; intoxicated Magic was in the air. Everywhere, io the moonlight's a>lver sheen flooding v-sod and dale, in ths deepest depths of ths <<ar4en'8 verdurous gloom, impa'pablo presences floated, Ths air WAS alive. Pale faces, wreathed ta mystic smiles, pesrsd at bim; white tapering fiegsre, clogged with strange jewels, beckoned him forlornly to eoma fantastic goal; from bush and briar tha m'-taliic gleva of shiu'ng eyes allured ; everywhere ia this gardan, beavy with tho -roses' scent, visible mmoriu 0' his mistress's bsauty riotously thr^aged. Venus herself =7as in possession I Venus in ruff aad U.'thinga'e vnth gold crucifix hanging from her vraU'e, acd a missal iu har pa'e hands., but s« death-dealisg in this guise aa any goidtss of Greek's frenzied vision rising ungiriled from the sea. As iaster and fas ter his brain's riotous creations swarmed upon h>m, tha my;' I'J side of Babington's passion mieg'ed itself with hia religious enthusiasm, and found vent in one rapturous exclamation in which love became faith. "MaryI" he cried—hia hands stretched forth, his fcaggar- face !uree£ sp^'tr^s to tbe moonlight—Mary! Adored I Sacred 1 White Bote of our Holy Church ! Qaeen o£ thy slave'a humblest homage! Whatever thou bidiest me I will do 1 For thy Bake I will walk throcgh fire I Command ma only that thou msy'st prove my devotion I Tesi me now to the bitterest uttermost, noweven now—that thou may's* assure thyself of my fsith!" - There came, as if in answer to his delirium, a ssddec, soft, mufflet knocking at the garden's side-gate. It was so soft, so deprecatisg, this knocki&g;, tk&t; the enthusiast supposed at first that it was fancied ,* but as it continued almost without csaeing, but always as eoffc, muffled, and deprecating as knocking could be, Babisgton went suddenly to the door, and opened it. Three motionless figures stood ailent in the moonlight. (To be Continued.) 