OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FBOM OUB OWN C0BBE6P0NDKNT.) Fbiday. Tho out of-jointcdness ol times is well shown In the number of niggling, scrappy ; movements that are going en, ostensibly for tbe benefit of the community, bat per* | ceptibly lor the advertisement of the cranks ; that set these movements going. From | ghosts to gold digying somebody has a pro- j gressive idea to bring forward, and provided 1 he, or she— -for the women are becoming as resuess as tne men — nasj Bumcieni entnu slasm, he or she can reckon on securing a 1 following more or less numerous. Just after the Theosophioal Society sprang into existenoo some maniac whispered the word ♦' Ibsen,' and straightway it was a caee ot one devil raking up another ssven. The Ibsen worshippers have hole-and-corner me.p.tincra &t; etch other's houses, and do not send reports to the papers. 1 hear that there is now trouble in the camp, owing to Bome ot tbe younger IbseniteB— of both sexes —taking the oracle's utterances au trrieur. Bnt the latest piece of tomfoolery is the founding of a cotcrie to maintain tbe Shakespeare-Bacon controversy, the prin cipal article ot belief being that Bacon not only wrote everything with which be is credited bnt several other things beside. This idea, it may be mentioned, originally came from London, but, like the emall»pox, it lost none of its virulence on the voysge. The Bhato Baoonians, however, have the senie to despise Ignatius Djnelley. Speaking of new organisations, it 1b in teresting to record that the Woman's National Soclet}— the new rival to tbe Woman's Franchite Leagua— is trying hard to sproat its wings. The ' League' has already sprouted its wings, and Ib now try ing to beat them, so that it is one ahead ol the ' National.' The latter Is Betting about its work more methodically. It is aware - f the general ignorance ot women on the sub ject ot politics, and is endeavoring to explain hidden mysteries. Jt expects that once the female mind can grasp the real meaning of tariffs and free trade, the road to Parnas sus, that is politics, Is made easy. Tariffs and free trade, however, aa prac tised in this country, are bo complicated that not ten men in Melbourne understand the matter outside the Oustom House, where the rule of thumb is resorted to when the system ot lucky guesses fails. Tbe Minister of Education has executed another coup. Tnis time the pupil tochers are the victims. Those who were plucked at the reoent examinations have been served with thtir notice to quit, and once more hysterics are in vogue. It is really too btd ot Mr Baker. Imagine the doomed inno cents— there were over 20 ot them — bitting happy and nneonoerned in the examination room secure in the knowledge that if they failed their salaries wonld not be affected. At lout, each was the rule. They received the newBof their failure without emotion, and prepared to plod on lor another year on pay ments varying from £16 to £40 per annam. Then came the thnnderbolt jast on the verge ol the Easter holidays, 'ihe department will save £100 by their dismissal. But it ia not likely that the pnpil teachers will sub mit quietly. At present they are all talking wildly about ' deputationing' the Minister and insisting on their rights, whatever that may mean. The police foree are also kicking up their heels over the proposed reduction of sick pay. They say that their maltifariouB and dangerous duties are unfavorable to longevity. Of course they have had a meeting, and intend to interview the Premier. The fishing experiment in Bass Straits has come to grief. This was started a little while ago by the Government tor tho relief ot Bome of the unemployed. But when the Lady Loch made her trip to the station last week, tbe unemployed waB discovered with its hands in its pockets, and a pipe in its mouth. Between its expectora tions and its 'blankety'blanks,' it grumbled at the Government, the place, tbe fishes— everything, winding up with declaring it would ' rather bo in Pentridge than fishing.' There was no other course open but to dis band the party. The Premier feels indig* nant at the coUapae of his scheme, as every thing had been done to help the men to earn a decent living. Tents, boats, fishing tackle, food, and tobaooo were provided, ana yet the horny-banded eon of toil refused to nod approval The bare notion of working , more than eight hours a day, or taking part I in fisuing excursions after sunset, with tbe 'posrioiiity of getting wet, was so horrible that one and all decided to return to Mel bourne and live on their wives. It seems edd that in these days of electric lighting we should be oo the verge of a re* version to kerosene. But Buch iB un doubtedly the case. Whole etreets of Bab urban people are using kerosene, while their mendacious meters find their occupation gone with a vcngeance. The cconouiy of tbe Government has necessitated the use ot keroeene in the post offices and railway Btations, and now a big public institution, the Alfred Hoepital, is thinking ot UBing this illusiinant. Mr John Bfyth sprang a motion to this effect on those present at the last committee meeting, but for the present the matter is unsettled. Meantime the directors of the Metropolitan Gas Company have tiken a severe fright at the threatened catastrophe, and are making strenuous efforts to resist tbe change, For once the Alfred Hospital sets the fashion in kerosene, a score of other impoitant establishments will follow. ProfosBor Marshall has broken out in a fresh place. The lecturette at Mr Phil. Langdale's concert was ostensibly 4- How to listen to music,' only he left the music out, and made bis remarks a medley— all circling round the one tune — the silliness and stupidity of critica. Ho gave a diverting bit cf word painting about the people who went to concerts, with sardonic reference to ' the devil himself, the critic.' («ic) By the way, the Professor's own appearance is as MephlBtophelian aB can be imagined. Still he made people laugh, and that is something these times. That he did not achieve his end, however, waa evidenced last Sunday at the cathedral. During aa awe-inspiring passage on the organ a well known man waB observed to be struggling in what appeared to be the initial stages of a fit. ''Dear, dear, what is it?' asked his wife* 11 1 was watching the people,' he gulped out, ' and— and— thinkirg of Marshall Hall.' Tbe musical profession — so far ae Mel bourne Is concerned — are not a nest of sing ing birds ; that is, they do not sing alto gether. When one bird commences to warble tbe rest stand by and squawk spiteful things about bim. But when hit turn comes don't tbe others flutter up their feathers. Naturally, therefore, the re port of Mr Hamilton Clarke's lecture in London, printed in rxtento by the Argu i, has caused a tremendous ferment, and for once mosical Melbourne is in harmony with its discordant shrieks of disapproval. Mr Hamilton Oiatke'e ears must tingle with the hundreds of sneers that the mention of his name excites, in approved Melbouinian style, a style that fawns on a man when he is up, and kioks him when he is down. When Hamilton Clarke arrived here with hia pretty little wife, everyone went mad after him. On the evening of hie arrival, botn be and hiB wife were roauded up to attend a ball that night at Government House. Then followed invitations by the score, The man protested, declared he was unused to tbis fees, said he had not done very much in the world, although he admitted to considering himself clever, and finally «loet hia head and proceeded to mouvt the vacant throne erected for him. Bis next c-xperience introduced him to petty jealousies innumerable among the local musicians, who speedily made things warm for the new-comer. Squabbles, intrigues, falsehoods , misrepre sentations, and heartburnings filled the Hamilton Clarke atmosphere. Tbe crown ing misdeed was the diccovery that Mre H.C. had been on the stage in London ! And bo on until never a man thanked God more heartily for his freedom than Hamil ton Clarke did the day the National Orchestra went bung, The public all'&long; had not shown tbe slightest interest in tho scheme, and didn't care a twopenny dam (Inditn coin phrase ti-!r the .lr-7u*) for all tbe claraic^l isutic iu rxietecc . But the musicians h*d found tc 4,'Ke tojbear the world of bitme, and tbiylook good care to weigh him down. Now Hamilton Clarke's turn haB come, and before a picked audience of cultured people in London he detailed bis experiences of two years' Buffering of Anti podean mutic. The fuB3 here is hot and strong while it laetB. By degrees the cognoscenti have simmered down to sneering at a nobody 1 Some ot them, however, would give a trifle to be M nobodies' of the Art lovers in Launceston who remember I Mr George Webb, a Melbourne artist, who I lived for over three yeaiB in Tasmania, will I be glad to hear of hia steady progress. I 1 have jast seen his latest works, a portrait of Mr Geo. Lansell, the Bendigo millionaire, and two viewe of the Tamar. The river studies represent the Tam«r scenery a few miles onteide ot Launceston. One, a euoeef, shows the undulating plains and low-i)ing hills peculiar to the district, the coloring beiog soft and clear, though not warm. The second picture is characterised by a fresbn *s in the graasy river banks that soothes the eye at once. The translucency of the water adds to thia effect, and though the materials are of the simplest Mr Webb has contrived to present a charming river scene, quite nnhackneyed and real looking. 1 be lieve sjite of his studies of Hobart have sdready been favorably commented on in these columns by the art critic, so that he is no stranger to the readers of the Daily Telegraph. Mr Webb is the brother-in-law of the late Bignor Bol&ndo;, at aae time so bated by the Victorian Artists' Society. Bignora Bolando carries on her husband's school, of which her brother, Mr Webb, is one of the principal maBtere. Tbis allusion to art matters prompts me to add that Dr. Alexander Fisher, a well known figure in Melbourne stadio life, died last Tuesday at the age of 63. He was not popular with his own profession, but artists bad a good deal of faith in his judgment of pictnres, and always included him at Press views. He had a house full of pictures of various degrees of merit, which he spent a lifetime in collecting. He held decided opiniona about the great future awaiting Australian art, and it was a common sight to find him in the studios, pipe in mouth, discusaing painters and their pictures, an ugly little terrier lying at hia feet, ocsa sionally snapping at aaything that disturbed it, or upsetting paint brushes and palettes in the pniBult of some visionary mouse. 