Open Column. We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of our Correspondents. NOTES AND COMMENTS ON VARIOUS MATTERS. (To the Editor of the Daily Free Press.) Sir, — I see that the would-be little gods of creation are preparing to float a pros pectus, the initials of which I presume will cost a goodish bit, as they are offering to enrol volunteers as members of their cause at the nominal sum of £1 1s. each ; but in all probability they would, if they dared, hand over ten times that amount to them for their kindly recognition and support. The name by which they are pleased to designate this lordly body is ' The Landholders' Defence League.' Verily, in these latter days, Satan is walking at large, seeking whom he may devour, as the most appropriate name for this body would be ' The Devils' Offen sive Landholders' League'; and it is devoutly to be hoped that the public will refuse to allow their olfactory nerves or fingers to be contaminated by the unholy pamphlets about to be destributed by this fretting body. This body rightly contends thai a single tax or any other tax upon land will be the means of directly de- ' predating its progressive or prospective, value. Yes, most assuredly a rax will neutralize its prospective value, and this is the righteous aim of the land-law reformer, that the tax shall fall on the land, and not on blood and sinews, or, in other words, human energy. The people's estate must be redeemed by a graduated and equitable process. The land is the gift of God to mankind, which, without hunan energy, is worth next to nothing, but, nevertheless, is. indispensiblc to mankind as a body. By redeeming the public estate and abolishing landlordism, there need not be one pennyworth of injustice done to the original landowner : it is only where lands have changed hands three or four, or perhaps more, times that slight difficulties will arise in order that the last holder shall be properly treated and injustice done to no one. Moreover, there is uot a shadow of fear that land will fall below its original value, or its normal value. My land of 365 acres would rea lise to-day, or in 30 years hence (indepen dently of improvements), as. much as it cost me 28 years ago. What do I want more? And should the State desire to resume it, I have no fear-that it (viz., the State) would not act equitably. Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.P., in his address to producers, and workers, as reported in Truth ot the 4th inst., proposes that the State resume 100,000 acres of the auriferous lands of the colony for gold mining purposes. Very good! I also propose that the State resume 100,000 acres of the very best river and creek alluvial lands for pure and legitimate agricultural purpose. I may. here state that Mr. O'Sullivan is often at fault ; but perhaps he is as often right, for he too proposes that the State immediately open up good agricultural land for selectors, and also proposes a liberal and generous Land. Law, which, if I rightly understand him, would be to reverse the present order of things by placing the selectors and cultivators of the soil where the pastora lists are now, and vice-vemu By doing this the State would bo acting in a common -sense matiner. He nlso very pertiaenlly and justly points out that Eotne important sections of the community have at this moment an immediate claim upon State interference, as some of the baoks are now harshly putting on the screw upon the graziers, selectors, and farmers, and unless some measure of relief is soon granted to the two latter sections, hundreds of deserving and hard-working settlers will be sold up, and millions of acres of land will be added to the already too large estates in the hands of the banks ?'}d financial institutions; this I can Corroborate as being strictly true. Among our ' great ' men perhaps Mr. See is the most grandiloquent man we have. If he could dispense his blandness as easily as he can dispense a 'deficit' he might perhaps theu be able to ' see' through a stone wall, or Mr. See might see that a bogle is a bogle — because there is not a ghost of common-sense in the way See proposes disposing of the deficit. The quiet cutting, but just rebukes to some of our offenders of social and ethical etiquette, by ' Outis' in the Daily Telegraph is well continued and sustained, and is only equalled by ' Silver pen' in the Free Press—whose facile pen and sharp pruning knife exposes and trims off the angularities and incongruities of both sexes of our modern semi-civilization. And now, I would like to know, whether the Committee of Management of the Bathurst A.H. & P. Association intend taking notice of Mr. Parker's powerful and just appeal to them in reference to their allowing a booth on the Show Ground for dispensing intoxicating drink. I, like Mr. Parker, am strongly in favor of pro hibiting the sale of alcholic liquors on the Show Ground, and I, like him, have been a total abstainer since the year 1841, Yours, etc., . AGRICOLA. Perth, Feb. 10th, 1894 