ART SOCIETY'S EXHIBITION. FIRST NOTICE. To-morrow will bs tho private view day at the Art Society's annual exhibition, just as yesterday and to-day have been set apart for the critics ; and on Monday, in accordance with long-kept custom, the show will be open to the general body of the public. This year's exhibition is under more favourable con- ditions as to light and space than heretofore, since is being held at the Crystal Palace Kink, York-street. The rink provides a great hall, in a central situation, and with a suitable ."top light." It was adopted similar purposes some years ago, when a collection of British works of art was shown there. Very wisely, the selection committee has not been te,[ted nu tje additional wall space to increase unduly the number of accepted works. Last year there were in all 327 pictures and sculptures in tho catalogue ; this year that total is increased by 70. On the other hand, the hanging committee has had an easier task to cope with, and it may fairly be said that there is not a picture of genuine merit which is not well placed. Not only are the pictures seen to more advantage in the spacious gallery than last year, but the colec- tion itself is intrinsicallv better. If, as usual, there is a superabundance of landscapes as compared with figure paintings, if again the charge must be made that imaginative subjects are conspicuous by there absence, there are at least more scenes of domestic interest, more which are characteristically Australian, and fewer of the flower and still-life studies and decorative panels which in times past havo been so prominent. In addition to this there are half a dozen works of distinguished merit, and one which mav be hailed as the picture of the year. Mr. Tom Roberts has painted the great picture the year, "Shearing at Newstead," and the trustees of the Art Gallery have purchased it for £275. It is a work of high artistic value, and will worthily per- petuate the artist's memory for generations to come. Amongst the first 10 pictures of 1894 may also be named W. Lister Lister's "Where the Sea-tides Ebb and Flow" (No. 284) and "Peaceful Morn {No. 210); "In Happy Moments" (No. 221 by Arthur Collingridge; Gordon Coutts's "Por trait of a Lady " (No. 239) ; Albert J. Hanson "Kynance Cove" (No. 315); and "The Long Day Closes" (No. 322), by Percy F. S. Spence. Mr. Lister, a painter of not less industry than talent hits the mark time after time in the most exemplary way ; and Mr. Albert Hanson was also in last year selection. But visitors will gladly welcome back Mr. Arthur Collingridge to the front ranks of the favoured few ; and Mr. Percy Spence has not for long dono anything equal to this his marked success of 1894. After a final conference with his colleagues, the director of the Art Gallery (Mr. E. L. Monte- fiore) affixed the coveted red ticket to six pictures over and above Mr. Tom Roberts's chef d'ouvre. Their choice draws attention to the fact that there is an infusion of new blood into the local art system, since the names of E. E. Cusack and S. Long ara both comparatively unknown. Mr. S. Long won a second prize at the Students' Competition at the Art Gallery some time back. The trustees have now purchased his "By Tranquil Waters," for the large sum of £81 The young painter has immense talent joined with a violent slap-dash style of laying on the colour, which it is to be hoped, time and experience will moderate and tone down. Miss E. E. Cusack, an Australian lately returned from Paris, has a clever pastel drawing, "Aline" (No. 133), purchased for £15 15s; and Mr. B. E. Minn's "Types of Now South Wales Aboriginals" and "Aboriginal Girl" — delicate water-colours which reproduce with fidelity the traits of a decaying race—have been acquired for £26 5s and £5 5s respectively. Miss Alice Norton's water-colour, "A place of wind and flowers, full of sweet trees and colour of glad grass," (No. 37), a park-like scene with a foreground painted with much delicacy, but not other- wise remarkable, has been bought for £21. The sculpture, which is never strong, includes, nevertheless, a finely-modelled life-size figure by D. H. Batchen, which may be considered the chief work of the section ; a " Bacchante Voilée," a bust which shows Emile Leysalle's fine technique : and A. G. Reid's "Defiance." This last is a statuette of a blackfellow of lithe and agile form, with a boomerang in his hand, modelled with care and marked by spirited execution. The trustees have purchased "Defiance" for £15 15s. As it is intended to criticise the water-colours and sculpture in a second notice, this review opens naturally with the first of the oil paintings, at No. 183\. This section is at first devoted to flower studies of which amongst the best are the door panels painted with kurrajong flower by Miss Helen Willis whilst in the still-life may be noticed the "Study of Birds" (No. 305), the neutral tints of the plumage delicately enforced in effective contrast, by Miss Margaret Fleming. The more serious work may be said to begin with Mr. A. H. Fullwood's " A Lagoon Camp" (No. 209), cattle watering in the pools, the distance unconvincing, and the whole not showing the artist at his best, in spite of the accuracy with which the tall grass in the foreground has been painted. This artist's best work is probably " Bad News from Town " (No. 283), a homely kitchen in terior, with the figure of a woman, bowed with grief, a letter in her hand, to explain the title. Not only is the sombre brown tone of the interior, with its correct perspective and the dash of strong light at the back, carefully thought out, but the overwhelmed expression of the principal figure, her face buried in her pocket-handkerchief, the intelligent gaze of the collie at her side, and the attitude of the bushman lighting his pipe by the fire—all contribute to an ensemble none the less touching because homely. Mr Fullwood has also a fine work in "Sunrise from Mount Wellington, Tasmania," an immensely diffi- cult subject, in which the ideas of depth and distance between the foreground of rocky mountain-top and the far-stretching harbour view below are happily suggested by the impalpable blue vapour which rises from the unseen valley between. However, it is a pity that this lightness of touch is not more apparent in the clouds of rose and gold that nearly obscure the blue sky. They are too solidly worked, and thus appear to project too far forward over the scene. "The Clarence River at New- bold," a small but charming landscape by the some artist, may also be noticed with pleasure. Miss Ethel A. Stephens's best work in portraiture is "A Gleaming Ghost of Tears." It has value not only for the realistic character of the not very clear flesh tones and for the treatment of the hair, but also for the languid, dolorous gaze of the eyes. There is a great deal of sex in the expression, and in- cidentally the flowers at the breast are beautifully painted. "Where the Sunshine Sleeps on Lawn and Lea," also by Miss Stephens, shows the bright vernal tints of the sward, with a fern-covered fore- ground which has been treated with equal care and success. No. 352 (" Willie, Son of Professor David ") is a good portrait of an engaging little bow-mouthed child. The first of Mr. W. Lister Lister's pictures which in numerical order attracts attention is "Peaceful Morn" (No. 210). The spirit of a great calm broods over this scene. The tide, that element of motion and unrest, is far out beyond the long stretch of sand ; seagulls are on the margin of the great shallow hemmed in by the low rocks of the seashore ; and from the heavily- clouded sky rays of silver light are shooting down upon the low soft headland that skirts the beach. Tenderness is the prevailing tone in this work, which is one of the most fascinating in the gallery. Mr. Lester has as his chef-d'ouvre that great canvas, "Where the sea tides ebb and flow " (No. 284). This, too, is a coast scene, and is remarkable for the animation of its effect in proportion to the stillness depicted, and for that curious appearance of clear, penetrating light, beneath a more or less cloudy sky, which is one of the most alluring characteristics of the Australian climate. The scene comprises a surface of marvel- lously glassy and transparent water, reflecting in cool grey shadows the clouds above, weed-grown rocks, and low hills, verdant and purple in sunlight and shadow, which stretch out to the emerald breakers tossing far away—the only visible sign of life in a singularly cheerful and inspiring landscape. Mr. Lister has several other works of less importance. Mrs. Mary Stoddard's title of "Spring" (No. 216) is not specially applicable, for the type of good looks of her subject ia too heavy and robust to sug- gest the etherial season. This, however, does not affect the value of the work, and the masterly modelling of the features and the admirable treatment of the white drapery commend it to amateurs. Mrs. Stoddard also exhibits a por- trait of "Miss Muriel Carter " (No. 286), a charming subject, the expression mild and unaffected, the modelling of the clasped hands just, and the arrange- ment of details picturesque. "The Weird Sisters, Rocklily " (No. 217), introduces a new exhibitor, Mr. J. Swinton Diston, whose paintings of the Broken Hill mine were purchased for the Art Gallery at a recent students' competition. The gnarled and withered trunks, upon such a "blasted heath " as was described in "Macbeth," are well drawn, and the wild and desolate nature of the place is aptly suggested. The new artist's finest work, however, is "Evening on tho Coast, Pittwater" (No. 218). The treatment of the wind-swept sky, with the curious brown-grey tints, whose warmth will soon be quenched in the gloom of night, shows the rare faculty of original observation and research. Mr. Diston also forwards two good portraits, a clever study from life, " A Connoisseur " (No. 228), and some minor contributions which might well have been spared. Mr. Charles H. Hunt is not strongly represented this year. There is, however, feeling for a difficult open-air effect in "Neutral Bay" (No. 220), the cool dark tones of which suggest the dark- ness in which the scene is clothed. Mr. Arthur Collingridge paints kangaroos at play in the long sundried grass, under the title of "In Happy Momnnts." The doe, half in shadow, is crouched on the ground, her young one playing at her side : and a little further away the "old man" kangaroo surveys the scene, reared to his full height. The colouring of the animals is true to nature, and the drawing instinct with life. "A Spring Morning" is a clever essay at reproducing the dim half-light which precedes the dawn, with calves frisking beneath a tree. This is evidently an idyll of calf life- perhaps of calf love. Mr. Collingridge is also to be congratulated upon his pretty "Peep at Bathurst " (No. 324). With the wrathful ravings of the rejected ringing through the town, one wonders how Miss Emily Meston's portrait, No. 222, passed the selec- tion committee, especially as this artist was already represented by flower-studies, for which she has a decided talent. Mr. W. C. Piguenit, who in previous years has proved prone to repeat himself, makes something of a new departure in "Over the Hills and Far Away " (No. 292)-a dreamy landscape near Campbelltown. The softness of the meadow view and the tender touch employed in the grey sky over which the rain-cloud is spreading maks the eye dwell with pleasure upon the scene. There is the same har- monious quality apparent in Mr. Piguenit's "In the Gloaming," with cattle going home beneath a sunset glove, painted in the artist's best manner. Mr. Arthur Streeton has not done so much as usual, and somo of his minor works aro unequal ; but tho absence of " Tho A. A. Company's Gloucester Bnckots " (No. 293) would bo a loss to the exhibition. The title is a trillo puzzling to town dwellers, who aro apt to look for mining; shafts, creameries, and the like, until the presence of minute and insignificant cattle presumably explains the recondite uso of the term "Buckets." Hore tho artist has succeeded marvellously well in giving aerial lightness to the mountains which tower behind, to- gether with a certain shimmering radianco to tho ¡»hostly white of tho ringbarked trees, and a charm- ing vornal tint to tho flower-besprinkled herbage. This picture is painted with oxtromo art, and wo find in it no traco of tho hurried, care Joss, unfinished touch which young " impressionists " begin with, and, liko Mr. Strooton, grow out of us their talent maturos. This artist has also a fantastic decorativo design (No. 372) in which a thin and long-thighod girl plays tho violin in a state of nudity in company with a little boy who tootles on the flagoolot. Tho composition is clover and has style, but it ÍB too bizarre and modern in its tone. Mr. Tom Roberta's " The Golden Fleece "-to givo his " Shearing Shed" its second and moro poetic title-is ono of those convincing works, strongly painted, full of research, and bearing closo inspection, which aro not too often socn in any gallory. Tho norvous force which inspires tho varying attitudes of tho figures, tho ruddy tints of tho men's faces as contrasted with tho silver light re- flected from tho falling fleece, tho vigorous life of the scone, and tho skill of tho composition aro the chief points in one of tho finest works yot shown at tho Art Society's exhibitions. Tho other oil paintings will bo reviewed in th e second notico upou wator- colours und sculpture. 