The Tragedy of the Swamp. The rrwamps and bayous of the south are its ghosti- ite unburied coupecs-its death. trape. To be lusn in one of tre great ewamps of Mlineeai p ni or Louisiana meroa more than death. 16 means such terror before death romeon that you would pray to die and wel come the nmeeonger with open arms. In the old days of bondage a slave who ran away to the warumpe was entered on the books as dead. If the alligators, serpoents, vultures and awful lonesomeness drove him back to slavery, well and good. 1t they did not his master knrw why. He know that death had claimed him and he could not come. In these enemps the saurian and theb serpent find their paradise. There is nothing to die turh them-nothing to prevent them from living out their dayt. It is so dark and gloomy that the owl ories out at midday so full of eiredneCCs and torror that the vulture in alarmed by the sound of bia own voice. We walked out on a long tongue of solid ground puenetratig the waters of the bayou for hall a mile. Here the waters eel back front the Pearl River until they formed what might be ciled a lake. In time of drought this spot wcouldl almost be tillable. In time of tood the lake would be twice as large. Thlere are trees standing hero and there etumpa shoving above the surface-loge and trees adoat. Every tree is loaded down with the funeral aroc, which swings to the lighltest breeze. Every log is moess.gown and de. cayed. Every gallon of water has the germs of malaris and break-bone fever. It is the most melancholy reality the human eye ever saw. Chain a strong man here and he would go mad in a week. Life I Yes. Bus such life I It is near midday, and the great alligators are basking In the sun, while the rattlesnakes, cotton. mouths and moccoasina move lazily about. A great bird of prey sits on the sole limb of a decayed tree overhanging the water, his head under his wing and unmindful of our prsonoce. Humanity has no right here. It is one of the hell spots of the earth. Bring here ono of the greatest sinners of earth and give him his choice between this spot and the torments of hell and he wouldeask to be led away. "Look I Look I He must be crazy I" Bo called two or threevoices in chornus,and I looked acroae the southlern arm of the lagoon to sea a raft just putting off from the shore. It was only a couple of logs lashed together, and it moved out sluggishly. Standing in thIe centre was a man-a negro. lIeo was half a mile away, but tihe glass which one of the hunters carried brought him with. in a few feet of us. He was a stalwart fellow, but he hlad an ugly look. He was a criminal and a fugitive. Hle had committed some eaions crime to forcea himr to take refuge here If pursuit had been mado it had not availed. He did not looc back and around him like one who feared to hear the bay of dogs and shouts of men. lie had endeurer the vwamp until ho could endura no more At the heazrd of being amught he was bound to get out of it. If he could Iual hiteuelf across to the tongue of linm Iod the lent of the way was easy. lHe must have kloe n of the dangere, but he wee dsperIato and determrined. He had no civeriag for his hrad, hi clshirt wa. int rge, iand his LOev nod ptallhld panlts were rtl-ed u. t I the knee. -Id had a pole, by wh:oh .11e.e nIe propelled the rat; in a aluggish " lick outof slght-all of sOul" whirpered one of the group, ind we lost no time in Oh:t it.e,. - Tuv tel:l of the eosthrrn man hnsntini the wio d 1-. rt you h",irve that . n his no py:' I or ire u) for iei werei he ur'b l. the law. I'lutre w ru enstt.etu nun, and they knew tar tbs ruy or usurd-r lc t driven that blc.: oan to rreeuuotr tlso prrtsi of the groil owamp. It mas pay for hit-i-t was neioy in their hearts wn:uh too1; the group out ut his eight that ie mighlt out fear to land. It wAs to give him a Ooithce for his life. I did not understand for a ousmoetit. Tuen agroan from one of the men caorre me to riseo my head. There was a rilpple in the still, yellow waters of the bayou. It was to the letL,and in three aeconde there was a second to the right. "HIe i drowned I" whispered one of tbo men ashe handed me the glans. As I looked there were more ripples-a dozen whirls and splahbes-a.commotionn as of a score of swimmers, and directly I saw a. monster alligator rear half his length out of tho water. You may have seen men die in their beds or on tho field of battle, bun did you ever sen a strong man fight for his life against terrible odds and finally go down? It is so witllh a man when the deadly undertowclotcheehim. It in 0o when ihe is pulled down by wild beasts. Terror blanched this man's black face to the color of ashen when he realised his peril. It made himo tremble like one in a obill. fluH opened his mouth to about, but no mound came. From every portion of that bayou there was a rush of sauriano-twenty-fifty -a hundred-a thoueand, it seemed to me by the splash and commotion. A bravemani may weaken at peril, but reaction comes and he dies gamyý. In one niluto that black man shook offi the fear which chained him, shut his teeth hard, end the fire of desperation burned its his eyes as it does in those of a wild beast brought to bay. lie beat at the black heads and onouts with his stout pole-he nused it as a club and a spear, and for five minutes he kept them off. Ho was still a quarter of a tmile fromn us. I saw him saltulate the dim. tanes with his eye. . Then he looked around at his foes. Just thcn a monster saurian reared itself half ite length upon the raft, determined to be first at the leant. With one last powerful blow the polo was broken over the roptile's bead, the piece flung aside, and with a short run and a panther-like leap the negro seemed to clear the circle closing in on him. In a few seconds his head appeared and he struck bravely out, while we now bshowed ourselvos and encouraged him by voioo and gesture, He had made fifty feet, and he was cleaving the waters with a strong arm when he suddenly sprang breant high above the surfaco, uttered an awful ory of agony, and was drawn down to be seen no more. The waterm were lashed and vezed until the muddy waves ran to our feet, but the turmoil gradually ceased, the reddish tinge was absorbed by the yellow, and ten minutes after le disappeared we saw nothing but the overturned raft drilting down to lodge In a tree-top. 