THE SPECTRE TEAM. \ 'Bl'Sll' CiHOKT KTORY. : (lly Mark Ovez in Tim Caiii.k.) ? Ab, Iianntcd houses nru nil very I,' siiiil 'tiic1g Hon, after our i- 'inns j)a I't.V luiil been ongayvd for V„,nvs in tlie Tascinatiug but fear ,.v.' .? ' I ,)f Ciqi|iing ghost stories, i-e fill, round the great liall fire ; ;t a li.-ninted house is a tame i i.ill vim. in caivmarinon i a ^host-ridden road or river.' Koiid or river ! ' we exclaimed iu mis tones of incredulity and excite [. ' What oil earth do you mean, le Ben ? ' Can von stand one more yarn— without a fateful picture-gallery, it; panels, mid waving tapestry?' yes. What was it ? ' gasped So secivt passages, dungeons, s. etc. '? ' Hi.tlo! Ves. What— please— go is it — when ? ]-egin ! ' ?Veil, we will give the Old Coun hosts a spell, and J *11 toll ynu ; the most ghastly Christmas Eve ?verl put in — atleastit so seems to ,-eii now— when I first started oil ivn account in Queensland, iinongst other things 1 had taken il mail contracts that year, and f tin-in was the line from Her Jle to lienconsfield. It chanced il Christmas week the Jleaeons n:\ilnian was down with fever and and as hands were scarce, ; lo the Mount Stewart rush, and had several squatter friends id road, decided to run the :iv.°elf for the week, and on the l'ny story was oil my way to a ii belonging to a friend of mine 1 hoped to get in n if Christinas 1'ay. 1 knew well that I stood a good ? of anything hut a pleasant ii tlie road, for the weather had incatening for a week or more, s a matter of fact, on the second mt, the 21th December, tlie jrstornis, heralding the wet , Jinally broke, and 1 found ! at sundown still some ten or miles short cf my destination, lie prospect of reaching it that getting fainter every minute, age that day was lather over miles, and 1 had started with :'i-aMe misgivings, for there were ! haddish creeks to pass on the .ml l-y his contract a mailman idden to risk loss or danger to ils. n miles out the ball opened iiasli and a bang that seemed , every gum tree within ' C'oo lowever, on I rode through a of rain, leading the pack horse rried the mails ; ill my heart i fervid hope that I might not ick up,' and .so lose the chance somewhat primitive festivities midsummer Christmas, tout twenty miles from my g place there was a broad and ?atively shallow creek — Sandy by name. H was one which many miles away, and ran le coast range over flat country, i ere I'o re took long to ' come —and the crossing was fairly jongh the water was obviously 1 pushed oil over a four or le stretch known as ' Howling where 1 had no intention of cornered if 1 could help it, as mid was bad and swampy and 0 be more or less Hooded. ]-ut lext creek, a smaller one called son's, my spirits sank, for I illy jnst, get my pack over dry, lere were two more creeks 1 me and Emu Plains, where nds lived. ill dismal foreboding 1 jogged another live miles or so, only my worst fears realised when 1 I the Two-mile, for the water ;eu, in fact was tearing down' mill-race, and rising every , and there was nothing for it nim, which amusement was, as said, officially denied to me. j, the Two-mile I knew was a lide to the condition of Scrubby the last and worst creek of the lloth streams headed in the ?ange, but iScriibljy Creek was arger than the Two-mile, and, as worse, the crossing was ap ed from both sides by a long irrow cutting through dense making it as nasty a swim as roll be imagined, rain, after coining down any nth scarcely an interval since ;t burst, now stopped, and the : clouds, lit up with violet and ishes every other second, were ? ? off to -the west, so that I hoped :th luck J 'might still share the uas dinner -at the plains, the eing the holding off of more ' 'or two or three hours often Jltlie difference to the height shorter coast-range creeks. , If ? lid go on raining I should ?o camp the night and ride ds next morning for. some fifteen miles to. where, below uctiou of the Two-mile and ?y-Creeks, was abroad ferry always practicable. Anyway, .ed to camp for some hours, ?e- my horses a spell, and the i a chance of righting itself in. Four. So I turned from tlie'. ! u search of a camp, and after I back nearly.. to Thompson's found a place --nr 3m lrofiji&rt; . rather off immediately hidden some uounds of quartz shnd Jcovered rass trees. After I had taken packs and secuned-, t^ieip from damp, and Gobbled my-lioN'es, ed my attent'on to the eoja . of a fire, and further ?% of tea. Il I' hope you notice that kwi s to give you the proper quart companiment to all'1 Australian, though I don't think you caii 'sably expect we --to throw iu a too, on this pcpaflipji ? ? ? ' 1 was. a pretty fair ihanc|In ..Wie beam nee of the rain, cheered me greatly, and when, after the last red suggestion of - sunlight dis appeared oil one side ot the sky, the moon began to peep pityingly through Ibe trees on the other 1 felt justified in indulging in hope and a pipe. The night was very still, the air hot and heavy, and the million and one voices of frogs and insects which greet the first rain in the tropics began to pipe, squeak, and croak a shrill treble to tho now distant thunder. I was at my third pull' when I was startled by a distant crack from beyond Thompson's Creek. ' ' Bullock whip ?' I said to myself, ' not likely. 1 must have been mis taken.' ' Somewhat puzzled I went ou smoking, when all at once I became aware of a sound as of the grinding and clocking of wheels apparently ou the track beyond the creek'. ' ' It must be wheels!' I thought; and just then rang out again the un mistakable crack of a bullock whip. ' ' That's rum ! ' J thought, ' I've passed no team to-day ; there must be a track across Howlong Flat somewhere from lower down Sandy Creek ; but what tlie mischief is the fellow going to do ? It's two hours since 1 jnst scraped across Thomson's Creek. lie hasn't a chance of even trying it now !' ' Hut the wheels came jolting and grinding oil over the belt of rotten quartz through which the creek ran. 1 heard at intervals the strong heavy crack of the whip and soon I could distinguish the peculiarly powerful and professional exhortations that a bullock driver addresses to his beasts iu any situation of diiliculty or effort. ' My camp, as I said, was so placed, that the track in my immediate neigh bourhood was hidden from me by little ridges of rocky ground, hilt 1 could see the banks of the creek on both sides of the crossing. ' As the noise grew nearer aud nearer and nearer, I strained my eye.; to watch through the faintly moon-lit gloom for the appearance on the opposite bank of the bullock team and tho discomforturo of its presumably ignorant owner. As 1 did so 1 heard a rustling in the grass behind me, and saw that my dog — a pure blue and grey Smithiield cattle dog, that never missed a stage with me — had left the mail bags, against which lie had been curled asleep, and was standing close to mc, his eyes turned in the direction of my own, bis whole body leaning somewhat stilily forward. Behind me at two or three yards distant, were the two horses with forefeet iirnily planted, heads up, and eyes rather widely strained as tliey too looked towards the creek bank that the sounds were rapidly approaching. It appears that they think the bullocks as great fools as I do the driver!' 1 thought, and at that minute 1 saw the first couple of bul locks emerge from the shadow of the trees on the opposite side of tho bank, and head towards the creek. ' 1 counted them as they came on — two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve great beasts, plodding steadily along — and now J could see the dray, and the driver. He was going quickly backwards and forwards by the side of his team, adjming them in the accents they best understood to appreciate, and rise to the situation. ' ' The imperial ass cannot imagine the creek crossable!' I thought, but on went the bullocks. I felt my dog's head against my leg, and tbe breath of one of the horses on my neck. On goes the big brake, and the foremost bullocks began the descent into the creek, then the next two, then — my heart thumped against my chest — I lost sight of the first bullocks ! On went the team, on came the dray, the driver tearing from leaders to wheelers and back again, as is the custom ; the wheels crunched down the descent to the creek — everything disappeared behind the ground that hid them from my sight ! But I heard the dray grinding over stones and gravel, I heard the trampling, the sliding, the struggling of the bullocks I heard the ceaseless shouts and exhortations of the driver, and the ringing crack of the whip. 1 heard all this in the descent to, and ascent from, the creek ; and that creek was noiiiiiii/ a hanker ! ' Through my leather gaiter I could feel the quailing of the dog's body, as he leaned hard against my leg. I could hear the trembling of the horses who were just touching me, and I my self shivered from hand to foot standing there in that liot heavy air. But .. for the unnatural — I might say impossible — sounds 'of .the creek, everything seemed to have grown strangely,, .oppressively, silent. No tinkle of raindrops from the dark and dripping iron-bark overhead, no joyful frog chorus from the wet warm ground, only the rush of the swollen creek kept time to the noise of that mysterious team that it could not baffle. ' And now the leading bullocks appeared on the near hank, and slowly the others followed, straining, struggling towards the level ground — on, on, couple after couple stretched out by a real artist in a dead line, every beast doing his share — and then the heavy dray, with tlie crushing wheels, and the driver, Ws snake-like whip flying through the air to just touch the leaders, as it cracked loudly and; sharply, but not so loudly as to drown .the^shower of hortatory ex plosions that accompanied the report. ' A ' fine team it was, tbe great beasts :|Spking : grey/ in the moon light ai tliev went swinging on to the levet'^t^te5'' Aud i coidd ^ - 'that bullocks, dray, and driver 'were dry there'^liivgrihg * %s if ' th6!-wat'm summer showers we had - felt that day had heou icy .winter ^ain», .; , r-n. 'The bulJpcW, wefe'Tiow disapjieai^ ing behind ? tlie * ifi3*^e,; 5 iirid 'I noticed that as, they passed, then; the, fe^hery^ sight, and the driver was yelling out orders to the beasts that betokened liis intention to canip. I heard (hi! halt, then the 'Wo-o hack, Snailcy ! Stiind over, Star! Wo-o-ey!' the rattle of the yokes aud chain.;, anil the whole thing, for he was evidently camp ing just on the other side of t Ii v track, and consequently not a hundred aud fifty yards from me. With an effort I shook myself from the paralysis that seemedto . be holding me. If that — that curious team was camped close to me I might as well go and interview the driver. He had not seemed to notice that lie would have a neigh baur though my fire must have been visible from the creek, but he was busy with his bullocks and the cross- ! ing. The crossing ! 'I found myself shivering again, but I walked on towards the ridge, observing that my horses were follow ing me with their heads down aud eyes upturned, and the dog crept close by my leg. I had just got my foot on the first rocky bit of the little rise, and could hear the ringing of the big bullfrog bell on the poler's neck, and the sound of a match being struck as the driver started his fire, when there came a sudden sort of start, an ex clamation, aud then a cry — an awful cry. — Heaven ! I fancy I hear it now — it rang in despair and agony on the still night. There was an answering howl from my dog, aud that rare, aud to me, horrid sound — the shriek of a horse from pain or terror — and the animals with me had turned and fled. I dashed up the ridge, among the grass trees and looked down ou tlie track. Was 1 blind, or dreaming, or mad ? There it lay empty and silent under the misty moonlight — empty but for the traces of my horses' feet, where I had ridden to and fro between the creeks. The frog-chorus was sina-insr in every key of reioiciuir, the I creek was rushing loudly past its banks but of bullocks, dray, or driver there was not a trace ! 'I don't mind confessing that when 1 found the courage to turn my back oil the scene of that ghastly horror — for turning one's back does sometimes need pluck — I left the ridge much in the same style as my animals had done a little earlier. 'Dashing up to my little camp, 1 stumbled on something and came down on one knee by my tire, aud turning found it was my dog I had fallen over. lie lay with his back to my .saddle, his eyes glaring and his lips drawn back in a hideous grin — stoue dead ! ) 'Tho horses 1 could see nowhere. Tliey had ef course no boll on, and by this time the rain was coming down again and it was too dark to track them ; and even if 1 had got them I could go neither back nor forward as 1 well knew that Sandy Creek road had cut oil' my retreat long ago. So I was reduced to a choice between staying where I was and tackling the Scrubby Creek road on foot, leaving the mails. The latter in the dark, was little short of suicide, and as to the former — why J am not exactly a coward, but neither did 1 feel exactly the man to camp within a hundred and lifty yards of such goings-on as 1 had just been a witness to. So 1 compromised. Lugging the inailbags and saddles as far as 1 could stagger with them down the creek, I camped as best I might until the lirst streek of dawn, when I started out to look up my horses. When I found them the poor brutes looked as if tliey had been ridden a hundred miles. 'Saddling up, I made for the lower crossing, and reached the Plains feel ing very cheap about nine o'clock. 'They congratulated me on getting in up to time for the Christinas Dinner. ' '1 don't know if it was the mail or grub you were so keen about, said my friend, laughing, 'but you seem to have given your horses a pretty good bucketing.' ' 'It isn't much of a stage anyway, and mine wasn't much of a camp for a wet night.' 'By jovc ! no, and there ain't many white men — and no blacks — that would care to spend Christmas Eve by Thompson's Creek now I come to think of it !' ' 'Is that so ?' ' Yes ; it is about fifteen years since one Thompson, a bullock-driver, was murdered there on Christmas Eve. He must have just turned out his bullocks and got his camp ready, for they found his fire uulit, aud his box of matches close to it. It was sup posed to be a fellow that had owed him a grudge for some time. They say the whole show is to be seen there every Christmas Eve, but no white man has ever come up with it. How ever the blacks swear to it — Where's your dog ?' ''Dead — just now — at Thomp son's ! ' ' 'Drowned ?' ' 'No. I found him dead, after missing him for a bit.' ' 'Snake ? or p'r'aps he saw Thomp son's team — eh ?' ' 'Shouldn't wonder 1 ' ' There was a silence of some minutes at the conclusion of this narrative which Uncle Ben felt inclined to accept as more complimentary than three rounds of applause. It was broken by our Jem, who was understood to say in a shaky voice, ' Hand over the Jubilee yule-log to Uncle Benjamin.' 