Qieuti of the TQfeeA. ' ?*!* j NEW SOUTH WALES. I Tivo whales have teen killed at Eden. Over 1000 dogs have been registered ill Armidale ^Walter Lee, a life insurance agent, is supposed ' to have committed suicide by drowning at Lismore. The steamer Wodonga on Monday passed numerous schools of whales between Twofold and Botany 0f„omnv flhinrrtu. from China, broucht GS loses of opium, consigned to Chinese merchants in ^Madame Wallace and Albert Twigg have been committed for trial iu the fortune telling cases in B. Suttor thinks a big trade in frozen mutton might be established between Australia ^The^teainer Woolloomooloo, which left Sydney for London on Saturday, took 25,533 haunches and carcases of mutton. Platform tickets must now be secured by persons who desire to be present on the Singleton railway station when trains are working. The Customs collections in Sydney last week amounted to £32,G17, showing a decrease of £G9G5 compared with the previous week. Hu'h Wilson, once a noted steeplechase rider, died in the Bourko coach, from fits, while travelling from Compadore for medical advice. About 300 sheep belonging to Mr. Rob«rt War moll were killed near the meat works, Bourke, through eating some poisonous plant. Bourke pastoralists complain that their efforts to abate tbe rabbit pest are rendered useless by the animals being permitted to breed on Crown lands. James Robert Quilty, the night Btationmaster at Thirlmere, near Pic tori, who was arrested last week charged with unlicensed distillation, was fined £100. A special prize of £100 is being offered by the JIurrumbidgce Agricultural Association for the best two bags of milling wheat grown in the colony. ... Tne JlulSion i) armers fs-ssociai/iou uaa reauivcu tbat no Land Bill will be satisfactory unless accom panied by the promise of an early railway to Hiliston. A curiosity in the shape of a duckling with two beaks, and, iu fact, two partially farmed heads, i3 in the possession of Mr. A. Reuben, of John- street, Singleton. Alfred Jame3 Brown, who has travelled all through Naw Zealand in search of work, says that wherever he went there was lack of employment, and, con sequently, starvation. At Newtown police court, Patrick Blewitt, milk vendor, was fined £1 and costs for adulterating milk with water and ' preservitas' — a mixture of borax and boracic aeid. In the divorce suit Evans v. Evans, the wife petitioner, Sir William Windeyer made an order for the payment of £50 for costs, also for a gross amount of £500 alimony. Mr. A. B. Piddington, who resigned his position at the Sydney University in order to contest the Tamworth seat against the ex-Premier, has been taken on again as lecturer. ' A man named William Tonkin was on Monday fined 40s in Sydney for an assault upon ' Larry ' Foley, the once well-known pugilist. The ofEence was committed with a stone, A telegram from Auckland says : Reports pub lished in Australia on the authority of irresponsible persons giving accounts of ' appalling destitution' in New Zealand are unfounded. Consequent upon an inquiry that ha3 recently taken place in the Tamworth Gaol in relation to a certain matter Warder McDonald has been trans ferred to the East Maitland establishment. The man who was drowned whilst fishing at Little Coogee on Tuesday was Williams Ludewig, aged 25 years. The unfortunate fellow was deaf and partly dumb, and resided at Chippendale. Bad news for the miners. The Victorian Minister of Railways thinks that by. October, 1895, Vic torian coal will be landed in Melbourne at 10s a ton, and that not a ton of Newcastle coal will be used in the colony. The influx of passengers from New Zealand to Australia lately has been very large. On Friday and Saturday three steamers brought to Sydney no Ibsb than 778 passengers, most of whom are bound to Western Australia, 125 men are on strike in Sydney in connection with the dispute in the printing trade. Strike pay was granted on Monday to 125 men, and a payment of 10s was made to men who were unemployed before the strike began. . A letter received from Madame Melba states that she will not arrive in Australia till the end of August next. Unfortunately she will be unable to appear in opera, but it is hoped she will appear in acts from certain operas. Messrs. M'llwraith, M'Eachern, and Co. received a cablegram on Tuesday from London to the effect that the first shipment ot this season s ouuier, con- i signed to their London house, by the R.M.S. Orient, realised 108s per cwt. Mr. E. L. Monteriore, J.P., director of the Sydney Art Gallery and in other ways identified with art and literature, died on Monday. He was in his usual health on Sunday, but was taken with an appoplectic seizure, from which he never recovered. John Wright Hicks, who pleaded guilty to a charge of having, -while employed as teller at the Bathurst-street Branch of the Bank of New South Wales, embezzled £50, was sentenced in Sydney on Monday to two years' and six months hard labour. £SMr. Charles Stuart, an electrical engineer, was found lying insensible in his office, Pitt-street, on Saturday afternoon. He had been taking laudanum for neuralgia, and accidentally swallowed an over dose. Mr. Stuart is a Bon of the late Sir Alexander Stuart. In pursuance of the powers conferred by the Postage Acts Amendment Act, the Postmaster General has ordered that no letter, packet, news paper, or parcel addressed to Charles Westbrook, 116a Pitt-street, Sydney, shall be registered or de livered. From Nabiac, a place somewhere in the Manning district, comes . a tale of a bushman who found a snake crushed to death in a hole in the stuffing of his saddle, on which he had ridden several miles the previous evening, the snake being about three feet long. The revenue returns for last week show a decrease compared with the corresponding period of last year of £22,779. The chief items in which decreases occur are : — Customs, £401-1 ; stamps, £15,943 ; and railway receipts, £3373. The only considerable increase is £2103 from sales. Two Crown witnesses (Messrs. Meyer and Hyslop) who appeared in a case heard in Sydney on Friday were alleged to have insulted Mr. R. H. Levien, wno appeared tor tne defence, aud tnat sensitive gentleman having complained to the Judge, his detractors were fined £10 each. A shooting affray occurred at Reedy Creek, Blayney, on Monday, which resulted in an elderly man, named John Williams, being brought before the Police court, charged with shooting with intent to inflict grievous bodily harm on one Thomas Campbell. The accused was remanded. Owing to the great demand for telephones, the stock at the General Post-office has run out, andno more will be available till about tho 12th of next month. When the applications in hand have been attended to, there will be 525 telephones connected by the Postal and Telegraph Department. A boy named Bertie Flannagan, aged 10, was leaning over the rail of the MpM Bridge, near Moree, when he over-balanced and fell 20ft. into the river. The stream waB running at the rate of six miles an hour at the time, and the body was swept away. The police are dragging the river. A theatrical fete for the benefit of actors and actresses in poor circumstances was held on the Sydney cricket ground last week. Sports and a programme of novelties were carried out, and the affair, receiving substantial assistance at the hands of the leading members of the profession, was a great success. .me cnarge agambt; josepn .Lyons tor man slaughter of the schoolgirl Mary Warburton was proceeded with at Broken Hill on Saturday. After hearing^ the evidence, his Honor directed the jury to acquit accused as the evidence was not sufficient to show wilful recklessness in driving. The accused was therefore acquitted. At the Broken Hill Circuit Court on Monday Mr. Justice Stephen sentenced the Tolarno rioterB to ' terms of imprisonment ranging from 18 months to two years and three'months, with hard labour. The eight prisoners convicted of riot at Grastnere station were eaoh sentenced to three yeare' impri sonment with hard labour. Constable Long, of No. 3 Btation, who displayed such bravery early on Sunday morning in capturing the armod burglar single-handed inRushcutter Bay reserve, has been rewarded by promotion from tho position of ordinary constable to that of first-class constable. Long who is 28 years of age and a native of Ballarat, haB been in the force only 18 months. A fow days ago a young man named Nicholas, while working near Walcha, cut a log in half. He upended one portion and placed it on his shoulder. As ho did so a snake crept out and dropped on to his arm. A moment afterwards the young man was 150 yards away wiping the perspiration from hiH brow, and congratulating himself on his miraculous escapo. It has been ascertained that tho Customs officials on the New South Wales border lately discovered t.liflt fivn of picric!:.! vestments had entered Victoria without paying duty. I he goods were traced to a Roman Catholic presbytery near the border and seized. The authorities inflicted a fine of £50, in addition to £12 or £13 duty. This sounds like taxing religion, doesn't it ? On .Sunday morning the body of a female infant was found on the banks of the Parramatta River, opposite Subacio. The body was attached to a bag of sand, weighing about 281b. It would seem as if the body had beon cast into the water at high tide, j and the receding waters left it stranded on tho bank. The body was slightly decomposed, and had evidently been in tho water two or three days. Alexander Brodic, G5 years of ago, one of the members of tho orchestra at tho Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, suddenly dropped dead at about 8 o'clock on Wednesday aight whilst beating the drum in the overture. He was noticed to fall across tbe drum j and assistance being at once rendered, he was carried to a room at the baak of the stage. Dr. H. L. Maitland, who was present, made an examina tion, but found life to be extinct. Death was due to cerebral hemorrhage. At the Civil sittings at Broken Hill, on Monday, the case of Bowden v. the Broken Hill Proprietary Company, in which the plaintiff claims £2000 damages for injuries sustained in a cage accident on 7th December last year, was called on. A curious difficulty arose. Mr. Justice Stephen intimated that, being a shareholder in the Proprietary Com pany, he would not hear tho case. Ultimately the plaintiff's attorney purchased the shares from his Honor. The case is still proceeding. The adjourned meeting to consider the question of inviting Stoddart's team of English cricketers to visit Tamworth, wa3 held last week, the Mayor (Mr. C. J. Britten) presiding over a fair attendance. It was stated that of the £105 required by the English cricketers about £G0 had been guaranteed. A committee wai appointed to thoroughly canvas the town and carry tho thing through. We believe that the time for the proposed match will be some time in February when the team aro on their way to Brisbane. Two burglars who had entered tne premises or Mr. A. E. Rowell, jeweller, of Summer Hill, Sydney, early on Saturday morning were disturbed and chased by the proprietor, who caughtand struggled with one of the men, who drew a revolver. Being apparently unable to use it himself he threw the weapon to his mate, who aimed at Mr. Rowell's head and fired. Mr. Rowell threw up his arm, and the bnllet struck him on the arm, inflicting a very nasty wound. The marauders then escaped but left their booty behind. As usual, the police are on their track. A loud report was heard at Wagga . on Sunday night, such as that of a gunpowder explosion. It proved to be one of the boilers at the Murrumbidgee Co-operative Milling Co.'s premises. The engineer banked up the fires, leaving all snug for the night at 11 o'clock, there being then only about an 801b. pressure of steam on the boiler which exploded, blowing out the crown fi^e doors, the fire bars, and a heap of wood which was stacked in front of the boiler was scattered. Tho damage done is roughly estimated at £400. No cause can be assigned for the bursting of the boiler. Of late considerable excitement has been mani fested in Sydney in so-called spiritualistic manifes tations, whereat ' spooks' went through such ex traordinary antics for inhabitants of spiritland as eating chocolate drops, distributing flowers, etc. The other evening it is stated two unbelievers who were present at the seance seized the ghost of the black girl and discovered her to be very warm flesh, blood, and bone, and no other than the cele brated medium who had assumed a disguise for the purpose of- impersonation. People who believe in spiritualism, believe anything and anybody but. themselves. The following officers of St. Andrew's Masonic Lodge wereinstalled at Singletonon Thursday even ing: — W.W., J. C. Peacock j senior warden, R. B. Conolly; junior warden, C. Powell; chaplain, R. Scott, R.M. ; treasurer, F. Huston; secretary, J. Keif, P.M.; senior deacon, H. M'Fadden; junior dooonn T W HVH . A 'Ronton. guard, G. Bruderlinj stewards, A. Simmons, W. H. Crossley. Dr. Read acted as director of ceremonies, and the Very Worshipful W. Dobbie, district inspector ot' workings, acted as installing master. There was a very large attendance of local and visiting brethren. The Rev. J. Milne Curran delivered an instructive lecture on artesian bores to a large audience at Gunnedah, on Wednesday night under .the aus pices of the School of Arts. Mr. Wills-Allen, J.P., presided. The chairman stated that during the operation of the artesian boring on his Queensland property in the M'Kinley district an obstacle was met with in the shape of a granite formation. He submitted the difficulty to the Queensland and New South Wales geologists, who advised a dis continuance of the boring. As a last resource he applied to the Rev. Mr. Curran, who said that the granite was doubtlessly a vein, and was backing up the water. He followed the rev. gentleman's directions, with the result that he obtained a marvellously strong supply of water. James Lee, a young man, convicted at the Central Criminal Court for a ruffianly assault upon Frank ICierwel, waB brought up for sentence before Acting-Justice Murray. Detective Goulder stated that he had seen Lee consorting with the most notorious criminals and knew him to be a 'pal' principally of well-known Melbourne 'cracksmen.' Commenting upon t he offence of which the prisoner was convicted his Honor said the evidence had shown Lee to be one of a band of rogues and vaga bonds who hang about the parks and city chambers at night and were a scourge to society. The assault upon Kierwel was savage and most un provoked. As the maximum punishment for this offence was five years' pennl servitude, his Honor said he did not see the slightest reason why he should not inflict the highest penalty. The sentence of the Court, therefore, was that prisoner be kept at penal servitude for five years. Mi-. Alexander Johnston, of E-ist Maitland, who has for some months past been eagaged iu beach mining near tho mouth of the Manning River, started to return home, a few days ago. With the intention of driving his horse and cart he tried to get down by way of Bulladelah, but on reaching Coolongolook, 16 miles from the former place, he found that the road stopped, and there was no track. He tried to get over th* country, but failed, and in the end had to leave his conveyance behind him. and taking a timber raft down the river he travelled by steamer to Newcastle. Mr. Johnston says that it is possible to drive from Brisbane to Coolongolook aDd from Melbourne to. Bnlladelnh, but tho 16 miles between these two places is im passable, and the inhabitants have been vainly trying for nearly 20 years to have tho road taken through. At both ends there is a bridge, built by Government at considerable expense, yet to drive between the two plnces the people have to make a circuit of nearly 40 miles. The Government Gazette of Friday last notifies the acceptance of the following tenders in con nection with public schools : — Armidale West, improvements, George Buckley, £21 17s Gd; Bil lengeq, improvements, J. Donnelly, £21 8s Gd ; Blandford, repairs, J. J. McGiveney, £41 ; Bate man's Bay, erecting residence and alterations, C. B. Smith, £567 ; Boggabri, additions, E. ,T. Britton, £155 10s ; Guyra, converting old building iuto weathershed, George Buckley, £35 103 ; Guyong, fencing, W. Harvey, £22 10s ; Maclean, improve ments and repairs, Dugald Macdonald, £115 15b ; Moor Creek, painting and repairs, James R. Boschetti, £24 10s ; Minmi, improvements, John Reid, £1-9 ; Newcastle South, improvements to playground, David Lloyd, £15 5s; Tighe's Hill, fenoing, NorbertA. 0'Leary,£Jll IBs; Wallabadah, painting and repairs, James Dunn, £23 3s ; Walla badah, repairing underground tank, Alfred Kelly, ,£15; Wallsend, repairs, John Davies, £12 17s;' Walcha Road, painting and repairs, B. E. Furnifull, -£16. 