Tno social gathering of Aldermenon at the invitation of A?ntrna AN Wes'voN was a happy idea on tho part of tih Host, and is worth the initation of thoso who wore guests, Municipal oounoillors are not prnovrhinl for their urbanity in conolave, and it is refresh.l ing to the publio at any rate to hoar of a nitooing wheor fearful throats of S Supromo Oourtr writs, inandamus, quo warrants, and other nwoeispiring terms, Intersporseod with cries of. ";you're anl otheor, worl taboood, T ohe Host him self, as hn w}ll kiio\v, has tih reputel tion of hoing,. able, to mako things ; lively,,and ;in thoe sorimmage to hold his own, but ho ihas more than onoo given' his assurance that those who thinkl,ho hais goeho into,tlh, Onuncil to mako an show bf himself " will prove thomsplvoes falto prophots, There is no reason why muniofpal businoss should not boe discussed asitwnas around Mn. WusToN's tabloi ' and now that ha hams 'ld the Way, others may well follow in his trackn ghost to bring on the board the oauldol. of' the ,oolohrated K(l nha tranr?wy. Thero Is nothing Ithat bhings a hll?alt'n' h' ch llo(k of the 'itlodest I(ainnitsa qulokor than a reference to that loal' eonlrprise,, nld if It' wore possihle for slo?w and go.onsy folk 'iaohlas 'we urn' to losoour tompor It should ntl h oneasy to lash us Into fury by a gontoemplhtionk of that little bit of 'Aldormsnlo, folly, It is iyll;' novartlis ss, h to liii'ronihilldrl of it,;apart. froii tim annual bialannn. shoot, "that eoverybody itay ' kenw? exactly how things stand. With an ahnomnal rainfall ,plyling hiave wtill roads and bridgos, it is not an exhila. rating prospect to look at a debt of £81000 and think that it will be forty lout; years ;Leforoe we shall sote the last of it, and then not before £?000 shall have baon paid for its use!. No wonder the question of whIt is to be d(one with such a burden should be anxiously skcbd. Arauieos A. V WIstTTO would tackle it by the imposition of a tax of 3d in the £. We wish him joy of the venture, It would be more unpopular than the folly for which it was to pay, and compared with it, the lighting ratte itself would be regarded as a luxury. Sil GLtoeca Do ])nns the other dlay seriously informed a convivial ,gathering that lihe and his follow mnom. bors in Parliament " wore making histdry," wheroea tihe popular opiniont was that they wore making fools of themselves. But as the Ptsatimtin al. ways tells the truth we must aketo his word for it, and use it for our comfort, Tie latoe0ouncil of Kiana had an ambition Ihcyond the umaking of streooets, It, too, must nmlko history, and did it with a vengeance over this tramway business, which will always he regarded as ia monument to the business sagacity and prudence of those history-makors. For that history the ratepayer and his children after him must now be contontl to pay as behst they can, even if they console themcselves with a grin over it. As to the vexed question':of bound. aries, if no now light was lot in at this meeting, a little old light was turned on again. It needs no argument to convince anybody as to the absurdity of the southern dividing line between the boroughs of Kianma and Jamlbroo, and it wor.o easy oenough if. that wore all, to run tl;h surveyor's chain across in a otminoon senso direction. But those most anxious to come over the southern border into Kiama are least anxious to pay the intvitable piper, With all the drawbacks of their con. section with J'amlboroo there is the goldon advantago of exemption fronti unpopular rates such as Kiama it-l poses. Just now, the lightning rate is the chief bugoear. We venture to say that there has boon moro nonsense talked over this rate than over all else conected with the municipal lifo of the place. Kiamta itself has made up its mind for gas light. It Ihas come to stay, and those who wish to join hands should l e prepared to take their share of what the union neoossarily involves t in the way of gonteral payment for general boenefit. 