MUSIC. Ix the Strand M.agazina for IFebruary, in a very interesting account of " How Composers' Work," Mr. Cowen says, with reference to his mode of com posing :-' I usually work by fits and starts, or rather, I should say, that I work sometimes for months con tinuously almost all day and evening with little rest, especially when I am engaged upon a large work, for then I can think of nothing else; it weighs upon my mind until completed. At other times I do little or nothing (except a few songs, etc.) for a month or two lying quite, fallow. This may be a greater strain than working systematically all the year round, but I cannot bear when engaged on any thing important to lose the thread of it for a single moment.' As to com posing to a piano, Mr. Cowen believes in it when writing for voices and sing ing every note and word one self; but otherwise his opinion is that the music is very apt to be unvocal. In the case of choral works he often makes the vocal score first, having made up his mind thoroughly beforehand whait the orchestration is to be. 'I never work now very late into the night,' con tinues the composer, ' though I used to; usually beginning about 10 or 10.30 a.m., and leaving off about 11 p.m. or 12, with intervals for meals and a.constitutional (this is of course when working hard). Every com poser should have a notebook of some sort to jot down ideas in when neces sary. I may say I have carried about with me (mentally only) whole songs or movements perfected, sometimes for three or four years, without writing down a note, and have afterwards used them almost in the exact state in which they were photographed on my brain. I do not think it possible for composition to be taught or acquired-that is real composition. I daresrly that anyone with a certain musical taste can be taught to stri;ng a melody and accompaniment together ; but the genuine thing must be born in one, though the gift is useless, or at least crude, without serious cultiva tion.' In conclusion he says : ' I do not believe in composers writing to order as a general rule, but I think they may often do their best work under pressure, and when they know it must be completed by a certain time; of course providing that the time allowed them is sufficiently long to prevent their hurrying or scamping their work.' A story is related of the late General Cavaignac, a great French repub lican, illustrative of the charm exeor cised upon him by Chopin's music. When on his death-bed the General expressed the strongest wish to hear Chopin play. He was accordingly sent for. He arrived, and seating himself at a piano in a room adjoining that in which the republican lay dying, improvised so exquisitely that the General, making a desperate effort, raised himself from his bed, and looking almost more like a ghost than a human being, tottered into the room where the composer sat at the piano. Cavaignac was with difficulty got back to bed where he said with a smile to his mother who had expressed groat anxiety at his rash act ' Do not be alarmed mother, I thought I heard angels' music,' and died shortly afterwards with the sad smile caused by the 'Angels' music still upon his lips. Two very great players, Dr. Joa chim and Signor Piatti, have just celebrated their English jubilee. Both arrived in London in 1844. Dr. Joa chim has been the principal violinist at the popular concerts for 35 years, and Signor Piatti, the violoncellist, since the close of 1859. To commemor ate their jubilee a reception was held, when addresses were presented to them by Sir George Grove and Dr. Mackenzio. Miss Edith Kinghas been appointed soprano soloist at St. Patrick's Cathedral, Sydney. E.M.K. 