Food, for, the Superstitious. Lord Brougham in his life and; times, written by himself, gives the following story : — A most remarkable thing hap pened tome — so remarkable that I must tell the story, ., from the , beginning. After I left the High, School (in Edin burgh) I went with G ? , my most in timate friend, to attend the classes in the University. . There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among others on the im mortality of the soul and . on a .future state. This question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead appearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation, and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement^ written with our own blood, to the. effect that whichever of us died first should appear to the other, and thus solve any doubt we hod enter tained of the ' life after death.' After we hod finished our classes at the college, G ? went to India, having got an ap pointment there in the Civil Service. He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few years I had almost for gotten him. Moreover, his family hav ing little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or. heard anything of them or of him through them, so that all the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly forgotten his existence. I had taken a warm bath, and while in it and enjoying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I moved my head round towards the chair on which I had deposited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G ? looking calmly at me. How I got out of the bath I know not, but on recovering my senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of G ? , had disappeared.. The vision produced such a shock that I had no in clination to talk about it, or to speak about it, even to Stuart ; but the im pression mode upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, and so strongly was I affected by it that I have here written down the whole history with the date, December 19, and all the particulars as they are now fresh to me. No doubt I had fallen asleep, and that the appear ances presented so distinctly to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment doubt. For years I had had no com munication with G ? or any member of his family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion and the bar gain we had made. I could not dis charge from my mind the impression that G ? must have died, and that his appearance to^me was to be received by me as a proof of a future estate. This incident happened on December 19, 1799. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript : — ' I have just been copying out from my journal the account of the strange dream, ' certissima mortis imago,' and now to finish the story begun about sixty years since. Soon after my return from Edinburgh there arrived a letter from India announcing G ? 's death, and stating that he had died on the 19th December.' 