mayurra District Council. An adjourned meeting of the Council was held on Thursday, September 6th. Present —Crs. Williams (chairman), Crafter, Osinan, Nitschkc, and Holzgrefc. The Clerk explaiued the adjourned meeting as fixed had fallen on a public holiday so that lie had sent postcards round postponing until Thursday.—Action approved. The Chairman stud that the object of the meeting was to form regulations for the control and working nf the cemetery. Cr. Crafter said that what was wanted were the rules under which the curator iiad been appointed. Cr. llolzgrefe said that the Clerk had got what information he could out of old minutes, and all'it amounted to was that appointments had been made from time to time without, proper regulations. Fie had himself until then been under the impression that regulations had been dr'.wn under which tbe Curator received 5 per cent, on amounts collected for blocks. Or. Nitschke thought that this 5 per cent, rule had been inade by a minute of the Council. * The Clerk produced and read copy of cemetery regulations under the Act, and the regulations of the Mouut- Gambier Cemetery. The Clerk, in reply to the Chair, said that blocks in the Millicent Cemetery were 12ft. x 12ft. for front blocks and 12ft. x 9ft. for others, which could be cut. into several portions. There were no free blocks in the new surrey. In the Mount G .mbier Ce neterv payment was not asked until tombstones or railings were erected, and in Penola regulations were almo.-t the same. Cr. Crafter thought that prices should be reduced. Cr. Holzgrefe did not see how they could get away from present price of blocks. Some had been bought and paid for at the old prices and many bought and not pai I for. To reduce them would be unfair to the first, and would induce the second to claim a reduction before they paid. Beside ^hicli the price was already below that of Mouut Gambier, aud was not more than enough to keep the cemetery in gooi repair. Cr. Nitschke believed that if a man wanted a special block he ought to pay for it, if he would not pay for it lie ought not to waut it. The Clerk in reply to the Chair said that the charge for digging the grave was £1. Cr. Nitschke thought this was too high, and Cr. Crafter thought it too much by half. The Chairman said that the difficulty rained by Cr. Holzgrefc. in the way of reduction of blocks, was real; but at the same time they did not want to .make a profit out of the the cemetery. If they could keep it in repair with lower prices they should not put people to too great expense in disposing of their dead. Cr. Crafter did not see how very many blocks could hare been paid for to judge by the returns in the past. He thought that it would be better to leave the matter until they could get more definite information as to prices charged elsewhere. The charge proposed, Is. 6d. per superficial foot for front blocks and is. for others was outrageous. Cr. Holzgrefe moved that present charges per foot, with the provision that special blocks could be cut up, should be adhered to. If the price were lowered everyone would want front blocks and the curator would get into trouble. Front blocks had been disposed of quickly enough at the old prices. Cr. Crafter was of the opinion that they were taken up without being paid for. Cr. Osman seconded Cr, Holzgrefe's proposition, which'was carried. Cr. Crafter complained that he had been taken unawares in the matter. Chairman said that the meeting had been called for this purpose. He thought that- in order to secure payment, a promissory note form should be used. Cr. Holzgrese fell in with (bis idea, and would make the notes payable on demand. Cr. Crafter would have them payable in three months, otherwise, some would be pushed, aad others would be. let off. The Chairman sug'csted endorsement, but the Clerk questioned whether the endorser might not often be as unreliable as the give 1 * of the note. Cr.* Osman thought that it ehould be \ distinctly understood that ail dealings-wtth a ^ public body such as the Council should be for cash. - If a special case of hardship came . along they could exercise leniency. If the ! curator were made responsible for payment ^ he might adopt a course similar to that; taken at the cemetery: the other day. i He; moved that 25 per .cent, of the amount be; paid within-7 days of burial and balance in three months. Cr. Holzgrefe would like to have security where special blocks were asked for. Cr. Nitaelike moved that' half cash be re- i quired for special 'blocks .-before burial, and ! the balance secured by promissory note payable in three months; no tombstones or fences to be erected until the whole amount is pftidt 7 - • ; .. Or. Crafter said they had been too lenient: in the past, and now they wished to be oppressive.",' Cr. Nitechke's motion wias seconded, by Cr. Williams and carried. ~ Cr. Holzgrefe inoved that the charge for grave digging be 10s. for children, and 15s. for adults,-which was carried. Cr. Osman moved, Cr. Holzgrefe seconded, that the Clerk be appointed curator at a salary of £10 per annum.—Carried. Cr. Crafter moved, Cr. Nitschke seconded, that applications be called for office of caretaker and sexton at salary of £12 per annum with fees.—Carried. Cr. Osman suggested that a small huilding be erected in which tools and necessaries connected with the cemetery could be kept. A building 10ft. x 12ft. would meet requirements. Besolved that tenders be called.. Cr. Crafter moved, and the Chairman seconded that the regulations of the Mount Gambier cemetery with the alteration necessary be adopted.—Carried. Cr. Crafter moved that the regulations when approved be placed - on a board erected in tne cemetery. Cr. Nitschke seconded.— Carried. Messrs. Curl, M Court, and D.ivies w.i'ted on the Council in the matter of the Snuggery road, from the irietal to tin* Lake drain* Mr. Curl said that the road was in such a condition that an empty cart could not be driven along it. Mr. McCourt thought it so b;id that it should be the subject of enquiry by the Board-of Health. If a man had to live all his life in such a hole as that ic was time to give up the ghost. The deputation withdrew without giving particulars as to whose ghost was to be given up. Mr. Davies wanted a distinct understanding about the drain over which a deputation had waited on the Council last week, and which Power had been given authority to close. The Chairman explained that Dalies hail represented to him that the drain had not formerly been closed in spite of the fact that the previous deputation had led the Council to believe that they were on the verge of ruin through its being open at present. Cr. Osman said that as the drain had been constructed by Government they should not have allowed anyone to close it. Cr. Nitschke moved that an inspection be made on Tuesday week. Chairman seconded. —Carried. Cr. Crafter reported that the bridge by Davies's was damaged. Ti>e Banger was instructed to have repairs made. Messrs. Thwaites and Clayfield waited on the Council *ith reference to the cemetery trouble, and handed in the following letters :— . To the Ciiairman of Mayurra Council. DEAB SIR,—As my re'laest was not answered in reference to the removal of my late wife, who was burie-1 in free ground on July 12th last at the Milhceat Cemetery, I ajgain pnt the matt er before yon to consider who is to be at the espeos-3 of her removal, as I am willing to pay for the block of ground that was chosen for me by Mr. E. B. Clayfield. If yon decide on bearing the expense yourselves, or that, Mr. Giddiugs, the curator, be at tbe expense, I would like to know when it will be done, as I will be present at the time of removal to see that it is done respectable Hoping that you will be kind enough to give uie an answer to this, I remain, yours, truly.—THOE. THWAITES. To the Chairman of Mayurra Council. Dear Sir, —I BTTI under tbe painfnlneeessity of bringing-under your notice the way in which I was treated by the Curator of the Millicent Cemetery on the 11th anl 12th of July last, I was engaged by Mr T. Thwaites to carry out the funeral of his late wife, and also instructed by him to choose a piece of gTOund to bury in. I went to the curator (Mr. Giddings) to see abont tbe ground and getting the grave dug, but he told me that I eiul-1 not have the piece of ground that I choose fro n the plan unless I paid dowa 24s., the price h • said the block was that I had choosea. Bat he said he would dig a grave in free ground if I did not pzy for a bl-ick beforehand. He also demands the fees 27s. 6d. before allowing me to eater the ce netery gates, and on Sanday. July 12th, because I did not con% le with this rule he close-l the gates, and wouid not allow me to enter unless I found a guarantee that the mon?y would be paid. His reason for doing this he told me was b> cau.-e the Council ha-1 giren him instructions that" no-more ground was to be taken up unles : it was paid for b if->re interment. After I had found a guarantee at the gates, Mr. Giddings opened theji and allowed me to find th} grave that he had dug the best way I could. I always understood that it was tbe curator s i.uty to lead the way to the grave after the funeral enters the cemetery gates. On the same date, July 12th, I bad two funerals, bat for the secon 1 one I was not asked for a guarantee, and on the following Sunday, July IStli, I wis again conducting a funeral, but was not asked for any fejs, no-.- was I asked for the certificate. T'ie Curator was not at the gates at al<. ant I had fc-i fiivl the grave tbe best way I could. When I started in business here I inquired of Mr Pluukett if I voul 1 see the rul-is of the cemetery, bnt he told me then and at different times since that ther.; are no roles to t'lis cemetery, so that in doing what I di<t I was on'y carrying oat the rules that I have been nsed to in other towns Hoping that if such rules are in force yon will have the kindness to let me know where they can be seen, I remain, yours truly, E. E. CLAYFIELD. Mr. Clayfield, in reply to a question from the Chairman, said that Mr. G-iddings hnd not asked him for a security before the funeral, bnt he had dem-im-lcd the money. He had not selected tree ground nor giren his sanction to that, selection. The Chairman said that Mr. Clayfk'lrl had told hint that lie had selected free ground. Mr. Clayfield said this must have been a mistake. Cr. Osmaii thought that if the Council bcleiveJ that one block had been selected and another given, then it was their duty to bavo the body removed. They would probably according to the regulations just adopted, have to apply for permission to take such action to the Chief Secretary, but they had been got into troiible by the action of their officer, anl they should get out of that trouble as gracefully as possible. Cr. Crafter said that- it was a disgrace to the council that the curator had been allowed to act as he had done towards Clayfield. tfe had not been compelled to his action by any regnlation. Mr. Thwaites said it was hard that a demand should have been made on him for pre-p&yment; when others in the town had not been so treated. It had been proved that the curator had not spoken the truth, and the council ought not to take his word before Ihat. of others in regard to the action he had taken. The curator had closed the gates, and there was evidence t? that effect-. Cr. Crafter said he had seen the gates closed. Mr. Clayfield said that no guarantee had been asked for before the gates were reached. Giddings had told him that he acted under instructions from tlie council. The chairman said that so far as instructions were concerned lie could give the curator's statement an emphatic'denial. Cr. Crafter suggested that the matter be allowed to drop. Mr. Thwaites said that he would not do that while he had a shilling. The •chairm.in said that under the circumstances the curator should not be allowed to go without an esplanati>n, -and it tvas resol-' that Mr. Giddings be asked tolattend at next meeting. Mr. A. Thompson attended, and asked that tlie Banger b* instructed to poani stock off road near his section. The chairm-ui gave notice that be would move ihat the Banger be instructed to pound stock off all roads and off the streets of the town. , f i COERK3POSDEVCE. . From -Mr. G. .Biddoch, . informing tlie council that no consideration would bo given to application* for wire netting loam until arrears of £215s. 6d. paid to the department. . .t, From Beachport Di«tnct Council, suggesting a conference of councils to consider . the Drainage Bill. I Cr.: Osman sain that although thebill might not affect thia part-iciilar, district greatly* they should consider it in a broader light. . It concerm-d th.* whole of the South- East, and they, as tM oldest council, should not Btand out of -auy &ction;''taken. He moved that a reply be sentfigreeuigto act in concert, with other councils, and suggesting Millicent as the most central for a conference, Cr. Holzgrefe seconded, and the motion was carried. From Tantanoola District Council, drawing attention to the number of rabbits on tbe Mayurra Estate, and asking that steps be tak.'ii For their destruction. Resolve 1 that the clerk write for more definite information on the subject. From O. Jieatoi-, Nangtda firing*, asking couueii input gate on fence along road,by, school.—R.-solved that work he done. * From CiMwii I .and Offi-e, notifvin® that £111 graut-in- all. and £75 subsidy had been paid into tiie Iwuk. Also that copy of Crown Grant of cemetery had been sent. Cr. Osinau said that last arbor day he had promised to give assietaoce to get the block of laud near the s'.-liool enclosed. The council h».l no power to spend ratea for such work, but they could press the Government, lie moved that the clerk write to the Minister «F Education urging the fencing of the block. Cr. Nitschke seconded.—Carried. Cr. Osman also said that a footpath wa« badly needed f rein the corner of the- enclosure of the Catholic church to the corner of the show ground. Cr. Crafter thought that there were worse places than that. Cr. Osman said that they could be (lone as well. From G. Kent in reference to his appointment as overseer, slating that he would do his best to give satisfaction. Clerk reported that- a balance of £LLo was lying at the bank. The. Assessment was brought forward. Very few alterations had been made, among them that of section 534 had been increased from £12 10*. to £30. In reply to the chair the clerk said that its area was*56 acres. Cr. Osnlan did not think it high enough, and if a fair assessment- were uot put on others would appeal on their own behalf. Cr. Nitschkc th-iu/.it that it was lower than other properties. Bosolred that it he placed at £10. The chairman moved, and Cr. Holzgrefe seconded, that the altered assessment be adoptei L— Carried. The date of appeals was fixed on October 8th, at 2 p.m. The duties of clerk and overseer were then defined, and those officers expressed themselves satisfied with the definition as adopted. It was resolved that tenders be called for alteration of bridge over drain at en I of George-street-, and for construction of culvert in Davenport-street. The following amounts were passed for payment:—Osborne Bros.. £10 lis. 41.; It. Osbo-ne, £3 3s. lid.; M. H.irt, £-2 18*. 6d. ; E. Hart-, £3 6s. 8d.; T. Kennedy & Co., £1 lis. 9d.; clerk, £5 16*. 8d.; petty cash, £4; Survev Department, £22 14s. 6:1.; J. Power, £3 10L- H. E. Haun & Co., £L 15s.; J. T. Ford, £1 8s. W. Xitschkc. £t 3s. 3s. The meeting then closed. 