MY PARTNER'S WIVES. fy_ partner is not a Mormon. So far rom'it he ie—or wes until five weeks ago —a rather plain but very good-natm-oo Hnchelor. Wa left New York for (he Weot a dozen years ago. AVe were aboot of an age—twenty-four—and it was nol until last winter that Charles entertained atiiidea which I did not shore. I first noliced him sitting bv our lop fire without his pipe.in early December. I bad never known kins do this before Later he became absent-minded. ] watched him narrowly, and found that ho did slrangfl and unaccountable things, such as brushing his clo'hitig, wearing glovas on Sunday, blacking Bis boots, and so on. At first 1 thought ^hat as his interest in the Block farm was greater than mine, be was taking tbiB queer way of letting tine Bee ii; but ono morning he came to breakfast with bis hair neatly combed, and from that day for at least a month 1 laboured under the awful appre hension that his mind was giving way. I took from him fevery possible care and anxii ty regarding the stock, and to humor bis farcy £ combed my own hair before breakfast for tho whole of that awful tims. To my dismay he seemed not even to notice the chmge in me or himself. I confided to our man of all work, Sambo, that he was to hold himself in readiness nigbt and day in case anything should happen, for twenty miles of connlry lay between our log cabin and town. Ha agreed with mo that " Marse OherJes was actin' moughty queor like." It was just alter Christmas that com ing from" the post-office, at Linkville one morning I heard 6ome singular sounds which CEtui from behind a huge pile of wood back of the large new boase which Charlie and I bad now nearly finished. Oar cabin stood shout a hundred yards from it. I knew Charlie's voice ; I knew also that onr neurest neighbour lived a uoile distant. I erupt softly over to the wood pile, leaving iay horse at the cabin. YPP, there was my partner standing ia a sort of i^rawingroom attitude on the outskirts of the pile. He had a book in his bands. His bat lay on a log near him. liis hsir was freshiy combed, and he bod on his Sunday suit. I stood speechless with feelings T cannot describe, foi he was singing. Yes, 1 distinctly recognised the similarity between the "stirter" in the district church and my partner in his present attitude. My hair rose with fright, but not knowing what sudden turn his mind might take if disturbed, I wailed. He was singing softly, as if in fear of being overheard but suddenly a familiar strain fell on my ears. " Stay with me, my darling, stay, And like a dream thy life Bhall pass away." Ho concluded the verse with meltiDg tcn leriiesp, and it was just then and there that something '.old me tho truth. I laughid—I roared—I fell on the wood pile »nd rumpled up icy hair ; i did ever} thing bat go mad myself. Presently I became aware that my partner was swenr.ng. I rose and bold out my band. After a moment's hesitation be took it in a hearty grasp, and from that hour 1 was his confidant.. I told him over oor pipes that night of all the anxiety I bad endured on his account. "By Jove, Charlie, I thought you'd gone plum crtzy, I really did," I said. " And to tell the troth—" " You think I'm exchanging ono sort of lunacy for another, eh'{" he rejoined rather dryly. On, I don't say that; but tell me all about it, old fellow." And you won't laugh ?" '• Not if I can help it." " Pshaw ! if you take the matter in this way—" " I'll take it in any way you like 1 only tell ni6 what put the notion in your bead." and ihea 1 learned that my cbnm's sister in New York was looking for a wife tor hiin ; that he expected a photograph of a giil with sterling qualities by tfae next mail, and I was to give my opinion of her. The wives soon began to arrive. The girl with sterling qualities was tbin, about forty years old, with very little hair rather too neatly put up. The accompanying letter describtd her ae goodnatured, benevolent, not ut all bad looking when you coma to know her, about twenty-seven, and jolly nice altogether. Charlie looked disappointed ; I told him not to mind; perhaps bis sister knew a nicer girl. I don't remember how he managed to avoid taking tie wife with sterling qualities ; but he did ; for another photograph came in due time. This girl was small, with big baby eyes. "She is Taihor little," wrote Charli'-'s sister. " Her lovely eyes are of a heavenly bine. She sings and plays beautifully, and is a perfect dancer. I didn't tell her you lived quite so far from town as you do, Charlie dear. I thought that she could got such minor particulars from you." Good heavens!" quoth Charlie. " Do you suppose siB has popped the qnestion for rce ?" His sandy moustache went np on one side, as it generally did when he was peipltxod or very much in earnest. " Certainly not," 1 hastened to say. "Don't get excited, Charlie—though it would be a queor go to see that exotic transplanted irom New York to the wild W^est. Cheer np, old boy I Better Inck next time." " Then you don't think Bine Eyes will do?" " Do you ?'' " N-no—but what am I to tell sis ?" " The truth. None but women who can rough it should come West. By the way, you've never described yonr Bister to me." "Haven't I? Well,-she isn't much (o look at, but she's good, and sweet-tempered, and capable. If I could find her mate, I aek nothing belter of Heaven." I said nothing; Charlie gave cne a curious look, and then begun to tulk of In my partner'fl neit letter to his gisier, he hiuted very; strongly that she was Dot to mention his same until he gave ln r leave.. Two photographs were the result. One of the ladies represented was very stoat, of evident- German descent. • Ttrn other was a rather pretty woman wttb rougisb eyes and peuiing.lips. There was no description of this one, only on the beck of the card was written— •" I Eend poor darling Mrs Fee's just at a venture. Har huebaud died last week, and she is slone in the cold worldi" Tha stout -woman was recommended because she had been twice to Germany and b&ck;, and didn't seBm to. mmd it at all;; in addition .to which she had. ten. dollars in bank, acd was coming:West to visit friends in Portlana. Coming West J" gasped Charlip. He rushed to the acor and bolted it " Look out of the window, Jack, do yon see nny one coming ?" he anxiously asked, " No—not even the ghost -of the widow's dear departed," I laughed. J l Don'i! you make tne shudder sis thinking of, I wonder." What's • "You must tell her to try again,nnd draw a line at widows of less than a year's standing." Daring the next few weekH Charlie received at least a dozen pictures; half of them were of "sotfiety girls," who would, not do at all; there was a rich widow of sixty. Charlie tore np that photograph, remarking grandly that he was not for sale. Then came several plain maidens, eaoh with amission which she might be persuaded to abandon in Charlie's favour, wj-ote eis. (I had somehow fallen intothe habit of calling her this). She thought be was vtrj bard to pleabo. Theiniiidens nith a mib&ion; vero followed by two artists and a literary lady.-sll 9jC severe or Bv this.time Charlie was in despair: " Is there not on«~genuiije, ola-£tib...iuuen fiirl in sin's set," ho t>rosu»d, " whost mission it is to make b«mo buppy—wbo is not afraid of work, and does not live for society ?'* To this I could only return tbe usual answer— " Better lock next time, old man I" Every tiuoe a wife came I ]oltod down tbe fact on the door frame wi;h a pencil. •Winter was well advanced when another letter camo enclosing a tin type of a girl reclining in a garden chair, witb bands clasped and c-y6e turned heavenward. She was a poetosB of the first water, with no end of fame and beauty, sis wrote. " I told dear Auroia (that's her name) how you lived allalono in tho wild daisydotted field of Oregon, and she clapped her hands and looked so lovely that 1 mirie her have this little tin-type taken in that very attitude yesierday. I told her it was juet a fancy I had, and she com. plied at once. Sho is unci) a swett tempered creature !" To tell the trinb, I felt somewhat sorry for Charlie ; but I had just come in from a horse-back ride of forty miles, and could keenly appreciate a joke. I hadn't laughed at a photograph (before my partner) for a long time, but I did laugh at this one, and the dear old boy threw tbe boot-jtck at me. The door frame was pretty well marked up when one day a letter came enclosing two more photographs. The letter stated that photo number one was M ss Agnes Harding. "She is cot exactly in our set, or rather she lias cot the time to be, for ebe'e a typewriter, and takes care of herself and her mother. She is the very last lady whose photo I have. I just lov« Agnes, she's so independent and persevering; she is a good housekeeper and a loyal friend. Photo number two ie my own, I send it to lutyou see how thin I have btcome. I haven't had a night's rebt ucbaonted by woman for months. My Ia3t and best beau has loft tsie because I had no time to go out while wifc-humiug, and all to no purpose, un'ejs you like Agnes ; and thert's tho possibility tbat she won't like you, or liking you, will not leave her mothjr. In any case. I'm sure she will not go ont to you—jou must come and plead your cause in person. She knows her own value, and is in no hurry to bo married. Well, I've done my best, so you may keep toy picture in esse anything happens to me." All the time Charlie was readiog tbis I felt tlis profoundeet pity for sis. Indeed, unknown to him, I bad long since bu It u castle where eis reigned supreme. In each letter, her bright, sunny nature was revealed more and more plainly. Her mention of her beau gavo me such a jealous pang th»t it opened my ejes to tbe fact that I was hopelessly in love witb my partner's eister. The photograph showed her with a half com : c, hol£ esmsst frown on her foce She was not pretty, and her hair was just tbe leas! bit untidy ; but these little drawbacks only deepened my secret ni : sery. I loved her the better for tbem. They proved that she was not vain or eelf-conscious. So intent wes I on my own thoughts that I wan considerably startled when Charlie broke into a regular double shtffl that would have done credit to Toptey, accompanying himself with a real oldtime whistle. It was ten minutes before I could quiet him, and then he broke down suddenly. I felt an unusual amount of resprct for my partner when I saw his big heart for an instant more plainly than nsual as be said— "God bleBB berl She's worth h"r weight in pure gold ! Thero'a only ono chance in a thousand that she'll have me, a poor Western stock farmer, but I mem to try to win her. You and I have earned a holiday, Jack, now that the new bouse is finished and furnished ; suppose wo leave the stock with the men, for a few weeks, and go east for a visit? I forgot to men tion it at fchn time, old mau," hi went on with a quizzcal smile, "bat I Bent jour photo to sis a few months »go, and the thinks you a raiher good looking fellow. Will you come ?" You can divine my answer. Our wooing prospered, and when my partner and I returned to tho West, we were accompanied by sis, Agnes, and Mrs Harding- Charlie found that Miss Harding would not leave her mother, so he deciJed to take the old lady too ; and the now bouse now holds the happiest, most complete family party in old Oregon. 