TäE (JrENEKAli ELEGTÏOîTS. <(FROM THE WES* AUSTRALIAN, June 12.) TO-DAT the general eleotíoa for Western Australia begins - in real earnest. As already pointed out tbis election differs from all which have precaded it in any part of Australia, in that on the present occasion both Houses offer thorn selves for election. In other word*, for the first time in British history the ex- pression "dissolution of Parliament" will have a literal and exact Appli- cation. Heretofore, other dissolu- tions of Parliament have bepn no dissolution of that august body, but merc y the diechiree of one of ire chambers fron its dutio*. In Eng lind the H«nse of Lords, in ike c «louies tho Legislative C uao'l, Ins remained intact, while its partner has gone to recaive or be retool the mun« afc it suppMoatei from the constituencies. The phrase, however, may b» wally tabm to ra'an in it« ordinary us» that the dual, or as some have it, the triple eatity known as Parliament, has come to an end, although one chamber still exists, and that the dissolution of tho Lower House terminates the constitutional existence of the two bodies in their corporate form, lu this way we speak of the present Im- perial Parliament, as being the twenty fifth Parliament of the United Kingdom, and the thirteenth of her present Majesty, In our ca9e, however, the new Parliament will be truly, as well as technically, the eeoond Parliament of Western Australia. After three and a half year's existence it has given up the ghost, and at the present moment we are in the peoaliar position of having no Chamber alive, although we have still the officers of both Houses, which do not exist, and even a Speaker of an Assembly, and a President of a Council which are both dead. The heads live on which the bodies are extinct. A number of curious anomalies follow upon this singular state of things, bat whioh it would be more interesting than useful to enquire into at the present time. While it is possible that a few more names may be added to the list of postu- lants for tho eufirages of the people to both Houses, especially to the Council, we have in all probability a nearly foll re- cord of the likely candidates. Beginning with the Upper Home which is now iu orease! to twenty- one seats, we have thirty-six persons who are likely to be nominated ¡for the Chamber, and the proportions between the different seats Je fairly evenly distiibuted. Ourlnúsly «enough that Province for which1 wo might suppose there would be the keenest competition, the Metro- politan, has the fewest wooing the elec- tors, although the quality must he consi siderei good, as it includes oie who is still by law President of the Council, although there is no Council to be Presi- dent of, and also the Ministerial represen- tative of the Governraonfc in the Upper House when that House was inexistence. -The West (Fremantle), North, Central, and South-West Province* have each five candidates, while the East and South« East have each «ix. The latter for a long time could not induce more, than a couple to offer themselves for ita. favours, while the East Province had; seven candi- dates, but by the refusal of M#. AM^EBST. to stand it has been reduced; to six- Of the old members, Sir GEO^ÔE S^ENTOJÍ, Mr. PAREES, Mr. ÔùRappç, Mc HQCNtiEZ, " Mr. HAJp&S;£R¥, Mr. ^BÍÍEY, Mr. MQBBJSQN, Mr. HA^EEXT, Mr. ANSTEY, and Mr. >. H^qsEiiA all come forward again, and possibly Mr. G. W. LEAKE. It will, therefore, be aeon that whatever chances befall about half the Council must consist of new mp, and it is even likely that some t wo-thirds may not have previously occupied its seats. Among the candi- dates who'are not of the late Council, only three have graduated in the. old legislature;- There is, however, plenty ojf time still for new nominations to. be Meoivecl,, as the nemioation day does apt fall due until the sixth of next month. For the Assembly there are. thirty-, three seats to be deposed of, and for these, oa which, ^ara% the. chief; atten- tion will be centred, there are fifty-four oaaiidares, or exactly tile number of members required for the two Houses in <¡he new Parliament. All the northern eeats, will bp. uncontested, save Nannine, * and the probable exception of Kimberley West-the laster an, old eea^ the, former a new- oas¿;JSf$»re ia a contest in these two places-the Interest oxoited In the result of each will bo great. It is, how* .vsr, aronnd the metropolitan group that ; the *èroîtem.ent will wage warmest, and as j all of these will ba over before the close ¡ of the week we shall soon have oar cari- osity satisfied. It is understood that all the candidates noir ia the field will go to the poll. In more than one of the Perth and Fremantle electorates tho contest is sure to be cloie. The opiniou holds iii many quarters that there will be fewer changes than aro commonly supposed. Indeed, to all appearances, it may be hazarded that the cases in which a new man will oust a former member may be connted on the fingers of one hand. In all pro- bability, a couple of dozen out of the thirty of the old " Parliamentary hands " will find their way back to the Legislative Assembly. Besides these there are three new seat?, two of which will return new men. The third is contested by Mr. DE HAMEL, who alone has abandoned hi* former, aod by ino-t accounted his safe, seat at Albany to ron a risk which it is possible will net answer his expectations. It is worth mentioning that ia not a siuele instance bas any member of the old Assembly voluntarily withdrawn from political life. Every ono will effer himself to the suf- frage of his old constituents, with the exception of the former member for Albany, who is only tryjog his luck elsewhere. So much do the sweets of parliamentary 1 life recommend themselves to those who : enjoy them for however brief a season. While, therefore, the Council will b* to, as great an extent «s a half practically a new body, the Assembly will contain a vast majority of familiar faces. It is as well that it should ba so. It is under- stood that a large infusion of fresh blood will be required in the Council if it is to do work which shall recommend itself to the country, for a considerable number of the former occupants of the Council benches could hardly be said to represent the feeling of the country in its pro- gressive moods. As to the Assembly it will -be equally for the advantage of the colony that the majority of those to be returned should be men who have passed their initiation in the parliamentary school. The change for the better in many of these has been a matter of general remark. Not a few of whom little aid of a useful character was ex- pected have turned out in the l»ng run to bs made of very fair material. And i what is wanted is more of the medern spirit in the new Council, with mere tried experience in tho Assembly. - 