[?] Martin Sans-Tete. A STORY OP BRITTANY. Chapter I. He had achieved a brilliant but sinister reputation in thenarrow circle of Grisnot, and had his career not been, cut short at the early age of thirty- six, might have loft a name in the annals of France. As it was, he had grown rich, no one'knew how, and left bis widow and only son in possession of a fair estate. His military talents had gained him favour and dis tinction with the Directory, whom he had aided considerably in the struggle hope lessly kept up by tho royalist party. It ? was after a desperate engagement that his . headless corpse was found. Some wild stories were afloat about this incident. His- chosen friend and comrade in arms ? bittely complained that ' cc (liable de : Martin ' was as turbulent in death as in ? life, that his spirit had appeared to him ? and threatened to leave him no peace until his head and body had been re-united in the same gravo, which in the hurried rites following an engagement had been neglected. His friend, with grumbling and difficulty, fulfilled the ghostly behest. Ho found the head of Martin, and recog nised it by the antique rusty head-piece . which he had affected to wear, and which ? in its' way was as famous as tho red han kerchief of L. Rochejaquelin. Ever since his death, Martin Sans-Tcte, though a modern ghost, had held somewhat of the relation to the Lassaies that the White Lady held to tho Avenels. His spirit had appeared several times to different 1 members, of the family, but his visits had been confined to the male representatives. They had, pno and all, however, kept the nature of his communications (if he had made any) a profound secret. That there was something unusually terrific iu them was suspected by all. It was remarked that a Lassaie admitted to the honour of a visit from Martin Sans-Tcte was in variably depressed and unhappy for weeks after his vision, and a fit of gloom or ill humour was always acounted for by the remark, ' he has seen the Sans- Tcte.' It was, however, a certain honour and dis tinction, that raised the family in some way; above their neighbours, and though they complained of ' cette bete noi/,' it w as with a secret pride. They had not much else to be proud of. Tho descendants of Martin Sans-Tcte inherited none of his talents, bat much of his har.3h, unfeeling disposition. They were rapacious and giasping without management, and thss bit by bit the patrimony wa3 reduced to the eighty hectares of which Rose was now the sole inheretrix, - Full of thought and much bewildered, Rose passed all these facts in her mind. Mechanically, her eye fell on the oaken press. ' I hare only tojopen it, and if I find the deeds, I shall know my dream was true,' thought she. But how hard it fwould bo ! In one moment to cease being La belle Fer iniere, and to have to gain her living like 'Mathurine — nay, to descend even lower, for Rose had no talent for dress making, and would have to seek service of some kind. - ' It 'was very 'annoying ? of my great grandfather to come and frighten a lonely woman like me ; he must be a poltron, after all.' Just then the sound of the church hells struck her ear. All thoughts of the ghost left her, as she carefully dressed herself in the rich costume that became her dark beauty well. Hev cot tage was but n few yards from the main road of Grisnot, and she was soon in the stream of people flocking to the parish church, exchanging cheerful greetings. Rose's quick eye at once detectod Mat hurine and her grandmother some way on before. The girl was walking slowly, : keeping time with the feeblo steps of la Mere Cerard, so that Roso soon over took them. Mathurine saw RoSe, and nodded to her with a cheerful smile. A \- pang of something very like hatred shot through Close's heart. Had Mathurine been ugly and awkward, she-, would not have minded so much, but she admitted to herself that she was bien gentille, and would become a better station — her own ! At tho moment of her making this reflection, a voice behind her made her start. ' Hon jour, belle jennesse !' was the salutation, and turn ing, aho saw by her side Gilbert Lefevre, tho 'beau meunier,' as lie was usually called. Gilbert was a splendid specimen of the Breton peasant. Full six feet' in height, finely proportioned, and with an aristocratic cast of features, set off to tho best advantage by the picturesque Bre . ton dress, ho was a noble subject for an artist. A second glance, however, was not so favourable. There was something hard and cold in the expression, that even the smile, though it displayed fino teeth, could not soften. Tho eye too, was wanting in frankness, and rarely met that of bi3 companion. These were details, howevor, that did not strike his uncritical neighbors, and Rose was well pleased and not a little flattered when Gjlbert slackened his pace and nccom , panied her into church, presenting her with the eaubemte as thoy entered. The crowd in church separated them until the ond of the service, when he rejoined her. Many eyes followed tho well-assorted pair, and many prophecies woro uttered concerning tho future of both. On emer ging from the church, they passed ? . Mathurine and her grandmother, but this . time tho girl did not look up. She ' walked on, a shade paler than usual, her eyes fixed obstinately on tho ground. Rose roached her cottage in a flutter of gratified vanity. Gilbert had all but asked her to bo his wife. After many soft speeches and gay complimonts, ho bnd spoken of her farm and his mill, of the stream flint watered her fields and pet tho mill going, how that Providenco hod seemed to have placed them side by sido to be mutally serviceable. Tho mill and the stream were, lie said, liko deux cpoux, like — and hero his voice sank into an inaudible whisper, which Rose interpreted as she chose. A few weeks passed, and Rose and Gilbert were formally' botrothed. The littlo village discussed their engagement with no small acrimony ; though rich, prosperous, and handsome, thoy were n'ot popular, . Mathurine was silent as to her wrongs, but many of her neigh bors took up her cause' warmly. She had been Gilbert's chosen partner at all the village fetes, and he had until lately, with the duty of a son, always been the ready support of Mere Gerard's tottering steps. Now to desert both so suddenly — it was intame 1 Mere Gerard had all hor granddaugh ter's pride and reserve ; she likewise preserved an indignant silence, but with simple cunning had formed a plan to bring all matters right. One day, standing at her porch, she saw'Rose re turning from market. It was very hot, and in spite of the protection of her red umbrella, she looked heated and tired. The old woman beckoned to her, and as she approached, 1 Entrcz, ma fille ,' said she ; ' I was -standing here looking for Mathurine. Come in and rest yourself.' Roso assented graciously, owned to being tired, and accepted the offer of some white bread and a glass of piquetta. 4 We are not rich like you, Rose,' said her inviter, 'who have red wine and gauffres every day, but such as we have we offer- with a good heart.' Rose smiled patronisingly, and asked after ! Mathurine. 'Not well, not well at all,' answered the grandmother. ' What ails her, then ?' asked Rose, carelessly. ' You know full wel1, Rose,' said the old woman, in great ex citement. ' Look you, I lied when I was w&itine; for Mathurine to return. She has just gone to fit on Mademoi selle K— — 's gown, and she i3 difficult. Mathurine will not be back for these two hours. No, I was looking for you, Ro3e, for I have to say to you that I must say or die.' Rose opened her eyes with an air of great astonishment, but was silent. 'Mathurine and Gilbert,' continuing Mere Gerard, ' have beon betrothed from their infancy. As children they callcd each other little wife and littlo husband. Mathurine has grown up to think of no otlicv man ; and if she loses him she will die. I know Gilbert well ; if he loves any woman it' is Mathurine. Would you, Rose, have a man without a heart? And see here,' said the poor creature, throwing open a large chest, ' I have scraped together, sous by sons, money for her trousseau. Linen she will have fit for a queen, and ? ' ' Mere Gerard,' cried Rose, almost choking, ' you are doting ! What is all this to me ? Gilbert has chosen me, and I havo accepted him. Keep your trousseau for somo man who likes boiled veal.' This malicious allusion to Mathurine's pale complexion wounded la Mere Gerard deeply. To be continued. 