A Skating Race for a Bride. By WUliam Murray Graydon. Squire Medford's brow was wrinkled with lines of indecision and worrimcnt as he glanced over his spectacles at the handsome face of his visitor. CiaudeGilmore returned the stare with tbe arrogant confidence of success. There was silence for a moment. Then the squire. said slowly, 'Itscems to me Polly ought to have her own Bay in a matter of this kind.' 'But she don't know what's good for her,' returned tbe other. 'That clodhopper, Sim Harker, lias thoroughly infatuated her I'll make the better husband of the two,, squire.' ' That may be,' said the squire, ' I don't deny it, but— but you see — ' ' I don't see any reason to haggle over the question, at all events,' interrupted tbe younger man, ' I want an answer one way or the other. I believe you have some in tention of running for county commissioner in the spring ? Well, you kuow what \ can do for you in a political way, if I choose.' 1 This was a plain hint, and it pulled lhe squire's mental balance to one side. 'I'll speak to Polly,' he said, '* but 1 don't exactly like to force lier to it without good reason. She's a high-spirited girl.' ' I'll tell you what I'll do,' exclaimed Claude abruptly. ' Pll race against Sim Harker on skates next Saturday morning from Rook's Dam to the mouth of Black Run — the winner to marry Polly one week later. That's a fair and square way of settling the question. Don't you think so ?' Tbe squire was glad to get out of the dilemma on such easy terms. ' Yes, that's square enough,' he replied, ' I'll stand bv it.' After some farther discussion, the visitor departed, taking good care to sec that Bouncer, the bull-dog. was securely chained before he passed through the yard. He had incurred the brute's bitter 'animosity by lashing him with anding-whip on a previous occasion. He did not observe Polly's laugh- 1 ing face behind the window curtains as be j mounted his horse and rode away. I When the squire broached the subject of 1 the interview to his daughter, he was 1 secretly delighted to find her submissive. I 'I don't think it's fair though,' she | said poutingly. 'Everyone knows that Claude Gilmore is the best skater in Cumber land countv. Poor Sim can't skate half so I well.' | 'Let him learn then,' replied the squire, testily. ' It's a fair way to choose a husband, Besides, my word is given.' Polly put her arms roundJjer father and her face close to his. 'Did Claude Gilmore promise to help you at the ?spring election ?' she whispered slyly. Tbe squire's face grew purple. ' I believe you were listening at that door,' he grumbled. ' If I was sure of it I would lock you in your room for a week.' Then he marched off in high dudgeon, 6lamming the door behind him. Five days passed rapidly by, and Saturday morning dawned clear and cold. The icy surface of the eretk was smooth as glass, and long before nine o'clock— the appoimted hour— quite an assemblage had gathered at the lower Bide of Ilook'sDam. Both the contestants were young men in the middle of their twenties. Popular sympathy — if not popular confidence — was with Sim Harker, who wa6 a sensible, obliging fellow, and lived with his parents on a farm in the neighborhood. Claude Gilmore was less liked. He owned three or four farms in the county, on which he raised quail and race horses. He frequently spoke of them as his 'domain,' and his ' preserves.' He was supercilious and arrogant in manner. Hey wore top-boots, riding gloTes, and a brown velveteen jacket. It was well known that both youtig men had been jiaying court lo Polly Medford during the past year,atid it was equally well understood that Sim Harker bad the inside track with the daughter, if not with the father. - polly was v^tfetty, vivacious girl of eighteen, qnd the neighbours were indignant that the squire woqld ooqntcnance a strategcm which threatened to marry ber against her inclinations. So, on this auspicious morning, many were the expressions of sympathy and regret for Sim Harker ; for none believed that he had the ghost of a chance with such an expert ob Claude Gilmore. Strange to say, however, Sim's manner betokened calm confidence as he shook tbe gloved hand which his rival haughtily ex tended Squire Medford and Polly were at the starting point. The latter looked and smiled her prettiest as she gave the' signal bv dropping her handkerchief. Off went the skaters with swift even strokes, and over the hill trooped the spectators, Polly end her father among the number, intent on gainipg the pod in th« leutponible tine. ?rom Book's Dam to the mouth of ®lack;. [tun the creek described a loupa mile^ttd-' i half long; while the distance across lhe lend was less than a quarter of a mile. Meanwhile, as the racers went skimming -ver'the glassy ice, the gap between them ilowly but surely widened. Claude gained frith no Apparent effort ; while Sim; though striving his best, fell gradually behind. Salf way down the course — just at the apex -f .the bend, in fact — rwas -a wooded ravine through which ft tiny brook trickled, and emptied into the creek. Half a mile up tbe ravine was Squire Medford's farmhoase. The ravine had two occupants that morn ing whose presence was unsuspected by at least one of the skaters. Bounccr, the bull dog, sat on a flat stone near the mouth of the run, and behind him, in some thick bushes, crouched Squire Medford's stable lad— who was devotedly attached to Polly, by the way. Bonncer evidently wondered what he was there for. He was cold, ill-natured, and hungry ; for nst a bite had passed hiB great chops since the previous evening. Moreover, to injury had been added insult, in the shape of a Hire muszle clumsily tied over his jawB. The clicking, metallic approach of the skaters was now heard, and as Claude Gil more n eared the ravine, twenty yards in ad vance of his rival, Bouncer began to sec through the my stery. He growled, pneked aphis ears, and quivered from bow to stern. ' Siss — sss— sssl' The stable boy was needlessly expending breath ; for at the first sibilant Bouncer was off like a streak. Wijh a snarl of fury he cut across his enemy's path, lept upon him, and down they went together. Bouncer slid to one Bide, and Claude rose to his feet with a flood of language that was, to say the least, un becoming a suitor for Polly Medford's band. Observing the dog's muzzle, he plucked up courage and started off. But Bouncer had a reckless, abandoned sort of gait that was just the proper caper 1 for slippery icc, and, in leB6 time than it I takes to teli, had his enemy on his back I a^ain. . Claude swore ; Bouncer barked j vociferously; and, amid the confusion, Sim ; Harker whizzed by the scene without so much as turning his head. Claude veiled after him in vain. He . began to understand what was in the wind now. By a clevor effort lie dodged the dog, and resumed the race nith a fierce determi nation to outstrip his rival yet. Alas t it was useless. Six times Bouncer knocked him ignominiously off his feet, and six times he struggled up again, boiling with passion. A small air-hole was now ahead of him in mid-channel, and it gave him a brilliant idea. He dodged Bounccr once more, and skated straight for the hole, bent on leaping across it. But bis malicious desire to dccoy the dog to a watery grave did not turn out to expectation. Kounccr discreetly halted, and waited for the fun. He was not disappointed. With a yell of dismay Claude broke through the thin icc on the edge of the air-hole, and plunged into three feet of Bounccr was too magnanimous to hit aman when he was down ; so he permitted his enemy to crawl out on firm ice unmolested. Then he turned tail, and trotted back to the ravine. The vicinity of the air-hole was nrobablv too redolent of suloburand brim stone for his taste. There was great cxcitement at the mouth of Black Run when Claude Gilmore arrived with dripping garments, five minutes beltind his rival. He passionately narrated his adventure, aud demanded justice. The squire's face reddened with anger. 'Polly, did you have a hand in thiB?' he thundered. 'Tiiere were no conditions to the race, father,' replied Polly, with cunning evasion of the question. 'Sim won it. 1 will marry him and no one else.' 'You will marry Claude Gilmore,' roared the squire. ' I will teach you who is master, Miss Impertinence.' Polly nonchalantly described a figure eight on her skates. She looked at Sim. and Sim returned the glance meaningly. Then they took hands and elided swiftly down the ftoieti creek. Pursuit was useless. Tbe squire could make no headway on the ice, and Claude bad already taken off his skates. Well, the story has the usual ending. Tolly and Sim reached the latter's sleigh, which had been stationed at Orr's Bridge in anticiiiation of such a contingency, and drove off to Harrisburg to be married . They came back a week later, and were forgiven. Tbe squire was elected in the spring, in spite of Claude Gilmore's opposition, and thence forth all went merrily — all except Bounccr, who died of poison administered by one who shall be nameless. 