OUR PAYN£SV!LLE LETTER. (FBOM OUB OWN COISRESPOXDENT.) Paxnestille, Monday. The dry and often hot weather which has prevailed for some consi derable time cow most have proved very detrimental to the farmers and village settlers around. On Eaymonci Island—both in respect to any crop they may have eown, the vegetable* they are growing, and the supply ol drinking water—ihe outlook is far from pleasant. However, many of them have one advantage over village settlers in other localities in that as fishermen they do not depend entirely on the land for their support, but rather to supplement their ordinary avocation of fishing. This latter, though, is becoming a far from lucra tive employment again. It baa been the lot of several lately, I believe, to obtain only a basket or so for their night’s work, but np the channel towards the Lakes Entrance the fish are more plentiful. I have read lately somewhere that it is a fad for the girls of Atneriea to make a garter for a bride which she wears at the wedding ceremony and afterwards restores it to the giver, who by wearing it will receive ao offer ol marriage within a year. What we want in this colony i« something for the groom to wear so that the friends may have power and disposition given them to earn enough upon which to marry a wife within the year and keep her for the rest of their lives. Say the charm wag a tiag, if every mail getting married received sufficient of them to decorato bia fingers with 4a cmoy as they would hold, the clergy would have a brisk time in the marrying line, and we should have also a return to material prosperity. Supposing such notions had real power in them, this would be an easy way of driving away depression. Anyone who travels about the country contiguous to Bairnsdale can not but be struck with the natural advantages of your town— bow it seems to be the centre to which the products of various industries in the different localities should be brought Surely a butter factory on judicious lines, with prudent enterprising men of c>pital as managing directors, would be both a paying concern and s boon to the district. In my travels, as I pass the P.iyr.e? ville cemetery r.tid see bow nicely its picket fence surrounds it, how little it wouid take to put it in a fi state for use, and yet how long it has remained usele‘8 to ns as the long home of our departed friends, then queer thoughts arise in my mind. I believe it is in the hands of ihe nhire councillors o) Bairnsdale, and though I have gratefm feelings towards those gentlemen for wbat they have done for Paynesville in making the road at Langford parade and by the school, yet when I think of that cemetery I almost wish the spirits of the deceased persons who have been jolted off these many years with such indecent haste to the Bairnsdale cemetery might appear nightly in Jong procession around the bed of each shire councillor, after the fashion that Shakespeare makes the ghosts oE the persons slain by Eichani the Third appear to that monarch before the battle of Boswortb, each one relating the doleful experience his or her body went through before it reached its final resting place, and that this should be repeated night after night, making their repose unrestful, until the Paynesville cemetery shall be opened for the burial of our dead. T A Home Missionary meeting is an nounced to be held in the Wesleyan Church here on E.iday next. It is to be hoped a goodly number will gather to hear what the Eev. Samuel Adamson has to Bay about the worfa iogs of the society, for I believe it is doing brave, good work both in the country and town. The State school here passed a very creditable examination on November 19th. 