MELBOURNE. '' ' Sept. 1. F [From ooit Coebespondbnt,] The elephants have been trumpeting and the lions roaring in more senses than one tins week. The political animals, like the elephants and lions of Pilhs' circus, have beenon a " fine old tear." Between Wednesday morning about day break and Friday at lunch time, the Ministry has been practically defeated, a dissolution granted, and the manifesto to the Patterson Government decided upon by > the Cabinet. Sharp work you must admit, and mainly due to the fact that the Premier, as is said of lum in the departments, is a "terror to work." But, more than this, members have been sent to their constitutiences in the shortest time on record, Sir Bryan O'Loghleu, who fixed the date of dissolution, nomination,* and polling, didn't waste an hour. By -no possible timing could polling day have;-been : fixed sooner. This, while being fair to both sides, as the House is so evenly divided, of course gives advantage to the sitting members, and makes the election less costly. : Many could' hot possibly travel through their constitutiencies in the time allowed. One member dolefully exhibits" a list showing that to get through his, speaking but once in each place he should nave to travel 547 miles in the saddle between now and polling day. Many of the electorates it would be impossible to canvas in consequence of the towns being so widely'separated that the candidate could not rea,ch them, all in the time at disposal. The probability is that the; candidates- will-simply - make their head quarters at some hotel in a convenient position in the electorate, iseue their; -personal-'^nvasS'' The contest conducted: oh the lilies should be short, sharp, and decisive enough, but there will not be much in it for the poor printer. The issues at present are personal rather than political, that put to the country is really Foster v. Patterson, 'Foster on Pattersonhut Patterson in hand as we say at billiards. Mr Turner is only a pawn in the game, a sort of high reaching a circumspect Buckingham to a wily Richard III., and some day the order will be given, " off with his head " too. But, though it is too early yet to speculate upon the effect the policy of the Government will have upon the electorates, or the elections upon the future Parliament, we may consider the conditions of some of the .contests. The Premier is to .be opposed at Castlemaine. by Mr E. A. Williams and Mr Greenhill. Two others are talked of, but I scarcely think they will go the polL Mr Williams has, I understand, been thrice mayor of Oastlemaine, is manager of the local woollen mills,: and a very popular townsman. Still I do not think there is a chance of his winning against Sir James Patterson, who may claim the title of " the unbought and undefeated," and of course if Mr Greenhill insists upon being defeated again he makes the Premier's chance more sure. :But, while openly vindicating Mr Williams' pretensions, the Premier is not neglecting strategy, and arranged to meet his local.committee on Monday, two days after the publication of the manifesto. Mr Reay, the editor of the Weekly Times, is aera'in. in the field for Dundas, but previous results leave him little reason for hope, especially as he does not now reside in the district, but in Hawthorn, for which he was spoken of as a likely candidate. "The House certainly will not contain again the prime faddist, while over the names of Captains Taylor and Salmon have to be written "nevermore." "It is the cause, Oh ! my soul," as Othello says. The most extraordinary.position so far is that of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen at Port Fairy, who finds himself opposed by three members of his own denomination and one Protestant, Mr J. Warrington Rodgerf, an ex-county court judge and a pensioner of the state. Unless the others retire it .would seem almost certain that Mr Rpdgers will slip in here on a small poll in which Case the colony will £ave a portion of his pension. This split between the Duffy Catholics and the O'Loghlen ones causes constituency questions to assume at this election a very mixed aspect but it is as yet a little premature to talk about them imtil we see the hand of the Turnerites. ' After Thursday : night the country must take in charge its own business .and. judge. I fear, however, the result will be much as at present—parties so nearly divide'd that it will be impossible for one to coerce the other, and hence there will, be more wrangling, drift, and disappointment. Had the Government submitted a good, Btrong, decisive, and popular policy, they had the chance: of coming back from the electorates with a substantial working majority. But to my thinking the manifesto is as weak as the budget, Most probably Mr Turner's will be. no better, and then what , are the electors going to do ? It is rumoured, though tbe statement is unconfirmed, for the Opposition deny the correctness of the newspaper rumours about their caucus, that the programme of the .Opposition would include a wedth'tax. Ihadan'mtereatingconversationtheother daydn tHfe suhjectwithlVIrCariPinscTioif, who le generally regarded as ahout the most prominenfc of our financiers outside Parliament, and he tells me that the effect ofthelaxinAustriaanlBelgium, especially where it has long been in force, is to cause the wealthier classes to remove themselves and their capital from the country wherein the impost is enforced, and seriously depreciate the value of all Government stock, as this is taxable. If imposed here he considered that the effect would be that financiers would invest the cajjital they; won in Victoria in stock, scripi'and'property in the : other colonies, while it must also be remembered that absentees do not pay the wealth tax These hints areiworth consideration.. It seems to me that m this colony few of us understand the initial principles of taxation. Talking- of Austria reminds me that there was mtroduced to the Premier this week a gentleman who occupies the position in the household of its emperor - that the lord high .steward :does m that of Victoria, queen and empress. With a companion this gentleman is enlarging Tub mental observation 'by a world-wide tour. It'is settled that if Mr Bent is retarned once more—and he :has a wonderful -hold on that long served constituency of his —that he is to be the next Speaker. Sir Graham Berry has not the ghost of a chance, so that we may yet hear of plain Tommy 8. blossoming; .into' the pillar dignity of Sir Thomas Bent, iOMG, third term If anything happBns to prevent Mr Bent from contesting the stakes, Frank Mason Is a certain starter and would -probably Jbeafc Sir Graham hands down. Ithas fceen ^the fashion xif late "to say that racing las been overdone, and-of a truth we haveiad it in galore the lastfe m jeats Inhere has scarcely bBen a week-: day that has not been occupied by horse, or pony racing Where the public raise the .money wherewith to keep the game' up has always been a mystery. Glance: over the balance sheet of Tace clubs that iave been published recently, and you wHtaee -profits varying from £50 to £200 on various meetings. It is this "fact, I presume, that has induced a syndicate to make another trial of i;he South Yarra -pony course Of all the tracks this is the bmallebt. the meanest, and the most inconvenient, and I shall bt much surprised If a fatal .accidejit-.idoes'Mojfc tafco jlete with Jiifitoric JWelboume memories it was just here "that part of the old O«nibrnfeifireworks:disp1aysiwereibroi®ht off Those who were In "Melbourne in ^hesisties 'will remember the Cremorne "Gardens,-with its -wealth of,amusements afjell lands. At that time the ^Stora^was aliye-'willi'gondolas roWed •with.plBfisure seekers - At"£iat time Mr Keojge Ooppm was -the '.manager, untLhe' brought'lthe Cremorne lo tlio zenith of its gloiy. Then- , •its fame departed, and on thB 6pot un ^hich. „esrly^Melbburne, had ,-fnskecLand ftohcfceU-Tras %eetepT.Hia,rcoi3rt , B private lutiatfc®!#umv jSheu^J 'What^ jhange4 •Bui ihSf inj-rfij turn had v to;gi e tytiy to MS- FathetTimfc -During Ihe •our^ndisyer'the ground'"iyas purchased. find confirmation of their pessimistic views in the latest English and American papers. Scattered through these are paragraphs to the effect that "we are glad to see that Victoria, the most enterprising of the Australian colonies, is coming again. The indications are that she will speedily pull through her troubles." Thus the Boston Herald, one of the best informed dailies in the States. The London Sportsman, too, writes in the same congratulatory strain, while the Birmingham Post, though it does not particularise Victoria, still eulogises the actions of the colonies in their efforts to again reach the path of prosperity. [September 5.] The principal feeling •displayed by the few old members one meets with in town is that they regret they should have precipitated a dissolution. What are we fighting about, they enquire, when we find free traders like Messrs M'Kenzie, Duffy, Allan M'Lean, and half-a-dozen others relying upon the votes of the Labour party to maintain prohibitive duties 1 And a similar conglomerate of opposites is to be found on the other side. All men are of one policy now, was said to me this morning by a leading member of the Opposition, whose bitter speech did much to shake the position of the Government. And that is what is felt, that there really is not much difference between the policies nor the departmental methods that would be pursued, no matter from what side of the House the Cabinet is formed. Both must retrench, both must find some means of making up the deficit, and either might adopt the proposals of the other without being accused of anything worse than • In deference to the strong feeling expressed by their supporters the Government, i while adhering to their intention to introduce the Income Tax Bill once more, no longer insist upon it being considered -a leading feature of their programme. This modified attitude will-ensure to them considerably increased support. Another help they are receiving arises from the labour troubles on the border, as the feeling is growing up that if these extended to Victoria a Labour administration such as Mr Turner must form would deal with them weakly, and probably refuse to allow the police force to be properly wielded. The existing Government would act promptly in the preservation of law and order. For it is quite clear that if Mr Turner gets an opportunity of forming a Cabinet he must include one Labour member (MrTrenwith) in it—this is, of course, on the assumption that all alluded to are returned—to placate the Labour interest, and if he does he must offend some of his own free trade friends. If he ignores labour, the pdlicy he will then submit will be one which will compel them to cast their votes against him. He is in the clutch of a cleft stick, and must find it difficult to decide whether to crawl out or back out. One of the oddest things in connection with this election is the marked rift In the Catholic party, which has usually voted pretty solid on the one side or the other. Thus, while we have three members of his own denomination fighting against Sir Bryan, and for the Opposition at Port Fairy, stout John M'Mahon of Fitzroy is running in the Government interest in Fitzroy against Messrs Tucker and Best, and there numerous other similar instances all over the colony. It is such things as these that make this election the most remarkable in our history. We are fighting, and scarcely know, what for, except for the inglorious principle, "men, not measures." Some of the electors are liable to be placed in a perplexing position with regard to the forthcoming elections owing to the candidature of three or more people professing the same principles, or having such straight divergent views on the more important questions as to virtually amount to unanimity. There are at least two electorates near Melbourne where this is the case, and in one of which ~ am personally. B ere two gentlemen, for whom I have an equal respect and whose political views are so nearly similar as to render me unable to turii the scale in either's favor, are opposing one another. What then am I to do ? I am distinctly adverse to allowing private friendship to sway me in political matters. In that respect I have. made -a compact with oiyselE that nothing shall deter me from doing my duty. I may have a distinct dislike to B personally, but if I believe him an honest man and one calculated to advance the interests of the colony and help to extricate her from her present: difficulties, I propose to work for him with all my heart and soul. The time has arrived for the exercise of the truest patriotism on the part of every elector. .uet us for once agree to sink all private prejudices and look to the Welfare of the state alone. The issue of the coming elections are fraught with tremendous consequences. At the same time I would be glad to see candidates in the position I have mentioned coming to some agreement as to who should go to the poll. 