HER V/EDDING-EVE. i e**-'&*-2,-**r~tf*i \ ER wedaing-avo t j^g/^-i-i ^vj*,-',. i,i Yoa, to - morrow ggpiWfr'^-f'rSct^'itj/j w°uld tor evac end I'W^^ttjBj.^ I ^? p ^°'7 B'orifjua _ap f M&]^W^JiSK1 b P°are(i tha 'isi- m jO4i*=»^'Jalpr-4[^ cnoB uponv.-hicu aha yM^S^^^-y^t} 'rftli ahout t0 on'crl TOpj^-l Sho Riid every*hin(; to bo ^yfra^.3 I grntf tul for.nothing to com ^i^^^^j1] plain af. never having known a mother's care, hnr lather's devotion made up for tho loss. She glanced around at tho confusion of beautiful nod costly thingn filling the room— hor bridal trouaeoiti. 1 ' Surely I am n favourite ol fortune,' eho nnirraurod. And it aecmed ao aa ahe ntood thero in her evening dress of delioute, gloamiiiR silk— yoqng, lovely, and radiant; with happinese. Ab.jeo, AHcq Doatnond bad been a iicttod darling _ oJ fortune oinca babyhood, in dulged in overj whim, grntilijd in overy dosire. To-night the very height of blias had boon reached — youth, beauty, riches, and love1. What more could sbo ask? 'No morel — uo moro 1' aho said, aloud, BtRTtling Sarah, tho ranid, who wai busily paoking away the dainty vard'obe 'n«o ?ravelling trunks. ; ' What do yoivsay, Misa Alice V ! And ilico smiled and 3Etid : : '* Am I pretty enough to-night, Siran i' ' Liwg, Miss Alice, you nlwnya look pteliy in pipk ! I cipect M(. Tiiil will think so ' ? With a aly twinkle inhtr bright eyes. Alice blushed, looking lovelier tlmn ever with that divine glow in hor young luce. The old house was full ot guests bidden to the rnarringo, nnd a fobdued flutter of py »**? -j*umi,ui-;.ui 1111 .u *ij liuii-l uru iVlllK'X UU1U »O kitchen. The drat dinner-bell rang, and the girl quitted the privnoy of her room to waton lor her lover's coming ; but he had already 1 arrived, stood nt tho foot of llio stairs wait ing for her, tall and handsome, his esgar blue eyoa aflame with love's impiktierio?, bis srrua outatrotched towr.rda her. ' ?.'- The hall was deserted, buit bad it bjen crowded with wntcbora Thil Kingaly would ? not hava heeded them with that lovely vision' ; before him. I Ho mounted a step to meet her ; bo flung ' his aims around ber, drew her bead to hia breast, kissing her with fond paeeion. \ 'Oh, Phil 1' eho murmured, Wusbing '? deeply, but yielding to his arms. I 'Mydarhngl thank Heaven I am with' j you onco morel' bo oriod, fervently. 'I hnve benn all itnpatieuoa over ainoo leaving London.' | ' Why, have you also somctimoa had vnguo 1 fenrs lest eomoUiiug should happou ?' sho I asked, drawing bacl., a shndo of gravity com. j ing over tho rndianctt of her laao, i ' Only tho groandlesi) foars inoidontal to j tbia uncertain lifo of ouro, dearoat. Your I prosonoo haa put fiom n!l to Qigbt.' ) ' But what if Boruethuig unforaocn, un dreamed of, should part us yet ?' 'Nothini! but death o«n part us now, beloved. To-morrow is our wedding-day. Thero is no room in ray heart for doubt or (ear to-night, sweetheart. Gouio into tho . drawing-it* Jin; it is doacrtod, aud wo may havo a fow precious momouts to ourselvos.' ? And with hia band on hors, his happy, passionate oyoa Booking her fauo, she, too, gavo herself up to tho blissful prosonl. Dinnor was over, and Mr. Desmond nnd Kingsly were in the library, holding a littlo private conversation. Alioo bad juct loft them to j?in her friends in tho drawing room ; biit feeling that uilenoo rnthor than spoooh Dttod her proaent mood, she mndo up a oard.pnfty, persuaded aomo lady to Bing, and l'onving a oomfortnblo group around tho blazing lire, ehe stolo to the south window, flung up tho saeb, nnd leanod out iu^o the orlep Sdptombor night. ? ?' How brilliantly tho ntnra sparkled nnd glowed io tho fleokloaa sky, nnd what n swcot, BUDClo socnt Heated up Irom tho old garden, whoso late-blooming roeeu Rtill held away. ' Hint I Mian Desmond ! Miau Desmond | Shall an old woman tell your fortune?' oamo in a low, sibilant whisper ; and n gaunt, fleroe-eyod, ragged old oroaturo rooo up from a orouohinc position under the window. tf Tho girl sturted back, a faiat ory on hor lips. ' Who are you f ' alio inquired, quiokly ro covering horsoK, aud epoaliing uomowhut im poriounly. ? ? ? ' Only a poor, forsnkon old vagabond ; but I pan toll you something, miss, that will, drivn all that bloom from your fnoo, that ligbt from your oyeu,' H« BtranKO, burning glanoo swept ovor tho 3ninfv nvAnlnrr.draiiR tl, t\ anti luf«,\ a*\A »l.m moring jewels, ner brown, wrinkled laoo worked oonvulsivoly. A bitter oxooration foil from liar wit lie rod lip*. Knvy, rage, hnte, led tho lurid Uro of hor sunken oyoa. Alioo Denraond had bravo blood in her v-tinfl. Sho did not fool afraid, but sbo was fasoinatod. : What revelation oould this poor oronturo ' mako to harm or frighten her? Pity aiirrod ber heart. Sho oould bo noncrous to tho poorest of God'u orcnturos to-night. i 11 1 do not oaro to linvo my fortuno told, but horo ia oorao nionoy. Tftko it nnd go away. My father would bo diaplonaed wqrb ho to find you hero,' ulio said, gently, hold-. ' ing out her slim, white hand, with two pilvor pieces in its opon palm. But tho strango old woman drow baok with n low, 'soornful laugh. ' ....... . -, ' Diaploased I Hu, ha 1 I shouldn't wonder. You are vory kind. Ah,yoB;itio easy for you to play tho L»dy Bountiful, but I would starvo— yoa, stnrvo and rot— boforo I would touoh Desmond ruonoy. I have aomo to tell you somothing.' - : Alioo grew seriouB, improaaod, ia spite ot herself, ' 'Whatisit?' ??A frinni*Af_ nnA nnA 4Via^ ««n nnnUli in ?* H»»*wVp huv* . uuu «ui«u jruu vukui tv know. This is your wodding-ovo ?' | ' Yefl.' I '!A fitting timo,' eho muttorad, with a ' fiendish obuokla. ' Como out into the gar den.' ? j Alioo glnnood baok into the room. Tboflro Lurned with a ruddy glow ; tho oooupants of the low obaira around it woro laughing and talking, and at tho piano tho muuioally in olinod woro trying a now song. 'No ono had hoard a word of that oonvoraa tion at tho window. Sho turned again to the night and to that evil-oyod old woman, who stood wntohing her liko n grim f ato, fciho aaid briefly ; 'I will oome.' Sho stopped quiokly from tho room, took a mantle from tho hall-lobby, flung it ovor hor , head, ami went out into tho dnrltnosa of tho outor world, ' Her dolioato oilk bruBhcd tho dow from tho grasa on tho gnrdoii-wallt, and onuo a rouo thorn caught tho Irco of hor nlnovo ; but on oho wout until ino oamo faoo to fnoo with hor 8lronge visitor. For a moment thoy atood thoro in tho midet of M10 old Rnrdon j tho girl, young, fair, and daintily olothed ; tho old woman, bout ttbd iinKflnrd, hor poor rit({B (luttoring in tho oriep, froaty broozo, uilcnt — tho ono oxp*'' Rnt, tho othor wioltedly exultant, ' Alioo upolto first. ? 1 ' You munt bo brief, My (jucotu will mloa ' me.' ? 'Let thorn, foola that they nro. I hats them all. lint I will nob detain you vory long. Whoro ia your mother?— toll me,' I oho nnid, abruptly, leaning forward and pluokiug ht her eleavc. I Alice roaoilod from her touch with a shud dor of repulgiaO' _ I '?Bead i eho died at my birtli '— so»ly ana Iranklr. ? ' ' ' Diod, did eho I Hn, ha 1 Yea, sho diod . At your birth, a Blow death but a e\ire one died to tho world, to tho ploouuroa of lifo, to everything,' bat thoy did not put ber in a ! lBLriv-i ta- .» ft— mtiviW'l «— '-^-?--?- i ' Iti-v daro you spsak so fttbely I' cried tho girl, Iwr Eivcei blanshing, a liutild ciiill (ceC'Zitif! ttio wacm \ovny bload ;n her vuius. ' 'Tb truo. I know iti ; I- swo^r it 1 Go tek youc father. Oil, y«, bo haa tlecoived you all UienoyeM3 for tour thoshadosv tuighl darken your lifo ; but tho curse is ou you— you are doomed. M&duess; UuUa in yout I blood, worka in your brain. Oh, you nro I young, and rioh, and beautiful, but tho poorest beggar iu tha laud need not envy you. Marry, and eooner or later you will j tind yout home behind tho bolta wd bara ot a madhouse.' Alice listened in speechless horror. Hho no longer doubted tha old wouimi'b words, but what a crushed and deadly feeling op pressed her I Could it bo only a hideout) dream/ Would Bho wako presently in tier own pretty room, surrounded by tho costly confusion of her bridal trousseau ? Ah, no, no, it was uo dream, but a cruel reality I Hither had all that happy past been a dream— a brilliant but swiftly-failing dream. How far away it uoeraed from her now, and what a blaok gul! ot nuguisu aud despuirlay before ber. 'Heaven have mercy upon ruo,' »p.h whis pered, hoarsely, feeling jho had no other refugo now. Tho old woman clutched her round, tender wriBt iu ft oruolgrdap. ' Do you waut to know why 1 toll you this carefully-guarded secret 1 It id my vengeance. Lang years ago I had a daughter, young nnd fair as you. Her lover ««3 your f»ther'» butler, and on their wedding day thoy hunted him down, and Mr. -Desmond, tht rich mer chant,' had him dragged away to prison because he had stolen a paltry sum ol mouoy from him. Heaven 1 she died in my arms,* lor Bho was but a doliaato oreature, and I vowed ahe Bhould be, avenged. Blow lor blow, Ufa lor lite, is my motto. Go bick to yoa guests, to your lover, and your wedding finery, but remember! ' * And witb tbat last word ringing through tbe air, Bho vanished. ' . '?Cin I ever forget?' moaned the girl, etumbliug up tbe path like' a crenturo blind with anguish. ' Oh, father, why did you spare me? Ob, mother, whew are you to night?' ?? J ' : ? She felt choking, and pulled tho lace- ruth lessly away from tier white throat. ' What a fate, to bo raised to the height of human bliss, only to bo dashed down into a bottomless pit of despair. ? All the time ono thought kept boating through her brain : ?, 'It ismywedding-eve.' . AburstofgAy laughter Coated out from the drawing room' as Bhe stumbled wonrily up thoetopa. It made her shudder, and yet nn hour ngo, evon less than nn hour ngo, eho bnd joined in tho mirth, the happiest of them all. , - Sho ttolo through tho hall until sho onmo to the library door. There sho sloppou for a a momout, palo and wau as eome wandering spirit ot sorrow, ? Her father sat in h:3 easy.ohnir, smoking ; whilo talking to bin] 'her lovor stood lean ing ngain8t tho mantle. How noble bo looked— how bravo nnd bnndsoino I . It ho had only. raised his eyes- and looked on thnt blauohed fnoe, those sad oyoa 1 Hut, unaonsoioua Qf hor nenrnoafl, unaonsoioua ot tho power working ngaiuat tbo'fntition ot bia happiness, ho stood there talking nnd think ing ot to-morrow. Alioo etrotohod out hor hands, nnd hor lips movod in a whispered farewell ; thon slowly tho moved on up tbo stairn to bor own room. On tho tb.roab.old oho mot her maid. ' Good hoaveiiB I. Miss Alioo, what ia tho matter?' oho oriod, starting' baok from bor foang miatrosa'a obHiigod nppcnrnuoo iu affright, 'Utiahl I am only tirod. Do not lot mo 00 disturbed to-night. 1 intend to rotir- ' onoe.' ' ? »\S ??But,' ? lV ' Floaso go, Sarah ; I do not need you.' And she olosod and lookod the door agniUBt even hor faithful eorvant's instruotion. The room bad been put in portoot order, tho trunka woro packed, anil on n low oouoh hor wcdding-droAs lny caroftilly spread out, with wreath and voil Bproad norosB it. How tlio eight mooked bor pain I With a donpniring ory she Hung horsolf down on tho floor, nnd moroiful tears saved her from going mad then and thoro. Novor in all her young lifo had oho shod suoh tor ronta of toarn, boon »lmkun with Biioh doep aobs; for never beforo had real sorrow laid its burden upon hor, and this waa n thing to crush oven tho etoiitcut-hoiutod. At last oho roso up.onltuor, but woofnllypnlo and oubduud, n girl no longer, but a outlering woman. An iuipulso to go away aoorotly hail aomo ovor hor. Witb tovorlsh haste sbo ohangod her ovening dress for a plainer ono, put her purea iu hor bosom, and laid out n hat and olonk. Then eho oat down and wroto n ubort noto to hor lather, a pitiful littlo moa sago explaining tho onmo of her (light, and entreating him to toll Phil. That; finished, and laid on her dressing- table, she moved slowly and softly about tha roomj taking n sorrowful farewell of all tho pratty familiar things ondearcil to her by a thousand happy aBflooiations. Abovo tha nmntlopiooo hang hor lover's pioturn, richly framed, and tho moot prooioim of all bor treaaureB. SI10 paused boforo it, toarloes, but with heaving breast, hor poor, baasionnto henrt quivering, almost uronlc Ing. 'Oh, lovo, love, how oan I givo you up? Yet 'tis bettor that than I should ruin your lite. Heaven (orbld that I should do it 1 Good- tiyo, good.byo, for ovor 1' and nlio turnod away, not daring to look again into thoflo iiiohircd nyou, lost lior oourago should, aftor all, fail. At last Hho was roady, and opening' hor door aho glanced out. Tha houuu was all quiet, tho hall dark and deserted, Shn want out, nnd with noisolosg stops groped her way down stairs. With Blinking hand nho fumbled nt tho fnatoninga of the front door. She thought nho heard footatopa on tho upper Iloor, and liotonod in broathloss terror, It was only a falea alarm, nnd opening tba door, Bho etoppod out, nnd hoard it olouo bohind hor with a chilling shuddor, . Shut out in tlio oold and darknoso— slio, tho dnrlinc of forluno. tho t'lorv of hor fatlici's hoiiBO, tho liolovod-o( l'hil KingBly'u heart; and yot nho (nocd it with lens ulirinlc Ini; thnn nho oould havo fnood pitying frliindu, n uliamootrlokon father, a luko-warm lover. Halt a doy.on hounda boundod up to mcot hor, barking ilooply ; but at tho nonnd ot hnr low, sweet voice, crouched nt her foot with whines ot doligut. With n soothing word oho went swiftly clown tho walk, nnd do away from hor homo, and it wau hor wodding ovo, ? i I i The woddiug any dawned olaar nnd bril liant, with n lino hoar frost lying on loaf nnd flower. At Doamond'fl tho hnuaohold wora Mtir early, tor thoro were yot many thinga ta bo dono bofora tho bridal fcant wan nprend. Suddenly a otrungo ory rang through tlio houoc ; a ory of npprohonoion ; of alarm— tho brido oould not l;o found, llnr bnd wnn un touohod, hor evening droen lay in n orumplod honp on the iloor, but oho had vnninhed, Mr. Debmond'11 ruddy fnoo pnlcd a little, but hu onllod it only a /oaliiih woman'u cwitciucnt until ho read hia daughter1!) noto. Thou ha atftKRorcd bnolt with n flerao ory : ' Oh, llonvon I it ia truo ulia linn loft un I' Guoflti) and oorvnnta woro nil gathorctl around him, nil caKor, nil ourioim, nnd Phil Kinijuly stood nt liia olbovv, polo and rather otorn, ' What dooa it l/inan?' hodomandnd, HI10 hau boon listening to uoino cruel lion.' ' You lio youruclf, lioyal Doniiiond j I told her only tho truth,' uoroamod n nlirill voioo ; nnd n hnggnvd old woman puiihed bar wny thruugh tho orowd until ulia iitoml faoini; tho mnntor nt tho liouno. ' You havo for Cotton mo, probnbly, but I have not forgotten you, lloyrtl Doiimond, nor the rovongo 1 Hworo to wronif on you for draijnini! lny ijirl'u lover off to priiion nnd breaking hor heart. You murdered her 1' ulio cried, wildly j ' but I— I wnn woro njerolful to your pretty idol. I only told hor Ilia truth about her mother, and tho i'lto Rwaiting hsr, pampered, epojteil pri that 3b9 wa.'.' 'Aud you would take voogsancc on an innocent, d»tenoeles3 girl?' saiil Kin?''-', sternly. 1 Sho laughed fiendishly, 'A tifo fot a lite, young sir j- bettor Bu itiDnktul you have escaped a mod woman. Ob, it would have wrung your beart to havo witnessed tier horror, dor anguish V ' Wor.iati, are you fiwh aud blood, or demon?' hasreply demanded tho wsrebant, ' Damon— jusi what you mndo me. 1 only bopa you will uow feel i\ pang of ivhat 1 ha^o eutlcrcd. You may tako mo, kill me, lor what I havo done ; I havu had my revenue — ' ' And a poor rovougy it will prove, whou I tell you she is my daughter only by adoptiuu.' Ho turned to his listening guests, a haughty Hush mouutitig to hia fiuo fmio. ' My frionda, this woman's iusntte anger against mo makes it neeuoaary to toll J.'-u a vory painful Biory. It has bseo kept a secret from a foolish fuar that it might oloud my gitl't) lite — sho ia my girl, though no- drop vt my blood Kowa in her veins. You know, somo of you, that my wife died iu nn iusano asylum, ouly n few year« bro. Hor wind be^au ? to fail Boon attcr'wc wero mattied, and sho grow muob worse atti'i her child died. Wo travelled over tho Couttnent, and ono night wo utopped at a hotel in u littlu town whejro an English wo '.nan lay dying, Sho had a lovely littlo girl, a mere b.xby, and the thought ot leaving it alone in the world distressed her beyond measure. My wife took a strange fanoy to tho littlo one, and at la»t we adopted hot ; utul from that day to this sho has been my girl, my Alico, my treasure ; but would to Heaven I bad told her this and spared bet ruuoh ButTi'ting.' His bond bowed, and ho very tenderly smoothed out tho sad little note. ' How desperate her sbatno aud misery aiuat havo tendered her, to ooaiso hor to ruu away in tha dead ot night— sho, eo young, so tenderly 'sheltered from all tho tough winds ot human '. adversity,' ho murmured, brokenly. In the doep silo.nqe that followed Mr. Uaa mond'a explaontiou tho old woman oropt out, bafttid, crost- fullcn, and when tho servants would havo arrested hor, Kingsly reatraiuod thom. ' _ _^' ' Let hor go Vs-hooan do no more tnisohiot.' Then Hotouohed Mr. Desmond on tho arm. ?' House yourself, sir. Wo must Uud Alioo.' ???VYes, womust fmd her, 'Oh- riiil, whore oan elio bo? my poor gir!, ray darling 1' And Phil set his lips hard together, and turned from tlio sight ot tho wedding favors lying on tho table, Alas tor Inn happiness I How swiftly, oruolly, it had been dostroyed t ' ' Just a week sim;o aho Imd (eft her fathor's house, and yet to; Alioa Desmond, Bitting'io tha amiBhino in front ol nn old house in » suburb of Ljndon, tho timo had drnggeil so heavily it seemed an ngo, ; Shu sat on a stool, her head rooting ngainst a small tree, ber hands listlessly folded in her lap. Thero woro dark rings under hor lovely eyes, and a Used pallor on her smooth oheek. Ah old woman oamo sottly to the door, looked at hor, and uhook her head with a deep nigh. Sho bad been tho girl's nur-tf, aud loved her with devotion. What n nhook it had been to her to havo bor nursling como as sho didl Sho oould not attend tho wcildinK, but she uat by hor lonely fire thinking ,of it one evctiinr; just ai dusk, when oa'nie n land, hurried kuouk on tho tront door, and there on tha otop stood Alice, pallid aa death— a veritable ghost, tho fright euod woman nt' first thought. ' 'Oh, Norn, tnko mo inl bide ma away from tho world, for my honrt ia broken I' sbo pnntcd, and tell faint nnd exhausted ?arose tho tbro«hoUl ; and thero sho hnd been ever sinco — n nilent, joyouu oreaturo, bo un like hor old, gay, brilliant self, it wrung tho woman's henit to look nt hor. To-day oho sat on tbo atool iu the oun lliine. liatlnBB, hopolons. ' On, tbat ' master would oomo I' sighed old Nora ; nnS Boarooly hail tho wIbIi found 1 nttoranot) when tho (jalo swung open, nud Mr, ] Desmond and Phil Kingaly ontored, ? Alioo turnod her bond nt tho Bound, and startled up with a ory, only to 'sink baotc again on tho atool, breathless, almost faint ing. Tho next moment aho was in her Ath er'o arms. ' Alioo, my girl I— my darling 1' ho oriod, nnd broke down, his tears tailing on bor bent honil. ?',..-' I ' Oh, lather,' Bho moanefr, ' why did you ' bring him with you I— I oannnt bear It,' And than,' mustering bis omotions, ba told her tho story ha had told to tho wodding. gUOdtfl. ' Had you oomo to nio thnt niglit, my ohild, I would hnvo told you thon.' t shall not attompt to toll you how tho girl fult, Tho rovuluton troru blaokoBt despair to groatoBt joy mado hor Bonnes almost reel. At first nlio listened, palo mid ?bowildored, than eba laughed nnd wept by turns ; but tha momont ot ouproment joy was whon her lover'a arms olnspod ber, hor lovor'a lips pressed hors, nnd sho knew Bho aeod novor shrink ttom him, Suffering had taught hor the tmturo ot happinoaa. Thoy woro married thnt day without pomp or abow ot any kind, ' tor,' said Kingsly, «? wo will ttavu no moro wndding ovon.' 