GENERAL BRIEFS. One-third of the world is controlled by the Anglo-Saxon race. The longest clock pendulum ever made is that of the Eiffel Tower--377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in the year 1893 in India. Leather trunks were made and sold in Rome as early as the days of Julius Ca?sar. For every ,widower who marries a widow there are cloven who espouse maidens. There are more strikes in the United States than in all the rest of the world put together. No man of a less stature than five feet nine and a half inches can enter the police force of New York. A Waterloo veteran, in the person of Count Donnet-Vorget, has, died at Paris at the age of 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at the Sheerness School or Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its weight is about 1100 tons. A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of the ancient Roman town of Thamugadia, now known as Tim-. gad. Portions of a colossal statue, the height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine yards, have been found. In Hungary it is the custom for the groom to give the bride a kick after the wedding ceremony to make her feel her subjection. This is a matter that suggests thought. Theo tail of the kangaroo is the fleshiest part of the animal. It is considered dainty food when boiled in its own skin, which afterwards may be drawn off like a glove. .. A vessel called the Islam detained at Glasgow because she isladen with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets are literally paved with gold. At Johannesberg lt has been round that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef for paving the streets yields six pennyweights to the ton. An American physician in Tokio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in the eyes of the Japanese. A fine silk thread draws up the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that are renouired. The term " infantry" was first used by the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moors, to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante. It was later oxtended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe. Sometimes there are precocious boys other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report the suicide by hanging of a little eleven 'year old Londoner, who took his life in a fit of pique because of being punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation of his dinner. Many references have been made re cently to the firatLady Mayor. But they have gone one better in the United States (says a London paper). The Police Com missioner of Leavenworth, Kansas, is Mrs Eva M-. Blackmau, who is, moreover, the editor iand proprietor of a newspaper, and is only twenty-seven! It is estimated that the sunflower plant dr-ws from the soil and lexhales. in 12 hours, 12 ounces of water. The nerves are all connected with it directly or by the spinal marrow. These nerves, with their branches and minute ranifications, probably exceed 10,000,000 ni number. Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. The detective at Buenos Ayres sent to arrest the in famous Liberator man has telegraphed "All right" to the Scotland yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm welcome back to his native land. The domestic household of Bun-lan, the King of Annamn, consists almost wholly of women, including a hundred wives, who are divided into nine classes, according to the station of life in which they' wore .boeri - ''irf- r thie on treaeto.,e' .l - M. Casimir-Perier, who is forty-six years old, is, with two exceptions, the youngest ruler whom France has had since N'apolecu, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine. Charles X. was sixty seven, Louis Phillipe fifty-seven. Thicrs seventy-three, MacMahlon sixty-five, and Grevy seventy- one. Cavaignac, however, was only forty-six when placed at the head of the State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulanger's mother, Madame Boulanger, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birch, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart ment in Paris where she had lived for many years. she had been in a wander inr state of mind, her faculties having declined about the tune when her son's popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide: the Ixolles Crnetery at Brussels. Valentine Yox seems to have founil an imitator in anl adopted J;spaneso girl of eighteen who resides in the province of Kai. Her foster-parents and nieighbors were recently astounded by the discovery that the house was hlaunted by a imost mysterious voice. N, " ghost " could be dsscovered. At last it was found that the girl had developud an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She had been exercising her faculty for the purpose of conmpolling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real mother. The trade in shrimps has grown so enormously during the last year or two that about four tons daily are despatched oy the mail boats from Ostcnd to Dover, whenice they are despatched chiefly to London and the great centres of Lancn shire and Yorkshire. They are caught oa tlhe sand coasts of Bolgium nud boiled ready for market, and packed in huge hamFersso as to reach breakfast tables in the EInglish Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroys the taste of aloes; peppersmint water dis guisos nauseous taste of salts ; milk is a eood abater of the bitter flavor of Peru vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot be tasted if beaten and thoroughly miixed with the white of an egg. Another method of covering the niauseous taste of castor or cod-liver oil is to put a tablespoonful of strained orunge juice in a wineglass, pour the oil into the contre of the juice, and then equeeze a few drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edge of the glass. As an instance of thie courtesy of the Royal Family, it may be omentioned that when an artist went down to White Lodge the other day to make a sketch of the birth-place of our future Kine. the Duke of York himselt gave the artist all the necessary information, and was at much pains to secure the aiccnuracy of the sketch. At last the Prince asked, " Would you like to have the baby in to draw from? You can if you like, you know," he said; "but. candidly, it is not a whit different from every other baby, iand at present I personally cannot soee much myself except a bundle of flanmel I' Thei Wollman polar expedition has ar rived safe and sound at Tromsoe, a sea port on the north-west coast of Norway. The party got as far north as 1lt. 84 dog. and there came to a " dead-end," in the shapoe of a solid wall of ice, which effectively blocked further progress. Not being able to wait until the ice-wall melted, the partyhied them back to home and friends as fast as possible. Mean while it is chilling to reflect that Dr Nansen and his party are probably some where on the other side of that wall of ice. 