BALLWAY SURVEYS. Wbnt do They Mean ? A GENTLEMAN residing in the southern part of the colony, who has for many years past taken a warm interest in the national rail- way policy involved in a line West from Grafton, writes to a friend in our city : " I see it announced that there are four parties of surveyors at work on the suggested rail- way route from South Grafton via Don Dorrigo to Guyra and Inverell. Are you people taking any action against it 'i If not, you should stir yourself, and others, to pre- vent the possibility of a great wrong being inflicted on the districts and on tho colony. As great swindles in respect to railways have been perpetrated before now, I need not ask you what value will a railway be if it misses the best land, or is of so great length that it cannot pay the farmer to send his produce along it, in order to compete successfully in the market where others not so handicapped have the advantage of him. To construct such a line might gratify some people, but it would not serve the country to the extent that the expenditure should demand. More than that, if the Don Dorrigo line is made it will mightily increase the burdens of the Feople because of its non-paying character, have written to some prominent men whom I knowfavour the direct line, against the log- rolling influences. You and the Grafton people should do the same. You should keep yourselves alive over this matter, or you may find, while you slumber and sleep in a fool's {iarad.se of false promises, that the country ms been saddled with another white elephant railway like those which include the Lisniore Tweed line. This recent move in the direc- tion of the Don Dorrigo must be the outcome of instructions given by the late Ministry largely, I suppose, under the influence of Mr. Copeland, wno wants everything connected with the North to concentrate in Sydney through Armidale. The route from South Grafton via Newton Boyd to Glen Innes, even by the present survey, is the shortest and easiest ascent from the Coast to the Tableland of any place between the Manning and the Queensland border, and the best for the general interest. Glen Innes is in the centre of the largest and richest agricultural district on the Tableland, and from these the best route could be got to the Western country. I know all this country well : better than all the surveyors and all the members of Parliament put together. You will re- member that Mr. Bruce Smith, at my sug gestion, ordered a re-survey of part of the rafton-Glen Innes line, with the result that in place of .a gradient for a considerable distance of 1 in 33, the steepest grade on the whole length-and that for only a short distance-islin 150. Thatimprpvementissome proof that I know the country as well as what I am talking about. Where Mr. Smith made the mistake was not ordering a com- plete survey of all my suggestion-from South Grafton up Chambigne Creek, and thence to Doughboy Hollow, across the Nymboida River, and up Cunglebung Creek, piercing the range between that creek and Newton Boyd by a tunnel. If this had been done, the length of line, almost direct, would have been considerably less than up the Mitchell and Mann Rivers, even though that is, com- pared with the Dorrigo, and Tenterfield routes, by far the shortest, ' What is almost os important as "shortness of distance-the cost of the line along the route I indicate would be considerably less in the aggregate than the cost of any other line. As to ,the Don Dorrigo country, I know all about it. I lived there years ago, when I had to carry my.lifo in myhand. I know a very mistaken estimate has ' been forméd of the character and productive capabilities of the soil. But, even supposing the country and soil,to be as good as some people imagine,' what can it produce ? - . The climate is not suited to wheat growing.' Some portions 'might, in best seasons,'produce light crops of 00-day maize. Potatoes might, be grown. But what else that'would be profitable to a railway or to a, farming population, is'a mystery. Possibly dairying after a while arid pig feeding might enable occupants of the land: to earn a pre- carious subsistence., But,-knowing what ,I do, I cannot too earnestly'urge'you Grafton people to exert, yourselves in preserving the the country from'the infliction of another railway swindle." ', ,,,, ,, " ?N.S.W.- BAPTIST'UNION.-At the annual conference on Tuesday, the' retiring. chair- man, Mr. William White, referred to the fact that he had'officially visited, all the churches associated with the union during his term of office; The newly-elected presi- dent, P3ev. William Coller, then' assumed' charge of the meeting. - On the roll being' called'70 delegates responded." Mr. 'Hugh Dixon was appointed president of the union' for the year 1S95-C3. ; The Rev. IVE.'Harry was re-elected secretary and Mr; John Wells treasurer. The Rev. Dr. Porter was chosen as preacher to the union for the year 1895. A letter was ? read from ' the Queensland : branch of the Women's Christian ' Temper- ance Union of Australasia, asking the union to declare in favor of uhfermented wine for sacramental purposes.'' Tho letter was re- ceived. In the evening the Rev. Seth Jones, of Newcastle, preached the annual sermon. The secret of preaching, he said, was the depthof conviction,''the firm grasp of truth,, and being filled with the Holy Ghost. : -? '?¡: DEATH. Mr. Christian Lange, an old resident of this city, died early yesterday morning, aged 61. He had been ailing since the beginning of the year, and for three weeks prior to his death, was confined to his bed. Deceased, who was much respected, resided for some time on the Riverstone Estate, above South Grafton. He leaves two sons and one daughter (Mrs. Alex. M'Intosh) of Grafton. The funeral, takes place this afternoon. HAILSTORM.-A heavy ; hailstorm passed over Carrs Creek arid the west end of the city on Thursday afternoon. ... A large quan- tity of bail fell, and in some places the accummulation.of hail did not.dissolve till next morning. It, is stated,, that some of the young crops were injured. The storm was accompanied by high ..wind. ' The hail fell thick at Waterview, and in places lay several inches on the ground. , CANE ON THE ORARA HIVER.- We were yesterday shown, some very good stalks, of the Grey Fiji cane, grown by Mr. A; M'Kin non on a selection on the west bank of the Orara, between Ramornie and Bawden bridge, about 10 miles from Grafton. The canes are fully 8ft. long, remarkably healthy, and free from. infection of any kind, and should provide good sets for: planting . in disease infected localities. This is proof that cane can be grown on land not. generally believed to be suited for its production. The specimens are on view, at the office of . the C. P. and A. Society. / , , ?? . ¡ . ACTION AGAINST BANKS.-A crise of more, than ordinary interest was decided in tho Jury Court,. Sydney, on : Monday, in the ouse Crossley v. the Bank of N.S.W. The plaintiff claimed that the bank ? had,' in-its I quarterly abstracts of assets and liabilities i during the years 1802 and 1803, and also' in I the last quarter of 1891, sent to the Govern- ment incorrect réturns, inasmuch ns it had, instead of showing the-balances due from other banks on the assets side of the'ac- count, included with them balances duo from branch 'offices of its own. ;For so. doing the plaintiff claimed that the hank had for- feited a penalty of £500. Ho was, however, unable to prove.his .ciise;according to law, and was, therefore 'nonVstiited ,by the Chief Justice, who remarked that, the action was brought at a..time when its effect upon the. community was likely to' be a mischievous one..' The nonsuit in. this: case was followed by a nonsuit,in iqur other.actions by the same plaintiff. . T , .n;. . THE LAND; BILI..-The following resolu- tion was carried at a largely-attended meet- ing of tho executive council of the Single-tax Leugue : " That as the Land Bill, now liefore Parliament, purposes a still further aliena- tion of the people's estate-such hoing destructive of the. best, interest of the community, this meeting is of the opinion that the land purposed to be dealt with should be thrown. opon for use under the principle of leasehold in perpetuity with periodical assessment, improvements ex- empted. It is reported at Coolgardie that a big discovery lias been made within a mile of j the Norseman reef, on Dundas Hills. 