LAND TAXATION. TO THE KDITOE. Sir—We are on the eve of an important eleetion. Two distinct issues are before the electors relating to taxation, viz., specially taxing land values apart from other sources of revenue and the progressive land tax. I would suggest for the earnest and honest consideration of all the following questions:— Is it fair to tax landowners and allow wealth owners to go free ? Is it fair to progressively tsx a landowner on tbe present value of his land, whioh has been let on a long lease, from which the lessee has and is receiving a large income ? IB it fair to tsx landowners pro gressively who are willing to sell their land to the State at a fair valuation ? Is it fair to tax landowners progressively who have mortgaged their land and spent the money in erecting large buildings, and thus beautifying the city and giving much employment to labour ? Is it fair to tax landowners progressively on the full value of land held which may be heavily mortgaged. Sir, the electors have to answer these questions at the ballot-box. I would therefore recommeud for their consideration the past utterances of the Hon. 0. C. Kingston and the Hon. Thomas Playford, both of whom have delivered pertinent and convincing arguments relative to them. The popular cry, "put the burden of taxation oa the shoulders best able to bear it, "is not fulfilled by either of the systems of taxation under review, because a man may be a landowner small or large and yet be in comparative I>overty. This statement cannot be denied, as it is verified by the balance-sheet of many landowners. Then I ask those who prate so much about theJ' equality of sacrifice in taxation" to honeffly endeavour to discover a system of taxation which will fulfil every condition of their pet doctrine. I appenl to all to uphold the principles of British justice and deol fairly with all taxpayers. I am. Sir, &c.;, SMALL LANDHOLDER. Slit Bpnfce of the rights of women In words that elowe>I and bnrned. She spoke of the worm downtrodden. Anil said that tli" worm had turned ; She proved by columns of figures That, clevur as man crald be. He had not "a ghost of a fcho«" With a woman who drinks Charlick's Tea. It is sold at Is. 3d., Is. sd.. and la 9d., and absolutely pure. Thousands now daily epjoy it. NJS7C 