IAN OUTCAST* t[Aia Si«w» SBatmrBD.] Tied by special arrangement with I. Ward, Lock ami Boadm, Limited, BOOK IV. HARVEST. CHAPTER I. BOW XT BEGAN. JQ&RFK; SO OKI KG, rTha Bteay ot AackMr VtStUx," • SMtKlicooV " Zfflah," i are two angelsthafc attendunsaen : one of us, and in the great book ord 1 findevil deeds. He who writes 1 ones, after every action closes Solume, and ascends with it to God. other keeps his dreadful day-hook sunset, that we may repent; which jag, Scecord of the action fades away, | leaves a line of white across the Jge. gif any act be good, as I believe-it, not be recalled. It is already up in Heaven, as a good deed ist is yours. —Longfellow. ne was the evening following the |f the dark deed on the cliffs. The pas the library of Penwithen, hout the morning Reuben had sat jbrooding. Sometimes he felt safe 1 danger, at other times he trembled r sound. When lunch was over he ay indoors no longer, so he had ( his horse to be saddled, and had " > Tintagel, ostensibly on business, jly : to hear what people were talking' | To his surprise, nothing was said |r. No one knew of Mb death.. Mea |n working along the coast all the ir, bat no dead body had been seen Etly the sea had not given up its I Well, so much the better for him. i the body might floatfor days, and s washed on the'beach at Padetow, j Quay, or Bade. It might be that | would connect it with John Fraser. orthy had told his tap-room comi again and again that he should go rica, where there wps room for a his talents; and so suspicions be diverted .into other channels, lie should say nothing. A great f came to him to go to the scene of nggle, but he said he would,not. s:'enougH'for that. He had heard of jrarderers being discovered in that nt he would not be bo foolish.' And de back to Penwithen for dinner, sared gay and happy all the time, etly the meal concluded he lockedt in the library again, ire burned cheerfully in the grate, rip on the table sent out a cheerful ~nd Beuben enjoyed his comfortable 'dings. ' He had not partaken of f dinner, but, contrary to his usual n, he had drank several glasses of and thus for the time, was flushed false courage. In an hour or two f&aence; would leave him, but at Jit its power was grateful. |had sat about an hour when a knock > the door, and, on his opening it, a nt gave him a note, hy answer, Susan f" he said absently. Sto, sir; the boy that brought'it is §6 you know the boy ?" fee, sir; it was Jane Hendy's boy— ' s was servant 'ere years agone." h, thank you, Susan." i spoke more kindly than usual. He ed every one to think him cheerful satisfied. He looked the door again,, ever, and, sitting down in his arm- I, opened the envelope. After that he Id at the address. It was evidently jfcen by a woman who had had little ce in the art of writing. Thus it rc to mr.Ruban penwithn up to PenwifcKn." can this ba from ?" he mused, ithen taking oat the letter, read as SWb:— respected eur. i ope ya will souse me atin. yew was a good maaster to ine } your ouse, an i fchot yu wud like to wot was goin on, so i am ritin thia. ten o'clock this mornin that black [ chap called Isbznul who do live up to nbshed, corned in 'ere ses he ard to : Missus Hendy. iss says i, tis a lot r bein marrid than bein in sarvice like tup to penwithn, iwas Jane Bickett m'Sid a good time cos maaaterpenm wos sich a good maaster, says i. j t, villin ses ee, no eh thing ses i;©e | a good maaster to Ine ef eyerthere Spue, look ere ses ee, ees no rite to be fe, an somebody els will be there soon,. awflT seB i, for i B-ever did like that >, ee" Sllays made md'feel oal creepy well fee's ee you naw mT5 itpdy that o ave' cuijus, ways, and eev6 got ft Bt, i've found/it out, ivo got the thing f biniridiii for years, ait you will soon i, new maaster to penwithn, tis in my et ses ee alappm. his jacket,' and ee oal curyus like ses ee J ainta bin i ool thaise years fur nothin, wot do In says i, you will soon naw ees ee, j chawed his teeth again'an looked ge r^iund the eyes and went of. then i > mysf^f mr penwithn shud naw this beant w^ nuff to walk for at present end my li^l© boy without telhn any- "your obedie^ earvenfc jane Hendy. * to mc Bu'wJ 1 Penwithn up to penwithK:- ; iase but ee said sontathjng bout ytfPl jpfein in Bodmun jail." - -i'";••• gen Beuben finished tSMiag this ie he was trembling like an aspen leaf; t he had read it the second time a cold t stood on his forehead. Was the man a 'on? How could he have found itP _ i letter refer to the will at all ? He Imbered Jane. Hendy as a gossiping Who had been servant at Penwithen, i: who was, nevertheless, honest and ould'it be. that it had come to light • all these years? hat was the use of last night's terrible I now! While he was straggling with er, who he believed was the essential c, this Nemesis must by some means e discovered this secret 1iiding-place found what he had sold his soul to in. 'Oh, devil, thou art a hard-master!" ried, " Iwenty-five years have I Sept thing ftuecret, and now it will come to t. I'shflU be hissed at, stoned, driven of the neighbourhood. Oh, father, did l tear me for.ihis P Margery Goudge, you tempt me tor thisf Comeback, -old hag; come from your grave and me what I am to doi" • „•••••; n ' ; e read'the letter a third time. ,. .Tes, it plain enough. He had hid it all these B ; last-night he had taken the life of fellow-man to 'preserve his secret, and or this. Svennis children would loathe top,ithough!. Ee ? mnBfc;ihink;fthinkr posing the will were found, suppose ael did his'worst; What wouldie the e?aenceP The game, might not be i. ^bo couldaay the will was genuine P, ild he urge that it Jiad been forged P o was ishnLwl ? A nameless man, comtiyely, with ^ unknown antecedents, i would rainby ti«wll ? fehmael^nd mother. Well, the rirojiberIjad been ked upon as mad, while r*b»aal was atly.avoided as a myeteriouB chaTAJperwould claun that the^will was*forger?i then if the case row decided agamst they wmW be temportei. M least,. Ishmael would. Ah, the case was not so bad; For who could prove the will genuine? No one. The..two witeesses were deacL Margery had died years before; as for John Fraser,- he would never be heard of again. Who would accept Ishmasl's statement? No one. He wbb a magistrate himself, aid he knew. A man of his standing in the county would be believed a thousand timeB before this man. Tee, he would fightto the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ishmael had spoken to her; but'had he not done this to frighten him P Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her? No; that would give credence to Ishmael's statement, for, of course, there mtist be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place was uniaiown, and even if it was known, a hundred men mipht search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then—no, no, it oould not be! Again he perused the letter, and the more he felt confirmed in his opiaion. He looked at hiB watch. It was nine o'clock. He went to the window and looked out. It was a wild night. The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. The pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see the trees which surrounded the. house, but between the ..gusts of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which were fast becoming bare. The winter was coming on early. He went buck to his chair and sat down again. Ha miist know the truth of this, lie could not rest until he was sura. It was essential that he should be certain', so that he might make his plans accordingly. He had made up his mind to keep indoors during the evenings last night'B work had laahrang his netvea and made him weak." The memory of it was terrible. Still, the work was done, and he would no longer be harassed in that direction. Ob, if Ishmael floated by his side 1" " Yes, I'll go and see," he ssid, at length ; " it'll ba a terrible journey, bat I'll go." He looked at his watch again and eoasiderea. The tide will be at its height at halfpast eleve'n," he mused; "by half-past twelve I can get along at the foot of the cliflci. If 1 start from here at about a . quarter to twelve I shall be able to manage eaeiZy. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks' stories? I wonder whether the ghosts of murdered people do appear at night time? It'll be a terrible journey; but—yen, I'll go; I shall never rest till I'm certain." He got tip and looked in the glass. " I look an old man," he said, as he gazeci on the reflection of his haggard, fsee. "Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be white. Yes. another honr, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would come to this I " He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery, " I'd better give it up," he cried, " I'd better go to Ishmael and make terms witb him. He'll surely be willipg to make arrangements; I can give him Grace's dowry, What if it doeB destroy the marriage arrangements? Grace would be glad. I can see that she hates the thought of marrying Retallick, even although she'e tacrificing herself for my sake. I wonder if he would, now ? No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him; I'll fight it to the end; or win, I'll do it I" At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair ol' thick boot> snd a warm overcoat. ; Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in his overcoat pocket. Thenhetosk some matches, and after striking two or three, to tee that fchiy ignited easily, he studied a mimita, as if in doubt as to whether there was anything more. He noiselessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. Ho remembered being there"with Judith lonir years before. Ah, how she loved him I Fes, that night was' the first step in the !>rcat sin which had ended twenty-five years afterward! in murder. No, not that— justifiable homicide. . He listened intently. . All was rilent,no lonnd broki-the stillness of- the .night. He thought he heard one of the servants oreathing heavily, but that was all. Every one was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he should never sleep again. Like Macbeth, he had murdered it. ' He turned the .lamp low, and crept through the passage;into the kitchen,and. then went out into the yard by the kitoheD door. A dog leaped forwaTd with a low growl. but seeing who it was whined aftectionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him, "I dare not take him," he muttered, " although he would be company. , Lie down her^ : in thi kitchen, old na^an&M; quiet." ' The dog did as he was bid, while Renben letting himself out again, hurried across the; yard into" "the lane. He stood still and listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through the trees. He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now aid then; as if In fear, but no one appeared, no sound was heard, . After a'sharp'walk hearrived at'the hliSi, •and: saw: far beneath Mm tbe restless, turbulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky ai at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds were swept more rapidly aoross the wild iky, the night did" not- appear quite so sullen, He looked all aronnd'hiii,'anxiously;^ fearfully i andthenibreatheda sigh of relief; No one was near.' The spot was open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one? to hide. It was terribly jooely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes' of io»m were cohrtantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic •wajftt a 1 furiousinood. He. walked on until he came to the recipitous footpath leading to the beach, 'or one who did not know -every yard:of the clifis. descent would be perilous, but Beuben did not hesitate, and in s f«w minutes stood on the hard sea sand. Yes, the tide was -BaetooigraiijlevenmowJhe sawstretch of Baud fee* wide. He wenfcsonthwara.; \- Fancy the - a =ene. On the one bane, towering rugged enf' 1 ' a mld eky on the other, a etorm'-'^^ an jP X hurling itself on the rook-bonn* time, midnight. All sound drowned u, lncesiantaoar of the waves and the howling winds. - "Everybody will,be in bed," muttered Eiuben; "no one butm man with hill in his heart would come to 6uch a spot aa this on ench a mght as fb.is, My God f I wish I were back at Carloggas with an empty pocket and a light heart. On. he trudged, now stumbling-over the' rocks, sow splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding sea, but still.making his way southward. " IWW a fool not to Se»troy:; it," he went on at length) "if I had, there would be no needofrthis. . I should have done it, too; if I badn't been a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were janly written to frighten me, and it is still there, I shall destroy it the moment; I get back to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do it, though: the ghost of old Michael appears before me and tells me to. stop; I can understand, i ^thote old-men|s stories now. I can lee why they bargained with- the devil, I'd gladly ,sell all the soul live got to lire in comfort all the rest of my life and be safe, There'd be joy and gladness m the thought; but those days are gone, all the old:super" stitions are destroyed," . )A great, wave swept ,npf carrying .with .it; ^iog of wood; and as the water receded, left' it lying before him, In 4be storm-light it did not look unlike the body of a man. He started back with a cry of terror, « My God I " he cried," 'tis he I I can go no further, l am afraid, Idsranot go past that thing," j .. . BotaetMug flapped«1obs to hii ear, ahd a ghastly screech froze the blood ift his vewg. It was only,a sia bird which he.haddisturbed, and which, aa soon as it could, flew back to its shelter again; but to Beabtu it yraa the cry of a lost^oul, it -was a wandering :|Biritwhich'®p»Id<jjanpr«t.- ' "It mt rn W pry nigWwfcwto fell I" |he gasped. " Oh, all the Penwithen •lands, all the money: it:has brought me, good name, and all the rest, will not pay for this. I'll go* straight back and let him do his worst,"i He turned around, and -began to -retrace bis steps, but had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind. "What of Grace and'Bert?" he thought. "I'll save them if I can. I promised their mother that I'd never neglect them, and i must save them. • Poor, dear Amelia I She gave her life for Grace I Oh, my darling I Can't you help me now 1 No, no. If there's a heaven, she's there; and the help I want can't come from hearen," , Once; mare he turned bis face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the spot where-the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. " It's oniy a bit of sea drift I" he cried, " Oh, what a coward I am—a great, hulking coward 1" On he rushed, unmindful of winds and waves.' The stretch of sand-was wider now, so there was no difficulty' In walking. Presently a heap of locks protruded themselves on to the beach, and then he stopped. " I shall soon know," he cried. " Ah, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I'll burn it, in spite of all the dead men's curses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't 1 do it years ago ?" He crept behind the great heap of rockfL and; found a figure wide -enough through which jo squeeze his body ; then he crawlei along a few feet, until he was out of the wina. Outside the wind wailed and the sea sarged,' but here was shelter and rest Taking his lamp from his pocket, he csretally lit it, and looked' anxiously around him, after which he went farther into the cave. Letting the light fall on the ground; he examined the sandy floor. It had not been uisturbed since the last , floodtide, and no mark of a. footstep was to. be. seen. He looked lap ward, aad everything appeared as it, was-when he came, there last,:; All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The sea sounded far away; he was alone—all, all alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. No ; all was silent as death. He made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that P Ha thought he heard a sound like the falling' of a stone, and he listened again. No, he w&b; mistaken ; he was simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Cold Bweat trickled down^his face,(and his limbs trembled. " He must hare found it 1" he gasped, "ana I am lost I ". Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this time aB far as be could reach. His lingers touched something smooth and oold. He clutched it tightly and drew it out. " Safe I safe 1" he cried j I'm a man again. Let me barn this when I get home, iind then what have I to fear ?" Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it into his breast-pocket, then he caref ally buttoned his coat again, and again he realised the haunting fear which he had felt long years before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him lor the will. " It seems to carry a curse with it," he muttered, " but it will be only for an hour." Ones more he held up the lamp, but in so doing knocked kissrm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it up he looked towards the entrauce of the cave, and he lose thought he saw something shining, and quietly held the light towards it, but nothing was to be seen. " Another delusion," he moaned, "another delusion—ah, but I wish John Fraser waa a delusion, Living or dead,,he; ill a-curse to me. Still, the will is.safe, aiidstfie name of Penwithen wUI not be diig^acei?' . . He gioped out of the cave again, and in a few seconds later he stood under the open Madly he rushed along the beach, looking neither to the right nor left, and so -he-did not notice that he was followed. Yet it was so. A man. bending almost, to, a doublejkept near him ail the way, even as he had done ever since he had left Penwithen. When Beuben Penwithen had stood on the clifi, and breathed a sigh of relief because lie was unnoticed, this creature hud been lying fiat on tbe ground; but his ey«B were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. When Beuben had turned and fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered'the cave, and searched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimes too; but he feared not. No ghostly visitants troubled „ him all his thoughts were about the man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Eenben hurried towards Penwithen, , and stumbled sometimes as he 'trudged along the beach, his watcher seemed to be undecided whether to make himself known, , but he! let him climb the clifi first, then, rushing up as easily as a chamois rushes' up a mountain path, he saw that he mutt do his work quickly. Once on the headland again Beuben's ' heart' beat lighter. Bven the last xiight's deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, gribiiy smiling as he -felt, the packet lying safely 1 over' his s heart,. ?he journeyed rapidly, towards^his,homfe; Presently,"however, his ijuick ear detected abound, and.he was about to turn around when he felt a stealthy hand fasten itself .upon his arm like th? grip of steal; while a low, mocking voiceiAid to him: " I want to' speak to you, Beuben Penwitheni" ; OHAPTEB II, ; . DE8PAIB1 " The sorrows of death compassed me and the pains of hell gat hold upon me." —PBALMS: "And it was all play, and no one could tell what it had lived and worked for. A striving and a striving, and_antenimg in nothing," —OLIVE SohbeiSES. Beuben started ..in. -terror.. ... He had thought be was alone, he never dreamed, in spite of-his- watchings, that .any one but himself could be out at BU2h an ho«r, on .,Bu.cli:aipigh.tj jmdvso he gaspedj "Who are you? Tfiat jjio ^ronjwantj "Several things,"-was the quietseply By this time he had got over his surprise a little, and he looked up into the face of the man who spoke so strangely, " i6ia«Lasl Pengelly I" „- t—.v0ft didn't think I was 0 0 et ? WeU 1 interested in you^ ^ ^ _ < am, yob see," " What do you want t" " You know very well. I want what >> stole, what ihflve been seeking for years," Did jheUfcow what had been done, and:, where fie had been ? - JJenben did not know; but he'determined to struggle, tothe end. . "I've only a few pounds wlth me, Ish. mael Pengslly. If you'a asked me in a proper! way I would have let you 'have them readily. But it seems you prefer becoming , a midnight robber. Well, I expected it ot you," " Fortunately, . 1 do not want-your money. I onlys,claim my rights, mine and mother's, Yo« possess what does not belong to you, and I claim it." " What ttoyou mean ?" " You know what I mean, Michael Penrose's will," "Still mad on that?. There never was a will." "Very well, then I'll be content with what you have in your breast pocket." " Breast pocket I My—you—you saw!" " Saw? certainly I did. I kept my eyeB open for that." Then Penwithen lost his presence of mind for a minute. _ , .. ... • "Buthow—howdidyon'Siow ; ?''heoriea. " Know!" replied Ishmael j " I told you I. knew. 1 You thought 'you "wfeie alone tonight ' Wsil, yoa weren't; I followed, r saw you enter the .cave, J saw jou^ake the 'will from its hiding place. * You have it now—giveit to me."_„ , - , " Then you'fient thzt* -' • -", " Yes, 1-sent the "letter. You" see, my, : plans were jepdy," J dofi't miai'telUSg yon tMi aeiri IwoftMSi* Iwrt yon nhonW ^»off, [ made sure that the letter would fetoh you, and it has." " Vou scheming demon I" cried Beuben, maddened by the cool mockery of his tormentor. . " Yes, weVye both schemed. I to gain my rights, you eo keep what was never yours. But I schemed best,. Yon are too. much of a coward to be successful in what you do; Your nerves are of pntty, mine of steel; There's the difierehce." Ishmael held him in the .same steady grip, never missing a single movement of his body. " It wasn't a will. I took/' Said Beuben. "It was something which does not': affect you in the sUghtest degree, But I'll get'you wha,t you want. • Come to me in the morning and you shall have it." " It wouldn't be convenient for me to come in the morning," said Ishmael mockingly,- :"you see, I'm so much interested in those Lelant mines. Ever since you were so anxious, through Squire BetaHiek, to put five hundred pounds lid them for me, those mines ha,ve had a •wonderful -fascirir ation,"|and he laughed a low, bitter langh. Beuben writhed as he heard this, taunt. The young maa had seen through his every movement. " Besides," Ishmael went on," I've a very, strong : desire tosee whiit jrou tod£ from the cave, jit must have a curious history, and as you say it. does not affect me, there can be no possible objection." . . Beuben hesitated a minute, then lie fcaid huskily— — . " Very 'well; you shall see it." Ishmael loosened his grip somewhat then, and Beuben .who had anticipated, this, made a'sudden straggle, and slipped from his grasp. . He made a'wild leap forward, and fledfor life! A minute later he was hurled to the ground with terrible force, "Very well," said Ishmael 5 "since one way will- not succeed another -must be tried."! ; With no-gently hand she, itore the:coat open, aiid took the packet away from the. prostrajbe' man at. his-feet. -31e piitTit bis own pocket, and . buttoned his .coat carefully over it, while Beuben,. who had been stunned by the fall, rose slowly to his feet. [ By this time Ishmael was becoming excited. ; His eyes gleamed' red, and hie hands quivered with passion. Every nerve was highly strung. At la it he was victorious) Long years he had been waiting for this time, waiting, watching, and scheming. Now that he had found the will the lands were hie, and to him that meant home, happiness, heaven I He felt that he possessed a great treasure, and the man or men who took it from him would have a terrible work before them. He no longer felt that he could mock Beuben; he wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, bitter words. Sfcilljhe retained command over himself, and acili watched the man he had eo far guered, But the battle was not ended yet. j " Giye that back," cried Beuben. " It is not yours; it ie mine." " Prove it yours at a court of law, then.' " Yes, I willand if there is a law in the land you shall suffer for this, you thieving, murdering " "Worde are cheap, namoa are cheap," said Ishmael. " I teel like calling you namesJ You who hav6 ruined my mother's life an& blighted mine. You who for fiveand- iwfenty years have grown fat on what has "neter belonged to you, you who have tried TO ruin my prospeotB, my life, you who have embittered my hea,rt, and made the eaifth black. But never mind, the day of reckoning has come, and now we shall sea who will win. Perhaps when you iie in a felon's cell, and your children are cursed py your evil deeds, you will know that you made a bad bargain when you sold your soul to the devil in order to rob a defenceless girl of her rights. But you'll suffer. You have Buffered for £veand-twenty years and you will Buffer to the end." 1 " Aad do you fihink-yoa-willTipt suffer . tooP" dried Beuben. " Do you think you will have all things m your way. If I,sold mysouito the devil,haven'tyouf Haven't; you given yourself over to hate, and cruelty, for revfinge ? Which is the worse, you or IP I buffered for twenty-five years, you say; y£s, and you will Buffer .as long as you live, if I've sown lies, you've sown hate, and God will make you reap hell, as he has made me reap it." Beuben Penwithen seemed to forget himseli as he said this. For a minute me eyes were opened to truth, and he saw things'in a new light. Even Ishmael's hearc Quailed , as he heard the words, which jne somehow felt were true. Bui only for a moment. " I know nothing of your theology," he said ; '{ it is not in my a line. . I'll get my ! rights,piid"ris£ bli the rest. I'll get those I love in the old house, and rejoice that yeu reap what you've gown in a felon's cell; and' after that on a-—-" Yoii never will-5" cried -Eeubeh, a newlight flashing in his eyes for- a moment; "The tilling you've taken from me'is'fOrgedj' it is as! worthless as the pager oh ; which it is written. Michael Penrose never made a will." r ' Tshaiael laughed. •"I'll chance that,Beuben Penwithen; and if! 1. were you I would think a little before' I made eilly etatementa. You Bhbuldjhave watohed old Margery Goudge moro cloEely. You should have listened to her cojnverations witb old Sally Grigg when she was dying. Death frightens people,' it'makes them tell." " What do you mean P" gasped Beuben. «Mean. I mean chat Margery Goudge. made, a confession on her death-bed. Sbe wtote 'on a piece of paper shortly before dying the truth about old Michael's will; she signed it with her own hand, and old Sally witnessed it. I've got that confession), Eeuben. Penwithen. Do you think I'd dare to match myself with you until 1 was .prepared? For yeara l've been waiting tor this. X ehould iiave tried this means 1 of getting the will before; only X knew you would bring up your forgery etory." • "The confession is a forgery tool" yelled Beuben, "the whol6 thing is trumped up I" "We'll see," said Ishmael. "As it heppena, Bally ii still living. -V«ry weak, true ^utsBecLBlble, .quite ainhble. If V were a cauting-hypobrite'ake you, and went to Ohapel like yondo, I should say that there was truth in that taying about the wheels of God grinding slowly; but grinding«*xb*ed-! ing small." During this time they had bein standing face to face, cach watcmng the other, each trying to sea the -weakness in each other's armour, but at these last words of Ishmael "-oben seemed to lose all control over him-: frantic leap at tha young andmadlv ^J? West the wUl from him.' ^ W « f man, and had been trained ul The jit of wrestling. Moriover, his strengife « ^ time was the rtwngth of despair. iX he couldoncagetthewilltiackagiua^aadiiurn it, there would "be hopB even yet. Ana is -struggled with a ghastijr, sunnatnraV utrength. But he had matched -himself; with a man fat stronger than himself. The looielj-bmlt, raw-bontd, ungainly youth had grown to bo as atrong a« a young giant. Every physical feat that icould fbe -attempted during the years h* had attempted,'; every possible me^ns: .of strengthening to body he had ueai, : until his smews became like steel. "Besides, if Beuben had something to struggle for, to hi,dhe ; and so the battle ^proved -unequal. . Again - the older man lay on the ground, an inert mass, while Ishmaei stood over liim, - his great :fiBtg clenched, "No,iBeuban"Penwitfen," he said, "you •aM^'-^'.^rfa'-Wwws-to'ideal- «ith:v«i!M time, did yon? I'm,not eo easily-thrown ov«r a cliff. Ha J ha 1" «nd his mocldng laugh made Behwithen's fleshcreap. it's a lie I" he cried in agony, feeling; ^ow closely'the net of hii deitruction Tvas bang drawa around hi», " Ijt'j a lie"?" ThenW eyes Ji«d. 1 ww yon, T>ut J didn'J; get up soon enough to 'top the 'deed; 1 Ob. J've a strong cm, tesA world shall -A felo^jjeUl Ah', I t»rget, it'll b. tbegallowi-l" "You jCan't prove it l Bead men can't: speak ?" "That'*.true, and Fraser's dead, isn't he But people tell things before they die. As it happened,. the cliff was far. from perpendicular th«re, and his fall was-broken. So I igefred to the .beach by- a pathway near, and found him bruised and battered,' '" Than he's not dead; thank God for thati"- , , " People don't fall-that distance and live lqng, ,! ;jtjtolial Ishmael. " Bats I carried him to ijicl dejrpribs'd; on paper what youhad'tlbne, and he'wrote his nfime to it, and it -was .witnessed, and not by me only.", \- Bedbln-Penwithen.rose to his feet Blowly. No longer was there wild passion in his eyes, but a"l<j;jt of jsulleii despair. An unnatural ; co;lm seemed to relit upon him, and all desire 'for stru^gl^-wsngone., ' "Ver^.well, I®limael," hesaid; "youye done wlmt you' aimed to do. You've worked my des^actiion ;. yoa've rained the lives of my 'children. I've done all I could", aad -you've Conquered; I robbed Judith and depmvedMer, and, Judith's son was reared for vengeSiica.' Well; you've' got it. Never mind; I've lived in hell,' so will you. I've sinned for-self and greed and pride, and aft.erwar.4s ; for the. love of my children ; ybu'have liihiied in hatred and cruelty and revenge,, j You have won the battle; but youUlriieit." lBhjnad listened like one in a dream. It deemed at though a cold hand-were-laid on his heattjts &euben; spoke, and he could not B^jrr.^-v? • • •'I'm going *back to Penwithen," Beuben went oh: "1 -shall not inhabit it long, but I must go lack now; You can do your worst; it doesn't matter, it's only a little while." He wehtaway without speaking another word. i ishmael stood and watched him. By this time the sky had become clear, and the. mi>on shone .^brightly.. He walked like anoldman.^ .Sometimes he reeled. Still, he madejlus way to thg hoKie. where his .children ltry, and through.ttie lands .which he had sinned to obtain »nd to keep, Presently: lBhmael ;gave: a sigh. His joy now was not so .great 'iu he had expected, but there wa8,a feeling"of grim , satisfaction in his heart. • ' "At last, at last;" he. murmured, "and now it's all. mine,-all' mine. How pleased mother will be, ay, and how pleased Graoe will be, It ehall be her home, her lauds; together we, will enjoy it, When I've finished thiB work I will find her, and the I shall be'able to rest," Then he wandered away towards Coombshead, hugging to his body the words old Michael todwritten before he, Ishmael, was bom. As for Reuben, he went baak like one stunned. The Bin of twenty-five years was discovered, and proved. Boon it would be known to the world, soon his name would be a by-word among the people, and hiB children despiegd and avoided. All his care to make his position was in vain now, all his aristocratic acquaintances would elose their •toors against him. And he deserved it. Well, well, it would not ba for long, After all, his ,only grief now was for his children. It was hard that they should suffer for him, out so it was. Oh, it had been a weaiy, weary straggle, and-it had ended in defeat; terrible d«feat, and disgrace. And suppose it had ended in victory, what thenf Ah, the game was not worth the candle. He had been far happier, far better as Beuben Penwithen, of Oarloggas, than as Beuben Penwithen, Esq., owner of Penwithen. Strange as it may seem, he scarcely regretted that the will was taken from him. Concealed guilt, with a constant fear of discovery, was but little better than discovered guilt. All would be known soon, but he would not know what the world said.. He was determined oh that. . , He entered Penwithen House in the same stolid way, and, as if; by instinct,, turned towards th.6 library, .where he had brooded so many hours. He aat down, inthe old arm chair, and remaiiied motionless for hours; then he rose -up-Bail, opening his desk, began to write. He rapidly scribbfe&a.dQzen.; pages, then-read them, as if he waited to see whether he had expressed his .thoughts oorrectly. When he had. done this, he threw all he had written into the firo,and began again. This time he did not write so much, just a couple .of pages of note-paper. " That mil do," he said. when. he. had finished! " I cannot confess my guilt to them, I can only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will gloat over their suffering, he will laugh at their disgrace." Calmly he folded the paper, and placed it in an envelope, which ha carefully sealed.' Then.lie wrote in a clear, steady hand:—• " For my.boy Bertie, And my maid Grace. To be read' when I am gone. Slay the Lord have mercy upon them and upon me. ' Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also'reap."' He placed the note inside the desk, but he did not lock it. ... "Thjjy will be sure to turn to it," he said. "Andthey will have no difficulty in guessing the rest." He. sank back in his chair again, and began tobrood; • Evidently he was thiiiking deeply; and Weighing some dre'ad alternative,- for spasms of pain often revealed themselves in his face, his hands twitchednervously. , " Yes, it is best," he mused, presently, "it- must be best. . When I am dead, people will, pity : the ohildron. ' ' Poor young things!' tliey will.say, ' they cannot -: help it.' if I live they will have more to bear. No, I will cursB them as"little as i can. Besides, people often pity a criminal after he's hanged." . He went to a cupboard and unlocked it, chen he tookfrom there an old- pistol;. It was an antiquated weapen, but deadly notwithstanding, and he looked at it calmly, curiously; After this he took a powder flask and a shot-bag from the cupboard. He carefully measured but the powder and emptied, it -into the barrel of the pistol, cautiously knocking the stock so that the powder might come : back to the With a steady, hand he ramm« 5 it wsrpowder, and Mterwards poured t»z into his hand They were L-, ; buckshot„and four: of-these ho .'g-laosd it. the .pistol, and pressed them down as wsoii? as if.loading his gun for a day's .giKKeiqr. .fhen ihe placed a cap on the presBing it carefully down with the -y-V JU Che pistol. „ '"bShere," "he Baid, "I'think 1 .-rj,*!,a rii ifeaay 5 aadas Jar as I know there 1 . 1 < to wait for.' > A tar-away look came into his i^-, at,. his Bps trembled. « "And this is the end," he v.rr^rw.' '^theendofaUjnysohemlug,allii-rvl;.G!!ws, ailmy feara. hauled before that the judge] me. that i;have a murderer; > Tea, a: good -deal bettor W«U,4et Jfchis be the-end : • He lifted the pistol in his hand. '•What will it be afterwards P'-' hs tered, "what, I wonder? Well> 1 EM'lr ! outsidethe4oor,-Hebadforgofcteii.tfea the night hadjpassed and that the rfio: had come, and so did not know th&t; *»*.c servants had entered the kitchen; 1, 1 1 1, a noise aroused him. " Well, it's time enough, it'r amef ®to 1 fifJSdSt eZghfb,? i? I keep it handy through the day. Kb (for.bt, he's at work, and soon they'll : bs> -.fceis Well, they'll not find much wht"J tues copie; I'll take oare of that." Quickly he locked the iupboa-a, 'i"0. •made :the room tidy; then noisleussj ba. •went to his bedroom, and washed aiuimf and brushed Ms clothes. This ow.'' hi aeemed to be fighting a great batt'e ivilh himBelf; but the matter in his mLi<s vantoon settled. J "' < c Yes, I'll go down and meet tbe»a. ^ wantthemtothinkas kuadlyofmew tliey-j em", be MiM««ared( sod after mirhUfy hearing voices in'the dining-room, lie descended, and' there'greeted B'eriie cheerfully, and kissed Grace 1 affectionately. Through the. breakfast hour, too, he chatted pleasantly, although he constantly looked ont of the window and towards the door,-as though expecting visitors. . After breakfast,'he. ;again went to the library, pleading that he had much te do, and there he, sat throughout the day, listening* -watching,.and thinking.. To his surprise, he had ho callers,. All went on as, usual. His lunch, was. Brough to the library! b'ut the servants acted just as usual. Evidently notliling had-feiache'd their ears.. Still, at pvery sound he grasped his pistol, and theh when'he kiiew, tl&t; nVs one had Come, he would'drop it again witli a sigh of relief.,, " Life is very'sweet, after all," he would murmur, "and I would like to live, and atone for the'past, if only for the children'-s sake. But it cannot' he. He can - show no mercy; and so it's only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." Presently the jdarkness came -on, and still no sign of Ishmael, no sign of callers. It was not like him to.be- so. tardy:—what ,waa the meaning of iff , Well, he would go out, and take a last look at' the home and. land, The. moon .shone clearly, and he could see better, to-night; The clouds had: gone, the night wai froBty, He went out into the night, and- locked 1 lovingly at-the old grey walls, andat the oldfashio'nedgarden; then, feeling stronger with the freahairj h? went into the -lane,' and, a: i impelled by hn over- maBtering impulse,*he walked towards Tintagel, It was a long walk, biitihe.ieaohad the village at lengthy and entered the Boacastie road, "I can't help it," he said.to himself, "I must go." He -burried along as though he had an important engagement to keep; and 'by-and-by a look of delirium came into his'eyes,- Then he laughed a'wildj frehzied laughV " - '•Yes; we'll float together, float togethar side,by sid^l And,tbe,waves .will :tos8 us, And The- fishiwill «at ;ugj ,a'nd( ;we. ; ;shall.';be: beaten against »hg rocks together." He-had forgotten what Ishmael had laid,, for the time he was mad, Bemorae, despair, had for the time unsettled his mini. He came tothe spot 'where he and John Fraser nad struggled, Where he found a pathway' down tha cliff, He stood on a rock, while n the sea surged at his feet. Standing there alone, his frenzy left him, and he became sullen and remorseful again. "He's at work, at work," he thought; " very likely the police are at the house by now. Of course, it took some time for him to get the warrant. What'll the children say ? Oh, it's hard to die 1 And yet I threw him over. Ho must have fallen just here." He fancied he heard voices on the heights above him, and the thought that came tohie mind was that Ishmael and the polica had followad him. " They shall never have me I" he cried, " never i" and he plunged into the sea. He sank into the deep waters, and the waves rolled over him, while the pale moon shone brightly, and the stars crept out- one by one. To be Conformed. 