[?] FATED TO SIN : A JEWISH MUSICIAN'S STOEY. ClIArTllll XIII, I don t know lion- many hoars nflor- ivurds I nwoko, Gradually, as conscious- . noss assorted itsolf, I rcaliiod that some body was playing a violin 1'n4 tho adjacent room, and nt length it strnok me that it mast bo Morivute practising. I pricked lip my oars and listonod. Oh yos, ho was running over his part of tho last now composition wo hail studied. Tho olook- liko tick-laok of his inotronomo marked tho rhythm. I lay still and listonod till ""d repeated tho samo pliraso somo twonly limos. Finally I got up and crossed tho threshold that divided us. Mcrivalo kopt 011 playing for a minulo or two, unaware of my intrusion. Hot till it bo hoved him to turn tho pago did ho . , , yeSt Then, encountering my night-robed figure, thoy lighted up with inornuiont. Thoir ownor lowered his instrument, remained silent for 11 moment, of laught rRaV Tnt uProa"ou" P<«il 'What aro you laughing nt?" I Btammerod. . Whon bo hnd got bis hilarity somewhat undor control bo replied, "At you. Como una gazo upon yourself." And, conduct- wg mo to a mirror, snhl. wtini isn't that a funny sight P" . ' ' I looked slcopy tlmt was all. My hair nus awry and my oyos wore heavy, anil my costumo was a trillo wrinklod. Still, I supjioso, my . general . nppoarnnco was suflio iontly ludiorous. Bo that as it may, L21n i1li1' joininB in Morivnlo's . inughtor, and thus put into good humour nt tho outset, I cheerfully complied with Ins request to hasten through my toilet und ' como and liddio with him." book' 8 a'ttr"10r'' '10 S 1 tlio AVo read for a white in concort. As usual my arm scorned to swing of its desperate will, I myself becoming all .but eomutoso. By-and-by I perceived that .Mcrivalo had discontinued, and was seated at ono side with his instrument upon his knccsr Tlien l porooivod that I was no lougor following tho book. I closed my oyos and listonod. As usual I heard tho voico of my violin very much as though some other porson had hoon tho porform'er. 1 louud that I was ploying a lot of bits from memory. I hoard tho light quick tread of n gavotte which I had learned as a. bov and moantimo almost forgotten ; I hoard snatches from tho chants tho C/iurran sings m tho synagogue ; I hoard 1'Iowor Song from Faust mixing itsolf up with a rocitativo from Zoheiigrin. Thon I hoard U10 passionate wail of uhopin bocomo predominant ; the exquisite melody of tho Berca'ao, motives from Les ' - n('lscs< ®ud at longth tho Impromptu m O-sbarp minor-that to which I havo ..alluded in the early part. of this nnrrativo .. as dosoriptivo of Voronika. Following it cnino tho songs that Voronika herself had been most proao to sing— Bizot, Porgolosi, . lumnnn, morsels of Gorman folk liede, old French romances. And over and \- nnon thftfc tinmen frnm ; i.. irept recurring. Everything olso scorned . to load up to it. It terminated a brilliant pa.sago by Iiszt. It cropped out in tho imddlo of a thomo from tho Mcistersiuncr. And with its every now recurrence, tho piotoro of Voronika whioh it prosontod to my imagination grow mora life-liko and palpablet until ere long it was almost as though I saw her standing near - mo in substantial objootivo form. As I have s, ' I scarcoly realised that it was I who played. Excopt for -tho sensation- alone my wrist as tho bow bit tho cat-gut, I behove I should bavo quite forgotton it. But now abruptly, without tho least . .volition upon my part, my arm acquired a fioJi vigor. Tho voico of .my violin . increased in volume. 3 bo character of tlio musio underwent a clmngo. From a medley of fragments it turrioa to a cohoront, continuous wliolo. Nolo suc ceeded note in natural and inevitable scquonco. I tried to recognise tho com position. I could not. It was quite un familiar to mo. Odd, bocanso of coarse at some tunc I must havo practised it again and ogam. Otherwise bow had I been nblo. to play it now? . It flowed from tho brings without.hitoh op hesitancy. Yot my host offorts to placo ifc were ineffectual. -Uonbly.odd, booauso it Was no ordinary composition. It had a striking individual ity of its own. .It bogan with laughter-provoking sohprzo, as dainty as tho pattering ol April rain-drops, as riotous as tiio frolick ing oi children lot looso from school which, by dogrces, tempering to a quietor . ollogro, presently modulated into tho minor, and necQssnrily, lliorofore, bocomo plnintivo and sontimontal. For a whilo bar 6Uccocdcd bar. fitful and mirlninnniniui as if groping blindly for a climax. Hoxt a quiok, fluttering croscondo, and on'oxultant Plajor chord. This completed tho first moi oinoDt. Tho second began pianissimo u. > upon tho' Hand J2 strings, an allegrotto lull of placid contoniniont 5 again, n minor modulation; again, blind groping, for a chinas, this time moro strenuous tlian bofore, tinged by a passion,- impelled by an insfthablo.dosiro; adagio on and J D, .still minor; thon a swift return to major, u leap of tho bow and Angora back to A und M, and„ on thoso strings a rhapsody _ cxprcssivo of tho utmost possiblo human .1., 3y.- Third movement andante, sobor, but still joyous; tho music, wbiob hitherto had bcou restless and destitute of un apparent aim, seemed to havo caught a purpose, to havo gained sabstanoo and conudonco m itself; Itprocooded in this wioO for. soyoral- periods, whon sharply, without tho faintest warniug,.it broke into' a discordant shriek of laughter, the laughter of n demon whoso evil dosigns liad triumphed. Though I had not recognised the com position up to this point I had understood it porfcotly Its intrinsic lucidity carried tho intelligence along, But-honcoforward I was. mystifiod. Tho roason for. tho violtmt.ohango of theme, timo. and quality, , I could not divine; nor could I upprcciato, uithor, how tho subsequent effeots woro produced, or what thoy wero mcaut to signify. My impression was, as I have Baid, that tho laughter whioli my violin scombd to bo ocuoing was domoniao laughter, tho outburst of, a Satan ovor his buocoss, of a Succubus fastening upon his . 'h® next instant I was doubtful .whether it -was indbod laughtor at all. Was not porlinps tho hysterical sobbinf .of a human being fronziod by grief? Anc again, tlio noxt jnstant, uoithor o£-theso couooptions appenrod to bo tho corroct ouo. Was it, not rather a ehorusP— a chorus of .wilelios P— plotting somo fiendish atrocity P < -nowwhisporing amicably together, now ( : wrangling ferociously, now uniting iu , blood'Curdling sproams of delight P What- . . .ovor it might bo, I could notponotrato its " sonao. I listoned with deopening perplex- .--ity, I wishod it would como to an oud. , But it did not occur to mo to stop my arm and lay asido my bow. Tlio . music wont on and on-until Morlvalo caught mo by tho shoulder and snatcliod my violin from juy grasp. -Ho was speaking. Tho doscont baok to oarth was too abrupt. It took mo somo time to gathor myself togothor. "Kh — what wero you saying P" 1 asked at la&t.; 'I was saying, stop 1 Considora fellow's nervous system. Whoro in the namo of Luoifor did you loam that infernal music? "Whom is it by P' ' Oh,' I answered, oh, I don't know whom it is by.' ' It out-Borliozes Berlioz,' ho added. (Is it his?' " 'I'erlmps. I don't remember. I am tired. Let mo rest a moment without talking.' 'Well,' ho continued, it was a tcrriblo strain to listen to it. I am quito played out — fool as if — forgiro tho comparison — ns if I lmd spent tho last liour in a dentist's ohntr. Howovcr, for rcliof's sake, let's go to dinnor. Are you nwaro that wo havon't eaten anything sinco early morning P' . After dinner Mcrivalo insisted that wo should tako a long walk ' to shako out tho kinks,' and nftor tho long walk wo wero tired onotigh to roturn to our pillows. I wont straight to sleep ; but my sleep was troubled. As soon as Mcrivalo had said good-night and extinguished tho gas, momory bogan to repeat tho music I had playod. I heard it throughout my sloop. Srory litLlc.whilo I would wako up and try to banish it by fixing my attention on other mattors. But it kept thrumming away in my brain dospito myself. I could not silence it. Mcrivalo's rcforcnoo to a dentist's chair was, if inologant, at least a graphic one. I got as hopolossly irritaiod as I could havo douo with a score of dentists simultaneously grinding at my tcotb. My vory artorios socmod to bo beating to its rhythm. In ono Ut of wake fulness, that lusted longor than its pre decessors had done, I found mysolf un consciously tattooing it upon tho wall at my bed's head. 'Is that you?' Merivalo's voico domanded from out of tho darknoss. ' Yob/ Iropliod. 'Aren't you asleopP' 4 Morcy, no. That music you playod — or rather stray fragments of it, kcop running through my brain. I havon't been aulo to slocp for a long while.' That's singular. It affects nio tho samo way. I was just drumming it on. tho wall. I've bcon trying to got rid of it all night/ ' It has wonderful staying power, for a fact. I'm glad you'ro awake, though. Companionship in misery is swcot/ ' Yos, I also fool rather moro comfortabld now that yon havo spoken. Do you know, it's an immense puzzle to me, that musio? I oan't imagino whoro or whon I ever learnt it. And yot it is not tbo sort of thing one would bo apt to forget. I oan't recogniso tho stylo oven, can't get a cluc to' tho composer.' 'Tho stylo is emphatically that of Borlioz.' ' Perhaps so. ' But it can't be by Berlioz boeauso I hover learned anything by Berlioz at all/ ' Hum !' A pause. Then, 1 Say. Lcxow— ' 'Well?' ' It isn't possiblo that it's original is it ?' Original? How do you moan ?' 'Why, |an improvisation— a little thing o! your own/ 'Oh no, oh no, I never improvise — at least an entire composition,. Uko that. Nobody does. It bears all tho marks of caroful workmanship. It must bo some thing well known that has temporarily slipped from my momory, It's too strik ing not to bo woll.knowQ. To-morrow I'll go through my music and And it ; and I'll wager it will tarn out to be quite familiar. Only, it's extremely, odd that I can't place it.' ' Why wait till to-morrow ? ' Why, wo can't begin to- night, can we?' 'Why not? I say, let's begin right off. Tho- cursed thing is kcoping.us awake, and tlioro doesn't soom to bo any oscapo from it. Wo may as well utilise our wakefulness, as lio hero doing nothing but toss about. I say, let's light tbo gas and go to work/ ' Ob, well, I'm agrooablo. Tho sooner the bettor, as far as I'm coucornod/ ' Good,' cried Morivalc. IIo sprang out of bed and lighted tho gas. Shall Mahomot go to tho mountain, or shall tlio mountain como to Mahomot?' ho inquired, blinking his eyes. ' What do you mean ?' ' I mean shall wo dross and adjourn to tbo othor room ? Or shall I bring your musical library hero, so that wo can conduct our investigation without, getting up P' . ' J nst as you please/ I answerod. ' Well, wo'U movo the mountain, tbon/ ho said, and loft the room. Homadotwo or throe trips, back and forth, bearing an armful of musio as tho fruit of each.- Tho last folios dopositod on tho floor, 'Now, as to method,1 lie inquired How shall wo start?. It will oeoapy us till doomsday if wo undertake to go inrougu-iiuo wuoio or nus. j. suppose thero are somo composers wo can eliminate d priori, oh P' ". 'Oh yes; Boothovon, Mondelssohn, Wagner, Liszt, iu particular, wo noedu't troublo with. I'd keep an especially- sharp, eyooutfor Bubinstoin, and Dvorak and! Wibniawski. It's fortunate that - I'vo presorvod all tbo musib I'vo ever owned. Wo can't miss it if wo'rb only patient enough/ -'- 'Well, hero goos/ lio oriod, thrusting a thiolc piloi of musio into my hands,', and! apportioning an-equal amount to hicbsblf. Wo wero industrious. It is noodloss that I should tarry with the incidents of; our search. At daybroak wo bad not yot- quito finished/and wo had not. yot struck: anything that bore tho slightest rosom- blanco to tho composition in quostiou. ' But littio remains,' said Morivalo. ' In another ftvo minutos wo will-have, found it, or my first hypothesis was truo/ . 'Your first hypolhosis PXitiquir'pd. . 'Yes— that it was original— a lucubra- ion of your own/ - / ' Oh, that, I tell you,, isn't possible. I'm : not vain onouph to iinagino that I could' improvise in such stylo, thank you/v . ' Woll, wo won't ontor a dispute, at. any rate, not till our present lino of investi gation is exhausted. Back to tho saddlo !' For a space wo wero silent. ' Mh hicn,mon brave1 . cried- Merivnlo, at length. ' There gock tho last of my half/ and ho sent a shoot of musio flutter ing through tlio air. / ' ' And hero is tho last of mine,' I re sponded, laying down Sokumann's-TFar»m. ' And wo aro still in tho dark.' . ' ' Still in the dark/ 'It isn't possiblo that we havo over looked it?' ' I'm sure I haven't. I took pains with oaoh soparato page/ ' ' Likewise, I, Theroforo I congratulate you. I'll order a laurel wreath at the florist's, tho Orst thing aflor breakfast.'- 'Nonsonse! How many times' need I tell you that I could not by hook or erook havomadoit up as I wont along? Tho raoro notion is ridiculous. It must havo got lost, that's all/ ' On tho contrary, tho notion that you onco learned it, tbo.n forgot it, thon. playod it off without a fault , from beginning to I ond, is trebly ridiculous. It.was ridiculous' of us . to wasto' bur timo Bunting, for it yours. Why nol ? Ideas havo como to othor pooplo— why not to you ? Yoslcrdny whilo you played, you woro excited and wrought up, and tho result was that you had an inspiration. By -love, you're lucky! It's enough to make you famous.' But, Mcrivalo, funcy tho absurdities you aro uttering Do you soriously sup- poso anybody— oven a regular composer — could tako up his fiddlo and reel off a complicated thing liko that without onco halting P Why, mnn, there are fonr or fivo distinct movoments. You might as well prclond that a moro elocutionist could write an intricato opio poem without onco pausing to make an crasuro or find a rhyme, as that I, a simple instrumentalist, couid hnvo dono this.' 'Well, there's only ono way of settling tho matter. Wo'U refer it to an authority. You jot down a fow spcoimon bars on paper, and I'll submit it to your friend, Dr. llodolph. Of course ho will identify it nt onco if it isn't yours.' ' If thut will satisfy you, woll and good/ I assented. In the courso of tho foronoon, Morivale, having proourcd a stock of music-paper at a shop in .tlio neighborhood, said— ' I don't know bow rapidly a man can writo musio, but if it isn't too slow work, I'd seriously cotinsol you to put down tbo wliolo thing, while you'ro about it.. In fact, I'd counsol you to do so anyhow. If by hazard it is original, you know, you'd better mako a memorandum of it whilo it's still fresh in your mind. Othorwiso you migut torgot it. Tuat ottcn Happens to me. A bright idea, a felicitous turn of phraseology, occurs to mo whon I am away somowhore— in tlio horso-cars, at tho theatre, paying a call, or what not — and if I don't mako an instant minute of it in my note-book, it's saro to fly off and never bo heard from again. ' 'We'll sco/ I rcturhod. 'I haven't written a bar of musio for such a long whilo that I don't know how bard I shall find it. But I used to mako a daily practice of writing from memory, boeauso it in creases ono's faoility for sight-reading.' I hnmniod tho first two or thrco phrasos softly to myself, boating timo with my fingers, then drew up to tho writing-table and commenced to set tbom down. At tho outset I bad considerable difficulty, was obliged, so to speak, to spell my way along note by note, and committed several blunders whioli I bad to go baok to and cor rect. But gradually my path grew smoother and smoother, until I was no longor conscious of effort ; and at last I bocamo so much absorbed aud so much interested by what I doing that my hanjl sped across the paper liko a machine performing tbo rogular function for which it was contrived/ 1 suppose mental activity always begets mental exhilaration ; and that mental exhilaration in turn, when allowed to attain too high a pitch, always approaches tlio borderland of its antipodes on the prineiplo that extremes mcot. . At any rate, sucn was my oxpcricnco in tbo present instance. At first, both mind and fingers woro sluggish, and moved labori ously. Thon mind got into running order and fingers lagged behind ; then fingers caught up with tho mind, and for a while tho two kopt apace ; then, "finally, fingers spurted ahead, and it was mind's turn to acknowlcdgo itsolf loft in tho rear. Mental exhiloration gavo placo to bowtldermont, as I saw that my hand was forging along faster than my thought could dictate, in apparent obedience to an independent will of its 'own — which bewilderment ripened into thorough-going mystification, as the band dashed forward and baok like a shuttle in a loom, with a velocity that seemed over to be increasing I bad prcoisoly tho sensation of a man who has started to run down a hill, and whoso logs havo acquired such a momoutum that ho cannot stop thorn : on and on ho must submit to bo borno until somo outsjdo obstacle interferes, ovon though a yawning chasm await him at tho bottom. Towards the end I soarcoly saw tho paper on which I was. writing : I- am sure I saw nothing of tho matter that I wrote. I said to my self. ' OE course, you will find that all this stuff is incoherent and meaningless when you got through.' But I waited passively till my hand should got through of its own accord, I mado no endeavor to draw tho rein upon it. Eventually "it camo to a standstill with a round turn. I was quito winded. I needed leisure in which to recover my equilibrium. Morivale— of whose presenoo I had be come oblivious — crossed over and began gathering tho scattered shoots .of paper from tho tablo. Tho sight of him holped to bring mo to myself. 'Well/ 1 said, 'thero it is. I don't suppose you can road it. I got so-- excitod I hardly know what I was about/ That's all right/ bo nnsworod," re assuringly. -'I am much obligod toyou for the trouble you'vo taken. But what/ he added, abruptly, 'but what is all this - that, you havo writton?'. - (Why, what. do you fancy? Tlio music, of course, that you askod mo to. '.No, no, I mean this writing, this text, with which you have woundup?' ; 'Writing? Text? What aro you driving at?' 4 Why, hero— this;' ho said, handing mo tho papor. , - . . /Mercy upon mo!' I exclaimed thorough ly amazed ' I was not aworo that I had written anything.'" - : — /Tho last half dozen pagos . woro covered with written words— blotted, 'scrawling, scarcely decipherable, but , 'unmistakably writtoh words. i ''Well certainly, this is most astonish ing. / Whaiovor it is, I havo written it unawares/ I. dropped tho mannsoript and loanod baok in my choiri 'dumbfouhdod by this latest dovolopmont. 1 Hero,' said Morivale, ' is tho point whore tbo musio onds and 'tho .words begin/ ' The musio ended, tho words bogan, ust at that point whoro last night tho shriek of malovolont laughter-had intorforod with tbo curroiat of melody. From that point to tbo tbo bottom of tho last pago not another. bar .'of musib was discernible — nob h noto of tho incomprehensible witches' chorus — simply words, words that I dared not read. _ ' 'This iomagio, this is ghost- work/ I said. 'It appals mo. Look at it, Morivale. Doos it mako sense?. Or is it simply a mass of scribbling without rhymo or reason?' ' Ye-os,' rejoined Morivalo, slowly, 'It seoms to mako sense. Tho ponmanship is protty blind, but tho words appear to hang, togothor. It begins, 'I walked ro — re— reluctantly — next word very bad — ' I walked reluctantly — reluctantly — away' — oh yes, that's it— 'away — from tho— houso/ By Jovo, ' this "it singular! .Shall Igo.on?' ' Yes, go ou/'I said,'fuiutly. '.There was panic in my heart. - Morivalo continued/ picking his way laboriously. Tho ..following is what bo road. . ' To. bo Continual "he— All, my dear, if you only knew how exccaBivcly fooiuh. you looked when you proposed to mo." Ho—" My dear, I not only looked a fool, I: was one." - 