FICTION. Tho Haunted Hand. By 1£. iS; Merrimun,in the" Idler" Uftn you got it under r ' Possibly,' answered the Captain ratlior curtly. He was curt ovon to hii intorlocutor — a privileged porson on board — a lull, fair man, with hair that whs almost colorless aud mnHuurs subtly suggestive of volvot ovor stool. Thoy both Btepped back a little from the forward hatch. The decks were getting too hot, despite the water that Aim lwwihuw tuts ouuppuro. xu wus very unfortunate that tho Mahanaddy's cargo should havo ignited on this par ticular voyage — when the Persian Mission was oil board, and tho whole Press agog for their arrival at Plymouth. Tho Captain was mentally vowing that if he had any influence whatever with tho directors, and if the good old ship pulled through this, the Mahanaddy should never carry that cursed Egyptian cotton again. Tn the meantimo thoy were pounding through the Bay of Biscay in a grey warm gale of wind, such as dries the skin and sots tho nerve to tingle. They were heading straight for TJshant — tney were racing with tne hre that burnt inside the good ship like some fell dis ease. And she, ub if she had sense and knew her danger, lifted her great black prow to tho horizon, and strained for ward through tho hissing sea. The pray thrown up by tho cut water dried immediately ou her hot sides, leaving the briuo on tho black paint. Between tho planks the pitch exuded, black and glistoning like jet. It stuck to the boots of tho men and officers, who worked like souls possessed — tirod.worn aud dirty. ' And if you don't get it under !' said the fair man, softly — he spoke as if his listener was in pain needing gentle treatment. Tho Captain glanced over the rail to tho wild sea, which seemed to gloat over thoir trouble, and Bhrugged his shoul ders significantly. it is nwkward, admitted the other — and he smiled softly. As has beon previously mentioned, he was a privileged person. He wbb second in command of the Persian Mission, and. it was whispered in certain circles that he was second to none in that particular form of diplomacy which was his — namely, the management of Oriental potentates. His chief was below, in hie stateroom, penning one of those per fectly worded literary despatches for which he was famed. It seemed likely that this particular production was des tined to be picked up in a bottle by a sardine fisher of tho Morbihan — the work of a vanished hand— but that in tho estimation of the writer was no reason why it should not be worthy of his reputation. So he sat in the cabin of what seemed to be a doomed ship, and addressed his rounded periods to Her Majesty's Secretary for Foreign Affairs. 1 How are they getting on aft ?' said, tho Captain suddenly. ' Pretty well. The ladies havo found it all out though. Thoy see through our blandishments. They know that it is touch and go.' Tho Captain turned aside to give an uiuur iu uuu u l uie quarter-masters, and when that was oxocuted, there was no thing more to bo done. All that human brain could devise, human hands had executed. The hatches wero battened and covered deep in soaked canvag. The bulk heads were screwed close— the docks were kopt constantly undor water. The question was now whether the fire could be smothered or not, and the an swer was with fate. ' I wish,' said the Captain, ' that you would go aft and keep ap their hearts." The fair man laughed. ' k® Said. ' Give tham ' a a meal ? v ' Can't give them any more meals, tuey have just had lunch.' ' Well,' said the diplomat, ' I will ordor tea — it is a good thing to die on.' ' No — spin them a yarn or something. Distract thoir attention. It will be settled one way or the other in balf-an hour.' ' All right,' turning on his heel, ' I'll tell them a little story.' EJo lounged aft to where the ladies — there were only five of them— sat in a group, drew forward a chair and seated himself crossing one leg over the other and drawing up reflectively a creaselesa black sock. He made no pretence of concealment out of respect for tb» ladios, seeming to take it for grantedl that they all (including the three young girls) must know that somowhore the sock ends and the leg beginB. ' I have,' ho said, 1 been telling tha Captain a little story— an improving tale with no moral. Thoy lead a slow and monotonous life, these mariners ; I do my boat to relieve the dreariness of it.' 1 Toll us tho Btory,' said the Great Lady. She guessed that no questions were to bo asked.' ' It is,' lie oxplainedl 1 a horrible tale, A blood-curdling little narrative which THAI OUUUU Ul.Okt IU bUU uuyilgltu The throe young girls drew in their chairs, while tho men smiled serenely sum of their norves. 1 Tho sort of tale,' continued the narrator, ' to haunt you. It haunts me — not tho whole of mo — only that hand.1 i"aiBod in tho air Ins right arm, wd contemplated, reflectively, a frail, brownfingorod hand. ' That band,' ho added with a vague smilo, 'is haunted. It has a special ghost of its own. 1 sometimes wake up in tho uiglit nnd tho ghost is there. ' Thoy,' and ho slow'y curved his fingers, ' havo hold of it.' Aftor a littlo pause the haunted hand returned to the black sock. i'l'o be continued .) 