THE EBB TIDE. BY ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON AND LLOYD OSBOUKNE. CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) The firafc evening set the model for those that were to follow. Two cases of cham- f>agne scarce lasted the four and twenty lours, and almost the whole was drunk by Huisli and the captain. Huish seemed to thrive on the excess; ho was never sober, yet never wholly tipsy ; the food auu tnc sea air had soon healed him of his disease, and he began to lay on ffnsh. But with Davis things went worse. In the drooping, un buttoned figure that sprawled all day upon the lockers, tippling and reading novels, in tho fool who made of the evening watch a public carouse on the quarter deck, it would liavc been hard to recognise the vigorous sea man of Papeete Roads. He kept himself reasonably well in hand till he had taken the 6u», and yawned and blotted through his calculations ; but from the moment he rolled up the chart, his hours were passed in slavish self-indulgence, or in hoggish slumber. Every other branch of his duty was neglected, ex cept maintaining a stern discipline about the dinner tabic. Again and again Derrick would hear the cook called aft, and see him running with fresh tins, or carrying away again a meal that had been totally con demned. And the more the captain became sunk in drunkenness, the more delicate his nahite showed itself. Once, in the forenoon, lie had a bo'sun's chair rigged over the rail, stripped to his trousers, and went overboard with a not of paint. " 1 don't like the way this schooner's painted," said lie, " and I've taken a down upon her name." But he tired obit iu half-an-hour, ami the schooner went on her way with an incongruous patch of color on the stern, and the word 1 arallonc part obliterated and part looking through. He refused to stand either Lho middle or the morning watch. It was flue weather sailing, ho said ; and asked, with a laugh, 44 Who ever heard of the old man standing watch himself?" To the dead reckoning which Ilerrick still t ried to keep he would pay not the least attention, nor afford the least assistance. 41 What do we want of dead reckoning?" ho asked. 44 We get the sun all right, don't we r 14 We mayn't get it always, though," objected lierriek. 44 And you told mo your self you weren't sure of the chronometer." 44 Oli ! there ain't no llies in the chrono meter i" cried Davis. 4 Oblige me so far, captain," said IIcrrick> 1 stiffly. 44 1 am anxious to keep this reckon ing, which is a part of my duty ; I do not know what to allow for current, nor how to , allow for it. I am too inexperienced, and I beg of you to help inc." 44 Never discourage zealous officer," said the captain, unrolling the chart again, for Iloiiick had taken him over his day's work, and while he was still partly sober. 44 Here it is, look for yourself, anything from west to wcst-no'-thc-west, and anyways from five to twenty. five miles. That's what the A'm'ralty chart savs ; I guess you don't expect to get , on ahead of your own Britishers? 44 1 am trying to do my duty, Captain Brown," said Hernck, with a dark llusli, 41 and I have the honor to inform you that I don't enjoy being trifled with." 44 What in thunder do you want?" roared Davis. 44 Go and look at the blamed wake. If you're trying to do your duty, why don't you go and do it ? I guess it's no business of nunc to go and stick my head over the ship's lump. I guess it's yours. And I'll tell you what it is, my fine fellow, I'll trouble yon not to come the dude over me. You're in solent, that's what's wrong with you. Don't you crowd me, Mr. Derrick, Esquire." Derrick tore up his papers, threw them on the floor, and left the cabin. 41 He's turned a bloomin' swot, ain't he?" sneered Huish. 44 He thinks himself too good for his com pany, that's what ails Derrick, Esq.," rageil the captain. 44 Ho thinks I don't understand when he iconics the heavy swell. Won't sit down with us, won't lie? Won't say a civil word I I'll serve the son of a gun us he de- servcM. By God, Duish, I'll show him whether lie's too good for John Davis !" 44 Easy with the names, cap'," said Huish, who was always the more sober. 44 Easy over 1 he stones, my boy !" 44 All right, I will. You're a good sort, Huish. I didn't take to you at first, but I guess you're right enough. Let's open an other bottle," said the captain ; and that day, perhaps because he was excited by tho quarrel, he drank more recklessly, ancl by 4 o'clock was stretched insensible upon the locker. I Ilerrick and Huish supped alone, one after the other, opposite his Unshed uud snorting body. And if tho sight killed Derrick's hunger, the isolation weighed so heavily on the clerk's spirit that he was scarce risen from the tablo ere he was currying favor with his former comrade. Derrick was at the wheel when he approached, unci Huish leaned confidentially across the binnacle. 44 1 say, old chappie," lie said, "you and me don't seem to be such jials, somehow." Ilerrick gave her a spoke or two in silence ; his eye, as it skirted from the needle to the lull of the foresail, passed tho man by with out speculation. But Huish was really dull, a tiling he could support with difficulty, having no resources of his own. Tho idea of a private talk with Herriek at this stage of their relations held out particular induce ments to a person of his character. Drink besides, as it renders some men hyper-sensi- tive, inuclo Huish callous. And it would almost have required u blow to inako him quit his purpose. "Pretty business, ain't it," lie continued, Dyvis on the lush V Must say I thought you gave it 'im A1 to-day. He didn't like it a bit; took ou bawful after you were gone, i Ere,' savs I, 4 'old on, easy on the lush,' I says. "Lrriek was right, and vou know it. Give im ft chanst,' I says. 4'Uiah,' sez 'ce, don't you giinmc no more of your jaw, or 111 knock your bloomin' eyes out.' Well, wot can I do Merrick ? But I toll you, I don't arf like it. It looks to mo like tho Sea Rynger over again." Still Ilerrick was silent. 44 Do you 'ear me speak?" asked Huish, sharply. 44 You're pleasant, ain't you ?" 'Stand away from that binnacle," Baid Herriek. The clerk looked at him long, and straight, and black ; his figure seemed to writhe like that of a snake about to strike ; then lie turned on his haul, went back to the cabin and opened a bottle of chum- pague. When eight bells were cried he slept on the floor beside the captain on the locker; and of the whole starboard watch, only Sally Day appeared upon the summons. The mate proposed to stand tho watch wth him, and let Uncle Ned lie down ; it would make 12 hours on deck, and probably 16, but in this fair-weather sailing he might safely sleep between his tricks of wheel, leaving orders to be called on any sign of squalls, So far lie could trust the men, between whom and himself a close relation had sprung up. Willi Uncle Ned he held long nocturnal conversations, and the old man told him his simple and hard story of exile, suffering, and injustice among cruel whites. The cook, when he found Herriek messed alone, produced for him unexpected und sometimes unpalatable dainties, of which he forced himself to eat. And one day, when he was forward, he was surprised to feel a caressing hand run down his shoulder, and to hour the voice of Sally Day erooiL ing in his cur, 41 You gooteh man!" He turned, and choking down a sob, shook hands with the nogrito. They were kindly, cheery, childish souls. Upon the .Sunday each brought forth his separate Bible ; for they were all men of alien speech, even to each other, and Sally Day communi cated with his mates in English only; each read, or made believe to read, his chapter. Uncle Ned with spectacles on nose ; and they would all join together in the singing of missionary hymns. It was thus a cutting re proof to compare the islanders and the whites aboard the Farallone. .Shame ran in Herriek's blood to remember what employ ment lie was on, and to see these poor souls — and even Sally Day, the child of cannibals, in all likelihood a cannibal himself— so faith ful to what they knew of good. Tho fact that he was held in grateful favor by theso innocents served like blinders to his con science, and there were times when he was inclined, with Sally Day, to call him self a good man. But the height of his favor was only now to appear. With one voice the crew protested ; ere Herriek knew what they were doing, the cook was aroused, and came a willing volunteer. Ail hands clustered about the mate, with expostula tions and cat esses, and he was bidden to lie down and take his customary rest without alarm. 44 He tell you tlue," said Uncle Ned. 44 You sleep. Evcly man hea he do ail light, lively man he like you too much." Herriek struggled, and gave way — choked upon some trivial words of gratitude — and walked to the side of the house, against which he leaned, struggling with emotion. Uncle Ned presently followed him, and begged him to lie down. 44 It's no use, Uncle Ned," he replied. 44 1 couldn't sleep. I'm knocked over with all your goodness." 44 All, no call mc Uncle Ned no mo' !" cried the old man. 44 No my name. My name Tuveeta, all-e-samc Tavccta King of Islael. Wat for he call that Hawaii? I think no savvy nothing — all-e-same Wise-a-mana." It was the lirst time the name of the late captain had been mentioned, and Ilerrick grasped the occasion. The reader shall be spared Unelc Ned's unwieldy dialect, and learn, in less embarrassing English, the sum of what lie now communicated. The ship had scarce cleared the Golden Oatc3 before the captain und mute had entered on a career of drunkenness, which was scarcely inter rupted by their malady, and only closed by death. For days and weeks < they had en countered neither land nor ship, and, seeing themselves lost on tho huge deep with their insane conductors, the natives had drunk deep of terror. At length they made a low island, and went in, und Wiseman and Wis- hart lauded in the boat. There was a great village, a very fine vil lage, and plenty Kanakas in that plane, but all mighty serious ; and from every here and there in the back purls of the settlement Taveeta heard the sounds of island lamenta tion. 44 1 no savvy talk that island," said he. '4I savvy hear uin ely. I think, hum ! too many people die here.' But upon Wise man and Wishart the significance of that barbaric keening was lost. Full of bread and drink, they rollicked along unconcerned, embraced the girls who had scarce energy to repel them, took up and joined (with drunken voices) in the death wail, and at last, on what they took to be an invitation, entered under the roof of a house in which was a considerable concourse of people sitting silent. They stooped below theeuves, Hushed and laughing ; within a minute they came fortli again with changed faces and silenced tongues, and as tire press severed to make way for them, Taveeta was ublc to perceive, in tho deep shadow of the house, the sick man raising from his 'mat a head already defeatured by disease. The two tragic triflers lied without hesita tion for their boat, screaming on Taveeta to make haste ; t hoy came aboard with all speed of oars, raised anchor, und crowded sail upon tho ship with blows and curses, and were at sea again — and again drunk— be fore sunset. A week after, and the last of the two had been committed to the deep. Derrick asked Taveeta where that island was, and he replied that, by what lie gathered of folks' talk us they went up to gether from the beach, he supposed it must be one of the Faumotus. This was in itself probable enough, for the Dangerous Archi pelago hail been swept that year from east to west by devastating smallpox ; but Derrick thought it a strange course to lie from Sydney. Then he remembered the drink. 44 Were they not surprised when they made the island ?" he asked. 14 Wise— a— niann. lie say, 4 Dam 1 what this?'" was the reply. 44 Oil, that's it, then," said Ilerrick. " I don't believe they knew where they were," 14 1 think so, too," said Uncle Ned. 44 1 think no savvy. This one mo' betta," lie added, pointing to the houso where the drunken captain slumbered; 44 Take — a — sun all — c — time." The implied last touch completed Her riek's picture of the life and death of his two predecessors; of their prolonged, sordid, sodden sensuality as they sailed, thev knew not whither, on their lust cruise, lie held but a twinkling and unsure belief in any future state ; the thought of one of punish ment he derided; yet for him (us for all) there dwelt a horror about the end of the brutish man. Sickness fell upon him at the image thus called up ; and when he com pared it with the scene in which himself was acting, and considered the doom that seemed to brood upon the schooner, a horror that was almost super stitious fell upon him. And yet the strange thing was, lie did not falter. Ho who had proved his incapacity in so many fields being now falsely placed amid duties which he did not understand, with out help, and it might be said without coun tenance, hud hitherto surpassed expectation, and even the shameful misconduct and shocking disclosures of that night seemed but to nerve and strengthen him. lie had sold his honor, lie vowed it should not be in vain. 44 it shall be no fault of mine if this miscarry," he repeated. Aud in his heart he wondered at himself. Living rage no doubt supported him, no doubt also the sense of the last cast, of the ships burned, of all doors closed but one, which is so strong a tonic to the merely weak and so deadly a depresseut1 to the merely cowardly. For some time the voyage went otherwise well. They weathered bakarava with one board, und the wind holding well to the southward and blowing fresh, they passed between Kanaka and Katiu, and ran some days north- east by east half cast, under the leo of Takutne and llonden, neither of which they made. In about 14dcg. south and be tween 134deg. and 135deg. west, it fell a dead calm, with rather a heavy sea. The captain refused to take in suil ; the helm was lashed, no watch was set, and the Farallone rolled and banged for three days according to observation in almost the same place. The fourth morning, a little before day, a breeze sprang up and rapidly freshened: The cap tain had drunk hard the night before ; lie was far from sober when ho was roused, and when he came on deck for the first time at half-past 8, it was plain he had al ready drunk deep again at breakfast. Herriek avoided his eye, and re signed the deck with indignation to a man more than half seas over. By tho loud commands of the captain, and the singing out of fellows at the ropes, he could judge from the house that sail was being crowded oil the ship; relinquished his half-eaten breakfast, and came on deck again to find the main and jib topsails set, and both watches and the cook turned out to hand the staysail. The Farallone lay already far over, the sky was obscured with misty scud, and from the windward an ominous squall came flying up, broadening and blackening as it rose. Fear thrilled in Herriek's vitals. He saw death hard by, and, if not death, sure ruin. For if the Farallone lived through tho coin ing squall she must surely be dismasted. With that their enterprise was at an end, and they themselves bound prisoners to the very evidence of their crime. The greatness of the peril and his own alarm sufficed to j silence him. Pride, wrath, and shame raged without issue in his mind, and he shut his teeth and folded his arms close. The captain sat in the boat to windward, bellowing orders and insults, his eyes glazed, his face deeply congested, a bottle set be tween his knees, a glass in his hand half empty. His back was to the squall, and he was at first intent upon the setting of the sail. When that was done, and the great trapezium of canvas had begun to draw and to trail the leerail of the Farallone level with the foam, he laughed out an empty laugh, drained nis glass, sprawled back among the lumber in the boat, and fetched out a crumpled novel. Herriek watched him, and his indignation glowed red-hot. He glanced to windward, where the squall already whitened tlie near sea, and already heralded its coining with a singular and dismal sound. He glanced at live steersman, and saw him clinging to the spokes with a face of a sickly blue. He saw tlie crew were running to their stations without orders. And it seemed as if some thing broke ui his brain, and the passion of anger, so long restrained, so long eaten in secret, burst suddenly loose, and filled and shook him like a sail. He stepped across to the captain and smote his hand heavily on the drunkard's shoulder. 41 You brute 1" he said, in a voice that tottered ; 44 look behind you 1" 44 Who's that?" cried Davis, bounding in the boat and upsetting the champagne. 44 You lost the Sea Ranger Because you were a drunken sot," said Herriek. 44 Now you're going to lose the Familoiie. You're going to drown hero the same "way as you drowned others, and be damned. And your daughter shall walk the streets, and your sons be thieves like their father !" For the moment the words struck the captain white and foolish. 41 My God !" he cried, looking at Ilerrick as upon a ghost. 44 My God, Herriek !" 44 Look behind you, then !" reiterated the assailant. Tlie wretched man, already partly sobered, did as he was told, und in the same breath of time leaped to his feet. 44 Down staysail!" he trumpeted. Tho hands were thrilling for the order, and the great sail came with a run, and fell half-overbourd among the racing foam. 44 Jib topsail halyards! Let the stays'! be," lie said again. But before it was well uttered, the squall shouted aloud and fell, in a solid mass of wind and rain commingled, on tlieFnrralonc; and she stooped under the blow, and lay like a thing dead. From the mind of Herriek reason lied ; he clung in the weather rig ging, exulting ; he was done with life, and he gloried in the release ; he gloried in the wild noises of the wind and the choking on slaught of the rain ; he gloried to die so, and now, amid this coil of the elements. And meanwhile, in tlie waist up to his knees iu water — so low the schooner lay — the captain was hacking at the forcshect with a pocket- knife. It was a question of seconds, for the Fan-alone drank deep of the encroaching seas. But the hand of the captain had the advance; the foresail boom lore apart the last strands of the sheet and crashed to lee ward ; the Farralone leaped up into the wind and righted, and tlie peak and throat hal yards. wliic l had lone been let iro. beiran to run at the same instant. For some ten minutes she careered under the impulse of thu squall; but the captain was now master of himself aud of his ship, and all danger at an end. And then, sudden as a trick change upon the stage, the squall blew by, the wind dropped into light airs, the sun beamed forth again upon the tattered schooner, and the captain, having secured the foresail boom and set a couple of hands to the pump, walked aft, sober, a little pale, and with the sodden end of a cigar still stuck between his teeth, even as tho squall had found it. Herriek followed him ; he could scarce recall the violence of his late emo tions, but he felt there was a scene to go through, and he was anxious and even eager to go through with it. Tlie captain, turning at the house end, met him face to face, and averted his eyes. 4 We've lost the two tops'ls and the stays'!," he gabbled. 44 Good business wc didn't lose any sticks. I guess you thmk we're all the better without the kites." 44 That's not what I'm thinking," said Iler rick, in a voice strangely quiet, that yet echoed confusion in the captain's mind. 44 1 know that," ho cried, holding up his hand. 44Iknowwhat you're thinking. No use to say it now. I'm sober." 44Ihaveto say it though," returned Her riek. 44 Hold on, Herriek ; you've said enough,' said Davis. 44 You've said what I would take froin no man breathing but yourself ; only I know it's true." 44 1 have to tell you, Captain Brown," pur sued Herriek, 44 that I resign my position as mate. Yon can put me in irons or shoot mc, as you please. 1 will make no resistance, only I deeiino in any way to help or obey von ; and I suggest you should put Mr. liuish in my place. He will make a worthy first officer to your captain, sir." He smiled, bowed, ami turned to walk forward. 44 Where are you going, Herriek," cried the captain, detaining him by the shoulder. 44 To berth forward with the men, sir," re plied Herriek, with the same hateful smile. 44 I've been long enough aft here with you — gentlemen." 44 You're wrong there," said Davis. 44 Don't you be too quick with me. There ain't nothing wrong but the drink. It's the old story, man. Let' me get sober once, und then you'll see," lie pleaded. 44 Excuse me, I desire to see no more of you," said Herriek. The captain groaned aloud. 44 You know what you aaid about iny children," he broke out. 44 By rote. Do you wish me to say it to you agaiu ?' asked Herriek. 44 Don't !" cried the captain, clapping his hands to his cars. 41 Don't make mc kill a man 1 care for. Herriek, if you see me put a glass to my lips again till we're ashore, I give you leave to put a bullet through mc. I beg you to do it ! You're tho only man aboard whose carcase is worth losing. Do you think I don't know that? Do you think I ever went back on you ? I always knew you were in the right of it— drunk or sober, I know that. What do you want? Au oath ? Man, you're clever enough to see that this is sure enough earnest." 44 Do you mean there shall be no more drinking?" asked Herriek, 44 neither by vou nor Huish? That you won't go on stealing my profits and drinking my champagne that I gave mv honor lor ? and that you'll attend to your duties, and stand watch ami watch, and bear your proper share of the ship's work, instead of leaving it all on tlie shoulders of a landsman, and making your self tlie butt und scoff of native seamen ? Is that what you mean ? If it is, be so good as to say it categorically." 44 \ ou put these things in a way hard for a gentleman to swallow," said the captain. 44 You wouldn't have me say I was ashamed of myself? Trust me this once. I'll do the square thing, and there's my baud on it." 4< Well, I'll try it once," said HerHck. 44 Fail me again " 44 No more, now," interrupted Davis. 44 No more, old man ! Enough said. You've a riling tongue when your back's up, Herriek, Just be glad we're friends again, the same as what I am, and go tender on the raws. I'll see as you don't repent it. We've been mighty near death this day— don't say whose fault it was— pretty nearly hell, too, I guess. We're in a mighty bad line of life us two, and ought to go easy with each other." (To be continued.) Searle and Sons have been exhibiting in their window for some days a couple of enor mous apples brought from ITobnrt by Mr. W. llaslam. The specimens, which belong to the Peasgood Nonsuch variety, were ob tained iu tho orchard of Mr. George Ed wards, eight miles out of Hobart. One of the apple? weighs 25oz., and is 15i?in. in cir cumference, and the other weighs 22oz., and inoasures I5iu. 