ITEMS OP INTEREST. [ORIGINAL AND SELECTED.] In dealing with the flutter which the absence of Sir Robert Duff from the Highland gathering caused in the breasts of Sydney Scotsmen, the following is told by a Victorian writer : — ' The Highland incident in Sydney reminds me of an attempt made many years ago to form an association of the kind in an up- country town. It was the only national institution in the district, and the broadest interpretation was given to the word Scot, anyone with a Celtic name passing muster easily. One of the early presidents was a MoHaghan — monagnan uuqu, or js-ea luonagnan iromtne colour of his oeard. There was also a member rejoicing in the truly British name of Cederic Colin M'Cann, but it was Monaghan Rhu who broke up the society. His annual address on one occasion commenced with ' Min of Scotland and outlyin' dipindincies, shooro there's narra a heart from Arranmore to the Liffey that doesn't burn wid indignation whin we ri mimber the massacrey of Glincoe. To-day I picked this bit o' tissel be the way.' Mr. M'Fadyean. — 'Yon'sno athestle; yon's jest a Bathurst burr.' Monaghau Rhu.—' Oh thin bid luck to ye ! Is it me not know tke imblim o' me natuf Ian.' Take that annytvays.' So the trouble began and the society ended. 'William Madden, a shoemaker, was sentenced at the Oberon police court on Friday, to three months' bard labour in Bathurst Gaol for skinning a cat while alive. Ah Hoy, charged before the Moama police magis trate on a riaay witn entering the colony without paying the poll-tax, was fined £oG, and ordered to pay the collector of Customs .£100, in default two years in Deniliquin Gaol. The number of births registered at Gunnedah for the quarter ended December 31 was : Males 16, females 1G ; of deaths, males 11, females 11 ; and of marriages 5. The young man Bertles who figured in the recent double drowning fatality in Melbourne must be in a very enviable frame of mind. At the inquest into the cause of Miss McLellan's death the coroner lectured Berfcles severely. By his conduct, the coroner said, he had driven the girl to destroy herself, and, through carelessness in throwing a life-buoy into the water before it could be of use, threw away the means by which Satchell's life might have been saved. Mr. C. L. C. Badham, P.M., who of latn hae been acting as Police Magistrate in Maitland during Mr. Brooks' absence, took his seat on the Parramatta Bench on Friday morning, and producing his com mission to act, introduced himself to Mr. Richard Harper, J.P., who welcomed him to Parramatta. The boa-constrictor at Adelaide Zoo which swal lowed its blanket, 7ft. by 6ft., on Thursday has re tired from its companions, and is now shedding its skin. The inmates of the Adelaide Destitute Asylum complain that since their distinctive garb has been taken away they no longer receive sticks of tobacco from sympathisers when taking their walks abroad. A meeting of Roman Catholics at Wyndham, near Pambula, decided to erect a new church of brick there. Hitherto mass was celebrated in a private house. There is patriotism as well as depression at Penrith. The clerk of the local municipal council voluntarily offered, in view of tho bad sta,te of the council's affairs, to surrender more than one-third of his salary. He was getting .£156 a year ; but is con tent to go on at £100 ; and the aldermen accepted his self-sacrificing offer. How many councils clerks would offer to do likewise ? and how many councils, it may also be asked, would accopt ? Two miners have arrived at Coolgardie from North Queensland, whence they set out 13 months ago, walking the whole of the distance. Mr. James Kennedy presided over a meeting of dairy farmers at the School oE Arts, Nowra, for the purpose of suggesting an improvement in the conduct of the butter export. On the motion of Mr. H. Sinclair, manager of the Bengelala Dairy Company, it was decided that, in order to get the best value for their produce in the Sydney and other markets, a more comprehensive scheme of co-operation and concentration of sales is needed among the farmers than at present exists. It was also decided to hold a meeting at an early date in a central place of all persons directly engaged in dairying, as well as those interested in the well being of the industry. This meeting should convey a kiut to persons in this district engaged in the industry. Speaking in Victoria, Mr. Richardson, Minister of Railways, said that he intended to ask the Go vernment to bring in a bill dealing with pen sioners in the Railway Department. One of the Railway Commissioners would also havp to be dis pensed with. The Government had no intention of procuring a railway manager from America, The Cootamundra School of Arts Committee have received a letter from the Minister for Education informing them that if they kept a billiard-table in their rooms the subsidy would be taken away. Regarding the discovery of a seam of brown coal at St. Kilda (Vic), the Victorian Secretary fov Mines says thoro is no chance of discovering black coal there, and black coal is not necessarily found because there is brown in the vicinity. A meeting of tho creditors of Mr. Walter Bent ley, tho actor, was held in Adelaide on Thursday, ?when a statement was read of the profit and loss of tho past two years. It showed that although Mr. Bentley had no money, ho had plenty of property, and it was decided that all creditors under £2 be paid in cash within a month, all others to accept payment in two instalments of equal amounts, pay able at four and six months from January 5, with 5 per cent, interest added. A destructive bush fire is reported from the Wagon Lake district (W.A.). It broke out on December 31, and a large number of selectors were burnt out, one losing a 90 acre paddock of fine wheat. The Victorian Board of Public Health has decided to instruct the Commissioner for Police to proceed against the management of the Melbourne Opera House for permitting overcrowding on Box ing night. An English contemporary states that there are at present 700 Salvationists in the Arctic division nnder Staff-captain Bergstrom. ' Come inside a minute,'' said a dealer in pianos recently. ' I have discovered the greatest fly-trap on earth, and I want to show it to you.' He led the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on which waa a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of sweet peas. At least 1000 dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers. ' I threw these here by chance,' he continued, ' and in about ten minutes I happened to notice that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.' Even as he spoke a number of the insects which had stopped to suck the deadly sweet had toppled over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, flapped their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost. An amusing story comes all the way from Hankow. The prevailing custom in China is that a bridegroom never sees his bride until he does so in the nuptial chamber, and this circumstance was the cause of an awful mistake lately. During the progress of two wedding processions a disturbance took place, the parties were separated, and the ht*l/1aa Worn #?olitrni*a/1 in 4-1»at*i //hai^c nf. «-l*n houses of the wrong grooms. Tne error was not discovered until the following morning, when the mother of one of the women called to make a presentation, and then horrible clamour and consternation may be better imagined than described. Explanations followed and all the parties were got together with considerable difficulty, and all had perforce to adopt the new relationship. Had the sons-in-law both been equally well off, no great regret would probably have been expressed, and the situation would have been accepted with a good grace. Unfortunately, however, one of the sons-in-law happened to be in poor circumstances, while the bride's family is a rich one, so there was a good deal of dissatis faction in one family. Daring the course of an inquiry recently held by a select committee of the House of Lords on the condition of food imported into England it was stated that ' Victorian butter has a lot of preserva tive stuff in it.' The latter, as a London corres pondent stated, was ' described as being composed chiefly of boracic acid and borax, and in the absence of any comment as to the effect of those ingredients upon the butter, the impression left on the public mind is that they are deleterious compounds.' This is entirely opposed to the actual facts of the case. Mr. D. Wilson, the Victorian daily expert: states that boracle acid has been proved by the most eminent scientists to be a moat harmless preservative, and he avers that it is absolutely necessary to use it it in order to land butter in good condition on the London market. It is, he asserts, employed by the Danish dairy farmers when manu facturing butter for consumption inLondon. Indeed, Mr. Wilson is of opinion that it has been the use of boracic acid that has mainly enabled the butter export trade to develop so enormously in Victoria. By using 8oz. of boracic acid to each cwt. of butter the amount of salt required is only 31b., whereas without the use of the preservative from 81b. to 101b. of ealfc would have to be used, with the result that butter manufactured in that way would not be saleable in the London market. Mrs. Emma Sleisser, of Barnett-street, Albert Park, Melbourne, awoke at 3 a.m. a few mornings ago, and saw a man with a dark lantern in her bedroom. The burglar asked, 'Where is the safe ?' She replied, ' There is no safe.' The burglar remarked, 'Then I have come to the wrong house. Good night.' The burglar entered by a back window, and carried away a purse con taining £2. There are 282 applications for the office of secre tary of the Sydney School of Arts. The Highland Society cleared JS25O on the New Year's Day demonstration, and expect .£150 from the concert. The heat was 114deg. in the shade at Bourke on Thursday, which one would think hot enough to maka residence in it an excellent preparation for that 'place lined with hot bricks,' to which Sir George Dibbs recently alluded so graceEully and metapnoncany. iiowever, tne tuermometer once showed 12Gadeg. at Bourke, and the people hava been proud and blistered ever since. The Premier has turned his face towards reforma tion and Melbourne, and it is surmised that gone are all chances of. ever hearing bis energetic desires as to the future of Chicago again expressed, and that he will soon be endowed with a warm and abiding love for all mankind, including even Sir Henry Parkes. Before leaving Sydney for Victoria, Sir George was interviewed by Commissioner Coomb3 and other prominent officials of the Salvation Army, and be received his visitors with every mark of courtesy and a total absence of expletives, which made the atmosphere feel lonely. A long conversation ensued ' on matters of mutual interest' as the faithful reporter naively puts it, and Sir George expressed himself as being very favourably disposed toward the Salvation Army, and especially toward their social work. A man never realizes how much furniture ho owns until he tries to walk rapidly through his house in the dark. Judge : If I got intoxicated as you do I'd shoot, myself.' Prisoner : 'If you was 'tossicated as I am, you couldn't hit a barn door.' In many gardens around Mudgee the apple crops will be considerably diminished through the ravages of the codlin moth. The most effectual way of dealing with this pest is to place bandages tightly round the the trunks of the trees, cleaning them every day or so. By this means the grubs can be destroyed in hundreds. Bourget, Zola, and Georges Ohnet differ greatly in their methods of work. Zola can turn out a complete novel in a single year ; Bourget, we are told, required no less than eight years for the writ ing of his recent romance 'Cosmopolis,' andOhnet's habit is to carry about in his head the plots of several stories at the same time and to bring them on paper to a simultaneous conclusion. 