Tourist. THE TERRIBLE BLACK PEAT IT. 1'JM.XK 0. CABI'LNTI.Il. Tho black death- broke out in Canton dur ing tho hist wcok in February lasl and foi u timo tho avcrago of thoso who died from it was about two hundrc I por day. The av. i - ago stoadily increased, until in Maich ?mil April it was fivo hundred per day, and tht mor tality at tho prosont timo is very largo It is said that tho Poarl liver, whicn flows past ft.n Yiif-.v. aiici nrion 'ivhilib hundrnfls nf tboilM ands of peoplo livo, contains iirmy floating bodies, and that tho undeitakeis arc unable tomako coffins enough to supply the demand. In ordinary times tho Chineso spend largo hums upon thoir funorals and thoy aro moro particular as to tho styles of their burial oas kots than thoy aro to tlioso of thoir wedding beds. Coffins cost all the way from a fow dollars up to thousands of dollars, and it is not an uncommon thing for a man to buy a coffin und lceep it in his houso for yoars, so as to havo a first-nlass article on hand when ho dies. Childron often make their parents presents of coffins, and thoy havo thoir mutual coffin, supply association somovh.at liko our bnildiug and loan associations, or liko our mutual lifo ' insurance sooiotios. Every member ol such an association gets a coffin and burial clothes whou ho dies, and tho not lulling thoso is considered a greater calamity than death itself. To-day the dead iu Canton aio carted out and disposed of in all sortfa of ways, and tho greatest tiouble is found in getting rid of them. Often tho pallbearers who aro paid to carry tho coffins to tho gravo aro strioken with the droad dis oabo on tho way, and of tho four who start out with tho body only one or two re turn. Many of tho dead at Canton havo not a burial plot aud thoir coflins are loft on the top oE tho ground. This, in tho oase of such an infectious disease as tho black plague, cannot but be of gioat daugor to the rpst of tho people, and the plaguo is said to bo steadily spreading ovor tbo surrounding country.; Somo -of .tho .coffins 'are hermetically aealed by varnishing them a^ain and again with a sort of vauquor varnish, and as tho wood is often four inohos thick, ; in ordinary time.) thoy do not oauso much trouble from thoir offeusivo MnoU'. Now. howovor, the haste with whioh tho doad are disposed of does not admit of suoh troatmont, aud tho vory uir about Canton is laden with the ppstilonco. Tho Tichor Chinese of tho city havo been doing what they could to relievo the distross, and: there are a' number of charitable associations which aro aiding in disposing of tho dead. At one dispensary alono two thousand coffins havo been given away, and it is estimated that up to this timo ixty thousand coffins havo been furnished by Buch associations. - ' , Tho ennitary board of nong Kong visited tho plaguo- striokoa parts of Canton sOmo wcoks ago and mado a roport on tho diseuso and its symptoms. It oomos upon one with out warning in tho shape of a fovpr, which raises the tomperaturo of the pationt in a short timo to 105 degrees and upward. Thoro is no chill and no other premonitory symp tom». The patiout has a severe headaoho, and he shows signs of stupor Aftor twelve hours the glands of tbo nook, the armpits or tho gioin bngiu to swell, and they soon be eoino us big as a hen's ogi£. Those swellings aro hard and exceedingly tondor, but thoy do not aiippuiuto. In ftomoicuscs a vomiting of blood occurs, and within a fow hours the man dies. Somo fow recover aftor having been attaokod, and if thoy oan koop them solvos'nlivo for' moro« than, six: days -after their-exposuro : there, is a cbanco for them. Tho diseabo seoms to bo vory infeotious, and in thoso quartors where it is raging it has moro than deoiinatod the population. In ono small stieot the sanitary board of Hong Kong found thirty deaths, and in anothor out of 170 people only forty have survived. At ono of tho gatos of Cuuton a man took a box rooontly aud dropped a oash into itievery, timo a ooffin was curried out. At i o'olook iu the dftornoon he counted the cash and iound'hoihad 170 iu the box. , The disease is very sudden iu its attaoks, and tho only safoty from it scorns to be to get out of its range. For wooks the people have boon flying from Canton, und a lottor which I saw recently states that ovory bou&o; seoms to havo its dead. Recently a thiof entorod a houso in whioh tho wholo family had died of tho pluguo, oxpecting to have an easy haul. Ho was stricken whilo iu tho act of robbing tho dead, and a day or two later, his body, with tho booty upon it, was' found lying iu the houso. A curious thing about tho plaguo is that it a Knots somo kinds, of animals as woll as mon, and iu Canton it attacked tho rats of the oity first. Dead rats(wero found in the drains of tho infected quarters, and tlio rats ran f ram, such placos almost as fast as tho human ttpooies. In ovory house whoio dead rats woio f jund it was t,oou that the people had taken tho blaok plaguo, and tho sign of a doad rat will now causo a family to fiy. Tho Hong Kong doctors at fiist said that tho disouKO was not of a parasitic nature, and that it could not bo carried to any groat dis tance..; but this is thought by many to bo a mistake, aud it is now said that it.s gorms can be transported in clothing and in other ways, aud ttio ilapau Mail is advising the most rigid sanitary precautions against all of tho Ifoiij,' Koiitf' steamers. In one editorial it asserts that oven a shot-gun quarantine would he justifiable against 'it, and when it, is remembered that every ten days a big steamship from I long Kong lands at San I'Yancisco and Vancouver il would seem ad visable that tho greatest care be taken to keep it. o'lt of America 1 1. is thought here that the disease cannot g.-t a firm hold of any i|ii'irlei' which has good sanitary arrange ments, aud so far, I believe, only Asiatics have, been atlticted with if. It has attacked Hong Kong, and on the I .'.th of .May thirty four deaths' were thou reported. The fact that, the plaguo exists ill Canton makes it.s danger greater than it would be had it brokeu out in any other city of China. Canton of th.j metropolis of the empire. It is the bi'.'ge4 of tho Chinesu bu.-tineoH cities, «nd il; conluinN Homorhin/,' liko 3,000,000 people. H.m bout, population in said to num ber more than ISOO.OOO, and as mnny people us you will find in Washington, Cleveland, Uii'fl'.'ilo, or -'!hioinn»ti lire born, livo and dio upon its waters. Its people arc the brightest in China, and they arc the best traders and (he li.-.l, worker;-; among tho celestials. They will command higher wages than the Chinese from any other cities, and you will find Can ton men' engaged :n business all over China, r met I/hem in Hankow. .1 found them on thn busiest Hi reels of Chinkiang and Nanking, nnd hero in Peking they own Home of Uiebest property, and aro engaged in all Boris oi un dei dkings A L-rnr 'part of our i'npor-' mini ri om Ciuion. md Iheuidil ol Hi- big Cinloii. i i/nr.h nits is in -4-ood uihil ot Hi. nio-t ,,hd miKhtnls in tin 1. ink-, of London II is ,i ,!'- ol million in. ' .md piup '' »i'l il ion! mi. th- ii( bet md ihc pool. ,1 ol tin Chin, t Wlii ii I \iMtrd it not long I'-To 1 wiuint.il i.ii'dh\ Ihr .7 ly Could ol Chin i, ,t mm n inn d How I In i, who is ? ml to be voilhhi tun of miUi'.us, -wid in ndiug up to Cim'oii on H.i hti mior 1hi\ a hunifij (ved boil mm i n'di'i gi ib .il i d. id r i\ whuhw.i thtoun him tu,m om ship, .md nln.li I do mil doubt lull, islnd the pi' - di .ih-Iiiim loi his iimiK (linn, l fl is lio.n Ih' f'nito-K-. pto him tint tin niwt of the Cnii'i . m Aim mi i . om. md il t p- oph ,ue noiid foi then tuibuleiKc -e, will is ihdi 'Ivilltiilliiud .md thei -.li'iplm-mc -bum', 1 hf dif I of I he 1 i bli mu' . la-.r« c ,,nsi^-. of (.lit fish, -Kgi I ihlc and rid , and u' the} t in idd to flu. mi it time d toui limcs.iytir tli.\ dn m lh,m-(h.- h. ppj It is not . m- loi.iuioii to hud llJUpiop'i h\mir in .1 little n. si ,,| 1 do/on oue-sloij hoif-e , md lull' ]i(i timih i.inge fiom ')?? .1 jeai and up« ml C.iuii.n l- Hit onlj (il\ 1 1) lie iii-iif I nh'ii r ha\\. found ' it and dog i. -t mi mt -, and it i tin onlv (il\ \ hur 1 Inn Mindind : its c|hn'1 tin all in nniT.i (pi i-t. l 1 pn 'd Mum oltlicf nils and v, a- (h ug(d in. - i nl loi the nni 1 bought It u.uld not h.n i v.igh(d m.ii i than light ounris, ml I sup ji.m I pud double pi,. . t..i n At one of the dog ust lULints I ti. ?'( 1 i lot ot (oiln !o n slew ui bl.uk dog'' fl. -h, md the j.iii e foi it was 'en (.nts i pi i.i 1 lould hue gotten a steiv ot jcll.w dog loi 1(- , but m hen ono gives a tieat, ( ven m Ohm i he o lidit to buy tho b si I51.nk dog's l.ie it is 'ioith twice the pine ot that ot the \i lion ( nuni Itis (ooked v.ilh ii lull ot him lift on the end of the tail to show the color of the dog, and it looks, when m the pot, much like the flesh ot a sin king pig The dog is killed and ? tho hair is taken off as we take tho bristles off a pig, aud when Brewed it is - nt into small pieces. At this same placo I saw cat moat cooking, and thoro woro cats in cages awaiting tho ordors of customers. Cat meat is higher priced than dog or rat moat, and tho tabbies aro killed only upon order. Tho people whom I saw at such lestaurants, nowevor, weio thoso only of tho poorer classes and theio aro in Canton as oostly rcs tuuiants as you will find anywhere in the world; Tho black plague on aocount of the poor diet of the people nnd their poverty, will last longer iu Canton than it would in any other oity. There are pra'tioally no facilities for taking care of the sick, and Chinoso modicino is worse than no medicine. Tho missionary hospital will do much. It is one of the bbst hospitals in tho oast, aud it does a great deal of Kood. Tho chief Chinese oharitablo insti tutions of Canton aro a blind asylum, from which blind boggars go out day aftor day ovor tho oity ; a foundling asylum, supported out of the salt tax ; and a loper asylum. This last is in a banyan grove two miles fiom the gato of tho city. It contains about 500 'inmates, aud more horriblo croaturos do not exist on tho face of tho earth There aro more leperb in Canton than can bo accommodated in tho a-ylum, and thoro aro leper boats fillod with those peoplo, who soull or row thoir boats among the other oraf t on the rivor bogging. Thero aro no more superstitious peoplo than tho Chinese, and tuoh an occasion as this brings out all of tho witches and sooth sayers. I hoar that tho tttroets of Canton are now filled with priests oxercising the devils of tho plaguo and that people go through the city in bunds boating gongs aud drums to drive tho demons away. At tho head of one band was a boy who had on a hideous diagon mask, and tho dragon boats which aro kept for tho annual dragon boat festival havo been brought out. All sorts of praying goes on boforo the different josses and the ancestral tablets, and every ono connected with tho burial of tho dead is making monoy. A largo class of morohauts (-oil nothing but silver and gold paper, which is bought by tho families of tho dead and is burned by them over thoir graves, with the idoa that this will supply them with iunds for their travels in the noxt world. 'Paper and wooden cows and horoes are manufac tured to bo burned in the same way, aud tho dealers in white good3 will be getting rich. 'White is tho color of mourning in China, and the family whon thoy repair to thooomutory wear clothes of white tied on with coarse lopts. Thoy leave food at tho fjravo and generally send an extra Huit of paper clothes along to keep tho corpse warm when it becomes a ghost. 