I Five stones. I AND | SKETCH ESj I BY i IAHDObfH j I BE 0f 010. j I j the bridal of a ruby— done in 3 a dream —two 3 wives— a vote :« for thrift— & 3 why the new- $ born died. rl. . .. . .... - ( Copyright. — The Federal Association of Journalists . I ..TJiE-BBJ.DAL.OF. RUBY- ..... H I On the morning of the 17th February, 1880\. the sun, so far as the inhabitants of Central Australia were concerned, rose in a sullen, perfunctory fashion from behind the banks of thick clouds that shaded the peaks of the M'Donnell Ranges. It was hardly worth its while to shine for the benefit of the little colony that had settled at the foot ot the chief peak of the range, distant, as the crow flies, 780 miles from Palniers- ton, at Port Darwin. 770 from Adelaide, 1500 from Cape Cuvier, on the West Coast, and 1100 from Rockhampton, in Queensland — almost in the centre of the continent. To the. south of this port lie the blue and brackish waters of Lake Amadeus; and numberless mountain I springs, in some seasons gurgle I musically, in others roar and leap over ruby, sand and bastard stream tin until they reach the plain, where they scpar- ate, to unit again and form a network of water-courses for nearly 50 miles. At the time of this story these creeks were outlined merely by chains of slial- low pools, and in some cases only by the deposits of mineral salts that rose ghost like on the sombre surface of the creek bed drift. Fill into the back-ground a dark, heavy range of mountains, barred and bound with iron and diorite. a few small Wows of a rotten granite' formation, with infant sun- rays of purple, and mauve, and gold struggling painfully through the heavy clouds lying on the eastern horizon, and the picture as seen and unappreciated for years by the settlers at Ruby Drift is complete bat for one feature. At the font of the I range, and built against an out-crop of I rock so that a natural back wall was secured, is a but — the residence of the I only white people for a radius of 170 I miles. I The scenery being in position the I " leading lady " makes her appearance I from the hut. And such a lady — a I tall, gaunt, being of any age from 30 to I 40.;. a sinewy masculine figure with I sexless breasts, a small red nose, jutting I out agressively from a small white face, I like a poppy drowning in dusty milk, and I hair naturally short and bristly. Dressed I in perfectly indescribable costume, her I skirt fell limply to what would have been I her ankles, if ber nether limbs, covered I by a pair of policeman's trousers, bad I been possessed of any shape. This lady I was known as " Ruby Julia " to the I getters at the drift — partly on account I of ber red nose, partly owing to the fact I that she was the best digger and washer I on the ranges. On this particular day I she docs as she has done for many years I — draws a bucket of water from the I underground tank in front of the 'hotel1 I and goes back into the building to make I breakfast. She had come from the I ranges in Beltana in '78, and the eight I years of her life in the Ruby country- — I which, it would now appear, was not a I Ruby country at all — had transformed I her from a gawky girl into a kind of fe- I male bunyip, nearly a man, and yet I with an unmicteakable smack of the fe- I male about her. I Later in the day, a sag-headed, red I haired man, carrying a swag whose I lightness showed either the poverty or I the . laziness of its owner, was toiling I over the creek watered slopes which rose I high and threatening as a wall of steel I between him and the M'Donnell Hotel I at Ruby Drift. The sun was sinking I ere the traveller descended the last range I and entered on the kangaroo track lead- I ing through the burnt and stunted salt I bush to the hotel. The unlicensed iand- I lord — a short, fat man who always wore I two suspenders as a belt — looked at the I stranger through the smoke of a large I day pipe with all the superciliousness he conld command. Having heard the I traveller's account of his journey, gar- I nished with various profanities condem- I natory of his eyes, and the flies, and the I sun, he explained that he — the man I with the pipe and suspenders — had been I a copper miner at Moonta, which place I he had left about a year previously to I prospect the alleged ruby country for an r Adelaide syndicate which had purchased I the rights of mining theTe from the dis- I gusted first holders. These last got cer- I tain stones in galore, but they were I zircons and inferior garnets, a fact that I the Adelaide syndicate had not discover- | ed in 1889. The fat man went on to I say that he had fear men nnder him, was I the proprietor of » monthly mail service, I and the proprietor of a shanty, thus I paying the wages of his shifts in whisky; I it and clothing formed the only currency j of the quarter. The monthly mail took I down the bastard gems to civilisatios on I its retnrn trip, and there the liability of I the ranges ended. I The sag-headed man had supper, and I before he went to sleep that nigbt was duly installed as an additional getter at tuck i wages. He awoke late next morning, for which piece of recklessness he was magnanimously excused by Bob Swan, his employer, who set before him the ruins of a wild turkey as breakfast, ad then giving him a shovel and a disb pointed out a giant eucalyptus growing' at the bend in the creek, half a mile away, and told him that under that tree he would find the " hold cousin." The sag-headed man obeyed this direction, and a few minutes later arrived at the tree. As a matter of fact he did not know whether the object of his search was a man or a bird, and he looked in quiringly at a hole dug in the creek. Snddenly from this toy shaft there ap peared -white face surmounted by a bristling mop.of black hair; g Thehead asked " Whefe"vv»s you tied? up lat|?" apfiithe traveller answersd in a hopefessljSSlbiguous manner, " Swan sent me to find the hold cousin." The head spake again, " I'm her." " Her T "Yes, I'm ber," repeated Julia, for by by this time she had hoisted liersel ffrom the wash hole and was standing on the surface with her skirts rolled up half . way above her-knees, and -tbe old police pants showing large clay stains on the legs thereof. The sag-headed man gazed aghast at the picture. " Well?' " my natne'3 Ruby J ulia ; what's youru." " Mine ?'' answered the new arrival, ' Those as knows me well calls ine Bo fies : those as don't calls me Jim — Jim Simpson. " And what are ye come fur ?' " To git." "Well, git, then, and leave me alone." " But the boss told me to find you and start work." She of i lie Ruby evidently considered this explanation satisfactory, for she m :t:onel Boofles into the bole in the drift and cried smoke-ho !' And it was a real smoke-ho, for Julia produced a pipe of workman-like blackness and puffed away stolidly at the remnants of a filling placed in the bowl after break fast that day. They worked in spells until night stole on them, the labor of digging and washing having been diversified at regu lar intervals by trips to the hotel with tin vessels containing a mixture of alleged rubies and sure garnets and zircons des tined to be picked over by the hands of the shanty keeper himself. One day in the rainy season of '82, an extraordinary baby, looking in every respect like a wizened old man, worn out with a life of toil and money grubbing, opened his eves to the sombre wintry scenery of tbe little tvorld at Ruby Drift. His mother was Ruby Julia, and his father ? Well the sag-headed man had a stake in the country. The old youngster grew quickly in body, but his mind, such as it was, bad been seemingly foimed in embyro. He began to walk and talk unconsciously and looking on everything as being the natural result of something else, never seemed to be surprised. If he improved he was insensible to his improvement, had he retrograded he could not have known it, and so he assimilated — that is the only word possible in his case — his information imperturbablj. At three he could swear fluently, end his vitiated taste despised water and clung like a limpet to Boofles whisky. For the three years following the first cry of their first-born, Julia and the sag headed man lived in a hut removed about 600 yards from the shanty,- and then a littla red-nosed female — a small edition of her mother — called the blase boy- brother . Of conrse the reader will say that this life was immoral. What would you have ? A parson never set foot on tbe scene of our story, though if he had it is extremely improbable that his services would have been .called into requisition, in this case at least. Julia,s ideas of civilisation were comprised in one hasty, careless glance, caught as a child of 12 years at the township of Hergott Springs and there were no silly notions of con ventionality about her. She was not a woman ,only a female, and posessed of as little moral sense as a kangaroo. Her life was. and yet was not in unison with her surroundings. Like the gum clumpr fringing the border of the silted creek she was primitive; unlike them she did not bold their virgin purity. About this time Boofles created the materials for this story by exercising the prerogative of manhood — he thrashed Jalia with a sapling. His body waa steel, but in her hands it was steel in the hands of tbe forger, for Julia was ae strong as Sams.m before his hair was shorn. It came about in this way. They were working as usual in the creek near their hut, when a dispute arose and the sag-headed man struck Julia with a stick and felled her into the drift— hole. In a second she had regained the sur face, in another she had the stick wren ched from his hand, and five minutes later he was begging for mercy and bleeding energetically through all the available rents — and they were many— in his clothing. Boofles had a brain, albeit a very small one. In a week h« argaed by some species of inductive reasoning peculiar to himself, that Julia conld best be punished through her first-born, and so this unnatural father subjected the old-man-child to numberless nameless tortures. Julia was defeated ; the instinct of motherhood was strong, in her, and here after Beofles could kick ber without re sistance, so long as the weazened piece of semi-humanity she called her boy eseaped. In the middle of '86 this ill-sorted couple andj their off-spring left the ranges, and two months later reached Gawler, where Boofles got work as a farm-hand. For two years after they lived the same old life — the male always beating the female, tbe latter waiting witb a doll despairing sense of injustice for tbe day that would avenge her in-" juries. . ... . . c. Julia, it may be said/hafi Very efrange ideas of law. She believed that, if she only secure: share «f her partner' -Lame Et'he law. wouia give her a nghtXa jive.:/ Since r ehe -had seen, a; railway , -/! ulife had discovered1 that therevt sucli - r'i tmng as 'tttarriafre: iStie driiethalri Boofles would marry her" some Jay, as she said to her nearest neighbor — a wo man who had mangled for the Bishop— " he was alius doing foolish," and she waited patiently, and took all the blows he aimed at lier without comment, never avoiding one as that would have angered hiffi-rfie more. At last the day came. The sa'g- headed man, in a -fit of drunken gene- rositj took his bride to the local regis trar arid she caiihe back to their hut with a new feeling — partly of new born re spectability, and partly of sorrow that her children's names were not also changed ; and feeling that she now held a judicial claim to a life of peace. " Let the touch me again," she said to the long round rafters of their dwelling-; an' I'll bring the lor on "im. The moonlit January night at Gaw ler was to the local resident who had a soul typical of peace. In Boofles bnt the new made Mrs. Simpson snored in a deep base tone on the nuptial couch, and in beds on the floor lay tbe two nameless children — the boy with the body of five years and the face of fifty acting as a pillow for his sisters head. B iofles left his wife at the conclusion of tbeir brief wedding ceremony. He had been supplementing his good-humored intoxication at various public hous?s, and now he reeled along tbe street mad drunk. " She's my lorfnl missus," he s iliiiqu Ve I thickly. " and I'll knock out of ber yet." Two a.m. The dim light of a slush- lamp fell on the face of Boofles' bride and his mad eyes glared down at her. She did not stir, and of the three dwel lers in tbe hut but one — the old-man- child — was awake. He looked at his father and decided that mischief was abroad, for Boofles looked dangerous and carried a pick handle. So tbe boy rose and made for the door, as be had often done before, to bring help to bis mother. As he did so the sag-headed man struck at him furiously witb the pick-handle ; the boy received the blow on the shoul der and staggered but quickly recovered himself and ran out of the humpy and along the slumbering streets like the wind. The flame of the slush lamp quivered and flickered and almost died, and Boo fles placed it on a stool by the side of the bed. Julia still slept and her snoring maddened him. She was a devil, be thought, and she was not sleeping but breathing vengeance and violence on him and yelling instructions in his ear to the terrible crow that he had got inside his brain and was pecking at him with short, sharp, vengeful strokes of its cruel beak. He must kill her and then the crow would leave him. He lifted the pick with both hands high above his head, and brought it down witb all his drunken might on the head of his slumbering wife. The light leaped up and died, and Boofles fell over her body, bathed as it wa6 in her own blood, and slumbered. He wasfawfikened years after it seemed to him--by a crowd led by his son. Two policemen handcuffed and placed him in the outer room, while the doctor— a young fellow fresh from student-work — bent over the woman. " It's a very bad case" said he, and then then, telling the usual professional lie, he added, " but I think we can bring her round. " Twelve honrs had passed, and Julia was still conscious. " Am I goin' ter croak, Doc. ?' Bhe sail. " Not if you keep the bandages right. " And if I take 'em off I'll peg out eh?" He nodded. "Who'd take csre of the kids if I do ?" " The Government." " The Guv'ment ? There wasn't any Guv'ment to take care o' me when I was a gal. Go away a bit and let Boofles come in. I wanter to speak to 'im." So the medical man went out and a trooper pushed Boofles into the bridal- chamber, and kept watch outside the closed door. Ye married me yesterday, Jim," she said in a voice that gradually became a hoarse screech, " and last night ye mauled me with thet ther pick. " The Doc. says I'll live but he's all out, and I m glad of it. I've bin a good woman to yer for years, even if I was'nt straight till last night. Ye've knocked bits off me for years back, and I've stud it sooner than let yer kick that pore kid with the coffin in his face. The Doc. says I'll die if I take ofi this kalliker," touching the bandages on her brow, where already rested death's awful shadow, " an' I'm goin' to send yer ter the gallers. The kids 'all be all right— The Guv'ment will look after them. I hate yer Jim, ye've made me do it, and I'll take yer out of this world with me.' With the last mad effort of departing life she tore off the bandages from her head, exposing her terrible wound. In half an hour she was dead. Boofles did not hang, and is now ser ving a life sentence in the Adelaide Stockade, but Julia's vengeance is none the less severe for being doled out with prison rations. "Guviment " was only called on to take care of one child — the little girl. The old boy "witb the eof- fin in his face " proved tbe truth of Ruby Julia's almost prophetic words, for the sight left his aged eyes, and he was enclosed in a pauper shell before .the sexton had time to fill in his. . mother's grave. 