SHE SHINES ME DOWN. Another of his fellow creatures seems de termined to proclaim the man to be other than the stranger he is professing to be. Vengeance the big, sensible mastiff, insists upon hailing him as an old friend. The dog will not be repelled, will not be quieted and silenced, whatever other people permit themselves to be. Vengeance licks Cadogan's hand, and clumsily gambols about him, to the detri ment of the table arrarrangements, and the downfall, ultimately, of little Archie, who in his endeavours to restrain the demonstration of the.dog who has always been held sacred to the family, towards a stranger, falls back wards with Vengeance among the d.bris of chicken and salmon mayonaise. Mr. Cadogan proves himself an adept in the art of making himself at home and agree able, bringing by this means blessings that are genuine enough, but may be of doubtful worth, upon his head, from Lady Ellerdale. * He is going to spare me ! Heaven reward him !" is her first thought, and this is the offspring of the omnipotent law of self-preser vation. 'He has only come because the impulse to see me `once again has been stronger than his sense of discretion. Bless such pardonable infatuation !' is her next .passing reflection, and she contrives to make him understand that she is thinking kindly and gratefully of him, which is about as good a ' bit of business' as she has ever done in her life, though she is unconscious of it. Tiue man is almost touched by her grati tude into thinking that he will magnanimous and forbearing. At the same time, even as he thinks it, he remembers that ' thought,' is not ' binding in law.' It must be admitted that a generous nature would not have prompted this latter reflection, but in depicting Mr. Cadogan veraciously, it is impossible to make gene. rosity a prominent characteristic. Meanwhile Lord Ellerdale regards the stranger quietly, curiously, but apparently not at all suspiciously. He reminds himself that he has never heard his wife make mention in any way of this ancient acquaintance of hers. At the same time he is logical enough to bear in mine that the omission has been not only natural but excusable. It has never seemed good to Lady Eller. dale to talk either of her late profession or of her associates in the same, since the day she quitted her once-loved career, and caught a coronet. * Doubtless this fellow is an actor,' Lord Ellerdale tells himself. At the same time he remembers Miss Classon's exclamation of ' Captain Cardigan' The name thrills him too, for it was borne, he remembers, before her marriage with Arch Saltoun, by the woman who still lives in his memory as the most attractive and fascinating creature into whom He ever breathed the breath of life. There is an extraordinary coincidence, to say the least of it, in all this, and Lord Ellerdale feels strongly tempted to try and discover whether there-is in it more than mere coincidence. Now his lordship -is not one who is given to the practice of any kind of self denial. Accordingly, presently, to her trembling delight, Miss Classon is the recipient of an honour unto which she was not boin, and unto which she has never aspired to attain. Lord Ellerdale volunteers a remark to her. There is not much in the remark, but it breaks the ice between them, and Miss Classon feels that if the rest of the company would not begin to stare in tongue-tied amazement at this unexpected act of conde scension on the part of his lordship, the con versation might really glide into a comfort able channel. As it is, there is a good deal of difficulty in sustaining it with anything like apparent ease. , She feelseshe would not miss one glance from those eyes which have fallen upon her for the first time for ' all the wealth of the Indies.' But she cannot resist the tempta tion to continually glance round the circle on whose faces she fondly fancies she traces more chagrin than astonishment. But her glory is of brief duration, and hbe soon tires of descending from his high estate .when he discovers that there is no lurther in formation to be'extracted from her concern ing Captain Cardigan than the following : No she did not know him personally, didn't happen to visit in the same ' set' in Dublin; her friends were very particular, and Captain Cardigan had a very bad name for gambling and all kinds of wickedness at which her maiden modesty wouldn't even permit her to hint. But she had often seen him riding about with other ladies, never with his wife, and certainly this Mr. Cadogan was like him, painfully like him if he was dead. It is not a very' strong foundation on which to build up either a romance or an act of accusation. Nevertheless, Lord Elletdale feels with almost feminine accuracy, by intuition, that something unpleasant will come of the like. ness, and that a shadow of the unpleasantness will fall upon himself. It almost annoys him when he hears Mr. Saltoun asking for Mr. Cadogan's address, and promising (when be hears that Cadogan is staying at the Hesselton Inn) to call upon him. ' Why can't he let the fellow go? He'll turn out to be an acrobat, or a music-hall singer, or something of the sort, and he'll go back to his boon companions and talk. to them of his ' friends Ellerdale and Saltoun.' I wish to heaven that Geraldine would keep these off-shoots from her past life from pro. truding themselves into her presence.' Lady Ellerdale, on the contrary, is quite resigned to Mr. Cardogan's longer sojourn among them, quite resigned to the situation generally, indeed. She feels a pleasing certainty now that Cadogan has falien upon golden .days, and will not harass her any more. Feeling this, she allows some of the ancient kindness to obtain once more in her heart for him, and so in the confusion there is when the time comes for the homeward start, she suffers him to draw her on one side for a few parting words. SI won't bother you with anything like sen timent,' he begins, 'but'pon my word I never saw you looking better or handsomer; it gave me a touch of the sensations of the old times when you looked at me just now kindly. ' have always felt kindly towards you, but you have frightened me terribly at times, Charlie,' she answers, trembling a little, ' but that's all over now, we'll be good friends, won't we ?' ' I hope so,' he says, cordially putting all sentiment aside as he says to himself, 'it is very pleasant to a-gentleman at all times to be on friendly terms with a rich woman.' ' Who was Saltoun's second wife, can you tell me ?' SOh, a nobody, but a very nice one,' Lady Ellerdale answers. 'A young lady artist introduced to him by his brother-in law, Clement Dumorest, the painter; her father is a clergyman, a Mr. Jones, and all these young people are her brothers and sisters.' 'Gwendoline ! Archie and I are going to ide on,' Arch Saltoun shouts to his wife just tt this juncture, and Cadogan repeats the same involuntarily. 'Gwendolinel is that her name? Was ihe Gwendoline Jones ?' ' Yes,' I,ady Ellerdale answers in indiffer :nt unconsciousness, even though she serceives that Cadogan turns round at once, rnd scans with evidently strong interest the air, handsome face that has won Arch Sal oun's second love. ' I shall do myself the pleasure of calling an you to-morrow at any hour at which you an assure me I am likely to find you alone,' 'adogan murmurs, when he Is saying good aye to Lady Ellerdale, and for the first time the feels a thrill of the old fear and distrust. 'Why when I am alone ?' 'Because I-have buisness to discuss with you, and it might not be pleasant for you hat other people should hear it,' he replies, and Lady Ellerdale drives home with all her fears revived-a miserable woman. It does not tend to calm these fears, or in any way conduce to the restoration of her peace of mind, when Lord Ellerdale begins to question her as to where, and how, and when, and under what circumstances her acquaintance with Mr. Cadogan commenced and throve. She does not dare to tell him the truth, poor wretched woman, and she is almost equally afraid to tell him a tissue of plausible falsehoods, for~sle has no opportunity of arranging these latter with Cadogan, and therefore he may at any time, in amiable ig norance of what she has said, topple down any little safe edifice she may erect if he is questioned by Lord Ellerdale. In this dilemma there is no other course for her to adopt than to seem willing; she tried to answer curtly, and to seem to think Cadogan an insignificant bore. ' Met him-oh ! I used to meet him at all sorts of places about in the provinces, just as I did dozens of other people; its impossible to remember all the members of all the com panies you have ever played with.' ' He never played any very important part with you then?' Lord Ellerdale goes on. And her ladyship feels the blood tingling up into her cheeks, for it seems to her guilty conscience that there is terrible significance in the question. True to his promise (he always kept a cruel one) Cadogan calls on her the next day, aad averse as she is to receiving him at all again, to his gratification she receives him alone. ' This is well,' he says, encouragingly, ' for the sooner we settle the business the better. I am not inclined to stay fooling about in ties. selton any longer. Why haven't you answered my appeal? Why haven't you sent me the money ?' Then with a burst of tears she tells him about the jewels. 'Poor little bungler I' he says, patronisingly. i I can fancy the fright you were in, but that's over, and we'll say no more about it; it's use. less dwelling on unpleasant topics; what have you got for me ?' She mentions a small sum deprecatingly. ' That's no use-no use at all,' he says, roughly. ' Literally it's all I can give you; don't you think that I would get rid of you at any price if I could ?' she says, hopelessly. 'Then you know what you may expect, madame,' he replies, rising and bowing him self out of her presence without another word. Over at Friars Court also domestic affairs have taken an unpleasant turn. The morning of the day following the pic nic turns out showery, and so Gwendoline and her young sisters declare their intention of staying in and working until luncheon, when Mr. Saltoun, his boy Archie, and his brothers-in-law-go out for the daily ride. Friars Court is regarded as an earthly Para dise by all the Miss Joneses? They know every nook and corner of it, but still they are untiring in their exertions to discover fresh beauties and by this means give them. selves fresh sensations. Crewel work soon pt.ls upon them; so does playing and singing. All these things they can do at home in the quiet little vicarage wherein their hum drum lives have been passed. They became intolerably wearisome to Gwendoline, whose duties and pleasures never have left her one moment for repining, with their complaints of the weather, and the impossibility of their getting out. Finally, in order to please them, but solely against her own judgment, she consents to their doing what she has never done herself in her husband's house-namely lifting the veil that shrouds the portrait of his first wife. 'We will never tell Arch that we have seen it, but do let us just for once, Gwen doline, there's a dear; there's no harm in it, it's only your over scrupulousness that hai kept you from seeing it all this time,' they plead, and she lets them win their cause. ' I shall tell Arch what we have done the miinute he comes in,' she says, as she leads the way to the study. Then she pauses with a quivering hand on the curtain for a moment or two, and then--draws it aside. The portrait smiles down upon them with all the witchery of he original, and the startled group fall bick, crying out: 'Why. it's sister Gladys P' CHAPTER XXXIX. The younger sisters, some of whom can but dimly remember that lovely Gladys whose loss has been the one sorrowful cloud hover. ing over their otherwise happy home, fall to exclaiping. and ejaculating, and lamenting and surmising, with girlish volubility. Gwendoline remains silent, stricken dumb, it seems, with horror and with shame. Yes, shame!for tiough in the eyes of Heaven and her reasonable fellow-creatures she isstill the real wife of Arch Saltoun, still an honoured and honourable matron, she knows that the law of the country will disown the legality of her mariage, and disavow the legitimacy of her son-Little Archie- his father's idol, the apple of her husband's eye ! 'Heiven help us all I bow will Arch bear the knowledge that his boy is no longer his heir ?' the miserable mother asks herself, as, heedless of her sisters' futile efforts to com fort and sympathise with her, she remains steeped in hopeless thought Slowly, with a trembling hand, she draws the curtain over that fair, fatal face, the sight of which seems to daze her eyes now, and leads the group of gabbliong girls out of the room. And now almost sharply1 for her patient spirit is overstrained, her sweet temper over taxed, she asks them to ' leave her, and not to chatter so idly.' 'You'll never let Arch know you've found it out ?' one of them ventures to say, and Gwendoline answers with indignation at the idea of a mean course being suggestec4 to her. 'It will break his heart, and be must hear it the moment be comes in,, she says, then she adds with a son : 'you don't know what an awful thing this is, girls. I shall have to go home to papa; it will kill me-it will kill me 1' And at last poor Gwendoline cries such bitter tear ap ashe never deemed it possible she could shed, Presently she hears little Archie'svoire ere sounding through the ball in bright, joyful accents, as he narrates to someone whom he meets some marvelous exploit of Steel Grey's and she knows the riding patty have returned and that the moment has come. To hesitate will be to make a hopelessly had matter worse, but she does flinch from the appalling task before her as she goes to seek her husband in his study. He is whistling cheerfully as she enters, but ceases at once to say : * Well, darling, what have you been doing with yourself? you look as if you had seen a ghost !' ' So I have, Arch,' she gasps, and then she goes to him, and with her arms tightly wound round his neck, tells him the whole story in a few broken, but dreadfully lucid and coherent words. For a few minutes he says nothing, only holds her tightly to him with a grasp that tells her that he has already fully determined that what He has joined together man shall not put asunder; and she, comforted and reassured in spite of herself, does not want him to speak. At last, feeling that he has got his emotions under thorough control, he says: 'This is not nearly as bad as you think, my own wife; the only sorrow I feel about it is for you; it is sad that you should have dis. covered'what must necessarily be very pain ful to you, but on the other hand we must both rejoice that you did not discover it be fore. We are bound to each other now by a thousand precious ties that we dare not break. As for what you say about my Archie, put all doubts and fears aside. ,My son is my heir still, for it's a very little bit of the property that's entailed. and in order that all your scruples may be set at rest I'll take you to Switzerland, where we'll go through the ceremony again. There shall be noidle talk or gossip about it either; your sisters love you too well ever tobe indis creet enough to mention the subject; poor Gladys in her grave will never disturb the peace of one of us.' It is not a difficult task to persuade the loving wife and adoring mother to be happy once more. Without being a weakly. reliant woman, she does rely very fully upon Arch's judg ment, and is satisfied now that what Arch pronounces right cannot be wrong. Still the shock has been a severe one to her, and she shows that it has been such in. a hundred unconscious ways that touch Arch deeply, and make him even more tender and devoted to his wife than he has ever been before. The young sisters, whose idle curiosity has been the means of bringing this unhappiness on Gwendoline, are humble and contrite now, and are in quite the fitting frame of mind to make any promises as to silence and discretion which may be required of them. And the unintentional cause of all this the life-like portrait of 'Gladys-is removed from Arch's study, and put away in a seques tered nook in the roomy old house, from whence it will not emerge till the memory of these things shall have passed away. Mr. Cadogan, though he stays on at the Hesselton Inn for some wetks, does not take those active measures against Lady Ellerdale with which he threatened her. The fact is despair has sharpened her always keen wits, and she has developed a scheme, and propounded the 'same to her unscrupulous friend, which rather finds favour in his eyes. It is as follows : She has put before him plainly and forcibly the fact that, in the nature of things, it is impossible that she can go on supplying 'his extortionate demauds. In the first place she avers that the state of fear and anxiety in which he keeps her has already seriously underminded her health, and that very little more will kill her. He feels that there is truth in her statement that if she dies he will never be able to extract one penny from Lord Ellerdale. *Under these circumstances,' she goes on, 'dont you think it would be much better for you to secure a good certain income ?' 'Unquestionably I do, but there's a diffi culty that I've found insurmountable all my life about doing it.' ' I will tell you how,' she says, eagerly : ' by marriage. There is Miss Finlay, Lady Fitz slater's only child! a sweet girl, with plenty of money; you're just the sort of man to win her if you set about it the right way.' ' Miss Finlay is the young lady with eyes of the fashionable faded.leaf tint, and the rather opaque complexion, inn t she ?' 'She's not exactly pretty,' Lady Ellerdale is beginning, ' but she's exceedingly--' 'Amiable I know you're going to say; well at any rate we mean the same person. How is it that such a sweet, amiable girl has re mained so long unwon ?' 'I hear she has been very fastidious,' Lady Ellerdale says, determining to carry her point if persuasion will do it. 'Dear girl I how good of her; perhaps her .prophetic heart has told her to reserve herself for me; but do you know I hardly feel in clined to risk being bowled out one fine day as a bigamist. He lays emphasis which appears to be un pleasantly strong to Lady Ellerdale on the last word. She however resolves not to notice it, but just to go on pressing her plan upon him. 'Take my advice, and see more of her before you decide,' Lady Ellerdale urges, for she knows well that the gentle Georgie is quite ready to succumb to any man at the first advance. 'Think of what a position you would have in society as Lady Fitz. slater's son-in-law I She is a woman who is much sought and looked up to in spite of her hlittle eccentricities.' 'You see beauties and charms in every one to-day; how amiable you have grown. 'I recogijse woirth, and"admit it exists whenever I meet with it,' Lady Ellerdale says, 'And you recognise beauty, and admit it when it doesn't exist, such is the magnitude of your generosity. Well, introduce me to my future bride, and if possible I'll be tract able.' So it comes to pass that Mr. Cadogan stays on at Hesselton, and Miss Finlay feels that at last she is the heroine of a romance. This Mr. Casogan who has dropped from the clouds ins among the well-authenticated Hesseltonians seems indeed an angel visitant to heir. He is a sufficiently striking and good-look. ing.a man to command observation from most people, and admiration from all women. He is cool and nonchalant in manner to a degree that justifies the statement 4iss Fltlay presently feels called upon to make to the effect that he has always 'moved in the best society.' And he is evidently on terms at intimacy with Lady Ellerdale. Miss Finlay is not at all superior to the weakness of worshipping a title, and Lady Ellerdale is indispptably a peeress, whatever she may have been previous to the coup by which she carried the Earl. Additionally, aS the old song says; Man Is for woman mando, And woman's made for man. And no other man having evinced any dis position to prove that he has been specially made for her, it is not to be wondered at that Georgie Finlayshouldhold herselfio readiness to surrender her heart into his keeping at 1the ligshtest sign from him, - 