JOHN MARTIN AND COMPANY, LIMITED. Christmas is nigb, but a visit to Messrs. John Martiu and Company, Limited, ap parently brings it nearer. Founded early in the sixtiai. this busineHH haa made Dradimouii strides. The buildings, in which are included wholesale and retail departments, cover an tore, and flat upon flat ia stocked with goods pf almost every description. Indeed every inch of space even to the late founder's dining room ia used for one purpose or another. On Monday one of our reporters first made amove to the spaoioud showroom, where a busy throng were being attended to by the courteous ana obliging assistants. How the ladies' eyes muut feast on the endless and gay array of hats, il'jwuri, and feathers which are displayed to their full »iow aud make selection a much easier task than when the goods are stowed away in drawers. The windows facing Charles-street have been frosted nnd lettered according to the various departments, and along the Lnside are placed fixings with mirrors artistically embellished with muslin and holly Oat wean each. All the latest novelties, especially imported for the Christmas season, and which arrived by the last week's mail, have been opened up. Tho excellent tiuinjj-room in the corner is so arranged with mirrors that the ladies can admire themselves from all points of Dhe oom pane. Whiio one gazut) on the \nimated aceue the cash service tramways, worked by means of a catapult, fly overhead to and from tbo various sjitions, and owing to the pretsure of business the n at, work of wires has had to be increased. On baskets fixed up all round the columns are huug mautiea, blouats, shirts, and white aud oolomed drill costumes, lioota and »hou6 have a separate departmt-ut with an entrance from Charles-street. Passiug on further one enters an Arabian Nights enter tainment, as far as the youugdtura uro con cerned. Fanoy goods aud toya of every de scription are iu abundance, hanging from the coiling, piiad on tho shelves, and stacked on the tables. One ot the novelties ia a Japanese bamboo violin — a very ingenious contrivance, while among the torturing machines are toy pianos, musical box«a, squeaking figures, trumpets, pennywhibtles, aud, alas for one's ear-drum on New Year's live, foghorns innu merable to make uight hideous. Our reporter always thought that Father Christmas fought shy of glaring day, like Hamlet's ghost, but to his surprise he eaw a typical old Santa Claus in the real flesh and blood ; and, unlike the ghost, be did not seem an if the crowing of a cock would frighten him. The old friend of the kiddies, with a long, white, flowing beard, was dressed in red Cash mere srimmed with lambswool, and upon his venerable- looking head was a wreath of holly. Tbe youngsters must sample Santa Claus's wares, who, when tired of their importunities, retires to the window fantastioally arranged with toys of every description to rest his wearied limbs. The old man sits on hia chair quizzing the passers-by through a hoop of holly. Here the nocturnal visitor exoites even more curiosity, and the question with tha small fry in the street is—'' Wonder whether he's alive 'i' Stuffed dogs and cats sitting peaoeably side by side, oases adorned with preity Bohemian glassware, Chinese lanterns galores doll;- from an inch mite to others as big as a child, and possessing the advantage of un breakable feet, meet the eye in every direction. Standing at tho Rundle-strees entrance one sees right through to the end of the hand some showroom, and everywhere the eye alights ou toya, toys, tova. Children's buckets and epadea for the seaside ara made a epeuial feature. One of the mechanical figures is a ooloured gentleman who, with breast heaving aud a smile for every oue, plays away the livelong day on a banjo. An orchestral musical-box, whioh plays no less than twelve tunf-B, i« the source of much entertainment. Of '?riekatwue, ranging from the toy bat to tho real willow, there ia no end. After a hurried inspection of the extensive and largely ntookud wholeHule departments, in one of which was displayed endless quantities of enamelled ware, Japanese gooda, Christm»H cards, bam booeaseU, hats by the thousand, and perfumery. Our reporter paid a visit to the packing-room, whore an enormous amount of work was being carried out with expedition. The Managing Directors of the Company are Mebsri. 13. W. Hay ward and F. Hayward, and that tha bad times hava not atfeuted the flourisning busi ness ia shown by the fact that tho staff has increased since laet year from fifty to eeventy fivo. J. Martin & Co., Li- niled, have a wonderful show, and every one should make a point of seeing it. 