A SENSATION. 4 “ Step into my private office when you are at liberty, Mr Bennett; I would like to speak wish yon,” ... The request was made in terse, autho ritative tones, familiar enough to every man in the editorial department of the paper as those of Mr Priest, the* man aging elitor— an undersized, fussy little chap, with hair prematurely grey, tiny sharp eyes like a ferret’s, and enormous ears, that seemed designed by nature to catch all the news there was adrift. The latter organ he bad a peculiar fashion of .moving backwards when excited or inte rested—a mulish mannerism which had earned him rarioa3 nicknames. “ Yes. sir ; be there in five minutes,” answered Bennett. Then he added sotto voce, “ Wonder what the deuce is up now! Some idiot’s been complaining about a report, of course.” With this reflection the young man resumed his screed. At last the column of fiction, upon which he had expended a great deal of energy, was handed over to the city editor, aud an instant later Bennett had disappeared down the pas sage to confer with his chief. ■ “Wonder what Priest wants with him ?” said Godfrey, one of the stars of the staff, who had acquired local fame ' by virtue of a series ot “ beats” during his four months of service with the paper. “May be going to do tardy justice and raue lrs salary,” sail O’Dell, the coart man, rather cynically. “ Did you see Priest’s ears ?” asked little Davis, the junior member of the staff. “They stood straight out, and there’s something in the air, sure.” At this moment a. messenger entered to inform Godfrey that he, too, was tainted in the managerial sanctum, whereat the garrulous little Davis at once urged the correctness of his sur mise that an unusual “ something ” was transpiring behind the figured glass doors of the editorial room. “ Sit down, Bennett,” snapped the editor, a3 the young man entered. Priest was one of the class of men who seem to find their way into posi tions of influence and authority on newspapers without difficulty. He was not a writer, and, iu fact, con'd hardly construct a sentence correctly. He lacked most of the elements naturally supposed to be indispensable to success in such a place ; but Priest had other qualifications, added to a good nose for news, which appealed more strongly to the stockholders of the paper. Chief among them was his ability to play intj the hands of the business office, hold doirn writers’ salaries to the minimum and curtail the expenses of his depart ment generally. There were literary brains enough to be got for very little money, clever writers on any and all topics of the day, bit men of the Priest pattern were scarce. The air of the managing editor, as ho motioned Bennett to a seat, was pre occupied. He was always preoccupied when spoken to or approached by any hut the business manager. Then he was obsequious. His manner now said, as plainly as words could have said it, “ You are my subor rinate and must be duly impressed with the dignity of my position.” After gazing for some moments, with an' appearance of deep thought, at a social item of utter unimportance, which had slipped in among his correspondence | by mistake, Mr Prie-t dropped the little . slip of paper into his capacious waste basket, swung round in his chair and faced Jack Bennett. “ Mr Bennett, I’m going to detail you on an important piece of business,” he jerked. “Yes, sir,” replied Bjnnett, with a becoming show of interest. “You know, Mr Bennett,” continued the chief, “ all the main facts regarding the counterfeit five-dollar bills which have flooded the city daring the last few months.” “ I believe I am tolerably familiar with the matter, sir.” “ The fact is, Bennett,” aud the little man’s ears began to oscillate with in creasing rapidity, “ the fact is that every detective in the city has worked on this case for weeks at a time. They have all failed, and the search has been practi cally abandoned. The police acknow ledge themselves beaten, Bennett.” The editor brought his baud down on the arm of the chair with an emphatic thump. Then he leaned forward as to give weight to his words. “ Now, then, I have always held that a good reporter i3 the best detective iu the world. You have done some very good work for the paper, Bennett—very good, indeed. You will take this case. Devote your whole time to it, follow up every con ceivable clue, run these fellows to earth, aud—well, if you succeed, it will make a difference in yonr salary. Yon will take any other man of the lucal staff yon may desire to assist you. I should suggest Godfrey. He’s a bright fellow, quite up to the work, I should think.” “ 1 think Godfrey is the right man, eir,” answered Bennett. Godfrey entered a moment later in response to a summons by telephone. The nature of the business on-which he was detailed was explained to him, and then both men were dismissed with the injunction to do their best. The task set these two reporters waB by-no means an easy one. Detectives, and reputably smart ones, had worked : on the rounterfeiting case for months ; but, as the editor said, no clue, however 1 faint, had beeu found to the makers of the base five-dollar notes. A week after he had been detailed on 1 the matter Jack Bennett sat lounging ! in an arm-chair at his rooms, examining \ onie of the spurious bills for the hun- 1 dradth time. He had just succeeded, ' with the aid of Godfrey, in running ’ down a clue, wh'ch, like a dozen other 1 supposed clues, had proven false. A ( week is a long time in a newspaper i office, and Bennett was beginning to 1 chafe at his want of success in finding a i single thread to work on, j “ A bad beginning—a deuced bad t beginning,” he mused. I Taking a cigar from his lip3, he l again minutely examined the counter- t feit-. It was almost perfect. A slight j difference perhaps in the textnre of the paper between this aud the genuine bill, * hut. the lettering was clear and exact, the ink black aud the printing without i a flaw. None but an expert could have t discerned the fraud. * ", Then Bennett fell to thinking of t certain difficulties he bad encountered in this investigation, which had so far proved profitless. Sometimes he had ( thought Godfrey was jealous of the f precedence given another in the case, i Sometimes his assistance and sugges- c tions seemed half hearted. Still there ii jrere times when he was feverishly t anxious to bunt down a newly dis covered clue. There was no doubt ef the man’s ability. Godfrey had worked up two or three affairs single banded in a manner that proved him a thoroughly capable man, and yet there was some thing aboHt his efforts to rnn down these counterfeiters that seemed but half sincero. Little was known of Godfrey in the office. He floated in on the boom tide, just when a good man was badly needed. Jim Durnald, one of the best men Kansas City ever saw, had succumbed to the effects of six years’ continnons work in the same chiir, and was, at the time of Godfrey’s advent, a hopeless paralytic in a sanitarium somewhere in the central part of the state. The poor fellow imagined' he had purchased a controlling interest in the stock of two railroads and a steamship company. Of course every one was sorry for Durnald, But in a newspaper office there is very little room for sentiment. Jim was “ out of the running,” and it was necessary to get a man in bis place at once When Godfrey applied for the job Fawcett, the city editor, pat him on, and it took but a- few days to demonstrate thar a first rate all-around man had been secured. Bennett thoaght over his associations with the new man and could find no reason for complaint. Mentally resolving, however to adopt a new line of research on the folio «ing day, he was about to retire when a knock at the door startled him. It was the sharp wrapping of some one in a harry. “ Jack—3ay, Jack ! Get up and let me in, old fellow!’’ cried the outsider. Bennett recognised the voice as that of young Davis. He walked to the door, turned the key, and and threw it “ Why, Davis, what is the row ?” he exclaimed. “ You look as if you had seen a ghost!’’ For tho junior mem ber of the staff was very pale and very much excited. Davis assumed an air which told plainly that he had a disclosure to make The youngster dre v up a chair, lighted one of Bennett’s cigars and replied to his friend's query with the cool question,— “ How are you getting on with the case, Bennett ?” “ Wiiat case ?” “ Come, old chap,” went on the youth, “ I haven’t been in this business as long as you have, but I have learned enough to pick up a piece of news before I fall over it.” “ Well, what have you picked up now ?’’ asked Bennett, rather discon certed by the pecu'iar manner of bis colleague. Havis pitched his hat into a corner, stnffed both bands deep down into his trousers pockets, and with an air of qaiet assurance proceeded. “ What I came here for at this uuearth!y hour of the night wa3 to put you on the right tack and help yon capture those ‘ queer ’ pushers. “ You are all wrong.” said the lad with peculiar emphasis on the last three words. “ Look here, Davis, what are yon driving at ? And Bennett rose to his feet. “ Oh, now, don’t treat me like a child !” interposed the other indignantly. “ I’m onto the whole game. Yon are working on this counterfeiting story, and Godfrey’s working with you—that is. he is supposed to be. Am I right “Suppose you are right — what then 7” said Bennett, guardedly. “ Wh it then 7” cried Davis, sitting bolt upright, “why, jnst what I said before. Y ou’re on the wrong lay, clear off the scent, I tell you. Look here, Bennett,” he continued in an excited voice, “ I’ve been working on this thing for two months. There is a thousand dollars reward offered for the capture of the gang, don’t yon see, and what I want is the reward.” Bennett could not repress a smile. The vanity of this youngster amused him immensely ; but Davis was a bright sort of little chap, and a fellow couldn’t help liking him. “ I’ve followed np every clue,” he went on. “ Hundreds of them have amounted to nothing, but I tell you Bennett,” and the lal’s face flashed with the excite ment he felt, “ I’m onto the whole deal now. I’d bet my life against a dollar that I can run these fellows to earth in a couple or days.” Dennett was interested now, and he was never wider awake in his life than when, turning sharp round on his heel, he pushed the excited junior member into a chair and took np a position be fore him. 11 Out with it now! What do you know ?” he said somewhat fiercely. The lad shrugged his shoulders as a man will who is sure of his position, and replied calmly— J “ Well, turn about is fair play. What do you know 7” “ To be frank with yon, I have dis covered nothing.. The whole case looks jnst as blank as it did a week ago, when I was put on it,” answered Bennett. “ That’s what I thoaght,” said the pouth. “Now, I’ll tell you something. It’s not altogether fame I’m after in this ihing, Bennett. I need that one thou sand dollars. Laugh, if you like. Laugh pour head off. The fact remains that if [ had the thousand dollars I’d get mar ■ied in less than no time.” “ A laudable idea, my boy—very fine,” anghed Bennett. “Er—who is the adv ?” “ Dolly Taylor, of Omaha. Sweetest ittle girl in the world. I have known i ier all mv life—went to high school rith her—know all abont her, and love ier all the more the more I know of her. Chew are only two in the family—just Jolly and her mother. There’s a , irother, somewhere, but he’s the black beep of the family—been in some bad crapes, I’m told, bnt they never men- ' ion him. The fathers dead, you know, ] nd it’s a case of ’highly respectable 1 soverty. Well, to cut it short, that j honsand dollars would come in awfnlly iandy, and I never miss a chance, Ben iett. Will yon help me to carry this < hing out 7 Give me the money, and 1 on take the glory. Will you do it 7” i “ Yes, yes,” replied the other hastily. 1 Now tell me the story,” , “I had better begin with the most mportant fact,” said Davis, deliberately ( tuning over the leaves of his note book, i 1 Here is the entry. It is dated just e hree honrs ago. It reads like this “ ‘ Godfrey is the counterfeiter’ ” ] “ Eh! Why, what the denoe 1 By ieorge, yon are crazy. God rey, one of the beet -all - round < ewspaper men in the West, a member I f this gang 7 Oh, come, Davi3, this e i all rot—otter idiocy," and Bennett * egan to pace the floor hastily. Then he I went on, as though arguing the propo sition in his own mind. “ Still, I don’t know, either. There have , been one or two queer things—” He glanced at Davis. That young gentleman hai placidly closed his note book, and was waiting for his friend to calm down. “ Go on with your story,” said Ben nett. “ It ws3 quite by chance,” Davis re sumed, “ that I got my clue. I was down at Schaef< r's place to-night look ing up a piece of news, when there was a row at the bar. A swell-looking chap had tried to ring a flash five on Bill, the bar-tender. Bill had him by the scrufl of the neck, and was going to send foi the police. The man protested violently that he was all right, and offered a large roll of bills in evidence ; bnt Bill was obdurate, and there would have been a pinch all right if something hadn’t turned up in the nick of time. How, what do you think happened ?” “ Give it up.” “ Just then Godfrey stepped ovei from one of the billiard tab es cool as you please, shook hands with the man. swore to the bar-tender that he was al right, and asked Hill as a personal favoi not to disgrace him by arrest. Yoi know Godfrey is chums with everj detective and patrolman in,the town, and Bill knew him well as the polic< reporter of our paper. The npshot of th< thing was that he just turned the swel loose and apologise 1. The lattei langbed at the adventure, bought drinks for all the loafers, and everybody for^oi it. What impressed me was the ex pression of the man’s face. Yon nevei in yonr life saw an innocent man go bc “ Well, what then ?” “ I kept my eye on the chap, and pretty soon he got over to the table where Godfrey was still playing billiards They had a brief talk, and, as soon as the game was over, Godfrey went onl alone. There wa9 a big crowd in the place, and he had not seen me. I had a mind at first to follow him, bnt on second thoughts determined to shadow the other fellow. In a few moments lie went out, too. I was on the other side of the street in a jiff*. He went chrough the front door of Harper’s place on Topeka-strcet, and I was after him like a shot. As I entered the front door he disappeared through the back dooi into the alley. Tnere was no one look ing. and like a flash I seized the nig ger’s coat from the wall, threw it over my shonlders and wa ked oat into the alley. My hat wan pnlle 1 over my eyes and even Dolly would not have known “Well?” cried Bennett, who was now visibly agitated. “Well I found them there. Thej were talking in the shadow of the build ing, and of course I did not dare stop My object was to find them together. That settled the thing in my mind, bai I followed farther to make sure. I’ve tracked them to Godfrey’s room, and now I know enough to justify a raid.” “Yon confounded yonng ’un !*' gasped the excited Bennett, “ I believe you’re smarter than the lot of ns. Hang 1 me, if I don’t believe you’re right J” “ Bight 1” exclaimed the youth in a sort of shriek. “Of course I’m right. Why, man, don’t yon see the game— Godfrey’s, I mean ? He’s a crack o’ jack at the business. Knows something abont newspaper work, makes application for a job and gets the very ran he most wantB—police. He works hard, is a good writer, gets in with all the detec tives and patrolmen, and he knows just abont what they are all doing. Why, he even travelled ronnd with them working on this very case. Right !” added the exciied yonng sleuth, panting for breath. “ Why, it’s the greatest graft on earth, and the grafter, like Caamr’s wife, above suspicion.” When would yon suggest making the arrest ?’’ asked Bennett. “ Godfrey will be alone in his room after midnight. We must manage it alone—us two. If the police make the capture we sh'all lose both the credit and the reward. The room is Number Twenty, top floor of the Perry block. It must be done to-morrow night. If anything scares these chaps, it’ll be all day with our plans.” “ To-morrow, then,” said Bennett. “ Be here at ten o’olock, sharp, and we can arrange details then. I’ll take care of Godfrey dnriDg the day, and yon keep out of sight. Fow skip out and go to bed. We need a rest before tackling this job. Oh, by the way, bring a gnn with yon! ’’ he concluded. The cuckoo clock on Bennett’s mat cackled two as Davis left the apartme At a quarter past twelve Fawcett, city editor, sat lolling in his Bpring chi having one of those little breath! spells that come rarely to a city man a morning paper. A sadden, almi cyclone, rn9h into the local room brouj Fawcett np standing in an insta The new arrival was Bennett. Blc was trick ing from a long scratch on 1 face, and his clothing gave evidence tl he wa3 fresh from an encounter. “What is it Bennett?” asked t city editor, scenting a sensation. “Got ’em,” answered the other, brief grasping, a tab of paper. “Got t leader of the gang like a rat in a tri It’s Godfrey. We’ve tied him up, a: Davis is standing over him with a gun “ What! ” shrieked Fawcett, ai then recovering himself, “ Great Scot Hot staff, old man ! Get right at R Bennett’s pencil began to fly swifl )ver the paper. “The gang of counterfeiters, who ihrewdness has proved too much for t jest detectives in the country, hare astbeen ran to earth. The details ;he capture, and the events leading i K> it, famishes one of the most remarl ible pages in criminal history.” The rest of the story was nev vriiten. The half covered page of co] vas tom from Bennett’s hand. I ooked up angrily, for time was shoi there, ghastly pale, and trembling fro i68d to foot, stood Davis. “ ^ome out quick !’.’ he gasped. Bennett rushed after him to tl ilevator. They entered the car just , Fawcett called to Bennett to rush t his copy. In Heaven’s name, what’s tl natter?’’cried Bennett, excitedly. But Davis °nly gasped for breat md pulled the other ont of the lift t rards the street door. Once in tl treet he spoke. ■ ‘ yoa ma8t not write that stor —I ve let the fellow go.” “ What l ” 85 “I’ve let him go, I tell you. F< »od s sake, don t write the story, Jacl ts my story, and you shan't write it! ^nwn118^ hesit,ted before replyioj IU teU you why. After we’d tied tl ulow op, sad you esme down ben I write the story, I saw a girl’s picfcnre on the. table. I believe my blood almost froze in my veins as I looked at it, for the picturewas of her 1 It was Dolly’s photograph—don’t yon see? The man’s her brother—the scapegrace, the vagabond—the—the—” Bennett was undergoing a straggle— a terrible straggle. If he wrote the story, he would deserve to be kicked all the way to the. Pacific coast. If he didn’t write it, he would certainly be kicked oat of the office. It was Davis who got the story. He knew that well. Yet the paper woald never recognize such an excase. The faces of the twain shone white in the lights of the street lamp. Davis was watching his companion eagerly. “Yon won’t write it, Jack?” he begged almost piteonsly. “ No, old chap, I won’t, not if the whole press of the country tarns its back on me. Como, youngster, we’ve got to shake this town. It’s too hot to hold us.” At daybreak, next morning, two nnkempt follows boarded a Chicago train at a way station ten miles from Kansas City. The morning paper con tained a garbled story abont a capture and a daring escape, bnt the < nly two men who knew the inside of the aff.tir were speeding East-ward as-. fast /as. steam could cary them. The whole affair was a great sensation in news paper circles, and there were a good many theories evolved to account for the extraordinary behavior of certain absentees. Bribery was freely hinted at, bnt there were those who knew that some thing more than money had prompted Bennett to throw up the biggest beat of the year. Little Priest swore pompously that he would b'acklis". both men in every newspaper office in America, bnt despite the threat Bennett is now one the mo3t vatued men in New York, while little Davis has grown into a big, strapping fellow. He is the sporting editor of a Chicago daily, and his wife is a pretty little girl whose name was Dolly Taylor, and her residence Omaha. 