Crystals. Have you any fowls of your own? Likewise how are you off for nerves ? Because we are told a number of ' open dens of wild beasts ' will parade tlie town to- day. Well, as long as the wild beasts them selves, with their open countenances, don't do the parading on their own account, it's all right. Little men are wonderfully condescending towards big men. * Wallace Nelson allows that. Mcllwraith is not wholly devoid of every kind of ability. Wallaee will never succeed in politics if he treats opponents so generously as this ? That is, not in the politics he has chosen. Fancy the A.L.F. peopie accrediting a candidate who saw the ghost of a redeeming feature in M'llwraith ! Which brings to mind the brand new variety of ghost raised dowa Dubbo way. The nnn supplying this phantom, orrathcr phantomless visitant, is evidently as dead as '.' a red herring without being aware of it. It's awfully good of him keeping himself unseen lest he should frighten people. It would be still more considerate if he also kept himself unheard and unfelt. But reason is thrown away on ghosts and female suffragists. - - The Greek squalls, although Wragge gave them a long start of the Hebrew, have been losing ground of late. ? _ But now they have put on a spurt, and Kappa is coming. It is to be hoped that the people up north and down south are flattered by the atten tions of their classical visitors. Dibbs thinks women are better at home than electioneering. At the same time he will seriously con sider about sending them electioneering. You see he has to consider not what is best for women but what is best for the Government. It is suspected the Richmond Needle has pricked a good many life bubbles in her time. Only that marriages are made in Heaven and not in the other place, she would have proved a congenial helpmate for the lamen ted Deeming. Down that way too a nurse has emulated her of ' Pinafore ' by ' mixing the babies up.' But there the parallel stops. In Pinaforte ' not a creature knew it.' If that had been the case in the later mixing up it would have been all right. The fact that the creature of a nurse knew it and could keep it to heiself is icspousible for the trouble. A Sydney correspondent of an esteemed and intelligent contcmpoiaiy speaks of a .hastily got up dinn'ci in a mansion as an 'al Jrcseo' feed. And the intcligcnt one swallowed it as such. Wonder who it wa* got too diinik to kil our Sam. If some of Sam's ancient friends could only identify him, they wouldn't get too drunk. Some of the Meringandan cows cive awfully rich milk. One cow-keeper finds it much more pro fitable to sell his butter at 4d. a pound than his milk at 2*d. a gallon. Perhaps his cow swallowed a separator and only lets down the cicam. The (five)-' strong Opposition '-have come out with a liberal programme. Those who have nothing cannot err in promising plenty. Nine groggeiies were raided in one night in the temperance settlement of Mildura. Prohibition, thy name is sly tipple, and lashioiu of it. In the Clifton 'distribution' six chances - v were divided amongst 3910 subsciibers, or one to 651J. _, , ; , , More than the 3 were disappointed. » The'country is, too poor even for lotteries. * 7— Once upon'~a time the '47006 eiufiessof the Clifton distribution would have filletl* in. a week. ,. -- , , ,',u jj. v Now there isnothinfft^ fill them with, and ', 1* the Courier mniiwro'.'t nave any more money »jp' * in' the' covntry. ? ? ' -J-v '\ir , ^?caado'verv well as it-i:. * r „' ^,v- \ 