OUR AMERICAN LETTER. PETEll JACKSON. Bluffed Again by Corhett. A NOVEL ntOJL'OSITION. Tlint Tlioy Should Fight in a Tpu-foot lting. CORBETT WILL NOT FIGHT. -FITZSIMMONS AND GREEDON TO FIGHT TO -A FINISH. GltlFFO. 1 ' lie is a Big Favorite, AND HATCHED 'TO 'MEET. JACK M'AULIFFE, . In a Toil-Round Contest. JIM BA.RRON AND ALLEN FIOHT A TWJS5TI-K0UXD DIM.W. Barrou'fl Hands Smashed. IOJI RYAN GOF.S POll GEOKGE DAWSO.V, And Wants a FJjhe at an Early Date, (Fbosi Onii Special Commissioner.) Sis Viiin-cihco. August 21. 1894. While Jim Corbott was on tho other iiiJo of tlio Atlantic ho winged koms ohoraotoriatio rnoasagea uoroa3 to bin many admirors and tho pnblio generally at thia ond. Particularly was this the caso (luring tho lost days of bin ?sojourn itt tbo 'tight littlo islo.' Some of tho InttorH Jim sent homo woro to privato niid' particular friends, othara woro 'uocoaaarily for publication, bat thoy all had the Bamo twang to them. Tho burdon of Jim's lay — oaalcle wonld bo a raoro suitablo word— was to tbo offeot that ho had amassed groat heaps of English gold, that ho wai tho only American pugiliat who bad accomplished anything in that liuo, and that tho English bated him accordingly, and that onco hu put foot on Amorican soil ho intended to mako Putur Jackson fight or Uy tho country. 'Well, rotor it still hero, bo is Jim, and Tin afraid tho Imrvoat of English ' suVrius ' ia still iinguruered. Wo Btay-ut-homcs hud n 3U3pioion right along that Jim's English tour wasn't a howling success financially. EIbo why did ho cut short bin Drnrylauu soason,- jump to 'Gav Paroo'aud do a.sincle-handed bap pinching turn at ono of tho- Vaudevillo Shown ? Bn t Jim mid bin onnning sido partner, Mr. Lilly Jirady, kopt systematically Bending us linns across tbo foam that they woro corralingall the money in sight, and it Boomed, nugraciouB not to boliovo them, and rejoioo with them at tlm glad tidings. - It was noticed, however; that tho oombina tion canto homo in soctions like a straudod 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' Company, and doubt began to ho folt ngn-ln 'ua to whether tbo liritishoriihad aftor all yielded up their ahokols na lavishly as tho Gentleman Jack people mado out. First Billy Urady camo along, and in hi» ileoonnutr manner told how tho London reason had proved all that it had been braokod up to bo. A few days later Jim himself horo in flight, and ho corroborated Brady. I might remark incidentally that Jim was complimented oitensively bocauao bo did not bring back with him v ' . AS ENGLISH ACCKNT AND A SOI'KIIOILIOOS STAKE, commodities which Jako Kilrain is acensod of having introduced in tho Land of tho Free on tbo ocraoion of his roturn from his first trip 'to England. .Moreover, tho fact that Jim did sot return to his u.-itivo laud clad in English toggery was made another source of congratu lation. Jim himself j»aid tho only thing bo bought wbilo he was away was a hat, bnt mind yon thoro waH no one mean onough to ?uggont that this failure to invest in English notions in the clothing lino was duo to a deplotod exchequer. On tho contrary, it waa paraded as a proof of tbo ultra loyalty of tbo young Amorican athlete that instead of tricking himself out in tho ImbilimonU affeotod by the clwellora in perOdious Albion, ho waited patiently until he xt.ruck bis natiro heath boforo replenishing his wardrobe Jim had a good deal to say regarding Eng land and tho Engli«!i— somo of which I will ?rofer to lator on— but I want to toll you just how lirndy'a and Jim's glowing acoounta of tboir huccossos abroad woro knockod galloy West by THE PEATTL1NO TONOUZ OF A. LITTLE ' SOL'llltETTK. Tbo nrtiBto in rinostion was Miss Florrie went 'back tboro again as one of tho attractions of C'orbfttfn company. Florrio roturnod to How York a few days after Corbott, uud told » the nowepapors that sbo bad to pay hor own passage buck irom tho other sido. The roason sbo did this, nho uxplainod, was bo causosho objected to being ferriod across tho Atlantic in tho second cabin of a cattlo boat, that being tbo fate that befol tho romainder of tbo company. Florrio said further that tbo Corbett season in England bad proved A TIZZLE Of TIIK WORST KIND, that tho best* peoplo failed to attend Itbo Gontloman Jack show at Drary Lane, and that tbo yonng men of tbo athletic clubs bad Bent Corbott to Coventry bocauso ho bold bis head too high at the ouUot and rofused an Invitation to onn of their sparring entertain ments. Miss West's htory was printed and circulated far and wido throughout thy United States, and it waa interesting to noto that it brought forth no responso from Corbott or Brady. Whun Brady sot foot in Now York ho au Bonncod that Corbett was following in hU wake with no other ambition in Hfo but TO OKT JACKSON' INTO THE ItlNO. Of courso Urady knew that them woro only two places thia nido of tho liuo wbore the mill . conld bo bandied junt now— to wit, tho Southern States and England, and lie had beon informed with tho rost that Jackuon conld not bo drawn South by a fleet of loco motives. * Aakcd why Corbott would not aonsont to battlo in England, Brady replied that tho Amorican could not got a square deal thoro. That tho club peoplo wero Jackson's friondH to a man, and that Jackson hiniselt bad been inundating London with lotto™, urging his oroniea to got Corbott to fight thoro by hook or . by crook. Furthermore, that tho club which ?wanted tbo fight would only armngo for a 20 round contest, and that such a match would not ' unit Jim, who waa a finish fighter and nothing elm). Bnt Brady capped it all by saying that Corbott bad ono Rpocial reason for not wiiliing to fight iu London. Thia reason Corbett would mako known himself whon ho oaina ?long, and wbon tho publin board it they . wouldn't blame Pompadour Jim for tbo stand he took. Jim put in an nppenranco in duo liino, but .;. ho failed to divulge tho mysterious lnfaruuv tiou roforrod to by Brady. About tho most damaging thing Jim had to Bay about tho ; . English clubs was that tho rings woro small, »ml that the swells who congregated around ? thorn HAILED AT THE FIGHTERS if they wore doing slow work, »nd urged thorn . M to ttoklf eMll otbtr like bull-dogs. Jim repeated the argnmtnt uned by Bradr, to wit, that ho didn't think ho would got A SQUAB* SHOW IN HNQLAND, and ho hinted that ho thought Jackson ought to reconsider his determination anont not righting in the South. On tho following day he ombollishod Ids argumont still furthor by announcing that bo believed Jaokton wm trying to ilndgo the light altogether. If »uoh were not tho caao. Mild Jim, Jacknon would havo boon iu N.nv York to moid him and talk ovor mat ton. He concluded by suylug that he opened with his show in Now Jorsuy on August 10, and that 119 mattor how booh urtiulos woru signed ho would rcviniro six inoiitliH at least to ol.ipBO boforo tbo date of thn light. ? - I'oter was in S.ui Franoiuno all this tiino. Ho intended going Kast wooks boforo, but was delayed owing to tho big railroad strike. Then, when tho railroad troubles endod, ho docidod to stay horo and allow the. much travelled Corbott to arrive iu peace, and give tho pugilistic bull the llr.it kink. Just as soon as Corbott and Urady doularod themselves I hunted up Fetor and nuked him what be had to say. -In tho moiuitiiuo, tolo grains pourod in from tho East asking if Juok son would light South undor any cirouin Btaueos, and to all of those repliot woro nonl that Corbotta might como ilnd Corbotts might go, hut that y ? ? , rCTEll WOULD STAY NOItTlt FOR EVER. ' I havo nothing against the soutboru sport ing mon,' said Jaolcson to mo. ' I havo mot a groat number of thoni in Now York and olsewhoro, and tbor aro an thorough-going us the northern Het. It is not tho sporting mon proper, that I am ufraid of, but llio rabblo. No ono in this country uuods to bp told of the intouso hatred of my raoo that o'xista 'south '; and I firmly boliovo that if' I whipped Oor bott, oriiuy othor whito man dowu tboro, I WOULD UE SHOT IIEFORE I COULD LEAVE ??.',- , THE niNO. Now, I will ask any reasonablo man if, after Corbott making ? tho - statomont that' ho couldn't got fair play in Eugland on aooount of my frioniia, X wouldn't bo in a woreo plight fighting south, whoro I would not only havii Corbolt's .friouda, but tho race projudiooHo oontond ngiiiu'st. ? : ??':'?? ;: 'Corbott also said— and Brady said the same— that groat offortu woro miulo In Eng land to .cooroe him into flghtins ' i20.-ronnds, and that ho did not want anything but a finish light, as that was his bost hold. It ap pears to mo that both Corbott and Brady for gottho time thoy wantod mo - ? . TO MAKE A TEN-ROUND 3TAT0II IN NEW Tonir, ' ' and hintod that thoro waa big monoy in suoh an affair. I was just about departing for England at tho timo, being signed to ilgbt Frank Slaviu, so of courso I could not accopt. 1 just mention it now to show that Corbott must huvo discnvorod sinoo that timo that finish fighting is bin forto. ,, . 'Now I feel like ignoring tho nsporsiona Corbott casts upon my sincerity in this matter, forlguom every fair-minded porson who ban watchod how tho oat jnmpod knows oiaotly what has caused Ibo delay in our coming to gothor. ? In tho first place, wo woro signed to tight in Juno 'of this year, and knowing this Corbett inado auch avrangomonta boforo ho fought Charlio Mitcholl as would ousuro his being in England in Juno. Does that look as if ho was tbo man who wnsbungry for a fight? And oven boforo ho wont to England wo had a gonuino offer of a ?lO.OQOdol purso from acrowd of sports - living near Mount .Clemens, Jlichigan. Thoy woro ready to put up a forfeit of I0,000dol, to bo dividod botwoon Corbott and myaolf if thoy failod to bring tho fl'fht off,. but Corbott and Urady insistud on tiio. whole forty thousand going up as a for feit, and, of oourso, tho peoplo wouldn t ngreo to that, and tho arrangomonts foil throneh. I am not putting the blame on Cor bott bocauao thoro is no suitable place in sight to havo tho fight now, but'Iiun froo to say that before 'ho went to England bo did not bolp in' tbo hunt for a battle-ground, and, moreover, whonovor any place cropped up that soomod to have a fair obanco of handling tho match, Corbott iiumodiutoly proooodod TO T3 ROW COLD WATER ON THE PROPOSITION. '' Going back to tbo English offer, I will say that I would rathor fight Corbett or any othor man to a finish than meot them in nlimited go, bat whon you can't got a finish fight it strikes mo that a twontyrouud go is a protty good thing. Of courso in such a match it would be Etipulatod that tboro must bo a winner, and under such conditions a man will fight ovory inch of tho way if ho oaros a button about the decision. . , ' Corbott, I boo, said that bo conld not understand why I wasn't on hand to moot him wbon tho stcamor arrived. I must Bay that I admiro his norvo. Does ho think, I wondor, that ho is free to ignore all our arrangements and travel whorovor ho pleases, and that 1 am to do nothing but dan 00 uttoudanco on him all tho3-carrouudf 'Now, I am making arrangomonts to leave for How York within the next couplo of days, and I will got thcro boforo Corbott opens his theatrical season. I feel Bomohow, though, that nothing will come of the conference ; and 1 havo a liugoring suspioion that Corbott only wanta mo thoro to oreato a deal of talk aud BOOM THE OPENI.VO OF HIS SHOW. 'lam getting tirod of all this dolay, and I'm going to make this one last effort to bring about tbo match. If I fail I will wait six months longer, and if at the ond of that time things are in tho ganio shapo that they aro now ; .-.-?''? I WILL RETIRE PER3IAXKNTLT mOM THE ??'??? RiNO; .'?'?'? and loavo whoever will to soramblo for the ohamplonship.' . ; I publiabod my talk with Jaolcson, and it was toJographod East by local representative* of big papers there, and appoared in Now York, Chicago, aud Boston on tho samo morn ing that it camo out in tbo Examiner. Corbott, in roply, aaid that bo was vory Korry Jaokson romained so firm about fighting in tho South. Ho hardly saw what Peter had to foar, for ovou if tho crowd around the ring were to broak up tbo fight at a timo when Jaokson waa ahead on goucral reaulta, Jackson would got all tho hudot, tbo samo an if ho had boon allowed to knock hiB opponont cold. 'Wbon Peter read this ho romarked that it wasn't- so mueh boing robbod of n doctaion ho foarod ? AS HEINO MADE A CORPSE OF. IIo could survivo unfair treatment, so far OB tbo showing mado within tho ropos was con cernod, but ho had a pronounced objection to being mado tho occupant of alone graro dowu in tho orange-blossom country. Jim assutnod that mystorioua manner of his again, and said that ho had something to whispor iu Jackson's ear when ho arrived iu New York which would mako Peter alter his opinion of a fight in tbo South altogether. What that ' something ' was bo refused to stato until bo mot .Jaokson faco to face. This is as good a timo an any to inform my roadors that they met and drifted apart again, and yet tho mysterious whispor lias not up to dato boon hoard by Jacksou or any ono else. Peter loft this city and wont Uast as fast as bo reasonably could, just laying oVor a few hours in Chicago to attend to some private biisinons. Ho arrivod in Now York on Mon day, August 13, and was mot by Tom (J'Uourke, managor of Goorgo Dixon. Tho pair put up at tho Grand Union Hotol, and thither during tho afternoon did repair in dramatic manner Jamos J. Corbott, Champion of tbo Amorican World, and his windy theatrical partnor, Billy Urady. COitDKTT AND JACKSON PACE TO FACE. It is hardly necessary to atato, I suppose, that Corbutfs party numbered a lot of ro portors and friends of tho Amorioan pugilist. Now what happened when Polor aud Jim mot faco to face was told in sovoral different ways by tho paporn noit morning. But it was worthy of note that Corbett was placed in a good light throughout tho intorviow, and that Jaokson was pictured as tbo man who did not want to como to tirno. Ho was quoted, iu fact, im saying that ho would not fight any whoro but in England, and a twenty round fight at that, whon I can vouch for it that Jackson is ready to fight anywhoro and any kind 01 a fight for any kind of a purse, so long as ho is allowed to Itoep on THE SAFE BIDE OP MASON AND DIXON'S LINE, Tho Examinee correspondent in his tolo graphio account of tho intorviow says that Corbott, when alighting from his cab in front of tbfi hotol, to call on Jnokson, mado the romark, ' I'll nail this follow yet.' Then he axcended to Jackson's room and said to Fetor, ' I wuut to fight you right away, and I camo to son you about it.' 'You're nothing but a bloffor,' Jaokson is credited with saying. ' You'ro been bluff inn right along.' 'You'ro a binffor yonraolf, and I don't want to nail you a liar,' retorted Corbett. Thou thoy spoko of tho South as a battle '''I'won't go South, and that lettUs that part of it.' said Jaokson. ' And I won't go to England nndor. Any cir cumstances,' said Corbott. ' I don't beliovo I'd bo treated fairly in England ; I feel the samo way about England that you do aboat th« South.' 'Ifln»ia whit* man 'I'd have no heiita tton in Rolnu South to fight you,' oame fiaai Peter. ' Woll, I'll fight you anywhere to a finish,' said Corbett, finally, ' I know I can boat you in n finish fight, although you might last the twenty rounds which you havo all along urged ua tho limit.' Jackpnu remarked that ho had waited Cor batt'ti pleasure for three years, and that thoro had linen plenty of opportunities of bringing the fight off, but that Corbott had siguod first with Sullivan and then with Mitchell, aud had left him (Jaokson) out in the nold until pugilifim was praotically daail iu tho North, lie went so far as to say that ho would allow Corbott to take an American roforee to Eng land with him if ho would go there and light, but this offer Corbett refused. Finally it was suggested that tbo bout thing to do was to draw dowu tho atakoa and oall theniutoh off. Feeling that Jnokson had boon givon none tho bettor of it in tho published reports of tho interview. I prevailed upon tho Bxaminku to get Jaukson's stutomont of the case over his own signature. This was douo without dohiy, and the New York representative of tho paper waited upon Peter immediately on boiujr tele gruphod to do so, JACKSON R STATEMENT. ' I am glad of tho opportunity to lot my San Fruiicisoo friends know what transuirod, said Potor, ' for there wasn't a singlo Now York paper nublishod an unbiassed account of tho couferenco.' Coming down to tho timo whon Corbott oullod upon him, Potor said : 'In response to a knock, at the door I opened it, and. Mr. Corbott oamo in with his baton. Ho was fol lowed' by Brady and a lot of Now York roportors. Whon all had ontorod, I shut tho door. Corbett had l'oiio to ono oud of the room and sat down. Ho hadn't Baid a word. I sat on a chair alongside of him and looked at him. I said, 'Well?' Thon ho put out his hand und wo shook. 'It's hardly worth while recounting all the talk that took place botwoon us, but roally I didn't do inuoh of it. Aftor I Baid ' well,' Jim said ho camo to see about arranging for a fight. I told him that I had that purpose in view wbon T loft. San Franoisoo. Thon wo wrangled. 'I said we could moot in London. Ouo of Corbott's party Baid wo couldn't fight to a finish in London. . .: . ? . !'Tlion Brady had aomothinsr to Bay. I told Corbott ho o'uco said ho was willing to moot me ilia ton-round go. Ho aiiBworod that 'by rotnarkiug that at that timo ho waa not tho champion. Corbett sold he couldn't got a squaro show in England, and. that ho would, havo to off or tho Bamo objection % to fighting thoro that I should ngainat meeting him iu tho South. I told him that if wo, woro iutorforbd with at thoNational Club I would lot him havo thostakos. ' 'Woll, wo almost ngreod to fight in Lon don. At least I thought bo, when somo othor porson in tho Corbott party Baid, ' How about the refereo, Jim I Of courdo you'll tako him from Aniorica.' . ' I said that tho sporting men in England wore honorablo, and that it would bo u ruflon tion on thoni uot to seloct a rof eroe f rom among them. - ' Thoro woro so many murmurs of disap proval at, my remarks, and Corbott anoorod in such a mannor, that I nudged O'ilourke, and both of us wont out of tho room. Wo talked ovor tho roforoo buainoss, and I ngroed that if tho only thing whioh provbutod Corbott from mooting mo in London was tho want of an Amorioan rcforeo, I would waive that point. Now sea what a disadvantage I would bo under, for I know vory fow peoplo horo, whilo overybody knows Corbott, and is f rieudly to him. - , 'Anyway, when I camo out of the, room where 1 bud boon talking with O'Kourko, aud -nnnouuood to'tuo urowd;that I would agroo to an American referee, Corbott said that ho wouldn't fight iu England, anyway.' , Thon I said, ' Jim, you'ro a big bluff.' ; ' 'Then uoarly ovory ono of thoso presont— all Corbott's friends, mind you— had some thing to say aud, woll, yon know tho rosult. I roally boliovo that if I had agreed right thon and tboro to fight in tho South, Corbott would .hays' squirmed out of 'it. Woll, lot him call hiniselt Champion of America if it does him any good ;.-but I won't lot my money stay up any lo'nger no that he can boom his theatrical tour by using my namo. ? Thosu who' know, me iu San Frauciaco aro well aware that I came horu as fast as I could on purpose to have an intorviow .with Corbott, looking to 11 _ con test between us. It's not my ifault that' Buah a mooting cannot bo arranged. Ah for the ohal lenge of FitZiiimmouB to Corbott to fight in the .South, all I have to say ia, ' Good luck to you, FiUsinnnonu ; good luok to you, -Corbott; 1 won't fight in tho South.' . : ....-??.-. ;', It looks to me noiv as if Corbett and myaolf will novor moot in tho ring. I would vory muoh like, howevor, to come to aome uudorstiuiding whoroby I could moot him within ail or soveu mouths.' ? So soema to havo ondod all tho negotiations for a tight between Corbott and Juukson, and if I know anything of huniau nature, JIM OOBBETT IS BETTER PLEASED THAN ? ANYONE EL3B , at the way things bavo turuod out. I'm, not saying at that that Jaokson can defeat Cor bott, for I havo very graro doubts as to his ability to do bo. Thoro aro. whole hosts of pooplo iu this country who fool morally cer tain tliat Corbott can whip Jackson without the slightest difficulty, but Corbett,. however, is not among the number. If ho wero of that way of thinking bo would Boon find a timo and plauotohavo it out with Jackson in tho ring. I urn satisfied that his atonowalliug is u sign of weakness, pure and simple. I am writing pretty plainly on thia Bubjeot, for tho reason that Corbott has had ' all tho bost of it' from tbo Eastern Press, whilo poor old Potor has beon loft without ono to cham pion his cause. Corbott has averred straight along that ho can whip Jaokson iu 15 rounds, and tbo papors have printed his aontiuiouts and commondod him lor bis coufidouce. and courage I think ho has doubts whore Jacksou is ooncorned. Tho memory still lingers with him of that long drawn out ' no contest ' at tbo California Club, whou a struy richt-handfir from tho orippled Juoksou caught him undor, the heart, and OAVE HIM ' THE CHILL,' ' which was hold responsible for his (Corbott's) walk around tactics during tho balanoo of tho .ilghf. . ?'? , ; .. ?.: , .- .- , , :; Whon Corbott says ho can liek Jaokson in 15 rounds ho may bo Baying what is true, but he doesn't bolicvo a word of it himself. It is a protty safo bit of blowing to indulge in, for bo has fully made up his mind, I think, nover to meot Jackson in a fair stand-up fight. Jim, iu Baying 'I can liok him in 15 rounds,' is emulating tho littlo boy who whistles loudly to scaro away tho ghosts. AN OFFER. TO TIGHT IN A EINETOSCOrK. Sinco tho conference a couple of bids have boon mado for tho fight, but I don't think either of thorn will amount to anything. Tho first was a novel proposition. It camo from some people who are handling a now photo graphic of Edison, yolopt a kinotoscopo. This is a process for taking u succession of minute photographs of any animated soono, and when tho thing is roproduoud aftorwards, by tbo medium of magic lanterns aud eloctrio nppur touaucos, you can neii tho whole thing ovor aguiu in an extromoly realistic way. Ono of thoso kinotosenpes, which was on exhibition iu San Fruneinco, pourtrayed strong Man Sandow going through a weight-lifting porfor nmnco, aud not a motion or peso was missing. It la wonderful what a oloso connection there is botwoon tbo serios of photographs, and how delicately tho change of platos is wrought, con voying tho improssion that you aro looking at a rual livo miniaturo man going through hia exhibition iu an oasy and natural mannor. Well, thoso kinotoscopo pooplo .wanted to immortalise tbo Jaoksou-C'orbett fight, and they wero willing to pay ?M,000dol for tho privilogo of doing it. ' Thoy stipulated, boiv ovor, that tho light must be strictly in privato, and that tbo men MDBT BATTLE IN A IOfT RINO, so that they would bo woll within rango of tho photographic Uatling gun. I fancy that tho site of tho ring kuuckod tho whole businoss ou tho head, for neither Corbott nor Jacksou Boom to havo paid any attention to tbo offer. Another bid for tho fivht was mado by tho Sioux City Athletio Club, of Sioux City, Iowa. A pursu of 25,000dol was named, aud 2500dol each for train ing oxponsos. I understand that both Corbott aud Jaokson think favorably of tho proposal, but tbo Mayor of that scotion of Iowa has como out fiat-footed, and auuouucod that tho fight will not be allowed to take place. To this tho tight- promotora reply that they aro closo to tho border lines of four distinot States, and if thoy can't liamllo tho light in Iowa thoy can pull it off in Nobr-ska or somewhere olte. The offer is not creating any great enthusiasm in sporting circlos, most pooplo thinking that it will havo the same fall as befel all other offers mado by out-of-tbo-nay places. As a matlor of faot, iuterosthas ?hiftodTrom the Corbott-Jaokion to the COBBETT-lPITZSISratOKS FIOHT. Tho Olympic Club of Now Orleans has bid 25,000dnl for the go, and Fitz has aocoptod tbe offer. Corbott is coy, though, aud it ia difficult to toll what Jimmie Is turning over in that t U-ragalaUd noddle of his. When risked why he didn't aooept, bo said, ' If Fituhnmons wants to fight ma why doosu't he go about it right. All he has not to do is to send out n, challenge to all the heaty-weights iu tho world, to fight for a purso of lO.OOOdol. Then if nobody aoonpts within two month* ( must do no or forfeit tbe title of Champion of tho World (»ic), and if ovor I do acoupt Fits siminons' olmllaugo I will tight him inside of six months,' ' What Fitzsinunona wants,' continued Corbett, ' is to got some advertising at my expense. Ho has never done anything that should entitle him to a fight with me, and be is out of my clans. 1 will not brag about how I could whip FiUsimmons, for it would be just the name as if 1 brxggcd about whipping a Mimll boy. Fitz Is a goo.1 man in his olaaa, but ho should stlok to it. Jim eouoludod by saying ' I don't want to pay any attention TO ALL THKSK JAY riQHTERB. Thoy all like to talk, bnt thoy bate to fight.' On the other hand Polico Captain Olori, who resigned from ' tho foorce ' in Now Jorsey to become FitzsimmoiiH' manager, ban tho follow ing to say I — ' Fitzniinmoiis Is inoro than anxious to moot Corbett, and whether a matoh can bo brought about rosts entirely with Cor ?bott. Wo aro willing to do everything in our power to furthor its coming off. The offer calls for tho posting of a part of 2.ri00dol for feit to guarautoe their appoarauoo at a stated timo. WE AP.E READY TO DEPOSIT THE AMOUNT whonovor. Corbett signifies hie intention of accepting. Wo loavo ovorytbiug, to Corbott and tbe Olympic Club. Thoy may have the roforoo, tho day— ovorything, in short. It is customary for persons iu Fitzsinirnous' poni tion to demand that a certain poroontagn of thn purso go to tho loser. Wo make no such stipulation. Corbott, if bo wins, may take all tbo purjo, junt a:i Fitzximinona wishes to do if he detents tho champion. In cose, how evor, Corbott profors to have a certain por ooKtago go to tho lobor, wo aro willing to ac cept that proposition. Wo will fight Corbett any timo that ho nays. He declaros that ho can't light for six mouths. We will givo him sevou months, or as many moro as he may reasonably ask for.' 'Way down South thoy don't tako kindly to Corbott'a cavalior treatment of Fitzsimmons' . overtures' for a fight. Tho snorts of .Now Orleans, no doubt, aro moro fribndly to Cor bott tbuu they aro to lanky Bob, but just' tho sumo ...??',' THRY. ARE STICKLERS FOR FAIIt PLAT 'to ovorybody. They nrguo that tho masterly manuor in which Fit7.?ot away with Jim Hall, Potor Mabor, and Joe; Choyiiski oommands him to the consideration of any llghtor living, and thoy urq ubont right. What is moro, they are not going to allow Corbett to ignoro FiUy if thoy can help it. ' ' One of- tho Southern sport oritios says of tho matter :— ' Fitzsimmons will .certainly havo to bo entertained by tbo Champion of ,Auiorica, Tho Australian has obrlainly earned a right to dispute the championship with any man in tho prizo-fightiiig business, and I think Corbott will soon leant that ho hns to fight for' the championship whon challenged or for feit tho Bamo to tbo man who puts up his monoy aud shows a disposition to follow tho rules of the ring; If'-' Champion Corbott at tempts to ignoro Bob FitZBimmons' ohallengo he'll find that tbo Amoricau pooplo will 'climb his 'collar1 figuratively, and ho won't want rauah of that, for bo is easily mado mad. Tho presidents of the different olubs will add fuel to tho flame, too, nnd between them Corbett will be 'mado to fight.' Personally I don't know what Jim thinks of a light with Fitzsimmoris, bnt certainly if' bo does hot caro for such an engagement ho is figuring vory Bhrowdly on away to get out it. His idea that Fitzsimmous should issue a clialleugo to all beavy-'woigbla in a pretty cunning proviso, for of a coitainty thoro would bo one or more acoept, und Jim could go right along with bis noting undisturbed. I havo no doubt that Jim Hall, Ed. Smith, Joe Cboyuski, Stovo O'Dou 'noll, &o.;, all think thoy havo a good chanco with Fitzsimmons, anil they would be more than willing iu any case to havo a out in for a big purBO, ovon if they considered tboy had no hotter oinch than tho loser's end and training' oxponses in view. But. Jim : , WILL nAVE TO DEFER TO PUBLIO OPINION, I'm thiuking. and tho troud of it is that Fitzy Klands shoulder. to shoulder with Jackson aud Corbott in the ohampionBbip race. Bob says modestly that ho thinks Peter Jaokson his superior, and that ho wauts to get at Oorbott. Tho- fighting ooiintry (.i.e.; Now OrlemiB)' is urging Fitz on, and I'm expecting pretty soon td'hear something drop. Sinoo. writing the foregoing' I have waded through a uumbor of Eastern oxchangos, and havo also had Bomo interesting mail from Now York, and I think I can fathom tho truo in wurdnOBB of Corbett'a advico to Fitzsimmons to issuo a challenge ' to nil heavy-woights.' Stove O'Donnell has been aecurod aa sparring partner for Corbett dnring his Amorican theatrical soason, and Stove is beyond a doubt tbo jokor that Corbott is keeping up his sleovo.. Jim its simply awaiting the time when that ohallengo to all hoavy-weights shall be forth coming from Fitzsimmoua, and then .-.'.. O'DONNELL IS TO BE PUSHED TO THE FRONT with a 'Horo's-nt you, Fitzsimmous, old Hian ! ' Eumor goos so far as to say that O'Bounoll will command lO.OOOdol. backing in tbo Corbott camp when Fitz agrees to givo him battle.' ? .':.. . ? But, ns I snid before, it is Corbott and FitzHimmons- (noxt ;to' Corbott ''and Jnokson) that tho lovol- hoadod sports of .this countrv wish to boo brought 'together, and Jim wil'l scarcely be allowed to entrench himself behind O'Donnell when all tho battories of criticism cut looso at him. O'DonuoH is a good man, [havo no doubt, but ho is hot eou Bidqred class onough for Fitz on this Bide. ?I notice that one purveyor of boxing itoina, wboia, ns tho slangy ono put it, ' doad soro on FitzsimmoiiH, and '? doad stuck ' on Cor bott, has tho following to Bay of Fitz's pro tensions :— , .. , .' ' PITZ3IMMON8 IS . AN I0N011ANT, JEALOUB .?..????? ' ? man.. ? ; . . He has never boon nblo to make a dollar on tho stage, ' and- ho is onvious of Corbott'a Ability. What Corbott saya of his being afraid of Jackson is truo,' &c.; &o.;, &c.; To tho above, a rival critic took oxcoption, saying, 'Now all of thU may bo as trno ns 'gospel, but Fitz's ignorance, or his being envious of Jim's acting, havo not mueh to do with tbo caso. Bob didn't oballengo Jim to a trial at comedy, molodrama, or tragedy. As to hiB ignoranoo, well, there havo beou many champions who signed articles with an X. Fitzsimmona simply nauts to fight Corbott for the Championship. Ho thinks ho can get the title, and ho wants it. Ho has money to put up iu support of his cballonge, and that mnkos tho lattor good. Ho could not by any possibility Bocuro Corbott's titlo (?) by fighting Jnckiion, and it is noifseuso to expoct him to fight Jaokson for what Corbott possessed. Never mind what we on tho outsido may think of Bob as compared with Potor or Jim, wo cannot deny his right to challenge for tho Championship.' FITZSIMMOXS AND CKEEDOX. I must not forgot to toll you that Fitzaim motiB has ouo fight on hand at present, bis oppouont being none othor than doughty Dan Creedon. Tho pair aro matched to box to a finish before tho Olympic Club of New Orleans on Soptombor 20, and tho articles stipulato that oach man mutt weigh not moro than 1581b at tho ring side. Bob and Dun have oach put up a forfoit of lOOOdol, binding thorn Belvefi to bo at weight, and tho olub ib hanging up a purse of SOOOdol. Don is at presont the proprietor of a liquor Baloon in St. Louis, but of oourae ho will got somobody to tako care of bis businoss while be is training. He thinks he has a good cbmioe in downing Fitzsimmons this time. 'I've got him whoro I want him,' said Dan. ' Ho can't whip mo at 1581b, ho will bo too woak.' For all that I expect to see poor Ban run second all tho nay. Ho is a game, sturdy fighter, but it ia a case of A CAB-II0U8E AND A OALLOWAT being Hont togothor. I've all along wished that tho genial Molbournite might bo allowed to steer clear of Fitzy and those punishing piston-rods of his, but, us tbo uovolista nay, ?' Fate has ordained it othorwiso.' It may bo after all though a« Dan nurmises —that Fitz will be weak at 1581b. If suoh ia tho caso tho clmnocs will not bo so much ngainat Croedon, for ho can stand a borrible Itruolling, and I am snre tbat the sight of a weakening opponent woald nerve him at a timo whon ho miebt be SrlTTINO OUT TUTSI AT EVERY BT»P, But I can't imagino.Fitcy being weak at the woight named. He was ns strong as Lim burger at 1511b when he thrashed Dompsey, und ho was grown and set then, and is not the kiud of man tbat puts on weight to any oxt«nt. However, ?' time will tell ' and ' wo shall loo.' Before saying good- bye for th» present to Fitzsimmons I want to say that on tho night I July 28 Bl MADI TIBT SHOnT WOBK OV »nAM« ' KBLLKIt at Buffalo, New York. Kellor is a Montana bruiser who knocked out Uoorgo La Jllaiwhe among others iu his timo. nnd he has ulivays beuu lookod upon as a dangerous customer. Tho oouasiun of his meeting with Fitzsimmoua was an athletic and boxing tournament managed by Billy Madden at the Buffalo Driving Park. The affair only laitod two ronml*. In tbe firat Keller rushed aud swung hi« arms around iu determined stylo. Ho lauded onou on FiUaiinmous' mug, and was crowding Fitz into his corner as time was called. Fitz ivus evidently studying Iiih man. In the s»coiid round Fitz simply strodo ovor to Knllor'H corner anil dealt him a right hander 011 the point. Keller wnnt down liko ' the traditional log, nnd he furnished employ ment for a trio of doctors who wero present. Pooplo began to .think that ho would novor como out of tho trance Fit/, tent him into, but bo phowod »iKiM of reviving uftw tboy had workod on him for about tifU'on minute*. Thoro wjs a go al the mmn place botwoon Jim Daly (CorbrtL'11 old sparring partner) and Tom Lynch, of liufiulo, knon-n to fame as the Irish Giant. Now, I ruiuunibur seeing this sumo Lynch attempt to stand before Peter Jaoksou onue in th« solf- smno town. Putur hit him hard, and Lynch grappled with I'otor, bugging him liko u catamount. Ho mumit,'od to tumble I'oter over, and then Riink his tooth into Jackson's breast, and would probably havo mado u moal of him if bo hadn't boeu dragged off by maiu foroo. Ho did tho vory samo Ihing.with Daly, who landed on him heavily in tbo first round. He threw Daly to tho floor, r AND UE0AN TO EAT HIM, but the polico had to tako a. hand and olub tbo cannibal Lynch into snbmissivcnoss. Ho is a very nioo young man is Mr. Lynch. OBIFFO HAS ANOTHER GO. Griffo baa had anotbor bit of a flutter sinoo tho last mail went out. His opponent was Walter Carnpboll, tho olovorest fouthurivoiKut iu all Philadelphia, iu whioh city tbe pair enmo together- during tho second wook in August. It was at tlio Ariel Alhlotlo Club, and tbo lads wero scheduled to box four rounds for thu gate receipts. Tho reports of tho go sent out from tbo Quaker City nought to convoy tho impression that Campbell was the auporior boxer, but that tho Australian's oxtra woighttold in his favor beforo tho bout omlcd. . One account Bays :— ' Tbo initial round was slightly in favor of Campbell; who plugged away morrily at tlio Australian's nosu with his left, whilo Griffo kept punching Campbell over tho hoart. Griffo'a blowa did not seem to hurt Campbell. The second aud third rounds wero much tho Bamo, although it wao plainly seon, ospeoially iu tho third, that Cauipboll was weakening from tho offuots of the hustling about ho was receiving;. In tho fourth round Campbell weakened peroeptibly, whilo the Antipodean seemed as strong its over, although the'numbor of blows ho lauded ovor Campbell's heart should have doubled him up. It was the general impression that whilo Uriffo was an exceedingly clever man and a good ring uouoral, his punishing* noivors wero not as good as thoy should bo. UrilTb looked to weigh 1401b, and Campbell olaiinoU 1201b us his woight.'. ( This account does not say who cot tho decision, or whothor thero wns any, but other paporn and tho sports at largo Baid Griffo won, and I gness hu did, too,'in a'wall:. Spooking of tho Bbowiug he made, Camp boll'said : — ' 1 can say no .moro than that my strongth gavn out. I was 110 match for him undor tbo conditions, . and no one . is moro ready to acknowledge defeat than I uni. I think Griffo is u wondorf ully clevor follow, but I ngroo with Dixoni who said, 'Griffo oannot punch hard.' X do not think bo is a knouker out. bitter. Ho ia always on top of you, and his constant harassing will play an opponont out unless the opponent can do a littlo harass ing himself.' For all that, Campboll does not think Grif. a knocker-out, I notioo that bo was willing to furnish lOGOdol.- of Griffo'B stake if a match woro made botweon tlio ! nOCKB BOY AND JACK Jl'AULIPri at 1371b. . ? ;-...; ' ?:::.'.:?? . , ; . Griffo and M'Aulliffo aro to havo a tori round bout at'tho Soasido Athletio Club', Coney Island, 611 Monday night, August 27, nud I havo no doubt you iwillhear the rosult by wire long beforo i this roaches you. The mon uro to box at catob-wbights, aud most pooplo seem to think' thafthis is iu M'Auliffe's favor. ,1 don't. M'Auliffo at 1351b ifl, in my opinion, a moro daugorous man than M'Auliffo at 14.01b. And if all tbo reports wo hear lately about Griffo'a weight are truo, I don't 300 how M'Auliffo is to havo muuh the. best of tbo weight sido of the argument] Griffo, according to tho uowspapors, has weighed at various times in' his: rocent lights all the way from 1351b to 1401b, and I don't suppose be h going to bo mu'3h lightor when ho fuoes AI'Aulitt'o. I wouldn't mind hotting that thoro won't be 101b difToreneo botnoon them, no mattor bow uluoJl M'Auliffo woigha. Ono thing in certain, and that is BOTH MEN ARE WORKINQ PRETTT HARD to got in fix for tho go. Griffo is located at Coney Island, and does a deal of his work behind closud dooro at tho old Coney Island Club. Ho is quoted aa Baying that ho has never shown his trno form in this country — not oven with Dixon— bnt those who listen think, that Griffo ia. blowing a bit. . Ono Eastern sport says he'll het a big rod upplo that when Griffo facoB M'Auliffo ho'll riot keep baok any of his host fistiu form. I'd givo a' tr:-lB to see this go (and it's vory few boxing liiatchoa I'd go lOyda to see), for I boliovo it will bo a real treat in the way of .clover fencing. M'Auliffe'ia ouo of THE NATTIEST BOXE11S THAT EVER ENTERED : '. '?? '-; '. .' ' .':\ , A KINO; ??.???'??'..?,:' '''..-, ' and' whilo I , have nevdr eoon Griffo, I havo hearsay testimony sufficient to know that he is a craoker-juok. I hopq that Griffo will bo at hia best, and that be will go straight. Looking buck it appoors to me that there was SOMETHING QUREB ABOUT THE ORIFVO DIXON MATCH, ' and if thero is nuy monkoy buBiuCBS in this coming affair, of courao it will bo Griffo that will havo to play sooond fiddlo. M'Auliffo is too fond of tho prestige he 1 has gained to take Boooud plaoo in uuy ovent if ho can help it. Oriffo seems to bo quito a character iu tho East. HE IS EXTItEMELT POPULAR whon bo behaves himself, and it is said outortaius a, groat uumbor of Now York visitors occasionally at his seaside train ing quartors. Tho newspapor boys ad miro his quaint ways, too, and speak kindly of him. When he roturnod from Phila delphia aftor hiB meeting with Campboll ono Now York paper had the following lo say : — \- 'Griffo! tho groat aud original Griffo, ia again on Couoy Islaud, and yesterday tho billows tumbled upon tho shingle and bowed their whito-arosted heads to tho conqueror, of Campboll. The music of tho surf was all for tho man from tbo oolonies ; tbo pibroch of tho Clan Campboll wus not to be heard. As well booamo tho horo of a border battlo, Griffo sought tho seclusion of old Coney's Bowery, and thero, with a fow tried nud truaty honcb rncn, recounted how it camo to pass that tbo Tartan of tho Campbell was trailed in tho dust. 'The groat Griffo was not disposed to orato ou his strategio moves and physical powers, and when pressed to toll bis tale suid 'nay I' But ho was considorato, and in bis turban carried a full and complete account of the conflict, which all woro welcomo to road. This littlo Hchomo worked admirably for all ooncoruod. It saved Albert tbe trouble of roading praise of himself, and gave him timo to attend to more important business. Ho managed tbe affuirs of tbo day in his usual stylo, und retirod at night happy in tho con Buiousneas that his greatness is duly appro ciatod on tho sand strip by tho sea. UAItEON AND ALLEN. On tbo night tho Monowai loft for Sydney tboro woro two fights in thia county that wero of interest to AiiEtraliuns. Ono waa a twenty round go between Jim Burron and Frank Allen, at tho now Imperial Athletio Club of Colmu. Tho wbolo business may bo dinmissod with a few words, for tho mon did not strike each other a half-hcarfod blow during tho whole of the timo they woro in the ring. Barron had a bunchy right hand, a memento of his scrap with Kid M'Coy in tho East, and tho iujurod member is supposed to havo gono back on him during hia mill with Allen. Bo that as it may, tho affair was tiresome in tho extreme A moro spiritloss twonty-round mill I nover sat down to, and I wan ono of tho threo hundred who woro oxtremoly clad whon it was over, and declared a draw. I don't liko to critlciso Uarron too harshly, for I beliove bo has always beon a straight goor; but I must any that ho has nothing to bo proud of in connection with bis moat recent mill. I am Katisfiod there wan an understand ing botwoon tho men, whoreby they woro not to swat oaeh other vory hard, and it has boon 1 published tbat Allen subsequently owner! up to | such an nrrangoment. If Barron denion this i and insists that tho go wan on the love), thon j all that I can say ia that Barron has dete riorated Into a very poor ringiter,' tvtn allow ins for hia damaged handa. The other tight on tho night referred to was a twenty round nmtoh between nlLLY 8MITII AND TOMMY RYAN, at Minneapolis. Smith is the hard-hitting youth who dofoatod Tom Williams, while Hjau in tho cletor young Chicngoan who failed to keep his engu^i'iimnt with Goorgo Da v. sou ut Now Orleans something over a your ago. Jon ChoyuHki nan referee, and ho decided in favcr of llyan at the end of tho twentieth round. Smi'.h was nut knocked out, but was badly punished, and thuru in no doubt, from the way tho accounts read, bnt that Ryan took tho luiidat the start and k-pt it to thn finish. .Thero is nor; tall: of a match butwoou I1VAN AND QKOKtiK DAVVBON, but I hardly think it will nnd in thoir being ?Ignod. A Chicago paper hua this to say of tho affair:— ' Something may come -.f llio talk of a con test botwoon Ryan and George Dawson. It is knrwn that the boxing iustruatnr of tho Mir ulub on Michigan Avonuo wanU to moot Kyan lor tho world's titlo and any part of lO.OOOdol. aside Daivsou himsoll ' states that much. It in al.o known that tho backing is at bund, and oh much moro as tho Hyun worshippers cure to lay on tho result. Hyan,. who now talks of taking r. much-nooilod rest', holds that he inny tako the Australian ou, but only on terms to bo diutatoil by him 11a to weight. Ho eontonds that iu whipping Smith ho has wbippod Daw boh, and in proof submits what bookmakers would term ' a lino.' Tho line begins with Dawson as Champion of Australia until ho mot bis dotoat at t,ho bands of Tom Williams in lour rounds. Tom Williams is traced to ' Mysterious Billy 'Smith,- who wont to oarth in two rounda beforo tho luttiir. Lust Thurs day night Ryan defoated Smith, and now tho Chicugoan wants to know what position ho obcupioa towards Dawson. A meeting botweon thosu two mon would doubtlosa bo an interest ing one,- einco Kj'an himself admits that he would rather face two Smiths than' one Daw sou. Hyan has no foars for the right aud loft band swinger, but an abiding faith in the offootivencsK of u scientific, cool man liko Dawson. If tiio match is mado it will bo at tho samo woight uh Kyun won tho world's premiership, 14'2lb, with a further insistence that Ibo weight bo'had soino six hours boforo outoring.tho ring. Under those conditions, and nono othor, Ryan is willing to moot Dawaou to afiuiBh.'! . ' .? ??..?;? ?.'? ? - ^ :?'.- : ' CAHBOI1I1 AND BOWEIT. . . .. Old man Jimmy Carroll and Andy Bowon. met ut the Olympic Club, New Orleans, recently, und 'fought u 25-round draw; It npnoard to mo time Carroll must bavo about out-lived bis uscfulnesswhon ho couldn't do better than that with Audy.'for the latter ia a bhort-urinod, shouldor-bouud youngster, and should bo pio for any clovor niuu with an avorage stock of vitality. Tboro was alao a go at Now Orloans a night or two ago, botwoon Stantou Abbott, the Eng ,lish lad, and Jack Evorhurd, an American lightweight. Abbott mado tho pace at the .start, aud pummelled his opponent protty thoroughly, but his strength gavo out, und Evorhurd began to como to tho front. Thero was ?also a bit- of foul work, in tho way of punching, a fallen opponont, on Everbard'a part, but tho roforoo overlooked the offence, and Everhurd eventually won tho fight, which Wttsu '25-ronnd affair. It waa iu the 12th round thiitEvorhard oom mouccd tbo dirty work. Ho rushod Abbott and floored, him 'near - tbo ropes. Beforo the ilritisher could arise, Everhurd struck him, nguin. ' Tho foul was a doliberuto one, and a crowd of mon jumped into tho ring. Fjr a timo it seemed us if tronblo would follow, but peace was restored, and tho mon cohtinuod fighting.' From that timo ou Abbott grew weaker, and bis blows lacked Htoam. .' Tho next match of interest (not'n groat deal though) at New Orleans will bo that botwoon Billy M'Carty aud Jaok Dompsey. This takes place at tho Auditorium Club, on the evening of September 5. ' ' , .- ? Windy Quiun, who baa mismanaged Jorry Marshall ovor siuco ho wont East, ia working tho Eastern picture papors for advertising for himself and his faint-hoar ted bruisers; Potor Mabor and Ed. Smith. Tho latost deli, i/isuod by Quinu is as follown : — . . New York, July 24.— Ulolmrd IT.. Fox.-SociDg tuat thoro is ui- jirospect of James J. Corbett and l'etor Jucknon llnlun.i,- for tho ChttiupionKbip of tho Worlil nccorduiK to tho rules and couditious thut Kovern tlie cuampionohip with buro kuucklua ami London prizo ihiK rulon, I will match i'eter Muher, the Irish Champion, to fight any man iu the world, according to London prize dug rules, for SOutldol. aside, the Police Uaisttu Utiatrmion sliip Holt (hold by John L. Sullivan at the time ho gave up the priio rin|t clmmpionihip), aud tho Ohaminoiisliin of tho World. To Bhow I mean bulimias 1 huvo jioatcd MIOdol with the Poucjt UAlElTf, and givcu Wiko Huluy, of New York, full power to iirruugo a match vcitli Corbiitt, .luckuou. Ularln, Kilrain, or any boxer who uccuiiU tho clinl loiiKe.. Tho llh'lit to tute placo ivlt'jin 100 intlus of New Orleans, orwithlu 100 iniled of l'lttslanv., or' OtKC miles of Uuffalii, IJ.Y., six mouths from slRliiiiK articles, Iciehard K. Vox to bo 'final slako liuldor and appoint tho rofuiee. Accordniir'to the ruloH ot the prize ring, thero ban been no re«ulnr kittle fought fur tho titlo, according to the rules Vovermug tlio snme, sir.co Johu L. .Sullivan dofcuUtit Joliu KUruiu iu I8S3. Contests with i;Iotoi, onlr arc governed by Qiwonsbcrry Jtules, which have no bearing with tlio. regular Fmo Kiu-Uliuinplou-hip. ' Theubove chnllei.ge Kill bo open for thirty days, and if not accepted within thut time Peter Atahcr will claim tho iicavv-welk-ht Cliauipfonship, the X'olioi: Oazeits Bell, und will dojiosit JOOUuol for its naio keeping, nud light nil comers In England or America for the Championship.— JonK J. Om.VK P.B.— Or I will Hiiitch Bd. Smith, of DoiiTcr, Colo., who defeated Joo Ooddard, according to Qncciifiborrr KuIcb Cbatnpiouahip, upou the same coudltions. — J.J.Q. ' ? . - Tbo ab.ovo ia a prolty safe bluff to make, for ?110110 of tbo big guns are looking for bare kuuekto. fichts. If there wad any prospeot of being called down Quinn would wrigglo out of tbo proposition, for as someone told' him in Chicago, ho enrriea bis money iu hia mouth. Ho can talk moro and bind himself lo loss than any of llio long array of pugilistic manngors who uio battling bo hard to keep themselves boforo the public. , MOKE AUOUT COnUElT AND JACKSON. Tha latest from the East is to tho effect that Peter Jaokson boa little 'faith in the so'-oallod Sioux City Athletio Club, tbo last organisation to make a bid for the light betweou Jackson and Corbett. . ?? 'Sinoo tbo no-calloil Sioux City Athletic Club was first-mentioned,'' said .Jaokson, ''I bavo nover beard tho names of any of its offi cers mentioned. Don't you ' think that is Btrungop Suroly they aro not asbamod of their names. I tell you candidly 1 think tbo Sioux City Athlotio.Club is a myth. If thoro is such ah organisation, howovor, and its olllaiuls will oomo to tbo front in tho mat tor of a purse and protection, I will only 1 bo too happy to fight undor its auspices. vThoii if the oificerspt tho olub want thoir nainos kept seorot 1 will keep them secret us long hb Oorbettwill. - .-' ' ? - 'To show you that I am sinoore in my doBiro to fight Corbott, I havo determined to remain in this city until the representative, of tho allogod Sioux City Atblotio Olub, who ia reported to be on hia way here, arrives. If this representative of tho Iowa organisation produces uatisfuotory evidonco of the club's reliability I will sign any article of ngrecmaut thoy olfer me for a fight with Corbett.' To be candid, 1 havo folt from the firat that thoro was something shady about tho new organisation. What made mo suspicious ut tho outset wus tbat Corbott accoptod tbo offer of 25,000dol, and iu doing bo mado the rather unmieofiiury remark that ho did not want any guarantee Irom tbo club as to tho purao. This is so different from tho stand Jim took whon tho peoplo around Mount Clouions, Michigan offered a 40,000dol purse. That was before Jim went to England, and Jim demanded tbat the wholo 40,0.00 be placed in soouro bauds bofore ho commenced to train. The Clemens folks said they'd put up lO.OOOdol, but thut wouldn't suit Jim, and tho match fall through. Now ho doesn't want any guarantee at all. Of coiino there aro tricks in orory tradn, but tho uowspapur businuBS, and I am cudgel ing my brains to fathom tbo Hioux city trick I fool morally cortaiu that somo of Corbetl'a big friends in the East are pulling tho strings Thu object muy bo simply to take the attention off FiUsimmons' badgering of Corbelt by keopiug the Curbott-.lackaon mill prospects Ptill simmering ; or it may bo really tho inten tion to get Peter to fight Corbett in somo outof-tho-way placo nnd then— God holp Pctor. As it is be will havo to go vory slow lndood iu dealing with this mythical, mystical Sioux City Club, but I fancy I'etor is uwuke to all tho daugerouBpotsibilities which beHtrew his path. It would be bottor, iu my way of thinking, for him to follow out hjs intention of going to Eugluud, than to enter into auy bnrty^fTis boin'g h?L&\y ttltfl&^Ol cou°rse! if Jackson doos not sco hia way clear to accept tbo Sioux City offer, tbo Corbett contingent will yell with all their luugs that be has funked. Better thut oven than that tho noblo follow should go up against an air-tight oincb in which Corbett couldn't lose, and Jaoksou could't win. Thoro is another thing which, whilo it has no bearing on thn Sioux City Club, is signifi cant of tho groat caution displayed by Corbott and his admirers. It appears that tho National Club, of London, ban, sinco tho Corbott Jackson conference, cabled over that it will arrange a fiuiih fight, and allow Corbett nn American refereo. To this Corbott'a news paper friends arid bin other friends have laid, 11 Not on your life, Jim. The English swells aro soro at you for tbe way you roastod them, and if they oan get you over there ngain they won't do a thing to you. Thoy'll rob you and Job you sure, nnd thoy aro merely making tbo offor so as to ooax you aoross tho pond to got ovon with yon.' I might oxplain that ' thoy won't do a thing to you ' means in Ainorioun alang that they'll do ovorything that's wrong to you. Now, when Corbott aud hia gang boo such 11 liallii.li conspiracy ill tho new offer of the National Club, why shouldn't Juoksou bo u bit chary of tbe Sioux City P Murk my words, if ovor tho Sioux City scheme Is laid buro it will bo found to bo a Corbott trap, set for po»r old Poter. God suud he muy not fall into it. — W. W. Nahoutox. 