I THE PHANTOM HORSEMAN. A TALE OF TASMANIA. By C.E.G. [ Tncre fir#' more things in heaven ami earth* [ Horatio, than are dreamt of in your T>i»ito— sophjv—-ShakHpeare. ' X may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and n.$ver had, any belief in the supernatural. Spirits—tihless in a liquid state—I reokon hut the myths of the superstitions ; spiritualism X estimate a© arrant humbug, and the so-cal Jed supernatural appearances and extraordinary 4< manifesta tions’* of which we hear so much^ merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe that all the singular^ pheno mena produced by mediums, clairvoyants, thought-readers, et hoo genus onine^ are the outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery, and may be readily accounted for by those who dip deeply into scientific lore, or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as lief sleep in a ohurch yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be oaueed by the hardness of a tomb Btone for a pillow; and feel sure that no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of his prison But I am, of course, open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just" so soon, as they will consent to give over such schoolboy pranks as r©p ping table logs, clashing musical instruments, etc., and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity, snob, for in stance, as to give a hard-up pressman the straight tip for the next Melbourne Cup. An amiable and well trained bona fide ghost might be extremely useful in many ways. On the stam of an evening journal, for example, such an; acquisition would be worth untold gold—i would, in foot, prove a mine of wealth worth, half a dozen Ooolgardiee. Fanoy being able, by spirit express, - to give a conpl® of columa of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half an hour after—or for fho matter of that, half an hour before—it happened, with a full list or the men's names and their photographs ! Or^ to give the full scores of our boys cricket matches in England before they were played. From a utilitarian point of view xtr is evident the denizens of spirit land, if they really existed, should command every sucoeso in their overturns to mortals, instead of which, they have only contrived hither to to make them selves extremely ridiculous and untrustworthy If, as I said before, one of them will give me the Cup tip I will promise with my winnings to found a « Spirits’ Ketreat ” somewhere in Bouverie street, and undertake to provide the poor perturbed spirits with chairs, tames, banjos, tambourines, etc., ad lib. for thfcir recreation. It. was in Tasmania, about 22 years ag# that I saw the Phantom Horseman. The title is a purely fanciful one, as for reason© above stated, I no more belicvo that h© ™--^phantom than I believe in the libel© written n.bout~Augtmi^Ma^jiri3Quiiciation. The time was, appropriately cnougH7~rrrftfr»ia*iu_ It was pitchy dark, and inky thundercloud8 covered the firmament and hung over ihti earth like a funeral pall. A fitting time and night indeed for the perambulation© of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired,, and hungry, and my only thought was to gefc home to a comfortable fire and something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts nevor entered my - head* I was riding homewards from a country house known ns “ The Bend” (not the Yarra Bend, incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my hors© to a * hand gallop, and just as I turned into a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm burst iu all its fury. And it was furious .f Torrents of rain descended—each drop seemed a bucketful j peals of thundon to^ct\ratVi xA\itn;-rr— ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot a few BoooDds lit up the scene and rendered every object as plainly visible as at midday. The lane X was ridincr in was a very narrow footpath—so narrow that in galloping along my feet brushed against the gorso hedges on either side of me. There was no room for even a sheep to pass, my horse in the lane ; of that X am certain. In fact it was not once in six month© that anybody ever rode along tho path £ i it was [merely intended for foot passengers, and I had only riddon into it in the hope of getting home by the nearer way in time to avoid a drenching. About half way up tho lane a flash of lightning more vivid than usual lit up the scene, and to my horror it showed me another horseman a few paoes in front of me, also riding at fall gallop, and coming from the place to which 1 was making. The lightning’s flash enabled me to see everything oloatly. The man was monnted on a grey home, and was dressed in alight grey tweed suit, folt hat pressed down over his eyes, and top boots. He had no overcoat, but a comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced was not be cause of any EuporBtitioua fear, but simply because I took horse and rider to be composed of flesh, blood and bone, like myself and my steed, and know that under the cir cumstances a collision waB inevitable. We were only a couple of lengths apart, both riding at a gallop, and there was not the slightest possibility of passing each other or of pulling np our horses. We wero as certain to run into each other as the Campardown into tho Viotoria when* Admiral Try on gave his fatal order. I involuntarily shut my eyes and awaited the shook. A couple of second© Busoenso and nothing happening, I opened them again. Another flash of lightning came, and lo! my horseman had disappeared, and I could see right up the straight lane to-the white gate at the end. I pulled up,*turned round and at the next flash looked hack whence I had oome. The lane was empty, nor was there any sign of living thing in the fields on either side of the gorse hedge. Well, I rodo on home in a state of simple bewilderment. The horseman must have called at the house in order to get the key oil [ the gate leading into the lane, bnt enquiry | there only intensified the mystery^ * as no ono had oAliod -flioefl —JL left five hours previously. and the cate was, as usual, securely padlocked for the lano was a private one and “no thoroughfare” to the generalpublio. Then I began to think I had at last seen a real live ghost. 