THE OLDEST DRESSMAKER'S BILL IN THE WORLD, Egypt (writes Mr St. Chad Boscowan in the Queen) has been called ' the land of surprises.' Year after year the explorers in the Nile land bring to light some new and startling examples of art, revealing to us the astonishing character of the early civilisation of the Egyptians. Egypt has now a rival in the sister civilisation of ancient Chaldea. Althoughin art Chaldea is far behind the land of the Nile, especi ally in the art of painting, the restoration of the early civilisation, and the perfect picture we can form of the life and manners and customs of the people, is almost as complete as that which we can restore of Egypt in the Pyramid age. The startling feature of the discoveries resulting from the deci pherment of the cuneiform inscriptions has been the numerous details of popular life which are accessible to us. The little clay tablets not only contain the records of kings and princes, but even of the poorest of the people, slaves, and beggars. In so great a literary land as Chaldea every transaction, no matter how small, was recorded in writing, and thus we have many details of transactions which would other wise have been forever lost. Among the documents that have been discovered is a tablet which may be well called, 'the oldest dressmaker's bill in the world.' It was the custom of the Baby lonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of the priests and priestesses. This was usually done every year, and we have many of these lists in the British Museum. The oldest hitherto known has been that of a king about 1450 n.c. There are several cf a later period, but the document before us is far older than any yet found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discovered in the ruins of the temple in the city of Nipur in Southern Cbaldea. This temple was dedicated to the ghost god, and had a very large priesthood attached to it. From the style of the writing, which is extremely archaic, and from the curious system of numerals em ployed, the tablet cannot be of later date than X800 n c. It contains a list of ninety two vestments which were presented to the temple by the king. The name of the king is unfortunately not given. The end of the tablet readJ: 'In all ninety-two pure vestments, the bill [list] of the tem ple for the priests this year.' Many of the words are unknown to us, as they are, no doubt, many of them technical terms em ployed by the modistes of the period. Some of the lines, however, are of particular interest-those that can be satisfactorily deciphered. Among the items are ' Twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten collars of the house of his lady, ten pure gold collars, two wide robes.' One item of especial in terest cccurs near the end. 'Four scented robes.' This reminds us of the passage in Psalm xiv., speaking of the robes redolent of' myrrh and aloes and catsia.' It was, no doubt, the custom in Babylonia to perfume the robes, as it is to this day in Persia and India. Another item is also illustrative of Eastern life ' Two Winders,' probably scarves used for binding round the waist. This document has likewise an additional value in showing us the great development which had taken place in the textile arts in Chaldea, even at this early pcr;od. The decorations on the statues of Judah, n.e. 2800, the em broidered fringes, show that the skill of the weaver and the embroiderer were far advanced; and it is a curious feature to notice that nearly all the attempts at decorative work in early Chaldea are in patterns which are derived from textile designs. 