OLD GRID LEY'S GHOST. ] Tho Strange Story of ibe Loss of the 'Oro Pino.' ' Why, Dunham, wlwt'a tho mattor ? How your hand tromhloa I Aro you fliok ?' ' No j not exactly. ' ' What ails you then ? Speak out, man. Havo you boon Boeing a ghost?' , 'To tell tho truth, Maggie, I do fool a littlo nervous this morning. I haven't mado a trip thoso twonty yoars that 1 dreaded liko this. ' 'f Seen Old Gridley again '{' 'Yes.' ' 'Pshaw! I thought that was it. Haven't you seen him a dozen times bo fore and nothing came of it ?' ' ' ThiB time ho had his soxtant.' All this waB at tho broakfitat-tablo. Dunlmm waa mate of tho Ovo Fino , mak ing tri-monthly trips between Portland and San Francisco. Ho had sailed thirty yoars, been round tho world twico, boon captain about six years, but lost his Bliip and couldn't get another, nnd so was glad to bo first mato of the Oro Fino, Dunham was in tho habit of seoing ghosts, or rather, a ghost, for ho never saw but one ; that was old Grielloy. Gridley was mato of tho veBsel on which Dunham mado his first trip as a ship-boy. That tripwa3 Dunham's first, butGridley's last. Gridley had n passion for boating ship's boys with a ropo's end ; ho died in tho act of beating Dunham with a rope's enel ; Gridloy was taking an observation with the sextant, nnd, as tho boy waa passing with a bucket and swab, a sudden lurch of tho ship throw him against tho mato. Gridloy seized- a. ropo's ond, nnd was belaboring tho boy soundly whon a boom, providentially left looso, struck him and knocked him ovorboard. Ever sine' that, on numerous occasions, Dun ham had seen Gridloy 's ghost — usually with a ropo's ond, but sometimes with a sextant. Ho had never been able to soe any particular fatality portended by tho vision with tho rope's end. He had Been it a dozen times ; and on some occasions, his best luck had seemed to follow tlio apparition. Not so when tho ghost with the sextant appeared. Ho had seen this only twico — once, tlio night before ho fell from tho forotop nnd broko hia log ; tho other time, tho night before his ship was cast away. Last night was tho third timo. Ho had awakened and found himself lying on his back. Tlio room was perfectly dark ; it was also perfectly still. Dunham could seo nothing and could hear nothing. Nevertheless, iie folt that something or somebody was in tho room that ought to bo out of it. ? He also felt a draught of cold air. Dunham was no stickler for ventilated apartments, and had carefully closed and locked fclio windond boforo re tiring. The air could not como from tho windows ; neither could it como from tho bed-room door, for that opened into tho sitting-room just opposito to a window, and if the door had been open ho coulil 'have seen the window. Deapilo his natural courage, Dunham was frightened. He raised himself on his elbow very cautiously. He looked about the room ; ho could seo absolutely nothing. Ho . reached over to whero Maggie, his wifo slept — slio was thero. Ho moistened his finger in his mouth and held it up. He could then sensibly feel the draught of air coming from the foot of hia bed. He got up and struck a liglit. Looking over his shoulder as ho did so, ho saw, at the foot of his bed, old Gridloy. It wouid do no good to 3hout loud — his wifo would only laugh at him. Ho !iad often waked her up to l-.-ck at tho ghost, but she professed never to seo it. It would do no good to could get over tho bar by taking the north' channel. While tho firemen were getting up steam, Dunham ran over to his friend's house — it was ouly a few stops — and bade Joey good-byo, and told him to be a good boy and mind his mother, and gave him sundry other items cf good advico which I fear the young scapegrace did not attend to closely, being engaged in the very amusing game of see-saw with the littlo girl of tlie house. By three o'clock tho ship was fairly tinder way again. By five, she was safely ovor tlio bar, and had put her pilot aboard a stcr.mer which was waiting onthoout sida to enter. The captain having been up all the previous night, wont to his cabin and turned in for the night. Tlio passen gers wero all eithor sea-sick or chillod by the cold wind, and had gone to their rooms and into the cabin. The wheelman, by ordcra from Dunham, made out Capo Dis appointment and Tillamook Head, und took his ranges from them and put tho Bhip on her course. Ho had only time to j do this when a fog rolled up so denso that oven the light on Capo Disappointment could scarcely bo seen. Dunham assured himself that tho ship was on her right course by going into tho wUeelliovisD and looking for himself. Having done this, and knowing the coast perfectly, he felt pretty safe. Ho was a littlo ccnfuscd and nervous, however, and so ho went down to tho cabin nnd overhauled his charts, and read the sailing directions just as though ho had nover mado tho trip before. He seomed to bo all right. 'Bring your vessol in range of Capo Disappointment and Tillamook Head, and thon put her about south by oast.' He had dsne this fifty times before, nnd had como out all right. To bo suro that no niistako had been made, ho climbed up to tho wheei lious'o, and quietly asked tho man at the wheel how ho had got his rango. IIo an swered promptly anil satisfactorily. Every thing was according to orders. So Dunham cursed his nervousness, and walked back to the smoke-stack. The wind had gone down with tho sun, but a heavy sea was running, and it was as dark as Tartarus. Dunham paced tho deck for half, an hour, then went below to got his olnak. Being chilly, ho went up to tho hurricane deck and sat with his back to tho Bmoke-stack. Being nervous ho lit a cigar. Being careful, he walked forward to Bee how things wore moving. He thought he hoard n distant roar. Ho listened nnd coulil hear nothing. Ho walked back to tho smoke-stack. In ten minutes ho came forward again. Ho thought ho hoard tho roar of surf. Ho called to the man nt tho wheel : ' Abbot !' ' Ay, ay, air.' ' How does she stand ?'? : 'Sou' by oast, sir.' That was all right : that tvaa the course Dunham had put her on. Ho wont to tho paddln-box and signalled tlio engine to stop. Thon ho callcrt a man and had tho load thrown. ' Twenty-four. Plenty of water,' thought Dunham, and started tho cviuo. Ho then wont to the captain's cabin and knocked. Tho cap tain did not hca. the Ur3t and ho knocked again. ' Who's there 1' 'The mato.' Tho captain opened a port near the head of his berth, and asked him what tlie matter was. Dunhnm reported. Tho captain told him it v ? all right ; that it was foggy, and thf . ,i- of tho surf with such a sea on . j wind could bo heard ten miles. mil rather thought so, too, and w* u away. During this parley, nnd whilo tho mato stopped a few minutes to look after things below, tho ship hail pjado more that) two miles headway. By tho timo Dunham got on dcok again tho roar of tho surf was frightful. Ho fairly screamed at tho helmsman ; 'Abbott!' ; ' ' Ay, ay, air.' ' How'a her head ?' ' Sou' by oast, Bir,' Amazing 1 Dunham ran to Wlo paddlo box ond jorked a signal. Tho ongtno stopped. Thon ho ruslied'to tho captain's door and called him out iu tho namo of . tho goda. Both flow on dock. .Thero was no mistako about .it j thoro woro tlio breakors not half a mile ahoad, juigin' by tho sound, tliundoring and boiling against ' tho shore. Dunham had almost run tlio ship's head on shoro, and that, too, whon sho was holding proeisoly tho samo conrso by compass that ho had put hor on fifty times boforo. Tho captain roared : ' What's her oourso ?' ' Sou' by oast, sir.' ' Put hor sou'wost.' . ' Sou'west, sir,' echoed tho man nt tho wheel, and tho wheel spun round and tho chains rattled. Tiio captain rushed to the signal-boll and started tho engine, and got the ship under good steering head way. Scarcely had sho started on hor now courso whon a scraping sound was hoard and felt— thon bump, bump,' bump, ns though tho Bhip had boen lifted up and set down hard throe times ; thon a crash and n sudden stop that sont tho captain and mato on their facca, and brought tho smoke-stacks crashing through tho docks, J and snapped oft' tho topmast liko pipo atoms. Tho ship had struck a sunken rock, and bogan to fill at onco. Who got to shoro, and how thoy got to shoro, matters not. It is tho samo old story. Tho news spread on wings. Men j I camo aud dragged the swollen corpses of thoir friends out of tho surf, or dug them out of tho sand, or identified thein in tho shod, or paced tho beach day iftor dny looking out on tho remorseless sea that sullenly clung to its dead. The captain nnd the wheelman, Abbott, wont to Portland together — Dunham thoy never found — and thero thoy talked ovor tho strange affair and exhausted all their ingenuity in vain to account for tho lier ot the ship when on tho right cour30 on a still night. When the wrecking-tug was ready, thoy wont out to the wreck. It still hung on tho rocks. Tho bows wun high out of water. The two men climbed up into tho wheel-house. Thoy unscrowed tho compass-box from its fastening and brought it on shore. There they opened it, and lifted up the card and noedio, and there lay tho littlo instrument of death — a broken knifo-blado. The liandlo and tho rest of tho blado woro in littlo Jooy Dunham's pocket. Ho had tried to pry out the glass, to see what mado the card swing around so whon ho held his knife by it, and in eloing so had brok»n the blade. Ho concealed his mis chief and stole away. 