KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XVII.—(Continued.) " And how strange, among all she knew—Dr. Graves and all—she should have chosen my Henry to come forward and cure the man she loved," she thought, with that glow of pride widowed mothers of only sons always feel. " No doubt she knew, if others are too stupid to find it out, how clever he is, how good, how thoughtful, how kind ! No woman could ever be more tender in a sick room than he ; and if it be possible for earthly physician or earthly drugs to bring this ill-fated young man round, Henry is the one to do it. But I doubt it—I doubt it. He looks like death, and he knows nothing or nobody. Hark ! here is Henry now !" She started forward. The front hall door opened, a quick footstep crossed the passage, the sitting room door was flung wide, and Mr. Henry Otis, " booted and spurred," stood pale as a ghost before his mother. "Henry !" the word was a low frightened cry, but Henry Otis' eyes turned from her to the bedroom. "Is she here ? Who is that ?" He strode across the room to the inner chamber, then fell back with a look of sick disappointment. ''Dr. Graves !'' he said, ''only you. And I was sure I should find her here.'' ''Find whom here ? What do you mean, young man?'' ''I mean Miss Dangerfield. What ! don't you know? She ran away, either last night or this morning, from Scarswood, and no tale or tidings of her are to be found. I thought she might have come here to — to see him.'' He crossed abruptly to the fire, and stood staring into it with a greatly disturbed face. ''Run away !'' the widow and the doctor both exclaimed. ''Yes— run away— to her death, most likely.'' ''Henry! Good Heaven !'' ''Women have been driven to their death before now by men— girls have committed suicide for less than she has undergone. It is not those who make most outcry over their troubles who feel them deepest. What has she left to live for— robbed of all at one blow ?'' He spoke bitterly— more, bitterly than they dreamed he felt. Months ago he had lifted his eyes to the darkly brilliant heiress of Scarswood, and had been mad enough to fall in love with her. To him she had looked the fairest, brightest, best of women, and not his own mother had ever guessed it. But some of the sharp, cruel pain of loss broke out of his voice now. ''When I think of her, and of him— the traitor, the dastard !''— he looked angrily toward the sick room—'' I feel as though I should like to strangle him. If she is dead, then Peter Dangerfield and Gaston Dantree are as surely murderers as ever Cain was.'' ''Mr. Henry Otis,'' exclaimed Dr. Graves with asperity, '''will you restrain this incoherent lan- guage and violent manner, and tell us in a com- posed and Christian way what has happened ? Miss Dangerfield went home all right after the funeral, with Miss Talbot. Did she run away herself, in the night, or did Peter Dangerfield turn her out?'' '' Scarcely that, I think,'' Henry Otis returned. ''Even he would hardly dare do that. Miss Talbot left her at Scarswood, and went home with her brother. About nine o'clock she suddenly made her appearance before the landlord of the 'Silver Rose,' where the woman Vavasor has been stopping, asked to see her, and was shown to her room. Mrs. Vavasor was out; she returned in about half an hour, and they were shut up together until half-past ten. Then Miss Dangerfield left the house, alone and on foot, looking more like her own ghost, the landlord says, than herself. Her French maid Ninon let her in a little before midnight ; she gave the girl money, bade her good-night, and left her. In the morning she was gone. Search had been made, but no trace of her as yet had been obtained. My own opinion is that she has made away with her self.'' ''And my opinion is, she has done nothing of the sort!'' curtly interposed Dr. Graves. ''Only arrant cowards commit suicide ; and whatever blood flows in Miss Dangerfield's veins, there is not one drop of the coward in it. She will live, and to a terrible purpose, as Peter Dangerfield, Gaston Dantree, and that other little villain, Vavasor, will yet find. Katherine Dangerfield, wherever she is in this, is not in the other world — take my word for that.'' As he took up his gloves and hat, with the last emphatic words, there came a rap at the door. What presentiment was it sent Henry Otis to answer it with such a very unprofessional bound. He threw it open, and— yes— there, in the spectral, wintry dusk before him stood the tall, slender, sombre figure— its black lobes, its white face, and great solemn eyes— there stood Katherine Danger- field! He could not speak a word ; the unutterable relief of seeing her alive and there, for a moment almost unmanned him. It was she who spoke first, in that faint, sweet voice that haunted him forever after his life-long. ''May I come in ? It is very cold, and I want to see him.'' There was something so forlorn in her look, in her loneliness, in the soft, plaintive tone — something so like a spirit about her, that the words he would have spoken died on his lips. She stood before him alive, but surely death was pictured on her face. ''Come in,'' he said, simply ; and she glided past him, and in the presence of the other two. ''Mychild ! my child !'' Mrs. Otis said, with a motherly cry ;''thank heaven, you are alive, and and have come to us. Sit down ; let me warm your hands — poor, little, frozen hands. Oh ! my child, what a fright you have given us all ! Where in the world have you been ?'' She sank wearily down in the chair, and let her hands lie in the elder woman's warm clasp. ''I have been with Hannah,'' she answered, slowly; ''at Bracken Hollow, with my nurse'' And tomorrow I leave Castleford, and I could not go, you know, without seeing Gaston, poor fellow. I would have come before, but I--I don't know--my head feels all wrong somehow, and I think I have been half asleep all day. And the walk was so long — so long, and so cold — oh me ! and I was so dizzy and stupid all the way. How warm your fire is, and how nice it is to sit here !'' Her voice died drowsily away, her head dropped against the back of the chair, her eyelids fell heavily. The three about her looked in one nother's startled faces in dead silence. What did this mean ? ''My child — Miss Dangerfield !'' Mrs. Otis mur- mured. ''Oh, look up ; don't lie like that, Miss Katherine ! Miss Katherine !' ''Yes, papa,'' drowsily ; ''but I am so sleepy, and I don't want to get up to breakfast yet. Has Gaston come ? It is cold for him to ride from Castleford tonight— and he hates the cold— poor -Gaston. Call me when he comes, papa— I want to sleep now.'' Her eyes closed heavily again, her mind was wandering. Her troubles had been too much for her then, after all, and had turned her brain. Dr. Graves bent over her, and shook her slightly. ''Katherine! Katherine!'' he called; ''rouse up— Gaston has come— Gaston is here !'' She sat up and gazed at him, a bewildered look in her eyes. ''Who calls?'' she asked. ''Oh, Dr. Graves, is it you? Where am I? Is papa sick again ? Why, this isn't----' She looked around, and memory seemed slowly struggling back. ''Yes, I know now — this is Mr. Otis' house — Gaston is here.'' She rose up suddenly, fully herself. ''I am going away, and I want to see Gaston. How is he to night, Mr. Otis ?'' '''Much as he has been from the first, Miss Dangerfield— little better, little worse. ''But he will not die ? Mr. Otis, you told me he would not die !'' '' I think he will not ; I have seen worse cases re- cover. It is a sort of concussion of the brain. He does not suffer, or at least is conscious of no suffering.'' ''Thank heaven for that!'' she said, softly. ''May I see him at once now—and alone ? I don't know when I may see him again ; and, Mr. Otis you have been so kind, will you take care of him for me until he is quite well again ? I can't pay you now— I am poor— but some day, if I live, I will.'' ''I need no pay. For your sake, Miss Dangerfield, I will care for him gladly. I would cherish a dog that had been yours.' She held out her hand to him with the bright old grace. '' Thank you. I know I might trust you. I must go before it gets too late. Please take me to him at once.'' He led her to the chamber door. White, cold, and motionless, in the fast-fading daylight, Gaston Dantree lay. She had not seen him since that fatal wedding night, and now she saw him again — thus. She stood an instant ; then she entered and closed the door. They heard the soft rustle of her dress as she knelt by the bedside, then silence fell. No one spoke. The moments passed ; the night had entirely shut down ; the wind howled through the desolate church-yard, whose ghastly gravestones they could see glancing in the darkness. A hushed expectation held them— of what they knew not— a strange prophetic sort of awe. Mrs. Otis was the first to move. The mantel-clock struck six ; she turned softly and lighted the lamp, then stood waiting again. Five minutes — ten — no sign, no sound from that inner room Fifteen— twenty — the two men looked at each other uneasily. Twenty-five— thirty. Then Dr. Graves spoke. ''She has been there long enough. It is no place for her in her present state. Mrs. Otis, do you go and tell her to come out.'' The little widow, full of foreboding, tip-toed to to the door, and tapped. No answer. A second tap, louder ; still no reply. A third rap — loudly this time, but the only answer, profoundest silence. '' Open the door, mother !' called the voice of her son, sounding ttrange and husky—'' open at once !' Mrs. Otis obeyed — ever so little at first, and not looking in. '' Miss Katherine,'' she called, ?'' may I enter ?'' Still no response. Then she opened the door wide, and recoiled, with a cry. ''Henry, the child has fallen ; she has fainted !'' Henry Otis was in the room before the words were spoken. Katherine was lying on her face on the floor by the bedside, where she had softly fallen. In one second she was uplifted in Henry Otis' arms and borne out into the light. Her head fell limp over his arm, her eyes were closed, her features rigid. He laid her upon a sofa — the two doctors bent over her — one with his hand over her heart, the other on her pulse. The heart lay still, the pulse beat no longer. Rigid, white, stark she lay, already growing cold. ''Oh, Henry, speak !'' his mother cried. ''Dr. Graves, tell me, has she fainted!'' The elder doctor removed his hand from her heart, and stood up very pale himself in the lamp light. ?' ''Not fainted, madame,'' he said, quietly; '' dead !'' * * * * * * * * * * (To be continued) 