&MK;| iSSEfth "r 2Y ATHh VVjgy. fraor » -i CHAPTER I. My name is Bertha Adamv, lam an orphan. Last birthday I Was thirty-throo years of see' By profession I am a governess, but at prcsoot I hold tho responsible and . enviable Luthnn of oomnanionto the bon. Mrs Hsmlyn Vipont, reliot of Colonel Vipoot, 0th Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the last Afghan W Standing here before tho mirror I see a re- flectiou of myself— plain, email and unattrac tive. That is tho reason 1 suppose why tbo bon. Mrs Vipont selected me aa her dame do oompsgnte, during her tour through tho Aus tralian ooloulee with her ton, who was suffer ing, as 1 oamo to understand, from some shook, some mysterious sorrow that was wearing him away, and whioh his mother u.mod to fear would oraduatlv drive him to his grave. I had been a year with mother and eon at the limo this story opens. We had lingered out the antumn in Italy, bat the letter ap paired to grow woraa, and Airs Vipont wae advised to try a sea trip, and a season in New South Wales. The mother, although bind and open hearted, as a rulo, was narrow-minded, proud, md, on occasions, cruelly selfish, it was plain tome that she wae tsrrlbly jealous of the influence ot other women over the son sho idolized. I had heard from time to tlmo vsgue rumors o trouble that tad oome in ecnnecUon with the hoo. lady'a last oom- pioion. If thtse were true, 1 had no reason to imagine that my company would bsoome dangoroua tobloi. It trover appearod to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled him self about one woman e-qwuixlly. Though he seemed partial io tho society of ladies and admired their bosuty, hu was the same to all. tie was a strango, wayward, inoomproboo- liblo young man to mo, was Edgar Vipont. Bo polite, so clever, and handsome, iu spite of nis illness; yot in ot bur ways so un civilised. I was ulwuye reminded in tnv inter course with bloi of th old proverb, Scratch a Russian aud you'll God him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest solicitude if tho cap of coffe>>— in wliich he was secrody udmiuktoriiig to you a dose of deadly poUou— was swoot ouough for your taste, and taking intlmto peine to mako it so if it wore nut, smiling at you tbo whilo. The day went pleasantly by in tho city of Sydney. Mrs vipont routed a charming residence at Roso I)y, on thu height over looking tbo msgaifiusiu kartmr ; aud tbo piece was made gay by coustnnt company. Edgar Vipont would often pa»a whole days with us ; but there were times wheu ho would beoomo morose, shut himself up iu hi room,, ind refuse to seo anyone" for a week to Once as I was pruning the door of his private aittlog room, during one of his melan- iholy depreisions, I noticed, with surprise, it was standing wida open. I had never entered this apartment, fur it was ninaliy kept oloied and locked Woman like, I psosed to glauoo over tbe luxurious furniture, whon my gaze fell on tho full length portrait that hung at the further extremity ot it. It was the ploture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, porfeot features, and the moat haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Tboeo eyos soemod to faaoluato me to such a degree 'that I was held spellbound to the spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expression of agonised appeal, as intense and real as U toey had beeo living eyes, out of whioh tbe soul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room, broke tho spell, aud I flod to my room, like a guilty thiol taken In the act. This incident happened just ouo month after our erriv&i; in the colony, but ss the weeks and months went by it faded from my mind alto gether. One wetobilly dsy in Augnst, Airs Vipoot and I wersalose together iu her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's dcilghtfal ! Stories to hsr, while she reollaed on a couoh near the window, looking out at tho moun tainous waves rolling inwards at the Heads. 'Whilo I read the door opened, and Edgar Vipont entervd. Tburo was s oaroworn look on his pale fauo which was most distressing to behold. "Good morning, mother," ho eald in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table beside her sofa. 44 Good morning, Miss Adams," aud ho bowed to mo with his usual ceremonious politeness. I have brought you theae flowers. See, tho camcUiae are floor than I ever remember to have seen them iu Europe, aud the violots " "Ah, delightful," cried the ariatoaratio dame, kissing her eon and Inhaling the per fume of the rioh purple flowers. "What taste you have, Edgar. No oas oould have arranged this bouquet ae you have. How are you this rooming, my son t" she added, with aa anxious look at bis handsome faoe. Edgar Vipont laid bis hand on his breast. ,4M fowl wearied, mother ; but 1 have nothing new to complain of. Want uf sleep, want of rest, is my great alluuut ; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt— no, nor your own famous Italian medico, liesahno, seem able to help me there." Aud he raited hie Mender, waited hand to his head. Tho lady looked at him with alt the mother Id her gaze. " Tell me. la your rest as dis turbed as ever?" she taxed anxiously. "Yea, "he replied, " either I do noteleop at all at night, or, to speak more plainly, be oomo aoutely. painfully wakeful, when even ing falls, and other more fortunate mortals aro sank In quiet slumber; or my slnep is filled with droatns, whiuh, though I cannot recall them when I wake, are, I feel eeoslble, ao full of suffering, and a nameleea horror to me, that they ifwtr.roe far more than mere wakefulness would do," and ho paused and fiighed deeply. Then suddenly raising him- Hdf, said la a most eager tono, "By the way.msmere, guess who is in Sydney 1" " Who Is U, Edgar P Any of our Kaglish inoaae t "Ays, some no Z mat at j tho Bartons lost eight. Come, guess." "I .ohnhoi pray tell roe," replied 'Mrs Vipont. " He rsmsabera you years ago, mother, before you wero marrtod, when you woro Helen Fortceoue and the ballo of tho London season," oried Edgar warmly. " I told him you were still beautiful, in spite of your forty- five years; and asked him to come to us to night In a friendly way. Yon do not reoelvo to-night, ma mare P" . 41 No, not to-night, my ohUd. Only the latere Clara and Acta Pollitt are likely to call. Bat who Is this old friend P" ' None other than the eminent psycholo gist, Professor Hugh Drayton, the illustrious savant, of whoa all the world Is talking." I 'noticed Mrs- Vipont's slender fingers tighten on the hack of the sofa aa hsr son uttered the name. : "Too, yss, 1 remember him." she cried. "A wonderful man, bus ha has the reputation of being a msgtolaa— a wbatdo-yoa- osUit la thee day »7EdgerP And now " " Now he lays claim to a knowledge of tho hidden and mysterious powers of nature, I believe," he answered, "Last night we , talked together a great deal on ocouit matters, and he told ma some marvellous 'experiences he ha been through while travelling In New Zealand and other places; stranger, tndeod. and more marvellous than those of Home and his eobool, though the Professor himself dis- claims any intercourse with, or belief in, any supermundane powers you know." 44 No doubt. Tho Professor is a strange being. Would you credit tho fact that this samo Hugh Drayton foretold to mo in my youth much that bos since come to pass! Could tha hidden powers, aa yon call thorn, onablo lum to do that?" 44 1 do not know, mother," ho reptied, rising, and looking intently ber, forahebad become very pale. "Whataaya Mba Adams': " and be tunica towards me. Tbe question made mo langh. It was not possible to find a more maltcr-of-faot person than myself. I felt totally void ot imagination, and was never troobled with a reverio or a day dream in my life. I had no belief what ever either ia Air llomo's spiritual mission or In Professor Dravton'e secret powers — no more shin I bad In our old English legends of ghosts, Sootoh tales of pixies, or Irish banshees. So I shook my head isorcdolonsly. 44 1 fear that I am ooe of little faith, Mr Vipoot," I said. " Your old friend the savant, would find me a very stiff-necked berotic, I fancy, and bard to convert to bis "Have you ever studied the subject!" asked Edgar Vipoot. "No," I admitted. "I should not think of studying it seriously auy more than I should attempt to practice astrology or magic. "Our raoe are famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globo. Per haps you would not bo eo credulous, Mlu Adams, If you bad seen what I bays among a toot you dcslgnato Mad Spiritualists. You milo." "Pardon me, air, bat ooly think of all tho shameful exposure of those so-called mediums that have taken place both on the continent of Europe and in Eugland. Do thoy not shako your faith P" 44 Not so, " answered be, with some anima tion. "Iu all trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does not hinder their being a residuum o( honest meu among thorn, I trust. Look at Mesmerism j no ono doubts thu truth of the phenomena now, thongh for a time tho crowd nf charlatans who aroso as followers of Aleemcr east dlsaroilit on what is now universally admitted to be one of tho most inoxplioablo of physical phenomena." 44 True, sir, but-—" " Well, well," interrupted he, smiling, 4 ' Professor Drayton will be hore this even- ing, and porbaps ho will give us a Bampie or Ills powors. Would it try your nerves much, uwthcr. or your's, Alias Adams!" Mrs Vipont heeitatod, but I gave a most decided reply lo tbo negative. By and bye mother and son began to con verse In low tones, aod I saw her faco grow troubled aud almost stern, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Soizing on the first pretext for eeoape, I rose and left the room. As I was going these words from Mrs Vipont foil on my ear. " Can you not for get, even now, Edgar ! She is not dead— she has left you. She has forgotten you. Como mysou, do not forget that you aro a Vipont.' And then the door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along tho corridor to my own apartment. CilAPTSB II. As I stood before my dressing table arranging my toilet, previous to going down ; to Mrs Vipont's room that evening, my eye rested on something that lay nparkllng on the carpet bebiod me, being reflected in the mirror. I lurood and obeorved, between tha wainsootting of the room aud sho wall, an object whioh glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it op, aod brought is to the light. It was a plain gold locket, sot with a single diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a curl ot dark hair, and a small portrait— the same fascinating face, with tho nad, imploring eyes, whioh had held mo spoil- bound at ths threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moraeut a strange feeliug of fear came over me, and I looked round, half ex pecting to encounter the original, an idea that madu tne laugh heartily tho next moment To whom could tho locket bolong? I flxumlnod It long and carefully by tho gas light, and then stood lost in thought before tho fire, from which I was suddenly roused by tbo ringing of Mrs Vlpout's bell. Hastily slipping the trinkofe ioto my poaket, I hur ried down to her. I found nor dressed in blaak velvet/ dellcato Uce and pearl, and who wanted me to do a dozen Uttlo nothings for ber. She wee seated before the firo with with tbe two UUe Pollltts— the elder a stout apatbotio lady of thirty, the other a tall, jolly, and stroog-mlndoa person, two years younger, with speotaolos on hsr noe, and a decided tendenoy towards the mascullno In her attire. Tho Professor had not yet ar rived. Thoy were talking about bim as I entered, Stella Pollitt, the elder, deriding tbe secret force theory, and sbo of the spectacles urging thatsuoh nonsense should be taken in hsna and put down by the church. In a few moment the door opened and Professor Drayton entered, and I for one was foroodto confess that his appearance, at auy rate, inspired oonbdeooe ana res poet. He was a fine looking man of Ave and fifty, with a close shaven, well- featurod face, ana a pair of small, peering hazel eyes that seemed to look one through and through. Wo wore Introduced tohlmoneafteranothor, and he then Immediately fell into talk with Mrs Vipont, ber son, and Dora PolUtt, whilst land Miss Pollitt sat by listening. " Well, but tell us, doar Professor," said Mrs Vipout after an animated dlicasslon, "Is thero auy one of ur who you think would be particularly sensitive to this strange forco, call it what you will ?" Tbo visitor looked round and smiled. " Yon, at least, Mrs Vipont, aro scarcely to be called seasiuve, and my young frisnd, Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Pollitt," and be bowed to the lady In spectacles, " would provo too moth for it; but stay, this young lady," aud be looked At mo attentively, 41 Is, I _1 IJ . . a.n.lUw. T A. II X BUOUIU »/, uovmou.y m — ».«" It" " I, aitt Impossible, crlod I, laughing. 44 AYbst, Mba Adams i" they all exolaimod. " Why, she is an utier unbeliever in every thing, and praotioal almost to heresy," addod Edgar Vipoot. Professor Drayton remained unmoved, and still kept his oyei on mo with a searching gazo which made ma fsel very uncomfort able. In spite of what you aver to tho con trary, I feel oertaio that Miss Adams i very stive to and easily affected by the power I believe In," he returned. "May 1 teat your ha asked, suddeoly approaching me. For the life ot me, much as I should have preferred, I oould oot say No, but gave my consent at ono. By tbe Professor's direc tions the doors were fastened, the light lowered, and we eat in a olrele, I being exactly opposite to him. He placed some thing, a pleoe of metal in my hand and bade ,me Took at It steadily. Bis eyes exercised an extraordinary influcnoa over me and I obeyed, and for a few mtnutes a deep stianoe reigned in the apartment. 1 started. Had i been sleeping t What had happened to me 1 I felt as it I had passed through period of uneonsdoomeee, and hod suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world. A world whioh termed to centre la the fnuono ot one bolng— and that being was Professor Drayton. His piercing glance fell full into mine with a blazing trtnmpbanfe expression as be laid his hand on my forehead said, See." I shuddered and lookod around. We were no longer in tho room; beside tho Pro fessor,. almost touching him, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery from bead to foot, and from whom there emanated an in describable odor. I aaw Airs Vipont shiver and turn pale, hereon looked ghastly. Stella Pollitt stood silent, almost appalled, while the younger sister crouched down beside her trembling visibly, and holding the elder sister's hand as if for protection. 1 heard the Professor muttering to him self, of whioh tbo words, 'peculiar" and ' strange " only caught my oars. " What do you see, Miss Adams?" he enquired presently. I struggled to speak, my vocal powers seemod numbed ; then in a voice strange and hollow, that startled those who were listening. I answered— I see a. form, tall, white, standing beside you," and 1 pointed ay fingers towards " Doforibc it further," replied tbe Pro fessor. " I cannot see tho face," I answered. " It is covered by a whlto drapery." " Toll the being you see to raise tbo urspory,' I obeyed, and slowly the figure raised a long white band, aod reraovod tbo folds that hid tbe faoe from my view. As It did so a nameless terror seized me, and X fancy con vulsed me, for I retnomber bearing Mrs Vipont cry out — "Professor Drayton, sho is ill. Pray rouse her," And then I was quiet again, yet I recognised tho face at ooce. It was tho original of tho portrait I had seen iu Edgar Vipont's room. 44 Dcscribo what you see," commanded the Professor again. A woman," I murmured, " young, dark, very pale, brown eyos, long black hair, very sad expression.' Stop her, for mercy's eako 1 " cried Mrs Vipont, starting forward, for her son haAj sunk on the sofa insensible, whilst the sistur ware attemntinir to onen the door in terror The eoanco wae at an cod. In a fow moments I -was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and her visitors, assisted by some of the servanta who had been summoned, busied themselvoe iu restoring Edgar Vipont to consciousness, and he was carried to bis apartments, deeply affected by what had transpired. As our visitors wore leaving, Profeisor Drayton, who had been attending upon tbo invalid, approached and said, " Ladles, let me ask you a question. Hod any of you a look of bair or a souvenir of friena or relation deoeasod about you this evonlog fr" They all replied In the nogative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay the looket 1 bod fouud io my bedroom. Tho Professor appoarod puzzled. " Well, ladies," ho said, 44 1 am ready at a loss to ao- count for tho strange odour which was per oeptiblo in this room an hoar ago." " Wo all perceived it," answered the youugor Miss Pollitt, pushing up her spec- taoles to look at him. " Indood, Professor, you aro a wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excoUent subject. Do you feel alarmed or fatlgaed !' sho addod, turning to mo. " No, only u littlo dazed, but I confess I am in no small measure shocked," I replied. 4,I did not expect or dcsJro to find myself so alivo to tbo secret powers, whatever thoy may bo ; " and I tried to laugh, bat shuddered in stead, as I caught tho Professor's full round oyo fixed on mo. "You must have a strong rapport with the spirit, or being' or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams, said ho. " If you should at any future time seo it again, wm you write aud tell mo the particulars of your ox pericnco I " "Seo it again l " I uttered iu a horrified tone. 44 Nay, I truftt not I bus if 1 do," 1 added hastily, " I will do as you desire." For the spell he bad exercised over mo was not yet quits dispelled. Our visitots departed, and wo were alone— that is Mrs Vipoot aod X. Sho vas silent, embarrassed, almost atera in her manner, as I attended her at her toilot. It was my duty to read her to sleep, but ou this night she dismissed mo with a curt " Good night." As I waa about to cloto the doc r ot tba bed room I ohauocd to put my hand in my pooket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came In contact with tho lockot. Btrange, indeed, I should liavo forgotton it after tbo query of tbe l'rofeator. I reotoead tho door, and approaohod the bed. " Madame, I h&vo; something to say— a confession to make," I said. Mrs Vipont lookod at mo with a smile of languid enquiry. " What have you to say, Alias Adams <" Do you remembor, when Professor Dray ton aikod if any of us held anything that had belonged to a deceaeod friend or relative! " Perfectly," she aoewered with interest, and sitting up. " Well ? " " I had forgotton that I bad this in my pooket, wheu he put tho question," and I put the locket id her hand. Sho gave a sudden cry of pain as if the thing had been a deadly soaxo and bad stuog hor. 44 Where did you got this ? " she demanded fiercely, and clutching me by the wrist so tightly that tho pain made mo gasp. 44 Madam, 1 plokod up that lockot !a my bedroom this evonlug, just before I came down to you. 1 put it hastily iu my pockot when your boll rang, and tho fact of its being tboro has boon called to my mind only this moment." Bho looked at mo dubiously. " Alite Adumi, you know my son ia very 111," she saiti, after a pause, in whleh she had turnod the unfortuaats locket round in hor trembling bauds. Will you promlsomo ouo tiling!" 14 What ehall I promise 1" That vou will nover mention tho oxlat- en so of thu trinket to my son." I promlso." It would surely kill him," I heard her murmur ma trembling toue. Then she dis missed mo, and I was glad to retire to the quiet of my own room to think over tho avonta of the evening. (To iik CoNTiynKU Next Satdbdat.! 