THE ENTHRONEMENT OF DR. KENNION. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, November 2. 1894. Dean and Chapter of Wells having kindly intimated through their clerk (Mr. Richard Harris) that a place would be found for your correspondent in the Cathedral on Tuesday, should he wish to wituess Dr. Kennionh enthronement, I left town Joy tfce 9 a.m. Western express bom Waterloo on that day. Rain was then pouring down in torrents in London, and as we tore south westwards through the sodden and mist-laden country the prospect was ineffably dreary. Fortunately, towards noon the weather lifted a bit, and by the time we reached Wells things were almost tolerable. It was immediately apparent on arrival that this usoaUy staid cathedral city was en fete. " Blaokooats" in abundance, witn their women folk in the eayeet of apparel, paraded the streets, and overall there was an air of serious excitement and exhilaration. 1 bad just time to make my way to a oonteotioner'a and par take of a veal pie of dubious ingredients and a glass of the fiery cherry peculiar to suoh places, when the cathedral dock struck '£, and I hurried off to the aacrad fane. There was a great crowd within the precincts, out thanks to my pass I got ewiltly to a seat commanding a fine view of boto nave and choir. Wells is, I should say, not one of our most notable cathedral churohes, but with every nook and cranny crowded to excess as on Tuesday the scene was highly impressive. Quite 6,000 lay folks and 600 curpliocd clergy must have been present I was told. Amongst the early arrivals ?ere two ootogenanan arohdeaoons, and at five minutes past the hour Bishop Brumby and Bishop Hobbouse entered thechoir, proceeded to the altar, and took their seats in tnesedilia. A few minutea later the magnificent organ broke into triumphant strains, and the choir entered jubilantly singing the "Te DeUm." They stopped at the words "the comforter," and a voluntary was played whilst a Jung string of west countiy mayors, corpo rations, and clergy filed ibto the choir. Then Mr. Dean appeared at the weet door, sup ported by prebendaries, arohdeaoons, oanonn. residentiary deans, verger, fee He was fol lowed by the Bishop's procession, oonsuiing of parochial clergy, rural deans, the chancellor of the diocese, the bishop's apparitor, the bishop's chaplain (with pastoral stall), the Bishop him self, and finally the Archdeacon of Canterbury, representing the Arcnblbhop. Dr. F~—■?**"" looks (as I have befurw observed) every inch a bishop. His mien was a jodkaous blend «i digmtied repose and pricsdy benevolence. Mx. Dean scented his lordship with solemn affability, but what he esjd we oouldn't hear. Ho took ma new chief by the hand, however, and led him up to a relic of antiquity called *' the loldstool," upoa which the Bishop knelt awhile in silent prayer. When the Bishop rose the singing of tba"Te Doom" was revalued at the words, "Thou art the hang," and was continued to the words, "in glory everlasting," the procession moving in the dirtodoo of the choir. When the Bishop and Dean reached Bishop Bubwitb'n Cbankry the proonwoo again halted. The oath was administered to the Biahop by tfae Dean in the ohantry. After the Bialiop and Dm were seated, with rha ooapter derk in attaadanoa, the Bishop addressed the Deaa thus:-*1! pray that I tn*y be duly inducted. install—l, and en throned into my bisboprio, and I offer myself aa ready and willing to take any oath lawful and woottst and by law and custom in that behalf used." las Dean then said:—" Weare willing that you be so inducted, installed, and enthroned. Brat requiring of you the oath lawful and cus tomary to bo taken on «udi occasion." Tb* Dean, holding the New Testament in hujband, admututemi the oath, both he and the bishop standing meanwhile. Tbe?tabop kissed the Testament, and said—"As I .ball answer the uo* to Almighty Uud I do promise." On the return of the Bishop and Dean from toe ohantry the singing was nsnaed at the words, "O Lord, save;" the prooaauon moving into the choir to their several stalls and seats. The Archdeacon of Canterbury and the Dean conducted tfae Bishop to the altar, tim Bishop taking tbe north aide, and tbe Archdeacon of Canterbury the sooth. tae JUasn sitting in tbe sedilia. Whan ths "Te beam" was tnded. and tbe ooograga [ tion seated, tbe Bishop, turning to the ooogre gation, said, "Brethren, pray for us;" and again kneit in Client prayer. The Biabop rising was then conducted by tbe Dean and the Arohdeaoun of Canterbury to the steps of his throne, aad was enthroned by tb* Arobdeaoon of Canterbury, who said—'' 1, iGoocgv Bodaey Edeo. Doctor of Divinity, Arobdeacoa of Canterbury, do induct, install, aad entarooe you. th? Right Reverend Father in God. Gaorgs Wyndbam Kaasion, Doctor of Divinity, iv tbe stall, chair, or throne, to tbe Bubupno of Ba:fa and Wells in this Catasdral Church usually assigned, and into the real, actual, aod corporal poMmio? of the •aid Btshoprio and Cathedral Oburoh ot Walla with all it* nghat, digntuw, booon, priviltgta, and appurtaoaaoss whatsoever, in the name of tbe Father. th? Son, aod the Holy Ghost." Evensong toUuwed, the anthem bring Meodslstoba's " How lovely are th* masssn g*n," and to* Biahop pronouncing the bene diction. Another short esrvios in Latin, and then the proousuns reformed and nude for tbspalaoa. Immediately Us Lordship entered ths orypt of the palaos the Caanoellar of lbs Diocese (Mr. T. E. ttogfn) shook bands with him aod odograt?laSsd Bun upon bu appatntnemt. The remainder uf the proouaaiua then entered the room, and having taken up tkwr position*, ths Deaa introduced tbe *' mayors of the two moat renowned oitta* in England—Bath and Wdla." I.N.a-Kur tailing "a whopper" like this Dnau J« B-afct. would in this old days at Uugby have gtvao a boy 1,000 lines.] lie also psraonted the mayors of Ula*tanbary, Voonl, Bridjrwater, Zaun too, and many ether notables to his lordship. Tbe mayor and aldermen of Walla than barred the Bishop to receive aa address, in us reply Dr. KMinion said—"l warmly sppiwjiaia ate rsfsreoo* you have made to my sojourn in on* of England's gnat colonies. TW? ths OMwioipal omoars are highly vaiawi and a warm mtorust taken in them by tbs in habitants of all iaearporaied towns. I nope that tbe happy relationship wuiah existed bstwMO tbe oaronaad oorporatioas in tbe <atim fat Sooth Australia will bs augury of the condition of things which may exist hate. On babalt of Mrs. Reunion and myself I bag to thank yuo." About this time I had to fly to oaten the 6 i rrmss bask to town, which was reached at 9. Tho Wesieyan Methodists of Somerset shire have presented an address of weioont* to the b?w Bishop of Bath and Walls. He doss not, they opine, agree witn the parish olark, who grounded bis banef that all Noo oonlormistt wen bound for burning on tbe phrase in tbe Auostlos' creed which, said be, ran, ''and be diuotUd into hell." 