OATHOLIO DOOTMNM AND! PAPAL DOGMA: FOR GIVENESS AND ABSOLUTION. Tho Rov. S. Bryant's fourth diocourso doalt with tho dootrino of f orgivonoaa, and tho dogma of absolution, and waa based upon Luko v. 21. Tho aubjoot waa introduced by an oxpoiiition of Christ's hoaling tho paralytic, and tho incredulous question, ' Who can forgive ains, but God alono P' Whon any man or any society claimed tho prerogative of absolving mon from thoir nino, a aoarohing onqulry should bo inatitutod, for oithor it was a ooao of blaaphomy, or thoEo who doniod tho claim woro rofus ing God's gift. Tho groat problom of roligion wae, how to bo rid of sin. Apart from a npocial revelation men had boon connoi oua of cuilt, but they had failed to pro vide any satisfactory moanu of oncapo, Holy Scripture rovoalcd liodomptiou by tho sacrifice of .lomin Christ i it pro claimed God nil' just and tho justiflor of him that boliovoth in Joituu.' Uudor tho law a pouitout Jow brought hia aacrifico to tho priest that ho might bo forgivon ; but oven then ovory ono had tlio right of upproach to tho Most. High in person. Undor ' graco' ])rioiit-liood, as a class dintinction, was abolished. ThoNow Tofllamonl only rocogniuod two forniB of priest-hood : tho high priest hood of Jobuh Christ, who wan at tho fliuno timo priont and victim ; and tho prioat- hood of all bolievora, according to tho words of St. I'etor, writton to Chriatiana in general, 'Yo aro a holy TH'inHi.-hnfi/i* — (i. vmrn.l -^vi('»fi(:-linnfl ' lln. Hides this two fold priesthood tho Nov/ Tcfltamont know of no othor. Tho way of paulon and abaolution, according to Christ and Hit) ApoHtloa, waa by'confes ning Bin to God, and trusting in tho moritfl of Christ, without; human intor vontion. ' If wo confooa our uiiin, ho in faithful and righteous to forgivo us our Bins, aud tooloaniio ua from all unright oouwnoaa.' Tho Church of Homo taught that God f orgavo tho repentant ainnor for Christ's aftko j but it required that tho conf oauion bo made to u prioat, who witii onipoworod to absolvo tho sinner. Tho teaching of fcho Church vim that by baptism ono waa mado a Christian, und oinn aftor baptiHm muotbo absolved by a priest. That, tho proaohor contonded, was not authorised by tho Now Testament j wan oppoBcd to tho Bpirit and toaohing of Chrinti und tbn n.iiniii'.lnn i wiui noviinini to oouln, and a hindoranco to liborty and pioty. Much Btroaa waa laid upon Jamoa v. 10. 'Confess youv faultn ono to anothor, and pray ono for anothor, that yo may bo hoalod.' That waa no war rant for auricular confossion to a priest) it enjoined mutual confwmion and mutual prayer ; a follownhip of contri tion and supplication. Neither in that passage, now In any othor part of tho Now Tosfcamont, wasi confession to a prioat, an a condition of pardon, hinted at, much losa onioinod. Somo of tho greatoat It. 0. divinoa had admittod that wo could not oortainly afllrm aac ramoniai coniosBton to nave boon meant or ppokon of in that placo, A diotin guishod prolate had said upon thin toxt, 'It might appear aatoniohing woro it not notorioun that on thiu paunago ia built tho Romaniuh dootrino of tho noo OKiilty of confusing nins to a prioat.' Anothor proof toxt wan the remark able and profound saying of Jomifi, nftor hia resurreotion, ' Receive yo tho Holy Ghost : whonoovoi1 ninn yo forgive, thoy aro forgivon unto them j whonoovor Bins yo retain, thoy aro retained.' A sacred and awful power was entrusted to a truo Chnataan f.ccUwa \ its aot» douo by tho inapiration of tho divino spirit had Chrint'n nanction. But thin trust was oommitted to tho aunomblod (liaoiplos, not to tho apofitlon only. If it had boon ontrmitod to tho apontlos alono, thoro wan no proof that thoy woro ompowored to traniimit it to others, or that, it would be ronowod aftor thoir docoaae, Evon if that power had been givon, tho Papal hiorarchy could not make good itfi claim to ox clufiivo apontolioal nucceimion, Eithor of thoBO i/s win1, an offootnal bar to Papal abnolution. Allied to that text wan tho famouo pannage, Matt. xvi. li). ' tho power of the Icoya,' Mr. Bryant horo quoted from a distinguished Anglican divino, tho following paragraph, ' Potor waa qualified to boa tiovibe mntruotcd into tho kingdom of hoavon, and now tho key was given to him an tho token of hin admission to that ofilco. It made him not a priosfc, hut a loaohor and intoiprotor. Tho binding and loosing woro tho formal confirmation in worda of that symbolio act. For thoy belong to tho noribo'ti olllce and not to tho priests, and oxpreimnnontiroly difforont thought from that of retaining and forgiving niiui, Tho power of tho Itoyn wan not sncordotal, but belonged to the ofilco of a scribo or touchor. Tho claims of tho Church of Rome rent, such aa thoy are, on tho grcatnoim of hor history, ou hor aHBOoiation with tho Imporial City, on tho work dono by hor an bho light of tho wide west in agon of davkneno, on tlio imposing aapoot of her imagined unity; but to build them upon tho promise to Potor in but tho idloat of fantautio dreamo, fit only to find its placo in that Limbo of vanities which containn, among, othor abortive) or niorbed growths, tlio monstronitioa of interpretation.' Tho No^y Toatamont taught that thoro in Ono Mediator an thoro is ono God, In tho Goapol a way waa oponod by tho highprionthood of Jenun Christ, for ovory ponitont to como dirootly to tho throno of Qod'a graco. Whoovor pormittod a man, whatovorliiBoillco, to como botwoon him and God pormittod himself to bo lod into anti-Christian bondage Confession of ain was a common and salutary praotico. In tho early Churches a backslider mado full and opon confoonion prior to boing ro stored to fellowship, The miaohiof of opon, detailed, conioasiona, lod to thoir boing rologatod to a privato hoariug. Tho miniator of the oongrogation would often be tho wino and sympathetic counsellor of nonitonts \ and bo this salutary practicoof tho early Christians grow tbrough, tho porvorslty of occlosinstical nggrosHion during coutur io,s into tho dogma of aurioular confoaa ion aud priestly absolution, ' Marvol Ioub porvornity of aouto braiiiB and worthy nontimont, allowing only how nteop in tho way of orror, and how for Christianas for Jow tho danger of tradition in perilous indeed.' Tho proaohor wont onto nay, that tho conf oaaioniil wan a strong hold of Papal power. Ho had no sympathy with tho tnctioa of those controvoraialiatn who raked up prurient quotations from the literature of tho confonnional, and adduced shocking instances of the pro stitution of a naerod office to atroeioun onda, Tho boot cauno mightbo dofamed by tho woaknoas or hypoeriay of its. agents. Yot it waa noconaaiy1 to ask whether thono rites bad tundod to raiso privato virtue andpublio morality nbovo tho avorago standard of thoao whom Roman Catholics oallod horoticn that thoir boast. It did Boom to thoao wIiobo minds woro froo from ft Papal )ian, a poriloun thing to oxpouo virgin innoconco, and family conudonco to tho nakod oyoa of a Confoniior, who though apriofltiantilla man, and who por ohanco had no opooial fltnoou for no dolioato ft trust. It (loomed a Bad necessity that hia mind should bo burdened with tho intimato knowlodgo of moral dolinquoneioa imoh an no roalintio author would bo allowed to print. It waa a uorious thing to oncour acro tho boliof that an ofllcial of tho Church could givo what God alono could grant i or to allow ono to hopo that liia priost could absolve him, with out any strenuous offort to avoid ain in futuro. If tho prioat'u authority to grant abiiolution yiovo not cortain, it wan poriloun that ho should como botweon God and a pouitont aovil, or that ho nhould domand a place in the forum contdantiw, not an an advocato but an a judgol It bocamo ovory man vrl\n il/viihf/ifi f.linf. i«!f»lif in (\\\t\i\t flimll intrusion without ceromony. Through tho Confonuional tho Papal power, with ito roligioua orders, rulon, agonciea and pernifitonoy, waa a for midablo force in Socioty, whioh adapt ed itaolf to ovory situation, and subor dinated ovorythmg to tho ono aim, of making an Italian occleninatio tho world'o dictator. It wan making itri proflonco known in thoao now couutrion, and needed to bo watched with uleopleun vigilanco, and to bo hold in check by rightooun routraintit j to bo fairly mot in intelligent controvoroy ; lont it nhould grow upon tho nhouldorn of thoao young fl'tatos, and only bo got rid of at last by a supremo offort, which ' wan for tho individual, martyrdom, and for tho atftto, revolution. Tho discourse was concludod by au appeal to all to confess thoir Binn to God, and nook Him for pardon, which He would grant to all freoly and abundantly. 