The superstition that regards the Peacock as au unlucky bird <"0 have about the House begins to find favour amongst State school teachers. Of the one hundred and forty barristers now practising in New South Wales only nineteen appeared before the late Judge Stephen. The Financial Iteform League sets down the cost of our defences at i'210,0D0 a year. And Eome critics say we get no " security " for our money. Dr. Hobsfall was the name of the doctor who made the medical inquiry into the CHUse of the death of jockey Martin Burke. Queer coincidence. The Trades Hall Council is deep in a dispute in the bottle trade. The council's attitude will be better understood when we explain that the bottles are empty. A man died suddenly whilst playing the big drum in the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, tbe other night. This is a change. It is more often the man who listens who dies. They are exhibiting a picture called "Nana" in Sydney, and making a good thing out of it by fixing one day for male patrons and another for female ditto. "Nana" is a Becond "Chloe" so far as the dressmaker is concerned. Williamson and Musgrove made no distinction with their living pictures, but they were never out of " drawing," and the insinuation was not needed. The cable reports that a " miracle worker," Father John, of Cronstadt, has been sent for to work a miracle in favour of the Czar of all the Kussias, the doctors having failed to discover any hope for the unhappy autocrat. This is rather rough on Father John; miracles only come off when drugs would be equally efficacious, and no man was ever cured of kidney disease by a dealer in spells, pious or otherwise. Faith may move mountains, but not restore granulated kidneys. Mobe banquets and Ministerial junkettings. Ministers are wandering hither and fro, and meeting banquets along the line of march. One of the most passionate indictments made against the Patterson Government arose out of the weakness Sir James and his colleagues had for picnics and banquets. Are Mr. Turner and his friends going to develop the same failing? With the former Ministry it was " Eat, drink and be merry, for to-morrow we die." The present one will have to be careful it does not contract the same fatal That Christchurch wedding-party of which so much was written in Australian papers recently, and which attracted attention by reason of the bride and bridesmaids appearing in rational costume, has found its way into the London illustrated weeklies. Tine, Sketch gives a full page illustration of the party, in which the Amazonian bride, in a coat and knickers, is represented gripping her lame, bald husband, and looking, all over, boss of the job. This is fame. Some people heeouie famous by reason of what they are, and others by reason of what they wear. Anothui attempt to establish rcmjuledy arbitration has gone bung, and the labours of the Trades Hall, Chamber of Commerce, and Employers' Union delegates are lost. To carry out the proposal would be tantsmount to establishing a law for convincing men against their will, andjthat is the shortest cut to a revolution. Talk of economy. The old fever and emnll-pox hulk, Faraway, whose yellow flag as she lay at anchor off the North Head was for a quarter of a century a disquieting spectacle to all who passed in or out of Port Jackson, was ordered cut of use lately. And what was done with it ? Burned, you would say, with all its evil history of cholera, black death and other disorders? No; it was sold by auction, the wood being considered good for weather-boarding houses or flooring rooms. " New Zealand for the New Zealanders" is th fc popular cry in the oversea colony just now, though where the New Zealanders would have come in had " Maoriland for the Maories " been a successful shibboleth about thirty yeais ago is a tough ronundrnm. The idea of proposed new egielation in N.Z.is to exclude every man, woman or child who is not sound in limb and wind, a native of a favoured nation, and something of a capitalist. New Zealanders are getting perky; they want to be considered very select evidently. New Zeal-land is a good name for the country. The Argvs, in its biography of the late James Anthony Froude:—"In IM-lj he took deacon's orders in the Church of England, but'his intellect was ton robust, aud his character too independent, to admit of his long remaining in it." From this it would appear that the Art,us, a church paper, in its general tone is of opinion that tbe Church of England is no place for men of robust intellect and independent character. One hopes that a piece of Bishop Goe's matutinal toast did not go the wrong way when he read this over his breakfast. A peculiar feature of the alleged exposure of Mrs. Mellon's method of raising spooks is that relative to the attenuated nature of the medium's legs. This is a delicate subject, perhaps, hut-, under the circumstances, the legs can be discussed in a scientific spirit. The following is clipped from the Argus:—"It is alleged in tbe later stage of tbe explanation given by Cissie that most of her power is derived from her lower extremities, hence their thinness." Thi6 is not very definite. It means that Cissie, the spook, derives her power, not from her own extremities, but from those of the medium, so that Mrs. Mellon's legs became the spook's visible means of support. After this we expect the chorus lady whoso understandings are not very satisfactory in tights to have tbe excuse that she keeps a pet spook which snniii-irts itself at the expense of her what-^eicall-'ems. There are people—foolish or otherwise, accord- ing to the point of view from which they are regarded—who not only believe in spirits, but are prepared to back the advice given by these alleged ghostly visitors in hard cash. A mining venture, within a few miles of the Melbourne Post Office, in which several thousand pounds have already been sunk, has been largely financed by a Melbourne lady of fortune, purely on account of what she was told in a spiritualistic seance. Coal is the mineral for which boring is being made, and the experts of the Mines Department have declared positively that there is not the " ghost of a chance "—appropriate phrase—of getting any at this spot. Nevertheless, the lady has preferred to believe her spirits than the men of science, and the boring has been going on busily. Before she has finished, the lady will probably find that it is easier to raise " spirits from the vasty deep " than minerals. There is a story told of a man who starved his horse to such an extent that, in going up a hill, it actually slipped through the collar. This «ns a very remarkable ft at, but not nearly so much so as the feat—or feet—of Mrs. Mellon, of Sydney, whose shoes and stockings fell off because her legs got so thin ! That is the explanation given by this singular lady as to how ir, chiuo about that she was found with bare feet whin the gis was so suddenly turned on during the spiritualistic semice at the house of Dr. Macarthy. The spook "Sissy" drew her substance, it nppears, from tbe lower extremities of the medium. " Hence t he attenuation of my lower limbF, until they Itmme dhiicst like sticks; the consequence of this was that my shoes and stockings fell off.'' We should not like to be so rude as to ask whether th« lady doss not wear garters or suspenders; but even if not, we confess ourselves utterly puzzled to understandhow the shoes and stockings ot anyone in asittiug position could fall off, even though they were as big as cabin trunks and flower bags respectively. One is, however, driven to the speculation at- to what would have happened bad tbe spook drawn its power from the upper instead of the lower stories of the medium. Would anything else have alien off then ? And if so, how much ? Me. D. J. Duogan, the new member for Dunolly, believes the member to be worthy of his hire, and hotly resents the early attempts of his constituents to appropriate his screw per medium of the hat, the plate, and the endless subscription list. Mr. Duggan complains in the Tamagulla Courier of the rapacity of the respectable beggai-3 in his district, and asks piteously if he is expected to finance every stoney broke charity and deadbeat institution in the electorate. Whatever the expectations may be, the M P. gives people to understand that he'll be hnnged if he does. Here is a slab from his letter :—" Allow mc to inform the electors of Dunolly that I propose to put tbo salary allowed me as their member into mv own pocket, and, further, that I propose to endeavour to honestly earn that Balary." If you send a man to sit in Parliament, To help on legislation or to block it. It don't follow, sir?, to any grn -.t extent That you have a right to levy on his picko*. He will vote for all the measures that you clwiofn, And will barrack for the miners and F.'lecr.irs; He'll support the bold electors' little viens— But he can't support tlio whole of the Sectors | 