STRAY THOUGHTS ON SUNDPLY SUBJECTS. [BY DEMOS, The spiritualistic exposures whichs have recently taken place must be very disheartening to enthuisastic believers in that doctrine, I have come across people who had implicit faith in the "spook ' business, and would take it almost as an insult, were you to refer to it in any but the most solemn terms. But for Mr Henry grabbing Mrs Mlellon's " Cis sie " by the arm, thus opening the flood gate to the ultimate exposure, spiritualists would have still kept on believing. When Mr lenry gripped the ghost "Cissie" by the arm he found the limb attached to none other than the body of Mrs Mellon. Bow the poor, dear woman must have winced ? Notwithstanding the explosion there are still some apostles of " spookery " whose belief, though shattered, de pends for a defence in that Mr Ernest Hosking and the other conjurors are themselves " mediums " who wittingly or unwittingly work their marvels ny the aid of the spirits, i3osh Spiritua lism is a clever cofinuror's trick, atd it is astonishing that in this supposed age of enlightenment many apparently well educated people should be led into the belief that there is a connect isg link between the mediums and the world beyond. Robert Louis Stevenson is no more. The world of letters has been deprived of the services of one whom it can ill afford to lose. An unbiassed and talented writer in the highest sense of the word, it is no wonder that he should have made an honored name for himself among the great litterateurs of the day. It has been truly said that he stood pre-eminently in the forefront of modern writers. Lovers of fiction who have read his works will bear testimony to the cultured mind predominant throughout, When ever he departed from the ordinary routine his descriptive writings were a masterpiece, and so long as Robt. L. Stevenson's name was attached the best authorities state that it could be taken as gospel truth. It seems peculiarly +.anoe tha-. he should have chosen the atmosphere of the secluded Samoan island, to display his literary genius, but the wish he ex pressed before his decease had also a touch of remance about it. It was that he should be buried on the summit of the Vaca mountain, 1300 feet above the level of the sea. His wish was carried out. The funeral it is said was a picturesque one. Thirty Samoans out a track through to the summit of the mountain up which the body was carried with the greatest difficulty. The least one can can do is to hope that his 'last long sleep " may be a calm repose in that" bourne from when no traveller returns." "Will the Upper House throw out the Land Tax Bill " is the all absorb ing topic among followers of Parlia mentary procedure? It is a hard matter to say. There are many bitter opponents of the tax in that chamber, because it will touch them, hut they must consider long before depriving the Government of revenue. That would be a revolutionary step. What is there in the land tax that it should be looked upon by some as a ";terrible iniquity ?" Depend upon it if there is an appeal to the country there will be a great fight, but I would be prepared to lay all I am worth upon the result. The world's greatest statesmen have applauded taxation of the land as the most equitable impost possible, and I doubt if it would not be better to raise all revenue from that source, every person contributing according to his means, The revenue has to be made up somehow. Would it not be fairer thin to make it up in a direct way than the indirect course pursued now?" All customs duties, except those that are really protective, could be done away with, thus relieving many people of a burden which they in too many instances_are unable to bear. I wonder what those gentle men who call land taxers by all sorts of ugly names would say if they read some of the Right Hon. W. E. Glad stone's orations pn the subject. Here is a few lines from one who is admittedly one of the most genuine statesmen in the world to-day: " Those persons who possess large portions of the space of- the earth are not altogether in the same position as the possessors of mere personalty, for personalty does not impose the same limitations on the action and the industry and the well being of the commenity as the possession of land does, and therefore I hold that compulsory appropriation if for an aldequate publio object, is a, thin in itself admirable and sound in principle." What an "amiable bri gand" or an awful robber most Mr Gladstone be in the eyes of some people. 