'ENOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] SUPERIOR SHORT STORIES, Bt FAVOURITE AUTHORS. ÎOR HIS SAKE, BT ':;- S. CLARKE HOOK, Author of " The Maiden's Vow," &o.; (Copyright.) " What a dreadful night for Herbert to be out/' exclaimed Ruby Trehearn to her step-mother, as the wind came aweepisg round the old house, rattling the windows in their frames, and dashing the rain upon them. -. " I am sure I don't see why he need be out night after night as he is, neglecting his young wife." "Oh|. mamma! Don't talk such nonsoase. Herbert does not neglect ms at nil," replied Ruby, tossing ber pretty heád. "V .' YoU will excase me for saying that I nm not talking nonsense, and I think it excessively rade of yon to say so." ** Thon don't talk against Herbert. I am snrö he is very good to you." " Ok, if I am not wanted here, I can go. I suppose I have a right to express my thought«." " Hero he is," cried Ruby, springing np, her-beautiful, young face aglow with; pleasure. " Don't come near me, Ruby," cried a voice-as she opened the front door. " Let me take my coat off, or I 6hall drench yon." - "Oh^jpoor fellow I You are wet. Now, darling, can't you kiss me P" Herbert folded his beautiful wife in his arma, and had Ruby's step-mother seen the loojt. of love in his dark eyes, she could scarcely have thought that he was the man to neglect her. "Now come' in, Herbert. I have waited supper for you. How cold you ?re/' Herbert entered the sitting-room with ? bis arm ronnd his wife's waist^but his mother-in-law could see through that. "Well, Mrs. Grimshaw, I trust tho Íhost has not been at his pranks again," s «ai 8, when seated at supper. " Tön can make fun of it Herbert, but Í can assure you there is something: Very mysterious about the house. Yon said, yourself, before you took it, that it was haunted/' f (Jx course it is, I never knew an old honse that had remained unoccupied for About half a century that was not haunted. I got quite twenty pounds a year, knocked off the rent on that account ; ind that is a consideration to a struggling medical man/' "ít, is very unhealthy with the river rrwntng so close." " I think not. Ruby looks tbe pictnre of health and beauty. Yon are well, aren't yon, darling P" " 0|i, yes ! It's a dear old place, and I haven't heard the ghost once. If he will continue to behave as well as he has done, he ls quite welcome ? to his sleeping Accommodation/' i\ Bot Hrs. Grimshaw knew perfectly well that the house was haunted, and she «Iso knew that there was no necessity for Huby'e husband to remain out, sometimes, tttl midnight. It is true that his practice, though a small ono, -extended for Tory many miles, and that he kept a mother-in hut- instead of a horse ; but she know, and she did not fail to tell Ruby. j . The young doctor had been an occupant j isf tho : haunted house some two months, when" one morning two gentlemen were anneaneed, and they followed the serrant tafo the sitting-room, in which were Herbert aad Ruby. " I should like a word in private with yonv Dr. Trehearn," said one of them. .'..You can speak before Mrs. Trehearn." * I am a detective, sir." "Indeed, has anything happenedP" " X'bave a warrant to search this house." ' Dr- Trehearn started to his feet and lookedas"rhongh he intended to throw the worthy detective through the window. Sat after a moment's consideration, be «eidi " Very well. I will accompany you. last nie ase your warran t." Tbe warrant being produced, the throe descended "tho cellar stairs; then they «oramenced their search. The cellar was lighted by a window, above which was an Iron grating, to which the constable paid ~&rest; attention. The grating had evi- dently been lately removed, even now it i was hot ia its exact place. rt Has anyone entered hete ?" inquired ' the detective of Herbert. *. Not to my knowledge." .««Were you out late last night P" ^TJntil two o'clock this morning. It waa loggy, and I lost my way on the .omtnon for upwards of three hours." , Theeottftables looked at one another, theil continued their search. Presently one of them tittered au exclamation, and Herbert stopped to his side, while the other constable watched tho young doctor closely. At tho side of the window were some loose bricks, and upon removiug them the constable disclosed a tin box, iu which were several pieces ot jewellery. " We shall have to arrost you," said the constable, turning to Herbert. "Arrest me! Tou must be mad. What for, pray ?" "Burglary. Several robberies have been committed lately, aod Inst night we watched this house and saw yon return by boat, and bring this box into the cellar. " If that is the way you give evidence, I do not wonder at your takipg so many prisoners. I can soon clear myself of this absurb charge." " Meanwhile we rauat detain you." And in spite of Ruby's indignation they led her husband away a prisoner. " I always told you how it would bc," observed Mrs. Grimshaw, by way of com forting the wife. But Ruby turned upon her so fiercely that she desisted from offering her com- fort agaiu. "If you ever spoak like that again you shall leave this house immediately. - You wicked woman ! How dare you insinuate my darling is guilty ?" Two days passed by, and they appeared like two months to poor Ruby. It seem- ed so terrible to her to - wait in vain for Herbert's return ; to miss his loving voice when he came home of a night. For hours of a night she would pace up and down her room, or throw herself upon her knees by her bedside and piay for the return of her loved one. It was a stormy night as Ruby paced her room to and fro with a sad aching in her breast. At last she flung herself upon the bed, and sobbed in ber grief. For some minutes she lay thus, then she started np, listening. Títere was a strange grating noise along the .wall of the house ; then all was still once more. Ruby sat up in her bed with a wild light in her beautiful eyos. - The min- utes passed, then once more the sound reached her, and it carno from the base- ment of the house ; perhaps from the very cellar where tho jewellery had been con- cealed. Gould it be the burglar retoaning for his spoil P This thought decided Ruby. She had hot undressed yet, and taking the caudle in her trembling hand she stole from the room and noiselessly descended the stairs. She cautiously opened the door at the top of the stone steps that led to the cellar ; then a gust of wind swept past and she was in darkness, while only the howl ef th« wind disturbed the sileuce. But now, beneath the cellar door, Ruby saw a streak of light. For a moment she hesitated. Should she return and call the gardener, who, since his master's arrest slept in the house? But the thought that the burglar might escapo' while she was gone, and her husband still remain under the terrible charge, decided her. Feeling her way along the. brick wall she descended the stone steps, then placed her trembling hand.upon the latch; of the door. Once more she paused and beard a; movement within. She was but a frail \ woman, and the ruflhu within would' probably bo armed; but Ruby thought of Herbert, of what his sufferings must be, and with trembling hand she opened the door. '. As she did so a little cry of terror, escaped her white lips. Standing in front of her, glaring through a hideous black mask, was a burly ruffian. In one hand he held a lantern, in the other a revolver, which he levelled at Ruby's breast. "If you utter a sound, you die," he' cried, in a deep, gruff voice. " Help ! help ! shrieked Ruby. The robber sprang to the window, and began to climb through. " Help !" cried Ruby again. In another moment he would have escaped. Ruby sprang towards him, and; clasped her arms frantically around him, while again and again she screamed for help. "Die, curse you," cried the ruffian, deal- ing her a terrible blow on her beautiful; brow with his pistol butt, a blow that' struck her senseless to the earth. " Fm a coming, yer spalpeens," cried a a voice. " Sure and where are yo togither, If there's mor'n a dozen of ye say so. Hurrah! for enid Oirlánd;" With a bound the gardener was on his foe, and they rolled upon the ground, while, there was a loud report. " Bedad, thin, keep still, ye divil," cried Pat, seizing his opponent by the throat with both his hands and dashing his head, upon the brick floor. "Faith I'll knock the brains out of yer, if you've got any," There is very little doubt that Fat would have executed his threat upon the. burglar, for he hammered away most energetically; but Ruby was recovering; from the blow now. " Don't kill him, Pat. . Dear Pat/don't kill him« for my sake " , " Why «»ot, ma'am P These things ain't no good at all, The brute, he's hit your pretty forehead. Thia I'll hit his." And Fat dashed his brawny fist in his opponent's face witli all his force. Then he rose to his feet and quietly secured tho revolver. " Is ho dead, Pat?" cried Ruby. " I'm afeared he ain't, but I'll soon corpse him, if ye like." "Ko, no, Pat. Promise me you will not touch him." " Sure thin, mavourneen, I'll promise Îe no such thing. Won't I tell the master ow bravely ye fought for him ?" "And won't I toll master how bravely you fought for me, Fat ?" " Now run upstairs and bring mo down the clothes-line, though I don't think aa this object will struggle much jiat yot. He's knocked his head awful." The burglar was soon safely secured, and then while Pat kept watch tho servant was despatched f ir thc police, who dis- covered that thor had mistaken Ruby's prisoner for her husband. - Rnby still bears the scar of that' blow, and ever will ; but Herbert thinks it no detriment to her beauty. Pat in something more than a gardoner to his master now. Mrs. Grimshaw is living with her sister. [THE END/] 