THE CHURCHES. MISSION SERVICES. The Rev. John Wateford commenced a ten days' mission in the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, yesterday, and notwith standing that the weather was excessively warm the services were well attended, and each discourse heard with intereEt. In the evening the rev. gentleman spoke from the text St. John xvi., 7-11, the subject being " the power of the Holy Ghost." He divided the passage quoted into two parts -one referring to the believers, and the other to the unsaved. The great promise made by the Son of God previous to His crucifixion was that after he left His disciples the Holy Spirit would come and dwell with them .nd every believer. The great work of Jesus Christ was to remove every difliculcy in the way of God re turning to man. Jesus referred, when speaking to His disciples, to another comforter. The cross stood before him, and the end was very near then, and his disciples w,:re sorrowing, but he said his departure was expedient; it was necessary, for if he did not go away, the comforter (the Holy Ghost) could not come. The day of Pentecost was then referred to, and the purification of the disciples by the Holy Ghost. They were all of one heart and one soul, and had power given to them to preach for Jesus, to tell of his life, death, resurrection, and ;I~ -~ ascension to Heaven. That power penetrated far and wide, until it was said "I These fishermen and taxpayers who have turned the world upside down are here." The preacher referred to the cleansing and the power of the Holy Ghost, and the privileges which all Christians should have. He did not lils to look at the black side of things; he was not a pessimist. Christianity was stronger now than over, but still the church wanted to get back to Pentecost. It was their privilege to receive the Holy Spirit by simple faith, and to obtain this baptism of power at once. The second point of the preacher's sermon dealt with unbelievers, whom he strongly urged to receive Christ. lie spoke of sin, its evil, and the utter abhorrence felt by the Father of unbelief, which was tue great sin; it was the most heinous-the culminating transgression. He exhorted all to resist it and strive not to resist the Holy Spirit any longer, but to accept Christ then and there. At the conclusion of .the sermon a prayer meeting was held, in which many of the congregation took part. Meetings will be held at the Patterson street Wesleyan Church during this week -in the afternoons at three o'clock, and in the evenings at seven o'clock. 