A DEATH CERTIFICATE. LROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (CONTINUED.) I arrived in London at an early hour the next morning, and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matrou of the excellent establishment for trained nurses which is to be found there. I described the caBe, and choso a bright- looking young woman who I was sure had tact as well as experience. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at once, I wired what I had done to Will. My own duties woro sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the rest of that day. I returned homo, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had juBt desired my servant to bring up supper, of whioh I stood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram on a salver. “ When did thiscomo?” I asked,looking at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting away to poor Will Raymond and his unhappy little wife. “The telegram came half an honr ago, sir,” replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I was not ijcapared for the nows whioh it contained, afternoon.—Grey.” The pink slip of paper Buttered out of my hand, and I sat in an almost dazed condition for several minntes. 1 had not time, however, for any long meditation. Thore came a sharp peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me. This was from Will, It contained the sort of news whioh I might have expected :— " For Cod’s sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night.” Alas, it was impossible for me to comply. I had a case to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that then nothing should hinder my join ing him. I have.nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my patient through a severe illness, and, weary but thankful, I stepped into the midnight train whioh was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived thoro in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for me on tho platform. He oame forward to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand and looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, nnd his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi dently stirred to its dopths. “I am more than glad you have come,” ho said. “Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; I now think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, hia brain will go." “ Nonsense, nonsense,” I retorted. “Ray mond has as steady a brain aB any lellow I But then I stopped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history occurred to me, and I was silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but I knew nothing of the psychological history of his house. I made up my mind to treat the doctor’s fears lightly, and proceed in a Bteady and oheerful voice:— “ion must make full allowance for tho terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." “ Yea, yeB," said Grey; “of course, any one would make allowance for grief and even violent distress, but tho man’s conduct is more than eocentric. Do you know what he has “No,” I said. “What?" “He is going to take that poor dead young woman homo to Berkshire. I am niven to understand that there was no and of aomouatranons getting ready at his plaoe for tho return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he says Bbe shall eross the threshold of his house dead or living. Hu has given orders that a coffin is to be made for her out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in tho mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces sion is to start front hereac5 o'clock to-morrow morning.” “ So soon!” I inquired. “ Yes, there has been an awful hurry about everything. Allarrangementsarenow, however, complete. Raymond has engaged a speoial train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire route; of courso, at enormous expense. He has asked mo to aooompany him, but now that you huvo arrivod, that will soaroely be neoessary.” “ Probably not," I nnswerod. We had by this time entered the house, and ‘ Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a drawingroom whore I had sat with Raymond a oouple of days ago. Ho was not present; I looked around for him anxiously. " He is in tho room with his poor wife,” said Grey, uotioing my perturbed glanco ; “ he spends almost all his time there. The worst place in tho world for him, I should say, in his present Btate of nervous exoite “Well, I must go and find him,” I said ; “ but before I do bo I shall be glad if yon will give mo any particulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond’s last moments. When I left Llanmordaff two nights ago, I had not the slightest fears for the poor girl's life. I was anxious, of oourse. with regard to her state, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her mental condition. "When did a ohange for the worst take jfiace, and why waB I not tele graphed for immediately ?” “There was no time. We none of ub thought her dying until she was dead. 1 visited her twice the night you left, and found her quiet and inolined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had sent in to nurse her pro tom., and aBked her to sit by her and hold her hand. The following morning she was very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o’olook, took her temperature, which waB normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how ever, a very grey hue over her face, and won dered whether oomplexion waa in health.’’ “She heda bright complexion,” I answered hastily. “Well, she looked grey, but there were no other BymptomB to indicate any danger, and I thought her desire for sleep a good sign and bogged of the nurse to encourage it as muoh as possible. I Bpoke to Raymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at “ I was hindered coming until nearly one o’clock. I then saw her again ; she was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to sec a patient at a little distanoo, when the woman I had eugaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs Raymond was dead. 41 ’ She died in her sleep,' said the woman, 1 without never a sigh or a groan. She just stopped breathing, that was all.’ “I wont over at once to the hotel to see i her, but Raymond had looked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I evon tried to force an ontrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering and moaning to him self, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in liiB oyes. The moment ho saw me he lold mo I was a 1 confounded fool,’ and used some moro strong expressions which I do not caro to ^re peat. I asked to seethe dead woman. W ith a great oath he swore that not a soul should look at her now again exoopt himsolf. “ Then you did not see her after death ?” I interrupted. “ No ; there w&b; no use in worrying the poor fellow.” “And now b1,o is in her coffin 2" I con tinued. “ Yes. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey.” I Baid nothing further, and in a few moments was in Will’s presence. I must draw a veil over the scene which followed. Will’B excitement was all too real. He could not keep still for a moment. His eyoB were bright and glassy,his hair unkempt; he had not shaved for a day or two. Tho moment ho saw me ho poured out a volley of eager words. Thou he burst into the most heartrending groans I had over listened to. The next moment his manner altered ; he laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of tho arrangement ho had made for the funeral. “I have ordered them to light bonfires, he exclaimed. *' Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of tho reooptioa we should receive on our home-coming. Sho shall have her coming homo all the samo, Halifax. I myself w'll help to bear her ucross the threshold of her house and mino. Sho shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before Bhe goes to join the other wives oi our house in the family vault. That will please hor—yes, that will please her, poor darling.” “Butshe won’tknow anything about it,” I replied. Will fixed me with his bright oyes. “ How can you tell 2” ho retorted. “ Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine ? No, no; you won't got mo to boliovo that. We are twin spirits, and it is im , possible to part us. Tnere was a cloud over tho Bweet soul during the last , fow days of hor life ; but Death has lifted it, she is mine again now.” 5 Ho paused abruptly here, locked his hands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if ho wero looking at something. After a pause ' he said with another laugh : B “I have an impression, Halifax, that in tho future a spirit will haunt Raymond J&yqm;^J^Jiigs^jyill induce _ Maggie to » hor. Do you believe in ghosts 2" \ I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to Boothe tho poor follow. ’ If ho were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he beoaine a little more reasonable I 3 tried to show him how more than absnrd his . different arrangements wore. . “ You think you are showing respect for your poor wife’s memory for all thiB sort of thing,” I Baid. “But you are greatly mis ! taken—people will pity her and think that grief for her los3 has turned your bruin." . “It has not done that, ’ ’ he said, with- a sort of jerk of his shoulders. “ I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you think, Halifax, that I eare that"—snapping his fingers with a loud click as ho spoke— “ for what anyone thinks of me, you arc finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her spirit lives. All the future of my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until— nntil I meet her and olasp her again. ” There was an exalted sort of look about hiB faoe. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghastly IraveBty of woe take its oourse. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was bitliug in the drawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual" details wero rapidly entered, but when he oame to the clause whioh obliged him to certify the fact of death having* taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the oertioate for medioal men who had not soon the dead body. “I regret beyond words," I said, “that you did not see Mrs Raymond after death. You are unable to stato as an eye-witness that you saw hor. For my part I should be glad to see tho present law altered. I would mako it compulsory that no dootor should sign a death certificate without having first soon tho dead body.” “ That would be well in most cbbos," answered Groy, “ but there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in this case. You may remembor that I did oxpresBa wish to see the body, bat was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.’ “ "Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. "Boor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or Bhock—tlio Baid eynoope or Bhock was cauBod by tho railway accident whioh occurred a few days ago. Were this known a ooroner’a inquest would have been neces sary. Wo must be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give hor husband intense pain, whioh is for every reason to bo avoided.” “ Cortainly,” said Groy. i “ By the.way," I asked, " did the nurse, who must havo arrived from London yester day morning, see the body ?" “ No; Raymond would not allow hor near the room. Of course, Mrs M’Allister, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and tho under taker’s men had to measure her for the ooUin, or rather shell; but no one olso has seen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am told that he put her iuto tho cotiin bimielf and screwed tho lid down with his own hands.” I tamed away. 1 had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mrs Raymoud was lying in her ooliin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie Raymond ! I re called her faoe as it waB when 1 first saw it. A more innooent and a happier face it would have been diffloult to find, but even then I was attraoted by something peculiar in her eyes—they wore beautiful; but it waa not their beauty whioh arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for the last time—she sat np in bed and played with her soft hair. Then the mystery whioh d welt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity whioh gave her that peouliar ex pression. This insanity had been rudely awakened into active life by the shook of the railway accident. Well, now all was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. Thoro was no use ■worrying about Maggie—she had gone to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret, wan for poor Raymond. Through tho long hours of the night I heard him walking up aad down the room which contained hie wife’s coffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and once, good Qod ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through mo. Was his case similar to his wifels? Wub he, too, fast be coming insane ? I turned over in my. mind several plans for helping him, and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour wo were all stirring, and at five o’clook on this winter’s morning, in tho midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carry ing all that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond hack to her husband’s home. Ido not think in my whole life I ever ex perienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon carriage to oursolves, in ono comer of which tho coffin was placed. I waB glad to find that the exoitoment whioh had rendered Raymond's conduot so strange the night before was now greatly aubdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak ing a word, hut now and then laying his big hand with a caressing movement on the lid of tho coffin, and now and then looking out of tho window and smiling. I aid not like the smils, nor the Bort of satisfiod oxpreBsion on his face. Had he been plunged in the deepest woe, I could havo un derstood him. Ho looked almost happy, however. I Baw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine as was tho dead woman who lay in her coffin.. 1 I wondered how all thiB was going to end, and my feara with regard to Raymond’s mental condition were considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and in the darkness of evening wo arrived at a little wayeido station three miles distsnt from Raymond Towers. Hero the Btatiomnastor and several gentle men from tho neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in mourning, and I saw that this faot roused poor Raymond’s indignation at once. “I don’t want this to be a mournful pro cession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who oatno and with deep feeling shook tho peor follow by the hand. “lam not conventional, and 1 don’t wish anything con ventional to bo done. Where is my stoward? Where is Bcrrlng ?” “ Hero, sir," answered the man, taking off his hat. “ Berring, have you attended to ail my orders — bonfires, and all that Bort of | Bin-ring mtitterod something which no one could quite distinguish. There was a bustle on tho platform owing to tho removal of tho coffin, which was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet cloth. At thiB moment a touching thinguapponed—aixyoung girls cumo forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on thoooffin. They wore daughters of neighbor ing HquireB. This token of reBpect touched Raymond, who went up and shook hands with ono of them, and fortunately forgot to ask aoythiug moro about the bonfires. I saw the gentlemen who had come to moot him and to offer their hearty sympathy and condolences looking atone another in a very significant manner, and I also saw that the moment had come for mo to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the Hands off,” ho said, pushing me from him with some violence. Bub X would not notice this. “ Come,’’ I said, “ your carriage is wait ing. Don’t make yourself remarkable, I bog of you, Raymond. I am going with you in the carriage. Soo, they are already moving forward with-” “ My wife—my bride said Raymond. “ How often we talked of this homo-coming ! Halifax, my dear follow, I feel dazed. What has come to me?” “You aro tired and worn out,"I answored, soothingly. “Come.** 1 took his arm, and ho entered the brougham, whioh was waiting for him, without another word. I Bhall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the mourning carriages, tho solemn look of the hoarse on in fri was, f could sc lines of speotati no bonfires, and mond never noticed the faot. We entered the winding and splendid avenue whioh led to the Towers, and after a time drew up at the principal entrance, in the centre of the pile of buildingB. “This door is never opened exoept for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening,” said Raymond, in a light tone. “ Heigh-ho!” he continued, “ what a homo-ooming for tho bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and wont up to the hoarse. The hearers came forward to lift the coffin out. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to carry his dead wife aoross the threshold ot her Tho coffin was plaoed on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with (lowers. Raymond, having helped to put tho coffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than ho had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with bis big hands, and rushed from tho I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and X felt a slight sense of satis faction as I closed the wide doors on the laBt of them. An old, white-headed butler was standing iu tho hall. | His faoe was perfeotly soared. “ Good God !" he exolaimed. “ May I ask, sir, if you’ro a doctor i” “ Yob,” I replied. “ Can you tell me what’s the matter with my poor mastor “ He is out of his mind for the time being.” I answered, promptly. “ Then God help us all,” replied the man. “ What is your name V” I inquired of him. “ Jasper, sir. I have served the family for olose on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr William wbb born. He was never quite like other ladB, moro Bhy like and morose a hit—but, oh, the change in him when he got engaged to Miss Travers 1 Oh, dear, oh, doar, why did she die, poor, young lady I" “ It was very sudden,” I replied. “ I will toll you about it later on. I don’t mind say ing now that your master’s condition fills me with anxiety, but tho best thing all the rest of us can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of the Bteward!’’ “ Herring, MrBerring.” “I will see him by-and-by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral cere mony to-morrow V’ “ 1 believe so, doctor—the oak coffin was sent in to-day.” “Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for tho night." “ He will sleep here to-night, sir.” “ That is goad,” I replied. “Iam going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be iu readiness to come to me, should I ring.” “Yes, doctor.’’ The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, whioh was now almost covered with flowers. X looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as X thought of all the tragedy whioh it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was Bitting iu his study, warming his hands by a blazing Are. He had quite recovered from his temporary break down, and once ngain X saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. “ Come in,’’ he snid to me when he saw me at the door; “ not that wo want you—we are very happy hero together; I knew that we should ho.” I had no need to ask whet ho meant. X knew too well that this was a further develop ment of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow that hi3 wife was really bearing him oompany. After a moment's hesitation, X determined to speak in a oheerful tone. “ Oome, oomo,” X said, “even thongh you are happy you must not turn out an old friond.” I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. >nt. Xt was a moon-nt ana • - whole ghastly pro cession o, vioweTl tho entire wav by ,ra. Fortunately mere were more fortunately still, Ray “She goes sway when yon comein/h_8 said. “ I wish you would leave ns. ' — “ I wUl presently,” I answered, I^ant some supper, and eo do yeu. Ah, and here it comes. Lay it. on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do moely. The man withdrew noiselessly. I went -o the table and insisted on Raymond a eating. I was reUeved to find that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became leas exalted and mcLS natural in expression. , ., r “ She’s dead,” he Eaid, suddenly. i can’t quite realise it. , , “ Have a glass of sherry, X interrupted. He took it from my hand and tossed it ott. “ She’s dead,” he continued, “ although her Bpirit has oome to me as I knew it wo old. Hers was the first dead body lever saw. bhe looked beautiful in her last sleep. “I am sure she did,” I answered. 'X should like to have seen her.” «. I always thought that dead people were oold,” ho continued; “but sho was warm after death she was very warm. The next day she was cold, but not icy—not as hooka des sribe the dead.” , T “ She died suddenly end was young, i. mnwered. “ Sometimes chemical ohanges ac count for warmth aftor death. How, Ray» mond, I am going to see you to your room. Sou must go to bed at once.” “Ho ; I shall stay hero.” “ JubI os you please,” I answered. “ ahere is a sofa here, a comfortable one. You must lie down and go to sleep.’’ “ My dear fellow,” he. answered, “I have not slept since Alaggie died.” “ You will to-night, for I am going to give yon a sleeping draught.” . « I don’t think I’ll taka it. Should she visit me again, she would think my conduct hoartleBS.” "Ho, she won't—she sleeps well, and so must von. Come, lie down. Yon need not even undress ; all I w.int you to do is to rest.” He was a bigger man than I, but I forced him to obey me. He lay down obediently on tho sofa. I put a rug over him, and then going to my bag whioh lay on the floor, I took out a small medicine chest, mixed a certain draught, and gave it to hmn. In five minutes he was soundly asleep, and X could leave the room. Berring was waiting to speak to me. Old Jasper hovered about in the passages. Barring assured me that all was ready, for the morrow’s ceremony. I said I wished it to be as quiet as possible, and to take place early in" the day. Herring said this should bo done, end proposed that Air Korbort, tbe vioar, who was to officiate, should come and see mo that evening. “I willsoo him to-morrow, X paid. -it is too late now.” . Then the men began tn question mo wi.-h. regard to Raymond. “ Was he really in sane ? Had Mrs Raymond gone out of her mind before she died ? ” “I am sorry that I am unable to answer you," I replied. “ Hra Raymond died from the effects of shook, caused by a railway accident, and her husband’s mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great oare is exercised, however, and he is spared all undue exoitement, I trust soon to seo an improvement in him. I am now going to sit in his room, and will wish yon good- night.” The men retired, and I went softly baok to the shsded study, and sat down in a ohair by the fire. Raymond wan sound asleep. I know that by his tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought It extromoly unlikoly that he would wako before the morning. The bromidia I bad givon him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. There was poBBibility also that ho might awake calm, self-posseEsed, and in his right mind once more. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 