A LIVELY COST'S?/ ^"HERE is no telling when a paiiy ' V^. absdlixteiy dead in the United States. A few "years ago it was implicitly believed by sortie people that the Democracy was dead. Just now the same prediction is being i made 'fu regard to the Republican party. Whenever we read in a Republican paper that the Democracy is dead, or vice versa, we are very much reminded of that yarn about Shuckers. A man named William D. Shuckers died in Wilmington. It seems that there was another man in the cit.y bearing precisely the same name, and when the death was announced a good many of his. friends thought be was dead, and they resolved to go to tlie fungral. On the day of the funeral the livinjg .Shuckers also thought he would go, partly fbr the purpose of ascertaining how it felt to participate in the obsequies of a man named William D. Shuckers. He took op a position in the vestibule, and as the mourners were about to come out, a friend of his, named Jones, saw him. The first impulse of Jones was to rush through -the-kitcheh and climb suddenly over the back fence ; but he controlled himself, and after poking Shuckers in the ribs with his-umbrclla to determine positively that he was not a ghost, Jones remarked ;— " Why, Shuckers, what on eaith are yoijj doing here? Why ain't you in your coffin?" " Coffin !" exclaimed Shuckers, "whad* you mean? " What do I want with': a coffin?" " Mr. Shuckers, you know you are dead. Why, they eot up all this gorgeous funeral for you, all these carriages and pall bearers and things, and the clergyman's just been paying you splendid compliments that any dead man might be proud of." " But I tell you I'm not dead. I'm as much alive as you nre." "There is no use of arguing the {mint, Shuckers ; the occasion is too solemn'for' controversy. But if you have any consideration for the feelings of your bereaved family who are weeping like mad upstairs, and for the undertaker-Who is waiting inside there with the screw-driver, you will go and get into your coffin and behave. It's indecent to carry on so at your own funeral." "Jones, my boy," said Shuckers, "you have mistaken " "No, I'm not mistaken you're dead, technically dead, anyhow. It has been announced in all the papers, your relations have gone into mourning, the Board of Trade has passed resolutions of regret, the sepulchre has been dug, up there in the cemetery, and the undertaker has gone to considerable expense to inter you comfortably. Now, go and lie down, won't you ?" "Hang the undertaker," said Shuckers. " No, I'll not lie down. I'll see you in Kansas first." " Now, see here, Shuckers, I came here to attend your funeral, and I'm not going to be baffled by any unseemly conduct on the part of the corpse. Oh, you needn't look mad at me !—either you get back into that coffin so's the lid can be screwcd on and the procession can move oft", or I'll put you in there by force. If inanimate remains like, you can go scooting 'round in this incendiary manner, we'll soon have the cemeteries unloading and the unnumbered dead crowding out and wanting to vote." Then Jones called the undertaker, who knocked Shuckers down with a cane and held him until he explained, and until the scared undertaker recovered his equanimity which left him at the bare suggestion that the corpse was loose. Then the funeral moved on to the cemetery and Jones went home, while Sliuckcrs proceeded to an alderman's office to swear out a warrant against the undertaker for assault and battery. He intends to change his name to Duykinck. THE MAN FROM PONY GULCH. Hb was a lantern-jawed, raw-boned specimen of a man, and lie rushed into the Cowboys' Retreat with a whoop. ' Kerbun-erwow ! Want to know who I am? I'm the cyclone from Pony Gulch—the lightnin' and the howlin' thunder—the great untamed catamount—that's what I am !" " Course you are," said Tootles, soothingly. " You're the simoon of the desert and the terror of the hull country—that's what you are !" " Whoop—I'm a bad man !" he howled, spinning round like a top. Then he jumped into the air, and came down flat on his feet so the building shivered. "I shake the earth—that's what I do! You know me, Toot ?" " Well, I should say so, ole blue fire." " You all know mo, don't you, boys?" "You bet." *• Come up — come up, every mother's son o' ye, an'drink wine with the bad man from the Gulch." Every one started for the bar with the exception of a quiet st ranger, who sat- in the corner with a queer little box on his lap. " Come up here you —yelled the Terror. " I choose to sit where I am," said the stranger, calmly. "If yon want to drink, drink and don't bother me," Every one wasstricken mute with astonishment. Refuse to drink with the Terror ! The man was certainly tempting fate. The Terror rubbed his hand over his forehead in a vacant- kind of way, a« though he couldn't understand it. Then lie let off a war-whoop, and made three jumps for the stranger. •^'Hain't, goin' to drink with me, hey ? Won't drink with ole Lightnin' when yer asked ?" He craned his neck forward until his nose was within two inches of the stranger's, who thereupon brought his hand around and knocked the face out of his way. " Your breath is awful," was all he said ; and old Tootles fairly palpitated with excitement. What would the Terror do now ? Rushing into the middle of the room the bad man began to undress. " He's defied the cyclone, an' the .catamount's goin' ter spring ! The lightnin's goin'ter strike. Watch me."' Then he waltzed up to the siranger, and danced first, on one foot, then on the other, with a great flourish of fists, but the stranger sat stock still, and never moved so much as a muscle. As f. prelude to dragging him to the bar, the bad man caught hold of tlie box on the st ranger's knee, and immediately went down with a howl. Then he got up, shook himself, tried it again, and went down again. This was enough, and the cyclone subsided into a mild zephyr, and wafted itself out of the door without a word. Then the quiet man got up smilingly, and took some catds fiom his pocket. "I'm a dentist, genllemen, and I pull teeth without pain by the use of electricity. My lightning is good, for you have just seen it stride. There is iny card. Twenty-five cents pei tooth. 1 will be with yon for a few days in the rear of Mr. Barlow's store. Give me a call." And it is no fiction to observe that all Skytown tried that dentist's lightning— simply because they had either seen or heard how it had floored the bad man from the Gulch. •ABSENCE. " II nbsencc makes the heart grow fonder," 1 said to her last fall. " Perhaps, dear one, I'd better nandtr, And not- come back at all." And she? All, me ! S'ie whispered low, " You'd better go, For absence makes the iieart grow fonder." Don't be a lazy man, for he can only shovel snow in summer or cut grass in wintei. Therefore he is always out of a job. The spendthrift wl»9 spr$ftvl§ is fpt to contract debts. 