Musical Notes. V Particulars havei oomo from' Frazil about the suicidoyof. tho colobratod orohostra -loader/ MnrinoMiincinolli. v. : M.'Paderowski lias finished the outline of his - now opora, on a PoliBh nationur subject, . and ' intends to produoo it next Marchat Buda- PcstU, under the' direotion of Herr Nihisch, ' formorly 'of Boston. Sir Joseph Barnby, the principal of ' the ' Guildho ill Sohool of Musio, has selootod Gounod's . opera . " Romeo ot Juliette " as tho next work to be publioly performed in ono of tho London theatres by tho students oE tho operatic olass of ; that institution. ; A three-nob opera, "Raffiielo," by Signor Napoloono Muffezzoli, was lutely produced at the Santa Isabol Theatre, Pernambuco, Brazil, with conBpiououB suecoss. .Signor Maffozzoli, who vis(te<l Australia with the Outtiea Opora Company, is now settled at Pornambuco. Tho finanoial results of tho Birmingham Musical Fostival aro said to 'bo. satisfautoiy, 'though not quito equal to thoso of 1891. Tho total recoipts were £12,039, whereas tho festival of 1891 brought in just ovor £14,000. Tho attondanoo amounted to 12,105, against '13,077 on the previous ocoasion. First-olnss band players aro only paid £1 a week in Germany. At tho Vienna Opera Hoose, wlioro there is almost daily rohoarsals, tho players earn £5 8s. per month, with an ad ditional foo of 2s. Gd. for eaoh concert and re- Iiearsul of tho Philharmonic Society in which thoy take part. N In Muscagni's new opera, "William Rat- oliffo," after all tlio characters are killed off, the notion is carried on by thoir ghosts. ' Moscagni is now ongaged upon a suhjoot taken from.Misosi's popular Italian romanco, "Priest and Noblo," which lio intends to rename " Sorafina d' Albania." Tlio oolobratcd organist, Mr. W. T. Best, ' who rolinquishod liis post at St. .Georgo's Hall, Liverpool, somo years ago, to ovoryopo's sur prise, recontly resumed duty hi much hotter health. Tho berth has for long boon placod in commission, and is notlikoly to be pormauontly .filled so long as thoro is any cliunco of tho veteran organist returning to his post. Madame Clara Sohumann, whoso splondid pianoforte playing will ho evor romomborcd by . many who wore fortunate enough to listen to ' it In their younger days, and who colabrntcd her 76th birthday oil September 13, recently mot with iv nasty accident at Intorlaken, where she was staying for tlio: summer holidays. She was knooked down and thrown into a ditch by a galloping horso, and suffered so/oroly from a budly bruised left arm and a general sliuk- ing. Tiie accomplished' English pianist, Miss Fanny Duvies, who has recontly spont a holiday in Italy and Switzerland, arranged to pluy at three eoncorts in:Viomia hoforo tho oloso of the present year. _ Tlio artist has not hitliorto been hoard in publio in tlio Austrian capital, though slio lias, of course, played with much success in othor continental towns. Prior to lior return to London, Miss Davios also arranged to appcuf at a concert id Berlin. Mr. August Manns has concluded hia fortiotli year as conductor of tho Crystal Palace orchestra. Ho is tlio son of a Pomeranian glassblowor, and became bandmaster of a local regiment before being appointed second olurionet-pbiyer and subconductor of tlio wind bund at tho Crystal Pulaoo, undor tho lute Henry SobaUobn (1854). In 1866 tho latter was dismissed, and Mr. Manns was appointed , in his placo. Botwoon thoso two strougo creatures, Wagner and Liszt, there existed tho strangest, the sincerest, and tho most aotivo sympathy in the 1 world. Tlio fact is proved, not only by tho j somewhat curious domestic rotations which united the two, but by tlio gonoral consent of tho world that thoir union was practical mul indubitable, a fa'ot that could not bo contra dieted without the destruction of a pleasant mid uuquostionod pioco of protty gOBsip. When Madame Mary Ellon Christian had hor farowoll bonofit in Melbourne, it was (says the Sydnoy Railu Telegraph) given out that it wns lior intention to settle down as a tcuchor in Sydnoy. Tho contralto come on to Sydney, not, howover, to sportji professional brass Slato; but to 'dffiftfio robe of u SISterof Chority. ho entered St. Vincent's convont, Viotoria street, us a postulunt on Sunday, November 4J and in tho ordinary courso of thingB sho will bo rocoivod with tlio white veil ceremony in tho cpnvonb ohapol in ubout threo months' limo. Madurao Christian took a turn towurds tho Roman Catholio Church whon Churlos Santley wus in Australia, and she wus "rocoivod" ut tho PassiouistB' Church, . Marriokvillo, in 1890, by tho very Rov.Alplumsus O'Neill, then superior of the Pnssionists in Australia, and now in Irolond. Tho now " retired " singer was horn in 1 Quebec, _ and ut tho ago of 9 removed, with her family, to Woolwich (England). When in hor toons, tho fuot of hor .possessing an exceptionally fino voico hocamo apparent, and subsequently it was dooidod that she should re ceive u musical education. Sho succeeded in gaming tlio Wostinorolund Boliolarship, and in ISUUslio entered tho Royal Academy of Music. Hero sho diligontly pursued hor studios for two yours, and thou won tho Fottor scholarship. A fow months later, the young vocalist oronted a furoro by lior singing at a concert in the Hnnovor square rooms, and was vory favour ably oritiaisod by tho Tunes aud other metro- fiolitnu nowspapors. In August, 1871, sho anded in Molbourno, and made her debut in tho sonthorn city that yoar. In tho following yoar sho sang at tlio Molbourno Exhibition contorts, and also ut tlio concerts givon in Sydney by Arabella Goddard, tlio pianist. Prom 1872 until hor health hroko down, somo two years ago, Mmo. Christian was prominent both as a concert and oratorio siugor. 