CHAPTER XXX.—The Sfectbes of the Future. 1 Don’t yoa think, Gertie darling, that a drive would do yon good 1 For two day3 you have not been ont of this hotel—we might as well have stayed home it you do not benefit by the ohange.” *' I am tired, Clem, I feel as if I only want to lie iiere and be at peace.” “ Are yoa sorry you came abroad, dear ?" ‘‘No, lam very glad, for I think you already look the better for the change.” And so ho did. There was a good deal of elasticity iu Clement Dunraven'e nature, and hearing and seeing nothing to annoy him, ho had to an extent thrown off bis weight of worries. Of oourse, he had his dark hours, and very terrible they were; but sinoo the boy’s death he had managed to oonceal them from Lady Gertrude, and as he did not look so haggard as he had doue in England, she reasonably conjectured that the change was doing him good. And ibis was the one gleam of sunshine the poor little woman had, for her own heart was very sad, and eo broaen was slio that those about her almost fearod she had received her death-blow when ihe baby died. Sir Clement, however, would not believe this. He declined to see any danger in bis Gertie'3 condition. Other women hud lost ohildren before and had got over it, why should she not do the same? There was no organic disease; of that Dr Watson had assnred him. Lady Marcia and Elvira Delane would arrive in a couple of days, and then Gertie would cheer up. How could he, miserable and remorseful ivretoh that he was, expect to bo able to cheer her np, and as yet they had not met anyone in Wiesbaden whom they knew. Thus he consoled himself as he wan dered about the lovely garden in whioh the kurhaus and the principal villas are situated, and longed for the time when, her friends having arrived, Lady Gertrude would be in duced to acoompany them in their wander ings. If he could only get her into the Kur-garten every day to hear tho band, he knew she would soon get all right. How fallaoions is hope, yet but for hope how deep would bo despair. Wiesbaden was not perhaps altogether the very best piaoe to whioh Lady Gertrude could have come, a moie bracing olimate might have served her better. It was Lady Marcia who had chosen it. She bad, or im agined she had, various ailments for which a residence at Wiesbaden would be beneficial, since it abounds in speaisb'sts of considerable renown, and, tho chief object being to get Lady Gertrude away from the reminiscences that surrounded her at Aboyne Court, the climate of her temporary abodejbadjaot l»en ten.1'1 ‘nj. . “Do you not think if I ordered a carriage fou would drive to the Groek Chapel, or the latte, or some of the places of interest in the neighborhood,” persisted Sir Clement. “I am very well here at this window; I can seo the trees.” They were at an hotel on the Wilhelm Strasse, looking on to the Fork. “Then I must go all alone,” said. Sir Clement, with a sigh. This appeal at once ronsed Lady Gertrude. * I will go with you, Clem, dear—forgive me for being so selfish. Order a carriage for five o’clock ; it will be oooloc theD.” He kissed her and went out to give the order, wondering, as he went, what thore was in him, a criminal, that two women should ho always ready to sacrifice their wishes and pleasures to him. Having arranged about the carriage to hia satisfaction, ho thought he would go to the post-office and see if there were any letters. Owing to some uncertainty about their rooms in the hotel, all loiters were to be sent “ posts rest ante,” a plan whioh especially suited Sir Clement, as lie could thus receive letters from Lisbeth without their being observed either by his wife or the servants. There was one awaiting him now, with a small F marked in the comer, which meant that he was to open it when no one was by. The sign somewhat astonished Sir Clement, for though he himself had told her to put it, she bod declined, saying “that the letters she intended to write him iu the future would be of such a nature that anyone .might read Something unexpeoted, then, had occurred, Sir Olement'feared, as he stood in the street tearing open the letter with trembling fingers, “perhaps the other child also was By one of those preverso whims, for whioh he himself could have given no reason, ever since the boy’s death, Clement Dunravcn had found himself constantly thinking about Lisa. Lisa, of whose existence he had not taken any account until within the last few If any sickness or trouble had overtaken her, he felt he would be sorry on his own account, as well as for Lishath’s, whoso idol he knew she was. ButLisa was well and hearty, the missive began by telling him so, and he felt relieved. Very soon, however, was he to have his rising spirits daBhed to the ground as he went on with the letter and read the whole aooount of LiBheth’s interview with the Rev Abel Singleton. Hydra-headed, he feared; was the mlsntlnaB pursuer who must inevitably, sooner or later, find out his sin. Lisbeth had been moat judicious, and had laid the ghost for awhile, true, loyal woman that she was; hut there was no saying when it would begin to stalk again, or at what point of his travels he might meet it. He took along walk before he returned to Lady Gertrude, although thore were several letters at the post-offioe which he knew she would be glad to have; hut he felt he did not dare meet her questioning glances until, after this fresh blow, he could manage to assume something of his wonted calm. One omission ho blamed Lisbeth for. in his mind. Why had she not asked where on the. Con tinent this persistent parson was going to take his eick wife ? It* would have been so easy to avoid that particular spot, and with the small means the Singletons had, they were not likely to travel about muon. Now he would-be kept in constant dread, examin ing hotel visitors* hooks, looking into the face of every stranger, afraid to speak to anyone who addressed him, lest the man who spoke should be Singleton, whose personal appear ance he had totally forgotten. Ob, it would be too dreadful, a new phase and a most terrifying one in the painful Ufe-dranm he had so rashly and thoughtlessly prepared for himself. , When he reached the hotel, before he went into the room where Lady Gertrude was, he began the .Inquiries which would now he his daily task, hy examining the book that lay on the table in the hall. No snoh name as Singleton. Hepaeael on his wife's sofa wilh tho letters ha had tight for her. .... . “yhile she read them ho stood looking at isell in the glass that hung over the Etel-ahelf. . ... Engrossed in her correspondence, she did ■heed what he waa doing until he said: 1 Do yon know, Gertie, I have a mind to .. tiy heard grow. It will ho wonderfully lNljtrouble than shaving, and rather beoom ', too, rsnspeot.” le laughed as she said: _ ion conceited hoy, yes, let it grow. I . ,_ld like to see you with a beard. No one wilTreoogmse you when yoa get hack to E'jiand." lie little guessed that this was what he W!$ timing at, and that, as for conceit, evory paj =le of it had died out of him months agii (to be continued.) 