THE OLDEST DRESSMAKERS BILL AN INTERESTING CHALDEAN TABLET. Egypt (writes Mr. St. Chad B&scawen; in the Queen) has been called 'the land of surprises.' Year after year the explorers in the Nile land bring to light eonie new and startling ex amples of art, revealing to us the astonishing character of the early civilisation of the Egyptiane. Egypt baa now a rival in the fsitaer civilisation of ancient Cbaldea. Although in art Chuldea is far behind tne land of the Nile, especially in the art of painting, the restoration of the earJy civilisation, and tbe perfezt picture which we can fcrm of the life and manners and customs of the people, is almost a.* complete as that which we oan re store of Egypt in the Pyramid age. The startling feature of the discoveries resulting from the decipherment of the cuneiform inscriptions baa been the numerous details of popular life which are accessible to us. The little clay tablets not only contain tbe records of kings and 'princes, but even of the poorest of tne people, slaves, and beggars. In eo great a literary land as Chaldea, every transaction, no matter how small, was recorded ia writing, and thus we have many details of transactions which would otherwise have been for ever lost. Among the doauments that have been dis covered is a tablet which may be well called ''the oldest dressmaker's bill in the world.' It was the custom of the Babylonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the use of the priests and priestesses. This was unusually done every year, aud we bave many of tbuselistsinthe British Museum. The oldest hitherto known has been that of a king about 1450 B c. There are several of a later period, but tbe document before us is far older than any yet 'found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discavered in the ruins of the temple in the city of Nipnr in Southern Chaldea. This temple was dedicated to the ghost god, and had a very large priest hood attached to it. From the style of the writing, which is extremely archaic, and from the curious system of numerals employed, the tablet cannot be of later date than 2S00 B.C. It contains a list) of 92 vestments, which were presented to the temple by the king. The name of the king is unfortunately not given. The end of the tablet reads:— -'In all 02 \- pure vestments, the .bill (list) of tbe temple for , the priests this year.' Many of the words are unknown to ue, as they are, no doubb, many of them technical terms employed by tbe modistes of the period. Soaie of the lines, ' however, are of particular interest — those that can be satisfactorily deciphered. Among the items are '* Twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten collars of the house of his lady, ten pure gold collars, two wide robes.' Oae iteovof special interest occurs near the end — 'Four scented robes.' This reminds as of tbe passages in Psalm xlv., speaking of the robes redolent of ' myrrh and aloes and cassia.' It was, no doubt, the custom in Babylonia to perfume the robes, as it is to this day in Persia and India. Another item is also illustrative) of Eastern life ; 'Two Winders,' probably ? scarfs used* for --binding round the waist. This document has likewise an additional value in showing us the great development which had taken place in the textile arts in Cbaldea even at this early period. The decorations on the statues of Gudea (B.O, 2S0O), the embroidered fringes, ehow that the skill of the weaver and the embroiderer were far advanced, and it is a curious feature to notice that nearly all the attempts at decorative work in early Chaldea are in patterns which are derived from textile designs. 