THE LABORS "OF, A VLECiSLAtOR.. ; Never was there, a. time yhqii, 'people,. were more tliorpuglity ppnvornt,,witlii'tlie\manners and.qtistoma of .Parliament,, ..and with ;tho features anil . characteristic qualities of tlio mon I'lio play tho .moat conspicuous parts in that microcosm. , Nor is this' surprising jylicn wo.ro-' member how, ' thniiks to /tlio New Journalism',' wo. are daily, obtaining minnt'o" and1' detailed descriptions of tlio appearance, idop'o'rtrhent/iind even apparel, of overv political notability of til o hour. Sir Itichiu'd Temple lias given. lis a book upon Parliament . wliioh 'bears' to a' considerable extent tlio stump of the deVoriptivo' jonrtlnlisV about it, though not 'to an objectionable1 tlogroo. Ho has sought tp, descriho'tiie life of those 'pri vate member's who r.ttoiul constantly,' aiularo the working bees in the parliamentary hive-, 'as distinguished froin 'thoso who -aroMinistors- or ex-Ministers, and those1 who " pair " fn-.quontly and are notpresent'oxoepfcat'divisloiisofvitali importance and' lib 1 lias-given i.us> a volunio of I exceptional interest. 1 lit Slf RiohardqTemplo: wo may- assuredly recognise tlio roab" -working, bee, since ho has attended, during tho sovon years over which ilia narrative oxtonds, 2072 out of 2118 divisions. . Sivltiohard Temple is, to' >ise ;tho old fashioned phrase; essentially a Parliament man." He is deoidedly not a professional poiitican in tho questionable sense of tlio term; hois, however, a man who ooks upon his momborsliip of tho Houso 0 Commons as an honorable and distin- gunkeil privilege wliioh ho will exort himself not to misuse. He is a distinguished member of that "Old Guard" who form tho .ooibone of the House of " Commons and tho mainstay of every Ministry that oomoi into '' from tho point of view of the party workltif, ?i man y'10 fits all the hours of every iiis ImL yinA kmioli immediately behind b St abl rttMd tho Mi»ietors, and wlii is thus uiiderrini. i m not aot,'«»y in tho Cabinet to Sir Si i IS WB?r worhing of his party— that inilv l'iJr1',10 haa w"ttan . tills oxcoed- Parhnmoir n Ridliard ;fl'rst entered VoSSii?" member for South he tellsi I6 m 1 1 ' an(I from tho outaet, mentarv S, fnnoy keep a Parlia- then to lihul fi i".r llnSea for eaoli day, and volume 'I'M ontr'os for- eaoli session in a tlio mitW'l i-r I,0 urnai is not for publication in tiiarrativn Jp6!11?0 nt from it lio has drawn reference til t'l ra -a8, tn uar0 to verify by with which f 1. f ,1la , rooords. Tho poriod too recent ilif V ? I8' llowovor, of rnuoh lOemoSlf .I1."' nnd. ia atiU 100 '"si, in tho Bible to eay w afff " "nd '' to rollJor !t llu»" mine tlio V,,. f-' .?/ Pormanont liistorioal forms an intS!itin0 W ' lmye. It novortheloss striking cnoeh M f ""i" reminisoenoes of a cannot f«ii »„ i Pai'l'ainontary history wliioh merely to tw, ,CXCI-U|li'igly attractive,: not thick Of the ibi s I1'0 thomselvcs woro in tlio the paio of parliamontary lifef th38 iMe Tbomlr0"3?.01' doM1IO'N'3 As A OLUB. men's uaoil to L .Til 5Vi\en, tlle 1101,50 o£ Com- a,iil;it probablv , kest lnb ill London, years 1840 «nj io22 distinctly op botwooh the eidetable olianon ?. i r'i 1 ' v,ew o£ the oon- Btalns of tiie mSl'i ''ns takon plaoe in the K'olisrd Toninlo in p . reoent ycafs, Sir "et «?' ¥» »"» thp:belief that lt'is .0 J mohts.Ttho House .'of' Commons: cannotbp -re garded as a olub of tiio first rank. For oxnmple, in.olubs. of acknowledged eminence, any tlio Ath'eiiteum or" the " Travellers'; there may-be inlinito diversity of opinion and sontimont nmong tlio members, but there is a bond of mental alliuity, of sympathy, of association. Suclfn bond'aUbSlBts ili tllo'Houso of Commons to perfeotion 'among members of the Conserva tive party at least, and probably of other parties also, though possibly in a less perfect degree. It also oxists betweon Consorvativos and some sections of Liberals, notwithstanding political differences. Thus many friendships, many valued acquaintanceships nre formed, wliioh might never have begun but fur tho association within tho Houso of Commons, For all that, thore is not, and oan novor bo, any such bond knitting togother the mombors as a whole. For this reason nlono tlio House, though a olub, is not one of the first order. To call it nowadays the host club in London , would be a mis nomer." ' ' - v - TIIE AboOilMODAfidN 'di? TIIE IIODSE. Sir Riohnrd Temple has somotliing to say upon tlio stupidly inadequate accommodation of the Houso of Commons, and ho adds yot another to tlio' Ibng 'string qf protests against cramming: 600 people or mora into a chamber designed ' to hold, about half that num ber : — "The Cliatmwih, of tho Commons was : designed :'perfjotiy well for tho purpose in view. Tli'odesigners evidently uudorstood that on an.ayqrogo a portion only, say one-third or one- haIfi:bf tlio mcmbors would be ' in their plnoea i Half a contury ago this cstimato may have been quite .correct. Indeed ltd s still oorreot during two- thirds of tho timo oboupied by sittings of tlio House, and for this part of tlio time tho dimensions. of tho Oliamber are appropriate enough. Its aaoustio. properties are all tiiat could be desired, Hilt in these days mombors aro frequently obliged to attend, or aro interosted in attending, with noarly their full numbers. At such seasons thoro is not nearly chough room in tho Chambor for its mcmbors. On some occasions, wliioh are often fraught with imperial interest, the ovor orowding and tho confused rush wliioh with British im petuosity is euro to ensue muet impair the dignity of tlio Commons, and must'prejudice its order. Apart from these serious instances, it happens once or oftcner overy week that in tlio aftoriioon, or shortly beforo midnight, places cannot be found by many mombors who desire, as tboy have a right, to see and hear. By uni versal acknowledgment tho present Ciiambor ought to be enlarged, or a now Chamber con- struatcd. Sinco 1886 complaints to this effoat have iiecn rife. That nothing should have been doiio up to tho present is one proof out of many proofs that the British, though on tho wholo an eminently - prnoticnl - people, do - somotimea- tolerato faults wliioh to other nations would seem intolerable. TIIE UNWnlTTEM LAWS OF TIIE IIOU3E. To the uninitiated thoro is much that is curious, not , to say astonishing, in the rigid observance by all mombors of tlio unwritten but well understood codo of behavior in tlio House : — " There is a rule as to whoro and when a member may sit or stand, wlion ho may take his hat otLor.putiton, .whon lie should bow. to|tho C.lmir as ho quita.his plaoe, and so f orth. .A member inay,stand bareheaded b'ohind' Th'e'biir marked byrVpuiiplo lino ion tlio matting.' On 'the 'door iivfroiit 'of:tlio bar lie may walk up and- down to-tnko a aoat, but he-may-not stand for a moment. Ho,may;study ..in his place any print or manuscript on tlio sulijeot then ' before, tho Houso. lint anything like reading a book 'or newspaper in "tho Cliamber is forbiddon." A mombeVmay not, indeed, read his speeoli,: but notes in'tlio .gi'eatest ifulness are alloiycd ; and :manyr,pa?sagqs jaro. . obviously,, committed to, memory from a manuscript in tlio 'hand of tlio orator. Inter alia, there is a good rule wliioh forblds 'any !ono to' move or stand' even for. a' moment1 between ;tlio .member, addrossiug : the Houso and tiie Chair., i After, the first meeting of a hew .Parliament, tho peccadilloas of these varibus kinds' W tlio, part of. noiy hiambers'caiis'o rnubli ' nmiisem'ent.' ' Cries of' 'Order'' 'arise,' followed by laughter when: it < ia soen that the offender is uneonscious of the offence ho is com mitting." , , .. ... . . "THE IJU'UESSIVE PF.tlSONALlTY- OF Jin. GLAD-. \- STOXE," Sir Richard Temple skotchos very pleasantly his 'first im'pfe'ssioris of parliamentary life; 'wliioh' ombmbeitlio short Parliament of '1885,< witli L'ord: Salisbury as Prime Minister, and the formation of a new Ministry early in 1886 under Mr. Glad stone. At this point we find tlio following chtliusinstio eulogy of tho Primo Minister, which, .though it reads strangely in view of Sir. Glad stone's recont romarkablo vitality, may bo re- gardod nsan excellent examplo of tlio courteous and kindly mannor in whioli tho autlior speaks of botli friend and opponent throughout his book : — " During this interval tlio salient fea ture was the impressive personality of Mr. Glad stone liimsolf, who was quito .tho figure head in this I'arliamont. Naturally ho ivas no longer tho handsome man with a beautiful voico who bnd been wont to charm a listening Senate. But still his nspoctwas nobly piotilfesquo, and when under exoitemcnt lie was grandly leonine. Advanced age had left its tracoa on him outwardly, and had impaired his matohless powers of elocution. Tho ohco resonant voice often would beoome husky, and at times almost inaudible, so that his oratory sank and fell ivitii a oadenoe like tho wind. But his persuasiveness for many minds romaincd in its highest degree. HiB impassioned gcstnro socmed to bo quite unimpaired ; it could not coiicoivably have ever been finor than it was in tiicse days. When oxcited in spoeoh ho would swing his arm round like tlio Hiveep of a scimitar, and yet with a movomeut both graceful and appropriate). His hands, too, wero most cxprossivo, and by. tiioir motion or notion hslpod him toenforoe Ids argu ments. Above all, thoro was tho play of fea tures in the care-worn countenance. Evidently lie was in tlio highest senso of the term olio of nature's actors. It would ho; no disparagement of him to say that had he by accident of birth or fortune betaken himself to tho stago, he would have been one of tlio greatest tragedians of modern times. ,Aa it waa I ofton saw him do poifectiy well and- without' 'premeditation, as if by' intuition, that': wliioh professional notors accomplish after long study, -and then perhaps but imperfectly. Tho quality of his apoeolies waa not quito what it ouoo had boon in all respects, 'l'hq passion; the glow, tho sympathy, the magnetism (to borrow nil Amerioau phrase), remained as of yore, Tlio poetio, pathetic, romantic passages in Ills oratory were still, lovoly— they could hardly have been lovelier oven in the heyday of iiis; career. . But the power of marshalling a long-array. of-faats and Dpit.-es, of sustaining a leiigtlienod '.argument analytically nud synthetically — though still great — was not what it must havo bocn in his palmiest days." o ;.;' \- THE ITItSI' HOJIE<Ul)l,E HILL. ; Of tho exoiting-ovonts "attendant ufion tho introduotion of tho first -Homo Hole -15 1 11 ; of the hopes and fears of hia party j of tho dofcc- tiona among tlia Lilierals jiof tlie; organisation of the Liberal Uhibnlats; jbLtlio lilstorib debates uponMr.Gladatono'saatounding.propbsaiiewlth"- regard --to -Mrulaiid-of _ allStheso-'Bir-Rioli'a'rd Temple lias mnoli that Ib interesting, if not par- itiogla.rly now, to say. llis piotuve of tlio appoar- nnoo of tlio Houso oil tlio night of tlio second ejiding division upqq tho Homo Iulo Bijl of 1886 is oxooodingly: vivid and striking, -Hera is an extraot from tho author's description of the Primo Ministor's final oration immediately pre- vious to the deoision of tho House wliioh fof aix years banished a Home Rule measure froiAi its midst "It waBlmidniglit when Mr. Ghulsibne roso to say tho last word, and to malto Iiis foli'rtli grent-speech on; the bill. Ho began poorly witli sorno arguments that to us scorned trivial' and ho mado somo saronstio or bantering allu sions td our party. Tlieso wo received with ironical olioors and derisive exclamations, wliioh disooncerted liiin. Ho indircclly appealed to us not to interrupt nn old man, whereon we politely desisted. Oddty:onoiigli, lie proceeded with his argiimont, and then said that honorable gentle men op'poslto do not laugh now ! — fluttering liimsolf ; that wo were subdued by Iiis arguments, whereas in truth wo had restrained ourselves merely ;in deference to his ago and position. However, wo whispered to each other, ' Lot him go on, It Is only tlio song, politically, of the dying swan.' Towards tlio peroration his oloquenoe grew, and swelled and soared. For the last 20 minutes or so I havo novor heard suoli oratory any whore from any man ; indeed lie poured his vory soul into it. Our reason was, of course, stoelod against conviction by snoli persuasion. With touching metaphor lie pointod with outstretched arm to our bar, tlio historic bar of the Commons, and pictured Ireland stand ing there and pleading. Tlio apparition was visible to his eyo of faith— like tho ghost in tho tragedy, scon by one alono out of tlio company at the banquet. But with our unbelieving eyes we behuld it not." j : ! " OLD JIOnAI.lTY." With what unusual nll'eetion and ostocm tho lato Mr. W. H. Smith was regarded by thoso whom lie so admirably led is ouco moro recalled to lis by the following panegyric upon him with which Sir Richnrd Tompio closes his description of the session of 1887 " In nearly overy session that I shall have to describe there will bo a hero. : In this session tlio hero was undoubtedly Mr.' W. H. Smith. Ha began it witli no particular repute at all, lie ended it with a repute of tho utmost weight. It is hard to imagine a loader moro suave or urbane in mannor, yot moro firm and miilineliing in action. Tlio Opposition used to say that lis would mako the most sovoro and nrgont proposals witli smil ing amiability.; ' Some of thorn dubbed him " Old Morality," because ho always concluded his requests to the House by an appeal to its sense of ditty. For all that ho was compara tively popular witli them. He never produced a long ispeoch ; but lie mads countloss short speeches with unfailing good humor and unfal tering firmness. : We deemed him the most for. tunato of politicians, considering the moderate claims ho originally had to tlio highest promo tion, -tho magnitude of the ofiico ho had held, and tlio success witli which ho had borne him self tlieroin. As he went homo for tho last time this session, how many thoughts incidental to humanity must havo crowded on his mind ! Although his cast of thought was probably simplo and unimaginative, still when ho Iookod back oil tho trials of the wintry spring before Eastor, the ennui between Raster and Whitsun tide, tlio Parliamentary struggles of midsummer, the legislative dangers of the later summer— all bnding: wonderfully IwoU 'early-'iii the; autumn' with a noble record .of legislative aoliievomoiit— no one of tho 670 members of, the House of .Com mons had so good a right to be proml, or so, strbug a roakon to bo tliaiikful; iis lie." ' " ' "r ' ' 'ix'jIEilOltY OF JOBS BIlinHT.' ' ' ' Eiii'ly iii'thd' following session" the 'Hdusb :of Commons lost one of its< brightest 'ornaments,1 and this is how tbo Assembly, . in tlio impressive mood which it is well able to assume when occasion requires,' honored tiie'imeiriqry \d£ jd olinj Bright: — "On Friday, tho29th of March, tho House was crowded, oven in every nook and corner, to licar the Inst honors rendered tortlie' memory 'of Johu Bright. ; The i first spcooli: was mado iu brief, and.geuerpus. terms. by, Mr, AY. H. Smith, j . .Then rose Mr. GlndstoiVo to make, one of those bratibns'in'wliich lib excelled 'nil ' men living. He ollored a testimony, remarkable as1 coming from - him, I - to >the offcot that iiright's eloquence was1 the most-, powerful : that, had, resounded within the. wails of Parliament in this generation. . Ho ooucliided by declariiig Bright'a memory to b'b a' venerated horitago of the Eng lish speaking rase, as it spread over the world. Mr. Justin' Al'Oarthy. followod'with ono of thosu graceful and pootic apcoohes in. which . hcis un surpassed, , and aaid that Ireland ( would place iter iminnrlcilcs on'tlui grav'o'of this great Eng-' lisliniau. Lord Hartington added tiiat Briglit was the groatcstParlinmentary figure of our dny. Mr. Ohamborluin completod the unniiimous eulogy, being tho head of tlio Birmingham party thathad returned Brightas its representative for a wholo generation. Daring the delivery of theso speeches thoro was absolute silence in the crowdod House, and we all sat with our heads unooverod. Wo, who were roturned for tlio first time in 1885, Imd hoard' Briglit only oneo in tho House, and then his speech scorned but a rofleotion from the light of other days. But we had read the report of somo speoolios he had mado oarrying tlio utmost woiglit witli the electors during tho orisis of tho eleotion in 1886, and wo knew that ho had written letters of great infiuonoo with Liboral members. We re membered his appearance in our lobby that night in Juno of 1886 when the Homo Rule Bill was defeated, 'i'bus ho had been regarded by us as one of tho ohief pillArs of tho unionist cause, and, in forgetfulncss of all former differences, his memory was cherished with the most generous appreciation." BOMB PABMAMESTABY REFUTATIONS. Almost evory session has its horo; hut thoro aro some who make for themselves reputations for the whole of a Parliament, and in his con cluding ohnptor Sir Richard Temple sots forth iiis opinion as to who were tlio heroes of tlio Salisbury Parliament of 1886 ."-Mr Balfour was eminently such a one, for his administration in Ireland, nnd his management of Irish affairs in tiro House, oonstitutu one of the brightest Xinssnges in tho political " History of this generation. .Hois a man endowed by nature with many gifts that had been enhanced by inteUcotiihl'onlture. Ilia friends antioipato.tliat he;will' exercise,': in futuro Parliaments, that Conservative leadership in tho Commons, wliioh ho woll begun during this-Parliament, Sir. W. H. Smith left on his doath.-ns a precious legacy to his party, a reputation of -which tho foundation had been laid by the- sterling qualities lie had exhibited in several Pailia- ments, and wliioh roated solely on plain, simplo, Bolid morit. Lord Hartington from his. position- in the world derivod ft woigiit wliioh ho brought to hoar on national enterprise, undertaken with single minded patriotism and granitic firmness. Sir. Chamberlain played a noble and consistent part, sacrificing all the associations of party fori the sako of an imperial polioy ivliioir hu ouserved ivitii impartial discrimination and vindiontod witli brilliant ability, Hohnsrison to the very first rank of Parliamentarians, and his apoeolies are among' tlio most momentous . that can be mado in tho Houso of Commons. It is hard to over estimate tiie vuluo of tho services rendered bv .these two unionist leaders to tho good oauso during this Parliament,"— St Jmnes s JJUUyet, 