TALMUD: ' COPYRIC,HT. A Strange Narrative of Cen« trai Australia. FOUNDED OM NATURAL- FACTS. . . . — — — — r BY IVAN DEXTER. . CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) Fin kg Creek,' Retracing their steps thoy again sur veyed tho southern declivity, but with out being in the least enlightened. They could net help noticing that the sounds ou. the south were much louder than those on the .north, hut that did not help them to n solution of their cause. " Its no uss our remaining hero," said Strungway, with a puzzled oir. '! Lot us go back to the horses, and got round this place. Wo will only go lis far as yonder range, and then wc will start for homo again. Wc have dis covered some exepJlout pastoral country along here, and the head waters of this oreck arc without doubt permanent." ' Yes that is u ecrlainty, and some of those plains across to tho east would' innko splendid pastures. We havo lit least found tlmt Central Australia, so so far as we liave gone is not a barrcu waste," replied Stanley. Without further conversation they re traced their steps to where the horses were tied, and which woro ovinciug un- inistnlcciihlc indications of fear. .Re leasing the animals, the travellers made a sligiit detour so as to avoid tlio peak, and afterwards made in llio direction of the connecting spur which led lo the raugo, " We should reach the end to-morrow Tom, aud since leaving Eyre we have had no reason to complain of our luck," said Slrangwuy. " It was eonfonudly hud up lo that timo though,'' was the reply. "It might have been worse," enmo tho sententious answer. On coining to tlio belt of jungle at the foot of tbe connecting spur, Strung- way expected to get a shot at a 'wallaby- or a bird, but he was disap pointed. So fur as tlio men could sco there was not suilieient footing on the smooth surfneo of the half rounded spur for a rock wallaby to got a bold, and tlio scrub at the bottom appeared to be ib'soitcd by animal life, even as tho vicinity of the waterfall wns. . " This is a strange place altogether. A whilu back wc could get as much game as wc liked, but there is nothing about lievc," oxcluiniod Stanley, " I cannot uuders'uiitl it-. There must he something which frightens the . animals away. I could understand the noises at tho falls doing sq, but they are not heard about hero." It was Stanley who spoke, niul he had scareoly finished when the same queer booming sound smoto their enrs, coming spparcnily from tho vicinity of tlier ocliy spur. The two men looked at each other for a few moments, aud a shade of apprehension crossed tlioir faces. " We have only a few miles furthor to go, Tom, and we may as well finish out journey, but had I heard theso ' sounds fifty miles further back, I would havo turned back," Strangway said. ' "Let us finish by nil menus. Sounds will never hurt us," Stanley replied in a iloiiant tone. Just beforo sunset thoy reached the base of the range, and phched their camp 111 a narrow, bnt fertile valley, at the end of which roso up a pyramidal block of liugli rocks. A small rivulet fan down tiro centre, and there wns nn abundant supply of wood, and forage for the horses. Had it not been for tho mysterious sounds heard during the day, tho place would have S2cnieil . a perfect garden .of Eden to tho explorers, after their long travel through sterile tracts. As it wns a gloom hung over both of them, Liko sailors of tlio old time, when in tho logs and niiragos of tho trackless ocean, thoy fancied they saw tho pluvntoni of the Flying Dutchman, and heard tho dread voice of thu spectre on deck. Strang way and his companion had n present- ment that something weird nnd uncanny ' was about to happen. They did not voice their fears, but lirtor securing the horses close to the camp, th'ey made tho placo as comfortable as possible under the circumstances. As thoy lay clown with tlioir urms ready to hand, thoy woro both inwardly pleased tlmt on tho morrow they would- bngiu tho return journoy. For several hours, noithor mail' slept-,' nnd it was well on to morn ing when slumber fell upon tbeir tired bodies. Tlio sun was streaming brightly on thciii ere they awoke. Stanley was tho first to sit upright, and llio rising sun streaming into the newly opened eyes, cnusod him to lose his vision for a few moments. < As his sight grew stronger, ho turnod liis gazo in tho direction4 of the horses'. Thoy . . " wore there sure enough, and lie jumped <0\. his feot, for standihg amongst tlicni ho saw the form of a i|inn clad in n garb," the like of .which ho had never seen. . CHAPTER V. . . Back fhom this Grave, ' . ! .' Like a statiio tlio, hardy , explorer !- ; Blood for a full riiinute, trying to locato tlio strange being he saw amongst ' the horses, but tlio- more lie tried?, tlio : . ; . more Mystified lie. became.- From tlio notions oE tho,.mnn lie must bo : blind. Ho 'seemed to be groping around in a . ; . dozed sort ' of manner, us - if', uncertain . . bElii8;,positidn, . and;,whati;tiio. aniraals . ; / before him wore., : S'tanlpy did not pause long, but going to Strangwoyho awoko him. . - «« What's the matter Tom," tho ; ' ; , v leader gsltcdl, sitting up and' rubbing 'liis. I s ' ,eycs. , . ... . ' . '. .For nmwer. his comrado pointed to / tho rudo corral in which tho horses were . » ; - - placed, nnd whioh woro becoming qome- \- ; i'.v f what, restive Partly blinded liko his comrnde by Ibo strong beams of the. rising sun Strangway ior fully half a minute could not sco tho startling ob- jeot which attract-d his friend's atten tion. Suddenly, however, his features lighted up m that strange, -manner typifieu when consciousness assorts its dominion over the mind, and lor a full minute he was silent. " What is it ?" ho at length gasped out. I don't know," came the curt res ponse. Seizing his riflo in ono linnd, and tlio shot gnn in tho other, Strangwi/ stood up shying— )' This may bo only some plot to do us harm. Don't forgot tho sounds we heard yesterday. Tlmt fellow is trying to 'carry off oiitr horses, so as to make us more helpless, but he will die first. As ho finished speaking, lie sank on one knee, aud roso liis rifle to fake aim at the strange creature amongst tho horses, bnt' Stanley restrained hini. The cx-sdamnn had a longer opportunity of judging the human apparition tlum liis companion, and taking his arm he said : " Don't shoot, for' I think the fellow is mud. If tlieir.wns.n plot to take tho horses it would not be carried out in daylight, but whilst wo "slept. Watch the nnui for a minute or two. Bo appears to bo blind." "Strangway thus adjured, paused, aiid tho longer his observation, tlio more convinced lie wns that his com rades opinion desired I'nll consideration. " Yes, " ho at length said. " Let us watch l'or a few minutes — or rather I will watch liim, and yuu keep . -guard iu the rear. There is something extra ordinary about here you know, and wo cannot be too careful." Whilst Stanley turned fo watch in tlio opposito direction, occasionally turning his bend in tho direction of 'wlioro tho horses stood, Strangway c'oscly ob served tlio unexpected intruder. That personage seemed to be utterly oblivious of the fact fhat the two ex plorers were about, for nil his attention wns fixed on the horses. Occasionally lie would stand nnd put his hands' to his head, as if in extreme perplexity, and thon ho would advance as near as lie could to tlio retreating horses. His apparent desire scouted to lie rather to examine the animals than to capture them. That was patent from his method fofj-proceduro, and nt length StrnDgway wns so convinced that tlio man was ' daft ' that ho decided to take some nciion. At first ho wns deterred by the rxtrro 'dinary appearance of llie man's dress. Liko a dream there roso bofore liim pictures, which lie hud scon when a boy, of tho supposed garb of pro- historic mnn, in days when tlio- world was young. In the British Museum hu had been shown the dress as remodelled from Archaic carvings — of an ancient Burmeso, but though the stylo appeared something like tho same, the colors were altogether different; "Strangway was a tDim of action, and his mind, was soon made up. "Tom," ho called (0 -his companion "let us capture that fellow, and if lfe trios to' cscnpo wo will slioot him. Is your revolver alright ? as wc may need all our weapons." " Yos I ain ready lo fight, hilt don't let 11s do so unless thoro is a real ne cessity," came the reply. "I will not throw a shot away," answered Strangway. Proceeding cautiously towards the spot whero the horses wero placed, with levelled weapons, the two men got within twerityyards of the mysforions new comer, ami tlio closer thoy drew tlio moro astonished itiiey bccamo. The exposed parts of his skin wore almost pure wiiitc whilst the hair and beard were nearly tho saniolmo. It was not a natural' white, but a kind of blcc'ehcd color. The man wore no head covering, but a kind of gown wns suspended from liis should ors, and reached to liis feet. It was of_a- light' brown lino — what is popularly known as a dirty white, and appeared to bo closely plaited. This at first did uot strike the two spectators so much, as subsequently, for they were toojmuch in terested in the movements of tho man. lie was still moviog about in a half dazed fashion amongst tho horses, and at last Strangway, unable to contain his surprise, shouted— < Hev!" Tho effect was cloetricul. In 1111 instant the queer thing turned , in the direction of tho sound. nnd an. expression of unutterable emotion . Hashed across his features. , Strangway repeated the cull'nnd then with ariiis lralf outstretched tlio man came towards tlioin. ' A small tree was in the road, but as he nearly reached it ho turned aside, tli'us showing that . lie was -not absolutely blind. Ho did - .not seem to be armed,' and - tin's fact some what rc-assnred Strangway and. his companion, bnt still- his uncanny ap pearance, caused them 110 smnll amount -of suspicious fear. Within half a dozen paces of the two men ho stopped and gave a low cry. it was human at any rate,. but qni'e unintelligible. As he Ihu's stood, tlio feelings of the two explorers amounted to almost absolute 'terror. Hod tho newcomer boon black or in tact nau a trilio of aboriginals ap peared, they would havo been undaunted, but this substantial ghost, so to . speak, was appiilling to look upon. Tlio- blanched whiteness of the faco gavo the .impression .'.that tho bright red blood \- of mortal man did not course jroneath. such a skin, yet the apparition had just uttered' a .sound. Stanley had". road 'somewhere of. theso monsters called vampires, and the appearance thoy were supposed to present. Instinctively the objeot before him ' recalled tlio - vampire legend so fai ns ;, . tho, . colour - was con cerned, but as I10 looked the ex- saamnin softened? for in the ; expression' of ; thlo. ; faOd.hc saw" neither cruelty nor" thirst for blood,1 " , ,V-: t';Wlio, and what are you ?" -again called Strangway; /.: As thq voice sounded, tho human ap parition again advanced, and when with in a coiiplo of yards of the explorers, lie saw them and . Btood irresolute',..' As i tiiey keenly scanned, his face thoy could see that his oyes wero almost closed, and blinking, as if the stromr fish,4, of the sun lnirt tlicm. .He appeared as if oror- 1 corao witli emotion, at seeing Strangway nnd Stanley, 'but was as dumb as thuuii- coimiHinicating muteness of a fish, ''Where do you conic from?" Stanley queored; The man thus addressed npnearod to ponder coniusedly : for a lew moments; and then 'as a gloom of intelligence lighted up his features, 'lie pointed downward to the earth, and uttered sonie'hing, which sounded like":- — ."There!" \- If anything was wanted to confirm the explorers impression that their strange visitor was- lialf diabolic in. his nature, this supplied the point. And yet the more they . saw oi" him, the less i'qar asserted itself. ' I ciui't make him out, Tom. I have read of fear turning a persons hair white in a singlo night, and if so, may it hot havo tho snuio effect on the face." 'Perhaps," lie added, witli a sudden burst of inspiration V this maybe some lost white man, whoso solitary, wander ings 111 theso lonely districts havo mndo silly." " Pcrhnp3 so," assorted Stanley, slinking liis head doubtfully. / " He may bo hungry too. Let us give him something to eat, .if he will have it," continued tho lcailef. "Yes." " Goinc and have something to eat," Strangivny said lo tlio filcnt man in front of him, at the same time poiniihg to the camp. " You forget that he can scarcely sco a couple of yards abend. Look at liis eyes. " interrupted Stanley. Strangway, with a muttered assent went close to tho man, aud again repeating his invitation, pointed to tho camp. Tlio luck lustre eyes followed the ex tended finger and then us the leader moved on the newcomer slowly followed. The camp lire of the night was just smouldering, and as the explorer's queer visitor sow tho smoke ho seemed to be almost childishly interested in it. After gathering some wood Stanley placed it on tin embers and it soon blazed up. 1 In weird looking man could not repross liis feelings at this and laughed with simple gloo at thu sight. The merriment was the most htunan like and natural which Strang way and Stanley had vet heard, and it considerably reassured them. Whilst Stanley prepared breakfast hm comrado watched the man opposite Itmi who wns intently gazing into tho tire, and from that to tlio busy figure of the cx-sca- lnnn. It almost seemed to Strangway that. each moment saw a cluingo in the face of liis visitor. At loast ho ap peared to become' more in sympathy with himself, and gradually his feeling of repulsion began to die away, ' " Make some tea," ho said to Stanley whose luin it was to prepare the meal. A considerable quantity of tea lmd' been carried by the . explorerr, but' latterly tho supply was getlng low and it was only used occasionally. Whilst breakfast was being prepared Strang way intently studied his visitor bnt did not speak to him, and, indeed he even forgot to fill his usual mortfing pipo so intensely interested was he. A jam tin of tea was handed to tlie " vampire" as Stanley yet persisted in calling him, and after smelling it a couple of times anil tasting it ho drank it off with avidity, and rising to his feet, walked a few steps to Stanley nnd held out tho tin for more; That at least rvns sociable nnd convinced the senmnn there was a possibility of his being wrong in his theory. Vampires were not sup posed to bo fofld of ten. The tea was given and consumed, and then tho tin sccuied to bo nn object of absorbing intorust to tho new comer. Some kippered herrings wero also produced, nnd nl'tor a short examination wero evidently relished by tho -semi- blind man. » " He is able to cat and drink what wc do. That is a good sign, " Stanley said. - " I wonder if he can smoke ?'' Strangway remarked as lie had just thought of liis pipe. ' Stanloy did not reply l'or ho too in the excitement of - the morning had forgot" oil tlio soothing woed; and was busily engaged .filling Ins . pipe. 'When tho -two men. begun to puff tlio fragrant clouds of tobacco smoke which pervaded Tho morning air, it appeared ' as if an "old forgotlon perfume lmd fallen upon \- tiro senses of the . man opposito them. He sniffed the air liko a bloodhound just finding .the .trail, and after a few minutes lie. went io Stanley and with a beseeching look strctchod - out Irs hand. ' "Get. him ono of tho.. sparo. pipes Tom," Strangway said. Through -the untimely deaths of Daniels nnd . O'Halloran Tlicro .were sovoral sparo pipes left and -with- hearty good nnturo tho seaman handed the imploring visitor his own lighted pipe and got a spare - one ' for himself. .Tho palo stranger instantly put the pipe <0 his lips and commenced puffing away as if Ins lite aepcnueu 011 tno operation, and liis enjoyment was so evident tliat evcu iv child might have noticed- it. . " Ho likes . a suioko, Tom," Strang way remarked after a , few .minutes watching; - ' : t " My word lie does. Ho puis mo in mind, of tlie crow of tlio Saiita Anita who wore easiaways.on a Pacific island for throe -years. - My skippor rescued thorn and they woro berthed in. tlio fore castle. In twenty : four hours there wasn' t a plug of: tobacco - on board mid wo had to smoko lea leaves or. anything wo could fill out pipes with1 for tlio remainder . of tho " v oy ago," . S tiiploy ansivorod. . ' v.-:-'-. WJion tlie pipo was nosrly emptied Strangway '.wont and sat . beside bis visitor Who received him with a Bmilo of gratified- 'recognition. Tho explorer could ' not help remarking that - the sight of the newcomer was getting ; bettor. He could now see tho move ments of the horses, and tho animals afforded him quito a mine of interest, "What's your namo?" tlio leader asked abruptly. (TO ItB CONTINUED,) ? 