THE WAGES OF SIN. Imagine a number of people gathered ronnd a dinner table in London, in a fashionable quarter,, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant with glass, sugared bonbons ' and orchids. Imagine a host who has sprang from nothing and grown into so mach gold, and a hostess who has come of a good stock and descended into diamonds. Among a sprinkling of politicians and society butterflies sits s certain Captain Power and a young heiress, as beautiful as she is rich. On tha man's other side is the daughter ef the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners of a duchess, and a brain that has been crushed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently, " that we must try and persuade you to come to ns at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the house-boat in quite a new Style." " How ?" "Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderful scheme of color," says the girl, with a puzzled expression; " I suppose it will be all right,Tiowever." " You know I am always engaged," the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,— "Oh, yes, but this year you must come. I am to be there too, and we can have such fun." The soldier flashes. " I must think about it," he says. The pale girl notes that the heiress flashed, too; and sighs. " I suppose," the heiress goes on, " that you have seen Loie Fuller ?" "Yes," he answers at random, his blue eyes watching her face. " She makes a beautiful, artistic picture," the pale girl says. " A picture!" The color effects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often discover in a wood-fire." " Charming !" murmurs the heiress in eweet, soft tones. Captain Power seems at a Joss how to continue. The heiress notes the crestfallen appearance of the man on her other side, who has taken ter in to dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought Lord Blank's yacht; a young man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses himself enough to discuss -IbBen with a juvenile old lady on Ms right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " G-hosts." The lady of the houee, with some tact, drowns his voice and his Stupidity by asking her neighbors if they will have some burned almonds, and pass her the olives ; while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks ab-: stracted. Then the trivial talk recommences. The few clever men-there are—like the Still fewer clever women—crashed by the weight of gold. It surrounds them in every form; it flows to them in the voice of their host, and they -: cannot: struggle against it. Their only retaliation will be their remarks the 'next day to a sympathetic circle oE friends. In the midst of it all the captain tells the heiress that perhaps he will .go to Henley, and she murmurs foolishly but prettily,— " Oh, don't go merely to please me." " But it will be a pleasure." •" You have always refused before." " I refuse nothing now that takes me when, you are." " It is sweet of you to say that—bat then, of course I—" " You can quite believe it—rand yon know you do believe it. That-reminds me ; will yoa let me come and see yon to-morrow—" As she blushes and veils: her eyes • with long dark lashes, he breaks off. One of the men-servants has whispered that he is wanted, and will he come into the hall? . Puzzled and much surprised, he marmars an excuse and rises. - The heiress leans across his empty chair, and tells the pale-faced daughter of the house that she has persuaded the captain to-come to Henley. "How kind: of you!":answers the other, with a glance that is anything but k-ind, for the triumphant smile of the heiress is maddening. The captain's footsteps echo on : the parquet, then there is: a pause and the intervening doors are hurriedly shut. Ashe comes into theli^ht.of the hall he stanis amazed, and for one -instant looks like a man -in a dream. . A woman gaily attired in cheap finery comes forward and prefaces her words with a. drunket? laugh. - "Thought I was dead, Jim, didn't yer?" Hi? face blanches. " Yes," he answers sternly. " Well, I ain't. Where do you hang out at present?" "Why did yoafollow mc heraf"- " Saw you drive this way and came in. Knew yon -used to drae here in the old days when the girl of the house was a mere Md. 'Spect you'd like to make up to her now, as you thought I was out of the way." : There is a x»uss;v: The ladies are heard leaving tie dimng^ioom, but they ascend by another staircase, and do not pass that way. Captain Poweri face hardeM. "What do yon want with-me?" he »sks. « You're my husband, ain't yer 7" "Yes." "Then I want money, and I'll not irorry you again. 1 ' «T must go,' he speaks with an Effort, " and make my excuses upstairs. "^sibfor me«utflid«3 dpa't sty here/" " Mind you come I No games, or I'll kick up a fine'row." " You can trust me. Now go. I will be with you in ten minutes." Ihe heiress meets his. eyes as he oomes into the large drawing-room and notices-nothing •;•:• she greets him with a - smile tbat is enchanting,*.and -waits for him to join her. The daughter of the house rises hurriedly and as quickly resumes her seat, v The captain epeaks^ to her. mother, explains that he has bad news—to that fact his whita lips testify—and is called away. The blaze of ;the: diamonds flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she says something politely sympathetic. He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle, to where the heiress stands,- " I am obliged to go away," he says, in a broken voice. " And not come to Hefcley ?" " It is quite impossible now " : She is piqued. "Oh, very well. Good-by." He looks-at her-with a dog's eyes; full of entreaty, but she turns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near.:. As he crosses the room his -veiy -senses . dulled with psin, he misses the pale daughter of the house, ^nce outside, in. the passage, he comes face to face with her. " You are ill or in great trouble ?" she cries ; I am very sorry." He hesitates, and fihe-goes on— " You needn't -tell me. I can see it in your face. I hope all will end well." " You are very kind,'-' he remarks stupidly. " Have you any friend—" she - commencesbat he breaks in—. " Bo—no friend can help me. Yon are very kind." , la,a dazed w»y he-holds ont his hand, but ehe shrinks back «nd feigns not to notice it. He is conscious that he is wounding her,: but the heiress and her beauty hare blinded him; his one wish is to escape. "If I don't see yon again," she Baks hurriedly—" if yon need a woman's aid in any way,, remember I should be so glad—" " Yes, yes. I must go. Thank you a thousand times." He takes her hand, but her small fingers slip through his, and, -without another word, she is gone. The men are preparing to join the ladies ; the heiress, hearing their voices, mores her seat to a sofa where there are places for two, and Captain Power descends the great etairoase and passes oat of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there V 