THE LATE PKOFfiSSOfi FKOUDE. A DISTINGUISHED LITERAItY CAREEE. James Anthony Fronde, whose d9ath at the ? age of seventy-six is announced in to-day's issue, was a son of the Rev. R. H. Fronde, formerly Rector of Dartineton and Arch deacon of Totnes, Devon, England. Ho was born on April 23, IS 18, at Darlington, a speci ally favoured spot even ia a county greatly blessed by Nature. Late in life, in giving a description of the Anglican clergy in the rural districts prior to the time of the Oxford move ment, he wrote an interesting account of his youth. ' Our own household,' he said, ' was a fair representative of the order, fily father was rectorof the parish. HowaB Archdeacon ; he was j ustioe of the Peace. He had a moderate fortune of his own, consisting chiefly of land, and he belonged, therefore, to the landed interest. Most of tho magistrate's work of the neighbourhood paeaed through hia hands. If anything was amisa it was his advice whioh was most sought after, and I re member hia being called upon to lay a trouble some ghost. In his yennger days he had been a hard rider aoroas country. His children knew him as a continually busy, useful man of the world, a learned and cultivated antiquary, and an acoomplibhed artiat. My brother and I were excellently educated, snd were sent to school and collope. Our spiritual lessons did not go beyond th6 catechism. We were told that our business in life was to work and to make honourable positions for ourselves. About doctrine Evangelical or Catholic I do not think that in my early bo^ood I ever heard a single word in tho Church or out of it. The institution had drifted into the condition of what 1 should call mora health. It did not instruct us in mysteries ; it did not teaoh us to make religion a special object of our thoughts ; it taught ua to use religion as a light by which to see our way along the road of duty. . . . Doctrinal controversies were sleeping. People went to Church because they liked it, becau3e they knew they had to go, and because it waa the oustoin. They had reoeived the creeds from their fathers, and doubta about them had never crossed their minds. Christianity had wrought itself into the constitution of their natures. It waa a necesnary part of the existing order of tho universe, as little to be debated about as tbe move menta of the planets or the changes of tho seasons. Such the Church of England waa in the country districts before the Tractarian movement.' In one sense this statement ia about aa accurate as many of Mr. Froude's utterances, and no more ao. Mothodistn aad Evangelicalism preceded Traotamnifim. Apart from that faot ite exactness is no doubt beyond reproaoh. At any rate Mr. Froude himself had moat show of authority to apeak on the matter. Bub there are certain interest ing details omitted by him which must ba filled in. Educated at Westminster School and Oriel College, Oxford, Mr. Froude graduated with classical honours at the University. He also obtained the Chancellor's prize for the English essay, the subjeot dealt with being one aspect of political economy. He was eleoted Fellow of Exeter College in 1842. He felt the full strength of the Oxford movement, of which hia brother, Hurrell Froude, was a leader, and in which for a few years he himself waa a zealoud worker. He contributed to the 'Lives of the English Saints,' and in 1844 he took deacon's orders. Then canio the reaction and the breach wish the Church of England, shown in the once celebrated book. ' The Nemesis of Faith' (1848). This work ia a protest against the reverence entertained by the Church for what tbe author called the Hebrew mythology, it excited the displeasure of the University authorities, as did aleo ''The Shadows of tbe Clouds,' published the year betore. They strongly condemned both books. Mr. Froude was deprived of his Fellowship. He also for feited a post to which he had been appointed in Tasmania. For a time he cherished the design of emigrating to one or other of the colonies, but ultimately he determined to remain in England. Unable to pursue the profession for which he had entered, and at that time forbidden by law to exchange it for another, Mr. Froude turned his attention to literary pursuits. From 1830 onwardB he wrote many articles for tho Westminster lieviewund Prater's Mafjuzine. He also produced several pamphlets and ahort historical dissertations. In 181)5, in a lecture before the Philosophical Institution of t din burgh upon ' The Influence of the Reforma tion on tho Sfoitish Character,' he warmly eulogized John Knox. In 1SG9, in his address on the occasion of hia installa tion as Rector of the University of St. Andrews, he dealt with the subject of Calvinism, paying a glowing tribute to the charaottr of Oalvin. Meantime he was buuily engaged upon hia magnum opui, ' The History of England from the Fall of Wolsay to the Defeat of the Spanish Armada.' Consisting of twelve volumes, the first of which was given to the world iu 1S5U aud the last in 1S69, this work was the fruit of twenty years of labour. In reality it was the oucoome of his examina tion into the credentials of the Church of Eng land. He himsf If said he was led to undertako the task of writing it by his enforced leisure, and by the attitude towards the Reformation of the sixteenth century which had bneu assumed by many inlluential chinkera in Eng land and on the Continent of Europe. Written when Mr. Froude's literary powers were at their zenith, though he never showed much of the deterioration whioh often accompanies advanced age, the history commanded instant attention and praise on account of its picturesqueness and liratnatio vigour. Even thusa who mo.it powerfully assailed the opinions and conclusions ic uets forth could not help testifying in the moat un qualified tnaunor to the marvellous literary inericsof the production. One of its greatest surprises was its defence of Henry VIII. Mr. Froude paints the Blu« beard among English monarchs as a acrong souled, cWvur, energetic prince, whose treat ment of his wives waa forced by feminine miaconriucc and in further ance of hia own political purposes. Here are some of the King's characteristics ns depicted by his apologist: — 'N'icure bad been prodigal to him ol her rarest eifta. In person he is said to have resembled his grand father, Edward IV'., who was the handsomest man in Europe. Ilia form and bearing wero princely, and aaiidut tbe easy freedom of his ad drees his inaunur remained majestic. No knight) iu England could match him in the tournament except the Duke of Suffolk ; he drew with ease ta strong n bow a* wan borne by any yeoman of hia guard ; aad these poweru were austainud in unfailing vigour by a tempsrate habit aud by constant exercise. Of bis intellectual ability we are left to judge from the aus picious panegyrica of bis contemporaries. His State papers may be placed beside those of YVolaey or Cromwell, and tbey lose nothing in the comparison. Though they are broadly different ihe perception is equally clear, the expression equally powerful, aud they breathe throughout iwi irresistible vigour of purpose. In addition to thia he had a tine musical taste, carefully oultivated ; he spoke and wrote four languages ; and hia knoivledge'of a uiulti tudoof ostier subjects, with which his versatile ability made him conversant, would have formed tho reputation of any ordinary man. He was among the beat physicians of hia age; he was his own enginesr, inventing improvements in artillery and new constructions in shipbuilding, and thia not with the condescending incapacity of an amateur, but with thorough workmanlike understanding. Hia reading waa vast, espa cially in theology, which has been ridiculously ascribed by Lord Horbert to bis father's in tentions of educating him for the Arch bishoprio of Canterbury, aa if the scientific mastery of such a subject could have been acquired by a boy of twelve years of age, for he was no more when he became Prince of Wales. Ho must bave studied theology with tha full maturity of hia understanding ; and he had a fixed, aud perhaps unfortunate, in terest in the subject itself. In private he was good-humoured and crood-nutured.' Mr. Froude'a c.econd historical work of im portance waa 'The English in Ireland in the Eighteenth Century.' Tho fir»t volume of this book was published in 1S72, and the second and third— the concluding volumes— in 1S74. It is marked by the same vivid narra tive, epigrammatic brilliancy, strong power of character, delinea'ion, and general literary graces that distinguish its predecessor. In it \Ir. Froude explains his reasons for o -posing Home Rule to Ireland. Among tho more noteworthy of hia other compositions are the aeries of books entitled 'Short Studiea in Great Subjeuts,' 'Oueana,' and hia bio graphioal works on Carlyle. TUo ' Short Studiea'' have proved a perfect mine of con troversy. In hia essay on ' Party Politics' he gives utterance to the view that ' we may expsot that the type of character of which the half-educated middle-olass Anglo-Saxon is the best existing representative will enter before long into complete po^eesaion of this planet.' Con-jarning ' Oceana' it may be said that it ia as remarkable for its inaccura cies as for it3 brillianoy. Nevertheless, it has »«rved one good purpose. It shows that Mr. Froude was capable of taking a common sense view of a matter. In ' Oceana' ho stigmatizes the idea of an Imperial Federal Parliament aa being chimerical and absurd ; but he was one of the earliest writers in Eng land who fully recognised that the colonies were a source, not of weakness, bat of strength to Great Britain. He pleaded for the main tenance of the Union, and in season and out of season he never ceased to maintain this thesia. With respect to hia books dealing with Car lyle, the fiaraoa of controversy which he kindled by bis treatment of tbe biographical data placed in hia handa bave not even yet com pletely expired. They fliokor up now and again, though but slightly. This ia probably attributable more to the resentinont which many feel towards Mr. Froude for help ing to shatter their idol than to any thing else ; bub that ho published a good deal of matter which ehould havo been buried in oblivion is unquestionable. There ia one more of hia litorary productions to which reference mus1! be made. That is the paper in which he discusses, among other things, Darwinism and English nineteenth oentury progress. ' The steomehip and the railway, the eloctric telegraph, and the infinite multitude of kindred machineries may,' he declares, 'easily enough be ovolutions ot qualities of which we perceive the gorms in many creatures bssides ape3. If those are indeed our last and sublimeat triumphs, if it is in the direction of these that the proereas of the race is to continue, then, indeed, I can be oontent to look back with proper tenderness on my hairy ancestry. Instead of 'a little lower than the aDgula' I can bear to look on inyeelf as ' a little hieher than the apes'; and ' Piokwick' shall ba as beautiful aa the ' Tempest' and Herbert Spencer more profound than Ariatotle, and the electric cable of greater value to mankind than the prophecies of Isaiah or the Republio of Plato.' For thirteen years from 1S61 he was the editorof Fraser's Magazine. Uuderhia direction that publication exhibited much of its highest vigour and ability. The University of at. Andrews conferred tbe degree of LL.D. on him on the occasion of bia installation aa Reotor. During 1877 he consented to become a candidate for tbe Ractorship of Glasgow University on the retirement of Lord Beacona field, but Sir Stafford Northcote (afterwards Lord Iddealeigh) promised the Conservative party in tbe University to stand as their can didate, and Mr. Gladstone was asked to como forward by a number of Liberals. Mr. Froude, who appeared before the University as a literary and not as a political candidate, withdrew in favour of Sir Stafford. Here is may be remarked that, though entitled more to the designation of Liberal than to any thing eke, Mr. Froude v/aa an eclectio iu politics, and he shared the usual fate of per fionB of thia stamp. He was beloved by neither Liberala nor Conservatives. During 1872 Mr. Froude paid a visit to tbe United States. There he aroused the fiercest animosity of Irishmen by his addresses on the Inch question. The hend and front of his offending in thia particular wan iu affirming that Irishmen had alone to a large extent caused the misery and degradation of their country by intestine jealousies and waus of patriotism. During tho same year Mr. Froude took advantage of the Clerical Disabilities Act and exeouced a deed re linquishing the office of deacon in tho Established Church of England. In 1874, and for come time previously, there waa a vary un settled atate of feeling in the mother country with regard to the turn things had taken in South Africa. Aftsr much difficulty the newly discovered diamond- fields werf annexed by Great Britain. A Kaffir insurrection occurred, and Air. Froude waa dispatched by the Earl of Carnarvon, then Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Cape in August, 1874\. Hia mission waa to make enquiries respectine the revolt, and to inveatigate the state of affairs generally both in Caps Colony and the Orange Free State. Thia accomplished be returned to England m the following January. Bud in May, 1875, he again went out to ths Cape. An effort to bring about conference of all the South African States failed, but as the Cape Legislature undertook to relieve the Home Government of the irkaome charge of the diamond-field*, Mr. Froude, in returning to England in January, 1876, waa able to report) that affairs had assumed a compara tively rossauriDg aspect. During the fol lowing August a conferenco of representatives from the Orange Frea State and Oape Colony was held with the Imperial Government at the Colonial Office, Downiog-streot. Mr. Froude was invited to take part in it. Ho accepted the invitation and rendered very valuable aervice. Some yoara latur he visited the West Indiea and also the Australasian Colonies. Ib will be re membered to the discredit of tbia colony that no arrangements were made for hia reception, and S7hao he saw of the oity was under the guidance of Mr. R. Jairoe, who encountered him on board the steamer which brought him. Each trip furnished the material for a book, and ' Ocenaa' was tha proauos o£ the visit to this quartwr of thd globe. In 1S92 Air. Froude waa appointed by Lord Salisbury Regius Professor of History at Oxford University. Some yeara after he had begun his principal work Oxford bad the opportunity of choosinef as Chichele Professor of History either him or Mr. Freeman. Neither waa elected, aud one of them had to wait for another twenty and the other another thirty yeara before the obance again came to return as Professor to the University. Remembering old controveraiea there ia something grimly humorous in the thought that Mr. Froude should have succeeded Mr. Freeman. Nor is it lesa curious to think of him as the successor, after an interval of a quarter of a century, of 5lr. Goldwin Smith. Kor some yeara the latter waa as doughty and as implacable an opponent of Mr. Froude a3 Mr. Freeman himself. The subject of tbia sketch is especially worthy of hiijh r6apoot for one quality. He waa thoroughly fearless. Thia trait in his oharactpr would bave been even more com mendable had it been tinged less than it was with Hrrog.incp. Regarded as a whole he was a man of rare (.-apacity. Chiefly be waa a groat artist in worda with a spionriid imagination. Long after every vestige of his claims to rank as a tru^warthy historian has disappeared his fascinating style of writing will ensure for bia works a large oirole of readers. 