3NTJEJE.DL.JES: " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." Mistress—"What! shall I tell your master when he comes back and seeB you have broken his shaving-glass ?" Jessie—"Tell him, madam, I was so ex cited with joy at his return." Cool. Cloudy. Cyclorama. Anarohisra. Hypnotism. Bimetallism. Early closing. Priz9 packets. Coal difficulty. A farmer killed. " Continentals." Barty acquitted. Imperial defence. Electrical science. Burwood tragedy. Postal Conference. Babbit destruction. Bobbery and arson. Anarchy in Europe. Suicide in Brisbane. Swimming matches. A tragedy of the sea. Shearers' conference. Hans von Biilow dead. Italy purchasing arms. Sad fatality ab Gawler. Phylloxera in Victoria. Counterfeit bank-notes. Common-sense bathing. The police as reformers. A war cloud in the East. A blackmailer imprisoned. " The Squatter's Pardon." Betrenchment in Viotoria. A child drowned at Gawler. "Picturesque New Guinea." A trip to the Mediterranean. Colliery ad Plattsburg closed. Popular prices at the Cyclorama. No special Parliamentary session. Victorian truant officers dismissed. Earthquake shock at Port Darwin. Who is to be the next Elder eoholar ? Port Darwinites had a good shaking yester day./ The New South Wales Electoral Act declared invalid. Napoleon's ghost still walks the field of Waterloo. Sbromholi has won another race ab San Erancisco. The youthful prize-packet gambler is nipped in the bud. Good nominations received for the Mount Gambier races. Sir Jenkin Coles is confined to his bed through illness. Swimming matohes at the .City Baths on Monday eveninc. Gaiety burlesquers have offended the !! Khedive of Egypt. The Minister of Education leaves for New Zealand to-morrow. In India only 11,000,000 out of 250,000,000 can read and write. Victorian brandy favored by medical experts of the British army. Captain Hennilcer will probably return with the Earl of Kiutore. The Trustees Act Amendment Bill will come into force on Saturday. The railway revenue for the week ending February 10 was £21,092. A college football match in America yielded 47,000 dollars gate money. Cold storage is being arranged in Scotland lor Australian ohilled meat. Football, as played in America, has taken a place in the mortality tables. An original Australian drama at the Bijou Theatre on Monday evening. \- 'he Rev. W. J. Bussell has been appointed to the River Murray Mission. A Coolgardie miner relieved of £500 by a 'confidence" man in Melbourne. Labor members want only white men em ployed on steamers carrying mails. Rabbit destruction being vigorously carried on in the Mouut Gambier district. The Cyclists' Association will give a recap tion to Sir E. T. Smith this evening. Youngsters mustn't play up their half pennies over prize-packets any more. The burlesque "Bon Juan" at the Gaiety Theatre has offended two potentates. There were 35 applicants for the position of manager of the Wine and Produce Depot in London. , Mr. E. B. Young has been appointed j-manager of the Wiue and Produce Depot in, London. Hypnotism suggested as a means of finding out whether Mrs. May brick murdered her husband. The gendarme who oaptured Le Breton, the Anarchist, has been decorated with the Legion of Honor. A London syndioate has been formed for the purpose of carrying on gold mining in West Australia. Mr. Watkin Wynne, manager, of the Sydney Doily Telegraph, had an unpleasant experience in New York. There are two mountains in Lower Califor nia that are estimated to contain 100,000,000 tons of pure alum. The Earl of Radnor asserts that it will be impossible to abolish the House of Lords without a bloody revolution. Overheard at Wednesday's meeting oE the unemployed—"That stone the Government is providing is very haid. I had a look at it to day." Au Edinburgh man advertises for " a boy to open oysters with a reference." We don't be lieve it can be done. _ This reminds us of another awkward omission of a stop in the in scription on a tombstone:—"John Phillips, accidentally shot as a mark of affection by his brother." A French writer remarks :—" I used to be lieve that a woman liked that man the best who appeared to her the handsomest. That was a great mistake. I have found out since that she invariably gives the preference to the one who declares her to be bhe prettiest woman in existence." The registrar of a Prussian town being ill, the burgomaster took his place and presided at seventy marriages. It having transpired that the burgomaster was acting illegally, the parties have been informed that they must attend and be remarried. Some having already repented of the step are unwilling to do so. . Old Man—"My little boy, have you no better way to spend this beautiful afternoon than by standing in front of the door idling your time away ?' Small Boy—" I ain't idling my time away. Mr. Kissem is.in the house making love to my sister, and he's paying me a shilling an hour to watch for my father." The latest statistics of the Salvation Army show that their work is established in twenty three countries, in twenty-one different languages, has forty newspaper!#, with ah annual circulation of 43,000,000 copies; they also report 3,070 stations, 10,816 officers, and estimate that they reach notleES than 7,000,000 persons every week. 