CHAPTER III. LONELY YALL1Y. " If thine enemy hnnger, feed Mm-j if lie thirst/giveiiim idrink."—St. Paui.. ■The quality bf mereyis not strained ; It droppetb,-as the gentle -rainfrom heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice bleBsed, It blesseth him that gives and him that' takes: 'lis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes The thronM monarch better than his It is an attribute to God Himself i And earthly power doth then show likest God's When mercy seasons justice." —Merchant of . Venice. \- " Well, Frasery what's wrong f" " A man of honor, of principle, of con science, of idaas, can't get on at all," re plied John gravely. ' Been taken in P" ' Bought some head of cattle cheap, and: they turned out to he diseased. They've all died, and my money's gone "Ah, said Ishmael wearily, tell me how yon stand in other matters/' A few minutes later, he understood John's position. It was not nearly as bad: as he expected, bnt was still bad. He i needed cattle greatly, and he had no money to ba£ There was no grain to sell, the time for shearing the sheep was not yet come, while to sell the sheep to fatty bullocks would be a matter of robbing Peter to pay Paul. On the'whole John was solvent, bnt he sadly-needed a helping hand in the way of ready money. " Do yon know of any cattle' for sale f " asked Ishmael. " Yes; a man has some ho sell in Lonely Valley." " I'll go and have a look atthem;" said Ishmael j " you may get them cheap. If £ see fit I'll bay some. I'll take youx shepherd 'with me, and you must do his work." " But surely I'm the man to go with yon," said John, with dignity. " No," said.Ishmael; " 1 couldn't stand yonr company." He went away -towards Lonely Valley, taking Fxaser's shepherd with him. Lonely Valley was a place wor ihy. its name- Surrounded by a range of hills, it was hidden from sight, and while one end of the valley contained good fertile land, the other was a miasmatic swamp. A more lonely place conld not be found in the wilds of Australia. After some searching they fonnd, not the farmer, bat his servant, who stated that he was empowered to sell the cattle.- lehmael did not like the look of this fellow, and he quickly discovered that the man was exceedingly anxious to make a bargain at a price far below their value rather than not sell the cattle at alL "Where is your master?" he asked, presently. The man turned his finger northward. "I will go and see him." "It's no use. He wasn't see nobody. He keeps out of sight, and .never speaks." "Why? What's his name f " "He's a queer man, he's allays looking round as though he was 'fraid. He told me 1 could sell the bullocks. His name is John Green." lehmael watched the man closely, and Jelt-Convinced that something was wrong. I'll go and see him," he repeated. No use," said the man, kicking ■ stump of wood uneasily,"he wasn't see you; besides, he's ilL" '111! What's the matter with him?' I dunnow, and don't care. I'm not goin' te s;ay here. 'Tis lonely enough-to make a man die of the blues. How much '11 'ee give forthe cows?" " I must Bee your master," said lehmael "Gome, Bill," speaking to Eraser's shep herd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's house." " No,'' said the man sulkily'; what's the use?" Then he garnished hiB language with several oaths. Without a word iBhmael drove the cattle towards the farmer's-house, the man fol lowing and expostulating. When he saw that they paid no attention he turned and left them. Evidently he had beenseeking to serve his own ends. After a time they came np to the farmer's house—a poor, dreary-iooiing shanty built of rongh slabs of wood. There were no signs of life any where. *- The place -do luk deserted," said the shepherd. Ishmael rapped the door of-the hut with his stick, and in reply heard a faint murmur, whereupon he entered Lying on a low bed in the corner of tbe room be saw theform of a man. He could not see bis face, for it was tamed towards the walljbut he'judged him-to be ill " i beard you had some cattle for sale," said Ishmael, "and I came over to look at them. I d.d not like the -look of your man, and so I thought I'd come to yon. I did not know you were so ilL" The man on the: bed moved uneasily,' and groaned. " I've been ill in bed for a week," be said, in weak voice; "before* that I could do nothing for a long while. The old woman left me, while the has been selling everything without consulting "We thought bo much," eaid the shep herd, "that's why we come to you. But be you 'ere all 'lone like this P Don't no body tend on you like9 Who gite yer maitf" "I don't want any one" said the sufferer. "I can't eat, I only want drink. I've got a jug of water." As he spoke, Xshmael's hand trembled, and his eyes shone strangely. "Go out and keep your eye on the cattle," he said, in a husky voice. The man obeyed, leaving Ishmael alone with the sufferer.^ " It surely cannot be," he muttered. "-No, no j" bat lie went up to the rick man, and pulled away the handkerchief which had partly covered his head; He saw the face of a man, slightly past middle age, who had evidently been shamefully neglected, and was in a terrible condition. All rids, however, did not hide the identify of the Bufferer. It was Beuben Pen withen! For a moment Ishmael was too astonished to speak; the man whom he thought dead was not dead at all, and, in spite of everything, a great joy came -into his heari. He had not killed him I But this was only for a moment. Beuben Pen*' witben alive or Beuben Penwitben dead could not avail now, for Grace had made her choice, she had taken her find step. The sufferer looked up towards lis visitor with a languid stare. Evidently the few minutes of reason which he bad possessed were nearly gone. " Who are you t" be said vacantly. " My God!,' exclaimed IshmaeL " It is hel it if Beuben Penwithen!" " What is that?" said the sick man. „7es, the pows, and $be sheep, eg# the young cattle, they all went away, and 1 am so thirsty. Oh, my poor head ! Never mind, there's a good spring at the end oi the house, and nobody can find me here. Yes, I'm safe, I'm safe!" He wbb quite delirious now, and knew not who was near, while Ishmael rea'isgd that hisibreath was foetid and laden with disease. The young man went nut into the open air, and the world seamed a changed place. Bill, the shepherd,.wag smoking, while the cattle quietly grazed; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minntes he realised how things stood. Reuben Penwithen had not committed suicide, doubtless he had been afraid when the time had come, and, instead, had left the country because he was afraid of the law. He had come te Lonely Valley DecauBe it was the loneliest and least fre quented place he could find. All had gone well for a time ; but, when he became ill, the servants had, no donbt, taken advantage of him, and robbed him, and, to end ail, they had left him in his sickness and sor row. Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and'-forsaken. The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, -.and die was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his young days, had hoped wonld befal Reuben Penwithen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged 1 The man's life seemed largely in his hands now. He had no ■friend.no deliverer J Wei), why should he care ? No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had became resigned to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then ? This man had blighted, zvined his life—let him die I If—ah, if Grace's iate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrible newspaper paragraph, it might have been to bis advantage to risk his life by nnrsing the fever-stricken man back to 'health, and. have taken him back home, and then-to have said to Grace,"See, I have saved your father, and have brought him faacktoyon." But that could not be now. She was the wife of-anoiher, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Sup pose he left him, who would, know, who would care J "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling possessed him as ha wandered alone among the forest gladei. Yes, he would take the shepherd back, and leave him. Perhaps he might, for decency's sake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; bnt that would be all, for he knew of ao one who would come and nurse hm. Evidently he was sufiering from an attack-of fever, the nature of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and he was anre that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why should not this be the case ? He, Ishinael, was a soured, hopeless man ; why should he seek to nurse his enemy back to life, and send him back to his children 7 " 1 ray. boss, what are 'ee agoin' to do 1 It'll be daik in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouted Bill. •' It'll be bright moonlight," said lshmael shortly. " Trae; but I wants to git back, I do." " Very well, we'll go together." '' What about the bouts?" " Let them stay." " And the sick man ? I s'pose that sneak of his'il come back to nurse him " "Just so," said lshmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards, while the cattle looked wistfully after them ; then Bill said: "Seems kind o' bad to leave 'un, don't it f" " Why 1 will yon go and nurse him J" '• Not me. Besides, his oan man—that i* —he lookB as though he's got the dark lever." •' He's left him; yon heard him say so. Besides, he's tried to rob him." " 1 don' know nothin' 'boot that, bnt 'liBn't for ane to go back and tend to 'nn." Ishmael stopped suddenly. " Bill," he said," you've got the dog. Toff could take thost cattle back." " I dessay." " Then do it, and tell Fraser to send word to Mr Roberts that I shan't be back for a time. I'm going to get a nnrse for him." " But, but " "That'll do. Ho as 1 say. If yon can't, get 'back to-night you can torn into Harris's place; he'll put you up for the night." " Ail right." They turned back, and a few minutes later Bill was driving Reuben Penwithen's cattle towards John Fiaser's farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Reuben Pan withen lay. He stopped at the door and listed. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace and Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gain. " Grace is breaking her heart 1" he cried cried, "And so is Bertie, Hy poor chil dren I Ah, ihey don't know. Tea, they do. They will have fonnd nut their father's a murderer. That fiend, Ishmael, will let them know. Theu they'll luathe me, for they'll be tcorned by everybody; and -yet I love them so. My poor Amelia's children I" " I'll do it for Grace's Bake," iBhmaei said. " She is another man's wife, but I love her still. I'll murse~hiin~for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my-best; and i1 not, 1 can tell him the trnth and send him back happy. At any rate, I shall-have, made Grace happy—and she, oh, God help me!" He still loathed Reuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out of his life by this man; but, at any rate, -he would do his best. He entered the house again, and as he did so, he felt the air to be lull of disease. It was little he knew of nursing, hut in his varied reading-fas had learnt enough to know the general course of this fever, from which, no doubt, Reuben was suffering. After watch ing him an honr, and remembering what he oad said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time. On his own confession die had been in bed-nearly a-week,-while before that he-bad been unwell. From -what he had read and heard he knew that while the fevor gene rally came suddenly, and revealed-itself dn a shivering fit, sometimes the poison of tfct disease worked slowly, and caused listless ness, loss of appetite, and wandering painsin the body. This had evidently been the case with Reuben. He noticed that the tongue j was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips were invested.with the morbid epithelium ! which had been shed. The pulse was weak but frequent. From these symptoms be concluded that the fever must have been in the system for nine or ten days. . If thai were so, the next four or five days wonld be most critical. -A doctor had told him that death seldom occurrsd. after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care most be taken. Why had he not told Bill to ran for a doctor f But then he reflected that doctor* ■were not of great skill or cleverness" In the bush, and might not be of so much value Still, he wished he had thought of it, for now it seemed impossible to take any steps in that direction. He dared not leave him, for he knew, that patients suffering from this disease often tried to get oat of bed, and thus if no one were near, death would be al most inevitable. Still, he hoped that in a day or two some one would come. He was glad now that he had studied doctora'.booki years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. He -remembered mncb of what his mother had told him as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neighborhoods, she had a knowledge of the use of herbs, and ehe had told him. Of the science of medicine, how. ever, he knew next to nothing, and, even if he did, the knowledge would not have availed him now, for he was far, far away from any place where drags of any sort could be obtained. He started to work, first of all earing for the comfort of his patient. Ho caused the atmosphere of th« room to be made sweet, and then searched among the boxes in an ad j fining room for clean clothes - Tenderly as a woman, ho did all in his power to make .the bed more pleasant on which to lie, and then he began to search aionnd for some thing in the way of food. He went ont into the yard, bat conld see nothing suitable. He came in again and looked into the kitchen, which had also been used as a pantry. There was little of Imme diate service hare, but he found a small hand ajill and eome wheat. Presently he espied a gun and a bag containing cartridges. This he immediately loaded and went ont again. The evening was drawing in, bnt there was ight enough for him to see a couple of birds. These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, bnt he managed pretty well, and In a little while oad prepared a taBty dish. Benben Pen withen was still delirious, bat he took the soap Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. This over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went ont into the open air again The night had come on now, and ail was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon sh-<n« brightly, and the air seemed pnre ; bnt the loneliness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from the nearest honse, and that Lonely Valley was generally de serted. No donbt Benben Pen withen had. chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too, this was why his ssrvanta left him. Everything was terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he hated his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his fricn-*, or brother. Why was itf .He had wanted to leave him, bnt Muld not, something forebade him. He had come back to nnrse him; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet he felt happier than he hod done for a long while. Wny wag it? He conld not tell. He went into the hot again and Jit a little oil lamp, and this could see hie patient. He murmured constantly abont Grace, and Bertie, and Penwithen, also abont the ghost of come one, who, he said, he conld not recognise. And then, again, he seemed to worry abont his farm, and the way his ser vants treated him. Bat he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one Intensely weary. Iihmael went oat again, Thn terrible silence of the night seemed to have -a fasci nation for him. How long would it be be fore some one would call? Surely Billwonld let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Bobsrts. In two days at latest, some one wonld come. He wai conscious of a curious small in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath of wind blew, bnt he fancied that nowand then there was a slight movement in the atmos phere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising from the swamp. He bad heard of poisonous vapours coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible significance of this. When he entered again, Benben seemed mora uneasy, and Iebmael detected that the smell had entered the room. In his anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened the little casement window, and thns let in the fool smelL He closed it again as quickly as possible, but made a little open ing on the other side. He knew the value of fresh air for such a disease. Presently the patient became more restful, and Ish mael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night pissed slowly away, and when: the morning came Reuben showed no signs • of reason. Ishmael did all in his power; bnt he longed with a great longing for some one to come but he longed in vain. The day passed without anything worth noting, so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Beubsn was always worse at night, especially was ibis the case when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together,- alone. Reuben knew that he was carefully waited upon, bnt he did not recognise IshmaeL He took no interest in him, bnt the young man knew that, considering all things, Reuben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman, who had acted as Keuben'a housekeeper,had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more; he knew, too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not suitable. What conld he dop For, in spite of himself, a great hungering desire came into his heart to save Beaben. He knew not why, and yet at tames he felt as though he would gladly give his life for him. .Why was it? Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of Grace j and- yet this did not explain sufficiently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse,-and rejoics when he: was better ? Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his recovery ? Oh, if only some one would come f Why was it that he was left alone t The truth was that Bill did not get hack to Fraser with the cattle until the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned the fact of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days.' ' This news Eraser did not commnnic&te; to Bichard. -Roberts until two days after. When Bichard heard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as Mary had gone away to visit the neighbors mentioned in the Hast chapter, the farmer -did little but grumble at isbmael's absence, and wonder, when, day after day, be' did' not come. Still, he knew that Ishmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able to care for him self. Thus 1 shmael was left alone with Reuben, who, unaided by any human Bkili, and with only Mother Nature and common sense to help him, fought a dread disease. On the fifth day Ishmael realised that Reuben was better. H* was no loBger deli rious, but "he seemed like a child. He ap peared to recognise him, but it made no im pression on him. But Ishmael was not snr-' prised at this. Perhaps, another -day. his reason might become clear. And so, indeed, it proved. The young man, seeing his patient asleep in the afternoon, had gone oat for a few minutes; when he came back he saw that a great change had come about. A look of intelligence shone in his eyes, and he was evidently carefully connecting eveats. As Ishmael entered, .he looked np, half fearfully, half wonderingly. ''You axe Ishmael, Ishmael-Pengelly 1" he said excitedly ; "and you have nursed me to ilfef" " Yes," replied Ishmael-quietly, (To be Continued.) 