STAGELAND; Mr. Santley, the eminent baritone, is not only a fine singer, but he has also a considerable claim on artistic appreciation as a composer. A mass, an Ava Maria*, and several songs published in his own and assumed names, have been, from time to time, given to the world ; and quite recently, February 20, 189i, at the St. James's Hall, London, he produced, for the first time in public, a purely orchestral work, " A Cradle Song," which he conducted himself. The London DAILY NEWS in speaking of this parformance says : " This melodious, though unpretentious, littlo Berceuse is chiefly based upon a melody first given out by the muted violins, and after- wards repeated by the flute and violas. An epi- sode divides the opening from the repeat of the first section, and there is lastly a brief coda. The workmanship is simplicity itself, and of almost feminine grace and refinement ; but the piece is undeniably ! effective, and Mr. Santley, who wielded the baton with the confidence of a vete- ran, received a hearty recall." Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bellew have definitely decided not to visit Australia this year as was at first intendei. They proceed from India to China, and from thence to San Francisco, opening iü the Californian capital iu July. The rumor of a contemplated production of "Morocco Bound" in Australia appears to have more foundation in it than merely idle chatter. We understand that arrangements are being com- pleted in London for the translation of this suc- cessful comic opera to the antipodes, and already Mr. William Elton, whose lines have fallen on stony places since his return to England, has teen engaged for the part of Squire Higgins, played originally by Mr. Danby and afterwards by Mr. Grattan. The date of production in Mel- bourne will', it is understood, be early in June and the theatre the Bijou, while the Criterion will probably be its home in Sydney. On April 2 the remains of poor old "Jimmy Kitts" were interred in the General Cemetery, Melbourne. A number of floral tributes were sent by his many, professional and private friends, including a beautiful floral anchor from Miss Maggie Moore (Mrs. Williamson), also from other Theatre Royal friends, and Miss Dora Mostyn, of the Alexandria, contributed a lovely wreath. With Mr. Kitts has passed away another of the few remaining connecting links be teen the old and new schools of dramatic art, and his name will be associated with many of the most popular and celebrated artists that visited Australia during the e irlier days. . Messrs. J. Saville Smith and Hardy, whose names in Australia have been associated with a considerable number of failures, have it appears breasted the tide of misfortune, and have been lately sailing along in bmooih waters in India. The Loudon Lyric Company under their management was doing good business in Burmah when the mail left. News comes to Australia of the success of two old Sydney favorites in America In a letter from the States to Mr. Stirling Whyte, of Her Majesty's Theatre, from Mr. Harry Jewett, who is a native of New Zealand, and was for a number of years a leading member of Mr. R/gnold's company, the writer anticipates the most hopeful prospects for his future career, and records past successes which almost make one's mouth water. He has, he says, renounced all his old time care- lessness, and thrown himself heart and soul into his profession, in which he is already a recognised " star." Mr. Jewett also gives a most glowing account of the success achieved by Mr. A. R. Lawrence in Ibsen's " Ghosts," and announces that this sound actor and all round good fellow has been given a two years' engagement by Froh man of New York. They are both capable artists, and that good fortune may follow their future movements will be the wish of all who know them. C. Haddon Chambers (says the LONDON STAGE), called the new play that he has written for pro- duction at the Haymarket by Mr. Be^rbohm Tree, " Two Men and a Woman." This piece pro- bably will follow "The Talisman." But thiB perhaps is looking too far ahead, for " The Char- latan " has yet to be dealt with, and as it shows no signs of falling in public estimation, the chances are that it will continue to be played for some time to come, and this means that " The Talisman " and " Two Men and a Woman " will be compelled to wait. Was not " Two Men and a Woman " the play which Mrs. Langtry refused on account of the male characters being so strong ? " Utopia, Limited" was presented to New York playgoers on Easter Monday, with Mr. J. J. Dallas as King Paramonl. The opera will be played only in New York, where it will be seen and heard for a settled season. In a lawsuit recently brought by Miss Emily Brinsley Sheridan, in London, against Mr. Hart mont, a financial agent, to recover a claim for remuneration for having successfully brought about a negotiation between the defendant and Mr. W. S. Penley whereby the latter was to have advanced him the sum of ¿81000 so as to enable him to produce " Charley's Aunt, it transpired that Mr. Hartmont already had made about ¿£20,000 out of the transaction. Miss Violet Varley and Mr. Joseph Tapley, who have been engaged for some cons.derable time, are to be married at the end of the present month. It is understood that shortly after the happy event the musical pair will try their for- tunes in London, where Mr. Tapley already holds a good position as an operatic artist. 