^TijE, ULTIMATUM, OF' OAPTAJH ' FAGUS. / PUBLISUEO.}^ BY EKNESr GLANVIIiLB. .. .^Author.of uTho Lpsfc Holress,' 11 Tho .. v'.r. ?? Fossiolfcrs,' &o.y; &o;, , . tJoyy\ igte. . Durban, Port Natal, in 18/9 was o gay and 1 \- .fcstlVO tOWU,- ? V. v Tho hotels wero crammod with warriors, tl-o i . lodging-houses wero stuffed with beds almost to i bursting, and tho ycry gaol wasclcanod out by i . the whito- coatcd Zulu poltco fortho accomuioda | Itou of timid strangers.- If report is to bo 1 crcdikd, a very high official indeed took np his 1 \- , : feather bed, in that timo of scarcs, and Bought I f. . ? ? safety every night within tho thick walls of the t . ; piisou. v- ' Young oflicors, .campcd out on. the lawn of tlio Itoyal Hotel. All day long thero was tho click of ivory balls, tho genial popping of cham . pague corks, -tho clank of sabres and tho jinglo ' of spurs. Through tho drowsy nfternoans smart traps rolled out from tho . yard and went spinning through tho leafy roads of tho Berea, driven by military uomtcscrlpts, withlngh collars and waxod moustaches. . Ladies with sparkling oyes nnd hair of a palo yellow held court, and always had at bcck and call a string of gay oavalicrs. % Somo thrco weeks after Ultindi I sat on a verandah overlooking a widu court, whoroin a . horso dealer from Buenos Ayrc9 was entertain ing a crowd of idlers. Ho had a high-shouldered mustang, which ho had brought over as a specimen of the troopers ^ ho could supply, and was showing tho various uses to which his wonderful saddlo could be put. Suspended from cither end by a lariat, it mado a serviceable hummock ; spread out it served as a blanket or a table-cloth ; thrown over tho shoulder it bccamo a cloak; folded up it was again a saddlo. Hum ho made a cast with his lasso, and swung the bolus, a feat which ono of tho spectators attempted -with signal disaster to his own limbs. - ? , Divil tnko tho thing,' ho exclaimed as ho . endeavoured tountiehimsclf. 4,Won'tsomcono loose nio ?' ? . Kobcdy did, oil being too tired from laughter to help ; so ho spun himself round, and tho boliutj unwinding, dealt out hard knocks to tho helpless crowd. 'It's as I towld you,' ho said, 44l'ui good at this, aud what a lovely weapon t'would provo inafoight.' Skipping away from tho crowd ho dropped into a cono chair beside mo und offered mo a cigar, as though ho had known mo all his lifo. 14 Tho lazy boggars,' ho said, 11 they wanted stirring up, and I did it for them illigautly. I'm Captain Fagus of tho 44 Oirish Blower,' nnd am delighted to mako tho acqualutanco of a fellotf correspondent. You needn't inthroduco your self. I know who you aro. I just inquired of tho barman, and by tho same token I'm dbry.' He whistled to a waiter and called for two. whiskey squashes. ,* Captain Fogus was a good- looking fellow, with a smooth face, flexible mouth, and a pair of bright, merry, roving black eyes. I felt at homo with him at onco. ' I heard yo wero here mooning away liko a sick dog— excuse tho simile — and I straightway came along, for companionship's a moighty foino pick-me-up. Hoigho ! It's mcsclf that's in need of brightening.' He did not look it. In fact ho winked at a pretty coolio girl who went by with a dish of pine-apples. I remarked that he seemod cheerfuj ?euough. ? 0 Appearances nro deceptive. Whatudyo think if I towld yez I was in love ?' Ho looked at me seriously, 'Ay, that's tho truth. It's love that's killing me, with all it's distressful circumstances. But how was it with you in tho war ? Busiuess first an' pleasure after.' 1 We fell into a talk about tbo advauco of Ulumli, aud I10 lot mo into somo secrets of tho making of reputations. ; *- nI was with the crawling column on tho coast, but, bad luck to it, the divil a chance had I to distinguish myself ; but I tell you I made the best of my opportunities.' . ' IIow was that ?' 44 D'yo ecc, it was this wuy. 1 wroto scrappy . paragraphs for the Service papers, nnd always bound tho editor in return to say nomelhing i civil about' myself. ''Something liko this : 4 Wov aro glad to hear from Cuptain Fagus, that smart correspondent, that tho men iu Zululnnd aro in good health aud spirits.' Or this: * We hear from Cuptain Vagus, that excellent war.corrcs pondent, etc.' I would also writo letters to tbo ?Times/ with my full signature aud descrip tion.' 44 And how did that help ?'' ?V:: 11 How, indeed ? Excuse me, but you aro young. JWhy, peoplo'would say : * Who, in thuhder, is Captain Fagus ?' and, maybe, som$ clever knowull would reply : 'Oh ! dontcherknow he's the famous correspondent for tho 4 Oirish ? Blower.' ' Get yourself talked about, mo bhoy, nnd your fume is made, and if no ono else will do that service for you, do it yourself — often.' 44 That's simple, isn't it ?' ?'Maybe. .But it requires judgment, tact, and tho help ov an incident now and again. Thero 'me luck descried me. . What I wanted was an opportunity to win tho V.C. ; just one — ami beltevo nio, no one gavo mo tho ghost of a chance. At Ginginhiovo I was burning to mako a bould sortie from tho laager aud rescue somo wounded soldier*, but hang mo for a Fayuian if one ud oxposo himself. No, sir— ond that's tho truth.' So he rattled 011 until ho exhausted tho war nnd got down to tho record of town life, when ho returned to his love aifair. 44 I'm in lovo ; and it's deuced awkward that tho compluint should como on me when I'm about leaviug for tho ould couuthry. I'm just bursting to confide iu somo ono. I'll tell you all— -I will so. I mot her at tho tablo d'hoto at the inn down the street. Dark oyes, black hair, nnd ruby lips~tho Bweetc-st girl on earth. I surrendered 'at discretion— horso, foot, and artillery !' 4i-But she does not reciprooato ?' . 11 Think sho does.' « 44 Thon why these tears.' ? 'I'll tell ye, if ye'il givo mo a ehonce to got a word iii. Yu sec— though I say it meself — mo family in Oireland is tho first in tho laud, with more pride than acres. Tho questiou is, 4 Can I take her to my ancestral homo ?' Tell mo that now.' 4 Tin not competent to judge, not having seen the ludy and your ancestral homo.' '. 44 True for you ; but that's easy remedied. You know me, I represent mo family. Como *nd dino with mo and you'll know her.' ? ^ I. went off readily, heartily enjoying tho situa tion, and he, delighted to; Und a listener, fairly mibbled over with jovial confidences. 1 The long tablo, in tho comfortablo inn was irowded with a miscellaneous compauy — stolid Dutch farmers, cute speculators', army contrac tors. and two ladies. ? Tho' Captain sat opposite tho lattor, and kept np u running lire of florid compliments, directed it the younger lady, who had a certain bold bcauiy. ? After dinner wo smoked at cur ease under a trailing vine. '- 'Now, you cowld-blooded Saxon, say quickly what you think of her or Til stranglo you.' , 'She is a vorv charming girl, if I may say so.' . 14 Thanks. ^ I know you'd agree with mo. But Bay now, didn't you remark she was a thriflo ,^'cnk in her grammar? Clips her g's, you ?onderstaud, and doesn't do her duty by tho aspirates.' y ' Those aro trifling blemishes from a pretty ?mouth.' i% They would never bo overlooked at my an cestral homo,' he replied gloomily. - ' Now I'll tell you my plan. I've drawn upanultimatum.' ' A wlmt ?' 44 An ultimatum.' *? Ilo drew a sheet of foolscap from an ofllcial cnvclopo with a most seriousair. ^ *_4 Now you listen to this. I flatter myself it's .neat.:— . *44 Dear Sir — (that's her father) — Dear Sir : ' As yuu *ro. doubtless aware, I am ardently iu lovo with your charuiiug daughter, and it is tho , vfvsboi my heart, that she should become my wifn. »3ly family is the ohlust and the proudest iu IrctauJ, and my wifomusthavouo defects. My . iovo .for your daughter does not blind mo to tho fac-.tiittl.hcr education has not been witliout its. -.ydcfi f is— defecU whiclv aro inexcusable 111 this i r ; young lady. - She has a tcndcncy to drop hvh , Jx'5 and-5 Uwsg'n from tHo o^Uo«r, -lily fa-ftiiiy. could tor^ivo. anythifig Wfc that. NoW) m|-. dear «r, - I would : respectfully but . urgently propose that your daughter should boV J-lacod at onco m an .establishment for vouug 1 adics, whero sho would- bo perfected In tho - 1 ologatot.use of hor mothor tougue. and fitted 1 lor tho higUhnnour ot a union with ray family.' — Beliovo mo to bo, ko.t &0.0 ;? ? ^ -? vYou stately do uot intond to send that oxtra otdinary document to hor fathor P ' \ ? . 11 Thit's my intention. * It's only dao to mo familv.', . ? 41 wclU thon, Bond it io, and propato to loavo tho country in a hurry.' ?? 1 'D^o think ho'll tako olfenco ? But think of 1 tho houour of analliancQ withthoouldcst family i in Oireland. I'll chanco it, anyhow.^ v 1 . I left soon after for Uantzburg, and roturnfog at. tho ond of a week, I found tho gallant Captain seated on a log, tho intorcstod spectator of a duel between Indian gamecocks, both armod 1 with murderous blados. Thoir shackles stood i out liko onormous ruffles, tho long tail fenthors drooped, and the gleaming oyes flashed lfko flro. under tho fierco excitement of tho battle. They met together in mid-air, there was a scattering of feathors, a fierce thrust bomo, and ono of tho gallant - littlo biqls wns jrtrotched out on his back. ?. .. ?? ? 1 His owner, an oxcitod coolie, piokod hiih oih thrust a finger into tho gaptug \vouudk stitohea tho ends together, and placed tho bird asido,' whero it staggored to its feet, weak but valiant. . .'Hero yo see thoepitomoof war, 'said I?agus. '?Theso birds have uo real cause for enmity, thoy have no feathered harems to defend, or storos of golden grain, yot at command they rush tobaltlo. . Upon mo word when yo seo tho tragedy of glorious war played out iu a cockpit it makes you weep.' His merriment of a fow days bacthad given way to a fit of moralising. 44 How was it. with the ultimatum ?' I askod 'tx Och, bad.luck to it !' v 41 It did^not ahewdr, then ?' . . 4iItdidnot, The othorcoptraotjng Power did uot receive it m n proper spirit.' ' 41 Tho father dcolarcd warV I told ytu so.' 44 Did you, they? I would not have croditcd yon with so muchsenr-o. Ho dcclarod war to tbe kmfo. Turned out his lljht cavalry from tho Kennels, called out his'infuutry in tho ptraon of a ferocious Zulu stab]c*boy, and cairo out h'in self with a foerrol irrjpJcmcnt-Ahey call it u sjambok, I cxetuiU?u|a fnaslvly i^truaf-, leaving a portion of my rearafanvd in tho mouth of tho cavalry.' ? 44I can't say I'm sorrv for you. Yoyng ladies aro not to ho won by ultimatums.4' 41 And mo a member* of ono of tho ouhlost families in Oireland,' lioToxclaimhd tragically. 44 Oh, now, that father wa3 unreasonable. I » o said ho wanted no one to offor him impertinent advice about Ills daughter's education', and h-H had the blessed impud^nco to curso.me and my ancostrnl home. _ 'iwas then tho war broke oat, 'and my partiality for bananas and ripe lips received a cruel blow. Bee that pool of font water on the flat ? Wellj I went straight off there to drown mosolf and mo sorrows v.but thero was a prior claimant in the shape of a poor divil of a bloated dog, and so I thqu^bt better of itand drowned the ultimatum instead.' [The End.] ? 