VISIT, OJF THE BISHOP OF MEL ; /. . BOURNE. • • , • His Loi'dship the Rev. Dr.'Goe, the Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, who is at present making liis annual visit to this portion of the diocese, officiated in All Saints' yesterday morning. 'Inhere, was a large congregation. Rettie read the iessons, and. the incumbent, the Rev. J. Garlick, also assisted during th6 'service. The bishop.selected for.his text Acts, 1st chap . ter, 5th verse —" Ye shall be baptised with the j Holy Ghost not many days hence." :The preacher commented by narrating 'the circum- I stances under which Jesus Christ 'uttered those words to his disciples,, and referred to the Day oi Pentacost, which, he said, might be regarded ;as the -birthday of the ' Christian Church. He then proceded to- deal with his subject under three heads—Firstly, the effect of tha baptism of the Holy Ghost on the apostles ; secondly, its effect on those who heard the apostles speak; and thirdly, its effect on the societies of the Christian churches. Its effect on the apostles was to' make- the fqolish_ones wise, the cowardly ones bold, and enabled them to speak as with tongues of fire, while-the effect on their hearers was that they were , pricked'in the hearts and were compelled to cry out " What shall we do to be saved The effect on the societies of the Christian church was that they then had one doctrine of. the fellowship of souls. As they said in the creed, "I believe in. the Holy Catholic Church" —that is the universal church which is the body, of Christ and the Holy Ghost is the spirit of God which dwells in it. It was called the Holy Catholic Church to distinguish it from its .forerunner;— the Jewish Church. It was the 'universal church, and hence it must be a. msssionary ahurch. As God is omnipresent so wherever the Gospel is carried, into whichever part of the world it may be,- there the Holy Ghost if. Christ had said " L6 ! Iam with you always, even to,the end of the world." That should be an encouragement .to-' them as Christians to carry on the work of spreading the Gospel. .He \s'eis picuseu lu see Uiul a festival was i,o beiieid~ in this city shortly for the benefit of the'Bi'shop. of-Melbourne's, fund,, which was utilised for carrying on the work of the church in poor and sparsely populated portions of the colony. The choral service was given with that precision and finish which has:become associated1 with All Saints' choir. ; The splendid "Te Deum" and: ''Benedictus," together with the very expressive siDging of the hymns, and a composition by Mr. Chas. King "God so loved the World," sung by Miss Lily Jeffrey with great fervour.and de votional expression, made up an almost perfect choral- service, r , In the afternoon His Lordship administered the rites of confirmation to 106 persons, princi pally young people of both sexes from All Saints, St. Paul's, St. Peters (Eaglehawk), St. Mat thew's (Long Gully),* St. Mark's (Golden- square) and St. Luke's (White Hills). . The bishop was assistedin the service by the Revs. J. Garlick, N. Jones and C. Brewer, Mr; Oakes and Mr. Kent. His Lordship preached ah eloquent sermon ap propriate to the occasion, .and addressed, the confirmees, pointing out the importance of the step they were taking, and exhorting them to lead l'ighteous lives. The confirmees were then presented to the bishop in couples, and lie ad ministered the rites of the ordinance. The chucch was Crowded, to its utmost capacity, and deep interest was manifested in the proceedings. The choir rendered suitable selections of music very effectively, Mr.' Bryan presiding at the organ with his customary ability. 