77/a; FUNDAMENTAL fhus C1PLES OF RELIGION. Tub Rev. J. Egan continued his lectures on the above subject last Sunday week. Ho said the J cwish dispensation was necessarily imperfect, or else it bad never bngn super seded. It tvas subject to constant dis turbances and failings. A remedy was supplied for these by the prophets, holy men. who posse-sed an extraordinary mission, and j whom God sent when error had crept iuto His inheritance. But since prophecy must needs cease with fulfilment, some provision was icquisite to replace it in the new state, and to counteract the natural tendency of the human mind towards erior. This was accomplished iu a twofold manner, First, Christ, of whom the prophets were the type, took their place, assumed their ministry, promised to remain with His new kingdom and teach iu it till thu end of time. Second, tlie prophets were the organs of the Holy Ghost, and here the Holy Ghost comes down upon this uhurcli to guide her in all truth, thus ciisuiiug entire and perpetual preserva tion of the church from all error. iVe will proceed to the striking connection which exists between the two states, especially as to the preservation of the church from error. Among the many prophecies of tile old law I select two from Isiaas, 5-1 and 59 chapters. We see in them that the Church of God identified with the Jewish then existing is not to continue long in a state of abasement, hut that God will raise her up, extend her boundaries, and cause her to embrace ali the kingdoms of the world from east to west; that her teaching is to be as that coming from God; that ihe Lord of Hosts shall Himself teach in her, &c.;, &c.; Now this proves conclusively the connection between the old and new dispensation, as the latter is the continuation and prolongation of the former ; that the religion it established is taught by God himself. This being the case, we should naturally expect to find in the New Testament an institution which shou.d perfectly correspond to all the terms of this prediction. Where can such a tesimoiy lie found than iu the very words wherein Christ conveys to His apostles and their successors His own supreme authority. We find in 2Sth chapter of St. Matthew, where Christ called His apostles together and addressed them in most solemn language, and gave them their last and special charge. He begins by a reference to that supreme power He possesses as being the Son of God, equal in all things to His Father. “ Ail power is given to me in heaven and on earth. Go ye therefore .and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son. and _of the Holv Ghost..l eaching them to observe all tilings whatsoever I have commanded you. And behold ! 1 am with you all days, eveu to the consummation of the world.” What mean tiiese expressions “ I am with you.” The Catholic will say, here is a promise clearly giveu by Christ to assist this church eveu to the eud of time, and thus ensuring her against all error. Others will explain tnese words in quite a different sense. How, then, shall the real meaning be discovered—that which Christ intended ? Simply by analysing each part of the sentence, comparing passages of Scripture in which the same words occur applicable to the present ease. Christ says He 11 Will he ivith his apostles,”&c.; Now, God being with a person means a more special providence with regard to him than he shows towards others, a special watchful ness of God over that person's interests, so that he will inidlibly succeed in his uudor takings, This phrase always bears this meaning iu Scripture ; as in Genesis 2d, 22, Abimelich says to Abraham, “ God is with thee ill all thou doest.” Iu verse 24 God says to Isaic, “ Fear not, I am with thee.” Iu Genesis, 39th chapter, we read, "The Lord was with Joseph, and made all he did to prosper.” Iu St. John, chapter 3, Nico.it mus says to Christ, “ We know that Thou arc a teacher from God ; for no man cau do these signs thou doest unless God be with him. From these passages tlio clear ioterpietation is that Christ promised to wateli with peculiar care and solicitude over and exert h>s special providence in favor of His apostles, not limited to the lives of the apostles thus addressed, but to be continued through all successive ages and for all time in the persons of their successors. Iu the giving of ail commissions only the persons present are invested with the authority, which lias to descend to his or their successors. But what is tho extent and object of this peculiar watchfulness and assistance? If we examine Scripture we find that when God gives a commission of peculiar difficulty and from a human point of view, He assures them it cau and will be fulfilled by adding, “I will bo with thee/' which is equal to saying your success is assured, because I give iny special assistance for its fulfilment. In Genesis, 40th chapter, God speaks to Jacob, telling him ho must not fear to go down to Egypt sayiug, “I will go down with thee/' this being a guarantee that his descendants should be a great people, though their chances of this seemed at an end. In Exodus wo see Moacs told by God to go to Pharoah aud free hin pesple, a mission full of dangers and difficulties. Yet God assures his success, I saying “I will be with thee.” It'is, ergo, ■"not rnShto-eoncliule'that"wnenevn'r a com mission is given by God to accomplish what .is impossible by human means, He guarantees its complete success by adding •• I am with you,” and, ergo, we rightly coucludo that in tho passage iu question Christ promised to the apostles aud their successors for all time an especial and all-sufficient care capable of securing the full accomplishment of the commission given them—“ Go, teach all nations,” which comprises universality of teaching and governing. How far this onerous task exceeds the powers of 12 poor men; they, dull and illiterate, how can they—much less their successors in distant countries and ages — hop: to retain accurately and with unfailing authority all and everything Christ taught? “All things whatsoever I have commanded you.” Yet this has to bo fulfilled, und will be so infallibly, for Christ adds the words of certain sanction, “ Behold, I am with you.” Ergo, the Church has ever been, is and will continue for all time to he the universal instructor of all nations, and, ergo, her teaching will ever include “ all things ” whatsoever her Divine Founder commanded to be taught, to the exclusion of everything to the contrary. This commission includes all we might he prepared to expect. By the institution of a body of men to whom Christ gives security that they shall preserve His truths faithfully, by establishing his own permanent teaching instead of prophecy, for the prevention of all error entering in ; by tht3 kingdom lasting to the end of time, this is all tlie Catholic Church claims and holds as the basis aud foundation on which she builds her rule of faith. The successors of tlie apostles in the Chureli of Christ have received tlie security of God’s words and promises of a perpetual teaching aud exclu sion from all error in doctrine. In this promise assuring her to be tlie depository of all truth, preserved from all error, the Catholic Church lias tlio authority to claim from all nations submission to her guidance and instruction, 