on a Trip to the Holy Land and Iiomc, 1893. (BY REV. J. SHEBIDAN, P.P.) I nSIT TO THE SANTA CASA, OK HOLY HOUSE Of NAZARETH, AT IJOBKTO. Before entering on the particulars of my visit to Lore to, I shall first give a brief of the Holy House, in which Jesus, account 01 tn y fVnVt.i? imnra in Erv and Joseph lived some thirty years m Eroth. It was, as might he expected, a lin dwelling, consisting of two apart !Lts which adjoined a grotto cut m the 3y hill on which the village stood. The °tto still remains, but the house has fLneaW. It has not, however, been laid fn ruins and covered with the dust of Sea, as some of the mightiest structures f'd by man- It has been miraculously transferred from the East to the West, from £ land of the infidel to the present hallowed spot by the shores of the Adriatic, «here Christian piety has raised a temple fnr its protection not altogether unworthy of L gaored Relic. We may easily under stand the reason why, during the first ages nf the Church, this little house was the dWect of special veneration to the Christians 0f the East. About the year A.D. 71, when ihe victorious Eotnans laid low the whole Citv of Nazareth by plunder and massacre, the Holy House providentially escaped the general destruction and continued as the Ltre of attraction of the Christian world. When St. Helena, mother of Constantine, came to Nazareth, the sacred dwelling was .[ill preserved from the abomination of desolation which everywhere reigned sup reme throughout the East. She had a splendid and spacious Church erected around the Holy House, both for the accomodation offpilgrims, and protection of tho holy shrine. Over its portals were inscribed these words, «' This ts the wictiwy wherein were laid the first founda tions of our Redemption." _ This Church was for centuries crowded daily with a multitude of pilgrims. Saint Paula and Eustoohium came about the end of the {fourth centrury. Later on, St. John Damascene, St. Franois of Asaisi, Cardinal James de Vitry, Arch bishop of Jerusalem, and Sigefroy, Arch bishop of Mayence made a pilgrimage to this holy spot. Cardinal Vitry tells us " that on the feast of the Annunciation, in 1288 ho celebrated the holy mysteries in tho very abode where Mary was saluted by the angel." In 1252 on the same, day (25th March) King Louis _ of France received Holy Communion " in the sacred chamber of the Mother of God." In 1271, Edward, king of England, with. 7000 men rescued Nazareth from the Saracensat the point of the sword. But within the following twenty years the Christian power in the Holy Land was broken, and the Mussulman retains supreme sway from that time to the present. The knights templars fought bravely, but in vain, in that laststrug gle for the freedom of the Santa Gasa, and the holy places of Palestine/ They were conquered and the Holy House remained now at the mercy of the infidel. With tears of grief and sorrow of heart, the Christians again and again asked, " if God could wish the Turks to turn the Sanctionary of Nazareth into a Mahomedan . Mosque." But no! He would not suffer such a profanation of this lowly dwelling which appears destined to endure for all time as a monument of His humility in taking human flesh for our Bedemption. The Christian power may be entirely overthrown. Nazareth may be strewn with the bones of Christian warriors. The followers of the false prophet may profane all other Christian Ohurohes. But the OMNIPOTENT when He thinks fit, will place ^limits to the blind fury of those unbelievers. He knows best how to guard against its profanation and destruction, and has already decreed that the blows of the Mussulman's destructive axe shall never desecrate its walls, nor sacrilegious rites ever pro fano that sacred Sanctuary. Whilst consternation and sadness thus fillled every Catholic breast in Europe on hearing of the fall of the Christian power in Palestine; and whilst thousands are supplicating Heaven to preserve the Holy House from desecration, the victorious Moslems are on their way to Nazareth to complete the work of destruction left unfinished some 20 years before. But their journey is in vain. For at the dawn of day, May 10th, 1291, a day ever memorable in the annals of the Holy House, some wood-cutters on the Eastern shores of the Adriatic on reaching a mound which they had seen perfectly bare on the day previous, now beheld a small stone building. They could scarcely believe their eyes. But there it stood on the grass where there was nothing yesterday. All natnre was smiling, the birds were singing from tree to tree, but those awe-striken men stood in dumb amazement. From a belfry rising, above the roof they concluded it must be a Chapel, and, blessing them Belves devoutly, they ventured, to the door' and looked in. Opposite them was a stone altar, and over it a Greek cross with the figure of the crucifixion and the usual inscription. " Jesus of Nazareth King of the Jews." The mother of sorrows stood on one Bide and St. John on the other. A cedar imago of Mary Immaculate with the infant Saviour holding a golden sphere with his right hand was located on the righttfjide of the altar, whilst above it was the Angelical Salutation represented in various paintings. The news of this strange event passed quickly from one to another. The bishop, who was lying dangerously ill, felt at once an intense desire to see this singularly strange object, but was ut^'bfe to move. In his sleep that Bame night->our Lady appeared to him, and declared that the strange house was the very same in which she was born-the same wherein the mystery of the Incarnation took place, and where she had lived so long with Joseph and her divine son. "After my leaving this world," she said, " the ApoBtles consecrated this dwelling rendered great by Buoh high t»yste^ies, and they celebrated in it the August Saorifioe. The altar is the same that St. Peter conseorated. The crucifix was formerly placed there by the Apostles. The statue in oedar is an image of myself made by St. Lube, who pourtrayed my likeness. This house, so loved by Heaven, and so long honored in Galilee ha9 now departed from the town of Nazareth and come to.your shores. Do not doubt it, for the author of this work is God, to whom nothing is impossible, and that you may bo a witness and herald of these things receive thy restoration to health. Thy sudden recovery from so long an illness will produce faith in the miracle," The Bishop was cured and immediately went on foot to the sanctuary to thank his Benefactress and pro claim to his flock the incomparable dignity of the sacred building. .Crowds flocked to the sacred spot, miracles were multiplied. The Governor of the country on hearing of the extraordinary house hastened to the place where he found everything as it was related to him. He sent four commissioners to Nazareth to compare facts and make further inquiries. Before their departure exact measurements were taken of the length, breadth, and height of the house to gether with the thickness of the walls. The style of the building was noted and the nature of the material. On arrival in Nazareth they found all aa they anticipated. The dimensions perfectly agreed with those | they brought; the building was gone only recently, as the inhabitants of the place i admitted ; the date of its disappearance was | the same as that of the arrival with them in Dalmatia ; the material was the same; the I reddish sandstone which they saw in the strange house at Dalmatia was the same as i that now everywhere strewn about the streets and quarries of Nazareth. On their return home the Governor drew up a publio document which was signed on oath by the four deputies and enrolled in the ohanceries of several neighboring cities to answer as a testimony to all posterity. But the Holy House was not destined to abide long in Dalmatia. It disappeared as suddenly as it came, after the lapse of three years and a-half. The inhabitants were filled with grief fearing it was a chastise ment for their sins, or some irreverence towards the shrine. In memory of their j lost treasure they erected a new house on the ' same spot of exactly the same size, style | and shape. Only a column remains at the present day to mark the spot as the [ chapel has long Bince been destroyed. It appears that on the 10th of December, 11294, before .the dawn of morning, certain i shepherds observed a luminous body coming I rapidly over the sea. Its heavenly reful j gence filled them with awe and wonder. ! They gaze on it as it reaohes the shore and descends into the woods of Laureta. At day-break they pass through the lonely forest until on closer approach they behold the Holy House with altar, crucifix and | statue, exactly as it was seen in Dalmatia. Thousands crowd to the sacred place. The solitude of the forest began to resound with human voioes, and the sequestered spot among the trees became full of life and animation. St, Nicholas of Tolentine and a holy hermit of the neighbourhood had each a vision assuring him that the house in the grove of Laureta was indeed the Holy House of Nazareth. Pope Boni face instituted an inquiry into all miracles and circumstances connected with the translation. Sixteen of the chief men of Becanati were sent to Dalmatia and thence to Nazareth .in order to make all due inquiries and draw up a full statement of the result of their investigation. They did so, and their report was in substance the same as already sworn to by the four previous . deputies. _ This they solemnly attested on oath and*placed in the archives of Becanati. This forest, being remote and lonely and infested by robbers, proved to be a moBt undesirable spot for the poor pilgrims unless prepared to receive the crown of martyrdom as a reward of their heroic piety. Accordingly, after some eight months, another miracle is added to confirm the previous ones. On a morning of August, 1295, it left this wild forest and descended on a hill belonging to two brothers called Simon and Stephen Binaldi. Miracles were soon multiplied here as elsewhere. Crowds of pilgrims arrived daily and made rich offerings to the shrine. The brothers saw there wa3 a prospect of a good business out of all this concourse of people from every corner of Europe. Misunderstandings arose between them, followed by a quarrel which well nigh ended in murder. It was, then, not much to be wondered at that the Holy House, loathing the hill of those avaricious brothers, removed to its present site on the publio highway leading to Beoanati. On a certain morning in December, 1295, when the Binaldis got up they found to their vexation and disappointment that the object of their disputes had.teft them, unwilling, as it were, any longer to remain an obstacle to that fraternal charity which should never have been dissolved. In the year 1296 Charles II, King of Naples, wrote to a holy hermit who lived in the vicinity of Bicanati asking for an exact account of the translation of the Santa Casa and of the alleged miracles which were every day reported. The hermit in a long letter to the king confirmed the truth of the reports from what he had seen with his own eyes. At the same time he testified as an ocular witness to the reality of the miracles said to have been performed day after day on the sacred spot. In the year 1800, according to the customs of the times, there was an immense concourse of people in Bome for the General Jubilee or plenary indulgence granted by the Popes at the olose of every century; The whole oity could" not accommodate them. Having gained the jubilee, they regarded a visit to Loreto as the climax of their aspirations and completion of their earthly happiness. Poi; they longed to behold those sacred walls within which Mary lived with Jesus, and with Joseph. They longed to pray within that hallowed chamber, where Mary prayed-Gabriel spoke-the Spirit of God descended, and the Word took flesh. About tfie middle of the fifteenth century Pope Paul II laid the foundations of a new Church to surrround the Santa Cana. In his Efull of the 10th October, 1464, he deolares it " evident from experience that the Ohuroh Loreto by the extraordinary miracles wrought therein through the prayers of the Blessed Virgin and of which he himself had experience, draws to that enclosure persons from all parts of the world." This Church, a memorial of the Pope's gratitude and devotion to the Blessed Virgin for a miracle wrought in his favor, was subsequently enriched and beautified by other Popes as well as by crowds of pilgrims from all parts of Europe. Leo X surrounded the Holy House with its present casing of white marble on which the greatest artists of the age lavished their utmost ingenuity and artistic skill. During many years of my_ life most an xiously have I desired to visit this Holy House I heard and read so much, about. Accordingly I determined that I Bhould not return to Australia until I saw with my own eyes the hallowed chamber wherein the annunciation took place, and the divine Word was made flesh. I left Rome by the 10-15 p.m. train on March 15th, (Sunday night) arriving at Loreto by 9 o'clock next morning. As soon as possible I passed up the grand piazza, flanked by the Apostolical Palace and several religious institutions. Before me, over the main entrance were these words, " Deiparac domus in qua vcrium caro factum est "-" House of the Mother of God, in which the- Word was made flesh." I entered, and without waiting to admire the interior decorations of the Basilica, paid my visit to this the Holiest House on earth, encased in marble and standing direotly underneath the dome. Having obtained the requisite permission to celebrate mass in the Hallowed Chamber I could not help feeling a thrill of dread and trembling on approaching the steps where I read these words on the front of the altar : " Here the Word was made flesh and dwelt amongst us"-when I thought that I was in the very same chamber where the Angel Gabriel announced to Mary that she was to become the mother of the World's Saviour; the very same place where he first addressed to her the words of that beautiful Salutation : " Hail full of grace the Lord is with thee ; Behold thou shalt conceive in thy womb and thou shalt bring forth a son and thou shalt call his name Jesus. He shall be great and shall be called the son of the Most High. The Holy Ghost Bhall descend upon thee and the power of the Most High shall over shadow thee, and therefore the Holy One born of thee shall be called the Son of j God." Words could not express my feel ings on recollecting that I was on the spot where this same Virgin was conceived without sin-where she was born and lived under the holy guardianship of her dear mother St. Anne; when I thought that behind that screen Jesus dwelt and prayed and held communion with His eternal Father and by His divine presence made this little cottage home a second Heaven ; when I thought that Mary ministered to Jesus in his ohildhood, youth and manhood in this same spot; when I thought of their heavenly conversations-how she loved to speak to Jesus, and how in return He reciprocated that sweet virgin love of His mother. I thought that such . a home as this can only envy Paradise, and that my whole surroundings were impreg nated with a heavenly perfume. For I felt that it was holier than even the Basilica of St. Peter (prinoe of the Apostles), and that from the WesJ; where the' sun goes down to the East where he rises out of the waters there was no place more holy than this. This little house of God, or Oabin, as we should call it in Ireland, is only 31Jft. long by lSJft wide, and 18fft high. It never had the comfort of a chimney to draw off the smoke. As a consequence the only means of escape was by the door. The walls are quite" black, as may be naturally expected, and present that poverty-stricken look which can only* be met with in the huts or wretched hovels of the poorest class in the Old Country-a striking con trast with the palatial mansions of the rich and mighty ones of this world! Behind the altar are the cooking utensils used by the Holy family, and within the present High Altar is enclosed the Apostles Altar blessed by St. Peter. It is calculated that over two hundred millions of pilgrims^ have visited "this house of Annunciation during the past 600 years, whilst miracles without number have been wrought for the relief and consolation of the faithful and devout clients of the Virgin Maid of Nazareth. In conclusion I may add that the spirit that questions all miracles-even the very existence of the supernatural will also question or reject this miracle. Docility of faith, however, will accept the sanction of the Ohurch as quite sufficient reason to believe in the miraculous translation of the Holy House, and give glory to God for thus honoring the earthy habitation of His Immaculate mother and her divine son. (To be Continued.) 