MISCELLANEOUS NOTES. If celery were eaten freely sufferers from rheumatism would be comparatively few. It is a mistaken idea that cold and damp pro duce the disease — they simply develop it. Acid bloed is the primary and sustaining cause. If celery is eaten largely an alkaline blood is the result, and where this exists there can be neither rheumatism nor gout. It should be eaten cooked. Eggs will sometimes hatch that have been laid two months or longer, but it is not best to set eggs that have been laid more than a fortnight. Fresh eggs, as a rule, hatch out more evenly and in good time, and produce strong and lively chickens.Eggs that have been laid long hatch later, and the chickB are often too weak to break the shell. It is not a good plan to keep a hen on her nest after the chicks first hatched are ready to come off for the possible chance of getting one or two more of the eggs yet unhatched, fer if successful, the late-comers will be at a disadvantage with the others( and are more likely to die than to be raised' Concerning the remedial value of butter mjlk, it is of so much worth that it has gained a place in the materia medica, and is prescribed by physicians for chest and lung ailments, and in most forms of kidney troubles. An exclusive buttermilk diet has seemed to bring about a cure in many canes of Brighfs disease. A proper and constant use of it will greatly reduce, and some times cure, the craving for alcoholic liquors with which many pereocs are afflicted. The cravingmaybe satisfied, and thesysteinbene fited and strengthened instead of weakened. Buttermilkalone will often remedy acidity of the stomach. Thelacticacidneededin many eases is supplied by it much more than by any other drink or food. It is said to all e viate the oppression about the heart that so many old people suffer from, and it should be constantly drunk by them. It is also to a certain extent a stimulant for the entire system— just what the aged need. ' Drying cows off: — Dairyman, Bairnsdale. — Difference of opinion exists in regard to the time cows should become dry before calving, seme contending that they may be milked almost to the time of calving with out injury, while others maintain that it is absolutely necessary they should be dried at least two months before, both for the advantage of themselves and their calves. This, however, depends upon the manner in whioh they are kept. If they are kept in high condition it will be an advantage to milk them to within a month of calving, but when they are only kept in moderate condition they should have at least two months in which to recruit their strength. Taking into account that nothing on the farm gives a better all round return than properly carried out pig raising, either for stores or as fat stock, it is difficult to under stand why there should be so much indiffer ence to making it a distinctly recognised branch of his industry on the part of the average Australian farmer. An * nglish visitor to Chicago observes that ' probably we have seen equal exhibitions of horses, cattle and sheep, butthepige far exceeded anything seen in the United Kingdom,' and the Chicago Breeders' Qazcttethw refers to the same subject :—' Where hogs are, there is mixed husbandry most profitably pursued. As a wealth creator the hog has scarcely a rival among the animal kind. His grunt of contentment hints of the jingle of golden dollars, fie pays the rant, taxes and interest. As interest coupon cancellors, litters have no equal. As prin cipal payers, porkers have made the record.' Perhaps it may not be generally knowii' says a writer in the Gardeners' Chronicle, that seaweed is good manure for pear and apple trees. I have used it for soae years with success, and was acquainted with a gardener who applied seaweed every year to his grape vineB, whioh bore heavy crops of grapes. The weed has the best ? ffect when it is laid on the soil in the beginning of autumn, *hat is left in the spring being dug in. The accuracy of the following statement can be tested by those of our readers (says the Louisville Journal) who grow sweet peas and are troubled with flies :— ' Come inside a minute,' said a Fourth-aveane dealer in pianos, yesterday afternoon. 'I have dis covered the greatest fly trap on earth and I want to show it to you.' He lei the way to an instrument at the rear of the store on whioh was a newspaper. On the paper had been placed a bunch of peas. At least a thousand dead flies were lying on the paper in the immediate vicinity of the bunch of flowers. 'I throw these here by chance,' he continued,' and in about ten minutes I noticed that every fly that alighted on the flowers died in a very short time.' Even as he spoke a number of the insects which had stopped to suck the deadly sweet had toppled over dead. They alighted with their usual buzz, stopped momentarily, quivered in their legs, napped their wings weakly several times, and then gave up the ghost.' The following is stated to be a good plan for curing bacon :— To every 20 lb. of pork allow 14 lb. of the best salt, £ oz. of saltpetre, 2 oz. of bay salt, and 1 lb. of raw sugar; pound ingredients well and mix throughly ; put a layer of the mixture at the bottom oi! the trough ; rub each piece well with tho mixture, and lay it flat on the layer of Bait ; cover each piece with the mixture, have it wooden lii that will slip down the Bides of the pickling trough, pressing it down wiili weights, turn and rub the bacon every day for ten days, putting the top piece at the bottom of the trough, each piece being rubbed separately; after the ten days, do eo every other day for three weeks. Then hang it up to dry in a, good airy jlace, to prepare for being smoked. To keep it, after it is smoked, free from rust and dies, get a sack of corn lnieks from the mill, put a layer at the bottom of a large deep pack ing case, place the bacon on the layer of corn husks and so on until the box is full, with a layer of the husks to finish with. Put on the lid, and take care that the mice and rats do not get into the box; it is a good plan to stand the box on a row of bricks, the air can then circulate, and it can be seen whether the mice are at work trying to get into the box. Hen manurecontains about 1'7& per cent' nitrogen, 1*76 of phosphoric acid, and 685 per cent, of potash. 