A BilRClftR FRIGHTEHED BY k BHOSf. 'The Tramp' reports:— A rather sensa tional occurrence took plaoe at the house of Mr John Woodberry, jun-, Whlttfoord Hills, at 2 a.m. on Sunday last Mrs Woodberry, hearing some noise In the kitchen, arose without waking her husband, and went down the hall to the door cf the pantry, where, ; to her astonishment, she confronted a mao, who wai evidently of a superstitious turn, for on beholding tbe figure in white ap proach him he threw up his hands, and stood as if petrified, until Mrs Woodberry wards her bedroom, but, tripping, fell, when the marauder, realising that he had more to fear from the living than the dead, jumped over the prostrate form of MrsWoodbcrry,and rnshed into a servant's room, whioh was un occupied. Mr Woodberry, being awakened by his wife's screams, hurried to her assist ance, and, learning that a burglar was In tbe house, entered the servant's room jast in time to see the man esoape through the window. Mr Woodberry, although only ; clothed in a costume mare airy than ele- : gant, pluokily gave chase across the yard, and wonld, he thinks, have succeeded in effecting a capture had he not tripped and fallen. The man thus escaped, but not before he had called out to bis pursuer, ' Keep bsck, or I will shoot you.' Mrs Woodberry, who, considering the fright which she bad re ceived in the first instance, showed herself a true oiue, ana joinea ner nusoana in tne yard— in fact, she was close behind him in the chase— and other inmates of the house having by this time beea aroused, an ex amination of the premises was made, when a swag comprising a roast of beef and other edibles was feund tied up in the pantry, some eggs, however, being the only things missing. At daylight the matter was re ported to Oonstable Beams, who, before noon on the. same day, made a clever cap ture of a notorious character named George Smith, who, in oompany with two others, j was known to have been camped near Mr Woodberry's on tbe previous night. The n&n; whnn atwiM had an a. pair of misfitting old boots, which one of his mates bad obtained from a Mr Aylett on Banday morning, and, as a pair of boots were found near the window through which the burglar bad entered Mr Woodbery's house, there can be but little doubt but that the right man was arrested, and some surprise was expressed yesterday when the local police only preferred tbo minor charge of being on the premises lor some unlawtul purpose against Bmitb, who pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Mrs Woodberry, I am happy to say, ao far recovered from the fright as to be able to now enjoy the jske ol being mistaken for a ghost. 