THE LAST FIGHT IN ARMOR. The constant attempts which are being made in our day to find protection for m eQ against the deadly modern rifl s s lend interest to the account of what was probably the last appearance in the field of men in armor. In January, 1799, a party of eome 400 French held the town of Aquila, in tbe Abrrzzo, a town defended by wails, and having a small weak fort. Although tbe inhabitants of tbe town were well disposed towards the French, the peasantry, as in Spain, were most hostile, and when Championnet, with most of the French forces at Rome, had marched on Naples, they at o&ce; rose in insurrection, and attacked the party holding Aqnila. Oa January 15 tbe insurgents suddenly penetrated into the town, though they were BOOU driven out again ; but in March tbey got parties into the town during the night, and drove the French into the fort. The band of peasants united for the attack amounted to some 10,COO or 12 000 men ; and, barricading tbe streets, and making loopholes in tbe walls of the houses, they soon made a line of defence which the French could not penetrate. Oa the other hand, work as the insurgents might, they had no artiliery, and tbe guns of the fort prevented any assault. Thus, secure behind their walls, the garrison remained for eome time in quiet. On the glacis In front of the fort, and exposed to the fire of both sides, lay 12 iron guns on skidding, or pieces of wood, which the F-ench had not bad time to biing into the fort. Without carriages they seemed safe, and tbe only precaution taken was to keep two cf the guns of the fort, loaded with grape, laid on them during each night, with a gunntr ready to fire on hearing the noise any attempt to move the piece would occasion. Oae night, the gunner on tu-rd, hearing a noise near tbe guns, fired one of his pitC&P;, but the sound continued. The < ffbur of tbe artillery ran to the spot and agiin fired ; yet still the souud did not cease, though It seemed to get further cff. Nothing could be done but to wait for daylight,and then it was seen tbet the insurgent had placed a capstan in a house near the guns, and then bad led a rope from it to make fast to tbe breech and to tbe t>unnlons of one of.tbe coveted gnu < of the glacis. Round went the capstan and tbe gun obeyed the rope 8t first, but its breech, draggiug along the ground without rollers under it, soon made a furrow which became eo deep as to'stop its movements after the insurgents had got it some ten paces nearer them. It was a clever trick, but done by a man not learned in artillery matters, for had the gun been arranged for parbuckling (t e tolling) the work should have been made easy enough. However, the French, looking anxiously over their parapets, were as much pczz'ed what to do as the besiegers. First, they turned their guns on the house to which the rope passed, and when they had smashed its wall, they saw the capstan had been placed in a cellar, and tbat for the present at least the fallen wall made it useless. A great part of the life of an artillery Gfficer is spent in making or checking inventories of tbe stores in the magt z nea in his charge, a large proportion of which are generally obsolete oddities,. most useful to some 'ormer generation whose wars have long ended, but becoming more and more formidable puzzles to succeeding military generations each year they lie in store. Boulart, tbe i fiber of artillery, ransacking bis brains for the means of sending out men to spike the guns on the gUc's, under the fire of the insurgents from tbe neighbouring bouses, Buddenly remembered he had seen in his magazines some suits of plate armour, and he proposed to try whether, protected by them, men could not sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got together 12 complete suits, and dressed out 12 gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting big men, be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and from thence and from tbe fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the linos of the insurgents. Then out marched the 12 knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of mind when he complained he had not proved his armour. The men carried hand- spikes, hammers, and 6pikes. Moving naturally, slowly, and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, B iil they succeeded In completing their work ander a hail of ballets from the insurgents. The scene is described, as we oan well believ to have been most remarkable, and to have had something plcturefque and also diabolical about it. AH the mailed figures moved in Bllence amongst the guns, their handspikes looking like maces} tbeir silence ai d tbe slowntss of their action spetnrd nnnatural under the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents w»*re believed to have thought hell itBelf had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age ; while the French on the rampaTts, true to tbeir nature, the first moment ot anxiety over, burst into roan of laughter. Not only did the men succeed in spiking the guns, but they even went as far as the bouse where the capstan had been placed, cut the rope and brought it into the fort. Then they returned in triumph, for though they had been struck many times, yet only one man bad been wounded in his arm, and that because the piece of the armor, the brassart, which'ahonld have proticted the limb, had been wrongly fastened, and had fallen off. After this the siege became a mere blockade until March 23, when a relieving force arrived, and the Insurgents, taken between them »nd tha gatrlion. wep driven cff. 