NEW NOVELS. Miss Iza Duffua Hardy's new novel, A New Othello (London : Jarrold and Sons ; Mel bourne : Melville, Mullen, and Slade), teaches a double moral—one, which is tolerably ob vious, that serious mischief may result from making love to another man's wife, and the other, that a professional mesmerist should not be received into a respectable family with out strict inquiries being made into his ante cedents. The title of the book is not a very happy one, as, apart from the comparison it suggests, it can hardly be said that jealousy is the chief motive which leads to the tragic results. Dr. Fitzallan does indeed become jealous of the attentions paid to his wife by Bay Percival, but this feeling is quite secondary to bis fear that his identity may be discovered by Ray's kinsman, Geoffrey Carresford. The characters are mostly of the conventional kind. There is a villain of the deepest dye, a cold, calculating scoundrel, who shrinks from no wickedness in carrying out his purpose. There are a couple of young English gentlemen, honest, straightforward, and affectionate, who are, of course, no match for the villain. There are three or four nice girls of the ububI type, and there is the Amerioali lady, outwardly cold and statueB que, but capable of strong emotions if only someone can be fopnd to arouse them in her. The chief interest and novelty of the story lie in the plot and the in cidents, and more particularly in the manner in which the mesmerist uses his influence to accomplish his evil designs. Hypnotism has been often turned to good account by the novelist, but it is capable of an almost in finite variety of treatment, and has doubtless a great future before it as a useful agent for the writer of fiction. The wonderful and mysterious Bide of mesmerism is not brought out by Miss Hardy as it has been by some of her predecessors. In her hands it is simply a matter of fact means by which a certain end is to be attained. It is merely an ordinary instrument of crime, like poison, the re volver, or the knife. There is there fore nothing impressive or awe - in spiring in her treatment of the sub ject As a tale of real life and passion, A New Othello does not fulfil the promise of its title, but as a sensation novel it is not with out merit, though some of the improbabilities are too great even for this class of fiction. Perhaps the best told and most natural inci dent in the book is the voyage of Mrs. Fitz allan and Ray Percival to America, though even here the writer has to call in the aid of a raging lunatic to solve the difficulties of the situation. The success of the " Pseudonym Library " has induced Mr. T. Fisher Unwin to start a similar series of stories and novelettes to be called the " Autonym Library." Instead of being anonymous, however, these will he by well-known writers, whose autograph will be given on the title page. The opening volume of the series consists of two stories by Mr. F. Marion Crawford. The first is a weird and gruesome narrative entitled "The Upper Berth." Haunted houses are common enough in fiction, but as far as we remember this is the first occasion on which we have been introduced to a haunted ship. The ghost described by Brisbane, the narrator, is, in deed, a fearful being, and the story, which is told in Mr. Crawford's most graphic manner, is not one that should be read just before bedtime. The other tale, " By the Waters of Paradise," is a pleasant and genial story, with just enough of shadow and mystery in the earlier part to excite a strong interest in what is to follow. Lord Cairngorm's pro posal to a young lady, to whom he has been introduced only half an hour previously, is rather startling, but not altogether im probable considering the circumstances under which he has met her. The pre cedent is not one that should generally be followed, although in this case every thing turned out as well as could be wished. The keynote of the story is clearly struck in the following passage:—"Whatever heaven may be there is no earthly paradise without woman, nor is there anywhere a place so desolate, so dreary, so unutterably miserable that a woman cannot make it seem heaven to the man she loves and who loves her." If Mr. Unwin can keep up the standard of excellence reached in the opening volume of the series, the Autonym Library should be as successful as its predecessor. 