LILYDALE PfiKBHK^d*®: AHHIYERSiBY. | Another anniveraary occasi(iris, tlie W t S ^ ^ ^ f t ^ f C factory. Two services were held| 19 tUe ; churcli on Sunday week and ' conducted by tlie Rev. R. Gordon, of Bri«bt.»n. At the morning deit the rev. gentleman aermott to a large and Mr { O'jfrdim agaiS, occU^eBTiig ||>ulpit, in the evening, ^eng.theTre^^pnothrt Jargte assemblage present, including many from* other churches. The rev. gentleman t»ok' his text from the 3rd chapter ol; Titus,': 5th verse : " Not by works of righteousness which we have done, but according to His mercy HeS&i;%d us, by the washing of regeneration,-,lapa renewing bf the Holy Ghost." ^he^ preacher remarked 1 that it had been'-fus- intention tojpretafehf a sermou especially to young men,,bnt*he thought afterwards that it would hardly be an appropriate subject for an anniversary-^ He would, therefore, call the attention ofhis hearers to the words in the verse lie had just read, viz., " But according to His tnercy He saved us." The mercies of God. said the speaker, is a great and, glorious theme tor contemplation. We are all defjendentjujson iW mercy of God for our existence. If we were about to travel a dangerous aud an unknown rood how accessary it would be to have sotue one who knew all about the road Ui guide ua. It in, therefore, necessary "that we should hare someone $o> guide us to Heaven. We also require sustaining mercy, and the mercy of God never fails ; the banks of Heaven never suspend this precious gift. What a blessing that mercy is free. The mercy of God did not cease when a person came to the valley aud shadow of death. It is not the magnitude of cur sins that need keep us out of Heaven. Self righteousness, however, will never save a man. There were, he thought, too many of this class of worshippers in the church to-day. It was his duty to warn such people that there is only one way by which a man can get to Heaven, and that was by liviug a holy aud consistent life of faith on the Son of God. He would ask how many present were seeking to live such a sublime live ? Why, he would ask again, remain outside of the circle of God's childreu while this mercy is so easy of access l " Whosoever will may come and drink of the water of life freely." The Sabbath school teacher and the minister became somewhat cast down at times in consequence of the apparent futility of their labors, but it was God's sustaining mercy that enabled them to persevere aud hope for some practical demonstration as the result of their labors. He was reminded of a Welsh minister of his acquaintance who, after preaching for some considerable time to his congregation without any visible sigu of success, was eventually rewarded by seeiug the whole congregation stirred up and many crying out " God be merciful to me a sinner." The rev. gentleman concluded an earnest address by exhorting unbelievers to get saved. The choir, under the able leadership of Mr 8. M'Nab, sang several suitable hymns aud chants in a highly creditable mauuer. Dr. Norris presided at the organ at the morning service, aud Mrs H. C. White in the eveuiug. 