FH30PM3 SAY— 'fhoi'Grottv labor vote,.'.'-.. And each ooet tries to torn it. To his own side, bnfc note. That Crick will resign and bo 01- Sl.l?. Tcnife cxultemus Domino. That the Premier has put the 41 Shatndieago" upon Sunday bIiowb. Thist tho tt-J.u;scr in the cricket iaatch Sartors v. Tonsorjs-wilJ bare to play tiioSutoK. :?;' v- v .-.- .-.;?-. ?-. *? ? That a recent caso 211 Xewcsstlelias sliov/ii ths.t " biind-rariii-toggiug" js r. inor.t rcn>i2Dcrr<*ivc JuiJustrj , -. Sbirfc lasuy . afb, nugling ...for ? tbe- Greta labor vote: Sut tho sneeessnJ. fishermnn lias Tot to coibp. Tljat in Nevrcastlo they are dissiiss ing the question o£ " liquid faei." Does this mean...".localwhisky ?'" That blessed .is he who docs not expect tho .. Greta Ir.lsor voto, for assuredly ho sliall not be disappointed. Hiat tliijy TTOuld lifco to know how mueb Jack Ivortoa will tako for the £700 a'jury said Crick must pay him. That some people ore in doubt ?whether. an ordinary M.P. drunlr, is not preferable to.'Xlindle, Kober. That the data at Oakliampton is finished, so tbo 3raitlr.nd pcopJo had we oarselves may esnecfc nuother flood Boon.- .. ? . .Thhi, aceo-tUog .£0 Ilindlc, 31.P., Copoisnd, 31.1*., has turned orcr a Bew loaf' and refuses to tr.sie my liquor. -??-?.. That some people arc enquiring whether electors' rights xvill not bo presently iUeuti?il .with electors' ?wrongs.. " That thotigh it vrill bo some years before v.o liavo a rca! good timo witli us ag.iiis, tiling;) nro on the jneiid cvcrTK'iere. That Sydney made caudles arc down to 3id per Ib. This is' a hint,for municipalities where, the gas is lioi satisfr.ctorj-. That they do not want to frighten anyone, but the great ilood last year ?was preceded by terrible iioods in Queensland. That according to one temperance member of Parliament it is impossible to tell if a man is drunk when ho is sitting down. That as ono effect of tlac Bank 2fotcs Act, tramps now aa'c for help to get to Sydney iv order to got gold for a £1 note. That dead ilic3 eauso the ointment of the- apothecary to stink, and a dead bullock has caused tho Murrurandi Times to mourn. That they wish 3Mr Wraggo would predict fine weather, or that, whoa ho predicts bad weather, be would turn out to be wrong. That Sir George Dibbs seems quito proud that Lord Jersey writes him chatty letters. Nest thing ib will bo " mo and Jersey." That in the death of 3lr Johnson, TTnder-Secretary for the Department ox Public Instruction, the teachers \ have lest their best friend. : That UassJa has a deficit ot i £13,000,000 this year. And she is ! without Dibbs. This is trae in more j senses thnn one. D'ye See ? j That anyone who scllg tobacco with- I ouS a Heenss had better look out. 1 Boveuue officers on a tour of insnec- } tion may ba esgeeied any <iay. "" | That PaTkos promises to enter into ! the turmoil of tljo general election | with reacwcl vigor. This will mean j a lively time for Dibits aad Co. j Taat fcho Slaitland paper thinks Dr. j licnvj-ick ought to ba knighted. But surely Gillies, M.P., need only say the word and the job can bo done. That the illumination of I'anchbowl bridge is troubling a couplo of Sydney suburban municipalities. Bat the punchbowl itself many more. That "Jtbrthumberlaud (England) has set an example to Hforthumberiaiid (2f.S.'W.) in forming a board o£ con ciliation as between inine owners and miners. That they have caught a ghost who threw stones at AdntJistovru, and he will have to apologisa or appear at a police court. Tfai3 is a hint for iTr Stead. ? . That, tho Clsief Justice ot Victoria bel3eve3 ia boxing. He has not said, jbowever, oa what ternis he is pre pared to meet any other Australia:! Chief Justice. That Sir "Wilfred Lawson, cow ha has started, ought to iind out why 3layor IManising, ot Sydney, was knighted and Mayors Harjris and Banlekin.were not. That there is a man in Bristol who painta .with his mouth. There is nothing", iii this; there are plenty of women tvhp, if they chose, could paint men with;theirlips. That tho dovern?jent are going to send a representative to tho Canadian Conference.. ? If they would only send themselves" in a body a little further the country would be well pleased.- ' That tho -Jluswellbrook Chronicle is getting giddy. It says "alcohol re lieves pain" and " you should never drink water." There is a. candor about this rare as it ia refreshing. That Melville, M.P., and Broken hill Sleath are to fight (with their tongues) to a finish in Lambton Park on Saturday. Both men. have plenty of wind, so a closo contest may bo anticipated. That the Inrerell -?£ rt/us announces that a reverend gentleman is to preach there on a Sunday, and also states positively that " the circus is worth seeing." ? There is a smack of irre verence about this. Xhat according to tho Tenterfield Star a banquet there came off vtiih eclat. It must have done so, because an after dinner speaker is reported to have said lc roist ct mart. He was probably alluding to the cold roast beef. " That someone lias advised tlio Premier .to seize the first Dutch ship that comes into Port Jackson, and Isold her until compensation is paid in the Costa 3t:ca Packet case. This should be just tlio stylo of thing to suit Dibha. 