MR. SALA'S REMINISCENCES. Mr. Sala'n latest: book, which is In two volumes, though u book about himself, is not his autobiography. Ho is writing the auto biography, ami he hopes that it will soon bo ready for publication. Things I .Have Seen and 1 topic I Ilavc Known (Cassell), tho rather awkward titlo of tho prosent work, Is a more foretaste. It onhnuoes our expectations of what is to come. If Mr. Sala can afford to give this as a sort of Iciokshaw, what must the banquet ho ? Hii mere catalogue of things scon extends from tlio period of Louis «Phillippo to our own day, lie has kuowu Soult, Thiers, Guizot, Lamartinc, He has witnessed tlireo revolt! tions in tho French capital. He was at the storming of Pueblo, and was personally ac quainted with Lincoln and with most of the public men of America of the era of tho civil war. Ho has boon patted on the head by tho great Duke of -Wellington.' - It seems almost necessary to say that lie never saw Queen Anne. As for royal marriages, coronations, process ions, funerals and ordinary, hccucb of travel that have come within his range of vision, it is impossible to enumerate thorn. Ho has eaten tho turtle of "25 Lord Mayors," and ho has Been, TttgUoni, KlUler, Oerrito'&nd; Duvernny dance—which must Iinvn tinnii mnnli tunru nmtia. mg, His book is all gOHsipafter his-manner, but gossip iu which the personal note is relieved from vanity by its association with public oharnc tera and public events. It is rarely, if ever, purely egotistical. Thus, when Mr. Salo lias to defend himself from tho charges of having -a good memory, he gossips about his library of reference in a way that is useful as well as entertaining. Indeed, ho might do worse, when ho lias finished tho autobiography, thau give us ft careful littlo trcatiso 'on commonplace books and on tho art of reforonce which, as a working jourimlmt, dealing with nil things under tho sun, no must understand hotter thau most specialists, inko tho man in tho play, Mr. Sola has had to imow ' whoro to get it" iu regard to almost every faot, Incident and nneodoto of general In- went : in tho world of print. IIo 1ms 2000 books of reference in Ids study. AVo. aro surprised to Jaarn that ho hoe no more. He certainly makos 4iVeiX«?? iom todk - Tho list cxtondsftom ? 15 ? Shakspcare and Milton to the Kcw< Vote Catcndai\\.MiQ..:Tcrrific. Jlcr/islcv and the Wonderful Museum, '1 his 'labor is rendered necessary in the per- oimaneo of the task whioh the outsido public, somotimca good hnmorodly, and sometimes con temptuously, call 1 dashing off a loader.' I ro- member that excellent man tho late Charles II. S|mrgeonf| who wns a frequent .correspondent of mine, fclicitnling mo onoo in bright, cheerful language, on the enso with which I Mashed off tho leaders in question. I thanked him in reply for his kind words; but I added that I should ho vciy much pleased if ho wouhi pay rnc a visit some uiorniug and sit in my study whilo I was laboriously dictating and not 'dashing off an article of, ny, 1500 word." At tlio cud of tlio preface is a touching note on tlio death of Mr. Elmtn.d Yates, which oc curred as tlie volumes wero passing through tlie press. Curiously enough, almost thn first name mentioned in this long list of names is that of tho writer who has just paiacd i\\\vaj\ Mr. Sala is of opinion that, lu spite of tlio well known difference between Yates and Thackeray, which for a timo threatened to cloud the literary pros pects of tlio younger man, none could have written a more appreciative bioginphy of Thackeray than Edmund Yates, lie knew ail Thackeray's works with tint intimate know ledgo which comes of reading with love and admiration. He knew the man ; nt.tl though I Yatos was not to bo clashed among those who icadily turn their chotk to tlio smitcr, ho had a 1 moit affectionate leg.ud for his memory. Thackeray aud D.ckcns necessarily come in for oarly notice. Doth had a great influence ou the training of Mr. 8ala, and Dickens was for a long timu his editor in J/uusck-ld Words, as well ns hid warmest friend. Mr, SjIa opens with a diopter on Thackeray, of whom he pre sents a thoroughly sympathetic- sketch, defend- ing mm agniutt the chnrgo of bring a cynic and; . still worse, of being a snob. Touching tho latter point Mr. S.iIh says " lie came over to mo terribly disturbed ono morning at liiomptou, and told mo that although tho Lyndon gcaou was just drawing to. a close he had not been once nvked to a dinner or a reception nt the Jersey's,' moaning that famous leader of sooiety tho' late Countoss of Jersey, I said very (iniotly, ' So much tlie, woiac for tho Jerseys.' Whereupon he put his hands in his pockets ami began to talk quite: sociably about tilings in general. ThoT truth5 must out — ho was of gentle extraction ; had been academically educated ; had inherited >- modest patrimony ; was intimate with tho best Anglo-Indian society, county families, judges, military olliceis of high rank, and so forth ; and even when ho wa poor, ami thought himself a Hohemian, he was in reality a 'swell, ' although a swell in difficulties." "To talk to Dickens was a vastly different thing from talking to Thackeray. Tito author of Yanitjf Fair was a master of nuccdote, pRrriilngo and tepnrtcc; lie was a vntied nnd ilucut linguist ; ho was a lover and practitioner of art; ho was saturated with 17th aud 18th century literature, both French and English ; and ho could hold his own with such masters of conversation as Abraham Hnyward nnd Ilichard Muncktun Millies (Loul Houghton), nnd with kuoIi a formidable epigrammatist .nnd wit as Douglas Jen old. Dickcu?, on tho other hand, seldom talked nt length on litcrnture, either of the present or tho pari. He vety raicly said anything about art ; and, for what is usually termed 'high art,' I think that ho had that profound contempt which is generally the out- cumc of lack of learning. Indeed, when I first vi.btcd Venice and wrote for him an urtiulu called A l'oudlo at the Prow— my text being a gondola on tlie Grand Canal and the gondolier's dog — he expressed himself as especially pleased with my production on the ground that it con tained ' no cant about art.' What ho liked to talk about \vn the latest now piece at the theatres, the latest exciting trial or police case, tlio latest social craze or social swindle, anil especially the latest murder aud tho newest thing in ghosts. He delighted in tolling short, dioll stories, and occasionally, indulging in comic simile nnd drawing waggish -parallel. He frequently touched ou political subjects— always from that which was then n strong Radical point of view, but which at . present, I imagine, would be thought more Conservative thau Democratic; but. his conversation, I am hound to say, once for all, did not riso above tho amusing commonplaces of a vory shrewd, clever man of tho world, with the heartiest of hatted for shams and humbugs; I grew week by woek in his favor, hecnuso, as ho was kind enough to put it, 'ho could nlways'mnke some thing of wliAt I did and ere long- 1 had not (infrequently the hbiior of finding myself 'double-barrelled' in tlio current number of Household IForJ.'?— that is to s&y;, tlio first and middle articles would be from my pen." His book might be called, " The History of tho Making of a Journalist," for that, con sciously or unconsciously, on his part, is just what it is. Ail his varied experience was dis tinctly formative. When he was not reading, ho was seeing life, sometimes in tho London streets, sometimes in Pur is, bat always with a purpose. It may he questioned whether tho new education that some well meaning persons are designing for tho new journalist will ever serve its puiposo quite so well as this old ono of wide reading and wide wandering, with no other aim than a genoral interest in the show of things as it passes before tlio eye in all its be wildering variety.' This for instance, is how the time passed iu fivo years of lifo in Paris "Nor, in my own cac, although I was scan dalously barren of literary output during fivo long years, do I think that I was really wasting my thne. I was continual!;', although uncon sciously, learning : now the great object lesson of lifo with which the streets of Paris wero teploto ; now the lesson of history and politics whioh every day's issuo of the newspapers spread before me: and this sauntering educa tion was alternated with absolutely -laborious and minute study of tho treasures of literature in tlio' public libraries, "or in tlio ragged tomes whioh I picked up for a few fous at the book- stalls on tho quays. These labors, at the time, did not bring me a dait ; and yet I passionately loved the toil of study, altogether' unfruitful in money bringing as it was. 1 could fag for hours over dead nnd gone languages; painfully tran scribe all kinds of curious, nnd as it thou nppoarcd, uhbIo-s lore, pore over and master tho seorots of artistic anil mechanical processes all day long; and often, when wo had no joyous oaroiisnl going on, lnto into the night I was reading my cycB dim. It was the sitting down to the writing of 'copy' tlmt I detested; it was the making of a tale of bricks for a certain wage that I loathed;- nod I havo often said that for many year I have never sat down without anguish to the composition of 'copy,' and never rose from tlio completed task without ex ultation." It was still a lifo of hardship, and of nn occa sional hunt between Hunriso and sundown for the indispensable £5 note. Hut it gave that great happiness which results from the senso of the fulnoas of experience. It was Dohemi&n; as a matter of course, and in a way of which we havo but a faint conception in our day:— "When, nowadays, some friond who gees more into the world than I do points out to inc in the foyer of the opera, or the stalls of tho theatre, some youthful individual whom he pronounces to ho adcuced clever fellow, but 'au out and out I)ohcimnn,'IdonotBtareatliim with astonishment —to do so would be very rude— but I ask my- qelf mentally whether this young. gentleman is rosily" nn -inhabitant of Bohemia -at- all, and whothor ho could evcu find tlie place of the city of Prague on the inap, ljIIo is ohql iu JauRless evening garb ; his cravat 13 tied with exquisite symmetry ; lie is clean shaven, well brushed and oiled and perfumed ; and If I mistake not he has a gardenia at his buttonholo, a ring on one finger, n watch guard at his fob, and something that twinkles and sparkles In the solitary stud of his beautifully got up shirt front. Cnn this well dressed, well groomed youth havo anything to do with BohemiA? Why, if you accost hiin, ho will talk about lits club.; and he may ask yon whether you wore at the Royal Academy conversazione, or how hi it you wero not nt Kempton Parle or at Sundown, when 'Brother to (J.tuliflowor' beat '.Two Lovely Black Eyon,' or 'Tommy Make .Room for Your Uncle' ran for the 'Consolation Stakes.' My. esteemed young sirs, unless I art altogether wrong, you have no loud of comprehension of what the Bohemia of 40 years ago wahIIUc, or what maimer of people inhabited it." Mr. Sala had seen Paris nnd Fiance before that. Ilia acquaintance with -thein date from the thirtie, when he was a boy at school. They gitvo him good reason to remember them : — "Frenchmen in 1839 were, perhaps, a little more furious, politically speaking, against England j than tlioy are at the present lime, nor did J, mere hoy ns I was, escape a good deal ot un pleasantness nt school owing to tho circumstance I of my boing a 'British subject. It was surely not my fault that Blucher, instead of Grouchy, had como up at a critical moment at Waterloo. It was not; my .fault that after the Emperor Napoleon had surrendered to Captain Maitlaud on hoard the. Bellerophon, and hnd arrived at Plymouth/;' the British Government 'determined to >cml Hie couqucior and captive ot tlio earth to.SL, Helena ;- and I hnd obviously nothing to do .wHIil the refusal of Sir Hudson Lowo to allow Ids -.prisoner ami his suite mora than a solitary bottle of champagne per diem . The unsatisfac tory drninngo of.Lougwood House, tho plenitude of i jits in tliejlmfngruom, tlio had quality of the beef, anil tlio.rieglcct of the authorities at homo tn seii.l ; any newspapers to St. . Helena beyoml those in the columns of which the unfortunate exile was virulently-abused, were elenrly matters fur which I should not. havo been hold in the slightest dogrep rcspouBible'. ' ,Yct the remem brance, of i.oiroumstnnccs. evidently beyond my cohTr6l;led. :tolhy:lavmg my' hair pulled, my ears tweaked,' my toes, trodden, upon half a dozen times a weok-by.; niy. sohoqlfellows, who some times want so. far "as to.jnVlnuate.that I was a relative of 'Sir Ougabn.' aml who frequently be stowed upon me such hard names a sFomviede ierre and ' Goddam.'" - 7 T " ' ' His nccouut of America during the civil war is- not tiio happiest of bin. recollections. .But, siuco ho has thought fib to refer to it, there will he no hnim in following' him. lie failed' to do , justice to the motives of the north in tho quarrel, and his sympathies wero nil tho wrong way. nfc aiimetwhen it. was cheap nnd easy to be wrung. He was for the south, aud he had been brought up to regard tho negro ns his personal enemy, for no better renson than that his mother's family had been ruined, " lock, stock nml barrel, by tho abolition of slavciy in tho West Indies." Iiis prejudice wero those of tlio Englishman of his time, and they wero part of his equipment as descriptive writer for the paper he represented. They all helped to swell tho bill lor the Alabama claim?. He gives us a i wonderfully graphic picture of the north during tho civil war: — "I must briefly dwell on whnt may, I think, bo considered as otic of the mot remarkable of tho social phenomena counootcd with the great war ot ficcesslou. It was an Arricricau and not an English observer who said that "tho war was one gigantic frolio to the north and, socially, that really seemed to be the case. Balls, receptions and dinner parties were rife. Fauoy fairs, held with tho beneficent objects of providing comforts and luxuries for tho Federal troops, took pl&co; almost cvoiy week. Theatres aud opera houses drovy crowded audience-. Your correspondence, your acquaint ances, your newspapers told you every day that from tho State of Virginia, right down south, a fitiice and almost implacable war was raging; that cities were being beleaguered ; fortresses bombarded, battles fought, and ' whole states devastated by fire and sword. The slaughter was immense ; tho hospitals near tho seat of war wero crammod, and devoted men and women wero worictng even nsriorcncc iigiuiii- gnlc worked in tho CrimoA to hssuago the miseries of the sick and wonnded. . Before tho war had como to a cIoro, the north was to liavo a million of men under arms; and the main tenance of this colossal host, and of fiotillas of cruisers nnd gun boatshlockadingall thesouthern port?, involved an expenditure .which raised tho indebtedness of the Union to an nggregnto ex ceeding in proportion that of tho national debt of England, whioh had taken more than 100 years to accumulate." Tho northern soldiers hnd thoir share of the frolic. ; Thoy wero cared for as soldiers in the field were novcr cared for before or since. All sorts of dainties were sent to them to supple ment tlio abundant Government rations, and commissioners of ono kind or other looked after every detail of their moral and spiritual wel fare: — " One other equally significant fact I montion with regard to tlie marvellous army of the I'otomna, These legions were governed prac- tioally without corporal punishmont ; nor, save in a very few instances, when somo peculiarly heinous offonco ngninst military law had boeu committed, was the punishment of death in itiated, I remember when I was down with the Federal army iu Virginia seeing, at the general head quarters, a wretched creature — a delin quent soldier-— who, under tho grim guard of a sentry, wnu sweeping nil the rofuso away and shovelling it into baskets. IIo was to enduro ho many houm of this humiliating drudgery for ho many days, as ho had bccu guilty, so I was told, of somo exceptionally disgraceful crime. Now nnd again, also, some martinot commanding officer would venture upon a oonrso of procedure slightly analogous to bodily punishment. I havo heard of- offending soldiers being 'spread- eagled,' that is to ray, tied by tho wrist and ankles to the wlioel of n gun or an ammunition waggon, and left bareheaded for a certain timo iti the blazing sun. But those certainly indefen sible punishments were very rarely resorted to. Remembering that tho uso of the cat was com mon in tlio British army during the Crimean War ; tlmt flogging in tlio army was not totally abolished until the passing of the Army Disci; plino Act in April, 1881 ; nnd that in tho French Army, - Although corporal punishment lms long since disappeared from it, tho death penalty is frequently enforced, it can scarcely have failed to strike nn onlooker with astonishment tlmt tho American commanders should have been aide to preserve discipline among tho hundreds of thou sands of men serving under them without scourging, aiul without hanging or shooting them in a proportion even remotely approaching ' tlio infiiotion of suoh extreme penalties iu tho French army. It must be remembered, more over, that the ' blue bellies ' comprised in their ranks nn astonishingly miscellaneous oungrcga- tiun of immnitUy." . Mr. Sala is happiest nnd most entertaining, after all, when ho returps. to. London, if only because he is here but ono lesson .Ahead of many of his readers. Yet his knowledge of this city iu extensive and pcouliar ; arid much of it, though it was gathored by'porsoiial observation, 1 now delightfully antiquarian He has seen many changes iu men and manners, and most of 'ihem-have been for the bettor. Evcnreur fast life is no longer the foroalous thing it wah. It? ismltogcther/inore: polished; more refined,' aud periiAX>s a Uttle loss courageous and. dare- devil than the roaring horseplay ami the coarse dissoluteness of the past." Business has coasdd to be negotiated in taverns. " It would amae youthful nnd middlo aged moderate drinker could they form an adequate idea of tlie amount of drinking which went on among well to do and decorous business men when I was a' lad— drinking not by any means confined to tlio night season, but progressing very steadily, throughout the day. Mr. Bala writes almost learnedly of many " taverns that have vanished," —of one in which, when tlioy were clearing o»it an old well, they found a memorandum .book containing, in faded ink, the word " Dr.1 Goldsmith, 13. 10J." Wa it an unpaid score? Simple justice to tlio writer reputation as a Jin gourmet required a chapter on " Cooks of My Acquaintance ; " and this, with Cofltumcx of My Infancy, and Handwriting of My Friends, bring us pleasantly to the close of an entertain- ing book. — Daily News, 