CUREENT TOPICS. Another gco gatv for the gnoa colonial is suggested. Tho last, it may bo rcmom- bered, came from Lord Carrixqton, who wished tocstablish u scheme of life peerages for Australians and Canadians, Now it is the Aldrquis of Lorne, who suggests tho order of the "Star of Australasia and Canada,'! to whioli those may bo raiso'd who have signalised themselves in the cause of Im perial Federation. Sir Somkrs "Vine, Mr. Parkin, Major-General Edwards and tho little snobbish Melbourne whiffets, who have been rolling tho heavy log oi Itnperiul Fodcralion for the past nine yoars, deserve somo return for the good will with which they .: havo worked, although, unfortu nately: for them, -their united efforts havo come to grief, and the gilded log remains jusc about whore it was whon they -began tlioir industrious work. - .Still Im perial Federation, is dear to tho . heart of certain august people, and perhaps there is nothing so oalculated to stimulate the exer- tiouB of somo people in this direotion as a title. Those who have worked hard in the now defunct lcaguo will probably bo uccoraiou, as iuuun to encourage tno others as for their own reward, and whon, Pbcenix-likc, aocording to tho prophecy of tho defunot little rag of tho league, the tnovemonb arises from its cold ashes all tha anobbishness and title-hunting ele ments of all the British colonists over all the world will be onlistod in its cause, lured by the enticing glitter of the Star of Australia and Canada. The pro posal is shoer bribery, founded upon the inglorious and dohmvc supposition that an Australian or Canadian will do anything ior a title. Never was tliero a more mis taken idea. Imperial Federation, if it is to come, must aomo by its own merits. ' The political leaders of Australia are bound to sec to this, for they aro responsible to the peoplp of Australia, and if every one of our leaders . loft ue just for a ribbon to Biiok in tlioir coats, how ntueh . would that advanee tha desired end! All the votors . of the colonies- cannot be made companions or commanders of the new order. ? The only effect of the scheme of the Marquis of' Lorne would bo to invest tho Imperial Federation movement with even more suspicion than now belongs to this unfortunate inspiration of British sproad-eagleisin. The policy of piling titles upon Australians and Canadians for serviors of this kind can only be to create division between the gentlomos so deaoratod and the people at large, and the effect of such a division would perhaps hardly be, to the liking of Lord Lorne and the Imperial Federationists generally. Milner Stephen has, in the language of the spiritualise, " passed ovor." It is not very many years sines this venerable limb of the law created wild excitement among certain pcoplo by suddenly laying claim to miraculous healing powers. He asserted that the faith cure was potent to restore tho lamo, the halt and tho blind, and such ia the enormous credulity oi a section of humanity that it wa3 imagined that tho laying ou of hands by Milner Stephen could have, under certain conditions, a miraculous efficacy. It is truo thcro .is record of a gouty gentleman who submitted his aore extremities to the faith curer, and thereafter aroso and performed a brilliant hornpipe, after which tho triumphoffaith was celebrated inchampagnc. Buton thowhole tho faith cure, according to Milner Stephen, gave poor results, though even tp this duy there are those who beliove in tho genuine ness of his powers. That, however, is no sort of proof of tho reality of thoso powers, because in this world there are ' al ways numbers of people ready to credit any pretensions, however mon strous or ridiculous. Somebody has- remarked that every muti has a madman olmined up within him, and it seems truo that under whatever star a mau may be born there is one chamber of ilia brain over which Luna holds special sway. Hence tho bewildering multitude of extraordinary, be liefs whose loud-voiced professors besiege our cars. Milner Stephen had only to put his claim forward to have at onco an enthusiastic following. But this, ap parently, soon dwindled away, and so far out of public attention had he dropped that only the notice of his death to-day reminded people of his extraordinary claims. The merit of these claims seems sadly discoau ted by the fact that the professor himsolf suc cumbed to stone in the bladder. But there was nothing in his creed which forbids us to say a final pace to the ghost of this harm less, if whimsical, faith doctor. Thanks to the enterprise. of shipowners, or perhaps, to bo more just, thanks to the commercial importance of Australia, the size and fleetncss of the steamers' connect ing us with the other hemisphere are. rapidly -increasing. The time cannot be remote when the ocean greyhounds of tho Atlantic will be rivalled by the fleets passing botwoen Europe and Australia. 'The two great British companies which are com peting in such splendid rivalry for the trade of Australia are both building new ships, Tha P. and 0. Company, is adding: to its fleet a leviat'nian to be named the Caledonia. The si3ter Orient Company is building two steamships of 7500. tons each des tined to averago 19 .knots. . The whole of these will, ipf is almost needless to say, bo iuxurioualy'fquipped and fitted. While this activity ' among tho British companies is going on, tho new Australian- Canadian line is not inactiro, and so far front being discomfited by the accident to the Miowora, Mr. Huddaut lias ordered a magnificent vessel for his line, tho speed aimed at being 17 kno:s. Although we are already splendidly served with regard to our mails by the P. and O. and Oriout-liners, every improvement- in tho speed of ships which bridges over by ever so little tho great abyss' separating us from England must be hailed, by ns with satisfac tion. This uctivity in the multiplication' of giant ships for the Australian trade gives an effective and timely answer to. the woful prognostications of |the free-trader that tho Customs . dutios would drive shipping away from oiir shores.. This argu ment, which so long deluded the wharf laboring community of Sydney, is now effec tively exploded. As to the futuro of Australian trade, every great steamor placed iu that trade is a pledge of confidence in its stability iand capacity ior expansion of tha most indisputable character. : Miss Jessie Ackicrman has returned front Chicago big with enthusiasm and projects of reform, all of the kind dear to the! woman's suffrage puoplo. That is, all of the emotional and moral order. She was interviewed in' London' apparently, and there got off a sentence with which she was so pleased that she repeated it last night at a meeting hold to welcotno her. This was to the effeet that the lawmakers of England and America needed Christian effort and work more than any other class " on God's earth." Presumably Miss Aaici-.ti- MANdoesnot exclude tho Australian lawmaker from this sweeping condemnation, and now that she has discerned tho direction in- which her missionary labors are most needed, let us hops that she will set to work to evangelise in Macquarie-strest. In an interview with the lady, published in the T'ELEQltAril, she spoke with much red-blooded enthusiasm of tho personal charms oi the handsome fine-eyed men who sat with her in the congress of re ligions -at Chicago. Touching this excep tional immorality of legislators, concerning which Miss Ackerman is so well convinced, is there anything in it after all? Is it hot ai solemn fudt that the average mambor of Parliament is just as moral as 99 men out of a hundred the world over? Probably this is just what Miss Ackerman would admit. Her theory is, whether she admits it or not, that the one way to procure moral legislators is to change the sex of tiie members of Parliament. Then thoro would, of course, be no immorality among legis lators, though, if we were malicious enough, wo might quote Mr. .Stead's opinion of the women of Chicago, which, we pre sume, he would extond to the social woman , everywhere. However, we are as little in- olincd to beliovo Stead's charges of immo- ' raliiy as Miss Ackerma.s's, and can only regret that so much of the efforts of the modern woman reformer should bo con nected with on unwholosome prying into tho private ohaructcru of members of the other sex. 