AN EXTRAORDINARY STOR7. SELECTOR'S HPT HAUNTED. About three years ago (says the Dnbbo Despatch) Peter Stem, a hard-beaded, prac tical, frugal German, sold property he pos sessed in die Wagga Wagga district, aod, with bis family, came to Dubbo in search of land. He and bia boo. Jacob, a young man now twenty-eight yean of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each oo the Coalbaggie. The selections are on the South ttalladoran ran, and rather isolated. Jacob's selection is on the BOQtbern part of the ran, and then was, when it was taken op, an old bnt upon it. In this at first lived the family, consist ing of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adnlt daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man inTn^d Dalev came into the district. He had been reared by the Steins, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them and they to him. Jacob determined to build on the site of the har, while Pater com menced the erection of a commodious resi dence on his land, about three miles away. Tbe Steins were, however, no sooner settled down — tbe father and family in their new house, and Jacob at bis hut, than they heard at night strange voices, loud cooeyings, and awful screamings. Thinking that they pro ceeded from either belated travellers or homeward proceeding selectors, more merry than sensible, they took little police of them. These sounds were only heard at intervals — a fortnight or three weeks inter vening between their occurence. They, however, took place so regularly — for they were at one time heard at Jacob Stein's, and again at the father's— that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night hideous with their noises, was gives up. About eighteen months ago there were further developments, and, according to the family, Btrange mani festations. The forniture in Veter Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on on ?occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extra ordinary and uucaa ay. M rs. Stein was baking in the kitchen one day, and aiter she had her dough prepared to be placed in and tossed it on tbe floor. These things, or akin to them, have kept on from then till now, but with tbe further development that the person responsible— whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned — ha-s requeutly interviewed, and has had convers . t oiis with the several membera of tbe family. Evidently the presence is not of tbe regular type, for it does not wait till the ' witching hoar when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth, ' but comes along in broad daylight, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a ques tioD from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor bus said that his name is tleorge William Her bert, and tiiat iiis mother, who was uamed Annie, aod hia sister, who was called Julio, were homed to death on tbe South BaJIa doran ran— that bis father died in the Coota mundra hospital eighteen years ago— that be (the speaker) had been hit upon the head and Left tor dead on the road — that he had Deen saved — and had subsisted opon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the older Stein he replied that if he did those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According to the Steins — and atl, from the father to the yoangest child, tell the same times speaks in a gruff manly voice and some times as softly us a woman — indeed it would be difficult to distinguish hiB voice from a girl'd. The dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming — although the Steins cannot see it— they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invincible one performed all kinds of pranks. It cost toma hawks and knives about with tbe grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. One night while the family were engaged reciting tbe Rosary — they are Roman Catholics, and retain the simple devotional habits of the Rb,inel&c4; — the t&ble; round which they knelt was suddenly lifted towards the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So annoying have been the majiifesta tious that tbe young fellow who came from Wagga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowdeo, em ployed by them, bas also left, saying that if be were given the selection he would not live there. The whole thine is certainlv mysterious, bat, however the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of the family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family, has tbe tame story to telL Mrs. Stein, who superstitious, is as convinced as she is of her existence that the place is haunted. A feu days ago, a* Peter Stein's request, the Very Rev. father Byrne visited the selection, aod though during the night aud day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he investi gated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that tbe Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry shonld take place. 