A DEATH OERTIFClATE, FROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (CONTINUED.) I arrived in London at an early hour the next morning, and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matron of the excellent establishment for trained nurses which is to be found there. I described the case, and chose a bright-looking young woman who I was sure had tact as well as experiAnce. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at once, I wired what I had done to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a Slate hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bring up supper, of which I stood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram on a salver. " When did this come?" I asked, lookin, at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly .darting away to poor Will Raymond and his uahappy little wife. "The telegram came half an hour ago, sir," replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I was -not prepared for the news which it contained. S'?rs Raymond died at three o'clock this afternoon.-Grey." The pink'slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, and I sat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes. I had not time, however, for any long meditation. There came asharpi peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to me.. . This was from -sWill.- It contained the sort of news which I might have expectod : " For God'; sake, come to.me, lifax tme to.night n Scaseby 'o bility could. I to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, bat that then nothing should hinder my join. °g him. I have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my patientM through a severe illness, and, weary but thankful, I stepped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived therein the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for me on the platform. He came forward'to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand and looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi. dently:stirred to its depths. "I am morethan glad you have come," he said. "Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death; 1 now think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, his brain will go." ," Nonsense, nonsense," I retorted. "Ray. mond has as steady a brain as any fellow? I know." But then I stopped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history occurred to me, and I was silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but I knew nothing of the psychological history of. his house. 1 made up my mind to treat the doctor's feae lightly, and proceed in a eteady and oheerful voice: "You must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has eustained." " Yes, yes," said Grey; "of course, any one would make allowance for grief and even violent distress, but the man's conduct is more than eccentric. Do you know what he has done?" P' "No," I said. " What?" "He is going to: take -that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am givento understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he says se shall cross the threshold of his house dead or living. He has given orders that a coffin isto be made for her out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, and, in the mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and, the miserable funeral proces. sioais to startfromhereat5 o'clock to-morrow nornma." "B oon ?" inqnireda. "Yes, there has been an awful hurry about eierything.Allarrangement arenow,however, complete. Raymond has engaged a special rain, and the line is to be bleared along the entire route; of course, at enormous expense. He has asked me to accompany him, but now that you have. arrived, that will scarcely be necessary." SProbably not," I answered. We had by this time entered the hluse, and Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a drawingroom where I had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. He was not present; I looked around for him anxiously. " Heis in the room with his poor wife," said Grey, noticing:my perturbed glance; '' he spends almost all his time there. The worst place in the world for him, I should say, in his present state, of nervous excite ment." "Well, I must go and find him," I said "but before I do so I shall be glad if you will give me any particulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last -moments. When I left Llanmordaff two nights ago, I had not the slightest fears or the poor girl's life. I was anxious, of -ourse, with regard to her state, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her mental condition. When did a change for the worst take place, and why was I not tele. graphed for immediately ?" "There was no time. We none of us thought her dying until she was dead. 1 visited her twice the night you left, and found her quiet and inclined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had sent in to nurse her pro tem., and asked her to sit by her and hold her hand.' The following morning she was ery quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at -bout 10 o'clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how ever, a very grey hue over her face, and won dered what her complexion was in health." "She had a bright complexion," I answered hastily. "Well, she looked grey, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and Sthought her desire for sleep agood sign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as muoh as possible. I spoke to Raymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at 1oon. " I was hindered ooming until nearly one 'clock. I then saw her again; she was -sleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, I was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in -mantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs Raymond was dead. "' She die4 in her sleep,' said the woman, Swithout never a sigh or a groan. She just stopped breathing, that was all.' "I went over at once to the hotel to see her, but Raymond had looked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard hinm muttering and moaning to him self, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild exprersion in his eyes. The momenthe saw me he told me I was a 'confounded fool,' and used some more strong expressions which I do not care to re peat. I asked to see the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a soul should look at her now again except himself." " Then you did not see her after death?" I interrupted. "No ; there was no use in worrying the poor fellow." " And now ae. is in her coffin ?" I con. tinned. "!Fes. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey." I said nothing further, and in a few m-oments was in Will's presence. I must draw a veil over the scene which followed. WVill's exoitement was all too real. Hecould not keep still for a moment. His ,eyes were bright and glassy,his hair unkempt; he had not, shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of eager words. 'Then he burst into the most )eartrending groans I had ever listened to. (193) The next moment his manner altered; he laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the funeral. "I have ordered them to lightbonfires," he exclaimed. '" Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home-coming. She shall have her coming home all the same, Halifax. I myself will help to bear her across the threshold of her house and mine. She shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives of our house inthe family vault. That will please her--yes, that will please her, poor darling." " But she won't know anything about it," I replied. Will fixedme with his bright eyes. "How can you tell?" he retorted. "Do youthink her spirit has gone far from mine ? No, no; you won't get me to believe that. We are twin spirits, and it is im. possible to part us. There was a cloud over the sweet soul during the last few days of her life; but Death has lifted it, she is mine again now." He paused abruptly here, locked his hands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : "I have an impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induce Maggie to stay in her grave when I am living close to her. Do you believe in ghosts ?" I retorted briefly. There was nothing whatever for it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane at presens, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than absurd his different arrangements were. :"Yoj think you are saoing resow ot for yo6inrpor wife's memorf.'iorSi t~af 'sort of thing," I said. "But you aregreatly mis taken-people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." " It has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. " I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you think, Halifax, that I care that"-snapping his fingers with a loud click as he spoke " for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, but her spirit lives. All the future of my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until until I meet her and clasp her again." There was an exalted sort of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of -oe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was sitting in the drawingroom of the inn, filing in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged himto certify the fact of death having taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the certioate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. " I regret beyondwords," Isaid, "that you did not see Mrs Raymond after death. You are unable to state as an eye-witness that you saw her. For mypart I should be glad to see the present law altered. I would make it compulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." ' That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, " but there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in this case. Youmay remember that I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.' " Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock-the said syncope or shock was caused by the railway accident which occurred afew days ago. Were this known a coroner's inquest would have been neces sary. We must be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, which is for every reason to be avoided." S' Certainly," said Grey. ' By the way," I asked, " did the nurse, who must have acrived from London yester day rmorni-n see the bod'v P" -"No: Raymond would not allow her near the room. Of course, Mrs M'Allister, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the under. taker's men had to measure her for the cottin, or rather'shell; but no one else has seen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. I am told that heput her into the coffin himself and screwed the lid down with his own hands." I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I was. awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie Raymond I I re called her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier face it would have been difficult to find, but even then I was attracted by something peculiar in her eyes-they were beautiful; but it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for the last time-she sat up in bed and played with her softhair. Then the mystery which dwelt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar ex pression. This insanity had been rudely: awakenedinto active life by the shock of the railway accident. Well, nowall was over.' A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was no use worrying about Maggie-she hadgone to join the majority. Nothing of life could affect her again.. My real anxiety now, my real regret, was for poor Raymond. Through the long hours of the night I heard him walking up and down the room which contained his wife's coffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and once, good God ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case similar to his wife's? Was he, too, fast be coming insane? I turned over in my mind several plans for helping him. and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at five o'clock on this winter's morning, in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carry. ing all that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond back toher husband's home. I do not think in my whole life I ever ex psrienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves; in one corner of which the coffin was placed. I was glad to find that the excitement which had rendered Raymond's conduct so strange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak ing a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a caressing movement on the lid of the coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smile, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his face. Had hebeen plunged in the deepest woe, I could have un derstood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw" plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mine as was the dead woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered how all this was going to end, and my fears with regard to Raymond's mental condition were considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and in the darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distant from Raymond Towers. Here the stationmaster and several gentle. men from the neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in mourning, and I saw that this fact roused poor Raymond's indignation at once. "I don't want this to be a mournful pro cession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who came and with deep feeling shook the poor fellow by the hand. "I am not conventional, and I don't wish anything con ventional to be done. Where is my steward ? Where is Berring P" "Here, sir," answered the man, taking off his hat. "BerrinL, have you -attended to all my orders -- bonfires, and-all that sort of thing ?" Berring muttered something which no one uould quite distinguish. • There was a bustle on the platform owing to the removal of the coffin, which was placed oa a bier covered with a white velvet cloth. At this moment a touching thinghappened- sixyoung girls came forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on the coffin. They were daughters of neighbor ing squires. This token of respect touched Raymond, who went up andshookhands with one of them, and fortunately forgot to ask anything more about the bonfires. I saw the centlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hearty sympathy and condolences looking atone another in a very significant manner, and I also saw .that the moment had come for me to interfere. I went up and took my friend firmly by the arm. "Hands off," he said, pushing me from him with some violence. But I would not notica this. " Come," I said, " your carriage is wait ing. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you in the carriage. See, they are already moving forward with -" " My wife-my bride I" said. Raymond. " How often we talked of this home-coming ! Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What has come to me?" " You are tired and worn out," I answered, soothingly. "Come." 1 took his arm, and he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the mourning carriages, the solemn look of the hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, I could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue which led to the Towers, and after a time drew up at theprincipalentrance, in the centra of the nile of hnildinnes. -f' Tie:-i or is nevdr opAdd except I for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said Raymond, ih a light tone. " Heigh-ho!" he continued, "what a home-ooming for the bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift the ooffin out. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to carry his dead wife across the threshold of her home. The coffin was placed on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Raymond, having helped to put the coffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from the scene. I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a slight sense of satis. faction as I closed the wide doors on the last of them. Anold, white-headed butler was standing in the hall. His face was perfectly soared. "Good God !" he exclaimed. " May I ask, sir, if you're a doctor ?" SYes," Ireplied. " Can you tell me what's the matter with my poor master ?" " He is out of his mind for the time being." I answered, promptly. " Then God help us all," replied the man. " What is your name ?" I inquired of him. " Jasper, sir. Ihave served the family for close on thirty years. I was in the house when Mr William was born. He was never quite like other lads, more shy like and morose a bit-but, oh, the change in him when he got engaged to Miss Travers I Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young lady ?" " It was very sudden," I replied. " I will tell you about it later on. I don't mind say ing now that your miaster's condition fills me with anxiety, but the best thing all the rest of us'can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of the steward?" " Berring, MrBerring." "I will see him by-and-by. Have all preparationsbeen made for the funeral cere mohy to-morrow ?"''. "1 believe so, doctor-the oak coffin was sent in to-day." '- Tell Mr Berring that I want to see him before he leaves for the night." " He will sleep here to-night, air." "That is good,".I replied.. '"I am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring.'? "Yes, doctor." The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, which was now almost covered with flowers. I looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. He had unite recovered from his temporary break down, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. " Come in," he said to me when he saw me at the door; "not that we want you-we are very happy here together; I knew that we should be." I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further develop. ment of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow ?nat his wife was really bearing him company. After a moment's hesitation, I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. "Come, come," I said, "even though you are happy you must not turn out an old friend." I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. "She goes away when you come in," he said. "I wish you would leave us." "I will presently," I answered, "I want some supper, and so do yen. ' Ah, and here it comes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do nicely.' The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to find that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exalted and more natural in expression. " She's dead," he said, suddenly. "I can't quite realise it." "Have a glass of sherry," I interrupted. He took it from my hand and. tossed it off. " She's dead," he continued, "although her spirit has come to me as I knew it would. Hers was the first dead body lIever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep." "Ilam sureshe did," I answered. "I should like to have seen her." '" I always thought that dead people were cold," he. continued; "but she was warm after death shewas very warm. The next day she was cold, but not icy-not as books des. cribe the dead." "She died suddenly and was young," I answered. "Sometimes chemical changes ac. count for warmth after:death. Now, Ray. mond, I am going to see you to your room You must go to bed at once." "No ; I shall stay here." " Just as you please," I answered. " There is a sofa here, a comfortable one. You must lie down and go to sleep." " iy dear feiiow,' he aunwered, " i have not slept since Maggie died." 'You will to-night, for I am going to give you a sleeping draught." '" don't think I'll taka it. Should she visit me again, she would think my conduct heartless." "No, she wcn't-she sleeps well, and so must you. Come, lie down. You need not even undres ; all I want you to do is to rest." He was a bigger man than 1, but I forced him to obey me. He lay down obediently on the sofa. I put a rag over him, and then going to my bag whioh lay on the floor, I took out a small medione chest, mixed a certain drauiht, and gave it to him. In five minutes he was soundly asleep, and I could leave the room. Berring was waiting to speak to me. Old Tasper hovered about in the passages. Berring assured me that all was ready for the morrow's ceremony. I said I wished it to beas quiet aspossible, and to take place early n the day. Berring said this should be done, end proposed that Mr Herbert, the vicar, who was to offieiate, shodld come and see me that evening. 'I willsee him to-morrow," I said. " It s too late now." Then the men began to question me with egard to Paymnd. " Was he really in. sane ? Had Mrs Rsymond gone out of her mind before she died? " " I am sorry that I am unable to answer you," I replied. " Mrs Raymond died from the effects of shock, caused by a railway accident, and her husband's mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great care is exercised, however, and he is spared all undue excitement, I trust soon to see an improvement in him. I am now going to sit in his room, and will wish you good.night." The men retired, and I went softly back to the shaded study, and sat down in a chair by the fire. Raymond was sound asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought it extremely unlikely that he would wake before the morning. The bromidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. There was possibility also that he might awake calm, self-possessed, and in his right mind once more. (To BE COnUEDxn.) 