SEWING RAG CARPETS. It on s (mall nnpainted bouse, stained an indescribable hue by the snns sad rays ot half a century, a row of still, Lombardy poplars in front, and•beneath the windows, inibJUtowbed outUi-.Hb? itripa—t-bokfd, blossomed four-o'olocks, youtb-and-old-age, and gaudy Afrioan marigolds, which seemed to hold np their orange torches with a distinctly defiant sir. Green paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with an "aide's bead, bung in the upper centre of the door. Every one has seen such houses along the country roads where tho Queen Anne craze had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fossett and her nieoo, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rags for a oarpet. A bright wood fire craoklod and snapped in tho air-tight stove, for, although the sun shone bright on the marigolds and four-o'olooks, there was a keen wind blowing, nod the dead leaves were carried in all directions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rags which made a parti-oolored mountain in one corner ot the room, and the wooden clock ticked shrilly on the shelf alongside of a esse ol dried butterflies and a plaster oi paris parrot with a broken best. Uiss FosEctt was elderly and spare, with a false front which did not in the least match her black hair, and speetaeles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark, solemn eyos, and lips redder than wild raspberries. To Miss Fossct everything in the world was subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in all the world which was actually impossible. There is just this difference between sixty and sixteen. " I was a-calculatin'," Mis3 Fossett droned on, "to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but I guess it'll be. a close shave now. I didn't know if I could get my front chamber carpeted, but the school-ma'am might come here to board; and twelve shillings n week is twelve shillings a week in these times." ; "l'ef, 1 know, aunty," said Marv Aon 'and why shouldn't she come? We shall anve the street ready for the loom, and in the meantime why thouldn't she tie sair.Ei.-il with a rug or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau V " Haven't you heerd ?" said Mies Fossett, stooping to regain her spool of thread. "The Bchool-ma'am's going to bo married, and the new teacher, Eliab Eay, he boards to bum. I don't believe he'll get along any better than Uiss Marston did, if be is a man teacher." Uary Ann's eyeB lighted up. " To bs married ?" said Uary Ann. " Yes," nodded Uiss J^oesett. "Whoisehe going to marry, Aunt Posset?" Our next neighbor," answered Uiss Fossett, grimly. Mr. Fairweather?" Yes, Mr. Fairweather. It beats all!" Miss Fossett added; " to think you shouldn't a beerd it afore Dow. Why, ehe'e going to hev a dove- colored silk dress from Uridgejort, and a store bat, trimmed with etufled iiirds and a real broobay shawl. Must have laid np a sight o' money, I should suppose." Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard the stream of idle o'natter that flowed uninterruptedly from ber aunt's lips. For herself she sewed away, and uttered never a word. John Fairweather to be married to Alda Marston 1 The news hsd fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaceful serenity ot her heart. In novels she had read, many a time and ott, of the duplioity ot man, bnt the fact had never come so near home before. Ths two women sewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. MiBB Fossett had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann soaroely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb her senses. " Guess we'd better stop a spell now," said the old lady. " Jest you run out to tho well and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll set out the apple-eass and doughnuts and riz biscuits. We won't hev no regular meal, being there's such a hurry with the rags." Mary Ann stuck ber needle into one of ths red flannel leaves of the houBCwile, which was fashioned like a miniature book, dropped ber thimble into her pocket and vanished. She did not go straight to the well.thpugb. She stole up tbe winding wooden stairway first into ber own room, where the yellow glow of the sunset yet lingered, and took two or three dried rosebuds and a sprig ot scented geranium from a little box in tbe corner of ths table drawer. Looking at them for a moment, she opened the window and flung them out into tbe grass below. 1 have been a fool long enough," said she to bersell. Then she went forth to the well and filled the tea kettle,listening vaguely as she didso to the melanoholy "checp, cheep" pf tho orick- -rtRip.thnateM.wM,. " Mary Ann I" a voice nttered. Uary Ann started so violently that she nearly dropped the tea kettle- It was Mus Marston who bad come unexpectedly up tbe path, with a bunch ol colored maple leaves in her bands. «• Ob, Miss Alda, how you startled mel" "Took mo tor a ghost, ehl" said Alda Marston, laughing. "But I wanted to scs you, Mary Ann. Goodness mel" intently scrutinizing ber faoe by the last lading gleams of daylight, "bow pretty ths child is growing! I don't blame John lot being bctwitohul about her." " Did you want anything," said Mary Ann, bridling up. " I want yon, child," said Alda Marston, in ths pretty, domineering manner which, jsiag some time a " sohool-ma'um," she had naturally acquired. " Can you belp me with m; sewing a little this week 1" " I am afraid I cannot," eaid Mary Ann with her face turned away. " Ob, Maty Ann—and I had counted on you tor a certainty I" I cannot I" frigidly repeated tbe girl. Miss Uarston stood silent a minute or two, Tben she said, aoaxingly,— " But. you haven't congratulated me yet, Mary Aon." Mary Ann withdraw herself spasmodically from the light touuh ot ber hand. " I'm sure I bope you will be very hBppy," said she. "Mo, 1 don't, either—I don' t bops anything of that kind." Then she fled away, sobbing and holding tight to the tea-kettle, whose spont dropfed all tbc way in a most lachrymatory fashion. The kerosene lamp was lighted when she reached the room where the- balls ot carpet ngsvere piled up. John Fauwoather bim< Srif was leaning against tbu wooden mantel, mob, with Lis tlbPW in dingcroui proximity , • ' totheedieot 4ried.batfcufilis>l tatjtefannt was nowhere to be seeni'V:'' 1-1 " She bu gone upstairs," ths' young man explained, in answer to Mary Ann's bewildered look," to get a bag of bops for old Mrs. Hubbard's neuralgia. Am yon ill, Mary Ann? You look so white and wa&ry.;" With gentle. authority be took the teakettle from ber band, and set it on the stove, Mary Ann helplessly Regarding him tbe while. How tall and straight and handsome be was! How pleasant snono tho light from his genial hazel eyes I How dearly she bad i learned to love him I Now it must all bs tin- 1 done again. Was it not wiolced to allow i hersdt to think ot him who belonged to Alda . Marston, much lees to look admiringly into , bis face. With these thoughts in her mind, it was no wonder that ber expression grow frigid as an ioicle. She piid no heed to his ' question. . I "Miss Marston is out by tbs well; you will find id her there," ehe said. ' i 1 "MiBS Marston, eh - ?" said Mr.Fairweather, with provoking equanimity. ''That reminds mo—yon haven't mid me whBt you thiuk ot our family arrangements. Wors you surprised?" Mary Ann tookod at him iin amazimont, almost in anger. " OI couise I was surprised," said eho. " But," gathering all her presence of mind, "I don't know why—it is no business of mine." " But it is though," said be. "It has only driven me, a little soonsr than otherwise an- ,tipip6ted,.t9j|sk you tc listen to roy-suit. Miss Alda must not imagine that she is tbe only person in tho world who can get married." Mary Ann drew berselt tip. " Mr. Fairweather," said she," I must bog you to remember yourself. We are not Mormons here. Neither ate you any relation to Bluobeard. In this country a man can have but one wife." Mr. Fairweather looked puzzled. " An indisputable fact," said he. " But I know of no one who is contradicting it." " How dsre you insult me by such words ?" cried poor Mary Ann. " You who arc ea- gap.cd to Miss Marston I" " But 1 am not engaged to Miss Marston." " Mr. Fairweathor I" " I am not indeed," be said. " Dear little Mary Ann, do not look at me with such incredulous eyes I Miss Alda Marston is aliianctd to my father. She is to be my stepmother, ne.rt month; and as I would naturally, under the existing circumstances,prefer | a home of my own, 1 want you to be its household angel." Not another word was spoken. Ma'y Ann's soft eyes, brimming over with glad tears,wera lifted to John's face. She stole towards him and hid her crimson cheek osninBt his shoulder; his arm tightened itself, in the most natural manner in the woild. around her waist. When Miss Fossett same down stairs with t!ie bag ol hops, the two were busily engaged in picking up tbe balls ot caipet-rag» wbiih had rolled away in every direction. " It was the oat, aunty,' explained Mary Ann, "She was asleep in tho very middle of the halls, Bnd when she got up and stretched herself—" " Cats are a dreadrul bother when there's work around," said Miss Fosetti. After John Fairweather had gone home with his step-mother-elect (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in tbe world jealous of M ii'S Xlda Marston now), the girl crept out in the dew and starlight to pick up tbe dried rosebuds and the scented geranium-leaves. "Oh, what a fool I was I" she whispered softly to bersell; "and bow hBppy 1 am at ISBtl" She helped Miss Maretcs with ber drosses, after all; and when the rag- carpet was sewn and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied the place of honor on Mrs. John Fairweather's dainty little kitchen floor. " Isn't it pretty, John I" she cried. " The grettiest thing I ever saw in my life," 'said* John, loolung straight into his wife's fsoe. Mrs. Fairweather laughed and blushed,and said,— " Now, John, don't be a goose!" ProbaTlly the most respeotable member o. the French presidential household is Mme Grevy. In bygone ages she is asserted to have filled tbe position eilhei ol laundress, housekeeper, or oook—or, perhaps, all throe oombined—in M. Grevy's bachelor household. In a moment of pardonable weakness, inasmuch as she was the mother ol his only daughter, Mme. Alice Wilson, bs merried ber; but not finding her presence as a wife ee congenial as that ol a favorite menial, he insisted that she should live apart from him. When, in 1871, he was eleolei President of the National Assembly, haraly any one was aware of his marriage, and his friends were only apprised thereof when, having cbkf fiogly urged that the French nation would never stand a baohelor president, be replied, somewhat plaintively: " Bot I am married 1' Mme. Gravy was quiokly summoned from her retirement in the provinces, and apart from her saying the wrong thing in the wrong place M, on the whole, a good-natured, respectable old soul, though somewhat mean and stingy in money matters. Oo« ot bcr peculiarities is that she is S3 utterahly unable to cope with long names and titles. The Duohess of Fernan-Nunez, one of tbe proudest qra"drs dames of Europe, was Spaniel) Ambassadress a few years ago at Paris. It was absolutely impossible to get Mme. In PretiJeule to addrassber oorieally in conversation. Bsfusing to call ber either duchess "or " ambassadress," she innietod on speaking to her part ot the time as Mme, Fernan, and tbe remainder ol tbe time as Mme. Nunez. from an olfactory point of view, it seems, agreeable aliment may be divided into two classes—those which are most fragrant externally, and those which develop superior odors after they arc crushed by the teeth or j tongue. Strawberries, apples, pouches, have a more refined and flower-like fragrance be. ! fore they are put in the mouth thnn after. [ Cheeses, on the oilier band, are not generally | regarded as fragrant until they are being : eaten. The odor of Limburscr is insupportable to many, who artcr they have once | I courageously smuggled it past the nasal fortress, find it very appctizine and i:ood. Jlut the most curious illustration between exoteric and esoteric odors, so to speak, is the tropical fruit callcd the durion. Externally it resembles Limburger in having an iuU'.usely disagreeable odor, but during mastication it yields "wafts of flavor that cnll to mind cream cheese, onion sauce, brown sherry,and otherincongruitics,"according to Mr. A. R Wallace, who adds that " the more you cat of it Ihc less you feel inclined to stop; in fact, to cat durions is a rare sensation worth a voyage to the East to experience." The disagreeable external odor is in this case evidently neutralised by the fraginncc that is set free as the fruit is cnishcd in the mouth. Anyone who will take up n book on the culinary art will be supriscd, in the first place, at tbc frequent references to the odors of the viands; in the second place, at the thought that in fans occurred to no one heretofore to generalize and boldly state that the sense of smell plays the first fiddle in the kitchen and tbe dining-room. He—"Miss Elizabeth, ao you play on the piano 1" SUE : " No.'' 1 HB (enraptured): 1 Elizabeth, I love you 1" \ » Teacher—" Who knows of another faithful animal besides the dog that accompanies man everywhere?" Bor: "The—flea!" Gentleman (In a restaurant) : " See hert,-sir, what are you -doing? Wiping my glass with a pocket-handkerchief ?" .WAITEB : " Beg pardon, sir—it is my owril" ^nalyBls has brought to light tbc fact that ice cream frequentl^contalns glue. Rut it never seems to hurt the. girls. Somehow its always tbe-young -nut that gets MM* 