NOVEL. The Duke and the Commoner, CHAPTER VII. (OOKXZBUXD.) BY POULTNEY BIGELOW. When the olimax was reached, Mrs. Citppiugdale was eildnt. After what Bsemed a long time to Helen, she said,— ' And yon really do not intend to be a dnohess ?' * I really do not,' said Helen. ' What are yonr objeotions to the duke ?' ' None at all,—as a friend. Bnt there is one insuperable one, viewing him in the light of a husband.' ' Beo»nfl0 yon do* not lore him ?' ' Yes, eimply that.' Yiolet was again silent. At length she said, gently, yet with emphasis, ' You married for love, once, Helen.' Mrs. Silverthorne colored. 'Yea,' she said, 'and because the experiment was a miserable failure, yon think a directly opposite one might be a suocess.' ' Not neoessarily; bat the love-matches are very often failures, for one reason or another. I am not very worldly, bat, somehow, I should like yea to mary the duke.' « It is all so different, Violet, from what I ever imagined. I cannot feel that it is meant to be.' ' Naturally it is different. It is not likely that yon should nave decided in cold blood to marry the Dake of Assingdon. Bnt here he is, ready to be married, and I cannot help thinking it ia a good thing. I liked him at K-ita Wood's dinner, very mnoh. It wonid not be a difficult thing to oare for liim, I should think,—unless one cared for some one else.' Helen looked at Violet with pathetic eyes. ' I did—I do—care for some one else,' she said. ' There, yon am the only humaa being besides Constance Vinkelberg who knows it.' At l&Bt; Violet looked surprised. ' Where—who is he ?' she asked, blankly. ' Oh, Helen! I thought I knew all your seorets, and here is something—a huge one —that I never guessed.' ' It happened—two years ago,—before Edward died.' (The last words in a shamefaced whisper.) 'Yon make me onrions to know more,' said Violet. And then for the first time the whole story was told,—of the few meetings, and the overwhelming attraction between the two persons thus thrown together,—of the straggle between duty and inclination, and the triumph of the former,—of the last good-by at Brighton, and the absolute si> lence ever since. Violet Olippingdale was the wife of -» novelist, but never in the midst of his most violent and astounding plots, whioh he always discussed with her, had the felt so absolutely overcow & with amazement as she did at this present moment. ' One thing is yet to be told,' she said. ' Helen, what was his name!' 'Victor Fistorius.' A sudden ohange came over Violet's face. ' Helen ! oh, Helen! and I saw that name yesterday in a ffalignani which was sent to Horace ! Oh, if it should be the same!' Helen half started up. ' Violet!' she cried, very white in the lips, —tell me! Is he dead S" ' No, no; not dead, bnt—you shall see the paper.' And Mrs. Olippingdale ran from the room, soon to return breathless with Qalignmi in her hand. Helen read the paragraph to whioh her sister-in-law pointed. It was the aoooant of s marriage solemnized in Paris two weeks before between a Dutchman and a Frenchwoman, and the name of the bridegram was Viotor Pistorius. One more babble had burst, one more deep-rooted hope was torn up, one more illusion was gone. From the moment when Helen Silverthorne knew that Pistorius had given himBelf to another woman, she was a changed creature. The past—a sorrowful and disappoinging one—was over, and a brilliant and promising present had begun. Before the month of probation had expired, the duke's question was unexpectedly answered in this wise. A few days after Helen's arrival In Arlington Sireet, Horace Olippingdale was -returning home one afternoon, when he suddenly met the Duke of Assingdon The two men had met before, at Mrs. Wood's dinner, and had had some conversation whioh had tended towards mutual liking. Therefore (and on account also of the position of affairs sentimental; Horace warmly welcomed the_ dake to Boston, and pressed him to dine with him that evening. Assincdon, nothing' loath, accepted; and, as Violet ecstatically observed when she heard it, * Helen's fate was sealed.' Both women felt it to be a truly monumental -Hsoasion. Even Horaoe wrote more briskly than was his jront, and his pen seemed automatically to trace the coarse of a ducal romance. The potential duchess was cool and collected outwardly,—inwardly rather reokles». Violet told her repeatedly that after dinner she should ran up-staiw to look at the baby (a morsel of only a few months' standing), Horace would have something pressing to attend to in the study, and then would be the duke's opportunity. ' * Helen 1 intended somewhat languidly, and went on dressing her hair. Half-past seven arrived, and with it the duke. It was no nse drilling the New England handmaiden to announce him properly. A duke was to her no more than the milkman, and not half so convincing, for of the one of them she had daily experience, while the other was never met with save in aristocratic romances in whioh he figured as an impossible personage. So Assingden entered unannounoed • He found the Clippingdales, and no one else. He was more than usually affable,—explained that he could not go West without seeing Boston,—such a charming town,—very English (the highest praise he could bestow),—and all the time bis keen eyes were fixed on the door. Violet was beginning to fidget, and the dinner was beginning to be spoiled, and when no one could endure it another moment the door opened, and Mrs. Silverthorne walked in. She was dressed in the purest white,—the white of the snowdrop, not of ivory,—a white whioh none bnt a perfeot complexion ean fearlessly surmount. Her eyes were starry in their brightness, her checks a burning pink. He knew when he saw her that he was to have his answer ; and a sudden strong love leaped up within him with a foroe that shook his heart. She was exquisitely composed; only her eyes and cheeks were burning. She gave Mm her hand for one instant, and sat down. ' How do yoa do, duke ?' she Said. ' Are y ou on your way to the West ?' Few women are devoid of the feline instinat, though in good ones it is more the playfulness of the innooent kittens before their claws are strong. Assingdon felt like a mouse between two velvet paws. Under the oiroamstanoes dinner ought to have been dull; but, strangely enough, it was not. Helen was all steely brightness and sparkle. Her iov6r became almost loquacious, and when both were mlent the Ciippingdalea' filled the pause?. Assingdon (.xphrincd how he had drifted to Boston, and the explanation involved a greater play of imagination on.his part than was usual with him. He spnke, also, of England and the life there, mentioned his boy at Eton and his daughter in Cornwall, and altogether took his companions into his confidence in a way whioh charmed them. After ooffee in the drawing-room—for the men did not sit over their wine many minutes —the prearranged ory of the infant upstairs was supposed to be heard. Violet exensed herself and hastened to her offspring. Horace pleaded excessive work required in the last chapters of his novel, and strolled into the study. Almost before he wss <?one, Assingdon crossed the room to where Helen was sitting on a deep sofa, one arm embracing a soft blue'oushion. ' May I have half this sofa ?' he asked. 'It is like the traditional goose,—too much for one and not enoagh for two,' laughed Helen. ' You may sit there, opposite to me, where I can talk to yoa without craning my neck.' £|With a slight grimace, he obeyed orders. ' Well,' he began, ' are you glad to see me?' ' Very much surprised,' said Helen, tan' taliziogly. ' Glad, I said.' ' And surprised, I said. This is not the way to the wild Wait, you know.' 'I derided not to go. I went to your houBe yesterday, having .kept away as long as I could, and found you had gone,—whioh I thought .was rather a nasty trick to play me: don't you f Nelly and the other little woman, however, came down to see me, and told me where yoa were: so I oame.' ' Very underhand in you, I call it, to be worming my secrets out of a small-child.' 'You don't really think that? Do you know yon look mnoh kinder to-night than I have ever seen you ?—and more beautiful, too? You'll not send me away again, will yon?' He oame nearer to her, and lightly touched a fold of her floating gown. ' Does this white dress mean that you have stopped mourning?' he asked. . ' It means,' said Helen, deliberately,' that the past is gone—and forgotten.' Their eyes met. ' I did not know,' he cried, ' till to-night, how much I loved you. I will not go away again unless I take you with me.' He held cut his arms to her, but she did not stir. ' Helen, you are not playing with meF he asked, uncertainly. 'You will be my wife ?' _' I have,' she said, one slim hand keeping him at arm's length, ' a sort of a heart,— » ghost of one,—which yon may have, if you still want it.' ' Want it!' he exolaimed. . 'I should think so !' This time he took her into his arms, unrepuleed, and she felt his kiss upon her mouth. Whether in that moment she was glad or sorry she did not know. CHAPTER VIII. The New York pspers were not long in getting hold of the engagement, and how they dealt with ft I leave the natives of New York to imagine. What, was printed, however, was nothing to what was said. When a Man publishes a statement he runs a certain risk, evenjn a country where the libel laws are a dead" letter; bat when a woman states a thing verbally, who is to oonviot her? Among all the women who were amazed by the engagement, not one was more surprised than the engaged woman herself. She wondered how it had all happened. When the Olippingdalss had returned to their drawing-room, feeling pretty sare of finding an embryo duchess, Assingdon had actually blushed, and stammered out,— ' Helen has mede me very happy—we want your blessing—she is going to be my wife.' And Helen bed stood, her hand still half in his, in a state of doll surprise, as if the whole thing was a mystery. She insisted on going home next day to her children. She felt like a trator towards them, though eh a had taken a step sure to advance their interests. Of course the dnlrewent, too. He elected also to go by the same train; and, as he began to be very much in love, the other occupants of the drawing-room oar found the time pass pleasantly as they watched the pair. He was already asking her to 'name the day.' This request she constantly parried. ' £ have my opinion of matrimony,' she said, as they parted at the'door of her house. ' Come to tea to-morrow, and I will tell it you.' 'Not till tea-time?' he said, quite wistfully. ' Certainly not. I shall have lots to do/ she answered waywardly. ' Order your things, then. Women always get heaps of clothes, don't they, when they are to be married?' ' Oh, I shan't want a trousseau for an age,' she cried, defiantly, as the door closed on her pretty face and hid her from her lover. It seemed curiouB that he hid not expressed surprise at the -sudden reversal of her former decision; but perhaps he had known his own value too well to despair. Helen was not quite herself . - She was nervous and excited, afraid of allowing herself to think, or to consider what she had dooe. She ran up-stairs, to the day nursery, as soon as she entered the house On the floor, building block houses, sat the two blooming children, and by the window sat Janet, sewing diligently. After a stormy welcome from the little girls, Helen sat dawn in the chair whence she had dislodged the norse. ' Janet,' die said, * what do you say to my being a duchess ?' The face of the Scotchwoman lighted up, and her expressive dark eyes flashed. (To sa ownnua>.) 