A WATCHIAN SHOT. In Elizabeth Bay-road. A Midnight Sensation. Surprising a Burglar. A Ruffianly Follow— Shoots Without a Moment's Hesitation— Furoued and Captured — An Exciting Chase— A Constable's Close Call. Not sines tho Bridge-3treet affray in February last have the police had a more sensationdl experience with tho burgling fratornity than that whioh one of their number encountered early yesterday (Sun day) morning at Rushcuttcrs Bay, where, After a desperate hand-to-hand struggle, the capture was effected of a Frenahman who had shot and ail bnt killed a night watchman named Thomas Heavey. Though still surviving tho effects of an extremely dangerous wound Heavey is at St. Vincent's Hospital in a very critical condition, and his recovery is at present regarded as little more than a possi bility. So far ho has not boen able to give anything liko a clear account of how he who shot, but ho has related suffi cient to show that ho was fired at and wounded by a man whom he had discovered attempting to commit a burglary at a linitso in Elizabeth Bay- road. His story— what little ho could toll of it— was that at nbotit 1 o'clock yestorday morning ho was tin his rounds in the vicinity of Roslyn Gardens, and that whilst going along Elizabeth Bay-road he saw A inan who was hanging suspiciously about Oiiriin- b&h;, No; 38, until recently occupied by Mr. M. O. Cowlishaw. Questioned as to what he thought ho was doing, the stranger said nothing, but 'whipped out. a revolver, and withuut a moment's Hesi tation fired foist blank at the. Watchman, the bullet striking him in the cliatt. Drawing his own revolver Heavey returned the fire, but with a mut tered oath his assailant took to his ficolaand made" off. . Left staggering oh the footpath Heavey found . himself rapidly losing strength, bat within a minute or two a cabman named James Lane, who had heard the shots, came up, and assisting the wounded man into his cab drove off to the hospital, Qn the way thither Lane met Constable Kerr, and being informed of what had happened that officer jumped into the cab and directed the driver to hurry on to St. Vincent's Hospital. Upon reaching the top of William-street Kerr Baw Con- stable Long, and telling -bun the facts of the case pushed on to tho hos pital, while his comrada hurried off in search of Hcavey's assailant. Arriving at Roslyn Gardens, And when passing Judge Windeyer's residence, Long caught sight of a inan who, upou seeing him, immediately scampered off. Concluding rightly that HE HAD HIS MAX the constable started off in hot pursuit, and being a bit fast himself Long saw that he would quickly overl.aul tho fugitive. Over the Rushcuttcrs Bay Oval the men. went at a regular break-neck pace until within a few yards of the gate leading out on to Bayswater-road the Frenchman, finding himself olasely pressed, pullod up, and, turning round -upon his pursuer, said, " wiiat for ton follow me?" . Long replied, " You wait and I'll toll you," and was about to cover the man with his revolver when the weapon was knocked out of his hand. Somewhat dismayed by this daring and impudeni bit of business on the part of iho foreigner the constable saw thoro was nothing fnr it but a hand-to- hand fight. He accordingly rushed at his dangerous antagonist and endeavored to throw him, but this was au emergency to which tho Frenchman proved quite equal. Eventually tho men fell, aud it was then ihal a terribly fierce struggle ensued. FIGHTING LIKE A FIEND tho Frenchman rolled his captor over and over on the ground, uttering the while the most Awful , threats of what he would do. But Long stuck to his man, and landing him ono heavily with his fist, ondnavored to settle matters in that way. The blows, how ever, had very little effect on tho prisoner, and seeing that ho might struggle thero nil tho morning tho constable Bang out loudly for help. Hsaring the cries, Herbert Aahwood, one of tho hands employed at the cable tram sheds, came runniug up, and with his assist ance Long vory quickly had his assailant properly under. After being handicapped, and when satisfied tho gaino was fairly up, tho Frenchman allowed a revolver to drop which he hud tip his sleeve. Without further difficulty the prisoner was escorted to No. 3 station, where he wub immediately recognised as A NOTORIOUS AND DANGEROUS CRIMINAL, by name Alfred Gronon. Upon being searched he was found in possession of a ohieel, a common table-knife, two pockot- knivoB and a pieco of candle. With bat little doubt that they had secured the right man tho police immedi ately had Gronon taken over to St. Vin cent's Hospital, where, in the meantimo, Hoavey had been gotting attended to for a dangorous wound which tho doctors found had been inflicted in tho chest. When con fronted by the Frenchman nEAVEY IDENTIFIED GRENON, declaring positively that it wa3 he who had shot him. Upon his return to tho station tho prisoner was formally charged with wonnding Thomas Heavey with intent to murder him. THE VICTIM'S CONDITION. When admitted to tho hospital Heavoy was seen to have boen seriously injured, the opinion among tho doctors being that it was somewhat wonderfnl that he had nut been shot dead. So narrow was his escape, indeed, that had the bullet struck him a quarter of an inch higher or lower he would have been killed, forit would have thon passed through tho rib9 and penetrated the aorta. As it was, however, the ball entering the chest on tho right aide of tho breast bone hit ono of the ribs, and after making a most pscaliar circuit was found near tho angle of the right shoulder blade. No attempt to extract tho bullot was mado nntil late on Sunday morning, whon Hoavey was successfully oporatod upon by Dr. Scot Skirving and Dr. Mulicr. Upon recovering' the leaden missila these gentle men were not a little surprised to find that thero were imbedded in the bullet several small splinters of bono, which very plainly showed tho terrific force with which the rib must havo been struck, It was also neon that Hoavey must have been very close to his assailant when the latter fired, as that part of bis breast where the bullet entered was greatly scorched. THE PRISONER. In Alfred Grenon tho polieo havo once more secured under lock and key a man who, when last sentenced for burglary, was informed by tho prosiditig juago that he was a " dangerous criminal, aud an absolute menace to society." A dangerous fellow Grenon certainly is, one, in fact, as Con- Stable Long said last night, wiio would send anounco of lead intoyouwithout tho slightest compunction. Under tho aliases of Lipotto and Michel, Grcuou has been known to the polieo now for some years. By tho general public ho will probably lie best remembered for 1fl3 rather sensational attempt to bureio tho residence of Mr. H. E, Cohen, in Dar- lingiiurst-road. On that occasion he was very timely interfered with by Mr. Cohen, wbo90 sudden appearance revolver in hand induced Gronon to leap for his life from the balcony of tho housa. Retreating irom tho grounds under a fairly warm, fire tho Frenchman managed to get away, but little more than a day or two alapsed before ho was rather smartly cap tured by Constable Arthur whilst com mitting a burglary under arms at Wentworih- Cou.-t, For this last offence Grenon wab sentenced to fivo years' penal servitude, and has only recently been liberated from g00'- Previous to his con viction in 1839 Gronon served two terms of six months each for stealing. This morning, at the Water Police Court, Alfrod Grenon, alias Lanarte, or Michel, was brought before Mr. Edwards, S. M. He was charged with shooting at Thus. Heavey, with intent to murder him. He said nothing iu reply. Constable Long, who arrested tho accusod, applied for a remand till next Monday, which tvas granted. Iu appearance the Frenchman is A mild but frowsy-looking individual, below the medium height, and of slim build, lie is a man of about 40 years of age. constable long. A fine, stalwart fellow of about 28, Con- stablo Long was something more than a match for tho unscrupulous ruffian with whom fie had to deal. When seen last night at tho police barracks Long didn't have the semblanco of a scratch about him. Thi9 is more than could bo said of Grenon, whose features wero " visibly affected." Responding cheerfully to a request for a short narrative of his own little brush with tho burgiur Long assured us that it was about the liveliest rough-and- tumble ha had ever had. To use his owu words, it was no kid glove affair. Continuing, Long said ; " In the firBt placo I wnB ory lucky to drop across the follow, so quickly. Immediately I saw him running ttwuy I reckoned ' I had my man, and off I tore after him. Ho was a fairly good flyer, but I'm pretty swift on my loot my self, so in that respect wo started lovel. Of course tho oniy- risk I was exposed to was iu the event of the fellow turniug and firing boforo I could get up to him. However, wo went At a merry pace ovor tho reserve till we reached tho entrance near tho cabla tram shod. Grenon then siaokonod, and, coining to a standstill, sang out, 1 What for you follow me V I replied, ' Wuit and I'll toll you,' and was covering him with my revolver when the beggar knocked it out of my hand." "Probably ho thought you would ho in cautious enough to stoop and pick it up Again ?" wo suggested. ."That was exactly his little game, I think," roplitd Long. "But if he thought that thon he's a bigger fool than I took him to .be. No fear, I wao not on for stopping or doing . anything else so give such an unscrupulous fellow the ghost of a show of' gotting me at a disad vantage. Leaviug my revolver where it was I made a grab at Grenoh; and I soon sow it was either he or i for it. - The only thing that troubiod mo was a rovolver which I could seo he had up his sleove. He kept making the most desperate efforts to get it down by raising his arm to his month; but - 1 know the weapon wAb there, and thoro I nioant it to stay until either I . took it out myself or lie dropped it. Well; wo struggled pretty violently for some few minutes, when I thought it beet to call for help, and I did. A young follow named Ashwood then eariio over from tho cable tram shed and gave mo a hand. I soon iiad my troublesomo prisoner secured then; and wtthoue loss of time I took him to the station. Early in the morning I and several others returned to the spot where we had been struggling, and found thrco or. four cartidgcs, which youmay bo sure had fallen out ot Grenon 'a pocket. "When we cxaminod tho revolver it was fully loaded, -so that after shooting tho watchman ho lost no timo in refilling the empty chamber." 