VICTORIA THEATRE. -4"-- " PHE AMAZONS." As the Brough and Boucicault season draws to a close, the admiration of the public appears to become more pronounce d, and the last scenes promise to be as successful as even the most enthusiastic could have predicted. The company have a remarkably fine roper toire, and as there has been no tendency to prune the setting of the original metropolitan productions the citizens have displayed their •appreciation of the sterling manner in which the pieces have been presented. Last even ilg the capacity of the theotto . was taxed to the utmost to provide accom modation for the large number of ad mirers who desired to witness the production of Pinero's popular farcical romance, "The Amazons." The latitude allowed an author in such a work is practically unlimited, and in that before us the playwright has given full rein to his fancy, and drawn from the boundless dtores of his fertile imagination a comedy which is essantially fautastic, and equally vivacious and amusing. The opening scene shows " The Tangle" at Overcote Perk, a glimpse of indescribably beautiful woodland scenery for which certain parts of England are so justly celebrated. The seat is the home of the Marchioness of~ Castle Jordan, a .woman who tersely seems herself as a melaucholy, maternal muddle, because she has been doomed .to disappoint moent in giving to the world three daughters when her heart's desire would have been ac complished in the birth of a eon. Her feelings in this respect seen to have been fully entertained during his lifetime by her husband, a man of commanding staturo and powerful physique. In relating the story of her disappointment to her spiritual adviser-the Rev. Roger Minchin-tho Marchioness gives expression to her husband'u chagrin on the birth of the first girl by repeating his words to the effect that she had made a mull, and lost a season's humting for nothing. The asrival of the second daughter preyed on his spirits, and causod disunion in the family circle, and the appearance of the third affected him so seriously that he quietly gave up the ghost. With a view of clanking the chains an inscrutable Provi denco had wound round her the Marehionois determines to make her girls as nearly boys as possible. She accordingly attires them in male costume, has them drilled in muscular: exercises, trained in outdoor sports, and cent shooting with the gamekoopor. As a natural result the girls become somewhat mnasculin in manner, and conceive the most withoring scorn for feminine observance as regards nomonelature. Noolinoe is designated "Noll;," ~ilhelmina is called "Billy," and .Thomasin "Tommy.' Although so much at home in the field and gymnasium the damsela l have genuinely femrinine hearts and their feelings spring to the surface in a manner that should hcave been anticipated by any but a blindly foolish mother. While paying a visit to a friend, Wilhelmina and '1 homasin meet the Earl of Tweoenayes and an aristocratic wreck, Count do Grival, a vivacious Froecbroan, and the gentlemen lose their hearts without a struggle. Noelino, who has been spending a few days in London, returns home anid re lates a strange adventure. She tells her sisters that, having wished to eoo the world's metropolis by night, un fettered and alone, she dounned male clothing, and sauntered out in the West- end. During her perambulations her indignation was. aroused by the sight of a man in the act of striking a female. She sped to the rescue, tumbled the assailant over with a well directed blow oni the chin, rushed tway, and then with true womanly instinct fainted in the arms of a man who, it transpired, was her cousin, Lord Litterly. He convoyed her to his rooms, and upon reviving she borrowed his cap and escaped, labouring under the idea that she had been recognised. Unfortunately, she had lost a valuable ring, which, it sub sequently transpires, was found by Litterly, and caused him to become aware of his cousin's identity. At this juncturo- the Marchioness is suddenly called to London, and during her absence Tweenuwayo, Grival, and Litterly make their way to Overeoto Park iii the hiop of meeting the 'young. ladies. After some exciting experiences they: achieve- their object, and ingratiate them selves so far with-the fair trio that they are entertained at an al fresco luncheon. ' Lit-" terly induces Noelino to tattoo act initial on his wrist, and is shortly afterwards alarmed to find that the colouring matter usedl in the process is the salp of a psOi. sonous root. Thomasin conceives the notion that Litterly is persecuting. Noelini with his attentions, and in the hope that he.will leai ' the park she writes Gfival a a nto, hskirid that he and his companion will pretend to departl and meet Wilhehnlmina and herself in the wesa wing of the house in the evening. 'After. perusal the note is thrown down, and in picked up by Litterly, who decides to join the party. He accordingly follows the others at t the appointed hour, and in his ,vwnc wordo: scales several miles of roofing before making his way into the gymnasium by the aid of. t rope suspended for the purpose of exor ielse. Immediately afterwards the ladies; accompanied by their instructor, enter and commence their -exercises, which ao interrupted by the appearanco of.-.' of the visitors. Some indignation. is ex-: pressed at the intrusion, but satisfactory ex-. planations follow, and the Sergoant is won - over by Litterly. The three couples ongage in a fantastic and exciting dance, and just when the fin has risen to a maximum the Marchioness and the Rev. Roger appear. The mercury sinks to zero in record., tinme. At the instant that a hurricane of vituperation is about to descend on the hceadi-c of tihe luckless males, the Mciarcehlioness is staruck by a fancied resemblanco in Iititerlyio her departed husband. The horizon cl earn ciagically, and tihe happiness of all is securced, the ladies appear in femiinine ovening sou tumo, and the visitors are asked to dinner. The dilaloguo is humorous and crisp. amnd the oituactions are oxceedicgly funncy. The leaid ilg charactors were, of course, the three girls, acd the parts wore admmirably sustained. As Noeline, a Mrs. Brough was exccedlngly charming, and entered so fully into the part that .she woni tie undivided admiration of the house. Her acting throughout was sucperb, and her vigor ous porformancce with a pair of Indian clubsc showed that physical exorcise has not beeoon overlooked in her traicinig. Miss CGibson's inmpersoccation of the lady Thomasicn clbo won the approval of the audience. HIor sanoy swagger and cool asjucmpion of man liness were carried cut in ac original and emusinicg manncer. Miss Noble ropro secnted the mnost femiinino of the threte girls, and her sentiumentality proved a good coctrast to the moro brus?que charnccteristic:i of the other sisters. During the evcuing 'he sanlg two very tunefiul soleolions. Iisil Iromer appeared to advantago as tohe sell' willed iand imperious Marchlioncess, and Miss Dudlay capably sustaimed the paret of Sergeant. Shuter. As Lord Litterly, Sir. Tithlo:adgo had an impersonation which suited himc perfectly, and his puriicayal was iltuiral, easy, and successful. As the sic'.ly scoin of a dying hIouse Mr. Wcardl displayed a great deal of ability, and hlt faithful ropresontation evolked a laIrgo fuud of amusoment. As the Conti do Grival, Mr. Bouoicault had a part which required a great amount of skill to faithfully pucrtray. His interpretation was clever in ovecry sense, and to a lar g?o extent tihe success of thie porfce m anco was cduo to his skill. MIr. Brough ca, ractrised the Rev. Roger MIii.clhin excel lently, and the romnaining p:rts wore capIbly sustained. To-night the company nmmlo their fareweoll appearance in " Osto," and a bum per house may be expected. 