. S.ORMLIGHT, On THE NI~HILIST'S BOOMI, A Story of Switzerland and Russia. By J. E. MUDDOOK, F.R.G.S. Published by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) CHAPTER XXXI.-Continued. ' Well, there's something in what you say ; but still I don't like to be driven out like a dog-at any rate, I shall not go to-day. I'll sleep upon it. You know that if, in the first instance, when I came you had got me this money I should have gone. But you told me that it was impossible at pre sent-that you had drawn all the money you could get for the time being. Well, I believed that, and, being in comfortable quarters, I was content to wait. But yesterday, as you were away, it suddenly struck me that I could get some money; and be sides, I am rather smitten with that woman of yours.' The Count turned upon his torturer like a lion at bay, and, springing at him, he seized him roughly by the throat. What the consequences of thhis encounter might have been it is difficult to say, had not Bertha sud denly appeared on the ecene. Two massive purple curtains screened the doorway that gave access to the salon, and she came from behind these cur tains, and the reason she was there was this. After leaving her husband, she felt very unhappy, thinking that she had spoken too harshly to him, and she turned back to salve his wounded feelings with a kiss, but finding ho had gone out to the verandah, she went into the salon in tending to call him, when certain words uttered by him to 11osso caused her to pauene and listen, and she heard much that had passed. And now as she so unmexpectedly came on the scene, she was white as a ghost, and, under the influence of intense sup pressed excitement, she trembled in every limb. 'Count, husband,' she exclaimed peremptorily, ' for my sake leave that man alone.' Like one who had been whipped, the Count shrunk back, while Mosse shook himself and straightened his collar. Then addressing him, the Countess said ' Sir, I know not who you are, nor what you are, save that you are a villain. But I wish you to under stand this distinctly. The Chateau is mine. I am its absolute mistress and owner, and therefore I command you, and order you to leave it.' Mosso's coolness had left him, and his face was scarlet. He flourished his fist menacingly at the Count, and exclaimed ' Yes, madame, I will go in due time. But the thirty thousand francs I was to receive I won't accept now. My price is a hundred thousand, aid I'll budgo never an inch till I get it.' Bertha uttered a cry, and seemed as if she was going to faint, so that her husband caught her suddenly in his arms, and carried her into the salon. But she freed herself from him, and drawing herself up and looking at him sternly, she said 'There is some mystery and some rascality hero, and until you have ex plained it all to me I'll be wife to you no longer.' Then she left him standing there as if he had suddenly been transformed to stone. CHAPTER XXXII. THE BLOW. The Count stood for some moments perfectly motionless, until aroused by a heavy hand being laid on his shoul der. He turned and faced Mosse, who was pale now and agitated. ' My worthy Count,' he said with a sneer, .' you have insulted me, and I will makeyou pay dearly for it.' ' Aro you mad ?' asked the Count hoarsely. ' No. I was never more sane in my life.' ' Theni why. do you act like a mad man! Do you wish to ruin me?' asked the Count in an appealing tone. * 'I moan to ruin you,'. answered Mosso cold-bloodedly, 'unless you comply with my demands.' 'If your demand for a hundred thousand francs is persisted in,' said the Count with a despairing sigh, 'you may rest assured it will not be complied with.' ' Then, on your side, you may rest assured that I will crush you.' 'What have I done to you to do .serve such animosity?' cried the Count. 'Done! Why, you have tried to throttle me, and a man doesn't generally feel particularly amiable to wards his would-be assassin.' 'You stung me into forgetfulness of myself by your reference to the Countess, and I was scarcely respon sible for my act. Forgive me. Be generous for once in your life. Accept the thirty thousand francs. Go away, leave me in peace, and believe that I will not neglect you in the future.' A saturnine smile spread itself over Mosse's fat face. He had recovered his self-possession and was cool again. He drew his cigarette case from his breast pocket and offered the Count a smoke. But his mind was occupied with more weighty matters than smoke, and he rejected the offer. So Mosse took one himself, and lighted it before he answered. Then, as he ejected a stream of smoke down his nostrils, he said slowly 'This matter wants deliberation, and I'll think it over. The thirty thousand is to be paid to- day, is it not.?' ' Yes.' ' Well, I'll cogitate a bit, but mark this, my sweet youth, should it come about that I go from my word and accept the thirty thousand, and you aro sufficiently well acquainted with me to know that when once I have said a thing I stick to it, you may make up your mind I shall stick to you. If you have opened out a gold mine I am going to share it with you. We are partners in this affair, and I swear to God that if you attempt to shako me off the concern shall be dissolved.' The Count sank into a chair, and covering his face with his hands he uttered a despairing groan. 'Well, upon my soul, I declare you are an infinitely greater fool than I imagined,' said Mosse contemptuously. 'Did you suppose for a moment that as soon as I came to know of this stroke of good luck of 'yours I was going to allow you to enjoy it all alone.' ' No; I thought nothing of the kind,' returned the wretched Count, with another groan, 'but I thought you were dead,, or failing that, that you had lost all trace of me.' Mosse laughed coarsely as he ex claimed 'How loving you are, my Count. You thought me dead, and hoped so. Ehli? Well, you see you have made another mistake. Your whole life has been a mistake, you know. In the present instance your light was not to hidden under a bushel-at anyrate, so far as I was concerned-and, as you have chosen your course, you cannot be so unreasonable as to suppose that I should not take advantage of your rascality.' The Count looked up suddenly with an angry flash in his eyes. ' Oh, you don't like the word ?' said Mosse, scornfully. ' Well, I suppose it's in accordance with human nature that rascals don't like to be told that they are rascals. But, at any rate, you wouldn't like me to call you a saint. Because, if I did, I should be a liar. Your title is a bit of very thin veneer, and it only needs to be slightly scratched to show that you are no better than you ought to be.' The Count groaned again. These probes and thrusts evidently tortured him. He rose at last-sprang up suddenly to his feet-and in a husky, half-choked voice said 'Spare me your gibes and jeers. We'll drift to perdition together if you like, but at least you should have the common sense to see that by making exorbitant and unreasonable demands you are rendering everything impossible, and you will only end by doing yourself out of a good thing, and ruining me.' ' Well, there is something in what you say,' Mosso returned, ' and I'll think the matter over.' ' Will you take the thirty thousand, and leave the house to-day?' de manded the Count. Mosse tapped his forehead with his finger in a thoughtful way, and after some reflection answered 'Yes, I will.' \- The Count breathed a sigh of relief, and said quickly 'Good. The money shall be paid to you, and I will try fo make some arrangement that will satisfy you for the future.' As there was nothing more to say he left him, and went straight to his wife's room. He found her weeping bitterly, and, throwing himself at her feet, he clasped her hands, and ex claimed ' Bertha, forgive me for the misery I have caused you. Have pity on me, for I am stricken to the heart, and tortured beyond the expression of words.' She pushed him away angrily, and asked ' Who is the man Mosse, and what is the power he holds over you ? Remember I am your wife, and I have a right to be in your confidence. Unless there is some very dreadful secret between you and him you should not hesitate to tell me all. De ception can gain you nothing, while frankness may knit us together again. At any rate, until you have cleared up the mystery, I will keep my word, and be wife to you only in name.' He seemed overwhelmed with con fusion, and bit his nails in puzzled distraction. Then he turned to her, and, assuming a somewhat command ing tone and the air of one who felt as if he had been wronged, he said 'Bertha, you are pretty hard upon me, and perhaps I deserve it. I ought to have told you when Mosse first came here what the relations were between us. In my military days I was a little redkless, and per haps wild.. I used to play cards a good deal, I am sorry to say, and this man lent me money at exorbitant in terest. I left Mayence in his debt, and as he has got to know that I have married well, I suppose he thinks to blackmail me by threatening to ex pose some of the follies of my youth. There, are you satisfied ?' ' Is that all?' she asked, looking at him incredulously. ' Yes,' he answered, but betraying guilt of conscience by his manner. The interview was interrupted by the entrance of a servant with a note addressed to the Count. He opened and rad 'it. 'This is from maman,' he said. ' She asks me to go at once to Beau S6jour, and receive the thirty thou sand francs, as she has nobody at present she can send with it.' 'But what about Mosse?' the Countess asked. 'Ho has consented to accept the amount and leave.' ' Where is he now ?' 'I left him on the verandah.' ' Go round to maman at once,' she said, ' and hurry back.' He was only too glad of the excuse to got away, but before leaving the room.he wanted to kiss her. She re pelled him, however, saying 'No, not yet. The breach is not quite closed between us.' He seemed surprised and cha grined, but, shrugging his. shoulders and bowing, he said ' Very well, as you will, Bertha. Au revoir.' A few minutes later she went to her window, and saw him going down the carriage-drive. She watched him until he had passed out of the gate way, and had proceeded along the high road until a bend hid him from her view. Then she went to her glass, straightenedher hairand wiped her face and, throwing a'laco shawl over her head, she went to the verandah. Mosse expressed surprise at seeing her, and his eyes flamed up as he gazed on her beauty, for beautiful she really was. He rose from his seat, and offered her a chair. She did not accept it; did not thank him, but, drawing a little away, said 'Herr Mosse, I have come with a definite purpose. My husband has gone out, and taking advantage of his absence, I have to come to ask you what there is between you and him ?' 'Nothing very serious, my dear,' Mosse answered with a leering smile. 'Address me with respect, sir,' she answered angrily. 'And if it is nothing very serious, as you say, then you have tried to bully us into subjec tion. If he really owes you thirty thousand francs-and I am charitable enough to suppose that you and he speak the trut on the subject-you shall be paid, and when you have got your money you must leave here in stantly, and I shall hope never to see your face again.' ' Well, you are at least candid,' said Mosse, ' but if you'll permit me I'll make this remark-it's hardly worth your while to make an enemy of me. I have spoken lightly of the connection between me and the Count, but, after all, it is not a very light matter. I could if I chose tell you something that would startle you, but you know you cannot expect to get much out of me if you treat me with such an utter want of respect.' 'You are a devil!' exclaimed Bertha. allowing her feelings to over come her, and scowling at him with disgust and anger. ' You are a beautiful witch!' he cried, and with a sudden and agile movement he caught her in his arms and kissed her. She uttered a shrill scream, and two of the domestics ran in to see what was the matter. The- Countess twisted herself free from Mosse. Her face was brilliantly scarlet with anger, and her eyes were filled with fire. ' You filthy dog !' she exclaimed with passion. Then, turning to the surprised servants, she said, ' Summon the coachman and gardener hero, that this insufferable blackguard may be turned out.' 'Stay,' said Mosse sharply. 'If you do that you'll curse the day you were born. I'll crush and break your pride in a manner that will astonish you, and you'll never again be able to hold up your head.' The man's words startled her. They seemed to her ominous. She felt frightened of him, for the idea forced itself upon her that he was possessed. of some knowledge in connection with her husband that it would be more than unpleasant to have made public. ' I'll leave my husband to deal with you,' she remarked, ' but I won't con taminate myself by remaining in your presence another moment.' She hastily withdrew, making a motion to the servants to follow her. Mosse seemed rather disconcerted. 'So, so, my pretty fiend,' he mut tered angrily. ' I am a filthy dog, am I? Well, I'll take some of that starchy pride out of you before I have finished with you, just as sure as you have got a head on your shoulders.' About three hours later the Count returned. He found his wifeagreatly agitated and distressed, and without any reservation she told him all that had happened, concluding by saying 'If you are a man, if you have any respect for your own honour and for me, you will horsewhip him and kick him out of the house. At any rate, unless you prove to me that you are not his slave, and not in abject fear of him, I will return to my mother's house, and I will drown myself rather than live with you again.' (To be Continued.) 