Pussy Id eiie Corner. Cats are subject to moBt of tbe diseases which nflHat the humah raoo, and will ire- qaontly " oatoh " a fevor from its siak mis- troos or littla playmate. Whon a oat seeks a dark corner, noglcots bar toi'.ot, and has a hot nose, oho is Biak and, a trifling romody now will prevent some mora scrioas disorder. ' A oity oat should have raw meat onoe a day, in tho morning. At night give bor a hearty moal of warm bread and milk, or gravy in tho plaeo of milk. Always ro member a eat will' cat most anything, if it bo warm and woll moistened. Bavo milk or water whore sho can gat it, and in a olean diob, for Mrs, Pusb is dainty, and will oooin to drink dnBt-aovorcd milk or .water aa qniokly as you would. A eonntry oat, who has plenty of out-doors, should havo meat twice a day, a piece as big ao an ogg each timo, and cat into mouthtuls. Kidney or liver is thoir favorite, but too muoh of tho latter or of oysters may cause dinrrhcou. They must have grass and plonty of it ; it is as neaossary to them as Bait ia to us, It would pny in tho eity to raiso gross and oat- nip in a box for these pots. Should a aat bo attacked with fits or con vulsions, throw over her a shawl or rug to prevent damaga to herself or furniture ; a whifl of chloroform, ethor, ammonia, or, look ing thoso, nn onion freshly oat, will ofton givo reliof. Should oho oontinua to ory pito- onsly,1; with eyes wido opon and glaring, pro- toot tho hands with glovos, grasp her firmly in tho shawl and with a sharp pair of saissors snip the ond of tho ears ; a tow drops of blood vrill bo sufficient ; let her stay in a cool, dark place, and for several days feed sparingly with warm bread and milk. Ono of the most valnabio remedies for cats and Bcoail dogs is sweet oil. Ona-hnlt table spoonfal in thoir milk is seldom rofuBod. In auBes wore poisoning is suspseted it is tho best and certainly tbo easiest remedy. For inflamed eyes apply a wash of warm milk or weak borax and water. A aat will oatoh oold.aueeze, and havo alltho symptoms of influenza ; greaeo the nppor part of her noee and administer one- hall teaspoon of oastoria or balsam ; if eho has a soro throat wrap it with a flannol wot with Arabian Balsam and' keop her away from the children. Oats with kittens should not be roughly bandied or frightened, or she will miscarry or suffer duiiug confinement. Do not kill all bor babios; loavo her at least ono nntil snob time as it oan eat othor food than its mother's milk. Should her kittena die and tho mother ooffcr from swelled breasts, rub them with aumphoratcd oil or even warm lard, and give aconito and belladonna alter nately. Some people and doctors aro ashamed to prescribe for oats, bat thero can be no loss of dignity in euoh a humane act. Fussy will bo a silent ghost gliding through the honse, or ohe will be an intelligent, af- fectionato friend (not a slave like n dog), ac cording as aha is neglected or loved and cared for. - I cannot oloso without a protest against the oraclty of leaving a cat to " get its own living " while the house is closed during tho snmmer montha. Give her shelter, and pay tho butcher and milkman to feed her, if there is no friend or homo where the con be oufiiod. 