SIR JASPAR'S WARD, OR THE WRAITH OF TREVOR PARK, BY MRS. JULIA S. HARRIS. Chapter III. " Mr. Vivian immediately trans- ferred Jeffries to me and most kindly saw to all the necessary formalities for my release, and he insisted on my drawing on him for all necessary funds for my journey. No doubt but for his kind assistance my return to England would have been delayed some days. Jeffries secured two passages in the first boat that was leaving for England, but before sailing I telegraphed to Gladys at her father's house to meet me at Trevor Park on my arrival. "A few days later we reached Trevor and as I was too weak to bear any ex- citement I retired to my room, while Jeffries went to inform my wife of my arrival. In a few minutes he rushed in white as a ghost. " ' My God ! my God !' he gasped. " 'Man, what is it ? Tell me, or I shall go mad ? I exclaimed. And then he told me that Gladys had been mar- ried to Joe Madden, my head game- keeper, six months before, and that a child had been born; that they were now living as man and wife at the keeper's cottage on the estate. How it was brought about I learned afterwards, but now all Jeffries had stayed to hear from the housekeeper was that Gladys had been recalled to Trevor Park on the plea of my illness, but when she arrived she found that I was not there, but in- stead she was met by my mother, who upbraided and vilified her in the pre- sence of my cousin Archibald Trevor for inveighing me into the marriage and then sent her to her father's house. " I stared at Jeffries in dumb amaze- ment. ' And my mother ?' I enquired. " ' Is here, Jaspar,' came in soft suave tones from my mother, as she glided into the room. 'I am delighted at your recovery, my dear son. Our friend the doctor tele- graphed to me an account of your won- derful recovery. I did think at one time of asking a few of our friends to meet and congratulate you, but I was afraid the excitement might be too much.' "And before I could recover from my surprise my mother had imprinted a Judas-like kiss on my cheek. I saw at once the role my mother intended to play; that of an injured but forgiving mother—injured in my marriage to Gladys and forgiving me my folly; her hypocrisy repelled me. " ' What is this story, madam ? Where is my wife ? Why is she not here to meet me?' " ' Your wife, Jaspar ?' in a tone of surprise. ' I am afraid that you have not quite recovered from your accident and are suffering from a delusion. You have no wife—— ' " ' Gladys Tremaine is my wife, ma- dam, I demand to know where she is.' " ' My dear son,' exclaimed my mother with a light laugh, ' have you not forgotten that foolish escapade yet? I hoped you had grown wiser. Tremaine's daughter is now the legal wife of our head gamekeeper Madden, and her parents considered themselves for- tunate in being able to find a man who would marry her under the circum- stances. You are well out of the en- tanglement Jaspar. Forget her, and, when you do marry, marry one whom I shall be glad to receive.' " ' Infamous woman!' I exclaimed. ' This is your work. Leave my pre- sence and this house, ere I forget that you are my mother.' "My mother became furious and no longer dissimulated. " ' Yes,' she cried, with a bitter sneer. ' It is my work. The accident played into my hands; it was the chance I needed to enable me to thwart your cleverly laid plans. You thought that you would marry her again in England, when you were of age, and so make your marriage legal and oblige me to receive her here as Lady Trevor. You never will. She was regarded as your cast-off mistress, whom you had gone abroad to avoid, and it was my influence with Madden and my payment to him of a sum of money that induced him to marry her. Did not I tell you that this chit should never displace me here ? Did you think that you would bring her here to laugh in my face—mine? I do not care for your threats. I go amongst my own people—I snap my fingers at you. I do not remain at Trevor, but you cannot bring her here —I am content!' and with a look of scornful contempt at myself and hatred at Jeffries, who stood close behind me gravely watching her, she swept from the room. "I, on Jeffries' entreaty, waited as patiently as I could for him to bring the carriage round to drive us to Mad- den's and in less than twenty minutes we were driving furiously from the house. "The moment we reached Madden's cottage I rushed in, followed by Jeffries. Madden rose from the fire, where he was smoking, and with an evil smile on his face demanded to know our business,. " ' My wife, man," I cried; 'where is she ?' and in my excitement I seized him by arm. " ' You are too late. Sir Jaspar. Tremaine's daughter is my legal wife now ; married to me by the consent of her parents. I suppose I shall lose my place now you have come home again, but where I go Gladys goes too,' And he threw me roughly off, " Your mother at this moment en- tered the room and was about to rush towards me, when Madden pushed her roughly back. " ' No, no, Missus, none of that,' he said, you must not run away with Sir Jaspar again.' "Enraged at this rough treatment of his young mistress, to whom he was at- tached, Jeffries sprang forward and struck the brute a violent blow, which stunned him and prevented him offering any further resistance to our plans. " To clasp my almost fainting wife in my arms and rush to the carriage was the work of an instant, Jeffries followed with the baby—you—whom he placed in Gladys' arms, and a minute later we were on our way to Scotland as fast as the horses could gallop. Your mother had begged to be taken to Mr. Angus, at Kelso, and by engaging relays of horses and sparing no expense we reached the manse late that night. " On the morrow, when your mother had recovered somewhat from her fa- tigue, she told me of her sufferings and the indignities to which she had been subjected, and it was then, and not till then, that I learned the depths of my mother's treachery. " Not content with upbraiding the poor girl with our clandestine marriage, which she avowed was illegal, as we were both under age, my mother told her that I had purposely misled her in order to make her my mistress, but that I was tired of the connection and had gone abroad to break it. All the artifices and deceptions that two unscru- pulous persons could devise were used by her and Archibald Trevor to deceive Gladys and her parents as to my inten- tions. " After a few months, at the instiga- tion of my mother and on her represent- ing to the Tremaines that I had deserted their daughter, they insisted on Gladys marrying Madden to save her reputa- tion. Madden was a cringing detest- able fellow, a mere tool of my mother, and whose open admiration of Gladys had been a source of annoyance to me during our engagement. In this I be- lieve he was encouraged by my mother, who would have liked him to have mar- ried her, but the open aversion expressed by Gladys for him prevented it. " The double shock of her detestable marriage and my return were too much for one of your mother's delicate consti- tution and a few months later she died. "After your mother's death I took counsel with Mr. Angus respecting your future and he advised me to leave you with them; they would take care of and educate you ; there would then be less danger of Madden finding and claiming you, as he had threatened to do, than if I took you to Trevor and placed you in charge of the housekeeper, as I thought of doing at first. " I very gladly accepted the offer of Mr. Angus to take charge of you and left you with them, I myself going direct to the Continent. When next I saw you you were just seven years of age—no doubt you remember my visit when I was introduced to you as your guardian. This was the first time I had seen you since you were a baby, and our meet- ing revived afresh the recollection of your mother's death, and I felt her loss and the enforced separation from you keenly. " At this time Madden had not been seen in the neighborhood of Trevor for several years, but he reappeared, and I was informed that he returned at inter- vals of a few years, prowled around the Park for a short time and then left again. " I did not meet Madden till about twelve months before you bought the practice at Rockville, when I met him quite unexpectedly one evening by the old quarry, but did not recognise him till he spoke. " 'I have a word to say to you, Sir Jaspar; I have no doubt you'll be glad to hear it,' and he leered into my face. ' I'm thinking of living near here again. I know where my son is and I mean him to keep me. It ain't likely I'm goin' to work any longer and my son— you hear, Sir Jaspar—my son—kept by you and going to be a doctor.' " ' You lie,' I exclaimed passionately, ' he is not your son and will never own you as his father. I have succeeded in hiding him from you when you might have done him harm; but he is of age now—you can have no control over him. Your threats are vain.' " 'Well, Sir Jaspar, we'll see. You thought you had hidden the boy from me, did you ? I discovered where he was twenty years ago, but, says I, "Bide a bit Joe Madden, let Sir Jas- par keep him awhile—wait till he's grown up and Sir Jaspar fond and proud of him, and then claim him as your son, unless you're paid well to keep quiet; and that's what I mean to do. My threats are vain, are they? Would you like folks to know that his mother ran away, from her parents' house with Sir Jaspar Trevor and after three months he deserted her, and your mother, Lady Trevor, made it worth my while to marry the hussy ?' " I had hesitated to stop when Madden accosted me, fearing we should quarrel, his manner was so offensive; but, knowing the power he had to work mischief and the scandal it would create if he circulated a garbled report of the circumstances among your patients of the future, my solicitude for your wel- fare induced me to listen to him that I might learn his intentions. But, now, as he uttered these words of abuse I could no longer control my passion. I sprang at him and rained blow after blow upon his shoulders with my heavy riding-whip. I was too enraged to re- flect on what the consequences to my- self might be of this attack. My only thought was to give him the thrashing he deserved for slandering your mother. My hatred and detestation of the man —pent up for so many years—found vent in those few moments. " ' Contemptible dog l' I cried, as I plied my whip, 'how dare you say this to me ! Gladys Tremaine was my wife.' " But my strength was soon ex- hausted. Madden was a tall, athletic man, much stronger than I, and after a short but severe struggle he obtained possession of the whip. It would have fared hard with me then, but, without either of us being aware of it, in the struggle we had approached close to the edge of the quarry, and as Madden dragged the whip out of my hand he stumbled backwards and fell against the fence surrounding the quarry, the rotten timber gave way under the shock, and he fell over on to the rocks, a hun- dred feet or more below. "I ran along the edge of the cliff till I came to the old road, which was the nearest way to the spot where Madden had fallen, but when I reached him I found that he was quite dead. I think that his neck was broken. " About a week afterwards Madden's body was discovered by some boys and after an enquiry a verdict of accidental death was returned, the general opin- ion being that he had taken too much drink and in the dark had fallen into the quarry. I took no notice of the matter, as there was nothing to be gained by doing so, and no one sus- pected me of any knowledge of the affair." As my father finished this story of his life he sank back exhausted and after a time fell into a calm sleep. So calling Jeffries to take my place I left the room. I could not rest, the house oppressed me, the indignation I felt at the story I had heard set my pulses throbbing. I, heir to this large estate, son of the man I had always admired, my life's history marred by a wicked scheming woman, and that woman so nearly re- lated to me. It was monstrous, un- unnatural. I walked outside and bared my head to let the cold frosty air play on my heated temples, and it was some hours before I again entered the house. My father did not wake till late the next morning, when he seemed more bright and cheerful, though still very weak and deeply impressed with the feeling that he would soon go to join my mother. He expressed the wish that I would not leave him while he was awake, which I did not, and re- mained with him the whole day con- versing at intervals. Towards evening he again fell into a peaceful slumber, so leaving Jeffries in charge I wandered out into the park and from there was almost irresistibly drawn in the direction of the old quarry, which was situated just out- side the Park enclosure. The bright moonlight brought out in bold relief the weird desolate scene, and as I leant against a tree I again went over the events enacted here. As I stood lost in reverie an unusual sound fell on my ear and I turned expecting to see-I know not what; but to my intense surprise it was my father himself. He was fully dressed and carried in his hand a heavy riding whip. He looked younger than I should have thought possible as he walked firmly past me. I was about to speak when I heard a rustling in the bushes near me and a man sprang into the light. It was Madden. " I've waited——" he began. "Dog," thundered my father, and the heavy riding whip which he carried descended with full force more than once on Madden's shoulders. Madden sprang at my father and they closed in a fierce struggle, to which there could be only one con- clusion, Madden was so much more powerful than my father. As I stood spellbound watching the struggle I was horrified to see them gradu- ally approaching nearer to the edge of the quarry till they were only a few feet away. In another minute Madden had wrenched the whip from my father's hands, but as he did so he stumbled backwards. He gave a cry as he realised his danger and made a mighty effort to save himself, but too late. He fell backwards over the quarry, and a moment after I heard the dull thud of his body on the rocks below. My father turned and walked slowly back in the direction of the house just as the village clock struck twelve. I was too awestruck and astonished to move as I realised that this was the wraith of my father and that of Madden enacting again their parts in the struggle my father had described to me only the night before. My heart was filled with forebodings of coming evil as I hastily returned to the house. Jeffries met me at the door. " He's gone, sir !" he exclaimed. "Who? " " Your father, sir; he passed away in his sleep." " Dead ?" "Dead, sir," Jeffries repeated. "When did it happen, Jeffries ? I ex- pected to see an improvement when he awoke." "It was ten minutes to twelve, sir, when I discovered he was gone. He did not wake again after you went out." Mr. Letch, my father's lawyer, arrived the next day and in the interval before the funeral he explained to me fully my legal position. The estates were entailed, and he made it very clear to me that there was but the remotest possibility of my suc- ceeding as the next heir to the title and estates. To do so I must be able to prove without doubt that I was the son of Sir Jaspar Trevor, born in lawful wedlock. There was no doubt of my moral right, but it was his unpleasant duty to inform me that the law regarded me as the son of Madden. Mr. Letch had duly sent notice to the next heir of the death of Sir Jaspar and the date of the funeral, when he would read the will; and great was the surprise when the lawyer read— " To my dear son, Alexander Tremaine, registered and sometime known as Madden, all my real and personal estate, subject only to an annuity of £100 to my old and faithful servant, James Jeffries." Jeffries after my father's death entered my service, and, as you remember, died about five years ago at an advanced age. [THE END.] The total subscriptions towards the State Schools Relief Fund now amount to £1822 2s. Id. 