THE DYING PARLIA MENT. WHAT IT HAS DONE. ITS ACTS AND ACHIEVEMENTS. PROMISES AND PERFORMANCES. LIST OF ACTS PASSED. THE STORY OF THE SESSION. Every man's life, so Mr. Barric says, is a diary, in which one proposes to write a certain story, and actually writes quite another. Every Ministry's life, ho might have said, if there had been politics in Thrums. 12 n l;n rkL- ivitli AHA nnlini, nn tic title-page and another in its leaves. Not the Dibbs, or tho Parkes, or any other kind particularly, but all kinds. Circum stances are things neither Ministries nor individuals have control over, and the policy put forward never so alluringly is hard to stick to. No doubt Sir George ! Dibbs and his colleagues have found that out; if they haven't, the country has. What chaugings and choppings have been ; seen since, in October, 1S91, when, Sir Henry Parkes having resigned because the House refused him the adjournment of a debate, Sir George Dibbs came hi, "like a thief in the night," as he said himself, with a Government the Individual strength of which surprised everyone, and hope told him a flattering tale! At that time Mr. Reid was on the fence, making much capital at the Protestant-hall as an opponent of the particular sort of federation theu proposed; and Mr. Barton, having denounced Sir George Dibbs as a daily conundrum whom everyone gave up, figured in support of the Parkes Government on the motion that put them out aud brought him In. Now, Mr. Barton, after a term of service under Sir George Dibbs, and a tearful Jonah's sever ance, is a sort of power behind his throne. Mr. Reld Is the leader of freetraders, who have all but got him into office once or twico; Sir Henry Parkes, erst the Colossus of the political world, sits lonely on the horse shoe bend; and Sir George Dibbs, who was regarded as a republican not unconnected with deficits and buuglings, is on tho box scat as an Imperialist and a man with backbone. The labor party, too, who came in when this Parliament was new, and announced their intention of giving support for con cessions, of squeezing Governments so that the masses might get more of tlie leisure, tho treasure, and the pleasure of life hitherto monopolised by plutocrats — they have cut their wisdom teeth. One remem bers the things they were pledged to — federation, not on Imperialistic lines; an eight hours' day; a Department of Labor; elective magistrates; taxation of the un earned increment; regulation of factories and workshops, and of coalmines; abolition of the plural vote; colonial execu tion of Government contracts; and ever so many more reforms. Then the "demo cratic party," after the labor split, who went in for these things in conjunction with the abolition of pensions, a land bill, and so on. These are for the most part mere ghosts of a disappointing past, spectres that never assumed bodily form, and only last to mock the trusting electors who thought the labor members bad but to smite the rock for milk and honey to gush out. Then what a bewitching song Sir George Dibbs sang at the time when he told the Wagga electors how Mr. Slattery would make the Mines Department hum. He held to protection, and would enforce it; favored borrowing only for permanent or reproductive works, doing others out of revenue; and shouted for local government, taxation of unimproved land values, courts of conciliation and arbitration, law re form, regulation of coal-mines, and — "next year" — federation. However, men's ideals, political or other wise, arc always ahead of them, and though labor members and Minis ters may have failed to reach the promised land, yet the Parliament ban done the State some service. We have to remember, too, that its lines have been laid in troublous times. Members were barely started on their reforming crusade when financial institutions began to tumble about their ears, and the domi nating necessity of the time was legisla tion to relieve many people from the pres sure of tight places. The Bank Issue Act, Current Account Depositors Act, Joint Stock Companies Arrangement Act, and Bank Notes Act, make up a very fair tes timonial to the occasional uses of a Legis lature. What has this Parliament done? Be sides tho measure just alluded to, it has in the first place levied a Customs tariff, the paternity of which is now universally re pudiated, the incidence of which is so fearful that Sir Julian Salomons, who helped to impose it, is debarred by Us penalties from bringing works of art from Europe. But. some things may ho account ed to the Dibbs Government for righteous ness, such as the completion of the Sydney Hospital, tho Trades Disputes Concilia tion and Arbitration Act, the Funded Stock Act, and the Noxious Trades Act. Under its auspices Parliament passed an Electo ral Act, which, though it produced u tre mendous, and as yet unexhausted, crop of difficulties, at least satisfied the clamor for one man one vote. The initiation of a funded stock scheme is another of the Parliament's products, and so is the es tablishment of labor settlements of the ex perimental kind. Then there are local government in respect to vine diseases, a new basis for the Hunter River district water supply, amended law for the custody of children, and other achievements of less importance. But a tax on unimproved land values, local government, law reform, and fede ration, four planks that ought to have been regarded as vital, are as far off as ever. Taxing land the Government have never tried, except in connection with a Local Goverrment Bill that pined and died In tlie nursery. Apart from Customs taxes, their only serious fiscal effort was an in come tax, which the Council rejected with little ado, and received the thanks of tlie Premier in his cooler moments. The well- heralded " ear-marking " scheme came to nothing. Federation, after being dan gled before tho people as the apology for Mr. Barton's Ministerial life, was manifest ly out of the question — If it over had been in — when Mr. Barton and Mr. R. E. O'Con nor retired as a result of the Government being condemned for their acceptance of briefs for the plaintiff in Proudfoot v. the Railway Commissioners; and, indeed, the subject was nevor properly approached, ex cept by the Council. Coal mines regula tion has been stopped by the Council; and as to law reform, which Mr. Reid used to be so strong on, it has never been more than an impalpable theory, except that an hon orary Royal Commission is now presumed to be wrestling with it. A man does not realise till he reaches middle age how impotent Parliament really is, says Mr. Arnold White. Onco realised, however, it will be understood why the labor members have not set the Thames afire. The story of their split on the fiscal question after they had agreed to "squeeze" the Parkes Government is ancient history. It needn't bo gone into, except to the ex tent that out of it the history of tho Par liament Is principally made. They severed into two parties pretty nearly equal, and thus gave the Government the balance of power. From protection enforced through the Customs, etc., by Mr. Lyne; in support of local manufacturers, tlieGovcrnmcnt went on, surviving shocks, threading their way through many shoals, and now and again all but stranding, until they got tlie now Electoral Act and proclaimed tlie old one out of court, so that Parliament might be said to be no longer in touch with the peo ple. Because there could thus bo no elec tions, tho Government remained in office after thev we... fairly beaten last Decem ber, and Mr. Barum and Mr. O'Connor went overboard. And un tho other hand, sup pose the labor .section (which lias generally been solid on labor questions) bad lived in unity, tiie probability is that, they would havo supported a Government no better than this one. or arrayed the anti-labor j section more formidably against them. In an unwieldy, talkative Parliament like this, where the professional politician blooms resplendent, anything might hap pen. 