OTHER LANESB In Normandy. Peasants' Homes and a Haunted Chateau. Why is it, I wonder tliafc oi.e class of humanity ia always asking itself what the Dther claea is doing, how it livee, and mmi its customs are ? It was no doubt a curiosity of this kind that prompted ua, the other morning, to drive into the country to visit some of the peasants' homes that lie hidden among the bills, back of Houlgate. True, we had no Invitation to these places; we did not even know the farm-owners by name. After all " aristocrats " have very bad manners compared to the poor laboring Bless. This struck me most forcibly the other day, and 1 felt really ashamed of myself end friends as we boldly entered the gateway to ihe Cr3t fatm. It would have served us right had we been rudely treated and asked to vacate the premises. AB we approached the low, thatched-rool building, with the grape-vines covering a Vide verandah, the horee-chestnuts spreading their refreshing shade far over the honee, a more perfect picture of comfort conld not easily be imagined. Hearing the sound of carriages, three women made their appearance at the door, and seeing we were " du grand monde," BB they say hereabouts, three low courtesy s were dropped and a most cordial welcome extended us, much to my relief and surprise. They were evidently flattered by our visit, and far from offendrd, BB I had expccled. They wore the regulation peasants' costume— short skirt, white blouse, waists with sleeves rolled up above the elbow, long aprons, neat caps, and Wooden sabots. One of the young men rang ft huge bell at the side cf the houEe, where- Cpon a stable-boy camo and led onr horses Off, and the father and brother of the family B8EiBted ns to alight Bnd led as on to the porch, where they requested us to rest awhile until a light refreshment should be prepared. In a short space of time a long table was brought out and set before us, Epread with a snowy homespun cloth and laid with quaint old blue china-ware and glass. Pots of golden honey, jugs of cream, loaves of black bread, pats of yellow butter, cakes, cream cheese, so celebrated throughout Normandy, cold meats, snd a pitcher of cider, made up tbe feast. Every member of the family waited upon us. and treated us BS if we were old snd valued friends, but none of them sat at table with ue. We did full justice to this homely fare, after which the interior of the house was shown UF, and peeps into huge linen- ^reeses vouchsafed UP,where piles of bleaohed and unbleached cloth lay ready as part of the " dot" to go with the first child leaving the home neat. The floors in the house were all scrubbed to marvellous whiteness and tLen strewn with a fine white esnd ; in some of the rooms the sand was laid on the floor to imitate mosaic designs, but the tread of many feet soon obliterated the pretty work. The old homestead was most comfortable in every resprct, and the old- fashioned furniture in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Large carved oak armoireB. spinning-wheds. high-backed chairB, fcurpost bedeteade, and quaint tables that would bave brought their weight in precious metal at some fashionable auotion in the capital, were thought nothing of by these people, except as anoeBtral souvenir keepsakes. Great quantities of shell-work adorned the walls, and even made up the principal bric-a-brao upon the tables and etsgerea. The fireplaeoa were ell those great, generous ones that take in all the family and do oat leave any one out in the eold, as some of our modern grates are apt to do. As we expressed our appreciation of tbe oomfortable surroundings, the facea of both men and womea fairly beamed with gratified pride. The dairy, etablee, poultry yard and piga were next shown ua, and from the cool, airy milk-room to the ety in the back yard, was one perfect delight of cleanliness, prosperity aod plenty. These people are never idle, and for that reason bappy: they are content with what they bave, do not envy any one and live lives cf peace snd good-wiil to all men. Each face bears marks of the sunny nature within and our visit to La Bretecbe, as this farm is Jailed, put better thoughts into our minds for daya to oome. Jhe day following our country visit was a grand fete-day for Houlgate. Races, a concert, and a ball at the casino were to be the great features of the occasion, and about two o'clock we were all assembled on the beach to witness the races. A strange place for races you will, no doubt, rightly remark, but these were not to be ordinary ones at all, in fact the noble coursers were not to be two-thirty roadsters in the least, but two-footed creatures of our own species, and little, long-eared donkeys. The beaoh lay white, smooth and hard, with the tide far out. In the judge?' stand were a gay party of women of fashion and wellknown about Parisian clubs. By the expression of interest on all faces, one wonld have fancied that a fortune was at stake, but in reality the prizee consisted of a gold cup for the donkey races, a leather medal and riding whip for the races to follow. First came the men's race in baga, the most comical sight I ever witnessed. Each man was done up in a large grain-B&ck; up to his waist, and when the signal was given about thirty of these ridiculous figures started on the hop, skip and jump; aB to tunning that was out of the question, and most of tbe band finally went on all foura. Next followed the donkey race, the jockeys being gentlemen riders, attired in long, lownecked, white baby-dresses with different colored eaBhes and close caps. The winner of this raco was to be he who 'got there last.' Aa the bell rang for the start, the donkeys all started on a dead run, and to atop tbem waB as great a feat as to get them to go at most times. They sc-emcd to understand tbe jcke, and with ears well up and taila straight out they rushed madly along. All the " wboa-ing" in the world had no (.fleet upon tbe stubborn little beasts, snd the one that reached the heme-etreteh l&et; was only just a head behind the ethers. Of all ridiculous sigbte this was indeed the most ludicrous, and the peals of laughter from the lookers-on almost drowned the pound of the sea. After tLe outdoor eporte wc adjourned to the conceit-hall end listened to a very good amateur concert, the proceeds cf which went jo the pcor of tbe village. The ball in the evening was a rnoet brilliant allsir—in fact one mipht easily have believed one's self in tome salon of the capital had it not bccu that the ladies were not decollete and very few jewels were worn. The surroundings were moet beautiful, the ballroom represented a tropical garden,hung with colored lanterns. 1 found here a grtafc relaxation from the usual rigid b3ll-room etiquette of Paris. Young ladies danced more, and it was not thought out of place to allow the same name to appear even three times on one's dancmg card. At Bupper-time the chaperon did not select her charge's eBcort, but left it to h:r own wise discrimination, only sitting at the same table in order not to throw off all vigilance. Early hours are respected here, for, wonderful to relate, the French ladies rise at a most reasonable hour, and are often seen at nine o'clock in the morning dressed for the day— no, I should not say for the day, as two, three, and even four changes of toilet are made, and tbe thought of one dress for the whole day would abEolutely soandalise these fashionables, An energetic little Frenchwoman, and quite the leader of fashion here this season, Mme. de Beaulieu, has started a most delightful olub for l&dies; to help pass the hour. It is called by the qjger title of " Nous Res'istons" Cwe resist), and it is devoted Bolely to sword and pistol practice. We have a notable teacher from the rueEfopolis, who devotes two hours twiee a week to our meetings. Our club-room is a large tent, erected on the beach, and divided off into the fencing-room and the target-range. We wear a gimple pretty costume of blue flannel, made witb Turkish trousers, short skirts, and blonaa waists. The etyle of dress leaves all one's movements perefctly free, and enables ns tc cultivate great ease and grace of posture. The exercise is most delightful, and-; _we thank Mme. de Beaulien daily for her brilliant idea. Some one is always planning a new amusement or pastime here, and each day brings forth some original ideas to add to tbe enjoyment of our already thoroughly butterfly existence. Not long ago a courageous party of citj visitors made the bold proposition that wc Bbould start aome evening after dark, and drive to an abandoned and ruined oaatls which lies eight miles from Houlgatfl and ie supposed to be haunted. We were to tak< our supper c?ith u?, and have a moonllghl picnic among the ruins and wait till the myEtio hour of tw.Ke o'cioeli, when tha ghoeta ore txii-c ed u walk, before returning home- ward. Tin-j pi'.n met our view3 most favorably, and about; ight o'clock, one evening last woek, the large coach and several small carriages Btarted f'otn the villa and from Borne of the houses adjoining ours. The moon was just beginning to show itself over the top of a high hill in the distance; the night waa soft and balmy, and we were all in the best of spirits, hoping oven to meet the restless spirit of the old chateau, and making wagers as to who. would dare go along into the darkest corner of the ruin. The drive was only too soon accomplished, and we clattered into tbe coqrt-yard of the Norman caetlo juet an hour after we left home. Ruins are generally picturesque, but somehow this one threw a greater charm over as all, with ita pillars and arches touched to Bilver by the moonbeams, than we La 1 expected. One tower of the chateau stood almost complete. Time had only covered . partB of it with moss and vines, that clambered into every casement and barred every doorway, bat roand about lay heaps of stones and masonry, broken columns and shattered arches, that told a tale of the years that muei have pasBed over this once magnificent dwelling. We spoke in lowered, tones, and we walked with hushed tread through thb crumbling walls. The braveat of us felt that it would be oat of place to laugh here; none of us felt liku doubting that some spirit did haunt the old tower, and I am certain bad a band of whiterobed figures appeared oat of the rains and begun to dance a ghastly, old-time reel, none of as would have been in the least surprised. Borne one whispered, " L f :t ua move on to some place that is not ghost-like," and we wandered on to .an jopen spaoe of ground that the kindly moon lit np most beautifully. Here we all eat down on ehawls and tags. After a short pause, every one began talking at once, aa if feeling the necessity of rousing each other from tho enchanter's spell which had fallen upon BB. " Don't think any one will go back to that place at twelve o'olock," a timid voice spoka out from opr circle, and the remark was anewered witb a hearty laugh and frank confessions that the ruins and the ghoata could bave it all to themselves at that hour for all we cared; and to effectually chase away any sombre thoughts that might still be lurking in'our minds,we turned our thoughts supperwards. To alter the general routine ci French picnics, instead of having brought everything cooked and prepared, the gentlemen had volunteered before leaving home to oook all that wc would require. A large fire was soon started, Bnd every one set to wcrk —tbe ladica to arrange the table, tho gentlemen to assort their pans and casseroles, and the servants to assist here, there, and everywhere. It was great sport, thin cooking out of doors at night, with the moon above ua like a great ccntral chandelier, and the carriage-Iemps about like so many fire-flies &t; a fairy feast. And such a euppjr we sat down to I No wonder Frenchmen are Buoh gourmets if theyOP.O all master the culinary art as perfectly as our friends did the other even, ing. Chicken a la Bordelais, crab a Jaicrcole, potatoes a la Kiclielicu, and oysters en ioquillcs were only a f;w of the thinga;that made up a most sumptuous menu. ; Some one had brought a guitar, some one else a flute, and another a violin, and after we had enjoyed our repast, the musicians of tbe party suggested an impromptu danca. Partners were hastily engage d, and up to tbe stroke of twelve we danced on the smooth greensward to our heart's content. Just aa the last notes of the minute diet! away, a white iigure appeared on 'the tovret and blew a long and loud blast from a trumpet. We all started to our feet, white with tcr< ror and speechless wiih an untold fear. ,,-Btu it was only my rogue of & cousin who had played us this practical joke. ~ < 