CHAPTER ir. Thera are few scenea id Imow /.faland more grandly rugged than ilia Oban Yalloy, Tara naki, tho .spot wliero the volunteors hnd fixed their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of mealing tho rebel Maoris. It was Christmas live, the time night, a oalm lovely night, with moon anil stars studding tho dark blue canopy of heaveu—as on .the night of tho advent of tho Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. Tho camp was composed of Bix hundred rank and file of tho Auckland Rifles, to eethor withono troop of Caverahatii’a Horse. Tho latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adjacent to where tho commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop, tec of their number had been told off as a gnar.i, under tho charge of Sergeaut Kxloy. Tho supply of grog and provisions are only limited am.! needed but one sentry at a time to keep watch Shd ward over them. Thore wero six quarter casks of ri!?n staudiog in a row flank ing tho stores. Tho sergeant; cftilod the guatd together about tho watehfire and said : “Comrades, 1 need hardly remind you of the genoral order issued this morning. We ate pndec martial law here in the field. Colonel Eartopp, as you all know, is a very striae officer, and will punish tho slightest noglcot or carelessness with severity. Miud that, and, above all, remember that any man found neglecting his duty will most as goto the triangle:. You uuderstand ' Thoy appeared to understand vory well; they glanced towards the ru’u puuol;eo:is, and thought tho sergeant u worthy tn v0" cern himself about their wmiare. i'?e-!;; were others about ttie lire who did not be long to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had ovideutly seen more of the ocean than terr.i firma, if one might judgo by his gait and his conversation. His name was Boh Cable, and while the sergoant warned bin men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rough nose of a magnificent water spaniel at his side. Tho experiment with tho dog appeared equally interesting to another individual, viz., a hare-lagged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The boy, who answered to the non? do guerro of “ Sandfly," was one of that gender known as a camp-fag and general knock about among the troopers. Ho could speak Hngiish pretty well, bo tar as lying went, and was withal ono of the most mischievous young vagabonds in Mnoiiland. As tho night waxed apace, there arose a keen east wind, which made tho air biting cold and set tho white tents shivering lilro so many sheeted ghosts under the moonlight. Tho Maori lad, prowliug about for some place of shelter for tho night, found a snug corner beneatli the tarpaulin whielt covered tho stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu ally thinned until only two persons remained seated by it — Charles Stanton and Bob Cablo. It was easy to perceive that a warm and siuearo friendship existod between these twain, yet no men wore more opposite in person and disposition. The one handsome, gentlemanly, and refined in bearing, but weak and yielding to the vergo of pusillanimity. The other coarse, plain of person, yot obstinate and determined as a bull-dog. How came theso two to bo friends ! Simply through one little act of kindness. At the storming of the Maori stronghold “ To Ilanga,” Bob Cablo lay bleeding to death outside tho enemy’s trench, from a sovero gash in ilia side, received during tho attack. Tho volunteors were repulsed, but at the risk of his life Charlie Stanton walked uoollv out to the trench, and brought in tho wounded man upon his hack, amidst a per fect hailstorm of Maori bullets. It was a gallant, kindly act, aud Bob had often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than And hero they alt by tho fire, with the dog between them, and a small flask of rum which has been emptied to tho dregs in fighting their Waikato campaign oror again. Presently there is a call for number four of tho guard. Charlie Stanton rites hurriedly-, withes Cable “ Good-night,” ana answers It is his turn for sentry, UDd he is marched ov-r to relirvo the man posted on tho stores. Silence cow reigns throughout the camp, save for the wild screech of t?>e pelew out yondoi by the lake. Sandfly, crouched uuder tho friendly covering of tho tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams, by tho sound of voices in the vieiuity. The Maori noise lessly lifts ono end of the covoring, and peeps forth. Sergeant Kxlov is standing with i panuikin in his hand, talking to the sentry ir n low, earnest touo. “ Indeed, Charlio, I seo no great harmir taking a glass of grog on such a cold night We are not in town, where it could bo easily obtained, therefore ono must got itby stealth. Of course, you are on sentry, aud can pre vent my taking any, but I must eay a small half pint out of one of these casks woulc never be missed." “ Perhaps not," answered Charlie Stantoi carelessly. “ Pray do as you please you; have command of tho guard ; but I say, Jixloy, what about that lecture you gave us respecting General Orders and Colonel Bat' topp’s stern discipline 1 ” The sergeant laughed in a quiet way ant replied, “ Wait until you’re promoted again, Charlio, then adopt my plan. Ono side fot tho men, tho other for your friends. Surely you were not impressed with my caution. Lord, I feel inclined to roar sometimes at all the fuss and humhng put forth in General Orders or otherwise. Red tapo and bunkum, Bunkum and red tape, to the end ol tho chapter. I’ll bet Colonel BartoDo has not retired to his tent without a skinful of [ good liquor. Why then should wc, comrade, J Tvho have to watch through the long night ] in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle, when | it is hero ready at our hand 25’ \ “Bravo, Exley ! Very woll argued. My, orders are to allow no one to meddle with the commissariat except tho quartermaster, but, 1 repeat, you are my superior gdicer and— there are the casks.” “Good. This fellow hero seems a little apoplectic. Wo will bleed tiim.” “ With all my heart, hut how will you do it, through his bungholc ?” cried Charlie, laughing.” “"Not Only a bungler would go to work that way. Seo here, X have a gimlet. Now, keep watch whiio I spile this fellow’s froutis ^ Clement Exloy cast a triumphant look at hi3 companion ore he went down on his Irnees to bore tho rum puncheon. Had the good natured inconstant dupo seen that loolt ho would have thought twica before hobnobbing with the aubtlo and crafty ecoundrel before him. But Churiio Stanton, measuring mar. by hia own standard, saw nothing in it save a good follow in want of a nobbier, and who had pluck enough to hazard bin sergeant’s stripes for it. Crawliug from his laic as silently as a ser pent, Sandfly beheld Exley holding the panni kin under a thin stream issuiug from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gur gled S3 it spouted into the pot. U hen tho utensil was full, Charlie hold his thumb to tho hole until tho Sergeant plugged it up “ Now, comrade, take a nip. tl Afi or you,” said Charlie politely. “ Tho cirls we loft behind us,” and the ser geant put tho liquor to his lips, but ho did not drink any. “I’ll give that pledge with all my hoart,” responded Charlie, in proof of which ho almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath for tho moment, hut that was nothing, tho night was cold. “ What do you say, shall wo refill the gob let, Stanton “ I>y all means, Ex ley,” and tho pot was replenished. 4 ‘ I did not oxpect wo were going to have such ii jolly time in general,” said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puucheoiis, with tho can of rum between his knees. “ Come, Clem, take a sip and pass the decanter.” In a short timo the measure was again empty, and once moro refilled.. Tho fiery spirit was at least twenty decrees over proof, and soon heean to tell on tho trooper. “ We must be cautious, comrade, and not arouse tho sleeping guard,” said the sergeant, as Charlie beoamo rather noisy. “ It is now past midnicht, and I don’t expect the visit ing officer before four o'clock.” “ Oh, bother tho visiting rounds—pa»3 tho pannikin, Clem.” “ I suppose you don’t mind my reliev ing you when your two hours ara up, Charlie?” “ Not at all. I am content to remain hero until daylight, providing you leave me tho gimlet. Here’s your health, Clem, and may yon live to boa general.” Tho Serceftnt watched him with glittering eyes. 14 Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy,” ho said, “I? Nonsense. Hero, hold my carbine ; the pot is empty.” One a.m. by tho sergeant's watch, and tho sergeunt'3 companion is growing thick of speech and rather propy. In another half hour the poor dupo is stuirgeriug about. The sergeant watches him—watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gone. Thou Exley knows that tho bird is snared—the rat safe in the trap. The officer of the night begins his rounds earlier than was expected. At three a.in. the commissariat guard turned out at his | summons, aud was dismissed a* correct. “How many sen trio? .have you, Sergeant [ JjUUy?'’ [ only oii5, captain.1, “ I will visit, him.” It was usual for two men of tho guard anu | tha niin-couunistloned oflicer in charge to aocompany tlio oflicer when visiting tlio sentries. Exloy called two of his comrades, who conducted the captain over to tho stores, hut, of course, there was no one to challenge their approach. “ Hall !" cried tho officer, ‘‘how’s this f \Vhcro ta your I eorecnutV” lie asked in a Ilefovt* ioe question could be answered tho Maori lad emerged from his hiding placo and pointed out tho dark inert form of tho tipsy sentinel; stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought from tho hut and they tried to rouso him, hnt in vain. There anpeared no need to enquiro how tho man cot drunk on his poat. The leaking cask, the gimlet and tho pannikin half full of liquor on tho ground beside him told its own talo plainly. “ This is a very unfortunate matter,” cried the sergeant, with well-foigned regrot in hia tone. “ What is to bo done, sir'f" “ T)ono! Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of course,” respondod the captain. “ Carry tho poor devil to tlio guard-tant, and put another man in his stead. I’ll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return,’’ Morning came with its rosy blush, tinging tho hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment into renewed lito. It found Sergeant Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering oif the fumes of intoxication. “Is this hut tho prelude to her dream?” he muttered. "Gad, it would seom so. Hero are tho oirele of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder tho Oban Lake gleaming in tho early sun, like a burnished shield. What morel Shall tho curtain rise lo-day upon tho first act of the dream ?—the formed square, and tho man tied to tho triangles ? Wo shall seo. Charlie Stanton, it would have been well had you or I nevor aeon Iviora Solbv. Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou wakest thou will soe tho cat ready: and now to snatch an hour’s rent.” He turned into the tent, and at that moment the voice of Sandfly, was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards tho tout occupied by Bob Cable. (to isk continued.! 