AMUSEMENTS. THE DRAMA, &C.; Dan Barry may olaim the proud distinction of boing the solo representative in a managerial sense of the genuine drama in Melbourne at the present time. His efforts at tho Alexandra to keep niivo the lambent flame upon tho altar of art nave not gone unrewarded, as the publio have so far enabled him to keep tho doors open, nnd tho " Ghost " still stalks his acoustomed rounds on Tuesdays. There is a oortnin breezy freshness in tho style of Mr. Dan Barry and his colleagues. The restraints imposed by the con- sciousness of. alien critics boing about aro not self evident. Eaoh member of the company enjoys the privilege apparently of tho Britisher, as dosoribed by Tennyson, in that ho speaks the thing ho will, and interprets oharacter and textual conundrums with an off hand airiness that is allowod to be the invariable concomitant of genius. As the villain of a pieco Dan is not to ho appronchod, while the idcsliaod hero and heroine, tho hoavy father, the .oomio. man and tho fashionable misoreant find equally satisfac tory representatives in the troupe, whose name is as a household word in the remote rural dis- tricts of the ooloniee. Frank Soudamore is tho complement of Dan Barry. Thoy were created for eaoh other. The one without tho i othor would rosemblo a fiddle without strings. Soudamore may not bo absolutely a mere imitator of Pettitt and Sims but he has evidently oaught tho spirit and -i-ii largely in the modes adopted by their school, .file, color is laid on thiok nnd slab j tho shading is as dense as though it wore applied with a mop, and the treatment of the subject is thrillingly gruesome. True Metal is a drama that furnishes an apt illustration of what -we urge. It consists of a series of sonsational tableaux, whioh. form tho base and framework of tho play, tho dialogue nud text throughout being only the outer covering, whioh oomplotes the work. The play opens with a sketch of John Foster's mill, with aronl poud in the foreground and the property wheel in position, an oxtenslve landscape filling up the background. In tho second not tho outoasts of London are dopioted m ail thoir sordid wretchedness and poverty with the usual contrasts thrown in of St. Gilo! nnd St. James. Any ploturo of London would bo incomplete without the Docks'," and those are drawn in Mr. Little's best style. Wo have nut a London rag store, followed by a conflagrating and a miraculous rescue from the flames, ttis fifth not bringing matters to a alimax. Mr Daizeil plays Harry Denbigh, supposed to be j wild young fellow of genorous instincts who livos with his undo, tho parson of the village where tho first soono is laid. He is the accepted suitor of Vinnio Fostor and has a rival in Samuel Stadc, described as a millionaire. The latter, in order to coeroo tho old miller luto favoring his pretensions for Vinnio's hand, buys up all tho property in tho neighborhood, the mill included, and threatens with eviction ail who oppose his wishes. Jerry Twaddle, the rag and bone merchant, iB .represented by Miss Ely Mostyu, and a prettier little ragamuffiu lias not been seen on the stago for many a day. Mr, Barry takes the business of Jim, a London out cast, and his wife, Kitty, is woll placed, and finds an excellent exponent iu the hands of Miss E. Sydney. There are tramps, polioe officers, workmen, mill hands and a host of similar supernumeraries, so that on the saore of staging tho management may be fairly complimented. In the first pot the interest oentres round ths inoident of tho doad donkey, the property of ths boy Jerry. The latter Is at his wits' ends to dis cover bow ho is to repair so sad a loss as that of tho patient animal, by means of whieh hs oarries on his trade. The villagers regard ths matter from qnito a humorous point of view, and are inolined to deal roughly with Jerry, who sharply resents their sneers, when Denbigh comes to tho rosaue, nud not only protects tho led, but furnishos him with the means of purchasing another qnadrupod. For this not of gcueroiity Jorry swoars eternal gratitudo and fidelity, and ho subsequently gives smpla proofs of the genuineness of bis protestations. Mr. Sleds then looms on tba soono, and his schomss are gradually unmaskod, the not closing with the soonndrel boing flung bodily into tho mill pood. Jim and Kitty, tho ontoaste, are tenants of Mr. Slado, who ompioys and pays tbom to be re venged upon Denbigh. Tho ruin of the latter is brought nboat by a false oh&rge; of robbery being made against him, and tho supposed proofs having been found in Ills possession, he is sentenced to a term of imprisonment. But the rag and bone inerohant and his faithful little sweetheart nover forsake him, and through their instrumentality he is ultimately restored to sooiety with tho taint of orime upon his fair famo wholly oradioatod. The acting is fully up to the morits of the piooe. The oompany has been reinforood by the addition of Mr. Oath, cart dud Mr. Gates. Tho former plays the old miller, in whioh he has got but little to do, and for this the worthy actor seems grateful. The chnrnoter is not only negative, but maudlin, nnd to he sot to do it might well make an old artist exolaim with Ophelia, " O, that I have lived to seo what I have seen, see what I see." Mr. Cates never thought perhaps that hs would one day become associated with a troupe of itinerant Thespians, and tho Theo dore of Nos Intimes 'with tho London Oomedy Oompany is no doubt a long way removed from the Rev. Thco. Denbigh, an English divine, in True Motnl, along ivlth Dan Barry ; but alroumstanaos alter oases, and it is only tho fool who refuses to accept the inevitable, or oven ths oonvenient. We might wish Mr. Oathcnrt and Mr. Cates bettor luck, vet it must he remem bered that tho oolouy Is in a transition stage, and that bo is fortunate indeed who is ablo to main- tain his ground without boing brought within tho vortex of tho prevailing business depression. Dan Barry is an notor of no moan capacity. In Jim, which is only an inversion of Bill Sykei, the amiable and humorous qualities predominat ing and the evil passions lying dormant until roused by drink, Mr. Barry finds a congenial part, and ho does it every justice, being ably seconded by Miss Sydney. Miss Mostyn is a young lady who, with study, onro end ex perience, may yet achieve n prominent position in her profession, but Miss Duggan is. too pro- nounood in tbo expression of thepuro and un adulterated melodramatic muse. It may be mentioned that Soudamoio's play bos been pro duced by Mr. Dan Barry by nrrangemont with Miss Sarali Oliver, who aots as agent in Aus tralia for the author. The pantomime of Little Red Riding Hoed oontinncs to attraot Inrgo houses at the Princess's Theatre, and thoro appears to hs every prospect of running its allotted oourso of eight or nine weeks, with unabated success. Thoro is no hotter 'test of tho exoollcnoo of a Oliristmas entertainment than the survival of ths holiday spirit whioli animates the publio at the festive season of tho yoar. Every pater- familiar regards it as n most. solemn domostlo obligation to give' the family at least ono night at tho pantomime, no matter at what oost, cither to his purse or his convenience. And the young people would havo a real grlevonco with which to start in lifo if their wishes were not consulted and given effect to in relation to suoh a popular subjeat as Little Red Riding Hood, who of all tho haroinos of nursery romance and fable in undoubtedly tlm most ad mired. The management has been most feli citous in tho selection of tho subject whioh admits of suoh nrtistio treatment, no less then in tho company whose services thoy hnvo scoured in taking tho leading oharaotcrs. A mora ingenuous nnd piotu'resque littio horoiue than Miss Yiolot Vnrley it would be diflioult to obtain, or ono moro aaaomplishcd in the various branohos of hor nrt. Mr. Grovillo has mellowed by lime, and if ho is less funny hs is ocrtainly more aeceptablo to tho thinking portion of his audience than in tho good old days, when people were not porliaps so parti cular and tolerated greater familiarities on the stago than aro now permitted. Without depre ciating Miss Jennie Lee, wb are, inolinod to think that it would have paid tho management to have seaured - the services of Miss Maggie Moore for this pantomime. Her qualifications for tho position hre oven more marked than for 1 Stndbad the Sailor, in whioh she is .the chief it ' not tho only attraction, and then the Princess's would havo ocaupied the field alono. While no one will deny Miss Leo tho possession of con- i elderablo capacity nnd dramatic furoe. sho can- wis only one of thoso. fortuitous circumstances . J-Moh are understood a. being .submitted to' by those' who cnnndt control thcfri. . ; gi, I Jliad the Sailor, at the Royal, still con tinues to draw fair and appreciative houses. The benefits, however, liavo already commenced, and thoso usually indicate the beginning of the end. The reduced prices to nil parts of tbo house have had the desired effeot, and the dress eirele more particularly proves this. This (Saturday) afternoon a matinie will bo given at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of Mr. Garnet Walcli, who is the author of tho olovorly written libretto of tlie pantomimo of Sindbad the 3ailor. The . entertainment will be supplemented by several attraotivo foatnres eqn- tribnted by various artists who have kindly lent their assistance on tho oooaslon. The biitfjiciairc has always been n favorite with tho publio, and his numerous friends will, no doubt, warmly co operate in order to rendor.tbo affair a complete orlistio and financial suo'oess.. 5 . Tho Alliambra has drawn approving audiences during the wcok. TUbi sub-aquteoijs feats, of the Beaumont family , havo ; been the. great attraction of late, and tlioy lmve now terminated their connection with' the establishment for a time at least. The management, howevor, are possessed of suoli extensivo rosouroos that we may oxpcot other, if not greater, novelties there shortly. . ' Sliino and Gourlay's Sydney - pantomimo proved short and'sweet. It wasantitled Bilbos . in tho Wood, and tho poor yonng creatures . have been left to their fate much sooner than they anticipated. .' Charley's Aunt has caught on immensely in Sydney. Boauty und the Boast is spoken of by tho Sydney press as excelling all 'Williamson and Mitsgrovo's previous efforts in tho matter of misc en scene. Mr. Bland Holt has scoured tho Australian rights of tho three last plays of Henry Pettitt. ThoG. B. Lewis family lias Btarted for the dark continent, intent upon astonishing the natives of the interior. 