Looking Back. IN joy and in sorrow, jn sickness or in health, the blessed memories of child hood's happy days are ever present, llowever darkly the cloud may lower •ver oar heads, memory still goes back to the old hQjne,theKind parents, the hearty friends, and all the reminiscences of the family circle; and the farther off those days are, as we travel •nward down the vale of life, the more vividly do those pictures of the happy past stand forth, filling us with gladness or regret as we have lived op to •r fallen away from the lessons then taught, the ideal then inculcated. In the most beautiful chapter of the whole Bible, the wise king as the >reacher summed op his experience of 1ife in the words " all iB vanity." After all his grandeur, his pomp, his sensuality, the magnificence of his temple and the splendour of his court, Solomon wailed over in his old age the follies of his yoath. Do what seemeth good in your eyes, young man, said he, bat remember there is an eternal law to guide and an eternal power to judge. Life is often described as a pilgrimage; we muBt be ever moving onwards; and in that moving there must always be a tendency to grow either light or dark— too often the tendency is towards the darbneBB. That giant tree growing on the edge of the forest, if felled, fallB towards the open, towards the light. Solomon felt that he was falling towards the darknesB; a mournful moral adaptable to each and all of as. Youth is the time of impression, it iB ,the period given us to see something. 'As a book to be studied and thought over, with every -day page, not to be (skipped as one does a novel to get at 'the thrilling climax. As a ladder, with every rung a day, by ,which we mny go Upward to the r lighter down into the Step by step Heaven is not rea^ied|it a single bound; But we build the'taodei^by which we rise From the lo wlfeartti^gwjtt vaulted titles, And we mount tolts to&mmit;, round by round. ^ As climbing up the .inside of a high tower j round and round you tramp the dark staircase, and as you mount you paBs a narrow slit, looking out from which you get a glimpse of the narrow street or the roofs of the houses. As higher you climb, the view from the slit becomes wider and wider, till at hut you reach the summit and obtain a magnificent vista of the full sweep of £the horizon, with its changing scene of city, plain, mountain, and river, with perhaps the everlasting ocean in the far distance. So we as children are ever Combing in a tower—for life, after all, ^iBJ TOry narrow and confined—getting views the higher we climb, the we get And if our glimpseB been aright, when we reach the It, Oar -last day will be but ing out into the immensity of a ill immortality. Honour and gloiy ^nme and despair, lies before all. Mto attain the former and to avoid atter, Solomon, in his summing op, Curiously enough, the noiing^all the glories of his to the ioens* of his childhood, to the incidentals of daily life and custom, for his similes of old age and death. Back to his oriental home hiB mind travels, and he pictures domestic traits difficult for us to understand, unless we had actually visited such. He speaks of the silver cord being loosed, or the golden bowl broken, or the pitcher being broken at the fountain, or the wheel at the cistern. Imagine, then, a low - built house surrounding a coortyard, overlooking a pleasant vale fruitful with olive trees ; in the plain below a shepherd watching his sheep' as they feed amid the luxuriant grass ; all speaks of rest and peace. Apffrosching the house and looking through the folding doors into the courtyard beyond, the eye catches a golden lamp hanging from a silver cord. Fancy the disaster if the cord snapped, and the lamp in falling was dashed to pieces. In the centre of the courtyard was the cistern, with a curious sort of wheel having earthenware pitchers attached to it—old miners will remember the Oalifornian pumps formerly in use. Imagine the cistern fallen in, the wheel broken down, the buckets smashed. He reverted to his old home and its ordinary surroundings to depict his mournful position. Surely, there is a lesson here for us. We look back, and some of us know by bitter experience that the silver cord is loosed. We call to mind faces that we have loved and shall see no more; we feel the touch of a vanished hand, and hear the sound of a voice that is still for ever. As the tropics are to vegetable life, so are the tender associations of home to the young; the influences then made all tend for good. The young man first leaving home feels the bitter blast of the cold, hard world strike him full in the face and he feels homesick. We may well pity those poor creatures of the East End of London, born with a curse, left to the cold blast of adversity, homeless and hungry, dying in misery and want. &.s there is a just and merciful God, these poor waifs in the life to come will the tetter understand and appreciate the bright, because they knew and felt the darker. "Come back I Come back 1" is the cry that echoes in our ears as we wayward wander forth, but the echo grows dimmer and dimmer until all childhood's influences have passed away, and we are left with nothing but a memory of what might have been. There is nothing so pleasant to behold on earth than the beauty and energy of youth, the time of airy castle building. That energy properly applied, that physical vigour fitly used, leads to a green old age, ere the golden bowl be broken. Beauty fades, strength gees, and disease steals in ; he who has lived only for the physical now finds out his mistake, when repentance is unavailing, the time being unfavourable; and we can imagine nothing more dishonorable or unmanly than for the life-long votary of pleasure to offer then to virtue a wreek. The laughter of childhood about a home is the most blessed thing in it, if the parents only knew it. Never mind their noise, their mischief, let them romp away ; for so 6ure as they are for ever being checked, nagged at, and chided, so surely will they be driven to the streets to findcompanions and to form their habits. A son brought home drunk, a moral wreck — the mother blames the publican ; she ought rather to blame herself in that her own carping ways drove her son to the streets through making his home a constant hell of petty annoyances and aggravations. We loathe " good children." Give us rather the noisy boy covered with mud and full of mischief— than the prim little puritan who sits still for fear leBt he should soil his hands and dress. The latter will never make a vigorous man; there will always .. . i be something sneaky about him. Give us rather the child full of mischief, but full of honour and truthfulness. Above all things, do not dose your children with dogmatic religion; never mind the precept as long as the example is shown. Do not make Sunday a day of gloom and horror as so many parents do for their children with, " Hush 1 Have you forgotten what day this is ?'' How often have we met such people, whose sweetest smile is suggestive of neuralgia, and their most cordial greeting depresses like an Australian hot wind 1 They go borne at night like an undertaker to a funeral, their children cease singing and their wives refrain from smiles. They go abroad in the morning like a Scotch mist from the Highlands, to drizzle discontent in the street and market place. They go to church or chapel to render its songs of praise, requiems ; and its oil of joy, ice-water; and their light shines before men as heaven's sunshine throogh stained glass, making the minister look like a variegated ghost, and the worshippers like brindled hobgoblins. A croaking raven is the device on their shields, a coffin with cross-bones the blazon on their banners. True religion is sweet as the light, joyous as ch'ldhood, and benevolent as love. Remember also, that mental vigour declines with the physical vigour. Watch the fountain of every purpose, else we may become like that wretched sot crawling past, ruined in pocket, broken down in health, with drink besoddened brain, nerveless and forceless —an object to be laughed at in scorn when he ought rather to be prayed for in pity. Every draft drawn in youth is sent forth to be cashed in old age. Too many of us have heavy overdrafts and no chance is given us to reconstruct, when the pitcher is broken at the fountain, or the wheel at the cistern. There can be no greater sorrow for anyone, when, too late, he finds out he has been living only for the physical, whilst the spiritual has been totally ignored. Success in life depends on faithfulness to some centre of attraction, and the highest success develops from the quality of the chief attraction and the diameter of the orbit of life. Avoid the nil admirari style which too often leads to atheism, whereby the chief attraction of life is lost. An atheist is an owl, who sees not, but winks and blinks in the sunlight. Avoid carelessness, which leads to callousness. Don't Care was hung, says the old proverb. Beware of violating the laws of nature, physical, mental and moral. The penalty for each breach is as certain to follow as the earth follows the sun, and each breach weakens the defence and renders the danger more imminent. To look back with gratified humility on a life well spent, to feel that the promise of childhood's happy hours has blossomed into the fruit of an honourable and vigorous man jor womanhood is to have gained a pearl of great price, only to be earned by constant watchfulness and attention to the lessons learnt in youth. Such can be gained by all if they only try. Would that more of us tried 1 The misery and wretchedness, the crime and sorrow of the woild would be lessened at least one half. The horses belonging to the murderers of Mr. M'Kay at Barraba have been found in a thick scrub with their throats cut and the brands and other marks excised. A man, apparently mad, and supposed to be one of the murderers, was found near the spot and arrested. G. J. Gall and T. W. Johnson fined at the City Court for a breach of the Lotteries Act by working an "Automatic Refresher." Mr. Justice Chubb having received a letter referring to a case being heard before him at Townsrille, has ordered the writer, who iB daughter- in-law of the plaintiff in the caBe, to appear before him and show cause why she should not be committed to prison for contempt. 