ORIGINAL NOVEL. (All Rights Reserved.) CURLEW, —or— In Days Gone By. BY HAROLD BREES. Author of ' COLONIAL SOCIETY' ' RU- RAL NOTES,' &c.; CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) ' The next morning Slasher and I. took the sheep out ; I remained with him all day. We turned their heads homewards, before the sun was over the yard rails, as we in- tended to have an early tea ; we were think- ing of the ducks. The sheep were yarded an hour before sundown. Jimmy had made the ducks up tasty, with doughboys ; that night we yarned and played cards till nigh on the morning. ' I stopped there two weeks ; sometimes I would take the dogs, when the sheep seemed steadied down for the day, and bring back a kangaroo. ' At last I considered I should be making tracks, I said good by to my kind old mates and the same night was at Johnson's nearest outstation ; there I remained for a fews days, my old mate was glad to see me ; he had heard all sorts of yarns about what I had done He told me all the news, how old Scourger couldn't find a man to manage Duke, therefore, in- tended to sell him. Scourger had flogged several men, and three of my old mates had taken to the bush, in preference to remain- ing on the run' ' What do you say boys to a nip ?' Warren asked, ' and let us turn in, it's getting late.' Douglass looked at his watch, saying, it was time right enough. Ben could continue his story another time. ' Really, I am nearly asleep,' Bascombe said, but I'll do whatever you like' They arose from the grass, proceeding in to the cave, blankets were soon spread over the stretchers, Bascombe being offered a vacant one, and shortly all were sleeping peacefully. With the earliest streaks of day, Ben made the fire, cooking the breakfast and busying himself in domestic work ; the others walked down to the creek, for the morning dip. These explorers as they might be termed had discovered this hidden line of billabongs, which always had a supply of water, during the driest season. They visited the horses, when returning from their bath. These were evidently making the best use of their opportunity, feeding on the rich grass, growing on the flat. A tempting breakfast awaited them, Ben receiving general praise for his cooking ability Douglass brought papers, Warren and Curlew were engaged casting bullets ; the others were occupied in various ways. Thus the day was spent. ' Did you hear Curlew last night, talking in his sleep ? Warren said. ' Yes I heard him giving out his prayers,' Ben said. Upon my word, I believe he has something on his mind ; what is it Curlew ?' The man thus addressed, turned from his work saying— ' Yes, I have so ; happy thoughts, not a burden to scare one's conscience and disturb his slumber. You know all the harm I ever did.' ' We know you're pretty fly ; and as deep as some of these billybongs,' Ben said. ' Make a clean breast of it to relieve your conscience ; that will stop your chanting to ghosts every night.' ' Not now,' Curlew said. ' I may another time tell you my pedigree.' Curlew had not resided in the district many months, having joined the gang shortly after their appearance on the Melbourne roads. Never becoming familiar except in an or- dinary manner, he was a favourite. His behaviour was always friendly without being intimate, securing greater respect than others in the gang, he was now bushranger and chief councillor. At the termination of the fourth day, Bascombe made known his intention to depart next morning for Melbourne, as the horses would be fresh after the spell. He thanked Douglass for the kind manner he had been entertained. In the evening they were amused with Ben playing upon a concertina, and the men singing. The grog was passed around with parsimonious care, as their limited supply was not replenished without trouble. Several songs were rendered, when Doug- lass solicited Curlew to give them one. Placing his pipe upon a seat, he sang in a nicely toned voice a bushranger's ditty entitled ' Under the morning sun.' ' An appropriate song,' Bascombe said, ' all songs of the bush impart more pathos in a wild place like this than when sung within a habitation in the town.' Many others of the company sang, and conviviality reigned during the evening ; when the hour denoted time for repose, the men approached the opening into the cave, to view the night and gain the fresh air, previous to their retiring. The stars glistened in the clear heavens, and the moon was seen rising above the dark of trees, the mountain breeze wafting a cool wind through the forest, and the quietude only disturbed by an occasional 'possum seeking its food. ' How fresh it is to-night,' Douglass remarked. ' A pity we cannot always live in such freedom, and I might add, cultivate such pleasurable fancies.' ' Men are seldom, or never contented,' Bascombe said. ' I like gazing upon the bush by moonlight ; the night birds give to it a weirdness delightful to me.' ' I can't stand town,' Douglass said. ' This bush life with ever changing scenes, has quite weaned me from streets and houses.' ' Can I do anything for you in Melbourne ?' Bascombe enquired. ' No thanks,' Douglass said. ' Perhaps Curlew may have a letter to send, he's a curious fellow. I often think there is some peculiar history attached to him, I constantly find him in deep thought.' Then joining the other men, they walked into the cave and prepared their couches, soon afterwards sleeping in blissful ignorance of all outside. The night passed and softened into dawn, brightening inperceptibly to day, when the late sleepers awoke. After breakfast they proceeded to catch the horses. Douglass and Warren proposed to accompany Bascombe to the main road, and then proceed to the Five Mile Creek, as they wished to hear about troopers movements. The full force of the cave bid the visitor adieu, and many wishes for good luck went with him. Those who remained watched the horsemen out of sight in the mallee scrub. The three men continued together until Bascombe turned into the road to Melbourne. At Five Mile Creek all information was given the bushrangers, regarding the move ments of the police ; they had it was stated been to the hotel, seeking particulars of the gang, and were ' put off the scent.' The horses ridden by Douglass and Warren were placed in the stable, and the man adjourned to the bar room to listen to Murphy. Warren soon sauntered into the hall, where he met Flora Murphy. ' Good morning Flora,' he said, ' quite well, I hope, though I need not inquire as you are looking as fresh as the morn.' ' Good morning,' Mr. Warren, she ans- wered, ' one should look well such weather.' ' Yes, he interrupted, ' you only need a crook to compose a living picture of the god- dess, whose name you possess, and whose charms you excel.' Flora hurrying past was arrested by Warren placing his hand round her waist, but merely for an instant. She turned sud- denly pushed him away and stood with her head erect, her face flushed and her eyes sparkling. ' How dare you, sir ?' she said. ' Never take such a liberty again, or I shall speak to my father.' ' But Flora,' Warren said, ' you know why I come here, often at great peril, and that you are the magnet.' ' Now this is quite enough, Mr. Warren,' she said ; ' never come again if it's to see me, as I shall not be at home, while you remain in the house ; and once for all, I must tell you, I can never be in the future more to you than you have known me to be in the past.' ' I suppose you consider I am every thing that is bad, just because——' Warren ' Yes, Flora said,' just because ; so pray don't expatiate further, but cease speaking more upon the subject; it is most distressing to me I assure you.' ' But, Mora,' Warren continued, ' I wish to explain. Only allow me a little time to prove my devotion towards yourself. I'll lead a new life, quit all my companions, and work for the pleasure of being near you. Flora, you are and ever have been, the idol of my thoughts ; it was to tell you how much I loved you that I planned this meeting to- day.' ' It is no use,' she replied. ' I cannot listen ; it is wrong ; my intentions are firm ; forget this little meeting, and as you propose, seek other associations. Your life now is full of evil doings, but I earnestly hope that your new resolve will be faithfully kept.' She rushed past Warren, who stood meditating for a few seconds. Then fixing his cabbage tree a bit straight, for what reason he could not then have explained, he proceeded to cut some tobacco as he strolled into the yard, going straight to the sliprails where only the lower rail rested in its place. He lit his pipe and sitting upon the rail, looked at a weaner tied to the bail, bellowing and foaming, trying its level best to break the green hide tether. When he had puffed the last whiff and knocked the ashes out of his pipe, he soliloquised : ' Well—she's a case ; but I'll have her yet. I can wait a little longer. I wonder if Bascombe's the cause of this behavior.' He walked round to the front of the hotel, and into the bar, where he perceived cus- tomers, who had entered during his absence. They were three diggers and their swags lay outside on the verandah. Warren sat down on the long form under the window, to await the return of Douglass and was thus able to overhear their conversation. 