The Last Fight in Armour In Temple Bar there is a short and interesting account of what was probably the last appearance in the field of men in armour. This was in January, 1799, at the town of Aquila, in the Abruzzo, Spain, then held by a garrison of 400 French troops. The peasants broke, into the town, and though they were d riven out by the French, they continued to <ive serious trouble. They even drove the French into the fort, and made ready to bom- >ard them with heavy guns. The French serein an awkward position. "Boulart, tbe •ffieer of artillery, lansacking his brains for •tie means of sending out men to spike the »uns on the glacis, under tbe fire of the m- <urgents from tbe neighbouring houses, sudlenly remembered be had seen in his magazines some suits of plate armour, and he proposed to try, whether protected by them, men oould not sally out and work in security under musketry fire. He got together twelve 00mplet« suits, and dressed out twelve gunners and grenadiers, thus selecting bier men be it remarked. At a certain hour the garrison lined the covered way, and from thence and from the fort opened a steady fire of musketry and of artillery on the line of the insurgents. Then out marched the twelve knights of the eighteenth century, much in David's state of tntnd when he complained he bad not proved his armour. The men oarried handspikes, hammers, and spikes. Moving naturally slowly and awkwardly in their heavy steel mail, still they succeeded in completing their work under a hail of bullets from tbe insurgents. The scene is described, as we can well beli-ve, to have been modt remarkable, and to { havVhaff something picturesque and also diabolical about.it- •A- 8 the mailed figures moved ' in silenoc among the guns, their handspikes j lookine like maces, their silence and the slowness of their action seened unnatural 1 under ' the steady hail of bullets. The insurgents were believed to have thought hell itself had sent forth these extraordinary antagonists, ghosts of a past age; while the French on the ramparts, true to their nature, tbe first moment of anxiety over, burst into roars of laughter." . 