OPERA 1-APENNY PLAIN AND TWOPENOE COLORED, (By titk Ghost,) v David GaiTiolr, I have road (I hadn't In thosodays began my shady oareor), noted Macboth, on the stagoof Old Drury, in tho uniform of a captain of the Lifo Guards. I may b;-, poi'haps, pormitted to romark that that was, a slight 'anachronism by Baton centurios or so'. :i Wo avo supposod to havo advanced in tho 'staging of plays sinco tho days when tho groat little Davoy and the charming Mistross Pog Wofllngton playod boforotho publio, and quarrelled, over tea and other trifles, in privato, Wo two very particular nowadays, My friond Irving (a minor aotor at a miserable thoatro in the mighty metropolis of Eng land) sont to Denmark, prior to tho produc tion of 'Hamlet' (a tragedy byarathor promising poet-follow namod Shakespoaro), In order to find out what flowors grow in tho land of Ophelia in winter time j — for my friond.Honry (ho makes mo wall: well) likes to bo aoourato. Whon this sanio friond was about to prosont to a palpitating public an historical drama doaling with a doubt fully distinguished person somotimes styled 1.1- _ /I !?»_ !J_»!V Til -f . 1111] V* tao 'cnwsu .uiueueara due moro rro quontly 'Honvy thoEighth,'ho sont toRomo in ovdov to obtain tho exaot shtvdo of orim son for tho costumo of a cardinal,— for ' don't you know, acouraoy of detail is deri sively demandod nowadays. A fow days ago J was matltudinally wandorlng in tho meadows of oloudland. I was ongaged in sweet meditation, whon n blaro of brasson trumpots assailod my oars. I wondored what tho oauso of this thusnoss might bo, and I. looked down from my airy quarters and porcoivod that tho din arosa from a fair oity namod Forth, I doscondod mid mingled in tho crowu or mortals who woro migutuy als oussing what thoy stylod ' tho approaching opera season.' I grew interostocl ana listoned. I gathered that an opera troupe, consisting of stars whioh had radiantly shone on fiustboomvillo, in tho days of its might and majesty, was about to visit Pwth and perform, for tho bonoflt of tho onrapturod inhabitants of that benighted oity, a Borlos of English operas on a soalo of unprecedented magnificence, and with aoeossories ... .complete and accurate, I anxioustyjpaited tho arrival of this aB tonishiiur assortment of artistio afflatus, It arrived I I hesitated to attond tho performances, for I feared that tho pro pertioa, sconory, costumes, Ac, of groat thoatros would bo ontiroly ovorsha dowod by tho surpassing oxcellonco of tho nooossorios of tho stupendous combination which had now doignod to cast its smiles upon tho sand of sunny Swanland, I mustered up courago, at last! Tho bills announood ' Marltana'— good old ' Maritaoa ! ' I wont 1 1 savr ! I wept ! I sobbed ! Tho shock was too nviioh for my already shattorod norvos ! Don Joso was charmingly attirod in 10th century hose, trunks, and doublet, whilo bis podal oxtromitios woro oncased in boots of exaotlv a hundrod years later. Had Don Joso' 8 waist boon onoompasRod with a broad buoklod bolt, ho would Jiavo boon an accurate reproduction of tho brigands and villains of a bygono day, who used to ourdlo thoboludof tho audioncos at tho doar old 'Surrey Thoaytor,' or tho still moro oharm ing 'vio,' whon thoy (tho brigands), doolarod tho necessity of t heir dissomblinsr, or when thoy (the brigands still) romnrkod confidentially, that it didn't mattor-v-r, as a day would come! I novor oxaotly under stood when tho aforosaid day was to arrive, or what was to bo dono when it did dawn j but that wasn't of muoh momont, and bo sides, all this has nothing to do with ' Marltana.' At tho opora, 1 f olt posltivoly hungry whon I hoard a oharming damsel, with Bmchy hair, who impersonated Laza rillo (and a vory nico Lamrillo, indood ! ) rofor to a sumptuous banquot. My heart (and digestive organs) loapod for joy \' I raised my eyoa and saw—a tablo covered with a rod oloth and lavishly furnishod, ro gavdloss of oxponao, in a manner likoly to most materially injuro tho ' managerial nnnlrnfc. wiMi— t.wn nirmf.v whin linMlnn omnn ;in tumblers, and a oandle-stiolc support ing a composite— ono of tho six for ninoponco sort. Tho King of Spain was novor attirod as ho was on this, tho only occasion I was privilogod to gazo on tho naorod foatuvoa of His Most Catholio i.uujUBVjr, Aim uiitfiiby juuimi'Oli WHSOrowll od with a bag wig of tho latter part of tho 18th contury, while tho rout of his attlro was of a period fully a hundred and fifty years oarllor. Tho soldiors woro attirod in costumes Bimllar to thoso worn by Spanish infantry of this 10th century, Ana horo lot mo remark that I will stako my ghostly oxistenco that I saw those samo drosses, minus tho caps, in a production of 'Cannon,' at tho Mel bourno Princess' Theatre, about two years ago ! Tho sconory too, at this Porth pro duction, peculiarly boautiful as it was, was also strangoly migratory. A squaro in Madrid, was of remarkably Spanish archi teoturo, and boro an extraordinary rosom blanoo to ' A Street in Paris,' and a ditto 'in Nuroraborg,' and tho 'Chateau and Ground* of tho Count Arnheim, on tho Danube, near Prosburg,' in which tho squaro aforosaid in thosj cases, became respectively, French, German and Hungarian— an architectural foat novor boforo oquallod. Tho interior of nouBusm wonnuny, i«ranco, itaiy, spam, Rnd Hungary woro also strangoly aliko.nnd I could almost swoar that tho prison in whioh Don Ccosav Ao Bazan (thoy changed his titlo to Don Soizo or doo Bazannd) was immurod, was tho samo ouo in which tho too confiding Marguerite bveathod hor last, I know all this booauso tho drossing and soonoryin 'Marltana' so fosoinatod my ghostly oyo that I went andwopt over tho mounting of all tho othor opoim I may say that I no longer desiro, as I usod to, to 8«o tho London Lyceum sconory. I havo soon tho soonory and costumes of W, II. Manning's Opora Company, and am content to be MuMatGi— even, anxious I 