AN EXTENSIVE WATER SUPPLY SCHEME. To-morrow Mr. Poynton is to move in tlie Assembly that steps should be Ukon towards carrying out. the agree ment niado between Mesers. Davis and Wylie and the kovcrnnient for sink ing bores and for the supply and conservation of water between Port Augusta and Euc'.a. This matter has been for a long time undor the notice of the public, and it is highly deair ublo that a final decision should be arrived at respecting it at an early date. As early as December, 1891, the attention of Parliament was called to it by Mr. Holder, and after a very brief debate a motion raovod by him, authorizing the Government to enter into a contract, subject to ratifica tion by tho Legislature, was agreed to. At the time considerabla difference of opinion existed as to the terras askod for by Mr. Davis and Wylie, and the subject was allowed to remain in abeyance for many months. On February 10, 1S93, an agreement was entered into pursuant to the resolution, and the signatures of Mr. Howe, then Commissioner of Crown Lands, asidthe contractors were attached. It is thisarragement which the Assembly is to be asked 10 endorse, and as there can no longer be any doubt as to the condi tious members will know definitely what they are voting upon. The proposal is to put down bores, or when these are found to be impracticable, reservoirs or dams on a tract of country extending from Port Augusta to the boundary Df Western Australia. Tho general course to be followed is thus described.' Starting from Port Augusta the line of route takes a north-west eily direction for about 130 miles. Thence it proceeds north-north-westerly, skirting the nor thern end of Lake Gairdner to Wilgana, in the neighbourhood of the Warburton Range, and continues almost due west to a. point about seventy-five miles north of Eucla. A prettyjwide limit of deviation is provided for, butthiswill not admit of any encroachment upon reserves or land on the west coast believed to bu more or less fit for agricultural purposes, while the report of Mr. Brown, the Government Geologist, discourages the idea that any mineral country will be traversed. It will thus be seen that the promoters of the project have not been attracted by much expectation of securing rich country. What they undertake to do is to provide permanent water on-, the route at easy stages of from ten to fifteen miles apart. Orginally the distance named was twenty five miles, but this plan has been modified in compliance with the wish of the Government. In return for their ontlay the contractors ask that for every bore not exceeding 1,000 fl. in depth which produces water of % quality fit for the consumption of stock at th6 minimum rate of 5,000 gallons per diem they shall receive to a grant in fee simple of 4,000 acres, the area to be increased at & fixed ratio should it be necessary to bore to greater depths. In the case of dams or reservoirs being substituted for bores in localities where artesian water is not obtainable it is stipu lated that the minimum grant for each dam or reservoir of not less than 40,000 cubic yards shall be 4,000 acres. Should, however the contents be greater 1,000 acres ara to be allowed for every additional 10,000 yards, except in the case of reaervoira which have to ba constructed in solid rock, when the minimum contents entitling to the 4,000 acres are to bo 3.000 cubic yards, and every additional 750 yards is to carry with it an extra grant of 750 acres. What pre cautions are taken to prevent the substi tution of reservoirs for bores where the conditions are favourable to the latter, and to ensure that any reservoirs that are made shall be constructed of sufficient depth to guard against undue waste by evaporation we are not in a position to say, but no doubt these are matters that have been or that will be duly attended to. Similarly we take it for granted that the land granted will ba adjoining the water supply, and not in any other part of the colony. It is pro vided that it shall be on one side of the bore or dam, so as to leave the other side in the hands of the State. ThuH free access is to be allowed to the general public, and while the Government will have the right in special cases to use the water free of cost the rates to be charged to the public are to be regulated by the Commissioner of Crown Lands. The whole distance to be traversed is 650 miles, so that taking the sites to lie of an average distance of twelve miles from fifty to sixty bores or dams are to be provided. The plant usod by the contractors is to ba admitted free of duty, but in the event of any of it being sold within the colony payment of duty is to be enforced. Looking at the whole agreement, and assuming that the points to which we have referred aro attended to, and that the carrying out of the entire work is made obligatory, the proposed bargain seems to be an exceedingly favourable one for the Government. The quantity of land which will have to be granted under any circumstances is comparatively small, and considering that the cost of boring even to a depth of 1.000 feet is reckoned ' at little short iof £2 per foot, it would Hppsar that the contractors are willing to accept a very modorate equivalent for theip expenditure. The scheme is open to some of the objections which underlie all land-grant projects, but, as we have before pointed out, they are not anything like so insuperable as in the case of railways, the maintenance of which in running order and the satisfactory management of which have so often proved Btumbling-blocks to the success of enter prises of the kind in places where they have been authorized. The land' is nob to be exempted from general taxation, and there is not much danger of people being allured by deceptive representations into purchasing and occu pying it. Of course if there was any serious risk of this Parliament as guar dians of the credit of the colony would be bound to discountenance the whole scheme, but apart from that consideration it is under no obligation to enquire too curiously into the reasons which the con tractors have for believing that they are committing themselves to & profitable un dertaking. Presumably they have counted the cost and havo satisfied themselves that the direct and indirect advantages likely to accrue therefrom justify them in opening up the arid and inhospitable Tegions in which their operations ara to be carried on. The development of the Western Australian goldfialda have cer tainly improved somewhat the prospect of favourable results, and every one must hope in the interests of the country ? as weU as in those of the promoters that success will attend their venture should the Parliament satisfy itself that it can be safely sanctioned. This Week's Paiiliajiext.— After eix weeks' bard labour the Legislative Council has eentaway the Adult) Suffrages Bill, and the field is now clear for the discussion of what may ba regarded as morn urgent measures. The tirat of these is the Vermin Bill, the dis cussion on which will be resumed by the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin to-day. From »enti mentaHzingabout women to devising the means of eradicating vermin is a for cry, and there will not be the eama crowded galleries in the Council this week as became quite familiar during July and the early part of the present month. On private members day the Hon. E. Ward will raise an interest inf? subject— that of having Mr. Wragfre's weather forecasts accorded free telegraphic transmission to South Australia. The motion will pive classical members a splendid opportunity to air their knowledge ol Tfth, Cheth, Yod, Lamed, and eundrj other storms and ills with which the Queensland astronomer threatened Aus tralia. The Assembly to-day will first bf asked by the Commissioner of Crown Land; to approve of the purchase of land for working men's blocks, after which the Treasurer ic Committee will athrm tbe desirableness ol levying an Excise duty of 2d. per gallon or beer. The Budget debate has yet to bf finished, and judging by its high posi tion -Jn the Notice ? paper the Go /vernment set great store on the earlj passing of the Lake Bonnsy Settlemen Bill. Of the long list of questions to be de bated on Wednesday, the greatest interest ii likely to be manifested over Mr. Caldwell'i affirmation of tbe need for amendment of thi criminal code, having for its objects the bette protection of the publio and improvement o the rnoe. Austhaliant Fedebatio.v. —On Monday thi Premier received a telegram from Mr. Gf. H Reid, the Premier of New South Wales thanking him for his prompt reply to th- despatoh on the subject of Australian Federa lion. / Telegraphic— During the interruption of ihe Corean lines messages for Seoul, Che nulpo, and Genzan must bear the words 'Poat-Fuaan.' The English Mail.— The P. & O. R.M.S. Ballaarat left Albany at 1p.m. on Sun lay, and the commander advises that be ex pects to reach Largs Bay at about 5 p.m. on SVedneaday. BiSHor Xks.mon. — The Adelaide Town Hail was crowded with colonists representative )f eveiy class oa Monday afternoon to say arewell to Bishop Ktnnion, who leaves on Wednesday for England. His Honor the Chief Justice presided, and there were present Hie Excellency the Governor and ministers af almost every religious denomination. Speeches were delivered by the President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, and others, expressing oongratulitiou on the translation of the Bishop to tbe See of Bath and Wells, and great regret at hia removal from tho colony. Farewell addresses from the citizens, from member* of the Synod of the Church of England, and the Industrial School for the Blind were presented to Dr. Kennion. The Chairman announced that public subscriptions amount ing to £527 had boan received, and in accor dance with the wishes of the Bishop this amount would be placed towards placing tbe Boya' Brigade on r. more permanent basis. The U.SEMri.ovED.— There are now 320 un employed enrolled at the offioe of the Com missioner of Public Works. Representatives of the men waited ou tbe Commissioner on Monday moraiog, and asked him when any work was iikely to be available. Mr. Jenkins stated that he hoped to be in a position to Bngage fifty or sixty men on the work of drainage extension next Monday. Departure of Bishoi1 Kessiok. — Dr. Kenuion will leave the Adelaide Rail way Station by tho mail train at 10.32 a.m. to-monow instead of at 10.10 as previously announced. The silver salver and addresses of farewell pre sented to the Bishop on Monday will ba on view at the Church Offise to-day. An album of photographs will be presented to the Bishop at the Church Office this afternoon. Evolution.— This evening the Rev. Dr. Talmage will make his last appearance in Australia, as he positively leaves for India by the Massilia to-morrow. Tbe subject to night will be 'Where do we come from, or are we Children of God or of Gorillas ?' This oration when delivered in Sydney and Mel bourne attracted enormous audiences, and excited a newspaper correspondence that is still being carried on. Honour fop. the E.vgi.veer-is-Chikf.— Mr. A. B. Moncrietf, the Engineer- in-Chief, hag been elected a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers. The Society, which waa founded in 1832, ocoupies the BP.mo position in America as the Institution of Civil Eaginnera does in England. I te head- quarters are a 5 Now JTork. Arrival ok Pri/.b Siieep.— The steamer Barrabool, which arrived from Melbourne at Port Adelaide on Monday afternoon, brought to the order of Mr. Richard Smith two Shropshire Down ewes and three ten-month rams, bred at Studloy Park, Forcett, Tas mania. The sheep are for exhibition in this colony. Zoological Gardens.— It speaks highly fo the treatment of the denizens of the Zoo that the population there ia to well kept up, seeing that most of the animals ure_ sentenoed to im prisonment for the term of their natural life. The lioness who resides in the conspicuous spacious den with thsopan work boudoir pro vided by a generous Adelaidean presented her lord and master, Lso Felis, with triplets on Saturday morning, and from latost aooounts they are doing well. Either with a view to eoonomy or from other prudential reasons it is not unusual for tha fblidiE to lessen the expenses of the household by tbe process of impromptu gastronomy, but in this instance the rule has been bonourod by the breach, not the observance. Any one who takes an interest in tuberculosis may see a specimen on view at the Zoo, the legacy of a def unot cow. Elecho.v at Walkkrville.— An extra ordinary election in connection with the Dis trict Counoil of Walkerville wa§ held at the AssemWy- rooma on Monday, Augu3t 27, the sent of Mr. F. Bray having been deolired vacant for Walkerville Ward. The contes tants were Mosars. L. Conrad and E. G. Reedman. Unusual interest was taken in this election, the supporters of both candidates doiag their best. Mr. L. Conrad polled 77 and Mr. E. G. Rsedman 55. There were two informal votes. Councillor Nietsohke was Returning Officer. Royal Agricultcral and Horticultural Societv. — General entries, except for the horses in action, which are due on September 10, close at 4 p.m. to-day in connection with the Spring Show to be held next month undet the auspices of this Society. So far tbe entries have exceeded those of previous years, and tha Show promises to ba one of the belt the Society has ever held. Cvcli.vu Events. —The priza for the mile handicap cycling event, to be run on the Ade laide Oval on Saturday next in an interval of the intercolonial baseball contest, and under the auspices of the Cyclists' Association, bag been increased to £5, tbe award to the second man to be £1. Entries will be received till 8 p.m. en Wednesday, being a day later than was originally announced. In addition to the second match between the specially chosen South Australian and Victorian baseball teams on the Adelaide Oval on tho morning of the holiday (September 3) Mr. Frank S. Toms, the local cyclist, whomadea sensational ride fr im Adelaide to Melbourne in the early part of the year, will endeavour to lower the fifty-mile record. He is to start at 'J o'clock, and 11.15 a.m. should see him complete the distance. Fifty miles is repre sented by about 150 laps on the Adelaide Oval. Tue Late Mr. E. Morgan.— The death of another old colonist in the person of Mr. Ed mund Morgan, of Port Adelaide, is announced. The late gentleman, who was in his 63rd year, arrivod in the colony by the barque Jenny Lind on June 13, ]8.r;0. He went into tbe employ of the late Dr. C. G. Everard for twelve months, and returned to Port Adelaide in February, 1852. Then he went to tho Victorian gold diggings for nine months. After return ing ha entered the employ of the late Mr. John Newman, where he remained for twenty years. He removed from tbe Port to Port land Estate in 1854, and joined tho first volun teers the &ame; year. Mr. Morgan wasappointed one of tbe first Councillors under the Portland Estate District Council Act, and after serving for a time in that capacity he was elected Auditor with tho late Mr. Henry Weman. He retired some years ago. Received.— From Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son, 12, Handle-street, Adelaide, a sixpanny edition of the lats Wilkie Collins's popular novel 'The Woman in White.' It it anew and a cheaper edition, printed in a clear type on good paper, and bears a portrait of the author. From Mr. George A. Lyne, of 38, King William-street, Adelaide, a new six penny magazine called ' In Town.' Ife has ten readable complete stories, each admirably illustrated, six full-page drawings, and four drawings in colour, besides miscellaneous articles of general and special interest. Humak Remains at Kasmaktoo.— 'C. G. Drummond Morier,' Nairne, writes on August 25:— 'In to-day's issue I observe a report taken from the jllount Barker Courier, giving an account of the finding of souie human bones. Kindly allow me to oorrect a slight error in tbe same. The bones were submitted to me for examination, and I stated that I believed them to have originally belonged to an individual of from sixteen to eighteen yean old. But I expressed no opinion m to sax. The pelvic bones were mining, oonu quently in that respeob no reliable conclusion could be arrived at.' Death of as old Coloxist.— Mrs. Mary Ann Ricketta, widow of the late Mr. Henry Ricketts, died at tbe residence of her sob, Mr. H. Ricketts, Penola, on Sunday lait at tbe age of seventy. The deceased came to the colony in the ship Eliza in 1S40, and was a resident of Hindmanh for about fifty-two years. Owing to failing health she left for Penola some months ago. She leaves one dtnghter and three sons, twenty-four grandchildren, and four great-grandohildren. The funeral is to take place at Hindmarsh on Wednesday. Geowth op Prosfsct.— Around Proipect Sill, juit beyond the Prospect tram terminus -a charming and healthy site (writes our sorrespondentt— there have been lately pu» up rod are in course of oreotion at present about iwenty well- built houses. In Farrantstreet Messrs. Were Brothers have built a dozen louble-fronted six-roomed houses. In the iame street Mr. W. G. Stevenson has aho sreoted two six-roomed villa-fronted houses, wd Mr. J. Rogers, builder, a shop at the corner of the street, with a six-roomed house uttached. In Gordon- road Messrs. T. & J. Lewis are ttie builders of two cottages. In Percy-street Mr. T. Trevail has erected three double-fronted three-roomed cottages. Many enquiries are beiDg mado for houses in this locality, and several wero let before they were half finished. Other houses are in the course of ereotion. In Gordon-road Msssrs. T. & J. Lewis are buildinc a four-roomed houBe for Mr. W. Palmer. Enquiries are being made for land around Prospect Hill, and the Dis trict Council are doing all in their power by making and opening np new roads to encourage settlement there. In another part of tb.9 diutriot — Braund-road, which liaa just been opened by the Council, and which 18 in a very good position on the top of the hill facing Fitzroy and Ovingham— nego- tiations are being completed for the construc tion of twenty-seven houses. The Tantasoola 'Tigei:.'— Since the Tantanoola tieer, who just now runs the bunyip very close as a mystery on tbe war path, started his sensational career aboutayear ago a good many people have been on his tracks practically and theoretically. He has been trailed as a tiger, a Chinaman, a neglected house dog, and a dingo of gigantio proportions ; but the latest idea is that he is a cheetah— the hunting leopard of India. He probably may turn out to be a ' cheater/'alias fraud, after all— it is more than likely. At any rate he is tunning his own chow, and advertising himself. Mr. H. Nathan, the veterinary surgeon, has been in search of a clue, and with a view to future developments, has taken oastn of seveml dogs about the size of » half-grown tiger, which he has left in thisoffioe for inspection. When Mr. Mincbin, tha Director of tha Adelaide Zoological Gardens, took casts of one of hie caged tiger'* 'spoor,' it was with the view of showing that the traok of the feliriru does not show the olaws, for they are retraotile and only used for business purposes, and this was valuable as ? stcrting point in prospecting for clues. Mr. Nathan has taken the casts of the foot marks in clay of three typically powerful dogs. One is a mastiff, belonging to Lien tenant Lundb, of the Protector. It is oh yeartold; its girth 30 inohos ; measurement from tip of nose to point of shoulders 15 inches, and from shoulders to root of tail 34 inohes ; round the head 30 inches, and round the forearm 10 inches. The track of the Tight forefoot of this dog measured by the cast is 3 in. by 4 in., and the bind foot 4^ by i\ in. Mr. Gledhill'i maiitiff Jumbo made tracks measuting of in. by 4.j in., and 4? in. by Ah in. His girth is 41 in.; the measurement from noaa tip to shoulders 25 id.; shoulders to rooti of tail 32 in. He stands 3L inches high, measures 31 inches round tbe head, and is four yean old. A thoroughbred Russian boar-bound be loDging to Mr. Tilley, of Adelaide— a fine animal ten months old, with a girth of 33 in. measurement, from nose to shoulders 20 in., shoulders to root of tail 31 in., tail 22 in.i height 31 i in., circumference torearm 9 in., chest 11! in., and measurement of bead 21 jd.; made a track which measured, forefoot, 4^ in. by 3J in. The cast of the alleged tiger's footmarks now in tbe possession of Mr. Christie Bagot of the Royal Agricultural Sooiety measure 3J in. by 3A in. They were taken about twelve months ago in the vicinity of Tantanoola. We have been shown by Commissioner Peterswald the casts of tha spoor of the 'Minchm tiger,' and the im pression ia thai if the negatives had been taken in deeper material the cast might have shown the points of the olaws. However, that ii a question of experiment ; very few people have practioally realized the force of a tiger's foot and lived to report lucidly on the bxperienoe. The above measure ments may prove interesting should the ghost of tbe alleged grandchild of a circus tiger be caught. There is considerable delay because the Tantanoola tiger refuses to leave his last address, and all communications for him find their way to the Dead-letter Office. Sir Charles Todd wocld call him nob the Tanta noola, but the 'TanUliser tiger.' Childrexat tee Village Skitlemekts.— A correspondent writes from Urania : — ?' Wo notice the satisfactory amount Mrs. Bonython netted for the village settlers. Mr. Smeaton in tends, we see, to devote this £20 towards buying boots. Wouldn't it be a better and a healthier plan to let the boys and girls of the settlements go barefooted '! I am sure in a temperate climate like this that both the children's feet and health would be improved by discarding ill-fitting and cheap boots. I have attended » school myself in Ireland where 100 out of the 200 in attendance went shoeless to eobool in the depth of winter. Those boys were no worse for it either. I am sure that the £20 could be spent on something more urgently needed than shoes and boot* for the boys and giils. Of course the grown-up people must nave feet-covering.' River Levels.— The following shows the state of the rirers above summer level at the undermentioned places at 9 *.m. on Monday, August 27:— Albury, 9 fo. 9 in.; Wahcunyah, 14 ft. 2 in.; Echuoa, 2!) ft.; iiwan Hill, 12 ft.; Euaton, 30 ft. 4 in. ; Overland Corner, 17 ft. 5 in. ; Morgan, 18 ft. 1 in. : Renmark, 15 ft. 8 in. ; Gundagai, lift. 6 in.; WaggaWagga, 17 ft. ; Hay, 18ft. 9 in.; Bnlranald, 18 ft. 2 in.; Tilpa, 20 ft.: Wiloannia, 20 ft. 8 in. ; Menindie, 25 ft. 2£ in.; Pooncsrie, 23 ft. 7 in.; Wentworth, 2U*. 2 in.; Brewarrina, 17 ft. 3 ia. ; Bourke, 16 ft. 5 in. ; Loath, 15ft. Gin. 'EvERTnAT Science.'— At a Tent meeting held on Monday evening in connection with tbe Southern Star Tent, Independent: Order of Rechabites, Brother S. Barbour de livered a moat interesting and instructive leoture on 'Everyday Science,' illustrating it with practical chemical experiments. There was a large number of mambers and visitors present, including visiting membm from tbe Victoria Female Tent and the Northern Star and Alliance Tents of the Albert District. A vnte of thanks was accorded the leotureron the motion of P.C.R. C. Cross, seconded by D.R. A. H. Hearn. 