general briefs. r feel ner * y®8*1!: xmuterea One-third of the world is controlled by" the Anglo-Saxon rase. The longest clock pendulum ever mads is that ot the Eiffel Tower—377ft. Over 20,000 men, women and children died from snake bites in the year 1893 ut ^Leather trunks were made and sold in Rome as early as the days of Junus Caesar. . __ . , There are more strikes in the Cnttfm States than in all the rest ef the world. PUNo°mah of a less stature than five feet nineand a half inches can enter the police force of New York. A Waterloo'veteran, in the person ot Count .Donnet-Vorget, has died at Pane at the age of 100 years. The Admiralty have given instructions for swimming classes to be formed at tas Sheerness School ot Gunnery. The largest bronze statue in the world is that of Peter the Great at St. Peters burg. Its wbight is about 1100 tons. . A singular discovery has been made in Algeria on the site of the ancient Roman town of Tbamugadia, now known as Tim gad. Portions of a colossal statue. th® height of which is estimated to have been no less than nine yards, have been In Hungary it is the custom for th® groom to give the bride, a kick after win wedding ceremony to make her feel ner subjection. This is a matter thatf ^ne'tjSTof theicangaroo is the part of the animal. It is cons dainty food when boiled in its own skin, which afterwards may bo drawn off like a ^ A vessel called the Islam detained at Glasgow because she is laden with contra band of war, supposed to be intended for one of the belligerent powers in the Far East. British Government does not want to pay another Alabama claim. History mentions a single battlefield, where one king was slain and his suc cessor crowned—the battle of Boswortb Field,, fought on 14th August, 1485. Richard HI. was slain, and ths Earl of Richmond was crowned as Henry VII. There is one place in the world, at any rate, where the streets are literally paved with gold. At Joha'nneBberg it has been found that stone recently supplied by a mine on the main reef tor paving tha streets yields six pennyweights to ths ton. An American physician in ToUio is doing a rushing business by straightening the slant in'- the eyes of the Japanese. A fine silk thread drawBup the eyelids and holds them in place. A few neat stitches are all that are required. The term “infantry” was first used by the Spaniards, in the wars with the Moor% to designate the bodyguard of a Royal prince, or infante.' It was later extended to the entire body of foot soldiers, and finally adopted throughout Europe. ■ Sometimes there .are precocious beys other than Colonials. Our cable mes sages report the suicide by hanging of s little eleven year' old Londoner, who took his life in a fit .of v pique because of being, punished for a misdemeanor by the deprivation ot his dinner. ..Announcement that the authorities of Argentina have decided to allow the ex tradition of the swindler "Jabez Spencer Balfour is fully confirmed. . The detectivs at Buenos Ayres sent, toarreat the in- - famous - Liberator man.. has telegraphed “All right” to the' Scotland'yard authori ties. Balfour will get a warm welooma back to his native land. The . domestic household of Bun-lan, . the -King .of Annam, consists almost; , wholly of women, including a-hundred^ wiyez.-wh„ in^n- ni-r’ i aooording to the'station of life in ; which , they' were born.' Thirty' women .guard. the entrance to hiB private apartments while five more are his constant personal attendants. ; . Moths can be successfully, removed from carpets in the following manner:— - Wring a coarae towel.out of clear,-cold water;- spread it'smoothly'xn the carpet, iron it dry with a good hot iron, repeat ing the operation wherever the moths are supposed to be. There is no need t« press hard; and the'color oi the.carpet will not be. injured, as .the moths are destroyed by the heat and steam. _ M. Casimir-Perier, who is forty-six years old, is,, with two exceptions, the youngest ruler whom France has had since Napoleon, at thirty, became First Consul. Louis XVII. at his accession was fifty-nine, Charles X. was sixty seven, Louis Phillipe fifty-seven. Thiers' seventy-three, MacMahon sixty-five, and Grevy seventy-one. Cavaignac, however, was only forty-six when placed at tha head of the State, and Louis Napoleon, who succeeded him, was only forty. The death is announced of General Boulangor’a mother; Madame Boulanger, nee Griffiths, a lady of Welsh birth, at the age of ninety-three, in the apart-, ment in-Paris where she had lived for many years. She had been in a wander ing state of mind, her faculties having declined about the time when her sou’s' popularity in Paris was at its climax. She was unaware of his expulsion from the army, or of his exile and suicide in the Ixelles Cemetiry at Brussels. Valentine Vox seems to have found an :imitator.in an adopted.Japanese.girf of eighteen who resides in the province oE Kai. Her foster-parents and neighbors were recently astounded by tha discovery that the house was haunted by a most mysterious voice. No “ ghost ” could ha. discovered. At last it was found that the girl had developed an extraordinary faculty for ventriloquism. She had been .exercising her faculty for the purpose of compelling her parents by adoption to restore her to her real mother. The. trade in shrimps has grown so : enormously during tho last year or two ■ that about.four tons daily are despatched ‘wfiihSs ^theyi are ^despatched'chiefl^E® London and the great centres of Lanca shire and Yorkshire. They are caught on the sand coasts of Belgium and boiled ready for market, and packed in hug® hampers so as to'reach breakfast tables in the English Midlands the next day. A little extract of liquorice destroys the taste of aloes; peppermint water dis guises nauseous taste of salts ; milk ia m good abater of tho bitter flavor of Pern vian bark, and cloves that of senna. Castor oil cannot be tasted if beaten and' thoroughly mixed with the white of air egg. Another method of covering this nauseous taste of castor, or cod-livor oil is to put a tablespoonful. of strained orang® juice in a wineglass,, pour the oil into ths centre of the juice, and then squeeze a feir drops of the juice upon the oil and upon the edgo of the glass. " As an instance of the courtesy of th® Royal Family, it may be mentioned that when an artist went down to Whit® Lodge the other day to make a sketch of the birth-place of our future King, th®. Duke of York himself gave the artist all. the. necessary information, and was at much pains to secure the accuracy of ths sketch, ,-i. At ■ last the Prince * asked, ; Would you like to have the baby in t®r jOraw from r You can if you like, yon' :know, he Hjid; V but. candidly, it ft. ;UOt a wait different from every other baby. pweent: I personally cannot much myself except a bwidle of fanneifcT; 