NOTES FROM VARIOUS SOURCES. i At Chester, on 10th May, Miss Frances Williams, la lady of indapoudont means, was summoned for disturbing the worshippers in Cheater Cathedral by singing in nn objoctioiiabie way. "The Roy. Harold Wright, precentor, characterised tho defendant's sirging as an in- tolerable nuisance. Hue not only joined in tho parts allotted to tho congregation, but would also join in the treble solo of an anthem. Her ringing, moroovor, was out of tunc, and two or threo notes behind the choir. Sho had boon expostulated with, but it had had no effect. The ' bishop even hid made frequent complaints about liar. Dr. Bridge, organist, corroborated, laying . tbe aorvieo had nearly been upset on several ocoa- sioua by Hiss Williams's singing. She bad a loud, penetrative yoioe, but its quality was not vary good. Hs had sometimes found it very difficult to accompany, owing to the noise, and tbe ohorlatera' had bard work to keep their eountenancss and sing properly. The lady was most annoying, and turned the service into a faroe. The defendant ploaded that she was only following the choir. ' The bench decided to bind Miss Williams over in £10 not to offond agsin." . At tho anniinl district mooting of tbe United Methodist Free Churches, : held at Sunderland, England,- on 24th May, tho Rev. A. Wren, of Bellingham, called attention to the decreasing membership of their ehurehes, whioh he attributed chiefly to thodanoing and- kiss-in-the-ring games so fre quently praotised at their school treats, Jco. Low and degrading entertainments; ho said, were frequently held in their : schoolrooms, and he oould not wonder at the decrease in .member ship when at all their looi&l; gatherings dsnoing was allowed and kissing indulged in. He knew of representations having been given in one town of a publio house brawl, and a ghost scene, and where game's ware played for whioli the forfeits had to be'paid in kisses. They should unite in trying to putting a atop to these prac tices, whieh interfered with the epiritual work of the chureh. In England it is a time honored oustom for the Speaker of the House of Commons to invito his oollesgues to a Parliamentary dinner, for whioh even the most uncompromising Diogenes is supposed to dress. In Garmatiy they manage these things differently — very differently in deed, if a judgment may . be hazarded on the strength of a letter of invitation recently issued by Herr Walter, Spsaker of the House of Com mons of Bavaria. It runs thus " For the honorable mtmbors of the House of Commons four heotolitrss of book boor 'of the Hof Brewery have been reserved. Now, on Wednesday next, tho sitting will oloso at 11.45 a.m.,' owing to tho masting of tho Finance Committee of the Chamber of Imperial Councillors, so that that day would seom pe culiarly favorable for clearing out the stuff thus reserved. Wherefore I have the honor most cordially to invite thoir Exoellonoiee the Minis ters of Stats, tho Ministerial Commissioners and my Parliamentary colleagues to meot to gether at the Brewery .Vaults, on the above- named day, immediately after the sitting, and I may add that satisfactory arrangements will be made not only for a suifioient supply of book ' worsts '—si kind of German sausogo— but likewise for the noonday meal. Munich, 4th May, Signed, Waltbb, 'President of tho House of ComraoiiB." With the terrible fate of President Carnot before his eyas,- and the osrtain knowledge that the deplorable suoaess of the Frenoh Anar chists will sharpen the teeth of the Nihilists who are endeavoring to compass his own des truction, the life of the . Czar must be one of fearful tension at present.. In May the Csar arranged to go ..to Borki, to take part In the eonseoration of a ohuroh in commemora tion of the miraoulous escape of the royal family in the railway disaster at that place. His Majesty's thanks to God would have been hearty, for aooprding to tho almost daily des patches from St. Petersburg, the Nihilists had beta particularly - adtlve,-'' and 'Alexander IIL appears to have had soma narrow escapes. But some revelations of anew conspiracy wars made, and tha thanksgiving servloe was doferrod. How many thousands of men snd women have betn looked up by the Russian poljoe this year it would be difficult to say, but tho number is almost inoredible. Over the Warsaw politjoal demonstrations on 16th April no fewer thin 16,237 persons were arrested, and, aocording to a Times tilagram, only 60 havo been since re leased. Suoh figures as those help one to ro- Use.what an awful ferment is going on in tho dominions of the Czar. \- Anarohism being' tho seare of the day, the Inhabitants of Perplgnan have lately had a nice fright The children at the Commurul School Playing in th® courtyard, when two young men laden with odd packages walked in, put down their bundles, and said to each other, . This In just tho place." Tho fiightoned bildren ruBhed to tho «ohoolmifitrcsii, who came out in suoh a itato of dismay that one of the men addressed her politely, saying that ho had evidently disturbed th® school, bo he would ®me again at 4 o'olook. The sahoolimntruM jushed off to the town authorities declaring hat the school was to be blown up at 4 oolook, nd a strong force of offiol&li; and polios Mumbled, to resist tbe Anarchists. Tho ex pected visitors .arrived punctually to timo, and urned out to be harmless travelling photo (upborn who made it thoir buuinoaa to tako groups of school children. . An up to date dlsoiple of Charles V. of Spain j villaC® of tho Yonn® department » kind of drass rehearsal of his funeral while jet in tha land of tho living. For tho past year grave diggers and masons had been engaged » preparing tho gentloman'a tomb, and ho had urveysd the work with loving oare. When In, nil WRB lea<Jy b0 Ila<1 » handsome „'i .i put up' with tho date of his birth in. ' '1'11 nl"t distinctions, wind- "i,.aP W,'th the oomfrtii)g assurance that he law uf,6n 8B0d a>"l a aalain8 citizen" Insorlbod there- On hie 95th birthday ' all his friends and acquaintances woro invited to tho rehearsal of his funeral. A solemn burial servioo took placo at the eliuroh, and his empty cofliD, placed under a catafalque and surrounded with wax candles, recoivcd an anticipatory bless ing. To clioer up his guests, whom this lugu brious cormony must have somewhat depressed, ho bade them repair to his house, whore a grand banquet took plaeo, at which tho boadle, the ohoristers and tho priests who are to officiate at his real funoral were presont. Eaeh guest pledged his word in a bumper of ohampsgno that if he were still living at the time lie would not fail to "assist" at tho funeral ooremony of whioh the rehearsal had just been gone through. The real event may not come off yet a while, for this imitator of the famous Emporor is still quite lisle and hearty, in spite of his 95 sum- mere. The old story of ths Irishman in a bottomless sedan'obair has just been renewed in Paris. A pertly and dignified merchant was driving along the Hue de llivoli, tbe ooachman of his oab fol lowing tha tramway rails for the benefit of his jaded horse. A tramway oar oamo up behind and signified with much blowing of the horn to the cabby to get off the rails. The Jehu tried to do bo, but the wheels of his vehiole were stuck in the metals. His fare, thinking he had not heard the horn, jumped up to put his head out of window and call, when tho floor of tho vehicle gave way. The stout gentlsman inside fell through, and had to run along, shouting to the cabman, but in vain, to stop. The crowd, vastly amused at the novel eight of a two-leggod oab, at length took pity on tho unlncky man, who was out of breath with . his untoward exertions, stopped his cab and extricated him from his unpleasant and humiliating position. The trial of a journalist, Charles Flor O'Squarr, for an artlole reflecting upon tho Shah of Persia's personal habits, and asking that his majesty should be arrested and put in prison the next time he came to Belgium, took place on 16th May. The publio proseeutor stated that many Belgians had obtained impor tant eommercial concessions in Persia, which the Shah might rescind if he were allowed to be insulted in Brussols in this way. The jury, however, acquitted the noeused on the ground that the freedom of the press must be res- pioted. A curious story is told from Streatham. Recently a cat kittened, and ohoso the pulpit of tho Epiaeopal Ohuroh for its nest,". Of course, the' vergor was much shooked, and evioted pussy, with her family. This tho mother resented, and taking a convenient opportunity "perverted "to tha Catholio Ohuroh over the way. Thither she carried eaoh of her kittens, and there she remained, to the even greater grief of the ohuroh authorities, who would not have had this happen on any consideration.- It is naively asked if the powers of the Court of Chancery will be invoked here. ' 