Remarkable Religion, A Russian Journal describes a peculiar ret ligions movement in the winter of 1891-2 in the province of Kiov. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of forty years, when ho reformed and joined the , Stuudist3, following zealously the religious ritos of the seot, and often going into a condition of ecstasy. A fow years later ho began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving ex tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de clared to be the smell of the Holy Ghost. Then he conceived that he was possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insano leader as the Saviour of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations ; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to oare for the future, for God would from hallucinations of the seuGO of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which they desoribed as pertaining to God and Heaven. Many had a feeling of remark able bodily lightness, as if floating in tho air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterical. The congregations were always noisy and oxoited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking them- ! selves on tho breast, and shouting iuartiou lately. Some would imitate conversation: but it consisted of incomprehensible, sense less sounds, whioh they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and anjomio. The epidemio was finally ovoroomo by tho authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitale and convents. The London County Council would appear to ba somewhat irritating occasionally in the exercise of their functions in respect to theatrical affairs. A oertain Countess de Bremont arranged and advertised, so it would appear, a oharitable entertainment at the theatre attached to the Prince of Wales’ Club, but some two hours before the door3 wero to be opened Bbe was informed that the Lon don Connty Council had decided not to per mit any more performances for whioh money was taken at the slab's unlicensed theatre. 