[?] ROUGE OF THREE LIVES. [By Geb'tettde Warden.] Chapteb XIIi: — Felice's Visitoe. Continued. Before the week , was out, one por tion at least of the mystery of seven years ago was made, clear to Felice from an unexpected source. At between two and three o'clock one wintry afternoon, Louisa Greet, presenting a more[than usually unkempt appearance, appeared before Felice as the latter was writing letters in the drawing-room, and announced the fact that there was Va young, person in the hall to see Mrs Fenton.' ' A lady, do you mean.?' enquired Felice, in surprise j for visitors were unknown inflictions at Sfconeroyd. ,' Well, ah don't call any o' them Hellwins Indies,' Louisa answered in stentorian tones. JNot real ladies, like, as one may say — not like you, moom. But it's the girl from next door, and she's got her name on this bit o' paper,' Louisa continued, flourishing a visiting card between a grimy thumb and finger. 'There, ah know what you're going to say I Ah ain't fit to be seen, and ah know it. But, yer see, it's cleaning day, and nobody ain't clean on cleaning days. And such a hiort o' dust as this 'ere 'ouse collects. ' Ib Miss Ellwin outside in the hall 11 this time ?' Felice asked. 'Because, if so, please show her in, and — and. roll down your sleeves first, Louisa, juBt to please me.' A few moments later a tall, grace ful girl, becomingly dressed in a tailor-made costume of dark cloth, with furs about her face, entered the draw ing-room, and smiled engagingly as Felice rose to greet her. ' I don't know what you'll think of us northern savages for not coming to ' see you before, Mrs Fenton,' she' began, in a drawling, affected key. 'But really, you know, until I; had been to your church and caught a glimpse of you, I didn't dare to ven ture here uninvited. I was . afraid .Stoneroyd-ghosts might eat me. I haven't been here for seven years, and during the past few months — ever since you have been here, in fact,' she added, archly — * Mr Maurice has deserted us altogether. Papa is quite offended, and I hadfcto pretend I was going shopping, or he would never have let me come. Mr Maurice was always round at our place in the evenings before he found metal more attractive at home '—with more arch ness. ' But I have, of course, never' ventured msiqe tne. npuse since tbat dread ful affair, -and if it had hot been for your being here I shouldn't have dared to come now.' 'I don't understand you,' said Felice, coldly. Chapteb XIV.—Pebilotjs Confidences. Felice and her visitor formed a Btriking contrast in appearance as they sat facing each other in the old fashioned drawing-room. In figure, each was equally admir able in a totally different style. Miss Ellwin was tall and slender as a young willow branch, her small featured face was of the type' termed mignonne, and characterized by a turned- up nose, and tiny meaningless mouth, with vividly scarlet lips, which she perpetually bit to! intensify their carmine. Her. eyes were small but brilliant, of a light blue colour and in determinate expression. She was pale and very much pverpowdered ; her hair,ltoo, which was cropped almost as short as a boy's, was 'tduched up ' by some artful dye into a semblance of gold. In fine, she was one of those middle-class girls, well off, badly looked after, half-spoiled at a London boarding-school, and 'fin ished ' at a worse Parisian pension, with just enough knowledge of French to catch the double meaning of a song for Judic, and just enough knowledge of English to scrawl an ill-spelt love letter, with mis-quotations from popular poets. She was three years older than Felice, whose quiet dignity of manner and bearing made her appear con siderably her Benior, and the two took an instant dislike to each other. . Mrs Fenton's face was far more beautiful than Miss Ellwin's, and the latter, through all her shallow vanity, instantly recognised the fact ; while Felice, on her side, dimly realised that this was one of the girls whom her husband and many other men would consider specially attractive, and her ' I do not understand you ' was perhaps not the less frigidly repellent on that account. ' Haven't you heard all the horrid stories about Stoneroyd being* nauarea r enquired mias Jfiiiwm, with a, pretence of great surprise. 'Oh, I suppose they've been afraid of frightening you. And it's quite a new and common sort of ghost ; not a nice, respectable,; family one, you know. Only, coming new to the place, I dare say you've wondered nobody calls. Nobody's been here since that dreadful affair, you see. They couldn't very well. Perhaps ym hadn't heard a word about it before you came here ? What a horrid shame ! I was only a scrap of a child, home for my holidays at the time, but 1 1 remember the frightful shock it was to all of us, as if it were yesterday. My poor sister was bo much mixed, up in it, you see, though, of course, it wasn't her fault if all the men fell in- love with her.'. ' Miss Ellwin,' Felice managed to intervene at last, ' you are talking riddles which, if you will pardon me for saying so, I have no desire to guess. I never heard of your sister before, and I don't know in. the least what you are talking about.' 4 Never heard of ,my sister, MrB Leigh- Wray? How curiouB. Why, she was a London belle. But you are Fresco, of course, and 'might not have heard of her. She is in India now with her husband, the Colonel,' but' they lived here for two years after they were first' married, and Florrie was rather a dreadful flirt, you see ; and you mustn't mind my, telling you, since ifc was such a long time ago;' but all the men in the neighbourhood were in love with her, and your husband and his half-brother, Mr Marcus Gil more, most of all ; and I am afraid Florrie encouraged them jusfc the least little bit in the world. You see, papa was Mayor of Clofield, and is devoted to commerce and money-making, and there are so very, very few handsome and clever, and well-dressed men about this hole— so very few gentlemen whom one can talk to, in fact — that, of course, with the Colonel so much away, and so old, and with that 'habit of his of going to sleep after dinner, Florrie was dull, and wanted something to amuse her, as I am sure I should have done in her place.' Now that Maurice never comes round in the evenings, I am bored to death whenever it is my evil fortune to be at home, I assure you.', ' I am sorry that you are dull,' said Felice, more coldly than ever, ' but I really think if you . would like Mr Fenton or Mr Gilmore to call you had better communicate your wishes to them yourself, in person or by let ter. ' Not Mr Gilmore !' exclaimed Miss Ellwin, with a faint scream of protest. ' He is quite too horribly, clever, and cynical, and quizzical, and always looks at one as if he were going to mesmerise one. Florrie was afraid of liim. i-.hn a.nA T lifilifwo ?f.Vinf. maa Vinl.P the secret of the mischief. You see, she was flirting a little bit with them both, and they used to send her letters and things through that unfortunate little wretch, and that was, I am con vinced, the beginning of the _ :row. Ned was such a pretty, curly-headed boy eighteen or nineteen — Has anyone told you about him, or have they kept the whole thing quiet from beginning to end?' * If they have kept the thing quiet,' said Felice gravely, ''it is because every member of this house knows that I; am not interested in gossip. ...; She Adislike'd this forward young person's manners intensely, and she felt it her duty to repress her imperti nent and unasked confidences. But for ailthat, she was deeply curious to learn all she could about the network of mystery which enveloped the home of her husband's relations. '?Bufcthmgs must puzzle you, you know, coming to them fresh, ' persisted the unabashed Miss Ellwin. ' Papa often says he wonders you don't go melancholy mad in this dreary place, with those sullen-looking women, and that wicked old man, Grierly,, at the lodge. The very sight of him gives me the shivers, and I always will believe he had some hands in the murder.' ',' Don't you think we might change the subject,' said Felice. 'It isn't very pleasant or cheerful, is it ?' ' ' It is not,' Miss Ellwin readily assented; 'but then, you know, .the very air of the place suggests l-t it. People used to come miles to 'see 'the house where the murder was com mitted ' until about a year or two ago; and even papa has never invited any one but Maurice inside EllwinMansion as he calls our place next door, since then. Snobby name, isn't it ? And it's built on ground which used to belong to the Fentons, for which Lady Fenton can never forgive us. Florrie is five years older than I ; but when we were at school, she and I came over sometimes, a long time ago, you know; when old Mr Fenton wa8 alive. It was the boys who always /wanted us over. But papa will be very, glad, indeed, to see you, Mrs Fenton, and I do hope you will be tempted oub some evening, and that you'll.bring Maurice to see you home. It must be great fun to be staying here by. yourself, with all the dignity of a, married woman, and all the freedom of a single one. Of course, a married woman candojustanything.andifherhusband's away, or stupid, or she can get the right side of him, it doesn't matter. That's what Florrie thought, you-t . know ; but she carried it a bit too far, and she was half dead with fright 'lest anything should slip out at the inquest. Nothing did, though : but Colonel Leigh- Wray began to wake up a bit, and he's kept her in India ever since, and is getting a worse Bluebeard every day. Horrid shame, isn't it ?' By this time Felice hadrealised that she was in the presence of a lady with the Louisa Greet proclivity of mono logue, and that interruption or remon strance were alike unavailing. And as she listened to the malicious chatter of this irresponsible, halfedu cated flirt, the story of Ned Grierly's murder began to assume a , still more sinister' significance. Until then motive seemed lacking ; now the . motive was supplied in the dishonourable attentions paid by the half-brothers, enemies from their child- ] hood, to the girl's beautiful and - unprincipled sister,and in their mutual employment of cunning young Ned Grierly as secret messenger. 1 To Miss -Ellwin's subsequent shatter, all of which, tended to point, to affectionate relations between her self and Maurice Fenton, which ' | Felice's arrival had interrupted, Felice paid comparatively little heed. ' Truth to tell, she did/not believe i her, although, on the next opportunity, ff when she was left alone'with Maurice jl she began gently to take him to task J& on the subject of his desertion of . hia ; M old friends next door. ? ? S Felice was glad of the opportunity S of doing this. It seemed to justify W her in her.own eyes that she should iff use her influence over Maurice— if m indeed, she possessed any — to. lead m him back to the feet of another . ¥ woman. m ' I don't think she is at all a nice | girl,' thought Felice to herself,.. 'and. I she isn't the kind of girl I should have 1 thought Mr Fenton would have - - ffl admired. But she is what is called ' a ' M man's woman/' I suppose. ? And she is ffl rich, and Stoneroyd wants money. The m Fentons generally marry for -money,' . |§ end then run . through it, as Louisa ' jm tells me. Mr Fenton seems too manly m, for that. But Mr Gilmore tells me - $m there was a tacit engagement between » him and Miss Ellwin before — —' . mi She stopped, and, blushing hotly, M\ buried her face in her hands. - pfl ' Before I came,' was the natural ft] conclusion ; but the inference to be f|J deduced from the words was larrine Hi aa'd painful.- ? .? B ?_ M .How could her coining make any jt| difference? - - - ' --J -vigil rfm |1I SI Was she not married, bound for good or ill to a husband who, after a ^ month of wedded life, had thrown her upon the mercy of strangers ? i ?!??* Felice hated herself for the possi bility she recognised within her of passionate affection in defiance of law and duty. Self-analysis she had care fully shunned since the occasion of her visit to the Dark Arches, and Maurice iPenton's society she had ?avoided where it was possible to; do so without exciting nbtice- :; She was afraid of herself, fearful lest the reserve nature and training had alike imparted to her might be unexpectedly transformed to tender ness of look or tone in his presence. She left herself no leisure to think, in ? her new devotion tb'l household details, ? to Lady Eeriton's erratic fancies, and to, Marcus :? G-ilmore's egotistical , demands , ., upon her. , sym pathy and patience. But she suffered all the same. ; ; ... It was spring-time now, in « the' sixth month of her ; stay at Stoneroyd, and, Btill no letter had arrived from her husband, of whose , whereabouts she, was absolutely ignorant. s- ' As she rightly guessed, thisv silence was due to deliberate malice on the part of Eobert, who knew qnite well thatV with the threatened trouble of his return for ever 'hovering over her .. % head, there could be either happiness nor rest for his neglected wife.; ?But -for; Lady Fenton's occasional reference's, to her scapegrace soil, and to sixch , mementoes of his early life as his rbundharid, scrawling signature on. books arid on the walls and woodwork ot the 'house— but for these things, and that slender line of gold (upon her; baud,' !Pelice would sometimes have, been inclined to think- her marriage part of a ''distasteful, dr,eamj and herself a1 girl of twenty staying among friends, and free to choose a husband where her heart1 dictated1. ' ' But*the train of thought which the fancy started was too: 'dangerous' i to be followed far, and that sound sense which' characterised \Felice in her, normal .inoods. instantly decided. ? ,: 'It is: . wasted of time— worse, than waste of timeP— io wonder what, I should do if I'were free. I have made a mistake, and I must abide by its consequences.'.'. ' A lady called1 the other day,' she said to Maiiricej finiding him alone in the drawings-room! before .dinner, seated reflectively before the fire; stroking Tweedie's head,-. 'She left a Oi message' with me for ;you.' , Maurice's , fresh-coloured skin deepened to an all-pervading crimson. ' 'What lady ?' he asked abruptly. ' Miss Ell win, 'from the - house nearest to us. Isn't she the daughter of the old gentleman who would not have the portrait you painted of him ? ' Yesr ; but-— but what on earth did she want to be bothering you for, Mrs Fenton?'.^ -,.-,\ ':'\ir-:: .??? '- ?;,: -;? ' She '' called ;to see\ me,' pursued Felice, noting a certain anxiety in his tones, * And; she is very anxious, and bo is her,father,,r. belieye, for you to go round in the 'evenings as she said you had a habit of doing.' ' Whypyes,' said 'Maurice, ' So : I' had at one time,:but-4' ; ! ^ : '.['''[ ' teiit wha^?';;:;';..'^;''- ? ? y;;\' ,':' .': :,?)'? ? ^W!ell, , T( suppose I've grown older . and wiser.' ,,^. ?::?....'???? ' ???.? : ?''? 'ils it a sign of age or wisdom to get tired of one's friends* ? ? ? She was strangely nervous at heart,' , in spite 'of thecalm/elder-sister friend liness of her manner. ? , Maurice Btarted from his seat,' snd began to walk restlessly up arid - down ?- ? / ;:?.?'?-;.-;??'???:?;???- the room, with his hands in his pockets. . (To be Continued.) 