FORETASTES OF HEAVEN. BY LATE REV. C.H. SPURGEON. And they took of the fruit of the land in their hands, and brought it down on to up and brought as word again, and said, It is a good land .the Lord our God doth give us Deut 25. I shall not remark upoA (^figtHft^^oMgr to Bay that as the Israelites leau&Njf; OandAo tiL the fruit of the land broughtNra>t{reni by thel spies, so you and I, even whilBVl^B I %fei«ra_qi}_. earth, if we are the Lord's belove^»jnAy kjarnfv something of what heaven is—a state^tt^sJaflaL we are to attain hereafter—by certain blessings brought to us on earth. They were sure that the land of Israel was a fertile land when they saw the fruits which it produoed brought by their brethren, and when .they ate thereof. Perhaps there was but little for bo many, and yet those who did eat were made at onoe to understand that it must have been a goodly Boil that produoed suoh fruit. Now, then, beloved, we who love the Lord Jesus Christ have had dusters of the grapes of Eshool. We have had some fruit? of heaven, *Ter since we have known Christ, and by them. we are able to judge of the riohness of the soil of which bringeth forth suoh rare and choice fruits. I shall, therefore, present to you Borne views «f heaven, in order-to give yomjome idea how it •is that the Christian on earth enjoys a foretaste of them. * I.—A Place of Perfect Best. Yon sons of toil, yon love the sanctuary because it is there yon sit to hear God's word and rest your wearied limbs. When you have wiped the hot sweat from your burning brow, you have often thought of heaven when your labours shall be over; you have sung with •weet emphasis— Thore shall I bathe my, weary soul In aeas of heftvenlyrest. Best, reßt, rest—this is what you want. And to me this idea of heaven is exceeding beauti ful. Best, I know, I shall never have beneath this Bky. Willing lam to labour till I drop, but more I cannot do; yet I am perpetually assailed on this Bide and the other till, go where I may, there seems no rest for me till I slumber in my grave; and Ido look forward to heaven with some degree of happiness. There I shall rest from labours constant and perpetual, though I love them much. And you, too, who have been toiling long to gain an object yon have sought after—you have said if you oould get it you would lie down and rest; you have toiled after a certain amount of riches, yon have said if you could onoe gain a competence yon would then make yourself at ease. Or, you have been labouring long to gain a certain point of charaoter, and then you have Baid you would lay down your jurms ana" rest. Ay, but you have not reached it yet; and you love heaven beoause heaven is the goal to the raoer, the target of the arrow of existence; yon love heaven beoause it will be the couch of time, ay, an eternal rest for the poor weary straggler upon earth. Xpu love it as a plaoe of rest; and do we never enjoy foretaste of heaven upon earth in that sense"? Oh, yes, beloved: blessed be Qod, "we who have believed do enter into rest." 11\. Thb Fbuits of Service. But some indolent professors have a.different view of rest, and therefore let me just give the very opposite of it. Ido think that one of the worst sins a man can be guilty of in this world is to be idle. I oan almost forgive a drunkard, but for a lazy man I do think there is very little pardon. I tnink'a man who is idle has as good reason to be a penitent before God aB David had when he was an adulterer; for the most abominable thing in the world is for a man to let the grass grow up to his ankles and do nothing. God never sent a man into the world to be idle. Tet there are some who make a tolerably fair profession, but who do nothing from one year's end to the other. My friends, heaven will be a place of uninterrupted service, in a place where they serve God day and night in His temple and never know weariness, and never require to slumber. Do you know the delicious ness of work? For although we must com- Slain when people expect impossibilities of us, i is the highest enjoyment of life to be busily engaged for Christ. After all, service is delight. Praising" God is pleasure. Labour ing for Him is the highest delight a mortal can know. Oh, how sweet it must be to Bing His praises, and nevor feel that the throat ia dry! Oh, how blessed to flap the wing for ever, and never feel it flag 1 Oh! what sweet enjoyment to run upon His errands, evermore * to oirole round the throne of God in heaven while eternity shall last, and never onoe feel the throbbing of fatigue, never onoe the pangs that admonish us that we need to cease, but to keen on for evor like eternity—a broad river rolling on "with perpetual floods of labour. Oh ! that must be enjoyment! That mast be, indeed,a heaven To Serve God Day and. Night in His temple ! But you have served Ood on earth, and have had foretastes of that. I wish some-of you knew the sweets of labour a little more, more especially labourforOhrist. There is a satisfaction before the work ; there is a satis faction in the work; there is a satisfaction after the work; and there is a satisfaction in looking for the fruits of the work; and a great satisfac tion when we get the fruits. Labour for Christ is, indeed, the robing-room of heaven ; if it be not heaven itself, it is one of the most blissful foretastes of it. Thank God, Christian, if you can do anything for your Master. Thank Him if it is your privilege to do the least thing for Him, for remember in so doing He is giving you a tasto of the grapes of Eshcol. Bat you indolent people, you do not get the grapes of Eshool because you are too lazy to carry that big branob. You would like it to come into your mouths without the trouble of gathering it; but you-do not care to go forth and servo God. You sit still and look after yourselves; but what do you do for other people ? You go to your place of worship; you-talk about your Sunday Bchool, and tract sooiety, and so on, but you never teach in the Sunday school, and you never visit a sick person, and yet you take a great deal of credit to yourself while yoo do nothing at all. You will never know much of the enjoyments of heaven until yon know a little of the work of the kingdom of heaven on earth. 111\. Another view of heaven is that it is Sy A Place op Complete Victory glorious triumph. This is the battlefield*, sJIUXis the triumphal prooession. This is the iae&\f the sword and the spear; that is the lana<| the wreath and the orown. This is the land at the garment rolled in blood and of the ssn£iAyt the fight; that is the land of the [vtußpet'd joyful sound—the place of the white "ftibe and of the shoot of oonquest. Oh, what a thrill of joy shall shoot through the hearts of all the blessed when their conquests shWl be complete, when death itself, the last of foes, shall be slain—when Satan shall be dragged captive at the ohariot wheels of Christ—when He shall have overthrown sin and trampled corruption as the mire of the streets—when the great shout of universal victory shall rise from the hearts of all the redeemed! What a moment of joy shall that be! Ob, dear brethren, you and I have fore tastes of even that. We know what conquests, what soul's battles we have even here. Did you never straggle against an evil heart, and at last overcome it? Did you ever have a strong temptation, and did you wrestle hard with it, and know what it was to sing with great joy, " My foot slipped, bat Thy mercy held me up"? Have you, like Banyan's Christian, Fought with Old Apollton? And have you seen him flap his dragon wings and fly away? There you bad a foretaste of heaven; you had just the fringe of what the ultimate victory will be. In the death of that one Philistine you had the destruction of the whole army. That Goliath who fell beneath your sling and stone was but one out of the multitude who must yield their bodies to the fowls of heaven. God gives yon partial triumphs that they may be the earnest of ultimate and complete victory. Go on and conquer, and let each conquest, though a harder one and more strenuously to be con tested, be to you as a grape of Eshcol, a fore taste of the joys of heaven. IV. Furthermore, without doubt one of the best views we can obtain of heaven is that it is a ttate of complete acceptance with God, reoog nised and felt in the conscience. I suppose that a great part ,of the joy of the blessed saints consists in a knowledge that' there is nothing in them to whioh God is hostile; that their peace with God has not anything to mar it; that they are so completely at union with the principles and thoughts of the Most High ? that Hia love is set on them; that their love is set on Him; that they are one with God in every respect. Well, beloved, and have we not enjoyed a sense of aooeptance here below? There have been bright days with some of us, when we could " set to our seal that God was true," and when afterwards, feeling that " the Lord knoweth them that arc His," we could say, " And I know that I am His too." There have been moments when, with an unfaltering lip, we could say Now, I can call my Jesus mina; - Now, I can all my joys resign; Can tread the word beneath my feet, And all that earth calls good and great. V. And, again, heaven is a ttate of Gbeat-and Glorious Manifestations. You look to heaven as the place where you shall . : ~- See, and hear, and know, All you desire and wish below. ' Ton are now looking at it as through a glass, darkly, but there you shall ccc face to face. Christ looks down on the Bible, and the Bible is His looking-glass. You look into it and see the faoe of Christ as in a mirror, though darkly; but soon you shall look upon Him Himself, and see Him faoe to faoe. You look forward to heaven as a place of peculiar mani festations. Tou believe that there He will unveil His face to you, that Millions of years your wondering eye a Shall o'er your Saviour's beauties rove. Tou are expecting to see His facer and never, never sin. You are longing to know the secrets of His heart. You believe that in that day you shall see Him as He is, and shall be like Him in the world of spirits. Well, beloved, though Christ does not now manifest Himself to us as He does to the bright ones there, have not you and I had manifestations even while we have been in this vale of tears ? Hast thou not had visions of Calvary? Hast not thy Master sometimes touohed thy eyes with eye salve, and let thee ccc Him on His cross ? Hast thou not said— Here I would Bit for ever, viewing Mercy's stream in streams of blood \ Precious dropp, my boul bedewing, Plead and claim my peace with God. Have you not wept tears of gratitude when you saw Him bleeding out His life for you, and beheld Him nailed to the tree for your sakeß ? And have you not seen Him in His risen glories ? Have you not anticipated the moment of His most glorious triumphs, when Ho Shall reign from polo to polo with illimitable sway. Yea, you have, and therein you have had fore tastes of heaven. When Ohrißt has revealed Himself to you, you have looked within tho vail, and have seen what is there; those glimpses of Jesus are but the beginning of what shall never end. Those joyous melodies of praise and thanksgiving are but the preludes of the notes of Paradise. VI. And now, lastly, the highest idea of heaven, perhaps, is that it is the place of most hallowed and blitsful communion. Dearly be loved, you hear us say, " And the oommunion of the Holy Ghost be with you all," but thera are many of you that do not know the meaning of that sweet heaven in a word. Communion 1 it is the flower of language; it is the honeycomb of words. Give me for my constant text and for ' My Constant Jo*—Communion. And I will not choose what kind of communion it shall be. Sweet Master, if Tbon givest me oommunion with Thee in Thy sufferings, if I have to bear reproach and shame for Thy name's sake, I will thank Thee ; if I may have fellow ship with Thee in it, and if Thou wilt give me to suffer for Thy sake, I will call it honour, that so I can be a partaker of Thy sufferings; and if Thou givest me sweet enjoyments, if Thou dost raise me up and make mo to ait together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, I will bless Thee. Dear friends, have you died unto the world as Christ Himself died ? And then have you had communion with Him in resurrection ? Have you felt that you were raised to newness of life, even as He was ? And have you had oommunion with Him in ascension, so that you could know yourself to be an heir to a throne in Paradise? If so, you have had the best earnest you can receive of the joys of Paradise. To be in heaven is to lean one's head upon the breast of Jesus. You have done it on earth? Then you know what heaven is. To be in heaven is to talk with Jesus, to sit at His feet, to let our heart beat against His heart. Oh may God help us all by His Spirit to realise some of the blessedness here below, and then, when Jordan is pasted, that we may enter into the fulnesß of His presence, where there la joy for evermore 1 