SNOWBAIiL. ' '[By ? thb Author of ? ? ' Paulina Lisle.'] PART IV. CHAPTER XXXIII. 'tired out- we are, my -heart and. i.' 1 It i3 the afternoon of another day — two. days '?later. My. lady's carriage waits before the stately portico of Manor Valentine, and my lady herself, n silk attire, comes down the broad stone step3. Miss Routh follows,- MiBs Valentine last of all, in a stiff, rustling moire of melancholy, dead-leaE tint, \- and all three enter the carriage. -Sundry boxes i - and parcels are stowed away. Miss Kouth's maid \- ascends the rumble, and Miss Routh is in a state to bo be3t described by the undignified word ' fuss,' lest any of her belongings be left behind. ' Are you sure every thing is here, Bartlntt?' to Jiec maid ; ' are you certain the grey wig the apron, the shoes are all packod ? I suppose your maid has % ' attended to your things, Lady Valentine ?' rather sharply. ' She looks stupid enough to have for gotten ; and it will be rather awkward at the last moment if any unnecessary article is forgotten. You are not asleep, I hope !' more sharply still. ' I am not asleep, Miss Routh ; I hoar. I pre suine Jemima has attended. I have not looked. I dare say the dress and adjuncts are all right.' She ^answers coldly; she does not look at Sir Vane, standing, hat in hand, on the steps. She looks ont of the opposite window so listlessly as to give Miss South some grounds for her query whether she is v asleep. '. And you really will not come, Vane 1' Camilla says. ' Well, of course, if you must hurry down to Cornwall, you must. Bnsiness before pleasure, I \- suppose ; though it is an odious motto, and one you .need never subscribe to. It seems a pity to miss 4-Aio nrivaf-.fi fh^ahrififilR. iind not to see Ladv Valen tine' as the peerless Pauline. Colon«l Deering ?mill play the love-struck Melnotte con amorc, no doubt. Iiove-rmaking under false colors is rather in his line, .on. the stage, and off. .Well, good-by ; I shall write , yon. a full and detailed account of the ' Lady of Lyons,' and her goings on. ': Good- by, Brother Vane,' Bays, austerely, Miss [ Dorothy. 'Do not overwork yourself about those mines. 'When may we expect jou home ?' '?Do net know — not for weeks, it may be. I shall expect an exhaustive detail of all that goes on, ''Camilla' ' He glances at his wife as he says it. ' 'Good-by.' ' Good-by,' Miss Routh and Miss Valentine simultaneously answer. His wife, .alone j=its silent. ? She bows slightly in adieu, but even this without lifting her eyes to his face. . ?'SHumph !' says.Miss Valentine, sharply, 'you do not.bid your husband farewell, Lady Valentine.' jShe makes no motion, no answer. She might be deaf as she sits there, for all sign she gives. She ?is pale; dark shadows encircle her eyes ; those t)lu° -«yes look singularly large and sombre in her small, colorless face. 'Humph!' says Miss 'Valentine again, and glances at Camilla Routh. Something ia -every day, and very likely Cousin Camilla.- is at the ?bottom of it. Her thin lips wear a faint smile at -this moment, that Dorothy ValeiVsine knows of old, And distrusts. She gives it up, and the trio sit in .perfect silence, while the carriage bowls over the high-road in the direction o£ Broughton Hall. Broughton Hall, the family seat, where -boyish Harry Broughton reigns lord of the land, is 'eleven miles irora the manor-house, and is at present in a state of internal commotion over sundry private theatricals, to come off presently under the auspices ogf Mrs. Broughton and Colonel Deering. The 'I/ady of Lyons' is, as usual, the play to be done, and 'Lady Valentine has been chosen by acclaim as UUO'iauimt; UL uuc pieuc. Vf uci-uci ouc jjuoccooco the slightest histrionic ability is altogether a secondary matter— she is the prettiest woman in the .-county, she ie a bride and e, stranger, and young Harry Broughton has been beside himself with'love'for her ever since he saw her first-^three inconvertible reasons. He bums to play the Claude to her 'Pauline, but extreme youth, a bad memory, and -some boyish diffidence, stand in his way. Colenel :Deering, an old hand at the business arid troubled with none of these drawbacks, does Claude instead. bfoourse the usual trouble and .heart-burnings have obtained over the cas.t, but all is settled, more olr leso.satiafactorily, the rehearsals are well over, and to-niglit isWie night bjg with fate. The ladies of Mannr Valentine are not to return until to morrow. The drama is to be followed by a dance. Miss South 'has been cast for the Widow Melnotte, which parb she intends to dress in. pearl-gray silk, and a point-lace cap and apron — not exactly par haps in keeping with that elderly person's station in life, but dacidely-becoming to Miss-Kouth. And it will enable herito keep a watchful eye upon the fascinating Claude and-the too- truating Pauline. The eleven mil eB are done- in profound Bilence — three Carmelite nuns vowed to life-long speechless nesB cculd not have kept it more rigidly. The two ?actresses Btudy their part ; MiBs Valentine studies them through her spectacles with a severe cast of \- - countenance. She disapproves of them both. *Vha- TWTa-Tr -aim ia apt.hincr nn fchov drivp nn fho nnhlo avenue that sweeps to .the Hall, the dressingbell , is clanging out, and young Squire Broughton, flashed iind eager, runs down the steps to meet and greet them. Hh blushes with delight as he giveB bis hand to bis enchantress. ' I have been on the lookout for the past hour,' lie says. ' A little more, Lady Valentine, and I would have mounted ray ' dapple grey,' and ridden forth in search of you. But what is the matter P You are not ill, I hope ? You are as paler: — .-' ' ' Oh, no ! I am quite well.'' Her tone is as list less as her Jcok, her smile so flitting, her manner eo utterly without its custom-iry youthful bright ?nesp, that the lad looke at her in real concern. 'Jam afraid you are not. You do not look at all well — I mean, not like yourself. Perhaps, though you are only tired after the drive.' 'What is that?' asked Mrs. Bioughton, coming forward. 'Somebody ill? Not Lady Valentine, surely P Why, this will never do— our Pauline as pale as a ghost! What; is it? The drive? Nonsense! Fifty miles would not blanch Lady ' Valentine'6 roses. Surely you are not such a r foolish child as to let Sir V &ne.; 9 aoaence prey upon ':??'..-. your spirits ?' ? Miss Routh, sweeping down fclie wide oaken hall, laughs softly her silvery tinkle. 'That is ir, dear Mrs. Brouglrton. I did not like to betray trust, but your sh.wp eyeB have found it out. Consider ! A bride o£ little more than half a year ! and this is the first separation «.' The bluR- green eyes glanced backward' over her shoulder, ae she turns to ancend the stairs. ' Cheer up, Dolorea, doav. You look as O^amal as your name. W hat will your adoring Claude* say presently, if he finds his radiant Paulino all in the downs? ForhiB sake, if not for ours, forget t.^e '.?;'?'?? / absent lover for the present.' \ . .-i ?Dolores looks up at her— blue eyes and green meet, in one long, level, defiant gaze — the gaze of two swordsmen on guard. 'You are right,' -she says. 'You are always right, Camilla. I will teke you at your word.' She doeB. By a great effort she throws off her languor, her gloom, and gives herself up to the spirit of the hour. This is no time for memory, no place for cruelly-stung and spurred hearta. Eat, drink, and be merry. ' Gather ye roses while ye may.' Vane Valentine is out of her sight, she will shut him out of her thoughts as well. Facilis descensus Averni — this poor Dolores can go the pace as rapidly as the rest. Presently life and colour return to her, the flush of excitement to her cheeks, its fire to her eyes — the last trace of bitterness is gone. ' That is right,' says Harry Broughton, in an approving whisper. ' I knew you would be in first rate form when the time came. Gad, how I wish I was to be Claude, inutead of that lucky beggar, Deering,' 'That lucky beggar does not look particularly jubilant at this moment,' retorts Lady Valentine, 'aughing, ' That is because he is half a hundred miles from you, at the other end of the table, with only Miss E,outh— the Widow Melnotte— his mother, by Jove!' with a grin. 'Filial affection ought to suffice. He can't expect to monopolize you all the evening, even if he is to marry you presently. Miss Eouth is smiling at him like an angel, and still he doesn't look grateful. He looks bored. He really 'hadn't ought to,' as our transatlantic cousins have it.' 'lama transatlantic cousin, Mr. Broughton, if you please. Be careful.' ' By Jove! so you are. But then you are a ? Canadian, aren't you ?' looking puzzled. ' Do you know, I never got it straight, somehow. ' And it is a matter about which I don t like to be muddled. ' Naturally !' laughing. ' It is a matter of mo ment.' ' But viliicli are you ? Yankee, Canadian, French —which ?' ?''I don't know,' still laughing. ' I get muddled ?myself when I try to make it out. A little oE all three, I think, with a sprinkling of English extrac tions thrown in. See Miss Valentine watching us —we really 'hadn't ought to,' Harry. Miss Valen tine disapproves of laughter, and we are laughing shamefully— 3 am sure I do not know at what — and we are shocking her to the deepest depths of her being.' Squire Broughton makes a feeble effort to adjust a glass to one eye, and stares across at the stern ?virgin uuwu but; tauic. ' Rum old girl,' he thinks, for in his inner conscience this youthful heiria slangy. 'I wonder what it feels like to be a venerable fossil like that, and ugly enough to be set up in a c,ofn-field. What business has she with a mwastache when other fellows can't raise a hair? Should think yon would find it rather — a*n— flattering,' he says aloud, looking with, compassion at his fair friend, ' to see much ai that lady. Elderly parties of that stripe prey on my spirits, I know. But then, of conrse, you have always Miss Bouth.' ' I have always Miss Routh,' assents Lady Valentine, and the smile that goes with the words puzzles the simple brain of young Broughton. ' Au revoir, Harry.; your mamma gives the signal. Don't stay long,' she whispers, coquettishly, as she rises to go. There ia.no time for staying — the gentlemen speedily follow the ladies, and the stage is cleared for action. A last hurried rehearsal is gabbled through, while the guestss gather ; there is no time for anything but the play. Everybody runs about, chattering their speeches frantically, with little books in their hand6. The roll of carriages is almost continuous now ; there will barely be time to dress before the hour. A very large gathering are coming ; every seat in the amateur theatre promises to be full. The rehearsal ends ; there is a long interval, during which the audience talk and laugh, and flutter into their seats, and read their bills. Fans languidly wave, jewels brilliantly flash, music fills the air. The orchestra, at least, is all that it should be ; it remains to be seen whether the amateurs are^. The hour strikes, the bell tinkles, the drop-scene goes up, the play begins. All the world knows what the ' Lady of Lyons,1' performed by amateur aotors and actresses, is like. Young Indies and. gentlemen, stricken dumb with stage fright at sight of all those watchful eyes, losing every atom of memory at the first sound of their own voice3 ; arms and legs horribly in their owners' way; quivering voices that refuse to be heard beyond the first row of seats. The prompter flnrt C!nlnnAl FippriTKr Arp tinfi hwn mnnf. ftndihia man of the troupe. For the ladies, Pauline does fairly well, speaks her words audibly, lets Claude make love to her, as through she were quite used to it, and does not seem to find her hands and arms an tincumbrance. It is not her first appearance, it will be remembered ; the recollection of that last time,. when she wore the dress of 'La Eeine Blanche,'' and Rene and grandmamma sat and watched, rises before her with a cruel .pang more than once. But it will not do to think of old times, or old friends, to-night; the present is all she can attend to. She is: received and rewarded with great applause, and many bouquets, and much soft, clapping of gloved hands. On the whole, the Pauline and Claude of the evening are a success, and ' the leaven that lightens the whole play. ' But for Lady Valentine and Colonel Deering, it would be a signal failure,' iB the universal verdict. ' And a handsome pair, are they not P Colonel Deering speaks and looks his part to the life. One would think he meant it every word.' ' Perhaps he does,' is the significant answer. ' Deering has been hard hit for some time, and makeB no secret of it. Watch him whets the dancing begins, and you will see.' But there is not much to Bee. Lady Valentine does a few duty dances, one with Claude Melnotte, of course, but no more. She pleads a headache, site out, to the unutterable chagrin of at least half a score of suitors. Colonel Deering follows her lead, and dances as little as possible also. He keeps near her, but ' not at home to admirers' is written legibly in my lady's eyes to-ni £ht. She keeps close to Miss Valentine, and the man who could make love within ear-shot of the austere Dorothy would be something more than man. It is all over at last ; 8he is glad when it is, and she can go up to her room, trailing the white silk bridal bravery of Madame Claude Melaotte after her. Perhaps she is losing her zest for these things — or is it a pre sentiment of evil to cotae that weighs upon her to-mgui/r ? Next day comes, and bringo with it Colonel Deer ing, and sundry of his brother officers. The ladies Valentine were to have departed after breakfast, but their host and hostess urged them to remain until after luncheon, Mias Routh yields gracefully, so, perforce, the others follow ; she is ever leader in these small social amenities. Dolores does not care. Here, or at Valentine, what does it signify P It ie equally gloomy everywhere. So they remain until afternoon, and then, attended by a strong military eacorfc, set put on the return march, home. That dull feeling of impending evil weighs upon I Lady Valentine still. She cannot talk, she sita i silent, listless, languid, the gay chatter of Miss Routh falling without meaning on hor ears. She hardly cures what may happen ; it seems to her life can be no more bitter, no more hopeless, than it is. Her heart lies like lead within her ; the brief, fictitious sparkle of last night has vanished like the bubbles on champagne. Life stretches ont a dreary stagnant blank once more. She goes up to her rooms the moment she arrives. Jemima Ann, for a wonder, is not there to meet he. ' Send my maid, please,' she says to one of the housemaids, and the girl looks at her with almost startled eyes. 'Oh, if you please, my lady, Jemima ain't here!' ' Not here ?' pausing and looking. ' What do you mean ? Not here ? Where is she, then ?' ' Please, my lady, she's gone away.' 'Gone away?' 'Yes, my lady, with Sir Vane. And if you please, my lady, I think she's gone like for good.' Dolores has been standing; she sits suddenly down at these words, feeling sick and faint. 'There's a letter for you, my lady,' the woman goes on — 'there's two, please, on your dressing room table. She cried when she was going away. She went last evening, about an hour after you.' Without a word my lady hurries into the dress, ing-room. There, on the table, two letters lie — one all blurred and nearly illegible with tears, and blots, and blisters. ' My Ever Dearest. Dear Miks SmmnArj,. — He says I must go away. He says I must go this very hour, and without bidding good-by to you. I hope you will be able to read this, but I am so blind with crying, I can hardly see to set down the words. If I make trouble, it is better for mo to go. My own dear, sweet Miss Srfowball, good-by. I am going to London first, and I will write to ynu from there. And I hope you will answer. I carnot go back home without a word from you. I hope you will be happy, and not forget your poor Jemima Ann. I have plenty of money, so don't worry about that. Good- by, my own best and dearest darling. I will never serve any one again as long as I live that I will love like I do you. Your ever faithful Jemima Ann.' She takes up the second letter ; it as shorter. 'DoIiOebs. — You refused to obey me, and dismiss the woman Jemima. As I any determined to be obeyed in all things, great f*ud small, J remove her this evening. Do not attempt to go after her or have her back. You will defy me in this, or in anything else, atyour peril. ' Y.our husband. Vane Valentine.' A shadow comes between her and the sunshine. She }ooks up from these last merciless words, and sees standing on the threshold, a sneering smile of triumph on her face, Camilla Routh. (2o be continued.) 