CRICK HIT NOTES. TBy Batsman.! Who are to be the 1893^4 premiers of the B. & L. Association is a question easily asked and rather easily answered. They are not going to be the premiers of last season—the Ka-pundas. If they do manage to seenre first place this season, then it will be one of the greatest uncertainties of cricket I have ever known. A month or so back I thought, as did many others, that the erstwhile champions were good enough for anything they met in the association, but that was before the Barossas received addi tional strength by H. Roberts and J. A. Thomson putting in their lot with them. With the team the Etarossa club can put in the field there is no fear of being defeated by either of the other. Poor old. Nuriootpa! . What will they do while Sa>m Plush is away? They are completely " lost," as it were, ■without him. Plush has, I believe, only gone away to Western Australia for a month* so that his club will have him in the; last couple of association matches. The clubs now are running evenly, in pairs:— Barossa and Kapunda six points each, and the other two four points each.. Theijr positions, respectively, are— In calculating two points are counted' fo,r a win and one for a draw S - 7s 2 _? -> -« -u "o g 5 .H Club, -h g? « 5 "a o' ils g S fi S Ai ^ £ *3 ft p Kapunda. ... 5 3 2. 0> O 6 Barossa 3 2 O V & Nuriootpa. ... 6 2 3 0 1 4. Lyndoch ... 5 2 3 0 © 4 The result of the Kapuuda-Barossa con test was a foregone conclusion. What could the team they took to Tanunda (minus Moody and Clare again) do against the eleven the locals ha4 out The Barossas, now, hy-the-hy, are composed of Truro,. Angaston, and Tanunda players, the latter be'iag in the great majority. Pellew is the only one to be relied ©n at aJJ in *Cruro,th6 ■ others, if they go in for any game at all, are followers of la,wn tennis. The strength of the combineds is principally of Angftston ancl lanunda, but the Truro man >s. well worth his place, and often helps the Barossas very much. Saturday week \eas one of those occasions. The visitors on the 27th i*lt, made a very fair stand-^103—considering the team they had to play against, but they could not do muoh with Pt'.llew, whose delivery was much better than usual. Clarke batted the best of the lot. His score of 20 was very neatly put together. Muoh cannot be said of the visitors* batting on the whole. Foster put up the top score (28) in short time, and Sampson surprised all by his inning of 17 not out. Abbott's 12 were fairly well-made. Jacob only lasted a couple of balls and made his first " duck" for the season. The bsst bowling, as I mentioned before, was done by the Truro representative (Pellew), and Richardson also trundled well. The principal feature of the diy was the exhibition of Eweus (who made 49 not out) at the wickets. This player, who is rather young yet at the «ume, played a very masterly game, and kept the bowling down very well, maMn? no uppish strobes worth speaking of. 'luch, if he continues in the way he batted in this jmttch, will be heard of Ewtias in future cricket. Bat I must not give him too. much praise yet awhile, in case he should get spoiled, but he deserves the congratulations of all for Saturday week's performance. Weeks hit-out well for his 4S. The last tiu« I wrote 1 mentioned how he had disappointed me in his failure, to ssore, and in the next match in—the .oao I aui writing about—he comes out of his shell a bit, and goes in for a little taller scoring. His anxiety to score, though, nearly cost him his wicket more than once in the early part of his innings. That was disappointing also, as Weeks is noted for the careful and easy manner in which he bats. Sea. Flush made 39 in his usual style. He, with Weeks and Ewens made more than was Required to win. J. Thomson (4) was the other ilot- out man. It strikes me very forcibly that if the locals had all had time to have batted they might have put up the record score of the associa tion. Four or five reliable men had to bat after Ewens and Thompson had succumbed, such as Roberts, two von Bertouchs, and Richardson, and one or two others. ! If I mistake not, I mentioned in these columns before the mismanagement by the skipper of the Kapunda bowling. Much has been lost by the rather poor judgment he has in this way displayed, and probably that club would have been .saved such a severe drubbing as it received on the 24th ult. had the bowling been differently managed. I do not wish to make too much of this, but from the little I do say it is to be hoped the hint will be taken. First of all, Foster keeps himself on longer than he ought, though he have a few overs, then take a spell, and afterwards go on again. Of course, as sometimes occurs, he is pretty successful; then it is excusable, but on this occasion he was being knocked about freely —about 50 being scored off 84 balls. Then Abbott—who oftener than not keeps the Tuns down—was too expensive, and should have been taken off before he was. In the second place much more judgment would be displayed were the skipper to, on such an occasion as this, change the bowling more frequently. Certain is it that the Eapundas have so many good 'uns that it is a difficult matter for the captain to know who to put on or whonot to. There isr.no telling what a change may effect, be the trundler good or bad. Dick Hawke could have been tried, and Sampson and one or two of the others. TheNuriootpas hadn't a "ghost" of a show of winning their fixture with the team they had out against Lyudoch, and to use a strange expression—which is not original—. they went down like " water." With Sam. Flush absent a very marked difference is made to the strengf h of the team; Thamm was not playing, and bis services are gener ally very helpfuL The ccore of the winners —113—was not very tall, and was mostly put together by three of the team. Evans's innings was good and brought the top score. Only three of the Nuriootpas made any thing like a stand. The Lyndoch bowling was good, Junc.ken and Evans securing the wickets. Ned O'Brien and Ellis trundled well, and were the most successful of the home team. The English "Eleven which is expected to visit the colonies next season will be brought out by Mr. A. E. Stoddart, not by Lord Sheffield, as was at first said. Her father(coming suddenly into the room) —" Eh, what is this ?" Her lover—" I was telling Miss Budd a story." Her father— " With your arm round her waist?" Her lover—lt Er—yes, sir. It was a love story." Lady—« Do you always drink grog when you're thirsty, captain ?" Captain—" No. madam. When I'm thirsty I drink water like you. Lady—" Then when do you drink grog?" Captain--" The rest of my time I" J A man suddenly ended his bachelor career by marring a widow worth ,£40,000. "Don't imagine,' said he to one of his friends,"that I am simply married for money. If she had had only >£20,000 31should have married her just the same." A New Adjective—Customer—" You'll find I measure a bit more round the waist than I did the last time you took my measure." Tailor—" Ah, well, sir, if I may u W sa^ so' are a trifle more —ah—more Lobenguious than formerly." ''Then, Marie, you don't love me any longer?"—" No, dear, lean only be a sister to^you for the future." " A real true sister?" Yes ? " Ah, then, lend me a sovereign." Jack—"Modern brides don't blush I observe." Maudi—"Certainly not. Looking back over countless generations we are beginning to realise that it's nothing to be ashamed of." Justice (sternly) —Why did not you interfere in this disgraceful.fight ?'; Police man—"Faith, yer honor, Oi hadn't the heart to intyfere in the best foight I saw sine* Oi lift Coneemara ?" Mrs. Nuwed—" Henery, that new cook of yours is some relation to the one we just discharged." Mr. Nuwed—" Great Caesar! bow do- you know ?" Mrs. Nu wed—" Well, the policeman on th^ beat is her cousin, too. * Pat (with bad toothy—" PU take a bit uv that toothpowder, av ye plaze. Wan av them dentistfelleys pulled a tooth for me wunce, but I'm after tryin* on this wan." "The scent of violets makes Patti so hoarse that she can scarcely speak/* said Gasser- to- Ohinuer. That evening Mr. Chinner took home a large bunch of violets to Mrs.,Chinner. | Fussy Girl (waiting for expected caller), j " There's a step. .1 wonder if that^s him." >. (Step passed on) " Dear; dfeac-!' I ought j to have wondered1 if that were he." Cora " You have a fine- sense- for- the ridiculous."" Dick (rather flattered)— " Why do you thiufcso-?"* Cora—" I noticed yo«! smiling- at yourself in the- mirror."* Hte—"I know-Iain not very strongs hut they say it pute new fife into an old man to marry.": She—■" Yes,.I suppose that's^ the serious obstacle;^ _ Stillingfeet;—■" How- could you> conscien tiously till Mi& Eldgrfciiatebe isthe only .^^35 :^lH»gJjftst—^"It is a fact- "Th6 ot&s;^^tfr6i,ie alliy/>iMrg:girl$.' Doing is a great thing; Fftr ir resolutely people do what is right; ii* time theyr come to like, doing it. Have a purpose a life; and' having it throw into your work such steength.of mind' and muscle as god has given youi. Sacci. the faster is insane, and-is: nowin an asylum near Paris. His delusion has, taken the form of a belief that he is;Caesar. and Napoleon in one., 4 Snobbins is the best talker I ever heard' on one subject.' * What's that ?' • Himself ." 'The last thing Fred did was to kiss me." ' I should think it would be!' i Jones—' Does Daubre paint for a living ?' I Wrierht—' I should say not, to judge by his pictures/ The typicial Australian with ail the virtues which are popularly ascribed to him would be a very lonesome personage indeed if he really existed. ° Fond Parent—' Icannot interfere, Bobby; your teacher writes me that she thrashed j you on principle* Bobby—* Well, she > didn't Don't you-think l know where she licked me?' •Women dread fiearms,* she said ner vously. 'How about the other kind The whispered, extending a couple towards her and she never flinched. ' A correspondent asks : ' Would you or any of-"your numerous readers iufovn a constant reader how to learu to play the flute ?' Not if we know it. Tourist (in Ireland) —' I should like a room with an iron badstead/ Hotel pro prietor—' Sorr, Oi haven't an iron bedstead i in the place—they're all soft wool. But you'll foind the mattras3 noice and hard sorr.' 