[NO\Y FIRST PUBLISIIED,] THE SINS OF THE FATHERS, BY KEITHI FRLEMING, Author of "lly tihe Night's Express," ' Can luch Thlilngs Ist" "At the Eloventh Hlour," eto. [CI.Y'IO liT,] .1NTIIOD UCTOItY, The r stances sullrroundinglllllll the following anwhl and inlinltely pathetic invtaulee of Ilyiterlios disappl,t?uallnce do nut owe their birth to imagination, are not the iotncolte of liction 's tatehousel, blt are actual facts. Milysterilis dliuallcarnuces nre multi plyiig rotuld us daily, and very frequently defy solultion. T'he real netors in the following dtrama tay have tmovedl in at simeilihat dillferent spihere of life firom the neepaInts of Ardent (rangeul. The diltails oand ieess?roies of this stirtling record of sorrow, atui sill, IlId mystery, imay vary in slight iidegr frolll thle eIViI'ronmellt of th ictaitual flets, libut all else remains tle (lIIoi', anII goes to swell thU ever iin?reiasii g roll of proof that " truth is stranger that lietion." CIIAPL'TIERl T. otrsclA s:r ANDl 3M.tess. It is n Novlember eve. A wild, slornloy 'noveihmber evo; cold, bleak, wintry,; eithellr now nor l ill, but rough, iagged elands seurrying on helu;re a ltierce upper clrrent ; a sky that h'uears onl its Ioloeing title'-pnge aclearly writ prophelcy f tonupest to tome; yet Imany guests, ehielly young people, are rithtlerlI ill Ardvln Grnllge to keep the mystic All Bums' Night in the good old fashioned wiay. olle f ilem lihtre cone a long diltuianc, and will remain for days, llthers wllho live ill the neighblourhood, will ililli'rso to tlheir respective homes after tlhet Illillight rites oind ceremlonies, the trembliing, excitl, half- laughinlg, i:.lfli'ifuil elicits to lift over sl little thie shltlinig veil of the ftur'e, to peer tlhe liniest hit into the great, dini, mlsterici s "lli' ilunknowni " that liies jiut leyoultd tlhe netIl andll visible Iiaround l s. Yes, ia goodly coimpany of yolng folk have met on this November eve, to laugh iId IllllOe mierry; f)r the mslter of .Arnden iraunge is a jolly, kindly, country suuire if t'I olll school, h Itn loves nothl illg hller lhan to si'o yollung people mrud him, e~joyinig the youth tlhat so ..lly son slips away. Thlie guIesi.l, with onlle or two excep tionsi, Inssimbledl in the early iafternoon, determined to hav it lie a n l delicious elnllillng of vlaried einjoyment. Oll-filshiuneitd holiurs reign at lthe I'Grai'ge, the Squire of Arden ill no e'ir'eluimitaes diing lter thain tire o'cllock ; ndul n, it is scareely moiir thlan si\, when Ileu niusil habble of many gy, sweet voices is Iheard ill the great Alden drawingriiis. Wuhat long, delightful hours of fun iand I uglhter aild iinnocenit young frolic lie hbifore them ! Not unitil eleveni, ait the aiuliiest, will they Cnlllellelnce any of tlie t11Ie-hoiuired u tieclatiteitts, the Ih,+ i nl -hlclt u ', iiiil h al l hli, sollleiihi w,hlll -t ung, divinigs prlenlimrlylinked by uskthln with thi . i iht's solmnli lotival ; anil ill the time hletween is to l mla ui p of ttli th, and musicillte, anldll pleao'e otf many kilnds. Awl ,so, the reilly younDg oines of the uparty, of whatl there is qulite a large ontilng t, idlge in andi, imerlry gllilnes, Ilpinig in lexuberant gl.e to ltheir ]eart'' coutunt. Never has laughter more ectatie, ioure satluratedl with enjoy. Intc, rung out within the wall of the hitorie il1 (uunge lhanu in this "All ,Soi!+' Nigh'," whi~ their hlders, ihio Ilullng pi1pl? wholl have uattained the a ulignity oif uni ilnhd and wouauuhood, duince, recite, lnet chluarates, snlug, play, ani Ilirt, with equal aiubuidn of delight. 'Tlhey iun no wly cdish, these tw li idLies of iirriy-makll eri ; the suite if four stately drawiug-lotis it the Ianil lge, teli ufliiinlig fromei t other, i giveis plentl y of roomlti a to spare for all. people t, alt few qlieter, Iolre thoughtful spirits, who, fiier all hour or tio's lpi'ticilptioui is the laughter andil frolic, grow it little wvllary of theillse more volatile nliiuIsemeniilts, itndl gather to.gether il the fllrllth all ilerlllui nopuinent,?u l there rounl the wide oldll-fashioied hearth sit I itld beguile the lit? o i iimuclh wiort ntlli'alleiig fashion, necmuidiiig to their ideasl, thlllli dol the il?sy evellers i theu Aitl scnl, tIhe fe' relllnly eiley rly ail I luhllle.-agcl liollO aloii al gt itli'reo'sl guilists join thelii, toill iy ilEgrees their I tuiutit, iu:s swell, so that Ity tabolthlf.last I ,ight ior nln o'elilek, withl the excepltion I oh tie chlilhren, who lire lnt yet tired t ipiiueiihilv oif I)inib ('raiibo, " In tleo ilia k it Place," &e.;, all cr0 iiseibled in I that iiler-rooln, hlearlkeuin ing toor telling itale f horroir, ghostly lhgettui or ghstly I rolia otice, Ciliin grittly a lroiriote, other I iqlailly irrclvalit to ilthe iyterioust night it is. AilI g that gay crowiil of lhappy, lhoghhig girls, ,Aihhel Ardeil, the Sutoire' niiece, is rioniirlkeihle both for her sil e li ,l ea uca ty, onid lr iii iheir timy, Ibstruclehd Cseri'islnees iin hter glreat, grcey Iyec. Slithe makes otsii of tIhe ltoiry-tllitt gr Iu , nll u, ht seet i llgly half ogitinst iher will. lle shriluhs ito a cnt orer, acd liltenus is it wlert itdei liprotest anitl wheli tie otlue. Inuigh ntul exelaie, she I oiily hlulderii anl1 gi'ow lal. 0 i It ieh nto words to tell tlhat that Il lull Ihle-looklting iani, with lthe dark,I tearillest face, stianlig in l thle liaolow iilelc her, looks in A[tbls tre llr aituty itin itiero friendlly, lomiiriig spirit no, hugh I)elncer 's earthly 1ho0le1 are centrel i thlllt getle gilrl, withl the rallipt andl visluitilry iyes. Several turief, hut most unipleaisatly iiuneiiy stoiries havlie l eri henldy tohl o iti listetuleed ti with tonch illillarenit unctiuii nit enjiliyuient, there lioro been sutiihuy littli shudlilorC, aiiil nhasty glitcese livetr slhoullleors, initol tanliy lind varlis execiatlul'tiOPs if n.totishloIent and hloruor, tlrse i?nichg the hildiopentsibluc iecessoriecs iitilllt the gluost- telliug buii?hes; bit i no iloe is relally erciolsl hllregssed soae ilahl, nuld i e ionly lgrowis pler and hller, ml sits i iiliilnys no ruoril, while hugh oiiantil, protectiigly, just ot her hock, ularti'g ihnpatient, tilgry glances at the eaget', onoilisclOuis gru.up of young Aitoth'r story is at its height, ond L'attain A.tniotage, th[e narrator, who rithi' pril'C hiimself on his hiiowers ti9 0 suceOteutl hat reasled the thrillihg point, the lliubx of horror, and all those hiright Jirl-foues are trnied towardn hlim in pretty Iruoathlels interest, and he hinds the titituil rather pluiant, nod wishien to urutliung the uequel of thItl ghastly talc, whil owivs it ti g tilt to luegunhlory rue or wild oupni titlons, bitt to steno history's relentless, ciuel, unvarnished facts. But just at this moment a deputation from the younger division rudely burets in upon the imedieval, inquisitorial atamosphere of the suspense-held circle, with a clamorous petition that some of these sedate elders will come and play at hide-and-seek in the west wing. "It is just the night for it," they declare, vociferously, with energetic volubility, "and just the place." No where can you play such a game as in the dear old Grange, where there are such a number of delightfully- unexpected little rooms and passages and quaint, funny staircases leading nowhere, It is just made for it, But the small pleaders are met with a storm of denial. What foolish children they are, Do they expect everyone to be as great babies as themselves ? some say; while others declare that they are much too tired, or that it would be much too cold in that uninhabited west wing; while one young lady, an elder sister of two of the delinquents and one of the narrating warrior's most enthralled listeners, asserts with rebuking emphasis tlhat they are very naughty to interrupt Caphiin Armitago's most interesting story and that she hopes they will go away and be good self-effacing children for the rest of the evening, Just as the youlngstersa turn away, dis ca?tlited, .label springs to her feet, with a relieved air, and says that she will go; it will lie grand fin-a good gameo of hide-and-seek to night ; a thousand times better than sitting still listening to such horrors. And although she has notnally attained tihe maturity of nineteen, and is naturally if a rather serious, thought ful temperrmenit, she marches away at the head of the juvenile bahd, ho ione soand all declare, front the patriarch ofthe party, who has reached the vener,ble ago of fourteen, down to the eight-year-old rosy cheeked:l rclin, that "Mlab is a grand old brick," antd that the others de serve for their selfishness, to le carried off by the " nasty ghosts" they are " so tead albout." Ifugh Denver follows through the stately rooms till they reach the outer door, leadiling o to the corridlor, entreat ing to be allowedl to eccompany them; but 3fabel will not hear of it. It won!d Only render thelt ridiculous, she asserts; for her, it is only natural that shle should go,; shite often hasnt a good romp with these yonng cousins anti fiends wlhen they come to A rden ; Ibesides it is her duty to try and amuse the youngsters, when her uncle has no )hoine daughter; and when tihe childlren wish to play some of the more boisterous gaines, such 'is hare and hounds, hide and seek, &c.;, they generally adljourn to the west wing. "But they are timid of gointg about this great iambling old house at ?uiglht by themselves," she cantinues, "whereas I can flid my waaythrough all its quaint and puzzling intricacies Ilindfold, and I have not a spark of fear," with a bright, dauntless smile. " We shanl't lie away miore than half ani hour or so, and I hope by then they--" noddling her head in the direction of the dlistant conclave, '' will have satisied their unhealtly appetites for the horrible." She concludes with a little contellalnuous laugh, as she looks up into lfugh's dark face, with those wonderful grey eyes that seem to pene ti ate and look lheyond some mystery that no one else knows anything about. Then sln turns, and is gaone, joining the impatient children who are waiting for her; andt Iugh stands at the door and watches the slender girlish figure as it dlisappears down the long brilliant lighlted corridor, with those yunug thiiigs s lto love her so well crowding rouind her, and Mia tli, is, ad Mal) that, comes to his listening ear, in their alshill, clear treble, and the soft tmusical tones of her voice in gay response. Then they reach the further end, and turn off to the left, hound for the west wing, and she pauses for just a moment and wafts a kiss from her dainiy finger tips, while her irrelpressible omradies give a shout of triumph ; and then all I vanishl, and Hugh l)enver walks back reluctantly to the excited circle iin that inner roaut wihoi lie looks upon with rather an inimical gaze-thougb many sweet, bright glances are shot at his ilteresting liandsouno fice front soft winsuome eyes-and linds that the con versation I;ts taken in his absence a somewhat new departure. CIIAPTER IfI, F.tANTIC. Captain Armtitage has finished his mletiiteval horrors, tiid Mr Normnan Leslie, a distanlt cousin of the Ardens- a briefllss barrister, who has lately taken to litcruture, in wlliclh lie has already o tadel soiio lnark, his short stories, con trilitedl to various imgazines, being consideredlpiuhy, vigoroue, graphic--hns plinged into n O nimatt d argitment with I ellerly, iprejudiced Mtr ]urroughls, n country gentleman and neighbolor of I Squire Arldei's, on the Ile wosnderful discoveries in science, andil the decided clhlnges tlhat it migiht be failrly predicted they will elffeet as thlie goes on in genieral life and customt and society ; especianlly dwerlling on tlhe suppressioIn of crime and the dletection of thle criminil by the agency of Naoture'e miystic, iewly developied foirces beitg suiimmioned to tihe aid of lawue and justice. The old mouan is fonatically dispute. tions, and very obstinate; one of those peolile, whio will helievo only whltait they actutally see. lie is soinewhat of a hibliophile, antd clever in his cynical way. lie almoost lives amongst his books htl, old books ; ldelighting in collecting specimets tf editions of obsolete and forgoteten works, in uteaurtling wonderful atld ancieiut alnuscriipts, of ito particulhr vlite perhaps, save that they ibelong to that past nhichll hIe deifies; while detest. ilg and abhiorring all thinigs modern. lie insists with imoivabl persiotence, that the wriiil lus steadily retrogaded since the Elizabethan age, i:rving then reached its perihelion of intellectual greatness ; that the great centre of l)ivino intelligence, tihe Vwotdrois mystic spirit of "' Tlonght," lthat pervades all, andI is all of life and creation, was then approached more inearly in his opinionI by oman's finlite mental powers than in any after periold. The great noderni fetish, JMicdnuery, Ihns, he says, absorbed man'a best brain power. Into the ever-eirclingwheelsand cogs and crauks, into thle myaterious mignetio wires, into all the horror of those roaring, hissing, moving iron creatures, that seem instinct with an insidiolus demon-like life of their own, hie lias worked the soul of genius, And is it any wonder that when thus chained euarthwards, thle Pegasus should have become a very ordinary horse indeed; capable, certainly, of plenty of good, hard, Ihonest workc, but the wings which htro him leavenwards are clipped and will not grow again. That there is more general knowledgile, eloverness, call it what you will, in these latter timnes, than at any other heriodl of tbhe world's history, he concedes; in formation is more widely spread, but a universal illumination of pigmy rush lights is surely 'dearly bought, at the sacrifice of all the glorious :elestial lamps. Thus, by the hour will old Wyndham Blurroughs hold forth. Certainly, a peculiarly aggravating opponent for Norman Leslie to have tackled, with his many new-faungled and strictly modern notions, his perfect belief in the supreme intellectual standard of Ihis own time, and disbelief in excellence of any other period. The old man flatly refuses to be con vinced by Ihis arguments, sneers at pro gress, " pish's" and " pshaw's" at the marvellous strides of science in these latter days, declaring energetically, that Iman is neither happier nor better thun lihe was in the days of what the present presnmptuoaus generation are pleased to call primneval ignorance, despite all these vaunted scientific explorations. lie challenges Leslie to prove his facts ; above all the conneetion between science and crime, or rather, the van quilshing of crime. But Norman Leslie is not easily worsted; Ito takes up his cudgels of argument with renewed vigour, and speaks rapidly, earnestly, convincingly, as most of Iis yomnger hearers think, for the next tesn minutes or so. But lie is determined that too muchl time shall not be spent in the discussion of thedry bones of political economy. lIe noticed, while his elderly opponent aired Iis somewhat singular, and dis tressingly pessimistic views, that two or thren of tile yotunger ,membcers of the party had yawnied surreptitiously, while a decidedly bored expression shone in more than one pair of lovely eyes, especially in those of a sweet, winsome Irish girl, whose arch and witching ways have made sad havoc in the grave young barrister's heart, though Ihe fears the pretty Katthleen's smiles have a reprehensible eatholicity in their un desirable impartiality; and he sighs softly as lie watches those lovely, errant eyes turn on Denver-who is incon scions of their glance, his tlhonghts being with tlhe absent 3Malel-with a dreamy, dangerous sweetness in their gaze. What would not he (Norman) give for just such a look ? Yet it is given to another, who neither seeks it nor wishes for it; whose tlhouglhts are so engrossed by another woman as to be even unconscious that those witching eyes are turned ont hims. Is it not ever so in life ? lie thinks des pondently. What we care and crave for, and long, hl, so ardently to possess, is given to another unasked, who values it not one whit, and most likelyy earns for quite something else. A man loves a woman truly and passionately; she cares for him not a straw, and is eitlher, perhaps, unconscious or contemptuous of his affection, wlile her whole soul, the very meaning of her being, the life of her heart, is given to another man, who does not care for her, has never cared for her, will never care for her--however, poor fool, site may delude herself-who very possildy is serenly unaware of or indilferent to her regard, and who, most probably, in his turn, likes or will like somebody unattainable. Thus the poor human puppets play at cross-porposes with one another, a blind an crd crel Fate pulling the strings. Arnd then, as he glances at iHugh Denver's absorbed face, he sighs again, this time impatiently and a trifle enviously. IHas lie not-that uncon scions llghlt- everything that women are apt to admire and idealise in the sterner sex ? Nature here has been bountiful of her good gifts, thinks poor Normann, with something like a jealous pang. Hlow goodly to look upon is that tall, manly figure, with the long, lithe limbs and the broad, square shonulers ; the dark, in teresting face, the face of a student and a thinker, as well as of a brave, good mtan ; a face lit by a pair of wonderfully penetrating intense brown eyes, with a stratgo magnetic power in them, yet that can lok distant and dreamy as sow, or passionately tender as a while ago, when talking to MaIbel Arden. And then again how often just such ia gouise as this will clothe a base, cruel heart, or a frivolous, empty mind. Not that it is so in this case- far, far from it, as Norman knows so well. HIugh Denver is as nobly furnished in heart and brain as in that attractive exterior whlich appeals to the eye. But it does seemt hard, lie thinks a little sorely, that externals should go for so much with the greater number; that a man-or still oftener a woman- lshlld, in such conttless cases, be valued by his or her looks alone. Liked, admired, loved, scorned, flouted, passed over, as the case may be, according to the outward ap pearaneo of that casket in whlichl tIhe soul-whaich is the real nlan or vwomlant is enshrined. Hugh Denver lhas a good true, un selfish heart; but so has Iheo (Norman), and pierhaps one even moire yearning for love and symlpathy. HIugh hlas a large, i~tellectial mind; atnd so has Ihe, with mnore of a delicate fancy and vivid imaginlation; and yet (thintkilg of hIis own outward man with bitter deprecia tion and unvarnsished cruel distinctness, determited to make the very worst of hIiself), rwhlat eves could care to dwell on himl--wit- h Iis slight, insignificant figuaroe, his narrow, contracted chest and stooping shlolders. Ilia snmall, expression less blue eyes still furthler disliginued by odious glasses, lank, nontdescript hair, antd general pallor and feohleness. So he brielly and contemptuously entalogues hIis attributes of face aind form-ignoring the noble brow anld sweet, sensitive ssonth--with a brutal unsparing can der that causes hitn to smile grimly, thoueh he winces at the portrait. Yet, balt! what eomttemltible womanishl folly it is. Never yet Ihas he been guilty of such absurd weakness; just like some poor, plain girl weighling hIer cihances of partners before a ball; at least a girl afflicted withl that most dis tressing of all feminine ills-total un attractiveness-tlhe want of that name less, imaZie gift, tlhat is so munch more potent anid enduring than mere beauty. B aity imay be coldly and carelessly regalded; may in some cases even aliunst repel, and certainly fades atnd vanishes; butt a woman endowed withl that wondrous gift of attraction, or fas cination-that really arises front some combined, intangible charm of manner and facial expression-always pleases tie other sex, he it understood.. The eyes that smile nod speak even more thtan tile lips, the look of quick, sweet, bright intelligence and response, the varying light and shade of a face that possesses an expressive mouthl and eyes, is the real meaning of that word "attractive" as applied to women. And this is a charnl which flies not withl the fleeting short-lived youth, but is even more magnetic and alluring in maturer years. (To te eeittiltedsL) 