RACING NOTES. BY "RATTLER." The secretary of the Eidsvold Jockey Club, Mr. Thomas Williamson, announces the con- ditions of the Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run in connection with the club's annual meeting. The event will be for a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each from starters added to 20 sovs. from sub aoribing sires and 20 sovs. from the olub, oolts to carry Bst. 101b., and fillies and geldings Bst. 51b. The sires First Lord, Woodßtook, Zulu, Othello, and Victory have already subscribed, and further nominations will be received op to the Ist May next. At a meeting of the North Queensland Racing Association held recently it was deoided, on the motion of Mr. R. Russell, that the co operation of tho Q.T.C. and the Central Queensland Association be asked to apply to the Colonial Seoretary and mombers of Parlia ment to Btop all consultations on racing events. In moving the resolution Mr. Russell said he did so on the ground that he believed they were injuring raoing, and not beoauso he had any personal feeling against the promoters or their manner of carrying out their sweeps. Neither did he protest on moral grounds. The totalisator was now taxed by Government, and there was no doubt that to a certain extent raoing had suffered through this. He had a perfeotly free hand in the matter, and had told his committee (T.J.C.) ho should bring the matter up. Ho quoted also a paragraph from the Brisbane correspondent of the Australasian, who considered that raoing was also suffering in the Southern portion of the colony from tho same oause. The statement of accounts presented with the annual report of the executive of the North Queensland Racing Association showed that 1693 commenced with a credit balance of £01 7s. Bd., and that the income was £140 15s. (3d., the principal item of revenue beiifg club sub subscriptions £134 155. The expenses for the year amounted to £144 7s. 3d., the chief dis bursements being secretary £50, travelling expenses .members exeoutivo £40, calendar £25, printing, stationery expenses, d*c. £17 83. There is now a credit balance of £9C 15s. lid. In the report it was stated that communications had been sent to all the registered clubs re the appointment of a paid handicapper for North Queensland, and that replios had been received from nine clubs, which were unani mously against such an appointment being made. The horses Parnell and Dan O'Connell will in futuro be raced by J. Russell, to whom they have been transferred by Mr. J. Nesbit, who has retired altogether from the list of horseowners. As I anticipated last week the ranks of horses in training at the Eagle Farm course have been thinned by several departures for the South. On Saturday last the Aramao took with her to Sydney the well-known performers Triton and Babel, who made the passage in charge of their trainer, P. Grant, and these were accom panied by Sir Oliver, with whom J. Morrison intends once more to try his luck on the raoing tracks in the sister colony. The jockey, F. Bailey, also left for Sydney by the Aramac. Lucky Boy and First Demon probably left on Thursday last, and in addition to Splondide's anticipated departure I hear that D. Trihey has decided to take his speedy pair Autocrat and Content away across the border. C. Jones, who has been training privately for Mr. T. Gallagher at Hendra, left last week for the Western districts, taking with him the New bold gelding Vizier, who will be turned out for a long spell, and the Darriwell colt Darell, with whom he will no doubt endeavour to win a race or two in the back blooks. It is further rumoured that another of the stables which ha3 assisted to keep the sport alive at the Farm will shortly be closed, and the horses taken off to Sydney. "An Old Member" of the Queensland Turf Club, who has written upon the present critioal condition of the fortunes of horse raoingin this part of the colony, appeals to have fallen into the mistaken idea that in my notes last week I advooated that the only raoe meetings at Eagle Farm during tho year should be those held on public holidays. I merely pointed out that in the face of the facts and figures, whioh proved conclusively that the profits accruing from the proceedings oonduoted on the holidays through out the past twelve months were swallowed up by the losses sustained on the off days, it Mas essential in the interests of the club and of the sport generally that the off-day programmes should be dis continued in connection with the regular fixtures. The suggestion that monthly meet ings with comparatively small prizes should be held on Saturday afternoons with the object of enabling the club to pay its way, and at the same time give horseowners a chance of paying theirs, may be a good one, but the contention that to do away with the meetings which have been undeniably proved to have prevented the club from improving its position would simply kill racing altogether must certainly emanate from a very narrow-minded conception- of all the ciroumstances. That our racing interests have reaohed a most critical Btage is very apparent. The Brisbane Tat tor sail's Club, which only a few years since was in a flourishing condition, is now practically dead, while the Queensland Turf Club is involved in suoh serious financial difficulties that to go on as it ha3 been doing is simply im possible. Many of the horseowners who in more prosperous times gave whole-hearted support to racing have dropped out of the scene altogether, and those who have had the courage to keep on have come to the conclusion that the immediate outlook does not offer any inducement for them to remain here. There has already been a general, not a partial, exodus of all our best horses to the adjoining colony, for those remaining—and they are but few— are merely the surplus rank and file. This then is the situation we are obliged to face; and how matters are to be improved is a question which every one is at a loss to find a satisfactory answer to. Nothing is to be gained by harping upon the "lamentable mismanagement" of the affairs of the Q.T.C. and agitating for a radioal change or a reconstruction. If the affairs of the olub have been mismanaged, those at least of the committee who care whether it sinks or swims will no doubt be grateful for any recommenda tion likely to bring about a better Btate of things in future. It is quite certain that the committee, as stated, cannot carry on without getting further into debt, and they have, it is understood, been negotiating—so far unsuccess fully—for an additional loan upon the club's property; but it were better for them to do even this than to allow the expenses and interest on borrowed money to accumulate without making Borne sort of effort ta recover their lost ground at some 'uture period. It is to bo regretted that arrangements were not made for aolding a meeting at the Farm on Anniversary Day, which will fall on the 26th instant, for had it been given out immediately after the olose of the second summer reunion that a programme [even of small value) would be provided for that lay, and also that further provision would be made in the interests of owners and trainers, a much better feeling would have prevailed. As it is, soarcely any horses have been kept' in training at headquarters, whereas they would fiave continued in work had suoh a programme been issued, and the club would no doubt have :ome out with a profit. It is said that the services of the two men at present engaged under the ranger at Eagle Farm are to be' dis pensed with) and that the course and the training tracks are to be allowed to take oare of themselves during the ensuing few months. This, it is to be hoped, is not true. At the most the club would save only a (ew paltry pounds by such a step, but the chances are that it would lose far more when the oourse required putting in order again later in the season. If the committee do intend to borrow1 more money they could not do better than spend some of i£ upon improving the tracks, which have for a long time been sadly negleoted, and are in need of a little more of the attention which has been bestowed upon a bushhouse and conservatory, the maintenance of whioh has been quite out of keeping with the plub'B financial oircumstances. The next meet ing will not be before Easter, and seeing this it would be a good opportunity to have the whole course ploughed up, harrowed, top-dressed, and sown with grass seed. This is work whioh is really necessary, but the club authorities have for so long been straining at the gnat and swallowing the oamel that I am afraid a small outlay, even though judiciously expended upon a much required improvement, will not meet with their approval. The raoing pony Eileen, who after winning a fow small prizes at the galloway association's meeting has reached a prohibitive position in the haudioapper's estimate, left for the South in charge of her owner on Tuesday last. An acceptance of forty-three for the Challenge Stakeß and thirty-two for the Anniversary Han dicap, to be run at the Sydney Turf Olub'a anniversary meeting on the 26th instant, must be considered very satisfactory, and there ia every prospeot of the reunion being a great success. Mr. Richard Morris, who has for some months past been running the Queeruland Sportsman, was a passenger by the Aramao for Melbourne on Saturday last, having severed his connection with the newspaper referred to. The added money to the Don caster Handicap and Sydney Gup, whioh will be the principal handicap events of the A.J.C. autumn meeting in March, will be 1000 sovs. and 2000 sovs. respectively. The yearling colts by Castor from Frailty and Neoklace purchased by Mr. S. Hordern at the Wellington Park salo reoently are thus desoribed by a contributor to one of the Auck land papers:—" Unlike any of Frailty's previous famous foals this youngster sired by Castor is of the nuggety stamp. He possesses a neat head, which is nicely set on to a muscular neck, a good fore end, and with a well- Bprung middle piece, surmounted by a baok as level as a billiard table, driven home by powerful quarters. He should certainly do something to keep up the fame of Wellington Park, in which his half-brothers Trenton, Cuirassier, and Zalinski have played so prominent a part. I was anxious to see how the Castor —Necklace colt had furnished daring the past five months, for on the occasion of my last visit he struck me as a youngster of muoh promise. I found that in every respeot he has gone on the right way; and he is undoubtedly entitled to a prominent place amongst the gems of the present collection. He is in oolour a bright bay, and a very game-looking head is Bet off with a neat star. He is just as good to meet as to follow, and, with a nioely turned barrel in addition to a good set of legs, he would appear to possess everything that goes to make a good racehorse. This oolt comes from a great winning family, as Looket (the dam of Necklace) is also the dam of Thunder bolt, Necklet, and Medallion, while out of three foals produced by Necklace, two, Sword belt and Miss Letty, have proved themselves winners." At the Flemington Counoil meeting last week (says " Terlinga ") a letter was reoeived from Mr. R. Collie, complaining that on the previous Sunday, while walking on the Flemington racecourse with a friend, one of ihe V.R.C. officials ordered them off the ground, telling them that he had received striot instructions to close the grounds to the public, except on race days. He urged that suoh a high-handed proceeding on the part of the club should not be tolerated, as the racecourse was the only reserve in the district. He pointed out that a previous attempt to exclude the public was made when the late Mr. Bagot was secretary, but was soon put a stop to by the then Chief Secretary, who insisted on the gates being kept open from sunrise to sunset. Councillor Durham spoke very strongly against the action of the V.R.C. in trying to exclude the public, and moved with a view of testing the question that the letter be referred to the Works Committee to take steps in the matter. Councillor Piidham seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. A seoond edition of the first volume of the "Australian Stud-book" has been published by Mr. Archie Yuille. The death is reported of the racing sire Hercules, by Yattendon from Nutout. "Robin Hood's" last letter to the Am tralasian contains some interesting statistics of the English racing season, which dosed at Manchester on the last Saturday in November. Mr. H. M'Calmont, the owner of Isinglass, heads the list of winning owners, but his total is not nearly so large as was Baron de Hirech's last year. This season the owner of La Fl&che; only won £GOOO for the hospitals, while in 1892 his winnings came to £33,000. Among the jookeys T. Loates is easily first, but his score of 222 is not equal to Fred Archer's best record of 240 wins. This was Loates's first season iu the saddle since his license was refused. The following are the horses named as likely to start for the V.B.C. St. Leger on the 3rd March next:— Bt.lb. W. R. Wilson's cli.o. Carnage, by Norden felt—Mersey (imp.) 8 10 J. Turnbull's bv.c. Light Artillery, by Tren ton—Bengal Light (imp.) 8 10 F. W. Purches's ch.o. Ptitron,' by Grand Flaneur—Olga .. .. .. .. 810 S. H. Gtollan's b. or br.c. Pounamu, by New minster—Beryl 8 10 J. B. Clark's br!c Pulvil, by Chester—Per fume 8 10 S. G. Cook's b.c. The Sailor Prince, by Robinson Crusoe—Water Lily .. .. 810 J. Redfearn us b.g. Aquarius, by Niagara- Rosary 85 Writing of the attempt made by the Auck land Raoing Club authorities to justify their notion in granting a license to the jockey, H. Cusdin, on the ground that they had noil reoeived any official notification from the V.R.O. on the subject, the Axtckland News says:— " This is scarcely a happy illustration for the committee to cite, for if they stretoh their memories they will recognise that when Mata and the jockey, R. Rae, were disqualified by the Y.R.O. they did not then require an official communication to endorse the decision, but proceeded in that direction on the strength of a mere Press telegram." "Aamodeus" adds the following remarks:— "The defence, namely, that there ia nothing in the * Victorian Raoing Calendar* to show that Cusdin is not eligible to ride under V.R.C. rules, is obviously weak, seeing that Cusdin'B name does not appear ia the list of licensed jockeys published in the 'Calendar. 1 When jookeys who have previously held licenses are refused their names are merely struok out of the register. Surely this ib suffi cient notification to all clubs concerned throughout the several colonies. Tho- Auckland body would seem to think, however, that special mention of the fact ought to be made in some conspicuous portion of the V.R.C. official sheet. All right-thinking turfites in the two colonies can hold but one opinion of the gratuitous insult offered by the Auckland Raoing Club to the leading turf organisation south of the line—namely, that it is adeltberato, ill-directed, undignified attempt to undermine the fundamental principles of reciprocity which exist, or are supposed to exist, between the several raoing institutions of the Australasian colonies." St. Simon heads the list of winning English stallion 8 for last season, his progeny having won £30.369. Isonomy is second with £26,410, and then follow in dose order Hampton, Ormonde, Melton, Galopin, and Royal Hamp ton. The London Sportsman points oat that although St. Simon is at the top of the list his progeny won nearly £20,000 less than in the previous year. The position of T. Loates at the head of the successful jockeys was assured some time since, and he thus resumes the position he occupied in 1889 and 1890. He has had the unparalleled number of 857 mounts, of which 222 were suc cessful. M. Gannon follows with IGB successes, W. Bradford is third with 110 wins, G. Barrett fourth with 107 wins, and Finlay, the only other jockey whose score runs into threo figures, is fifth with 100. According to the jockey ar rangements for 1894 Ryan's stable will oontinue to have second call on M. Cannon's services after Kingsclere, and T. Loates will give pre cedence again to Jewitt's stable and the Palace House establishment. Colonel North will have first claim on W. Pratt after Green Lodge, and first claim on F. Fratt has been secured by Lord Stanley. The Duke of Devonshire, it is said, will have first call on G. Barrett. Huztable, the lightweight jockey, has, it is said, declined an offer of £200 a year to ride for the Kinga clere stable during the racing season next year. The Australian horses Arquebus and Yarran, who have safely arrived in South Africa under the care of Mr. Wicks, were engaged in the Summer Cup in conneotion with the meeting of the Johannesburg Turf Club on the 23rd December, and latest files to hand from that part of the world show that the son of Martini- Henry—Acme, who had been allotted 7st. 71th, was first favourite for that event at 100 to 9}, taken and offered, while Yarran, with an impost of Bst. 131b., was quoted at 100 to 7. Referring to their prospeots, a local writer says:—" Mr."' Wicks should have a great ohance of annexing the big event at the Christmas meeting. As a well-known sportsman remarked last night, •If Mr. Wicks could only oat hie two horses in half, and put the hindquarters of Arquebus on to the forequarters of Yarran, the raoe would be all over.1 This is true, for Arquebus has grand hindquarters, and, barring colour, re minds us very much of Earl Godwin. Yarran, on the other hand, has a great fore hand, but though well boned and haying the better reoord of the two, he does not strike ub as capable of dimbing the hill in the Johannesburg mile so -well as his stable companion. The other Aus tralian importations were brought over a year or two back by Mr. A. W. Francis, and, if quantity went for anything, they should have done well, but they proved perfect frosts, and neither Mohawk nor Yorkshire Lass has added anything to the laurels ot their country, though Mohawk has proved speedy over a distance of four furlongs or under; after that he is out of it. The mare has done nothing, nor has she anything, barring her size, to recommend her. U Mr. Wicks's two reoent importations prove no better than the last pair brought over from the island continent, all we can say is that the reputation of Australian horses will not be high in South Africa." The weights for the leading handioap events to lie decided at the Sydney Turf Club's Anni versary Meeting on the 26th instant were de clared last week. In the Challenge Btakes, the distance of which will be six fur longß, that wonderfully good horse Jeweller, who made amends for his Caulfield and Flemington defeats by winning the A.J.C. Summer Cup, was in his proper place at the head of the list, and even under his heavy impost would have been able to hold the majority of the top weights safely enough. The ex-Queenslander Clinker must be thought a great deal of to find a position on the Bsi. Gib. mark, and there can be no doubt that he is a remarkably speedy caßtomer. Bliss and Triton are very leniently treated, and in the face of his latest performances, the little Archie oolt M. L. A. has got into the list very favourably. Taking a glance through the list, the half-dozen that strike me as being the most likely to furnish the winner are Sundial, Division, Clinker, Hero, Buccleuch, and Messmate, and if I had to rely upon a straight-out selection it should be Messmate. The mile and three furlongs of the Anniversary Handicap is a distance which will suit a large number of the horses engaged in the most important event of the meeting, and the result will require a deal of picking. Camoola (in whom I have not yet lost all faith), Mflbee, Penance, Lady Trenton, Nightingale, and Miletos, strike me as the most worthy of places in one's calculations, and with her Tatkarsall's Cup victory as a recommendation, I like nothing better than Nightingale. Owners and trainers of raoehorses will find a crumb of comfort in tho announcement by the secretary of the Logan and Albert Jockey Club ol the programme of the annual meeting, vsbich -will be held aa usual at Beaudesort on St. Patrick's Day, 17th March next. The bill ot-fare -will De of the value of 140 sov3., distii btrted between six events, and the leading item wiflle the Logan and Albart Handioap, of 40 sovb., 1J mile, nominations for which, together -with the Trial Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Beaudesori Plate, must be made with the secretary, Mr. M. S. Smith, by 8 p.m. on Wednesday, the 28th February. Weights will bs declared on the 3rd Marota, and acceptances and general entries will be due on the 10th Maroh. The Hendra trainer, J. Blacklock, had the miflforinne to lose his handsome little mare Beauty, by Onuond-Bettina, who it will be remembered, bxoke down while training at Eagle -Farm recently. All efforts to save the mars lor stud purposes were unavailing, and BheiEtadin terrible agony ou Thursday morning last, a post mortem showing that the fetlock of her near foreleg had been shattered. Henry Smith was charged before Mr. Giles, stipendiary magistrate, at the Sydney Water Police Court on the 12th instant with having stolen a racing mare belonging to George R. Wilson, of Ipswich, Queensland. Detective Goulder applied for a remand of the accused to Brisbane, but Mr. Crick, on behalf of Smith, said the accused brought the mare to Sydney -with the full knowledge and consent of Wilson. The latter, however, no sooner heard of Smiths departure from Brisbane than he had a warrant taken out for his arrest. Mr. Giles sald he -would remand the accused to Queens- land. THARGOMINDAH NEW YEAR'S RACES. (FBOM OUB OWN CORBESPONDBNT.) The New Year's race meeting held on the Bth and 9th instant was a decided suocess. The attendance was very good for an off meeting, and the racing on the whole was fair. Mr. John Leahy, M.L.A., acted as judge. The results of the different races are as follow :— Maiden Plate, of 10 Sovs.; Weight-for-age; 7 Furlongs.—Defiance, 1; Kalboro, 2 ; Granite, 3\. Good raoe between Defiance and Kalboro, the former winning by half-a-length. Handicap Jumping Race, of 10 Sovs.; 1 Mile and a lurlong.—Broker, lOst,, 1; Ghost, list., 2\. Volley, Evangeline, aud Jewboy also ran. Broker, who jumped away with tho lead, maintained his position throughout the race. Although closely pressed by the Ghost be eventually Von by half-a-length. New Year's Handicap, of 15 Sovb.; 1£ Mile. —Sting, Bst. 41b., 1; Marian, 7st. 101b,, 2; Desert Rose, 9st., 3. Only three started. Sting won as he liked all the way, never being asked to gallop. Welter Race, of 5 Sovs.; 12st. up; 5 Far longs.—Guardian, 1; Lauristina, 2; Forester, 3\. Scipio and Kitty O'Shea also ran. Guardian was left at the post lengths behind ihe other boraes, but quiokly made up lost ground. Coming round the turn she secured the inside running, and won by half-a-lengtb. Flying Handicap, of 7 Sovs.; J Mile.— Jaokson, 9st. 51b., 1; Ealboro, 83t. 21b., 2; Marian, 7st. 121b., 3. Desert Rose also started. Jackson won very easily by two lengths. Hack Race of 5 Sovs.; 4 Furlongs.—Canon, 9st. 61b., 1; Blackbird, 9st. 91b., 2; Rosebud, lOat. 71b., 3. Kitty O'Shea, Hero, and Kildare also ran. Canon won by a length. Second Day. Off-day Handicap, of £16; 1 Mile.—Sting, lOst., 1; Desert Rose, 9st. 21b., 2; Marian, Bst. 81b., 3. Sting jumped away with the lead, which he maintained to the finish, winning with ridiculous ease. High Jumping. Contest, of £s.— Forrester, 1; Odd Sock, 2. Only two competed. For rester cleared about Bft., which Odd Sock knocked down, although he made three good attempts. Flying Handicap, of £10; 5 Furlongs.— Sting, 9st. 121b., 1; Desert Rose, Bst. 71b., 2 ; Defiance, 9st. 101b., 3. Kalboro and Evangeline also started. Good raco to the home turn, where Sting, who had rapidly made up lost ground, came away and won in a canter. Hack Race, of £7; 4 Furlongs.—Rosebud, lOst., 1; Canon, lOst. 51b., 2; Lauristina, lOst. 31b., 3. Blackbird and Hero also started. This was one of the bost races of tho meeting. Blaokbird jumped away with a long lead, which he maintained to the straight, where Rosebud made one of the most wonderful runs over witnessed on the course, soon overhauling Blaokbird, and coming on full of running won a splendid race by half-a-length from Canon, who came very fast at the finish, but was unable to overtake the leader. Lauristina was a good third. Races were also hold at Toompine, Nooundra, and Huhgeiford on Boxing Day. 