? ? — — ? SMOKE HO I The strangest thing about a ' crank is that he can't be turned. Amended proverb : 'Take care oi the nence 'and the pounds will— enrich the directors. ' King Billy, of Wur tern burg, runs two pubs., one right opposite his palace. Queen Victoria runs a dairy and sells milk. Everywhere the law and the State is a'ainst the producer and the real rights of pro perty, and for the usurer and the extortioner. Seven hundred and fifteen thousand two hundred and nineteen pounds were expended on Public Instruction in New South Wales last yGMr Jacob Garrard, M.P., and Chair man of the Public Works Committee, draws a salary of £18per week from the Treasury of tins suffering colony. One of the reasons why reform lags. Tooth and Co., Ltd., brewers, Sydney, made a net profit of £37,603 during the last half-year. Who swallowed that beer? The unemployed will note with ex pressions of regret that 'the Stock Exchange, which a month ago was comparatively buoyant, has lost its temporary animation.' _ ' It is hardly necessary to mention that it was a Member of Parliament who said: ' You may depend upon it, the pale face of the British soldier is the back -bone of the Indian Annv.' -.it ,i Gf. Gregory attempted to address the electors from Birney's balcony, Narrabri, as an independent candidate, but was not allowed to speak, and eventually he crawfished through a back passage. — Ojieoa. 'The greater part of all the earth (oi that part of it called New South Wales) hath He -nven to the cluMren of 612 men and 60 000,000 sheep, leaving the rest to do the best they can outside the ienco.'—Fraser HilVs 'Land ami Wealth.' It is remarkable to hear certain reac tionaries describe themselves as reformers when they are striving to enlarge the powers of Go vernment. The crying need of the day is not more Governmental interference with personal rights, but less. _ . __ ., The depression in Melbourne is rapiaiy intensifying-. Hundreds of poople are mixing pollard and water for food. High wages!— the people don't know the meaning of the term. Work is scarce, and the various charity organi zations are having their resources taxed to the uttermost. . That self-sacrificing patriot, O'bullivan, boasts that as the price of his slavish following of the ' stable ' Government from the moment they took office right up to the foot of the gallows-tiee a fortnight ago, he had squeezed £23,000 out of the Treasury as special grants to Queanbeyan district. 'To successfully represent Labor, a man— an intelligent man we mean, and not a mere bar-room hog— must say farewell to his self-respect.'— Plain Talk. To ' successf ully^ represent ' monopoly, a man must stifle his in telligence and his conscience. But as he generally has neither, there would be no loss of self-respect. It is one of the characteristics oi tro vernments that they are always on the side of injustice and privilege. Nowhere do you hnd them arrayed on the side of Right and Justice. This is because of the debasing influence of privilege and the moral corruption which at taches to all political systems based on the go vernment of man by man. Ahoutthe onlv 'plank' a certain al leged Democratic paper in N.S.W. hasn't shiited off its platform is the abolition of capital punish-' ment To give our contemporary credit, it hangs to that idea like a leech. Its advocacy of the abolition of the hangman has had a good educa tional effect, but if the reform doesn't soon hurry up human life will be hardly worth bothering about. Folks are beginning even now to hunt around for methods of dying comfortably. Here is the copy of a curious bill found among the ruins of Wentworth Abbey: 'Nov. 1st 1605:— Kev. J- Macguire to J. Jones, joiner, for repairs to Roman Catholic Chapel.— For solidly repairing St. Joseph, 4d ; cleaning and ornamenting the Holy Ghost, 6d ; for repairing V M., and making a new child, 5s Gd ; for mak ing a new nose to the devil, one new horn on his head, and glueing a piece to his tail, 6s 6d ; total, 12a 10d.— Settled, J. Jones.'— Epsom MeraU. , . The Hungarian authorities have re cently published a statement showing the travel on the State railroad in 1892, from which it ap pears that it was 218 percent, greater thanm 1SSS which was the year before the introduction of the zone tariff, the mileage of tho^; system being increased 11 per cent, meanwhile. Lkv passenger earnings have increased 40 per cent. This system in conjunction with a tax^ ok laud values would do an immense amount of good in New South Wales. Mr H. Labouchere, M.P., writes m London Truth : — * . ' When a man is made a knight he lian to pay certain fees Below I give a list of them. Connf. Cavoui; once proposedun the Piedinontese Parliament that ine tide wt count shoXia be granted to anyone who wilJ_W W,f francs for -. I would .suggest that the title of kniflit be granted toY.nyono ready to pay a like sum ior u. xm; present payments are-Home Oftiw f-«,_£7 13-* «Jj C!town Office fee, Cfi 10s; pateul stamp, £C'J; -.vftrrant stain]), 10s ; docquet 'stamp, 'is ; total, #-7 15s ad.' No wonder T)ibbs. wanted +he £10?0 .' \ 