INTE^XXLES " Shorb, Sharp, and Shiny." Tiie Way of tiie Transgressor. She—"Did papa ask you about your| income?" I-Ie—"Yes." She—"And you told bim that little fib] about the large salary ?" He—"Yes." She—"I'm So glad." Ke—"Well, I'm not. He borrowed five| pounds." Dull. Cloudy. Cricket. Cyclorama. Anarchism. Pantomime. i A long walk. j Symonds fund. Jubilee Singers. "Continentals." Rotunda concert. I Napoleon's ghost. ' " Forty Thieves." A clerical scandal. Forgery in Sydney. A singular tragedy. A supposed suicide, "The Colleen Bawn." A disastrous bush fire. A dynamite explosion. A nasty trap accident. Fire at Port Adelaide. ' Phylloxera m Bendigo. Anarchism in Bohemia. Sudden death at Exeter. A hungry boa constrictor. A non-gambling Celestial Collision at Port Melbourne. 4 Napa Icon's ghost still walks. Found drowned in the Yarra. Sedition and unrest at Samoa. A minister accused of forgery. Hot weather in New South Wales. The Stockton miners are on strike. Alleged coal discovery at St. Kilda. Another victory for South Australia. A disgraceful State school at Petersburg. A oaution to non-paying lodgers in Victoria. More subscriptions wanted to the Symonds fund. There are 169 public vaccinators within the j colony. " - Political affairs at Hawaii are greatly dis |turbed. The Geelong shooting affray has ended | fatally. A Chinese squabble in the Police Court | yesterday. j A call of £1 a share has been made in the j Federal Bank. The ghost of Napoleon appears nightly at i the Oyclorama. | An attractive programme for to-morrow's j "Continental." • I Baron Solvyns, the Belgian Minister to London, is dead. I . Bush fires in West Australia have done con siderable damage. The Jubilee Singers will appear at Port Adelaide to-night. Ten additional justices of the peace are gazetted this week. Another body washed ashore from the wreck of the Alert. The stranded steamer Miowera has been | floated at Honolulu. The boa constrictor at the Zoo swallowed a j rug measuring 7 ft. by 6 ft. Four and a half million persons visited the j Chicago Fair in September. King Humbert of Italy doesn't mean to be left penniless in case of war. The gold returns for Queensland show a de ] crease of 15,231 oz. for fcfte year. Out of the 2S candidates who sat for the art | examination 21 were successful. Even the Melbourne papers .cannot help admiring George Giffen's batting. Camping out on the Murray is beooming a j popular way of spending holidays. The South Australian cricketers leave Mel bourne for Sydney this afternoon. Victorian prophecy anent the intercolonial I match was auythiug but a dead bird. The New South Wales v. South Australia j match will start to-morrow aiternoon.' Miss Ida Osborne will make her final ap pearance as to-morrow's "Continental." The Governor Musgrave off on a visit of inspection to the lishthouses and jetties. Mr. Duncan Gillies, the newly-appointed | Agent-General of Victoria, is to bo banqueted. The Victorian Lord's Day Observance j Society protesting against Sunday railway i traffic. Dion Boucioault's evergreen Irish drama 'The Colleen Bawn" at the Bijou Theatre | to-night. A non-paying lodger in Victoria was j assaulted by his landlord and died in the | hospital. The Ville de la Ciotat hag been having a trial of strength with the railway pier at Port | Melbourne. !Ge Ye, a Celestial gentleman, said in court yesterday that he had never seen a Chinaman gamble. Oh, my! . The Geelong shooting affray is another oase of a member of the Militia using his rifle to | commit an act of violence. The total number of men -in the London J police force is 13,314. The pay of the men per year amounts to £1,264,022. , King Humbert of Italy has sent his private j fortune, amounting to £2,000,000, to Baron j Rothschild's bank in London. A jealous Russian officer served up a dynamite bomb at the dinner table and effectually settled the question. Two miners walked from Northern Queens land to Ooolgardie, the journey occupying 13 months. They deserve to strike it rich. Owing to high duties tbo_ consumption of tobacco per head of the United Kingdom is nearly the lowest of all countries in Europe. A widow in Paris fell in love with a neigh ■ bor. Her affection was not reciprocated, so ! she went outside the house where the inexorable man lived and poisoned herself with vitriol. Several lave lotters were in her pocket and her will, which .she bad thrown into his garden, with a case of notes and bonds, made bird her | sole heir. A Lonisville obemisb invented some time ago an ink-eraser which removed all traces of ink from paper, and thought his fortune was surely made. Then he realised the wide field that he was opening for fraud and de stroyed the formula, and says that the secret of the compound. shall Bureiy die with him. The right thing to do. Under the title of the British Empire Defence Association an organisation has been started with the Duke of. Devonshire, Lord Ashbourne, and others as members of the supreme council, for the purpose of inducing 1 shipbuilders, ooiliery-owners, and ruamifao turera' to put aside certain portions of profit for division amongst the workpeople every three months. Ob, what funny little habits Has the boa at the Zoo, Not content with eating rabbits _ He-must swallow blankets too; 'Twas to keep those bunnies quiet For he felt a little ache, That he took the extra diet For bis little stomach's sake. 