.. N OUTCAST, PT JOUEPH HOOIaC .. her.e"I Tke Itory of Andrew PTlrfax," "Jabas aterbrook," Zillah," ae, [AIL R?e?sn BsavanD.] PuMiskh. by special arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Lock and Bowden, Limited. BOOK IV. CHAPTER I. HOW IT BEOGAN. " There'are two angels thatattend unseen Each one of us, and in the great book record Our good and evil deeds. He who writes down The good ones, after every action closes His volume, and ascends with it to God. The other keeps his dreadful day-book open Ti unset, that.we may repent.; which doing, The record of the action fades away, And leaves a line of white across the page. Now if any act be good, as I believe it, It cannot be recalled. It is already Bealed up in Heaven, as a good. deed accomplished. The rest is yours. -LONPrfnTO.T The time was the evening following the night of the dark deed on the cliffe. The place was the library of Penwithen. Throughout the morning Reuben had sat there brooding. Sometimes he felt safe from ali danger, at other times he trembled at every sound. When lunch was over he could stay indoors no longer, so he had ordered his horse to be saddled, and had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on busines s, but really to hear what people were talking about. To his surprise, nothing was said of Fraser. No one knew of his death. M~Cn had been working along the coast all the morning, but no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea had not given up its dead. Well, so much the better for him. Perhaps the body might float for days, and then be washed on the beach at Padstow, or New Quay, or Bade. It might be that no one would connect it with Jobn Fraser. That worthy had told his tap-room com panions again and again that he should go to America, where there wes room for a man of his talents; and so suspicions would be diverted into other channels. Well, he should say nothing. A great longing canie to him to go to the scene of the struggle, but he said he would not be weak enough for that. He had heard of many murderers being discovered in that way, but he would not be so foolish. And so he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, and appeared gay and happy all the time, but directly the sreal concluded he locked himself in the library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, the lamp on the table sent out a cheerful light, and Reuben enjoyed his comfortable surroundings. He had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary to his usual custom, he had drunk several glasses of wine, and thus for the lime, was flushed with a false courage. In an hour or two its influence would leave him, but at present its power was grateful. He had sat about an hour when a knock came to the door, and, on his opening it, a servant gave him a note. I'Any answer, Susan P" he said absently. " No, .sir; the boy that brought it is gone." "Do you know the boy P" "Yes, sir; it was Jane Hendy's boy sheae was servant 'ere years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful and satisfied. He looked the door again, however, and, sitting down in his arm chair, opened the envelope. After that he looked at the address. It was evidently written by a woman who had had little practice in the art of writing. Thus it ran, "to mr. Ruben penwithn up to Penwithn." "Who can this be from F" he mused, and then taking out the letter, read as follows: "respected sur. i ope yu will scuse me for ritin. yew was a good maanter to me up to your ouse, an i thot yu wud like to no wot was goin on, so i am riuin this. bout ten o'clock this mornin that black aired chap called Ishmul who do live up to Coo~mbshed, comed in 'ere sea he ard to work Missus Hendy. iss says i, tie a lot ardoer bein marrid than bein in sarvice like i woe up to penwithn, i was Jane Bickett then, an ad a good time cos maaster pen withn wos sech a good maaster, says i. he's.a villin sea ee, no sh thing sea i, ee was a good maaster to me of ever there was one, look ere ses ee, ees no rite to be there, an somebody els will be there s-cu, git away see i, for i never did like that chap, ee allays made me feel oal creepy like, well ree ee you now mrs hendy.that ee do ave curyus ways, and eeve got a sacret, i've found it out, ive got the thing heve bin hidin for years, an you will: soon see a new measter to penwithn, ties in my pocket see ee slappin his jacket, and ee affed oal curyua like sea ee i aint a bin lookin ool thaise years fur nothin, weot do ee main says i, you will soon naw ses ee, then ee shawed his teeth again an looked strange round the eyes and weptof. theni ses to myself mr penwithn shod u at this utieat e ...± fur at present ,u , y etboy without tellin any $body your obedient sarveat jane Hendy. rr so r. Rnhan Ponaithn "'up to penwithn. d ps ilease cur ee said something bout your soon bein in Bodmun jail." When Reuben anished reading this s epistle he was trembling like an aspen leaf ; when he had read it the second time a cold t sweat stood on his forehead. Was the man a demon? How could he have found it? I gDid the letter refer to the will at all? Tie I remembered Jane Hendy as a gossiping girl who hEd been servant at Penwithen, biut who was, nevertheless, honest and truthful. Could it be that it had come to light ater all these years? SWhat was the use of last nlght's terrible deed io While he was struggling with deed. o he believed was the essential Fraser, 1. emesis must by some means link, this the s.ecret hiding-place have discover,. 'e bad old hise soul to and iound what n obtain. " tard master "' " Oh, devil, thou art -;d have I kept he cried. " Twenty-five ye. 'viJ ooaoe to this thing a secret, and now it . i. 4 yon light. 1 shall be hissed at, stone. -.7 - out of the neighbourhood. Oh, fathe., . you rear me for this ? Margery Goudh did you tempt me for this ? Come back, you old hag; come from your grave and tell me what I am to do !" He read the letter a third time. Yes, it was plain enough. He had hid it all these years; last night he had taken the life of his fellow-man to preserve his secret, and all for this. Even ihs children would loathe him. Stop, though He must think, think. Supposing the will were 'found, suppose Isehmael did his worst. What would be the consequence ? The game might not be lost. Who could say the will was genuine ? Could he not urge that it had been forged ? Who was Ishmael A nameless man, com paratively, with unknown antecedents. Who would gain by the will ? Ishmael and his mother. Well, the mother had been looked upon as mad, while lshmael was greatly avoided as a mysterious character. He would blaim that the will was a forgery; and then if the case was decided against them they wo4ld be transported, At least, Ishmael would. Ah, the case was not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine ? No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before ; as for John Fraser, he would never be heard of again. Who would accept Ish mael's statement? No one. He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in the county would be believed a thousand times before this man. r-a he would fight to the end. Ike lead the letter again, and his mind turned into a different cLannel. Might not this be a hoax ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ish mael had spoken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him ? Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her ? No; that would give credence to Ishmael'E statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place was unknown, and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then-no, no, it could not be ! Again be persed the letter, and the more he felt confirmed in his oli ion. He looked at his watch. It was nine o'clock. He went to the window and looked out. It was a wild night. The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. The pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see the trees which sur rounded the house, but between the gusts of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which were fast be coming bare. The winter was coming on et rly. He went bock to his chair and sat down again. He must know the truth of this, he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he should be certain, so that he might make his plans accordingly. lie had made up his mind to keep inloors during.the evenings; last night's work had instrung his nerves andmade him weak. The memory of it was terrible. Still, the work was done, and he would no longer be harassed in that direction.. Oh, if Ishmael floated by his side I " " Yes, I'll go and see," he said, at length; "it'll be a terrible journey, but I'll go." IHe looked at his watch again and eon sidered. "The tide will be at its height at half past eleven," he mused; "by half-past twelve I can get a'oog at the foot of the cliffs. If I start from here at about a quarter to twelve I shall be able to manage easily. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks' stories ? I wonder whether the ghosts of murdered people do appear a' night time? It'll be a: terrible journey; but- yes, I'll go; I shall never rest till I'm certain." Hegot up and looked in the glass. " I look an od man," he said, as he gazed on the reflection of his haggard face. "Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be white. Yes another hour, and it'll be'twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would come to this I " lie sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery. "I'd better give it up," he cried, "I'd better go to Ishmael and make terms with him. He'll surely be willing to, make arrangements. I can give him .Gace's dowry. What if it dcts destroy the marriage arrangements~ Grace would be glad. I can see that she hates the thought of marrying Retallick, even although she's sacrificing herself for my sake. I wonder if he would, now 1 No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him; I'll fight it to the end ; lose or win, I'll do it I " At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of thick boots and a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portaolu lamp, and olaced it in his overcoat pocket. Then he took some matches, and after striking two or three, to see that they ignited ea.ily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was any thing more. He noiselessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. E?i remembered being there eith Judith long years before. Ah, how she loved him I Y ,s, that night was the first step in the great sin which hael ended twenty-five years afierwards in murder. No, not that justifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was silent, no sound broke the stillness of the night. He thought he heard one of the servants breathing heavily, but that was all. Every one was asleep but himself, and he felt as though-he should never sleep again. Like Macbeth, he had-murdered it. He turned the lamp low, and crept through the passage into the kitchen, and then went outinto the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped forward with a low growl, but eseing who it was whined affec. tionately and wagged its tail,as if expecting to accompany him. "I dare not take him," he muttered, " although he would be company. Lie down here in the kitchen, old man,-and be quiet." The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried across tie yard into the lane. He stood still and listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through the trees. He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, no sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at the cliffs, and saw far beneath him the restless, tur. bulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky as at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds were swept more rapidly aoross the wild sky, the night did not appear quite so sullen. ie looked all around him, anxiously, fear. fully, and thenibreathed a sigh of relief. No one was near. The spot war open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one to hide. It was terribly lonely, The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling .with the roar of the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic was in a furious mood. He walked on until he came to bs, precipitous footoath leading to the beach. For one who did not know every yard of the cliffs descent would be perilous, but Reuben did not hesitate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard era sand. Yes, the tide was receding, and even no0a he saw a stretch of sand a few feet wide, le went southward. Fancy the scene. On the one hand, towering ruaged cliffsd above: a wild sky; on the other, a storm-toe'ed angry sea hurling itself on the rock-bound coast. The time, midnight. All sound drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds. "Everybody will be in bed," muttered Reuben; " no one bat a mon with hall in his heart would come to such a spot os this on such a night as this. My God I I wish I were back at Carleggas with an empty pocket and e light heart. On be trudged, now stumbling over the rocks, now splashing through some stream of water which ran towards the receding sea, but still making his way southward " I was a fool not to destroy it," he went on at length; "if I had, there would be no need of this. I should have done it, too, if I hadn't bese a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it is still there, I shall destroy it the moaent I get back to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do it, tbpugh the ghost of old Michael appears "fors .ae and tells me to stop, I can b. '-s.° those old men's stories now. I undo.. :"by they bargained with the devil. can see . '11 oil the soul I've got to live in I'd gladly e;, of my life and be safe. comfort all the. -Loness in the thought; There'd be jy and b e, all the old super but theeose days are g.. stitions are destroyed," . sig with it A great wave swept up, car, -'dd, left a log of wood, and as tho.water reo. '^hlt it it lying before him, In the etorm.l, did not look unlike the body of a man, J started back with a cry of terror, " My God I " be cried, "'tis he I can go no further, I am afraid, I dare not go past that thing." Somethins flapped close to his ear, and a ghastly scietch froze the blood in his veins. It was only a s:a bird which he had dis turbed, and which, as soon as it could, flew back to its shelter again; but to Resbea it was the cry of a lost soul, it was a wandering spirit which could Ef 1-no rest, " It was like hie cry last night wbsh he felll " he gasped. -" Oh, all the Penwithen lands, all the money it has brought me, good name, and all the rest will not pay for this. I'll go straight back and let him do h s worst.' He turned around, and began to retrace his steps, but had only gone a few stel? before he changed his mind . " What of Grace and Bert ?" he thought. "I'll save them if I can,. I promilsedtqaj mother that I'd never nthl-'-" must save th.- -- ror, eaTr Amelia I he gave her life for Grace I Oh, my darling I Can't you help me now 1 No, no, If the:o 's a heaven, she's there ; and the help I want can't come from heaven." Once mere he turned his face towards the south, and aith trembling limbs came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. "It's only a bit if sea dr.ft I" he cried. "Oh, what a coward I am-a great, hulking coward I " On he rushed, unmindful of winds and waves, The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difliculty in walking. Presently a heap of rocks protruded them. selves on to the beach, and then he stopped. "I shall soon know," ha cried. "Ah, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I'1 burn it, in spite of all the dead men's curses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't I do it eare ago i " He crept behind the great heap of rock·, and found a fi:sure wide enough throusn which to equceze his body; then lie crawled along a few feet, until he was out of the wind. Outside the wind wailed and the sea surged, but here was shelter and rest, raking his lamp from his pocket, he care fully lit it, and looked anxiously around nim, after which he went tarther into the cave. Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had not been Listuibed since the last flood tide, and no mark of a footstep was to be seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as Is was when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent, The sea sounded far away ; he was alone-all, all alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. No; all was silent as d-a'h. He made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that ? He thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again. No, he was mistaken ; he was simply atraid. lie went to the dark corner, and after looking ashile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Gold sweat trickled uown his face,'and his limbs trembled. "HIe must have found itl" he gasped, "and . am lost I " Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this time as far as he could reach. klis fingers touched something smooth and cold. He clutched it tightly and drew it out. " Safe I safe I " he cried; " I'm a man again. Let me burn this when 1 get home, and then what have I to fear ? " Unbuttoning his coat, he put it into his breast-pocket, then he carefully buttoneo. his coat again, and again he realised the haunting fear which he had felt long years before when old Mlargery met him aloog the coast and asked him for the will. " Is seems to carry a curse with it," he muttered, " but it will be only for an hour." Once more he held up the lamp, but in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it up he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and he hought he saw something shining, and quickly held the light towards it, but nothing euiU&YIIU; au sUe uý LuIu 9, ...--6 was to be acen. -' Another delusion," he moaned, "another delusion-ah, but I wish John Fraser was a dtelus.on. Living or deaJ, he is a curse to me. tiill, the w.ll is sale, and the name of PedwiLhen will not be disgraced." lie g.opei out of the cave again, and in a few eccoalds later he stood under the open bky. Madly he rushed along the beYcn, looking neither to the right nor left, and so he did not notice that he was followed, Yet it was so. A man bending almost to a double kept near him all the way, even as he hat dona ever since he had left Penwilhen. Wihen Reuben Penwithen had stood on the c:sff, and breathed a sigh of relief becausu he was un noticed, this ceasure had been lying flat on the ground; but his eyes were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. Whtn Reuben had turned and fled from the log that the waves htd rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man bad entered the cave, and searched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimes too; but he feared not. No ghostly visitants troubled him; all his thoughts were about the man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Reuben hurried towards Penwithen, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the beach, his watcher seemed to be un decided whether to make himself known, but he let him climb the cliff first, then, rushing up as tasily as a chamois rushes up a mountain path, he saw that he must do his work quickly. Once on the headland again Renben's heart beat lighter. Even the last night's deed did not trecabie him so much now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his home. Presently, how ever, his quick ear detected a sound, and he was about to turn around when he felt a stealthy hand fasten itself upon his arm like the grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him : "I want to speak to you, Reuben Pen. withen," CHAPTER II, DESPAIt I " The sorrows of death compassed me and the pains of hell gat hold upon me." -PBALMS. "And it was all play, and no one could sll what it had lived and worked for. A ,riving and a striving, and an ending in Reuben started -OLIVE SCHBEINEn, thought he was alone, fher,: He had in spite of his watchings, that any V?jpmEd, himself could be out at su:h an hoar, on such a night, and so he gasped, "Who are you Y What do you want l" " ?everal things," was the quiet reply By this time he had got over his surprise a httle, and he looked up into the face of the man who spoke so strangely. " Ishmael Pengelly l" " Yes. You didn't think I was so interested in your movements, eh? Well, I am, you se." "What do you want " " You kiouw very well. I want what you stole, what I have been seeking for years," Did he know what had been done, and where he had been i Reu Len did not know; but he determined to straggle to the end, "I've only a few pounds with me, Ish mael Pengully. If you'd rsked me in a proper way I would have let you have them readily. But it seems you prefer becoming a midnight -robber. Well, I expected it of You." ' Fortunately, I do not want your money. I only claim my rights, mine and mother's. You possess what dues not belong to you, and I claim it." "What do you mean 7" "You know what I mean, M.ichael Penrose's will," "~tll mad on that? There never was a will." .'Very well, then I'll be content with what you have in your breast pocket." , Breast pocket I My--you-yon saw I" "raw ? certainly I did, I kept my eyes open for that." Then Penwithen lost his presence of mind for a minute, n Bct how-how did you know 2" he cried. '.w 2" replied lahmael ; " I told you 1 "Ku. ý thought you were alone .to. know. Yu.. "on weren't; I followed. I night. uVell , " ve, I saw you take the saw you enter the . -lae, You have it will from its hiding now-give it to me." " Then ou s-n that--- see, my "b ae, I sent l Ihd lotter. Y"oAu, . 1 1 made sure that the letter would fetch you, anrd it has." " You scheming demon I" cried Reuben, maddeaed by the cool mockery of his tormentor. ' Yes, we've both schemed. I to gain my rights, you to keep what was never yours. Bat I schemed best. Youcsasteyou o. a coward tg.bah -?-O?rutty, mine of steel. fiereTh' the difference." Ishmael held him in the same steady grip, never missing a single movement of his body. ". t wasn't a will I took," said Reuben. " It was something which does not affect you in the slightest ds gree. But I'll get you what you want. Come to me in the morning and you shall have it." "It wouldn't be convenient for me to come in the morning," said Ishmael mock ingly; "you see, I'm so much interested in those Lelant mines. Ever since you were so anxious, through Squire Retallick, to put five hundred pounds m them for me, those mines have had a wonderful fascin ation," and he Asughed a low, bitter laugh. Reuben writhed as he heard this taunt. The young man had seen through his every movement. " Besides," Ishmael went on," I've a very strong desire to see what you took from the cave. It must have a curious history, and as you say it does not affect me, there can be no possible objection." Reuben hesitated a minute, then he said huskily " Very well, you shall see it." Ishmael loosened his grip somewhat then, and Reuben who had anticipated this, made a sudden struggle, and slipped from his grasp. He madewa wild leap forward, and lied for life. A minute later he was hurled to the ground with terrible force. "Very well,' said Ishmael; "since one way will not succeed another must be tried." With no gentle hand he tore the coat open, and took the packet away from the prostrate man at his feet. lie put it in his own pecket, and buttoned his coat carefully over it, while Rleuben, who had been stunned by the fall, rose slowly to his feet. Biy this time Ishmael was becoming ex cited. His eyes gleamed red, and his hands quivered with passion. Every nerve was highly stlung. At last he was vic toricus. Long years he had been waiting for this time, waiting, watching, and scheming. Now that he had found toe will the lands were his, and to him that meant home, happiness, heaven I He felt that he possessed a great treasure, and the man or men who took it from him would have a terrible work before them. He no longer felt that he could mock Reuben; he wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, bitter words. Still he retained command over himself, and still watched the man he had so far conquered. But the battle was not ended yet. i" Give that back," cried Reuben. "It is not yours; it is mine." " Prove it yours at a court of law, then." " Yes, will ; and if there is a law in the land you shall suffer for this, you thieving, murdering-" " Words are cheap, names tre cheap," said lshmael. "I teel like calling you names. You who have ruined my mother'b life and blighted mine. You who for five and-twenty years have'grown fat on what has never belonged to you, you who have tried to ruin my prospects, my life, you who have embittered my heart, and made the earth black. But never mind, the day of reckoning has come, and now we shah sea who will win. Perhaps when you lie it a felon's cell, and your children are cursed by your evil deeds, you will know that you made a bad bargain when you sold your soul to the devil in order to rob a defenceless girl of her rights. But you'll muter. Xou hive suffered far five and-twenty years and you will suffer to the end." " And do you think you will not suffer too?" cried iteuben. " Do you think you will have all things in your way. If I sold mysoulto the devil,haven'tyou ? Haven't you given yourself over to hate, and cruelty for revenge ? Which is the worse, you of 1 ? 1 suffered for twenty-five years, you say; yes, and you will suffer as long as you live. If I've sorn lies, you've sown hate, and God will make you reap hell, as he has made me reap it." Reuben Penwithen seemed to forget himself as he said this. For a minute his eyes were opened to truth, and he saw things in a new light. Even Ishmael's heart quailed as he heard the words, which he somehow felt were true. But only for a moment. " 1 know nothing of your theology," he said; " it is not in my line. I'll get my rights, and risk all the rest. I'll get thos, I love in the old house, and rejoice that you reap what you've sown in a felon's cell,' and after that on a--" ," You never will;" cried Reuben, a new light flashing in his eyes for a moment. "The thing you've taken from me is forged, it is as worthless as the paper on which it is.written. Michael Penrose never made a will." ,Ishmael laughed. "1'll chance that, Reuben Penwithen; and if I were you I would think a little before I made silly statements. You should have watched old Margery Goudgi more closely. You should have listened to her converations with old Sally Grigg when she was dying. Death frightens neonle. it makes them tell." "IWhat do you mean ?' gasped Reuben. "Mean. I mean chat Margery Uoudge made a confession on her death-bed. Sthi wrote on a piece of paper shortly Defore dying the truth about old Michael's will; she signed it with her own hand, and old Sally witnessed it. I've got that con fession, Reuben Penwithen. Do you think i'd dare to match myself with you until 1 was prepared P For years I've been waiting for this. I should have tried this means of getting the will before, only i knew you would bring up your forgery story." "The confession is a forgery too '' yelled Reuben, "the whole thing is ~med up 1" happens, baRne". said Ishmael. "As it 'tie uuu but sensiob -lving. Very weak, were a canting hypocrite like yooihle, If I to Chapel lke youdo, I should say that-v., was truth in that saying about the wheels of God grinding slowly, but grinding exceed ..',-1 During this time they had been standing face to face, each wathning the other, each trying to see the weakness in each other's armotur, baut at these last words of lshmael Reuben seemed to lose all control over him self, and made a frantic leap at the young man, and madly tried to wrest the will from him. As we have said, Beuben was a strong man, and had been trained in the art ot wrestling. Moreover, his strength at this time was the strength of despAir. If he could once get the will back egam, and barn, it, there would be hope even yet. And at9 he struggled with -a ghastly, unnatura strength. But he had matched himsel with a man far stronger than himsel4t The loosely-buiit, raw- boned, ungainlj youth had grown to be as strong as a yound giant. Every physical feat that could b. attempted during the years he had attemptteti every possible means of strengthening hi body he had used, until his sinews becap like steel. Besides, if Reuben had soad$ thing to struggle for, so had he; and so n battle proved unequal. Again the ol man lay on the ground, an inert mass, w n Ishmael stood over him, his great k clenched. khe * No, Reuben Penwithen," he said, '"[ didn't find John Fraser to der.l with Itco time, did you 2 I'm not so easily thr4 over a cliff, Ha ha I" and his meo laugh made Penwishen's flesh creep. ~ " It's a hle " he oiied in agony, Ife?en how closely the net oa his destructioro being drawn around him, "It's a lie ' Then my eyes lied. I saw you, didn't get up soon enough to stop the8.. 50 Oh, I've a strong case, and the worl I know, A felon's cell I Abh, I forgt, we tle allows I" c ?!:i.:.?:.!/::_ --,-C, "You can't pr' it I Dead men canI' spe k? ' " That's true, anFrager's dead, isn't he? But people tell thi;g before they die. A, it happened, tl , cliff was far from perpenrll?-t-~m i^ eh--. his fall was broken. t'cTnd found hm beuiseu ».. pathway " Then he's not dead; thank u_. ; that 1" " People don't fall that distance and live long," replied Ishmael. " Bun I carried him to his home, and described on paper what you had done, and he wrote his name to it, and it was witnessed, and not by me only." Reuben Penwithen rose to his feet slowly. No longer was there wild passion in his eyes, but a look of sullen despair. An unnatuiai calm seemed to rest upon him, and all desire for struggle was gone. " Very well, Isamail," he said; " you've done what you aimed to do. You've worked my destruction ; you're ruined the lives of my children. I've done all I could, and you've conquered. I robbed Judith and deceived her, and Judith's son was reared for vengeance. Well, you've got it. Never mind; i've lived in hell, so will you. I've sinned for self and greed and pride, and afterwards for the love of my children; you have sinned in hatred and cruelty and revenge. You have won the battle; but you'll rue it." lshmael listened like one in a dream. It seemed as though a cold hand were laid on his heart as Reuben spoke, and he could not reply. "'I'm going back to Penwithen," Reuben went on ; " I shall not inhabit it long, but I must go back now, You can do your worst; it doesn't matter, it's tnly a little while." He went away without speaking another word. Jshmaul stood and watched him. By this time the sky had become clear, and the moon shone brightly, Ile walked like an old man, Sumetimes he reeled, Still, he made his way to the house where his child ren lay, and through the lands which he had sinned to obtain and to keep. Presently Ishmael gave a sigh, His joy now was not so great as he had expected, but there was a feeling of grim satisfaction in his heart. "At last, at last," he murmured, "and now it's all mine, all mine. How pleased mother will be, ay, and how pleased Grace will be. It shall be her home, her lands; together we will enjoy it. When I've tinished this work I will find her, and then i shall be able to rest." Then he wandered away towards Coombs head, hugging to his body the words old lichael had written before he, ishmael, was boin. As for Reuben, he went back like one stunned. The sin of twenty-five years was discovered, and proved. Soon it would be known to the world, soon his name would be a by-word among the people, and his children despiead and avoided. All his care to make his position was in vain now, all his aristocratic acquaintances would close their doors against him. And he deserved it. Well, well, it would not be for long. After all, his only grief now was for his children. It was hard that they should suffer for him, Out so it was. Oh, it had been a weary, weary struggle, and is had ended in delert, terrible defear, and disgrace. And suldpose it had ended in victory, what then Ah, the game was not worth the candle. He had been far happier, far better as Reuben Penwithen, of Carloggas, than as eauben Penwithen, E.q, owner of Penwithen, Strange as ci may seem, he scarcely re gretted that the will was taken from him. CJncealed guilt, with a constant fler of discovery, was but little better than dis covered guilt. All would be known soon, but he would not know what the world said. lIe was determined on that, He entered Penwithen House in the same stolid way, and, as it by instinct, turned towards the library, where he had brooded so many hours. He eat down in the old arm chair, and remained motionless for hours; then he rose up and, opening his desk, began to write. He rapidly acribbled a dozen pages, then read them, as if he wanted to see whether he had ex pressed his thoughts correctly. When he had done this, he threw all he had written into the fire, and began again. This time he did not write so much, just a couple of pages of note-paper. "That, will do,' he said when he had finished. "I cannot confess my guilt to them, I can only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will gloat ovir their suffering, he will laugh at their dis grace." ýalnmly he tolded the paper, and placed it. in an envelope, which he carefully sealed. Then he wrote in a clear, steady hand: " For my boy Bertie, And my maid Grace. "To be read when I am gone. " May the Lord have mercy upon them and upon me. "' Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.' " He placed the note inside the desk, but he did not lock it. "They will be sure to turn to it," he said. " And they will have no difficulty in guessing the rest." He sank back in his chair again, and began to brood. Evidently he was thinking deeply, and weighing some dread alterna tive, for spasma of pain often revealed themselves in his face, his hands twitched nervously. " Yes, it is best," he mused, presently, "it must bhe best. When I am dead, people will pity the children. 'Poor young things!' they will say,' they cannot help it.' If I live they will have more to bear. No, I will curse them as little as I can. Besides, people often pity a criminal after he's hanged." He went to a cupboard and unlocked it, then he took from there an old pistol. It was an antiquated weapen, but deadly not withstanding, and he looked at it calmly, curiously. After this he -took a powder Bask and a shot-bag from the cupboard. He carefully measured out the powder and amptied it into the barrel of the pistol, cautiously knocking the stock so that the powder might come back to the nipple. With a steady hand he rammed in the powder, and afterwards poured the shot into his hand. They were large-sized buckshot, and four of these he placed in the pistol, and pressed them down as coollv is it loading his gun fos.-4'n iijpple, Chen h -doni?Aaalyown with the cock of "ti'here," he said, "I think that's all rody; and as far as I know there's nothing t wait for." A far-away look came into his eyes, and Is lips trembled. "And this is the end," he muttered, the end of all my scheming, all my hopes, d my fears. Well, better this than to be auled before the magistrates, and after at the judge, and have it proved against e that I have been a thief, a defrauder, murderer. Yes, a good deal better. ell, let this be the end." He lifted the pistol in his hand. 7 "What will it be afterwards P" he mut :ered, "what, I wonder P Well, I shall soon know. No hell can be worse than the hell I've been in. Besides, it is my duty to the children; the net is drawn around me, on every side, every side. Well- " He started guiltily, for he heard a step nutaide the door. He had forgotten that bhe night had passed and that the morning lad come, and so did not know that the Servants had entered the kitchen; but the soise aroused him. " Well, it's time enough, it's time enough," he thought, as he put the pistol nto his pocket; "time enough, but I'll :eep it handy through the day. No doubt, te's at work, and soon they'll be here, .ell, they'll not find much when they ome; 1'll take care of that." Quickly he locked the cupboard, and sade the room tidy; then noislessly he rent to his bedroom, and washed himself nd brushed his clothes. This done, he eemed to be fighting a great battle with imself ; but the matter in his mind was son settled. "Yes, I'll go down and meet them. I rant them to think as kindly of me as they an," he murmured and after awhile, ................ •~ ~ . o bearing voices in the diningroom, he des cended, and there greeted Bertie. cheer fully, and kissed Grace affectionately Vhrough the breakfast hour, too, he chatted pleasantly, although he constantly looked out of the window and towards the door, as though expecting visitors. After breakfast, he again went to the '°-"v. pleading that he had much to do, listening,; lwn-sat throughout the day, To his surprise, heo-dthinking. went on as usual. His lunch illsers. All to the library, but the servants actedyT l. as usual. Evidently nothing had reached their ears. Still, at every sound he grasped his pistol, and then when he knew that no one had cocme, he would drop it again with a sigh of relief, " Life is very sweet, after all," he would murmur, "and I would like to live, and atone for the past, if only for the children's sake. But it cannot be. He can show no mercy; and so its only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." Presently the darkness came on, and still no sign of Ishmael, no sign of callers. It was not like him to be so tardy-what was the meaning of it ? Well, he would go out, and take a last look at the house and land. The moon shone clearly, ant he could Eee better to-night. The clouds had gone, the night was frosty. tHe went out into the night, and looked lovingly at the old grey walls, and at the old laslioned garden i; then, feeling stronger with the fresh air, he went into the lane, and, as if impelled by an over-mastering impulse, he walked towards Tintagel. It was a long walk, baut he reached the village at length, and entered the Boscastle road, "I can't help it," he said to himself, "1 must go." He hurried along as though he had an im portant engagement to keep, and by-and-by a look of delirium came into his eyes. Then he laughed a wild, frenzied laugh. ' Yes, we'll float together, float together side by side I Ani the waves will tuss us, and the fish will cat us, and we shall be beaten against the rocks together." He had forgotten what Ishmael had said, for the time he was mad. Remorse, despair, had for the time unsettled his mind. He came to the spot where he and John Fraser had struggled, where he found a pathway down the cliff. He stood on a rock, wni,e the sea surged at his feet. tlanding there alone, his frenzy left him, and he became sullen and remorseful again. "He's at work, at work," he thought; "very likely the police are at the house by now. Of course, it took some time for him to get the warrant. What'll the children say ? Oh, it's hard to die I And yet I threw him over. lit must have fallen just here." He fancied he heard voices on the heights above him, and the thought that came to his mind was that Ishmael and the police had followed him, " They shall never have mel" he cried, " never I" and he plunged into the sea. He sank Into the deep waters, and the waves rolled over him, while the pale moon shone brightly, and the stars crept out one by one. To be Continued. 