Visit of Commissioner Railways. of DEPCTATI02Í OF COUNCIL, EE FENCE - : i.' " IN PEEL TERKACE. Oa Wednesday, 28th February, Hi - Commissioner of Railways, Hon. W. H. Venn, and the Engineer in-Chief, Mr. O'-Conner, anived in Northam by special train from Perth at 9*30 a.in., and at 10-30, tney received the Municipal Council as a deputation, in the Shamrock Hotel dining room, and conferred with that body in reference to the deviation -made by a fence which had bee|i erected in Peel Terrace and also In Merrivale street, and other matters affecting the Municipality. In addition to the Mayor Cr. Throssell and Crs. Ryfieldj Hamtoohfl, .Bernard, York »ud Smith', therewere a large number of residents of the town present who by their presence showed their interest, in the proceedings.. The Mayor in introducing the Council to the Commissioner of Railways, said he recognised the courtesy of the Commissioner and the Engineerin-Chief in coming to Northam aud personally conferring with, the Gouncil on a subject which had caused cohsiderablts annoyance and intense iudignalion to the ratepayers. As he was aware of their coming he had con vended a special meeting of the Council, which t was«hekTqn £j^ftiidayi eweMii g, when resolutions weVe .junamiously passed to uphold*'the'^fiviteges of the Council, and to insist upon the right of the Council to the control and management of the streets under their jurisdiction.. He considered, if the •Commissioner looked at the whole of the circumstances fairly, and impartially, lie was certain that the Commissioner ™ouMcome to the conclusion that the Council, bad amplegroitnds for feeling that they had" been unfairly jdçalt- with. , In . November last, as Mayor of the town, he wrote to the Railway .Department that the Council were opposed to the erection, of a fence in Peel terrace, and pointed out that as the train now ran very irregularly, that "that would not be the case when the line was taken over by the Government, and as there would be.. less danger then than there was now at the crossings, that.it wrasHje, Copnteif'fi.ppiniop, andthe wish of the' ratepayers, that the street in Peel terrace should remain open, and thacna fence should -be defected;" On the, 2nd Deoetnber,the Council -received a reply., to tha effect tthafc «ratter was under consideration, and farther com munication on the subject would - be "forwarded. No further corômumcaiàon had been received lip to that very day.' Last month ^business caused him. to-go to.. Souther^ Cross, and while there, he received, p.; telegram from Cr. Bernard, stating that the fence in question was" being weeted. He immediately, wired to Cr. Bernard to wire to the Commissioner and protest agãiuét the" erection of : the fence in the name of the • ^ typpPm niissioçer, 'f^Mtettug^tliat ^operatipçç shootfjM : : 6jsBp|nded ! '-òáôí'.ae cétarnód to Northam, and had an opportunity of consulting his Council. No notice was taken of these telegrams, and meantime the còòtmctor most expeditious!}' completed the fsnc:?, and after all the work and mischief had been done, he received a telegram from the Commissioner stating -that the contractor bad been instructed to stop the work. They were a quiet long suffering people and he felt sure the Çpm,- missioner "would see 1 that * thVy"" had ample reason for irritation and annoyance. The Commissioner said he regretted any misunderstanding had arisen, and explained at considerable lengtb that the confusion had arisen in dealing -withf Mr. Thrpsfcgll-,'sà :"l-épr£seiitative of the District and as Mayor of the Tijftn,; .sis ^matter of facjt; ítfíe whole question as to the erection of the fences in Pvel terrace and Merrivale street, had after a careful consideration by the Engineer-in-Chief b»en decided in September last, and that decision had been communicated J to Mr. Throssell, but it would seem that that letter had never beejifpjac^d before the Council, and had been treated by Mr. Throssell as private. The. Council's letter , of . November called for a formal reply, and a promise of a further communication, but as the question had been decided by the department, the telegrams resulted in causing confusion and misunderstanding. He regretted, that matters bad got mixed but that he was willing, if possible, to meet the views of the Council -was shown in his telegram to stop the work, which, unfortunately for bringing about a proper understanding, had reached the Mayor after the work had (been so expeditiously completed by "the contractor. , " The Mayor said he was glad to hear the Commissioner's explanation, but had he replied to his telegram two or three days earlier, there would have been no cause for irritation or annoyance. The Commissioner—The mistake was in looking upon Mr. Throssell as the representative of the District and the Mayor. As already pointed out, the Engineer-iij-chief had decided that the crossing was dangerous and no alteration in the plan of fencing could be madç; •v/:' , The Mayor—-Yes, you got, mixed up. (Laughter). A further ; explanation was here entered into and the various Telegrams "were read, and the Com in issiori er again expressed his regret that so much confusion had arisen and so much, unnec- -essiry annoyance given The Mayor said he was pleased the -Coirmissioner was not disposed to treat the Council as a bodv of children. The Engineer-in-Chief,,Mr O'Connor, explained that on , reviving Mr. Throssell's letter of v 27thJ»eDtember last, the matter 1 i'Vei ierr.u-e : 1 ,1: : sv;i;•• -tn:cr, >• ••:•-' agrei» fully t -M-.-n'd ;md U show t h a t tliise, m '•r.-i wt-re decided o» ccrUihi etc •-•lisi-d priii'.-iplot;. read tin 5 pii-.ioir of two c:t«[iicerj to the anurous nat ure of the ero^sinss with which i ^iptui,:>u-ttfri opinion ejncurred. He h;td SO; yfeai*s ;exp«rienc.» ~wtd 1» •considered the «-ru^in^s were dangerous and : e • f-r.\ ;n: could nor advise any sr-rious ullei-atiim in the plan which iiad been adopted. An accident had already occurred he had been informed at Peel ,Terrace crossing (Cries of No, No^ ,, Well he had been told so. However, though no accident had occurred, still the crossing was dangerous, and if not. guard*»! agaiiist, accidents would certainly happen. The question of the crossing afc the private siding at the Fanners' Roller Flour Mill, here cropped up, but the •Commissioner" repudiated all responsibility in connection therewith. The Engineer in-Chief said he had an *alt®ràãjtivj?. plan ; "tQÍ .propose and placed several maps on the table for the inspection of the Council. The Mayor said that that was the first time he had heard of an accident, but as be had lived in Peel Terrace all the time he was certain no accident had occurred. The trains had run most irregularly for the last 18 months and no accident had occurred. Iu Port Adelaide the trains ran through the centre of the street- where there were cabs and carts and an immense traffic, aud yet ^accidents were very rare indeed.. There was no danger to be apprehended here, and the Council could not submit tp the; high handed proceedings of the department in closing the roads * and erecting fences where they were not required. There was not a ghost of an accident in Northern and tlieyicould not submit to such high handed proceedings. They should ha\e been consulted on these deviations, but neither their letter nor their Telegmms bad received courteous attention. The department had been negligent and did not realise the necessity tor action until it was too late. As Mayor of b'ie Town, he was not disposed to bear blame for what was hot his fault." The Council were determined that the'fences should be removed, and if they were not removed, be would place his resignation and the Council's resignation in the hands of the "Premier. The trains had been running for eighteen months without acciden tj- an d whjpn the Council was prepared to accept the responsibility, lie could not understand the Departs mentobjectiiig' to 1 comply with" their wishes, I£ he did not voice the f°eljings of the Council, and echo the statçmerits of |he ratepayers, In referepceÉto ; thfTf»roceedfí|igsi. <|lítbe Depaíètuent, let the meniBe^s sãgr so. He was not to blame in this matter and he now threw all the Maine on the :Pepartirient. The Engiuper-ii^Clnef said that Mr Throsse'l put his 18 months of theory against his 30 years of experience. He contended thar. lS months' immunity from aíccidènt was* rio guarantee that accidents would not occur. He was. decidedly of opinion that the crossings were dangerous and had ad-; . vised the government Accordingly. ~The Minister could use his own discretion, but. his professional opinion was confirmei by the opinion of two other engineers. The Commissioner Said that some of Mr. Throssell's remarks could not be allowed to pass rnnoticed. ...As, he had before.* ÍStáted, i the quètríòn " of erecting the fences and narrowing the crossings had already been decided by the department, and evpn.if the telegrams ill ad been promptly answered, the position would have been prec'sely .the same. The question of erecting the fences had been decided, and acting on the advice of theiri En«j.neerin-Chisf the work wa; carriéd out. Personally. he would . be. guided by that advice, but when 'lie was told that the Mayor and. Councillors would resign in a body if they could not have their own \vay, then all he could say was that he would refer the hole ipttttorc "fto the ^ábihét. could act as "they thought proper as an act of policy. As to the government accepting the Council as respon- •slble, tlve fact Was that the law would not permit the government divesting themselves of their responsibility. Supposing an accident occurred, and £10,000 wera required as damages, could the Government come upon the Northam Municipal Council? What G would people think of a Government tlat agreed with a Mr. Throssell, formerly Mayor of Northam, to take over railway responsibility? The thing was absurd and was impossible. He would ask them to consider the alternative plan placed before theiu by the Engineer-in-Cbief, and he would ask the Council not to take any further action until they bed given it their fullest consideration. The Mayor said the Council would give the subject careful consideration and communicate wilh the Department. They had spoken warmly on both sides, but he could assure the Commissioner and the Engineer-in- Chief that the Council and himself entertained the most kindly feelings towards them. The Commissioner and the Engineerin-Chief having reciprocated the expressions of good feeling voiced by the Mayor, the deputation withdrew. 