THE OLDEST DRESS MAKER'S BILL. AN INTERESTING CHALDEAN TABLET. Egypt (writes Mr. St. Chad Bcscawen in tha Queen) has been called "the land of surprises." Year after year the explorers in the Nile land bring to light some new and Btartling ex amples of arb, revealing to ub the astonishing character of the early civilisation of the Egyptians. Egypt has now a rival in the sister civilisation of ancient Chaldea. Although in art Chaldea is far behind the land of the Nile, -especially in the art of painting, the restoration of the early civilisation, and the , perfect picture which we can form of the life and manners and customs of the people, is almost as complete as that which we can re store of Egypt in the Pyramid age. The startling feature of the discoveries resulting from the decipherment of the cuneiform inscriptions has been the numerous detailB of popular life which are accessible to us. The little clay tablets not only contain the records of kings and "princes, but even of the poorest of tne people, slaves, and beggars. In so great a literary land as Chaldea, every transaction, no matter how small, was recorded in writing, and thus we have many details of transactions which would otherwise have been for ever lost. Among the documents that have been dis covered is .a tablet which may' be well called "the oldest dressmaker's bill in the world." It was the custom of the Babylonian kings to present to the temples sets of robes for the_ use of the priests and priestesses. This was unusually done every year, and we have many of these liBtainthe British Museum. The oldest hitherto known has been that of a king about l-ii50 b.c. There are several of a later period, but the document before us is far older than any yet found. The tablet, which is of limestone, was discovered in the ruins of the temple in the city of Nipur in Southern Chaldea. This temple was dedicated to the ghost god, and had a very large priest hood attached to it. Erom the style of the writing, which is extremely archaic, and from the curious system of numerals employed, the tablet cannot be of later date than 2S00 B.C. It contains a list of 92 vestments, whioh were presented . to the temple by the king. The name of the king is unfortunately not given. The end of the tablet reads:—"In all 92 pure vestments, the bill (list) of the temple for the priests this year." Many of the words are unknown to us, as they are, no doubt, many of them technical terms employed by _ the modistes of the period. Some of the lines, however, are of particular interest—those that can bo satisfactorily deciphered. Among ths items are " Twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of the house of his lady, ten collara of the house of his lady, ten pure gold collars,' two wide robes." One item of special interest occurs near the end— "Eour scented robes." This reminds us of the passages in Psalm xlv., speaking of the robes redolent of "myrrh and aloes and cassia.5' It wa3, no doubt, the custom in Babylonia to perfume the robes, as it is to this day in Persia and India. Another item is also illustrative of Eastern life ; "Two Winders," probably scarfs used for binding round the waist. This document has likewise an additional value in showing us the great development which had taken place in the textile arts in Chaldea even at this early period. The decorations on the statues of Gudea (b.o. 2800), the embroidered fringes, show that the skill of the weaver and the embroiderer were far advanced, and it is a curious feature to notice that nearly all the attempts at decorative work in early Chaldea are in patterns which are derived from textile designs. 