\ WIFE'S CONFUSION. CHAPTER XXXI. Never shone the sun more brightly » Marchgrave than on the morrow of \e poll, when the statue of Sir John jeron was to be unveiled. Peace and order reigned once more n the ancient city, looking its best .mrl o-avest. and its proudest as welL Not a rag of red was to be seen any where, except perhaps in the gutter — all was heavenly bjge, both above and below. In a fabftkmsly short time every approach to* 'the Market-Cross was turned into in avenue of bannered arches, every ^bousefrpnt burst into life and color, like the hedges on the first sunny May morning, and the old basin was a blaze of bunting. The church bells had been ringing in dis cordant chorus for hours ; and all the - world was abroad* Every -workshop was closed, every school had a whole holiday, and foreign captains, in a hurry for clearance, had to put up with their own swearing, until they also caught the contagion of gala. There was no prouder woman in England than Kate Heron—her par don, Lady Heron — that day. ' And now,' she thought, wiiih a sigh in the midst of her pride, ** perhaps we shall be a little nearer ; perhaps now he will be able to be a little more at home.' As if Parliament meant home — as if there could be any rest till the new docks were made. But ignorance is bliss — sometimes, Draycot Morland, not Hiring the .sensation of a cur attached to. a tin kettle, had made one point of not leaving Marchgrave on the declaration of the poll, and another point of going out into the streets at as early an hour as a late breakfast 'allowed. He felt not an atom of soreness about his defeat — he had fought to be beaten, and circum stances had convinced him that it was he, and not his opponent, who had turned out to be the sham. ' Hanged if I don't make a speech at the ceremony, pitching hot and strong into myself,' he thought. ' It'll be a novelty, and good fun. To abuse one s own self, as it one were two ! If 11 give the Philistines and Pharisees a new idea. Oh, how we should all pitch into ourselves if we only could realise that every man is two men — if he isn't three, or four, Dr 999. One self abusing the other self — when I'm in the House (not for Marchgrave) Til bring in a bill for recognising universal duality ; sending one of everybody into the House of Lords and the other to the treadmilL- That's the only way of getting jusftceadosSe. * Done ' — rather a double=fjiced word. . . . Good morning, Mr. Prendergast. A great day for Marchgrave — eh? 'Where's . your Brayeot Morland now?' ' I don't know, sir, I'm sure,' said Mr. Prendergaet, rubbing his hands. **A great dayf 'Why, sir, it's a glorious day. Our Mr. Derwent's oome home !' If Lady Heron was the proudest woman, Mr. Prendergast was the hap piest man. 3r The only note of ajisiety in the place was struck ^Japoa the mind of Alderman Sparrow; for the hour of the ceremony -was approaching, and there was only one more train by which Sir John could possibly arrive. Nor had there been a telegram. But, as time proceeded, anxiety became mitigated until balm suggested itself in Gilead even if Sir John should not come to enjoy hia own triumph. The alderman's success of yesterday as an orator encouraged 'him to tiMnlr that a modest absence on national and im perial affairs on the part of Sir John might look graceful, especially if compensated for by a flight of apologetic eloquence on the part of Alderman Sparrow. So he -went about in a brown study, planning an im promptu. And now the hour had come — though not the man. The statue, under its canvas veil, etood like a daylight ghost where the Market-Cross had been. On an extemporised platform were the Marquis of Horcheeter (LordLieut enant of the county) and the Mar chioness 5 the Bishop of Marchgrave and Mrs. Stole ; the dean, the canon in residence, the recorder and aldermen and aldermen's wives, the county court judge, various county magnates and county members, the clerk of the peace, the beneficed clergy pi the city, the foreign cousuls, Lady Heron, and the sundry flies in amber, includ ing Draycot Morland, who turned, by a bow, a not ill-natured hoot into a good-humored cheer. What with uni forms, «i11r hoods, scarlet gowns, and, above alL the ladies in their bravest, the banners, the arches, and the golden light of a blue sky, the scene was as gorgeous in color as even honor 'to John Heron could demand. In the - front rank round the covered statue, kept in place by the high BherifFs javelin-men in antique livery, were the bedesmen and. bedeswoman of the almshouses restored and re ; founded by John Heron ; the children of the schools established and man aged by John Heron fihe staff of the. hospital built an&\- supported by John Heron; and ^& ^Cathedral ; choir, marshalled to sing' w *$he praise and glory of John Heron. Bound these stood .the crowd, ana beyond the crowd came the open windows filled with feathers and flowers. It wafe unfortunate that the last possible train came in without bring ing the hero of the day, and the ?volunteers sent to the railway station as a .'guard of honor had to march back again, substituting some other tone for that march from. 'Judaa Maccabeene' which their trumpeters and drummers had Been rehearsing so diligently. However, as everybody agreed, on consideration, there could be no real cause for anxiety. A man mustsacri fice even the enjoyment of his own praises at a national crisis ; and then — was it not after all in the very height of fine taste and royal modesty for John Heron to conceal himself till honor had been done ? Was not that just like John Heron f At any rate, though with some slight change of programme, the cere mony had to proceed. And perhaps it -was just as well for a modest man to have stayed away. For the speeches were many ; and each outbid each in his praise. The marquis held him up as a shining example of an English man, who had learned, in helping to rule and benefit his native town, how to help in the good government of an empire — he was ever so little conde scending, perhaps, but, then, he spoke for the county. The bishop, a real orator, eulogised John Heron as a pillar both of Church and State ; a philanthropist not only generous, but wise ; no slavish flatterer of the crowd, but a master and judge among the people — truly a Prince in IsraeL The recorder spoke of him as a magistrate. The ? But there is no need to reproduce in small what may be found set out in all the local papers of the hour. Applause was chronic; but it reached a climax when the vicechair man of the Chamber of Commerce drew a brilliant picture of what Marchgrave was to be in time to come — when John Heron's new docks would make all those pre sent citizens of one of the greatest and wealthiest cities in the world, and fellow-citizens of one of the world's greatest men. ' A statue to John Heron should have two faces ; one for the past and one for the future,' said he. At last, amid a flourish of trumpets and a firing of bells, a cord was drawn, ;the coverings fell, ami the statue of John Heron became hence forth the centre of his native town. And even -while the trumpets brayed, and the bells fired, the corpse of a police-hunted con vict was lying in a fisherman's cottage, watched only by the daughter whom he had never known till too late, and by the friend he had betrayed. That statue was all that remained of Adam Furness ; that corpse, all that was left of John Heron. CHAPTER XXXIL « In my last letter, in which I put Marion's fortune into your hands, I was obliged to write hurriedly, and to leave much untold. I now write to tell you alL in case anything should happen to me. ' As you know, my husband has discovered me ; and, be assured, will not rest until he has deprived my girl of every penny. I know what you will say — « Marion's fortune is nothing to me.1 But to me it is a great deaL Her father shall not injure her -while her mother stands tamely by* You understand that though I call the £70,000 Marion's, it is a legacy left to me, and I, having no settlement, it is legally my husband's — and that he will stand upon his legal rights, to Hie letter, you may be sure. But what is law is in this case any thing but justice. That fortune was left to me — to me and my child ; not to a convict — a — but I need not go on. I have therefore determined on a step which I think right, though it may seem a strange, if not a mad one. I have defied my husband to prove that I am his wife. ' To Marion's husband, and for Marion's sake, I confess, as if I were in the confessional, and as if it -were a crime, the secret that I am the wife of Adam Furness. But that is a secret for you alone. I tell it to you for two reasons. Firstly, because it is due to you to know that Marion was not born in dishonor, and need not blush for her mother. Secondly, because, under changed circumstances, it may become important some day that the truth should- be known in Marion's or her children's interest, while I might then be out of the world. 'Keep, then, this full admission, and the - marriage lines ' accompany ing them,* not to use (Adam Furness living — nor then without imperative and practical cause most unlikely to arise) but to Heep, as I know you will keep, any confidence of mine. Mean while I shall, against him and against all the world, maintain myself to be no wife ; ^and as the marriage was clandestine, against the wishes of my friends, and m a remote Australian station; it will be iard Ifor him to t prove, especially without advertising tiiwmalf as a convict and otherwise in his true colors. - «I am now about to ©scape from Adam Furness once more, leaving no trace for *»'n to follow. Not only do I dread hi™ for myself, but I dread still more the influence he may obtain over Marion. He has no scruples, and his will is of iron.' .1 sometimes think lie might have been great, had he pleased. ' Tou will hear from me in a very few days. God bless you, my dear Guy, and that you and oar Marion may be happy all your lives, prays with her whole heart your loving mother — in her maiden name ? ' T.TEATT FlEIJ).' Such was the letter addressed to Guy Derwent, now a voice from the grave, which, still unopened, Marion had dropped in her flight from the chamber which became her lover's prison, for him to find there and read, and -when she read it alao — the curse between them, was removed. -iieah Furness had not been mad in tramp ling on her own good name ; only a woman driven to bay by a man. And so it came to pass at last that Marion Guy. . . But this story has been misread indeed if it has been taken for theirs. It is no more theirs than it is the story of how Doctor Wyndham Snell turned his £70,000 — Marion's fortune — into something nearer a quarter of a mil lion by his invention of Snell's Neurocephalopanaceatic Pills, so that j his wife became a carriage lady after all j or of how Mrs. Prendergast dis posed of the Bell to less able hands, and enabled her second hus band to retire into dignified, leisure, wherein the Vicar-Choral's undiminished wit has become a pleasure and not a pain, and the still extant sobriquet of ' Old Murder' has lost its sting. Nor even of how Mrs. Stephen, Cynthia no more, energeti cally blundered into success with her weeds, in whom the Miss Burdons grew to take the zealous, but not always helpful, interest of wealthy maiden ladies with nothing to do. That story would lead to a delicate surmise. For Draycot Morland pre sently took to visiting hia aunts a great deal ; and he was the very man to fly in the face of the -world — just for fun's sake and scorn of shams. Mrs. Stephen had been a bad lot in her time, no doubt ; but then — nobody knew. No 5 it has been the story of none of these things — but of things that never were ; of docks that were never built, and in all likelihood never will j be ; for Glasgow and Liverpool still j hold up their heads, and Askness flourishes, and Marchgrave has turned itself round to sleep once more — and is none the -worse off for that, maybe. But there still stands, in the place of the Market Cross, the memorial of a great tragedy. It is still remembered how Sir John Heron was assas sinated by a political fanatic, who forthwith vanished, and was never heard of again. For none ever, in all Marchgrave, save his unknown daughter and her husband, knew that the city had erected a public statue to a con victed forger, a coiner, a swindler, a bigamist, a murderer, for -whom the law was hunting even -when, to the sound of trumpet and bells, his glory was unveiled to the sun. His wife, -who was no wife, mourns him with pride, and the glory of Marchgrave ?was buried in the grave of a scoun drel without remorse or scruple, yet | with none but noble aims, and with ! his first self -conquest for his last deed. Was he knave or king? Let him answer who can. [the md.] 