THE HAUNTED MINE. (By EDWARD DYSON, IN THE ARGUS) Old Pete's reputation had now spread even as far as Bendigo, a fact to be as- cribed to the association of his name with the story of the haunted mine rather than i to : Ilia personal jocularities; His bid { mine, the claim he and Mike (Jody had worked, was said to bo haunted. The exact shape and status of the spectre that daunted its diaphanous draperies and gib* bered in the old shaft were never agreed 'tipbn, "flie rival . Oldest inhabitants de scribed the goblin variously, 'By some the phantpm was said to be a tall; stately woman in long, white cerements, who rose up from the black mouth of the shaft at certain hours of the night; uttered a peculiar marrow-chilling wailj and then subsided again into the darkness. Others told of a venerable digger of a Rip Van Winkle aspect, with his throat obt from ear to ear, being hauled up on a spectral windlass by a phantasmal bracoman at the dead of night. Yet another swore that at twelve o’clock exactly on certain nights anyone bold enough to venture to the mouth of the shaft and gaze fixedly Into its depths for one hundred seconds would see the water twenty feet below be come tinged with a phosphorescent glow, and presently a ghastly white face, with wild, wide eyes and livid lips,, would rise to the surface and glare at the and a long,-shelotob hand would reach up and beckon three limes. As the person who hud the misfortune to see the spectre under these latter circumstances was, ac cording to popul ir belief, certain to die a violent and exceptionally painful death within three months, -Pete's mine Was not generally regarded as a pleasant midnight resort. Of late years Pete had often been seen on moonlight nights standing in a striking attitude on Wombat Hill gazing fixedly over towards the spot where the great white gum spread its skeleton limbs and marked the vicinity of the haunted mine, and it was therefore as sumed that he had more than a casual in terest in the spook, ghost, or goblin that frequented the deserted claim. But when Pete was questioned about- the matter his extaordinary gift of profanity made itself evident, and ho simply cursed his ques tioner without reserve and classed him with the beasts that parish. Dodd’s Diggings, like many Australian townships that have blazed up and flickered out, and blazed and faded again ond again, was destined to enjoy the ad vantages of another rush. A gentleman of great weight in politics floated the Happy-go-Lucky Gold Mining Company, No Liability on the Melbourne market amongst a generation of speculators who knew nothing of the Lucky of other days. The amount of work done on the mine was represented as an inducement to investors, and the size and quality of the lode were dwelt upon at great length in a glowing prospectus. The public was artfully assured that (ho mine was not prospected, and that, al though stone of extraordinary richness must be available at a greater depth, the body of quartz reached in the old workings could bo worked at a big profit under “ our improved system,” and with the latest gold saving appliances. The Happy-go-Luoky went off beauti fully in ’ booming market, and measures were taken to renew operations without delay. At this time, too, a field of payable alluvial was discovered about two miles off, and helped materially to restore prosperity to Dodd’s. The news that the Lucky was to ' be worked again had a most remarkable effect on old Pete. After spending many hours in his hut, in alternating fits of great agitation and profound thought, he went forth, and pegged out his old claim. Now the grey beaded digger attracted a good deal of attention and excited much remark by appearing on the claim every day, and remaining there for a certain time, doing a little pick and shovel work about the surface, Pete was shepherding (he haunted mine, The residents of Dodd’s wore amazed. They watched his movements jealously, and by their insinuations drew upon him the at tention of the men employed about the Lucky, and the diggers working the alluvial on Mosquito Plat. Aii impres sion went aboard that there was gold in the old mine. Pete fumed under the un desirable publicity, and relieved bis feel ings by swearing volubly to himself in frenzied'whispers, a pleasant little habit that had grown upon him in bis loneli* ness. Dodd’s rapidly developed into a some' what important centre again, under a high-sjunding name. Stores were opened, Methodist meetings held, and for the Grsb time the place rote to real dignity in the possession of a licensed hotel. Pete watched the work at the Lucky advancing with increasing anxiety, and when at length they gob up steam, and the lusty respirations of the big pumping engine were heard once more from the old engine house, his agitation was apparent to everybody, and all wore agreed that there must bo good reason for it in the j shape of golden alone in his mine. Por 0 fortnight the water gushed in a constant stream from the lifts at the Lucky with out making any great difference below, and Pete spent most of his time watch ing in a fever of impatience as it flowed away. He seemed to have aged extremely during the lost fourteen days j ho was bent almost double, and become woefully wrinkled and cadaverous. Every morn ing and evening ho took measurements to discover the effects of the pumping at tho Lucky on the water in the haunted mine, and presently tho result became evident—the water began sinking, and continued to sink: rapidly. Then old Pete was stricken down with sickness, a kind of low fever accompanied with slight delirium. Ho could not loavo his bunk for several days, during which time ho was attended by Mrs. O’Brien, tho now washerwoman of Dodd’s. When at length his brain was quite clear again, tho first item of intelligence that reached him was tho nows that Bunker and Owen 1 Owens had jumped the haunted mine. The knowledge of his loss filled old Pete with tho moat violent passion. He raved like a madman, and when left alone be slipped from his bunk, scrambled into bis clothes, and rushed across to the mine, swaying and reeling as if under tho in fluence of drink, with hands and teeth tightly set and fiercely staring eyes. Bunker and Owens were running the rope on to their windlass when Pete reached them. Snatching a pick from tho ground, ho turned upon Owens in speech less fury aimed a blow at his head, but two or throe men standing by seized him, and ho was borne back gasping inarticu late curses. Presently ho found his \oico. \- “ Thieves ! Thieves 1 Thieves !” ho shrieked. : “ This is my claim-mine for fifteen years ! I will brain tho first man that goes below I” “ ‘Twon’b wash, Pete,” said Bunker, coolly. “ You never took out a right. Wo did. She’s burs, an’ we’re goiu’ t’ work her, bet yer life,” M Bunker, you dbg! you robber ! This claim is mine I It is mine I minel mine!” Pete spat his words at the usurpers and his eyes gleamed • furiously. They were stains of blood on his grey beard, and his hands clawed npasnicdically, but tho men held him fast,/ . Bunker and Owens gob on the rope, each with,, a lighted candle in his hand, ready to go below. They both affected. b supremo contempt for the stories of the spectre in Old Pete's mine, bub neither cared tp go alone in the dark, slimy work ings, with yhia mind full of the ghostly womSjix and ihe goblip digger with tho gashed throat; “ Lbwbfc.away 1” S Down they went, and the man on ,top watched the candles flickering as they sank in the narrow shaft. Pete’s struggles now became qttite maniacal. He ravrd and cursed and kicked and bit at his cap* iorflj but ho was thrown down, and Long Beq pinned him to the ground as if ho were a child 1 . Bunker and Owens reached the. lower level and into the yawning drive. The timbers worQ atill sound and the ground secure. Keeping close together, and throwing the light of their candies before them, the two men walked along the drive towards the face, expecting to find there sdtiiediiftg rich- to account for Pdte’s agitation. Presently, they stopped simultaneously, paralysed with horror,- with trembling knees and bands, and faces that had suddedly become bloodless. Clinging to each other for courage and support, tlicty sack, as if impelled by one will, raised a quivering candle, and gafled at the terrible object before them. Part of the footwall bad run in, stopping their progress, and on the top of the heap, sharply outlined against the white reef, lay a perfect skeleton, black, bare and ghastly, with a fearful rift in its grinning SkUlh The caudles fell from the hands of BUnk er aild Owens, and : hissed out in the wet clay, and the tUdh uttered- a simultaneous yell of horror and turned and fled back to the shaft, floundering in the water, and knocking their heods agninsfc the cap pieces in the impenetrable darkness. 3 hey caught at the rope together, and Bunker shrieked— “ Heave up, for the love of God !” Bunker and Owens were drawn to tlie surface, and appeared before the as sembled men ghastly pole, blood- stained, wet* and smeared with clay. Bunker fell on bis face Upon the grass grown tip, and lay there panting, but Owens supported himself against the wind lass, 'and his eyes sought Old Pete’s face, and mot his eyes . with 'an appalling stare. Pete was liberated, and he glared back into Owen’s accusing orbs. He advanced a few trembling stops and stood like one expecting his death-blow, his dry lips drawn back from his teeth, and the perspiration standing in large drops upon his brow. Then Owens raised his shaking hand, and pointed an accusing finger at Pete.’ ... “ You murdered Mike Cody !” he said. Half a dozen men sprang at Pete, but he eluded them, and rushed down the side of the hill, with his long thin hair streaming behind him. Heading for the Lucky, he bounded across the battery sands on tin flat, bis pursuers on bis heels. He was an old man just off a bed of sick ness, but ho seemed to be possessed of supernatural strength and fleotness, and outran his enemies. The braeemau at the Lucky' heard the shouts, divined Pete’s in tention, and rushed to prevent him, but was too late. The old digger sprang into the open shaft, and disappeared from view. They heard his body strike the centres, once, twice, thrice, and silence followed. When brought to the surface again Old Pete was quite dead, battered beyond re cognition. Bunker and. Owens each took out a small fortune out of the haunted mine, but the dark waters lilUheshafbagain to-day, and the people of Dodd’s Diggings point out the claim to strangers and speak in awed whispers of a ghostly figure that rises to the surface at the midnight hour, and points a black, bony band at a gaping rift in its skull, and subsides again with an awful groan. 