After the Beswrection- SERMON PREACHED • BT THB REV. ROBERT JAOKSON, M.A., Clerk of Hawkeabury Presbytery, of the Presbyterian Ohuroh, Granville. rheu the same day at evening, being the first day of the week, when the doora were shut whi ere the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews, came Jesus and atood in the midst, and saith unto them, "Peace be onto yon." And when He had so said, He shewed unto them His hands and His aide. Then were the disciples'glad, when they saw the Lord. Then said Jeans to them again, " Peace be onto yon: as My Father hath sent Me, even ao eend I yon." y And when He hadsaid this, He breathed on them, and said unte them, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost: " Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them ; and whose soever sine ye retain, they are retained." JOHN XZ , 10—23. We have in this 'passage an account of Christ's first interview with His disciples after His resurrection from the dead. They were met for prayer and conference in the upper room. The news that the tomb of Jesus was empty, and that some of the women had seen the Lord, had already reached them. They could not, however, credit the report. It seemed to them " too good to be true.'' Quietly and unexpectedly the Master came into their midst, and by loving words allayed their fears, and confirmed them in the belief that He waB none other than the 8on of God. In the brief sketoh of the meeting here given, it is interesting and instructive to notioe that the disciples were in the habit of thue meeting together. They found that by interchange of thought and united prayer they were strengthened and enoouraged in the trying circumstances in which they were placed. Well would it be for Christians to- day if they copied the example thus set. We notice, too, that it was upon the first day of the week that Christ visited them and made Himself known: the day he burst the batriers of the tomb. From this time forth this day bbcame precious to every Christian's heart, BB commemorative of the glorious fact that the "Captain of our Salvation " had triumphed over death and the grave. God under the old economy rested on the seventh day, to commemorate the great work of creation. The Christian church under the new economy rests on the first day to commemorate the greater work of re-creation or redemption. While the disciples were thus gathered, Christ oame into their midBt. It is with this last thought that we wish especially to deal at this time. It is true to-day that " Where two or three are gathered together in His name, He will be in the midst." By carefully noting the speoial features of this viBit, we shall be able to discover what we have to expeot from Christ's visits still. Christ, on the occasion before us, brought ?JEAOE. He was no sooner in their midst than He sought to put them at once at their ease by saving, " Peace be unto you." This was .the blessing of which He had spoken to them before His death, and He came now to show them that He had notforgotten His ppmise. Christ knew well that they were juBt in the condition in whioh such a blessing waB required. The events which had recently happened had brought a considerable amount of unrest to them. The cross waB by no means the end to whioh they had been looking forward. It had bewildered them Notwithstanding the efforts that Christ had made to prepare them for it, they had thus far failed to graBp the full import of it. To them, it appeared as though their beloved Master had suffered defeat. Anxious as he had ever been on their account, and desirous onoe again to give them evidence of His loye, Christ bestowed upon them th&t; blessing which would drive away their fears, strengthen their faith, and thus prepare them for the great work on whioh they were about to enter. In thus addressing them, Christ did not merely express His desire, but actually communicated this peace to them. All sorts of peace are here included—peace with liod5 peace of mind; peaoe of conscience ; peace with one another, "True peace is not effeminacy, but strength; not an unresisting vassalage, but freedom; not stagnation, but life." Christ comes to convey this blessing to His people to-day. He is well acquainted with the experiences through which His children are called upon to pasB. He knows the worries, the anxietieB, the. disappointments, the difficulties, the heart- burnings, the sorrows, as well as the temptations, to which they are exposed; and henoe He provides them with the blessing whioh will meet each individual case. Tbis peace is very real to all those who by faith have-laid hold upon Him. With it a calmness and confidence beoome apparent which can be obtained from no other source. This peace He offers to you and me to-day. He also BIWIS HIMBKLF. "When He had thtu spoken, He ( showed them His hands and His feet.' , So sudden and unexpected was His j ; visit, that the Disoiples may be par-. doned if their first thought was that a \ spirit" was before them. To drive | - away suoh thoughts, and to convince them that He was really flesh and blood, He showed them the wounds made by ^he nails as He hung upon the cross. Christ thus gave them a revelation of Himself. They saw be- . fore them the teacher with whom they had spent so many happy hours; the Master from whom they had reoeived so much kindness; and their Lord, who was to be imitated and obeyed through all their earthly life. To those present on this occasion, and to the doubting Thomas who received the same revelation a week later, it proved amply sufficient. From this time forth the reality of His resurrection and divinity were never questioned by them. The truth of Christ's resurrection beoame the very centre of all their teaching. Christ brings tbis revelation to Hie people to-day. It is the greatest revelation He has to make. " In it light is thrown upon Qod and man; man and duty; sin and salvation." Now, as then, it proves amply sufficient and soul-satisfying to B11 who by graoe receive it. With Christ there is no respect of persons. Wherever there is an earnest, seeking soul, Ho will graciously grant auch a revelation as will satisfy the deepest longings of the soul, and cause it to cry, "My Lord and my God." He also comes to give His followers WOBK. " As my Father sect me into the world so send I you." Christ had been sent of God to oarry out a noble work. This fact was never absent from the- Saviour's mind. From His early youth He had kept it before Him, and when the time of preparation for it was over, He entered right earnestly upon it. His life was a busy one. Early and late He was "about His Father's business," and here He tells them that they must take their example from Him. He reminds them that they had not been called to a life of idleness. The privileges they had enjoyed, and the blessings they had received, had not only been intended to produce calmness, confidence, and ecstacy, but also love, the full exhibition of whioh could not be made without energy and effort for gpod of others. He Himself had gone about doing good, and it was for them to take up the work which He had just laid down, and oarry it on in the same self- Baorificing spirit. Nobly did these men fulfil the trust. The record of the work they performed shows how thoroughly they had imbibed His spirit, and how faithfully they obeyed His command. There still remains much work to be done, and Christ visits hie people to call them to it. There is no room for drones in His hive. The character of the work may differ in different cases; but each has something that he must do, and only he can do, for Christ. It has become fashionable to think that this work can be safely left to a few; but, as all earnest students of Christ's teaching know, it is a great mistake and a great sin so to think. The work is pressing and the time iB short. Let us then who hear His name throw ourselves earnestly, humbly and prayerfully into it. But ne comes also TO QTIAUTY 702 THE WOBX. " Receive ye the Holy Ghost," He said. The work was exaoting, and the labourers were only men. That the work might be done, and done effectively, and that their own spiritual health might be preserved, He bestowed upon them the Teaoher, the Guide, the Comforter, of whom he had often spoken to them in days gone by. Under the influence of the Spirit their work beoame a delight, and their efforts eminently sucoeBsfuI. The prejudices whioh had hampered them during the time OhriBt was with them disappeared, and larger "views of Ohrist and of His Gospel took possession of them. The humble fishermen beoame the workers by whom the world was " turned upside down." Only as they were helped by the Holy Spirit could they have accomplished such things. Christ giveB the Spirit still to all His faithful followers. Guided and guarded by him they " go from strength to strength."- Their capacity for work is enlarged, and their love for the truth increased. Their minds illumined and their hearts softened by his benign influ- ence, they become " meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light." Without His blessed presence and support, no work for Christ can be done; but, blessed by Him, difficulties will be overcome, temptation mastered, and the enemy of our eouls will be at all poiBts worsted. This gift is ours if we will have it. Let us then, dear friends, make full use of our privUeges; and by aooepting Christ's free gifts, become possessed of that ieaoe which He gives with thereve- of Hiinaelf, and thus enter upon Jation that work for the faithful disohargeof which He has made suoh ample provision. It is not the biggest piped in the organ that are used the most. * 