THE NEW LODGER; OK MR TOMPKINS' FRIEND. " Miss EiEe, it's no use; you'll have to take anybody that comes, or give up the house." " Perhaps I'd better give it up, Sarah ?" " Do as you plerse, miss; but ifs little the furniture will bring you, and there'll be rent for another three quarters, and if you have to pay for lodgings, you'll find them dear and not at all comfortable." " He's a very respectable old gentleman, you say ?" "Couldn't be more so. He's lived in f-.Viin house for months at a time. He gives very little trouble, and pays most regular. Yon needn't never see him yourself, miss; not unless you like. I'll take his orders; he's used to me, bless you. You just make out his bills and I'll take them and get them paid. His coming now would tide us over the time till the lwiies come back." " Then Sarah, you may write and tell him he can come. You may say that Mrs Brown is dead, but the lady who is keeping on the house has everything joBt the same. I dare say it was silly of me to make any difficulty." And so the matter was settled, and Effie knew that she would be able to pay her rent as before. Also, when old Mr Tompkins took possession of his rooms he proved a harmless, quiet, pleasant old gentleman. He greeted Effie with courtesy when he met her on the stairs, and she saw him at no other time. He paid his bills with the utmost regularity. "My landlady looks young," he remarked to Sarah. " I suppose she is old Mrs Brown's niece ?" . " I don't know as she's so near a relation as that," said Sarah, stolidly. But the impression remained in Mr Tompkins' mind that Effie was his late landlady's niece, and that her name was Brown. This impression was likely to be confirmed by the fact that Effie continued to make out her accounts on the same printed forms that the late Mrs Brown had used. . Mr Brown had been a grocer, and had. shortly before his decease, procured a new stock of bill- heads, on which to send out his accounts to his customers. When his widow took np the lodging house business she made use of these bill-heads for her accounts, only crossing out the word grocer which followed "B. Brown." And now Effie used them in her turn. She had no proper right to do so, because her name was not Brown; but Bhe disliked to put her name on these bills, so she wrote the words " successor to" over the name "B. Brown." A lodging.house bill is not usually a very fermal affair, so nobody noticed the custom or inquired into its meaning. Her signature, " E. Bruce," was never very legibly written, and many people read it "E Brown." Of her own name she was secretly very proud, so proud that she would gladly have dropped it in her present obscure circum- stances. She was a poor hut solitary member of a great house, and sheiiad been reared in luxury and refinement. The ancle who had educated her kept a large establishment, and liked to have it full of company. Effie had had pretty gowns to wear, and horses to ride, and had known what it was to be flattered and courted AH the mistress of a house where hospitality was lavish and the company agreeable. She had known, too, all the triumphs of a pretty woman who had beautiful dresses and social advantages at her command. Her uncle's property, however, was entailed, and he had never saved any money. He had no children, and did not perhaps consider that Effie's claim on him could extend to a provision after his death. Probably he expected her to many ; and she might have done so if he had not died suddenly when she was only twenty. Three years had passed since then, and Effie had learned what it was to be poor and lonely. The kindness of her uncle's friends toward her had promised to be of a slack and uncertain sort, and she thought that she preferred independence. She was not qualified to take a really good placeas governess; but she had a lovely voice and great taste for music. She determined, therefore, to go to the city and take pupils.. She took lodgings with Mrs Brown, who had been her mother's maid twenty years before, and who continued to treat her. in spite of her poverty, with the deepest respect. But Effie had not prospered. She was not experienced in the ways of the world, and she avoided rather than songht her old friends. Often she had a difficulty in atyminfr enough to live. But Mrs Brown was very kind to her, and at last would have been glad to let her live in the house for nothing. Then Mrs Brown died, and it was found that she had left her furniture to £ffie. She had spoken of it long before to her servant, Sarah. " I bought it with money I saved when I was with Mrs Bruce," she declared," and it shall go back where it came from so long as I've no heir of my own to give it to. And there's many a daughter wouldn't have been as good as she's been to me in this illness. My bit of savings go to you, Sarah, as I've promised, because you've helped me to make them. But the furniture will help to keep a home for that poor young thing, and I don't see why the house shouldn't go on as before with you to manage it." The house had gone on as before, until the two maiden ladies who occupied the best rooms were ordered to the south of France for the winter, and the widow who had been a fixture for years in the diningroom snite went away to live with a married son. Then it was that Tompkins made his application, and was acceipted. Effie had thought that she would not like to take gentlemen as lodgers; but business could not be conducted on such principles of fastidiousness, and just now she was very short of pupils. So Mr Tompkins came. His coming seemed at first to make no real difference to Effie. It was about a month afterward that she came in very tired from a long walk. She had been giving lessons in the afternoon, and she had come through the dark on her way back. She sat down at the tea table in her little back sitting room, but ate nothing. "Come, now, Miss Effie, what's the matter ? " said Sarah, cheerily. " I can't tell you," she said, pushing her chair from the table and looking around her. It was a dreary place. She felt choked by the meanness of its dark and dingy walls. The life she lived seemed intolerable in itB proverty and loneliness. She had no friends in the world, nobody to speak to of her own affairs, except this good-natured servant. " Something has happened," said Sarah; I've never seen you like this before." "Ifs only," Effie answered, "that I've seen a ghost." Farther than that she would say nothing. At this time she had ceased to think of Mr Tompkins, leaving him entirely to the management of Sarah. He had, the week before, gone into the country on a visit, but he retained his rooms. "There'sa letter for you to look at, Sarah remarked, after a while, and Effie roused herself to open and read it. It wat addressed to Miss Brown, so she knew it contained nothing of any private interest. When, indeed, did any letter come to her that did? " It concerns you more than it does me," she nid, towing it Miosa to the nuwgmg Sarah; "ifsfrom Mr Tompkins. He has offered the use of his room to a Mend for a few nights, and the friend will arrive tomorrow. I suppose it will make no difference." " No, misB." That night Effie had strange dreams. Once more she lived in lofty rooms and wore beautiful raiment. Men smiled as she entered, and women caressed as they welcomed her. She listened to sweet music and pleasant voices, she wandered through gardens rich in flowers. It was a selfish and sordid dream, perhaps, but it was like a taste of heaven after the life she had led; and into that dream there came a voice pleasanter than any of the other, and the touch of a hand that made her own tremble; there was such a thrill of emotion in the meeting that she started ont of her sleep and awoke sobbing. Oh. how empty and ugly was the world about her! Sarah was kind to her, but no one else; and what could Sarah do to help her in her heart- loneliness P She was still but a tender young thing, and had been used for so many years to have at least the semblance of love about her. She had been petted and praised, all her wants had been ministered to, and her favor had been courted and valued. Now sho counted for nothing in the world where shillings were of more value than sweet looks. The world was sordid; people counted their pennies grudgingly into Boft young fingers, which had been made only—as it seemed in her old life—for the tender touches of friendship and love. She had met a man that day who belonged to her old life, who had helped her, indeed, to spoil it, and now she repeated to herself, " If I had nsver seen him 1" It was not that she had ever loved him, but that, in the wilfaln«8s of a happy time, she had let her intercourse with him vex and offend the man she had really loved. " How could I be so foolish i" she said to herself; and then she went on to murmur, thinking of the man she had loved; " I hope he will never know or guess what a mis erable thing I am now." She fancied that he would only pity and despise her, for he had never really loved her; and it seemed to her that already she had taken the tone of her surroundings, so that all grace and beauty had left her. " I might have been so happy now," Bhe said, and cried herself to sleep again. Mr Tomkine' friend arrived the next day, while she was oat with her pupils. 8hs was toiling wearily upstairs on her return, when his door opened and he said— "Sarah." She Htood still, her hand on the banister, but she did not look round; it seemed as if she had bean turned into stone. If anyone had been in front of her, he would have seen that her face was as white as it could well be, and that her mouth was drawn with a strong look of distress. But the ledger was below, and did not glance up; Sarah came hurrying oat of the kitchen, and while the two talked, Effie went on upstairs Blowly and Boftly. Wh<m she reached her own room she sat down by the bed; she was trembling all over now, and did not even attempt to take off her jacket. Instead of that she rang her bell, a thing she had not done for years, for the had long learnt to do* without personal attendance. The strangeness of the incident made Sarah hasten upstairs, \- « Who is that, Surah !" Effie asked. " Who were yoa talking to ?" " The new lodger—Mr Tompkins' friend I mean. He came half an hour ago." " But he is not going to stay J" " Why, ccrtainly, miia; you said yourself it made no difference." <> I did not know, then; bat it is impossible that he should stay." I'm afraid he'll have to. He's brought his things and everything, We can't turn him out, and why should we? He's never been rude to you, miss?" " Rude to me! He would be rude to no one. But—but—if he stays, I cannot; I must go," said Effie, wildly; and she began to tie her bonnet strings again. " Just sit still, and let me get you a cup of tea. You don't know what you're saying. You're tired to death." " I know quite well. He is Mr Lucas ; he is Paul Lucas, and he has come here I" "Lucas is his name, sure enough, but what difference that Bhould make I can't sea. You've taken cold," said the good woman, with auxions solicitude," and got put out about something. Get your things off and come downstairs." u I cannot come down, unless it is to go out and come back no more, I might meet him if I did." " I don't see how that would matter. He's a gentleman, and you say yourself he'd never be rude to anyone. I didn't think you were one to have inch fancies, just because he's younger than we thought," " Bat he would know me, Sarah." " I can't tell what you mean, Miss Effis, Have you met him before ?" " Met him ? He ought to have been—if I had n>t been a fool be would (have "been— oh, Sarah, how can I tell yon ?" and she put her head 'down on the coarse colored counterpane and sobbed bitterly. " Nay, miss, if you won't tell me, how can I help you ? Yet, if it's aa bad as this it would be best to know." " He is the man I was to—that my uncle wanted me to marry." " Ah!" said Sarah, light breaking in upon her, '* and you didn't like him," "Not like himl" said Effie, fiercely, the pent-up pasiion of long years breaking oat under this provocation. " X love him with all my heart. I wish he would speak to me to-night as he once did—only once before, and then that I might dig and have done with it, and forget the rest." "Good Lord!" said the woman, shocked as well as amazed. " I didn't think you were that sort." " I didn't think BO myself," said Effie; " but I am tired, tired to death, and I don't care what I Bay." ? Poor dear! You've had a bad time, and not wnat you've been used to," said Sarah, her sympathy returning. "Bat you don't mean to say that he diin't like yon ?" " He iidn't like me—much," said Effie, in (elf-scorn, "and I vexed him. So he went away." «• Well, now he's back it'll all come right," said Sarah, chcerfully. " You come down and get your tea—and how would it be if you waB to take his in on a tray as a surprise, and see what woulo come of it ?" Poor Effie! The bitterness of her position waB not likely to be understood by this rude but faithful friend. She had spoken almost abjectly of her love for Paol Lucas, and yet she would rather die than let him gaeBB her feelings/ or meet him at all in her present position. How could Sarah comprehend that F At last, however, she made it clear that she wculd not consent to remain in the house another moment if Mr Lucas knew that she was there; as she had nowhere else to go to, this threat was certain to make Sarah keep her secret safely. Then Sarah fought against Effie's desire to send Mr (Lucas away. There was no reason that could be given—if she tried to turn him out he would demand to see the mis trees. . "Then where would you be?" she asked. " It iB but a few days. You need never be on the stairs when he is in the house. I'll bring your things up and down for you, and you can go out the back way. He's not of the sort to pry into places that don't belong to him. He's too much the gentleman." So Effie agreed to do nothing desperate. Only she sat up in her celd room wrapped in a shawl until Mr Lucas went out. Then she crept down to the kitchen fire and had her tea. She was afraid of being alone at all while he was so near. She felt that if left tp her own thoughts she would be driven to do something strange. She might even get up and walk into the dining-room to say to him,— " Won't you forgive me, PauL I never loved any one but you." What could have been more dreadful than that P What desperate humiliation— what depths of ignoble self-scorn might not be expected to follow ? At least now she could, to some degree, respect herself, while she dwelt alone in her misery and he did not know it. CHAPTER IL The next day, Paul Lucas was walking alone through the park. He had but recently returned to England, and his thoughts were full of a girl whom he had loved before he went away. " I don't think he was werthy of her," he eaid to himself, "but it was natural that she should like him best. He had that sort of way with Viim. I was always so confoundedly cross, no wonder she hated me." He was walking briskly, for his disappointment had not injured his health, and he had prospered in die world since, which made it easier to bear his trouble without despondency. He did not notice at first that he was gradually overtaking a young girl who walked slowly as if she felt tired. Something in the way she carried herself at last attracted his attention, and startled him into further observation. It was like her, certainly, the girl he had been thinking of, but where was the old easy movement, the graceful action, the springy lightness of his memories ? Poor Effie! She was tired certainly, and had a blister on her foot. In the old days a walking tour on the mountains had blistered her foot once, and then she limped, but now she was so used to blisters that she had learnt to walk tenderly without limping. And then her boots were old; they were worn out of shape at the heel, and no woman can walk properly on crooked boots. She kept her pretty figure, and she held herself well, but her dress was very shabby; her jacket, like her boots, had worn out of shape, and was not in the present fashion, and her bonnet looked dilapidated from exposure to the weather. What was there in this proverty- stricken, dejected girl to remind Paul Lucas ef dainty Effie Bruce ? Effie Bruce, with the pretty feet always cased in perfect shoes —with the lovely shape always clad in the materials that fitted and became it best— with the birdiike head delicately poised and crowned with sunny hair and perfect millinery ? Yet he moved a little faster, and felt his heart begin to beat. Then she turned to look at him, and he knew her face, which was thinner, sadder, but not so much altered as the rest of her. " Effie I" he cried. Oh, Mr Lucas!" There was distress, almost despair, in her tone. She was hunted down at laBt, and could keep her miserable secret no more. But he heard only the words she had used. " 1 beg your pardon," he said; " I forgot that I was not Paul any more. I ought to have said Mrs Cliff." She stood still and looked at him then, her face pale with anger or some other emotion. "No," she said, "certainly not. By no means—that." " Not that ?" he said, his voice trembling a little; "you cannot be stall—Effie Bruce ?" " What else should I be ?" she asked, angrily. Then she remembered her own foolishness. and began to walk rapidly. "Effie, you must speak to me. I want to understand. Why should you ran away? It is no use—I shall go with you." This reminded her that by running away she would only take him where she least wanted him to see her go. She stood still and looked at him. " That would be cruel, indeed," she said. "And why P" Because I don't want to see yon ever again." " You are cruel to me now." " No; how could I be P Yoa don't know why. Oh, let me go away!" " I never deserved that yon should treat me like this. I car not bear to know nothing more of yon, to lose sight of you, without understanding. You look ill; you look—" " Poor! Yes, and you are sorry for me; but you need not be. I am quite well, and I have everything I want." " I have always thought of you as happy, and—"'he paused again; he was bungling a good deal, but he was too absorbed to feel it. " Prosperous P No, I have not prospered exactly, but I have all I want; and I have, always been—happy, quite happy." It was all she could do to keep the tears out of her voice, but she was determined to say no less. " How I must have vexed you, and how you must hate me," he said, mortified as well as amazed at her manner, for the bid quarrel need not surely have made so bitter a meeting as this between them. " Yes, you vexed me terribly, and I have hatei you ever since. Now, will you let me go?" He let her go, and stood watching her. She took the first turning that she came to, going far out of her way to avoid further encounters; then she was so tired that she had to take a cab to carry her back to her destination. She cried herself to sleep again that night, keeping her sobs subdued that he might not hear them in the room underneath ; and she said to herself many times over— " He is sorry for me, he is sorry for me, but he never loved me at all. I must go away from here, or he will find out the truth. Oh, Paul, Paul! once you nearly loved me, and now I might have been your wife. If only I could see yon no more, lest I Bhould tell you all the troth." And Le thought, as he smoked his solitary cigar,— " I wonder why I wasn't to know where she lived. It can never be that the rascal jilted her." In the darkness of the night Effie awoke; there was a sound of voices in her ears and a suffocating sensation in her throat. In a moment she understood the meaning of it, for the room was full of smoke. Some one was knocking at her deor, also, and calling to her, and she knew that it was Paul Lucas. '* Ifs all right, sir," she heard Sarah's voice say; "I'll wake her and bring her down." " There's no time to lose, the flames may catch the staircase directly, just underneath," and he struck at the door again. " If you'll go down, sir, and be trying to keep it back till the engine comes, I'll see that she comes down," said Sarah, who thought she understood the reason of Effie's silence. " I can't leave your mistress to suffocate up here, woman, for she may be suffocating at this minute—or surely she would answer us." Sarah was a stranger to him, and her conduct seemed inexplicable. The fire, which he had discovered, had originated in a little store-room under the staircase, where a small supply of oil was kept among other materials. Perhaps this woman, who seemed to manage the whole house herself, had set lire to it for her own purposes, and had intended that her mistress —some helpless old lady—should perish above. "To tell you the truth, sir, I don't believe she'll ever come out, not as long as you're here. If you will bat leave her to me," said Sarah, in despair. "Leave her to you; If she doesn't answer at once I will break the door down. It isn't a tame f "»r manners and ceremony." Effie had been dressing herself quickly end quietly. Her hands were trembling and her heart was beating. 8he did not want to answer Paul; she did not want to open the door and meet him. But now she must do something. The smoke had m»de her throat sore; perhaps her voice worM be hoarse and he would not recognise it. " I hear you," she answered. " I will be ready in a moment. You can go down." Paul stood as if thunderateuck. He turned to Sarah, and stared at her. "Who is in that roomP" he said. « Miss Bruce ? " "Who else?" said Sarah. "She'll never forgive me. I told yon to go a ray. " And you want me to leave her there ! Go down and save yourself. The staircase burnt into flame; you can't pass in another moment. No time for delay." He thrust Sarah towards the stvrs with one hand, and then, turning to the door before him, he struck it heavily with his fits; his intention was evident now; he was prepared to break it open. " Wait!" said Effie; "I will unlock it " He heard the key turn; he grasped the handle, and then she stood before him. She had dressed rapidly, and at the last moment had drawn on an old blue dressing grown; her hair was about her shoulders, her eyes bright with terrror and excitement. She looked as far removed from the helpless old lady he hai come to save as she well could do. " Effie 1" he said. " Paul 1" she answered, then covered her face with her hands. He thought he heard the staircase crackle behind him, and he waited for no more words; he took her up into his arms and carried her down. The boards were hot under HIB feet; and at one place the flame seemed to snatch at him as he passed, but he held the folds of her blue flannel gown close about her, and she at least was unhurt. The engines were arriving in front ot the house as he reached the ground floor; the flames, which were licking the sfoit case half way up, had not yet spread downward, and Effie's little sitting-room was still safe. Sarah was waiting at the door cf it, and thither he carried Effie. She had not stirred once since he had taken her into his arms, and she had turned her face away from his to his shoulder. "Now," he said, speaking to Sarah, "there is the old lady to think of—your mistress, Miss Brown." " I am Miss Brown," said Effie. Sarah had turned and fled; she had the house to consider; these young people could settle the rest themselves. The firemenhad already taken possession of the place; a landing window had been thrown open, and the engines were playing upon the fire; it seemed likely that they would soon be able to extinguish it; but Sarah must see that her mistress's goods were damaged^ a* little as possible. Paul made one run into the hall to see what was the position of affairs; then he hurried back to the sitting-room and shut the door. "EffiV* he said what are you doing here?" "I live here," she replied. Her bright and beautiful hair fell over her shoulders; she was glad te have it as a acreen to her face; the delicate lace at her wrists—for the old dressing-grown was a remnant of happier days—half covered the hands that she clasped together. She had sat down, with her head drooping; she was shy and felt ashamed, bat she looked more like her old self than she had done for years—more like the pretty, spoilt child of the past. Sarah had lighted a kitehen candle and put it on the table. It was burning there now. " In the same house with me," said Paul, " And I did not know." " I did not want you to know." He felt that he ought to go then, that there wae no reason at all to stay; but there was something in her shy and shrinking attitade that gave him courage. And, in fact, the embarrassment of her present condition had for the moment pat other embarrassments out of her mind. She wondered whether he had observed that she had thrust her bare feet into her worn slippers. He had observed nothing of the sort, but h^felt that the girl before him was not the girl he had met in the park, angry and cold. He could not lose his opportunity. He put his hands on the tightly clasped fingers under their fringe of lace. « affie," he said, " will you tell me why you did not marry him I" " I never thought of such a thing," said Effie, putting mora of her shoulder between herself and hex fa 26, He did not find the action discouraging. " Then yoa used him only as a moms of getting rid of me ?" She was silent but she took her hands fiom under his and hid them in her sleeves. He felt that the battle most be fought and won now, or lost altogether. "Because you hated me so much," he went .on, withdrawing a little in response to her own movement. " I did not hate you." " At any rate, you do now." She was silent again for a moment; then she said— " I don't know why yon should say so " "Because you like me to bB miserable." She meditated a little and clasped her hands together again, drooping her head more. " I don't know why you should be miserable." " Bee Mite yoa don't love me." She trembled and turned away from him altogether. " Yoa never loved me at all," she repliad. Some instinct told him that that turning away was the last act of resistance before surrender if he dare to take advantage of it. He put his arma about her and drew her back to him. " I love you now, at any rate. And I have loved you all the time." ** It ia because I am so poor and you are sorry for me," Effie whispered ; but her lipB were near enough for him to fee their movement like » caress, " I have no tfea how poor yoa are ; and I am not sorry f or yoa in the least. It is myself that I am sorry for." " Now ?'' she said undar her breath. "Well, not now—except that Sarah is turning the handle to say that the fire is out." "Law, miss," said that good woman, opening the door, " there's been a deal of damage done, bat not as much u. might have been expected, and we must jast make the beat of it. Mrs Jonts, next door, has sent in to Bay that you could sleep there, if you like, everything being so upset." Effie slept next door, leaving the trouble of putting everything to rights to Sarah and Mr Lucas, who showed himself downright obliging on this occasion, and, as Sarah said, "everything that a gentleman should be." When, a few weeks after, Miss Bruce returned to her old sphere of life as Mrs Paul Lucas, everybody wondered where in the world she had hidden herself meanwhile. Bat they had not been very particular in their inquiries about her when she was loBt to them, and so they felt it due to themselves not to be too exact in their questions after her restoration to their field of vision. Wherever she had been, she had acquired a dignity and distance of manner that had noc been hers before. Miss Brown's old houBS was kept on for years afterward by Miss S. Garner, whose Christian nam* was, as a few people remembered, Sarah, The house had a great deal of uw and good farniUre put into it by a Mr Lac&f;, who happened to be stayiag there at the time of a disastrous fire. So the neighbors understood. But what became of Mrs Brown's niece those neighbors never .knew. Some people said her name had not ireally been Brawn, b»t Branch or Brace, or perhaps Brough. These, however, ware vague traditions which were never properly eiacilated. She went away, and that part of the city saw her no more. Probably Miss S. Garner could have given her friends fartber information, but Bhe never did. 