AN ARMY TRACEDY. Br Joseph Smith. : ' Id the hot July of 1873 half a dozen troupe of cavalry were in the field, operating against Apaches, in that -little known .ection of New Mexico that lies between the Rio Grande and the Tulerosa. While K troop of the Twelfth was camped nt a spring in the country, aboht midway between tbe Ojo Caliente and the Tulerosa valley, it became a military necessity to send a despatch North to Fort Wingate. Corporal Henry C. Franklin and Private John Maguire were selected to perform this hazardous duty. They were experienced soldiers, seasoned horsemen, excellent marksmen, - fairly familiar with the country, and accustomed to Indians and their methods. They were directed to push for ward to their destination with all possible speed, and were cautioned to be constantly on the alert, for the Apaches were prowling in tbe Sierras in small bodies, watching like hawks for an oppor tunity to pounce on weak and careless scouting parties. The two soldiers were well armed, mounted on hardy, tireless, Californian horses, end were inspired with that euperb self- confidence and fearlessness of danger that are characteristic of American cavalry men ; andtheyrodeoutof camp as gaily as knights ever galloped to a joust, waving careless farewells to their envious com panions in arms. AU through . the hot July day they rode over the parched plain, keenly alert to the possible dangers of the country, and towards evening tbey saw tbe lone pino that marked the oool and welcome pool among the rocks in tho San Bias p&ss.; Tbey rode cautiously up the narrow trail, and carefully scanned tiie approaches to the spring ; but no living thing was astir, and there were no telltale marks in the trail to indicate the presence of evil and aggression in the ailent oasis. . But they bad not seen tbo hawks of the hiile, whose keen eyes had watehed their approach for many a mile, and who were hiding in tho pass below for the hour to come when they could pounce upon -their unguarded foes. A dozen Apachss were in the rocks, patient, tireless, cruel, who reckoned upon tlio savage pleasure of capturing tkeir prey alive, that they might joy their pitiless souls in an exquisite ingenuity of torture. Tbe soldiers rode boldly to .the spring, into which the whinnying horses thrust thoir thirsty mouths and hot noses luxuriously. The soldiers unsaddled and unbridled the horses, nnd after spreading the moist saddle blankets on the rocks to dry, they picketed tbo animals where tbe soant grasses grew thickest. Tbe habitof oaution impelled them toclimb tho trail to the pine before cooking their frugal supper, to assure themselves that plain and pass were free from danger. As they clambered up the hill the angry snorting of the horses made them turn end shrink behind tbe rocks. Their hearts stood still, for tbo Philistines were upon them. The Apsahes liad rushed from the shel ter of the rooks to seoure the horses, to cut off any escape of thoir prey, aud the frightened animals had betrayed tlism, for, suorting and kicking, they had brokon tiicir lariats and gone clattering down tho trail to the plain below. Tbe two soldiers felt, cold tromors run over them, for they knew that they had a fight to tlio death ahead of them, and they fully understood they would be dead or free long before any aid could ever reach them in that side track of the desert. " Creep up the trail, Maguire," said the corporal, calmly. "Ill eorer you anil follow you. Wc must hurry up, for they'll ollmb tbo hill down below and try and head us off. Our only ohancc ia to reach the pino and tho rock." Maguire. nodded oaoliy, and simply said : Don't shoot in a hurry, corporal. Wc have more timo than ammunition" ; and ho went up tho trail swiftly, halting behind, a boulder. Franklin caught a glimpse of tho Indians, but only a glimpse; for their own safety was of more importance 'than the ' capture of the soliliors. That woe only a question of time. ' Tlin corporal joined tho private above, and tlion both started on a run for the pine, amid the yelling and firing of the Indians, ' who had gained the summit further, down. sTliafc & four nnnnn frmn fliatr shelter Maguiro staggered, nnd as ho caught him Franklin eaw tbe blood guahing from liie breast ovar his grey sliirt. :As the men struggled Into tho shelter of the rooks, the wouniled man pitched over dead with a bail through Ilia hoad; and Franklin folt a hot, searing stroke on his cheek. Grief and rage surged through Franklin's breast, but ho kept his head, and from bshind his rocky breastwork drov'o the Indians to the shelter of tbo cedar, a hundred yards away. Hie ohcrk bone ached, and tho blood from bis wound' dripped on his ehirt ; bnt, though painful, ho know his wound was not dangerous, and he kept watah upon ills vigilant fos, glanoing betimes at his dead oorarade stretched limply at hie side. Darkness came, but hit ' steady , watch was maintained, tiro strain being relieved by an occa sional shot at his drooping enomlea, whioh mado them'oUaryof their wary' and desperate proy. Later tho' glare down tho pass told him that the Apaches wero cooking, and their vigilance re laxing. 'l'hey' felt oertain of their proy and could wait, and it was evident 'only a fow wero loft' to watoh the trapped man. Tlieh the' big ' All rights reserved. ' yellow moon etme up.-flooding tho P« with light, casting big shadows f?om."n4 and boalder. and illuminating the space thU separated the trooper and the Apaches. (W he saw an Apzehe flitting ghost like urn.!? cedars to raidh his fls&rC; FrankU.?! and the Indian's yell dbwnrau f Ur "er' / tempts. The rock, below and baik of Frankli jl pension were bnried in black ehadowe, made « the more dark by the contrasting light, and the desperate man determined to leave bij tran »ml endeavor to get round and btck of hie foe? into the mountains in the darkness. To co ont «! the moonlit valley bsek toward, the caral camp seemed too madly hazardous even to . man in bis desperate dilemma; for he rightlv imagined that when they learned his escape d Indian, would seonr the plain for their vict m A. a prehminaiy to his break, h. fired a coupli of shots haphazard at his foes, and his luck » rewarded by yells of rsg from tho Apache. Leaving this impression of vigilance, Franklin j"1 at bu poor dead comrade, and shuddering at tbe thought of the morrow's out- rage on that body, he dropped down from the boulders among the black ehadowe, and creeiiine at cautiously as a wolf, worked down and round the position of tho Indians. He plunged into the woods parallel with the pess, and worked toilsomely along until he stood on the cliffs above tbe western end of the pass/looking towards the Tulerosa Mountains. Two precious hours were lost in searching for a trail to ths plain below bat once on tbe level he ran over the plaio vaguely oonscioui of his direction, intent only upon placing miles between himself and the Apaches. The grey down found him at the bam of the Sierras, mauy a long mile from the Pan Bias Pas, tired, hungry, thirsty— and lost. Ho worked along into tbe woods, and lay downia the shadow of a rock and slept. He awoke un- refreshed, and pushed on, weak and hungry, but stouthearted. . How c'rneliy hot wot the son, and how sere end dizzy his wounded cheek made him. But he trudged along sturdily over the dusty, blis. tsred, son cracked earth, keeping a sharp eye for danger, and vainly searching among tbo arroyos and sun baked rocks for water. On and on he walked, np and down the mountains, across the valleys, and hugging tbe woods again, in a coun try that seemed at once familiar and strange to hiin. Nigbt overtook him weaiy and hungry, with a swollen face, a terrible thirst, and com pletely worn out. Tightening his belt to stay hi9 craving stomach, he lay down among tho liotildors on the summit of tire range to sleep ; but sleep brought him oblivion without rest, for thirst and his wound tortured him through the weary night, Tbe stars faded out at last, and the burning tyrant of the day came once more, and the tired, bloody faced mau started wearily down tbe mountain towards the valley that looked so liazy and beautiful below. Surely there mast bo water down there, cool,, blessed water: to moisten bis swollen tongue and ease tbe pain of bis wounded face, tint throbbed like a pulse. Tho glaring, staring hot sun beat down on him with fierce intensity, and his hot eyes saw everything in a haze. He rested at tbe foot of tho mountain, feeling in a vague way. that he omit pull himself together, and then be started wearily across the scorched and tortured plain where tho earth acemcd to swim in the white glitter of bitter alkali, whose hot dust burned into his cracked, moistnreless lips. God ! How that sun did blaze nnd glare 1 'iYas there any water in tho world ? any cool spot under tlieso copper skica ? Now Franklin began to speak aloud in a slraugely husky craoked voico ae be staggeied along oror the blistered plain, and his head began to grow light, and his eves to seo things that were not, and tbe buzzards in the sir aloft followed him with Awful iustlnot as one doooied to add his contribution to the bleaching bones ot the desert. Night came at last, and tbe worn ont, tortured creature dropped to the ground, to roll aud moan like a wounded beast, and to dream dreams of the cool springs and brooks hack ia the hills af New England. The prowling skulkers of the night came near and sniffed at him, only to fly at the sound of his strange husky moanings. So tlio night went, and the relentless sun rose up onoe more to torture man and oaitb. In a dim way, liko a man drugged, he seemed to know ho must push on, and he moved out into tbe white boat of the plain, staggering weakly, and waving tbe gun ho still clung to, until his feet walked mechanically into a beaten trail tint his eyes did not see nor his mind grasp. Oa aud on lro ataggercd, growing weaker and more indecisive, and tlion he dropped in the hot plain witli a faint sighing gasp, aud the world slipped away from him. And when tiro snows had whitened tho Sierras and had thrown tho mantle of their whit abarity over plain and mesa, cahon end arroyo, they foil like a benediction upon tho pile oi whitening bone that lay in the trail in tee Tulerosa Valley, adding another mystery totns desert, and indicating that another nien e® passed on in death to oblivion.-/iaiptr« Weekly. ' 