Ctttmh*. Mr" Coot. Cricket. Pleasant. Decreases. Cool wind. Grass firea. Sea tragedy. Ruinous law. Continental*. Small savings. Colonies poorer. Revenues down. Trade a bit dull. Military fuoeraL Law reformers sad. Business spurt over. Squeezing prooesses. " Domestic reasons." A Monte Carlo horror. Victoria off to London. Terrible tale of tbe sea. The age of Conferences. Victoria all out for 181. The Ghost of Napoleon. Dead March in "Saul." Pantomime still the rage. Land a drug ia the market. " A living symbol of unity." Little kiddies lost and found. Some economies are healthful. Jarvis making np for lost time. Charles Heme, the artist, dead. This must be a year of economy. Only two more nights o£ the Fiaks. Barometer at 1 o'clock to-day, 29 "82 ' Wholesome letter by Rev. J. Blacket. That changdtcame ia the nick of time. ReffUter orioket board closely studied. Is the oolony living beyond its'means! Obit.—Baron Sandford, aged seventy. No " surplus" and rfo " sinking fund:" Burns in tbe asoendant just at present. Luxuries are being out off on all hands. A new tenor at the Continentals to-night. Lawyers haven't done with-the Age oase yet. The Duke and Duchess hope to eome later on. Ida Osborne sings at to- night's Continentals. Gladstone giving the Commons very little : ^ rest. Paterfamilias looking askanos at holiday bills. V 7^ Mrs. Fitzgerald severely injured at the Circus. ' "• ' Mr. Tomkinson ont for the Southern District Better prices would revive ear spirits wonderfully. New Australians are delighted with their territory. Sicilian rowdies in aims against the tax collectors;' '• . ' - •" • Plenty of English " bosses" even ia te Paraguay. Speight and Syme greyer, wiser, «addex, aad poorer. A ninety-two days' trial with an, impotent conclusion. Labour party in the rear of the gallant Mr. Tomkinson. " Intercolonial Labour Conference in Sydney on the 18tb. Bank lotteries won't improve the worlds "opinion of as. , '„'•'• Wholesome drinks, and trait kaekmn is good demand. Australians finding that they are living too extravagantly. -,--'; High prices wonld. .make n* forget the troublous agitator. The Bank of Van Diemen'a Latad getting up a huge lottery. Lawyers know better than go to law, except for other people. . Where would the South Australians be Without George 5 Six Labour candidates talked about lor Aa Central District. ''—-•. We will hope to see our future King and Queen next year. Why have the Hon. G. C. Hawker's servioes been overlooked ? "Jno. Blaaket" has no patience with any of the social cunalls. En route to New Australia by Mr. G. W. W. Pope oa page 4. What a lot of loafers the New Australians have for neighbours. A thrilling narrative —tbat of tha xeeotted oook of the ill-fated Alert. When onr pockets are empty, tbe best thing to put in them is our pnde. >. A girt suicide and a would-be reeouer drowned off Albert Park.Pier. . Do what we will, we ue about 100 yean behind in news from the etans. Our Lieutenant Governor the President of the Australasian Home Readers. Too little eeoArity ior property in Paraguay amid so many thieves and loafers. -Crowned heads all profeesing to be filled with thoughts of-peaoe and goodwill. A Battery Field Artillery lose a food oQm< rawie in the death of A. E. Chapman. Under the Paraguayan flag. . Well, tile Crambmaa profess the old Uaftm Jamie. The ladies look charming .in their summer promenade dresses** the Continentals. Sun rose at 4.54 a.m. ; Bets at 7.16 p.m. Moon rose at 1.31 a.m.; sets at A12 p.m. Artisans bewailing that there isn't a single scaffolding pole in any of the main streets. Hundreds of women- to tens of men is Paraguay. And smokers aad oheweis, too— ugh! . The Sydney Government has seat ont over 2,000 unemployed to fossick for gold. Results good. "South Australia is over-dosed and over-' doctored. She needs a little rest."—Rev. J. Blacket. Mr. Playford has a grand ohanoe for teach* ing us all the duty of living within one -incomes. Grandma and papa very pleased, but can't consent to the Duke and Duohisssoonfing this year. Better bear almost any injustice than go .to law seems to be the great lesson of the Ape libel case. Rev. John Blaoket ready to contribute £2 2s. to a fund for shipping land agitators to Paraguay. Rev. John Blacket doesn't spare the men of bis own oloth who are agitating for an increased land tax. Th6 costs in the Age oase will amount to nothing less than £25,000, and may possibly absorb £40,000 or more. A law to prevent advertising in' rural districts would be beneficial here. Onr Hills roads are much dis&gured.; The writer of the ohatty letter from Paraguay in to-day's issue, is believed to have since left "New Australia." The law of libel leaves far too muoh to merely Speculative actions by worthless claimants backed by needy or scheming lawyers. One of those " figuring folk" who hat gone into the subject, declares that there are about 120,000 hairs on the head of a man—if he is not bald. The Manchester Ship Canal cost £15,000,000, and took over six years to construct. That dosen't look like'decadence of < British , commercial enterprise. Mr. J. O'Connell says that when people make lond professions, they require all the more careful watching. Many of us know it from hard experience. It is calculated to give one a strange sensation when be looks up at a.starlitsky to think that the vibrations tbat are falling on bit eye left the etars about a century ago. - Won't Mr. Blacket agree that; we am suffering terribly from the reaction, accelerated by. low prices for produce, from boom values both for land and all kinds of boaineeees ? • In Rundle-street east, on a hot..evening,- there is to be beard an unseen songster, aooompauied by harp, rattling off the lyrie.gemt of Scotland. That bird is well taught. An American writer, in making fun of the charge of st-lfi-hness against England, onoe wrote—" Great Britain is at her old game, pursuing her own selfish aims, while all tha other nations of the world are pursuing the aims of others without the slightest regard to the consequence*." 