Alleged Sly Grog-selling. Eva Hamilton, an attractive girl of 17, des cribing herself as a barmaid, was arrested on Saturday night by Sergeant Carberry in a wine shop at 120 King- street on a charge of having sold liquor, to wit, beer, without being the holder of a licence or the servant or agent of such holder. She was brought before the Water Police Court this morning, and on the application of Mr. R. D. Meagher, who appeared for the defence, a remand until Thursday next was granted, bail being allowed in .£40. Mr. Hftynes, M.L. A., has been accorded a public vote of thanks by the people of Wee Waa for 'his vigorous and independent action in the matter of the Narrabri-Moree railway pro posal.' Sir George DibbVs frenzied reference at Dubbo to the presence of bloodthirsty anarchists in this country, and the necessity for everyone to carry a pea-shooter, is described by a political wag as Dibbs's ghost, after the Btyle of the Kiama ghost. Enoch Rudder, a candidate for the Hastings and Maeleay, addressed a meeting of electors in the Theatre Boyal, Kempsey, on Friday. Mr. L. L. BosheU, J.P., occupied the chair, and there were about 300 persons present. Mr. Rudder's address occupied one hour and a quarter. The candidate declared himself in favor of protection. A vote of confidence in Mr. Budder was declared carried, but most of those present abseained from Mr. J. -J. Griffin (Mayor of Hurstville) addressed a well-attended public meeting of the electors of Marrickville at Dulwich Hill, on Saturday evening. Mr. Harris presided. Mr. Griffin delivered a long address explanatory of his views. A vote of thanks was accorded the speaker at the close. A public meeting, under the auspices of the Balmain North Labor Electoral League, was held on Saturday night, Mr. S. Kirkby in the chair. Addresses were delivered by Messrs.. Corcoran (vice-president Trades and Labor Council), Kelly (president San Francisco Firemen's -Union), and Shaw (president of the Fitzroy Labor Electoral League). The following motion-was carried: ' That in view of the approaching general elec tion this meeting pledges, itself to endeavor to return a candidate favorable to the labor plat form.' 