FARMERS' AND SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION. COMMITTEE MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Committee of elie Central Queensland Farmers' and Selec- tors' Association was held at tho rooms of Mr. W. H. Stcnlake on Saturday afternoon. There were twelve present, and Mr. J. O'SliRiiesy (President) was in the chair. 00RKKHPOKDENCK. A letter was received from the Secretary of the Rockhampton Agricultural Society, asking the association to appoint two dele- gates to meet a like number of delegates from tho Agricultural Society, the Central Queens- land Dog and Poultry Club, and thu Rock- hampton Cottage Garden and Horticultural Society for the purpose of considering the question of amalgamating the four bodies. The PRESIDENT Haid the object for which the association was established WSB to Bettie the market question, and us that question was still in a very unsatisfactory state he did not think it would hu wise to amalgamate. (Ap- plause. ) It WAS not as if the association was opposed ti the Agricultural Sucicty. Un the contrary, all its members, he believed, were members also of thc Agricultural Society, and the association was willing to assist thc society in any way it could. (Hear, bear.) Mr. D. WiniKLKV moved that thc Secretary be instructed to acknowledge receipt of the letter, and to state that ns thc association had no intention of amalgamating at present it was not necessary tn appoint delegates. Amalgamation, he thought, would narrow thc association's lines of action end render it more useless than it might bu now. The Agricultural Society hud been ill chronic difficulties--practically fossilised-for the past ten years, and thc management of it seemed to be utterly incapable of making it move ut all. So for the association to practically kill itself, ns it would hy amalga- mating with a semi-corpse, would bc Bimphy suicidal in the highest degree. Besides, it would be no advantage to the society for the association to join with it, for fully seventy five per cent of the members of thc associa- tion, he thought, were also members of the society. Further than that, though the lines of action of the two bodies wore in some coses parallel, in others they were not thc same.-Mr. M. Hon*s seconded the pro- posal. He said the farmers would not bc able to aBk the society to meet so often as it would be necessary to do sometimes, and, beeide», thc market question had not been settled, and thc farmers did not intend to give up the ghost there yet awhile.-Mr. D. WHITEI.KY: We have a wider basis than tba:.-Mr. M. HOOAN: I know that. We can work as well with the societies as they areas banded together.-Mr. D. WHITELEY : Better. -The motion was carried. NEW MEMBERS. Two new members were elected on thc pro- posal of Mr. D. Whiteley. THE AN KITAL PICNIC. The SKCRETAUY (Mr. f\ Whiteley) said the sub-commiltec appointed at the last meeting to make arrangements for thc annual picnic on Wednesday, the 14th instant, and thc ploughing matches that were to be held in connection with it, had met that morning, and drawn up a programme, which would be advertised in the daily papers on Monday, and in the Capricornio.» on Saturday next. The picnic would take place on Mr. F. A. Morgan's ground, Lionleigh, Lion Creek, and all arrangements would be made for it by u sub-committee of four ladies. He hoped there would be a good attendance. The notice was short, and he trusted members would let their neighbours know all about it at once. As on former occasions, each one would bring his own food, with a little to sparc for others. GENERAL BO.-INENS. Mr. T. Whiteley was re-appointed secre- tary, and Mr. E. Adams treasurer. '/lie Secretary was instructed to write to the Rockhampton Municipal Council, point- ing out that on the recent wet Saturday the rain beat into the market building and des- troyed produce, and requesting that the pre- mises be put in order as soon as possible. Thc PRESIDENT said that at the last meet- ing he had promised to read a paper on some of the grasses that were being cultivated at the Botanic Gardens, and which members saw growing there on tho occasion of their late visit ; but, as thc annual meeting was also fixed for thc afternoon, he had thought there would not be time lo read it. How- ever, he would say a few words about the guinea grass, which he had been acquainted with in this district since 1868. lt would grow in poor stony soil to a height of 4 ft. or 5ft., and on rich agricultural laud to 8ft. and 9 ft. No pasturage that he knew of would stand the same amount of feeding, and even in the driest season it had a good shoot of green blades. It was well worth introduc- ing on thc many siouy ridges about thc dis- trict, where no other grass would grow, and was very easy of propagation. All that had to bc done was to divide a bunch into pieces, und stick the pieces in the ground. For the next meeting he should prepare a paper on the nut gross and how to exterminate it. Thc nut grass hod lrng been growing about Rockhampton, and it had gained such a hold that in some places giound had had to bc abandoned to it.-Mr. D. WHITKLKY said he thought it would be as well to appoint a sub- committee, os had been done on former occasions, to arrange for a series of papers, because, however valuable the papers of one member might be, there was need of variety ; in fact, he would propose that a sub committee composed of tue President, Messrs. M. Hogan, A. Ziebig, E. R. Car- penter, J. Cairns, and the mover be elected to arrange for papers for the next six months. Speaking of the guinea grass he stated he had sometimes seen it looking very dry : but he had known it to climb to the top of a fence 4 ft. C in. high in seven days after a very heavy fall of rain. As the President had remarked, it waB easy of propagation. It could be raised cither from roots or seed, and all they had to do was to throw tho seed down anywhere so long as it was on loose soil. -The PRESIDENT : The soil must bc clean. Mr. D. WHITELEY : No. I have thrown it down among lida relusa, and couch grass, and buffalo grass, and it has killed the lot - Mr. E. R. CARPRNTRR said be had grown guinea grass, and he did not think it was of much nutritivo value. His cattle would go away from it ; in fact, not even goats would esc it. As for it stand- ing dry weather, he had seen it go quite dry after a spell of heat. All he used it for was thatching thc roof of the dairy ; but it rotted very quickly.-Mr. T). WHITELEY said stock did not care about the grass after it had reached a height of 3 ft. ; but if it were cut before it attained to that altitude, and con- verted into chaff, they would eat it greedily. His experience was that chaffed it was ae food for milk cowa ss sorghum.-Mr. !. ADAMS said ho had Been the grass growing in the district nineteen ol twenty years ago, and hu had never seen an acre of it anywhere. Had anyone else i-The PRESIDENT said thc largest patch he had seen was half-an-acrc. As for its nutritive pro perties, Baron von Mueller said it wat amongst thc moBt nutritive that had boen in traduced into Australia,-Tho SECRETARY said he would second Mr. D. Whiteley's pro posai to appoint a sub-committee to arrange for papers, and he should just like to sa) that he hod never seen anything leave guinea grass. - The motion was carried. This was all the business. 