LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, June 22, 1894. The eyes of the mothers of England are fixed just at present on the White Lodge, where an "interesting event" has for some days been "momentarily expected." Need- I Jess to say the preparations for the advent of the ycutlifnl stranger into this vale of tears have been made on a most elaborate scale. Mr. ABquitfa, as Home Secretary and the newest thing in family men, will be Minister in Attendance, and a fire-engine is kept faar neaeed night and day to oonvey him at full gallop from Gmldford (where the right hon. gentleman and bis wife are staying) to the scene of action. The Archbishop of Canter bury must also be present, so he too is on the gut live, whilst some hundred leaser func tionaries lie in ambueh around Richmond anxiously waiting. The engagement is announced of Sir. J. M. { Barrie—whom I am glad vo cay has beoome quite convalescent—to Miss Mary ■? nn.ll, the i;lm:minK young actress who played in "Walker, London." Though it hasouiy just bt yd made public the pair hare beta affianced severai months, and Miss Anaell left the stage tome time ago. I have net tb6 lionor of the young lady's acquaintance, bnt if ehe is half as sweet and good as ehe looks Mr. Barrie will be a happy man. The Matter of the Bolls mast have believed the Claimant alias Mr. Arthur Orton dead, or he would never have been injudicious enough to refer-to that notoriety as "? man of un equalled nerve and great natural abilities." Ifce observation ocountd, needless to Bay, in the courre of Sir George Je&sel;'s panegyric on the late Lord Chief Justiue, but " the unfortu nate nobleman" is not the man I take him to be if he doesn't manage to get "stood" many Jong and etroag drinks on the strength of the com pliment*. Sir George only expressed the opinion of the whole legal profession when he characterised Sir JohnColeridge'a cross-exami nation of the claimant as the most masterly of our time. No one, he said, cvi doubt that it broke down the case as no evidence could have done, and had an effect which no evidence oould have had. An old lawyer recalling the scenes of that memorable, leac in the WettmiiuUr Gazelle says:—lt is not too much to cay that it was largely owing to the merciless effect of this '"^tphl* tion that the plaintiffs counsel oleoted to be nonsuited. Day mfser day the oorpulent creature, wearing faultless kid gloves to dis guise his fat bands, eat in the box to be riddled through and through with a fire of queetione, the answer to every one of which only tended to reveal more and more his profound ignorance of everything the real Roger Ticbbome should have known. Question after question began with the formula, "Would you ba surprised to hear?" until it became the joke, not only of the law courts but also of the comio papers and the bumorina of the minor stage, it is questionable if the tigoifioanoe of this memor able cross-examination, regarded as a forensio tour dc force, has ever been adequately re cognUed outside the legal profession. The Tichborne case made so many repu tations—it also marred a few!—that it? particular incident* are apt to be belittled and personal records to be somewhat dulled. I was present in court on several oooaskms while it was progressing, and I know that the effect it had on my mind was to conviut the Claimant out of his own mouth of being the greatest impostor of the century. It was all donesohlaudiy too. No bullying, no hector ing reminders to the witness that he was on his oath. All was courteous, even dulcet. It was nevertheless the very reSnement of torture, the very acme of inquisitorial pitilessness, to keep the miserable wretch for day* at a stretch on tbs rack of aa exposure absolutely un exampled in ita searching completeness. The badgered liar sot flurried, mopped his perspir ing face, and made desperate attempts to bluster his way out of the ambush into which his skilled questioner had entrapped him ; but that qneeboner, with bis blind xmiio and soft seductive manner, went on just the same, without baste and without rath. Never was irony more perfect than the affectation of grateful surprise with whioh some of the CUimant'e eeli- convicting answers wen re ceived by Sir John. One of the most sensational cases in which the late Lord Chief Justice appeared as & young advocate was the Eoad murder trial. Mr. (afterwards Sir John) Karalake conducted foe the Crown, and Mr. Coleridge had been instructed by the prieonerV (Constance Kent} family to defend her. On being Arraigned, however, she at onoa pkwdtd guilty. The cir cumetanoss of that mysterious tragedy, which for many months was the absorbing topio of public interest, are well nigh forgotten now. The baby brother of Coostaace Kent had been taken from its cot in the dead of night and ionlly murdered. Suspicion fell on several members of the household, bus the crime oould not ba brought home to anyone. Con stance Kant herself was arrested on the charge, and a strong prinia facie oaee was made out against her, chiefly through the circumstanoa that one of her nightdresses was nii-'"qr, but the elrilful advocacy of Mr. (now Sir Peter) rdlin induced the magistrates to dismiss the case, and it would probably have remained an undiscovered crime if the guilty person had not, moved by religious infioenoes, come for ward 6v? years afterwards of her own accord t-> pay the penalty of her crime. As Boon as the plea of guilty was recorded Mr. Coleridge rose amidst a stillness that was painful, and with deep emotion attend the following sentences:—"As counsel for Constance Emilia Kent, acting in ber behalf and by her direct instructions, I desire to say two things before your lordship passes sentence. First, and aolemnly, and in the presence ot Almighty God, as a person who values her own boul, she deftres ms to say that the guilt is hers only, and out ber father and others who have bo long suffered moat unjust and cruel sospiounu are wholly and absolutely inno cent. Next ehe desires me to Bay that she was nos driven .to this act, as has been asserted, by any unkind treatment of her mother-in-law. She met with nothing at borne but tender and forbearing love, and I tope I mar add, my lord, uot improperly, that it irives me a melancholy pleasure to be made the organ of these statements, because ob my honor I believe them to foe true." The j words were few; tbey added little to the! prisoner's own confession, bnt tbey seemed to i shoes who heard tbttm to be charged with a solemn meaning. As a judge, curiously enough. Lord Coleridge was not a great j success, though bis silver voioeand his splendid dienLty made him seem an ideal one. Lord Edward Cecil, of the Grenadier Guards, who wa& married on Monday afternoon last in great style to Admiral Maxse's daughter Violet, is the fourth sen of the Marquis of Salisbury, sad a rather heavy-looking man. None of the! young Cecils seem to inherit their father's I abilities. LordCranbournebag"eide"enough! tor himself and all his ancestors put together, and is famous in the House for his manners. His younger brother, the rector of Hatfield, one has heard good things of, but what, I don't tor the moment remember. Miss Violet Maxee is a beauty, and said to be both -witty and " brainy "—a favorite Girlon word—aba The marriage was solemnised at St. Saviour's. Walton-street, and of coarse the elect of ehe beau-monde filled that sanctuary. Ex perts pronounced the bride's dress strik ingly simple and conventional. She wore no jewels, but the most exquisite natural orange blotsoms, and her bouquet of Odonto glossom Alexandria and white roses waa some thing to wonder at. The bridesmaids, as usual in smart society nowadays, were four small but blue-blooded damsels, viz.. Lady Marjorie Manners, Hon. Mabel Palmer, Hon. Beatrice Cecil, and Miss Barbara Jekyll. They were prettily dressed in some pale mauve material striped with satin, with yokes and puffed sleeves of white chiffon and large chip hats trimmed with clusters of violets. The bride- groom presented them with enamel brooches bearing the initials E.C., with a violet entwined. The prevailing note of this wed- ding was severe simplicity and good taste. Flowers alone were in profusion, and these were superb, in fact the pick of the Hatfield hothouses. For once, too, "O perfect love" did not figure in the programme, "Gracious Spirit, Holy Ghost," and " Now thank we all our God" being the hymns sung. Lord Salis- bury, Mr. Balfour, Mr. John Morley, and Mr. Asquith signed the register. The most re- markable feature of the long list of presents is that no royalties figure amongst the givers, even her Majesty's Indian shawl for once being conspicuous by absence. The Marquis of Salisbury looked far from well, and it is openly said he suffers from an internal com- plaint which will prevent his ever again assuming the responsibilities of Government. The news of Sir William Uaroourfs pending retirement from public life which I sent yon some weeke back is now eemi-publicly con firmed. Mr. " Lulu" Haroourt will also be seen no more in the lobby after the present session. I think it improbable Sir William meditates taking a peerage, as Mr. Lulu,' it is said, means to do something in the city; or to use the more grandiloquent phrase, n> "enter upon mercantile pursuits." The days when it was appropriate to niok name a certain, royal personage "Turn-Turn" are no more. Under the fostering care of the great anti-obe«ity expert, Dr. Towers-Smith, bis Koyal Highness* waist has beoome nearly, that is to cay almost, slim. " Laboy," too, who threatened at one time to grow positively tubby, has likewise reoantly put off much solid flesh. '"lay Pay" gossiping on this phenomenon in the weekly Hun says:— Among the many peculiarities of that strange and unique character—of whom, probably, the memoir writers of the future will write more tbau of any tuan of our time not a great minister—l mean Labby—among his pecu liarities in an inordinate love of medicine—an almost insane desire to reduce his weight to shadowy aud transparent limits. When iirst I knew Labby in the House of Commons, he threatened to have an old age of rotundity, that would have made him resemble a Fasha in his declining yean. But Labby took to' Banting; has gone nearly every year to a German or Austrian watercure. swearing all the time that they are absolutely inefficacious j and has added to the rigid teetotalism he has practised throughout his life very severe rules as to dietary. The result is that he is now ■> very thin man. Bnt the craze for taking medi> cine never leaves a man or woman on whom if has once fastened ; and Labby goes about witl E&ocharine; tabloids and half a dozen otbei drugs in portable form. The other day, eit> ting next him at tea-time, I saw him take out I brown and not very appetising-looking cab* loid and swallow it just before be took his tea> This is a bran new drug, bnt now that I ant about to mention its qualities, real or sup posed, I quite expect to find it universally adopted, for the desire to grow thin may be now described as the master passion of Lon don eooiety. This tabloid is supposed to re duce you in weight at the rate of about a stone a fortnight, leaving yon at the same time perfect liberty to eat and drink aa much. as you like. It is the gland of some animal; and I have come to the conclusion that it must be the thyroid gland. The introduction of this thyroid gland acts by strengthening the weak part in jour own system, and by purifying or strengthening the blood extracts from the system the unhealthy elements which pro3uce obesity. One man boasts that he has reduced himself from 17 et. to 15 et. weight within the space of six weeks, and all the time has enjoyed himself to his beartfa content. 1 am sure this new tabloid will soon be found in the waistcoat pocket of every diner-out in the metropolis. I have said that to get thin is dow the dearest and highest goal of London Bociety ; I know no stronger proof of this than the present appearance of the Prince of Wale* —the leader oJ London society. Some months ago I was invited to the dinner of the Middlesex Hospital, and I wa£ clad to go because 1 regard that hospital as one of the very best managed institutions in London and because I have more than one good friend connected with ib The Prince of Wale* was in the chair. I had not seen the prince for a considerable time, and I was astonished by the difference in his appearance. He has beoome quite a nice young man again, and 1 should add that be made one of the best chair men I have ever met. The prince' is only one of many emancipated people who are -ravine about Dr. Towere-Smith—a physician whom I do not personally know, and have never even seen. Dr. Towere-Smith has restored elasticity and lightness to tile middle- aged, and has given back her trim and yonthfnl waist to the matron, and is in short the theme of prayer and praise and gratitude wherever I go. Me Chaplin, who used to have to pay an annual visit to Carlsbad, now goes instead to see Dr. Towers-Smith, and though he etfll speaks on the wrongs of agriculture with profundity does so from a mnoh-actennated frame. Per haps Dr. Towers-Smith believes in the thy roid gland tabloid. * * i The grand finale to a splendid afternoon's sport at Herne Hill on Saturday was a Ten mile Bicycle Race with pacers, which re sulted in the destruction of Stock's ten-mils record by Mr. A. J Watson, of tie Poly technic. The principal riders were Scenes, of the Surrey Bicycle dub; Henies and Dance, of Catford ; Lambley, of the London County; Lewi;. Stroud, J. Green, of tire Comet Club; Hash, Platt-Betta, Camp, and Watson. To a very even start the riders were sent on their journey, from the first Aa pace ruled fast* and by file time the first m3o was covered a tail had been established. Watson led at the second mfle(4 mid. 34| tec). bnt soon after Green went ahead;' and *he third mile produced a fresh reocrd, vit, 6 mm. 63 eec Then Henies toot the lead and' kept it until the seventh mile was negotiated, his times being—Four miles, 9min. 4f sea; five miles, 11 mm. 27J sea; six miles, 13 thin. 48J ccc.; seven miles, 16 mm. 2| sec. Watson west to the bead of affairs next, and so bo* bjri the paoe become that only five of the com petitors were still fflJimg I&ght; miles, 18 mm. 26 sea, saw Watson careering madly and Soanes in close pursuit. Xbe I*wl*t finished bib ninth mile in SO mm. So| sec* and putting in all be knew for the last laps, die Polytechnic wheeler reached the end- ot In* jonmeyin23min.4f eec,, thus beating J. W. Stock's English record of 23 mm. 20 ccc. by 15{ eec and equalling L. G. Mentje'« American record. In the ran hom? Soanes beat Henies for second honors, finishing aboct 150 yards in' the rear ot the winner. He also beat the Eng lish previous best by 2f sec fienis? got home in ?wiw 37£ aoo. They have gotten themselves into a pretty self-government piolde in New Ireland—* mean Newfoundland. This petiifogginff colony has apparently one peculiar fonoaon in tbe Empire, and that $s So show how colonial seU-govemment can be reduced to analwinlity. The statesmen of Newfoundland a short time ago did their level beat to set the mother oountary and France at loggerheads over the matter of the French treaty rigbi? mtta Newfoundland fiaherifce, and. in «pite of aa «mi<?M? arrangement having bean atrirada* between Francs** and TJngiwifl long''a£D-:i)6 actual ««?m-i«<hi««b? of the dispute iuw been possible by reason of the oontamaoiooa rejection of her Majesty's Hhnatenr' very fair proposals by the isknders. And now die colony. has contrived to brim; about an absolute deadlock in itE owndomfietuy affairs from whioh itisdifficult toseeacy issue creditable at once to the home and colonial administration. The history of tins q*"tl""*"? crisis might well serve as groundwork for one of the jocular absurdities which Messm. Gil bert & SulU van pro vide for this Savoy Theatre. The Island House of Assembly was returned (by manhood suffrage) with a two-ebirds majority in favor of Sir William Whiteway. His creatnree and himself numbered four-and twenty, the total representation being 36. Hardly had the nrrminn commenced titan no less than 17 petitions were presented against the return of members of the . White way faction on the ground of . bribery and corruption. The accusations in cluded the giving of money, profuse promiees of employment upon public works to all who voted for diem, and a lot of minor illegal vote-catching expedients. Sir Win. Whiteway'a seat was attacked, and alaotha* of Mr. Emerson, the Speakerof the Assembly. In spite of vigorous efforts to cause delay the courts decided' against one defendant after another. The pontoon was Retting nttedy un tenable, co Sir William and his majority pro posed to have a dissolution, and co whitewash in the most convenient ■"■?"? <*«? rmlirimiia of their party accused of wrong- doing. But the Governor, acting it is believed on stringent orders from Downing-street, refused to dis solve, ao the Ministry resigned, and, backed up by their majority, proceeded to refuse supplies and obstructed business, which th^y could do with foil effect seeing that tb? minority was not large enough to even form a quorum. The Revenue BUI ran out, but the Governor costumed, to insist span payment of Customs. The Speaker wrote home calling attention to this threatened out rage on "cosstitQtional principles," and at onoe assumed the role of Colonel Hampden. He appeared at the Cu?toms House and insisted opon die delivery of a parcel. directed to him without payment of dues. On refusal he takes possession by force, being backed up by a riotous crowd. And so began the straggle between the tyrannical Governor and a people struggling to be oonstitutiaoaUy tree. As the St. Jameit Gazette remftrtw, "it would 'be difficult for ingenuity to devise a more complete reduetio aA absurdttm of colonial eeu-governmeat than this. A pompous pretence of a constitutional crisis is got up for no other purpose than to extricate a number of politicians from the con?equenoee of their own alleged conopt practioea. The leader of the majority and the Speaker of the House, who are both personally concerned, are active promoters in the manoeuvre. To complete the comicality of the situation the Governor is obviously pre pared to pay no attention to tie grand oao?ti tutional tall talk of the majority, and the police seem perfectly ready to obey bis orders. What issue there is to be to this muddle we cannot well guess, but we are prepared to suggest that the Colonial Conference at Ottawa may reasonably be induced by the whole eeries of transactions in Newfoundland to ask whether it is not in the highest degree ridiculous that a colony on this scale should ba endowed with all the apparatus of an indepen dent Government If ever there was a practical argument for federation of the colonies it is here. Newfoundland has a population about as I huge as Brighton scattered over the coast of a very large island. It is in fact a large thinly inhabited parish, and its ' Ministry* behaves not much better than a country vestry. When this body is threatened with investigation, it' strikes an attitude and begins flourishing the constitutional long sword with the most heroio gestures. Is it not absurd that a community of this type, which has neither extent and variety of population to lift it above the parochial level nor the wealth and extent! whioh would give it a sense of responsibility, should be in possession of a Government as f ally armed as that of Canada or New South Wales, and be able to embroil Great Britain with her neighbors as easily as it can bet its own Assembly and Governor at loggerheads f 