ADDITIONAL TELEGRAMS. (From our Exchanges.) LONDON, APRIL 17. Some time ago a gentleman named Hall purchased from the Earl of Abingdon a property called Cumnor Place, with the view of acquiring the actual house in which Amy Robsart (the heroine in Scott's novel, "Kenilworth," was imprisoned), and which was said to be haunted by her ghost. Mr Hall has instituted an action against the Earl of Abingdon, claiming the cancella tion of his bargain on the ground that the property purchased is not, as he under stood when buying it, really " historic." A verdict was eventually given for the defendant. Telegrams from Buenos Ayres report a disastrous explosion on the Brazilian Government river service gunboat Cabe dellc. The explosion, which occurred off the town of Belem, in Argentina, killed or seriously wounded 15 of the Cabedello's crew. The Cabedello was a river gunboat of 210 tons register, 200 h.p., and eight knots speed. Mr H. J. Bristow, who was last year on the London directorate of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, has declined to join the new board of the company. Holders of the company's 1879 issue of debentures are moving for a larger representation on the new board of direc tors than is at present provided for. It In the House of Lords last night Lord (formerly Sir Lyon) Playfair, one of the Lords in Waiting, stated that the Govern ment was quite willing to introduce to Parliament a bill for the prevention and punishment of deceptions by meat dealers in selling imported as British meat. LONDON, APRIL 18. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith has had three offers made to him for the continuation of the const:uction of cross-country lines in Queensland, but has refused them all. Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith regarded the terms proposed as unsatisfactory. It is expected that Mr C. J. Hegan, a director of the English, Scottish, and Australian Bank, and Mr Alfred Garrick, of the London Bank of Australia directo rate, will join the new London directorate of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company. GABLE MESSAGES. TASMANIAN PRESS ASSOCIATION- COPYRIGHT. The Vossiche Zcitung, an influential Berlin newspaper, in an article on the situation in Samoa, strongly urges the abandonment of the tripartite control of the archipelago by Germany, America, and Great Britain, and the according of per mission to the Australian Governments to govern Samoa. Eight candidates have announced them selves for the Presidential election in France, which will take place in December next on the expiration of M. Sadi Carnot's term as President. M. Carnot will seek re-election. Among his announced oppo nents are M. Casimir Perier, the present Premier ; MI Dupuy, the late Premier, now President of the Chamber of Deputies ; M. Meline, and M. Lacour, President of the Senate. Sir J. S. D. Thompson, Premier of Canada, states that the United States Government has refused to consider the commercial reciprocity proposals of Canada unless made through the British Govern ment. Intelligence has been published in Lon don newspapers that the Victorian Govern ment has entered into an agreement with the Peninsular and Oriental Company and the Orient Company for the transport of butter from Melbourne to London at -d per lb, under specified conditions. Mr Robert Reid, who has been actively con ducting negotiations with well-known shipping firms, with a view to securing a substantial reduction in the freight rates on butter and other colonial produce, ex presses great regret at the acceptance by the Government of the terms conceded by the mail companies. He entertains a strong belief that better terms might have been made. Madame Joniaux, a lady moving in fashionable circles in Antwerp, who was recently arrested for poisoning several of her friends, is stated to have committed these murders in order to obtain money on their insurances, which had been made payable to her. It is alleged that she succeeded in obtaining the sum of £6000 by this means. Several of the persons whom she is accused of murdering died lingering deaths,.and it has been proved by chemical tests that these were occasioned by irritant mineral poisons. In the United States Senate yesterday, Senator Lodge submitted a motion affirm ing that the American Government should impose special retaliatory duties on British and Australian goods until such time as the British Government agrees to adopt the coinage use of silver. Senator Lodge's motion for retaliatory duties on British and Australian goods in cludes also goods imported into the United States from all British colonies and depen. dencies. i'he proposed formation of a Colonial Iron and Steel Company at Sydney is being revived and largely supported in London. 