"JACK THE RIPPER." His Complete History. The central figure in the greatest murder mystery of ihe century has been discovered, and discovered, too. by the London Sun. Months of patient work and searching inquiry have enabled that enterprising journal to elucidate a mystery that at one time appeared insoluable. From the thrilling story unfolded day by day in the columns of the Sun, a consecutive narra- tive has been constructed that must excite intense and absorbing interest. But at this moment (says the Sun), our readers must be i satisfied with less information than is at our disposal. Jack the Hipper line relatives; there are some of them in positions which would make them a target for the natural curiusity for the unreasoning reprobation which would pursue any person even remotely connected with so hideous a monstrosity, sod we must abstain, therefore, from giving his name in the interest of these unfortunate, innocent, and respectable connections. Wc are the more re solved to do so at this moment as a pathctic poiot in this otherwise hideous and awful etory is the tenacity with which his relatives have clung to this awful type. They have tended him, nursed him, watched for him, borne with with him with a patience that never tired, with a love thit never waned. GUAIIACTKRISTICK AMI HAIIITK. And now what is the story-what arc (he characteristics-whnt are the habits of (lie mm whom we indeniify with Jack the Hipper? It will be understood that for everything we say about biin \\\c have documentary and other proofs. In the first place, then, he was an idle, somewhat dissolute fellow. He was ditttolutp. that is to say, in the sense that he kept bad company; that lie exhibited the same tendency us Neiil to consort with the cla«s who were his victims. He was in neveral situations years ago, but he was not steady in any of them; and he was compelled to retire from one of them. This was because he was suspected of something which at the time appeared merely a violent assault under the influence of passion, but which subsequent light on his character proves to have been an outburst of his homi cidal mania. His habits of life when he was out of em ployment were those one would imagine in Ruch n creature as Jack the Hipper. He spent the most of the day in bed; it was only when night came that he seemed roused to activity aud to interest in life. Then be used to go out, disappear no one knew whither, and never return till early on the following morn* ing. And when he did return, his appearance was such as to reveal to any Rase but that of blind affection some idea of the bloody work in which he hod been engaged. The manner in which this creature spent the portion of the day in which he was not in bed is also clear proof of his nocturnal occupation and of his indentity. I'ersona who knew liin) declare that be always exhibited a strong love for anatomical study, and that-this is most significant-he spent a portion of the day in making rough drawings of the bodies of women and of their mutilation, after the fashion in which the bodies of the women ?murdered in Whitechapel were found to be mutilated. His own reason assigned for these performances was that lie was studying for the medical profession. A BLIND BOY'S TESTIMONY. The next point in the identification, on which we lay particuler stress, is that this man was a victim of that strange form of delusion with regard to constitutional disease which is one of the most frequent accompaniments of the num ber of fallen women. The next point io the piocces of identification is the personal appear ance of the man supposed to be Jaok the Ripper. Oh this point the evidence is necessarily im perfeot. Curious BB it mBy acem- paradoxical Bfl it may sound-the only person whose iden tification of Jack the Hipper would be almost conclusive is a blind boy. It will be reiuein. bered that on Lord Mayor's Day, November 9, 1888, a poor unfortunate, Mary Jane Kelly, was murdered in a house in Dorset-street, Spitnl fitlds. There could be DO doubt that the same fiendish hand which bad done so many murders was responsible for her awful end. Her throat was out, with that clean incisive cut which characterised all the atrocities; her body was mutilated, and her legs were hacked and s'ashed to the bone. Her murderer met her leaving a public-house, and the fact was held to be clearly established at the time that she was, when ac costed by the man, accompanied hy a blind boy in whom she took a passionate interest. The boy heard the voice of the man who spoke to her-hi remembered its strange tones distinctly and perfectly-and it was afterwards thought that in this lay a clue to the discovery of the murderer. But this boy does not seem ever to have been confronted with the man whom we declare to be Jack the Ripper. This is the more curious as the boy's description of the j . voice Is said to have been of such a character I . as to make it clear that he would bave been . able to identify the voice. Therefore the de scription as to Jack the Ripper's appearance upon which we bave to rely is that published by the city police on October 2, 1888, a few days after what was known as the Mitre square , murder. FEIISOXAI. AITEAWLVCE. Let ns present the reader with notes of the appearance of the man we identify as Jack the Kipper, taken by our representatives at the asylum at which he iB at present incatcerated. He is just over 33 years of age. He is a man ot about 5 feet 8 inches to fi feet n inches in height. He is tbin, and walks with a slight stoop, as if bis chest troubled hinj. His face is narrow and short, with a high receding tors head, his eyes large and dark, with the ex pression of a hunted beast in them ; hiB nose' thick and prominent, his lips full and red, and bis jaws give sign of much power and de termination. On October 2,1888, the city police announced that the man wanted for the Mitre square murder was 14 Aged 28; slight; height, 5 feet 6 ineheB; complexion dark ; no whiskers; black diagonal coat; hard felt hat; collar and tie; carried newspaper parcel; respectable ap pearance." A man who bad committed BUCIi murders as thoae in Whitechapel must have been so insane as to bave the dating simplicity ot a. lunatic, and tberetore, ab'elo make an escape where a sane human being would find it impossible to do so, from the sneer simplicity and calmness of utter insanity. Here is an instance that oc curred in a district of London, btuy, teeming with population, almost impassable. A man is in detention, all his clothes have been stripped oS with the exception of his shirt; he is in bed, (our men armed guard over him. Here cer. tainly is security for his detention if suob o thing is possible. But the prisoner springs from the bed, knocks down the four men on guard, and scales, with the ease and nimbleness ol a inokey, a wall 8 feet in height. He drops down on the other side, and then be finds him self in the midst of an open and crowded street. At once the hue and cry is raised, and tbe whole district joins in it. Adobtive Pousiiit. Policemen's whistles bring constables on the scene, and within a few moments of the man's escape descriptions of liim are being wired from tbo district police station to every other station in London. His scant; apparel, it is thought, is sufficient to warrant his speedy capture. Into a house in a busy thoroughfare ROCS the fugitive, with bare legs and shirt-tail flying, and passing through it reaches the back garden, Bnd then, jumping several garden walls, comes to another bouse, which he enters. He finds a pair pi strijped trousers, check jacket, brown overcoat, black felt hat, and a pair of old boots, I which he immediately puts on. I And while the crowd in full pursuit are clamouring for admission at the other hou*e into which he has been seen to go, the fugitive comes out the front door of the neighbouring house, and walks calmly <ind collectedly past the excited crowd, and under the very noses of (he people who are looking for him. Now, here wc have an incident of a most re markable character-an incident which is in many respects suggestive of the Whitcchapel murders. The real secvct of the BUCCCSB ol the Whitcchapel murderer's escape was his daring and simplicity, his power of doing the most terrible and extraordinary things jo an ordioary way ; and it would scarcely be possible that there could be in the same city two human beings so miraculously expert in escaping detec tion under eiicII equally hopeless circumstances. HOMICIDAL MANIA. Oil July 21,1888-exactly a fortnight before the date of the fust Whitechapel murder, which occurred on August 7, 1H88-a young roan succeeded in obtaining employment at a linn in the immediate district of the scene of the murders. His age was about 27. He wob swarthy in complexion, and his frame was aliflht and wiry. His only stroop peculiarity, or eccentricity, as it was then thought, was a desire to advise ml with whom he came in contact as to the trcutmcat of certain horrible disease. He wan noticed to have possessed himself of certain mcdicines and lotions which he kept in his pockets. These he frequently partook of during the day, and it was remark* able that, while seemingly in good bodi'y health, it was his practice from time to time to retire, and when come upon sudden ly, was found to be painting his face with washes and ointment in front of a glas?. This, and a faculty of drawing caricatures and anatomical figures, were his principal dis tinctions when not discussing nasty topics. One day an elderly oOicial of the firm, noticing that the young nun was employed annotating his face in front of tho looking* glass, said, in a bantering way quite innocent of malicc, 441 have known much better-Ionking men than you who did not spend half as much time in looking at themselves " No particular notice was taken of the incident but when tho elderly gentlemen was * proceeding upstairs, to his intense surprise, the young man who up to this had never shown any violent propensities, sprang out of a dark corner where he bad been lying in wait, and hurled him to the bottom of the stone stairs, where he lay insensib'e in a pool of blood, which issued from a terrible cut in the head. When people came upon the scene, the author of this outrageous assault re marked, " Poor gentleman, be hes fallen down* stairs." This apparently ingenious observation dis» armed att suspicion, and it was not till tbe in. jurcd roan came to himself weeks afterwards that the true facts were made known. It is worthy of note at this point that the series of murders which started immediately after his employment in the Whitechapel firm, and continued in almost regular intervals, as mysteriously ceased with bis departure and wore not heard of again for eight tuontbs. "CAT-LIKE AND FLEET or FOOT." The man whom we identify as Jack (be Hip per was committed to the asylum in which he is at present incarcerated, niter having been brought up before a London mngistrate on a charge of stabbing six girls on different dates. The case was not gone into, medical evidence being forthcoming to BIIOW that the prisoner was not responsible for his actions. Previously to his apprehension on this charge the accused had committed a murderous attack on a female relative and a domestic servant in her employ; and it was consequent upon these acts that he *88 detained in the place whence he escaped in the dramatic and almost marvellous manner already described. It is one of the most curious features in this strange etory that many persons at the time were of opinion that this man was Jack the Hipper, and many who knew him well had cer tainly heard the suggestion. A remarkable letter WAS written at the time by F K-. F K-- is the father of one of the girls stabbed. We ask especial attention to this re markable document. The letter was addressed to the police: - u Pardon me for suggesting an idea which has probably occurred to you in connection with the recent stabbing cases in this neigh* bourhood. The dagger which was found on the man now under detention is just BUCIi a one as was probably used with euch dreadful success at Whiteohapel, and there lire several points of resemblance in the cases although those now before us are now trivial oompared with the magnitude of the Whitecbapel trage dies. This fellow approaches his victim from the back, and with euch a weapon could very easily commit a NVhitecliapel murder and escape without showiog any blood marks. He is cat like in his approach, very fleet of foot, and he can approach unheard* and it true that he has a second dagger aud revolver at home, it is probable they are intended for use in the event of an attempted capture. I think you will find on inquiry that one of the Whitechapcl victims was 6een in company of a man with a light coat shortly before the murder His return-after along absence-with bleeding feet is very suggestive, and shows that his operations are performed some distance from First, mark this phrase in F K '« letter : " He is cat-like' in bis approach, very fleet of toot, and he can approach his victim unheard." Is not tliis an exact description of what the man must have been who could bave committed the Whitechapcl murders ? The allusion to the white overcoat must be taken in connection with the murder in an archway off Backchurch lane. It was there that the bod; of a woman unknown was dis covered in September, 18811; and it was re ported that she had been seen a short time before her murder talking to a man in " a light overcoat." A "light overcoat" was among the things found at the house of the man who Btibbed the girl. Finally, as F K - suggests, the knife used in the two sets of cases was of the same pattern. " 1 HE Mii.E-End Jon." We pass to another branch of the case. It will be remembered that the charge on which this man brought up was that of stab bing girls. When he was arrested he made a most significant observation. " la this," be said, "forthe Mile-end job? I mean the public house next the syndicate where I just missed her that time. They took me to be of the Jewish persuasion." Now this is an extraordinary observation in connection with the factB we are about to relate. Inquiries wore made for Bay trace of (be " Mile-end job in the public-bouse next to the Syndicate," to which the lunatic referred on hit arrest. It was discovered that next to the Jewish Synagogue, in the East End, there is a public house, end that during the " Jack the Hipper" period of 1H88 some disturbance was one night caused at the bar of the public house by b fallen woman screaming out that "Jack tbe Bipper " was talking to her. She had been drinking and conversing with a young man of Blight build and of sallow features, and she pointed to him when she made the Btartling announcement that he was '. Jack the Bipper." The roan immediately took to his heels, depart ing with an alacrity that prevented all pursuit. The incident was but briefly reported in the daily papers, under the heading of " Another ' Jack the Hipper' scare." But ft description of the man whom the woman pointed out was given as that of a young man of 27 or 2H years, slight of build and of Jewish appearance, his face being thin and sallow. This led to the theory entertained for some time that " Jack the Ripper " was a Je*. The public house incident look place about the middle of September. On the night of September 30,1HSH, two women were killed, one in Derners-strcet and one in Mitre square. Over the latter there was written on the rough wall, in chalk, " The Jews arc not the men that will be blamed for nothing." Tlys writing was ordered to be obliterated by Sir Charles AVarreit. In connection witli the Mitre si|uare murder, the city police offered on October 4, 1HH8, a reward of £000 for the capture of the murderer. Now we say that these facts enormously add to the proof thai the man who made thiu ob servation was the same man who had nmnlered the two women on the night of September 30, lHM'J. The mistake of naming "syndicate" for synagogue ratlier adds to the strength of the story. Thl Kniik. And ootv let us sec what kind of weapon thin i\as. The knife is of tlie bowie pattern, the sharp blade tapering to a point, being nearly 0 inches in length, and also having a sword hilt. The lunatic bimself, in spite of bis insanity, felt the importance of this knife. To a policc oilier he made the significant observation: " I am all right-they can't do anything with me. The sheath was only found on me." And this observation was true; for in the hip pocket of his trousers bad been found a leather sheath into which the knife fitted. Moreover, he exhibited great concern when ho discovered that the knife had been given up to the police. ANTI:<'I:DKNTK OF JACK the UIPPEU, The next point to be considered about the cri minal Junatic in Broadmoor, whom we identify as Jack the Hipper, is whether we can add to the accumulation of evidence against him any facts in his personal characteristics, his heredi tary 1 raits and his temperament, which will point him as the type likely to commit the Whitechapel murders. The boy was employed in several offices, hut in none of them for a long time. One of the worst of these irregularities was his constant irregularity of hours. He had begun at an early age that system of night walking and stopping late io bed in tlie mornings which finally developed into his turning night into day, and workiog under its protection; his fiendish criracs. At the time when he commit* tod Die Whitechapcl murders this tendency had so far developed that he Rpcnt most of every day in bod, and it was not till 10 o'clock at night that he ever went forth. It will be seen how much such habits helped him to escape detec tion. They kept him from being known to nil but a few, outside the relations and the chaDce lodgers who were there, the house in which he lived conccaled from the rest of the world, his name, his identity, liia very existence. la short, lie was, except to a few people, dead to all the world. The man who haunted Whitechapel was s thing of mystery and night-a thing hid den away from the common gaze, just like the family lunatic or imbecile who only signifies exietence to the casual visitor, by the ,8tifled shriek, the muffled groan. His TEUBIBLE LIST. And now let as Bet forth the terrible list of crimes which were committed by the wretched man called " Jack the Ripper" by himself: August 7, 1888.-Martha Tehran, found in George yard buildings, Commercial street, Spit alfielJe, with 39 wounds on the body-supposed to have been inflicted with a bayonet. September 1.-Mary Ana Nichols, found in lirick's yard, Whitechapel road. Tiiroat cut from ear to ear. Body ripped up from abdomen almost to the breast bone. A Becond cut gashed her thigh. September !).-Annie Chapman, found at 211 Hanbury street, Spitaltields, Throat tiret cut, and body ripped and tben hacked and gashed until the entrails protuded. September 30.-Elizabeth Stride, found in Brewers street, Whitechapel, nearly opposite the International and Educational Club. Head nearly severed from the body. September 80.-Catherine Eddewes, or Con way, found in Mitre square, Aldgate- woman's throat cut from the left side; abdomen ripped open. Above this body was written in chalk on the wall, " The Jews are not the men that will be blamed for nothing." November 9.-Mary Jane Kelly, murdered in a house in Spitalfields. Body terribly mutilated and cashed. July 17, 1869-Alice M'Kenzie murdered, her throat being cut and body mutilated in Castle-alley, Whitechapel. September 11, 1H8H. -Woman unidentified murdered, her throat being cut and body muti lated, in Railway Arch, Pinohin-street, off ISackehurch lane. February 13,1891.-Frances Cole, murdered, her throat cut and body mutilated, in archway of the Great Eastern Railway, which leads from tin-allow Gardens, Whitechapel. A VISIT TO BROADMOOR.-FACE TO FACE WITH THE CRIMINAL. When the net ol evidenoe began thus to close round one man-when it had been established beyond all reasonable doubt that the perpetrator of the Whitechapel murder* waB under the lock and key of the law-two representatives of the Sim went to Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asy lum, in order to come face to face with that inscrutable criminal. Inquiry at the central entrance showed that Dr. Nioholson, the medi cal superintendent, was awaiting his expected visitors at his house. The position tuken up by Dr. Nicholson was a very simple one. The mention of the name of the one man nbove all others in whom the representatives of the SHU were interested caused the production of a large brown enve lope, which contained the whole of the docu ments relative to the case for which he was in carcerated in Broadmoor. In these there was naturally no mention of his supposed copnection with the Whitechapel crimes. In due course he conducted his visitors to the dangerous ward. In tbis chill and dreary enclosed space some 50 men were taking moody exercise or loitering aimlessly in small groups. Thechief warder in our company looked keenly for the man whose name we had given, and at last he exolaimed, " There he is!" He pointed to a solitary figure sauntering in the shade of the farthest wall. The ghosts of the victims of tbis wretobed man seemed to troop by bis side in the gloom of solitude. FACE TO FACE. We passed into a little oflice.slotp hand, an], a minute later, "Jack tne Hipper" entered with his guard. Two warders guided his uncertain etepB towards a corner which was flooded with light from a window, and Dr. Nicholson, stepping forward, said in cherry tones: " Well, my man, how are you ?" No verbal response came from this strange being, but, as if seized with some sudden con ception of what was required of him, he tore off his loosely knotted necktie, opened his shirt collar, bared his breast, and expanded his chest in a manner suggestive of one undergoing a medical examination, but never a word did be utter. The medical superintendent humoured iiis fancy, and tapped the region of his lunge, saying, " Yes, yea, that's all right. You are in capital form. You are quite comfortable here, are you not " Come, now, won't you tell these gentlemen how you are getting on ? They would be very glad to hear that you were well:" It was useless. The voice of the White chapel fiend whose tones are treasured up in preternaturally acute sound memories of a blind boy-will never again be heard on earth by other than a warder in Boadmocr Asylum. He took not the slightest notice of the doctor, nor did ho evinoe the least interest in his sur roundings or in tl<e strangers who were looking at him. His face was absolutely animal and unintelligent. If there was aught of soul in | that poor tenement of clay it was shrouded in murky mists which blotted out recollection and dulled perception. The man's eyes had a morbid fascination for me, and, as I afterwards found, lor my companion. They looked out into vacuity-dull, vacant, unconscious of life, or care, or hope. Tbey were not ferocious, but simply stolid, like the glasB eyes of a lay figure. They implied to us that to such a man all actions were poesible-that to their owner it was as simple a thing to use a knife upon a | human throat as upon a piece of thick twist to bacco. As we gazed at him we wondered I whether awful visions of the past did not flit 1 across his brain and twinge with horror that ! impassive face- visions of squalid ill-lighted streets and alleys, with draggle-tailed women, of whispered consultations, of sudden stabbing and hacking at palpitating bodies, of hair breadth escapes from capture, and mad races for life through the darkness and gloom of London. Hut if such dreams come to " Jack the Ripper," waking or asleep, there were no signs of tbem in his livid face on this occasion. When, in dull stupid manner, he perceived that apparently no further examination was required of liina lie fastened hia shirt, but slightly resisted one of iho wilder* who attempted to arrange his scarf for him. The coarse moutU and Jiah- like eyes were still expressionless, und the motion of resistance was only visible by a momentary use of his , hands. LIVING DKATII. Then he did a strange thing. He grasped his throat with his Jeft hand, threw b:ick his head, and placed his right iiand ot the baco of the skull. What he meant by this action neither l)r. Nicholson nor the attendant warder knew. " He never speaks now/' Raid the medical superintendent, "and he is in the final and most troublesome stage of lunacy, having lost his self respect." The chief warder told us of some of the disgusting and degrading habits practised by this miserable wretch-habits the mere recital of which made one loathe to bo in his presence, and which were yet strangely in accord with our precon ceived notions of that which the man must be in order to be capable of the acts which are laid to hiw store. One more question was necessary before the warder who bad "Jack the Ripper" in charge took him out of oar presence, " How does he eat his food ?" one of us asked. " With either right or left hand. lie dosen't Becm to care which, sir," came the answer another link in our chain of evidence, and all the more valuable because it was unconscious, as the ollicial had not the lenst knowledge of the real identity of the man whom he had watched during the past three years. At last the unkempt, haggard, soulless man was led out into the open air again, and lie promptly walked across the courtyard to his haunt by the side of the deserted wall. Here he resumed his aimless stroll backwards and forwards, with bent heads and rounded shoul ders-screened from curious eyes by slouched cap and c&p;»likc coat. And here we left him, to turn with a great gladness to the outer light, to the beauty of the trees ar.d the sky, to the environment of refreshing nature, as a relief from the inorbid nightmare of seeing and Almost conversing with one who looked like a deathly and pallid figure risen from the marble slabs of the morgue. 