THE TWO COUSINS. PART TILLED. .Ciiamkti VI. THE I.VOlll" MKCIATCKE. it was close upon sunset. Far off above the Dorset hills the rosy clouds trooped up aud down hero on tho shore, the sun was sinking into the sea in an oriflanwco of gorgeous sjplendour. Ami Ijo.li sitting, half lying on a 'turfy Dank, with yeUov, -" > -atter--.Yillor,-3 training' over her, a girl sat v/ntehiiig, with her heart in iser eyes, that red light oa the sea and With the crinjEOU glory threading iieiy rajs througii the shimos aaads of satin-black hair, ylcaxning in the deep, large eyes, lighting the fair, pure fcee, slio looked a rarely lovely vision. Her dress of azure ai!k, not so blue as her eyes, trailed -with its perfumed laces iho turfy sward, a mantilla of rich WacU lace fell loosely over the noble held and slender form, and oat of its dark folds the palo Spanish face shono like a star. Sho lay idly there, gazing v,-ith misty far-off eyes at the briJliaut suascS on the sea. I"artltor down the sliora stood a young and pretty, ljut more msironly jooking lady, ho'ding by tho hand a litt]c boy of four or fire. They, too, watched that rosy sunlight on tho wide ocean, and the boats with their white sails flitting to and fro. 'Tory pretty, isn't it, Ernest? , tho Countess of Marat on said to her littie son, * the i'iower of Armgon ?svatcb.es it as if sho had never seen tho sun go down before. But all its beauty won't gather tho shells wo came after, will it, Ernie? and,' drawing out a jewelled watch, tho size of a sixpence, * it's only 30 minutes ?until dinner.' The Rawer of Arragon glanced wills a smile. 'Don't mind mc, lady Jlarston; go with Ernie for the shells. I feel j lazy, and perfer waiting here' ; 'To dream of your husband elect,' tho Countess of ?ilar3ton responded, with a gay littie laugh ; *ho will bo hero to-night, for certain, happy feliow. Conic, i'rnio, let us collect our shells. Time is on the wing.' The wife and sou of the Ear! of IMarsibn started down the white strand in search of the shells, whereon little Ernest had sel his four-year-old | heart. And Lady Isabel Tyrone was I left alone to dream of the coming of her hnsbnnd, in future, if sho chose. Her face had clouded perceptibly at the Counter of Marston'3 words. "When she had gone, she drew forth a letter, received the day before, and j read it over. It was daied ' London,' j and signed * ArthurTrevelyan,' and it j announced his speedy arrival at Trc- 1 velyan Court. It was a model lover's j letter—calm, courteous, gentlemanly, j telling of his royage acoss, regretting i Jier father's illness, and expressing his pleasure at oneo more beholding | her. '. '1 bring with men friend,' wrote Lady JErelyn'a lover, ' a Catir.di.in oKcer—like Key, tho ' Bravest of the Brave,' a very hero 01 romance, whoso life seems to iiavonm after tho fashion of a three-Toluino novel. His name is "Ycrnon—you will like hins, I ajn certain.' Sfaercaclthelctfcroververythonght- ! fully, .-md when she folded it up, 3106 all the rosy glow in the sky or sea could light the gloom that lay on that j perfect £ace. i 'Does he love me,?' sho thought. * Do I love him? Arc we both playing a part—and for what ? I dread' bis corning—yes, dread—when I should rejoice. His absence was liko a re prieve to a sentenced criminal—his | coming brings nothing but terror. Is i 2S just to him to become liis wife, with a heart that is cold as stone, so far aa loro is concerned 1 They have called jeo an iceberg—those others—perhaps I am ; for love, such as I have read and heard of, I have never felt. Will roy lifo be liko poor mamma's forlorn Mid dreary?—will I marry 3lr Tre- Ttslyan, and hi a year or two meet him only oace or twice a month, as ssie coes jiapa, and then with the cold forsjaHty of utter' strangers? And ! yet, no —I cannot be quite wretched ? as she, for she loved another with all her heart, and lest him.* : She drew forth' from the pocket of j her dress 3 little ivory miniature. It ] was tho portrait of Tercnco Tyrone, given her by her mother, and which j sho had an odd fancy for carrying about ! with her. Too fair, frank Ijeauty of tho face had p. charm for her. tho i violet eyes looked up at her full of j boyish brightness and. life, tho lips seemed to smile, tbo colours of the fiictsire werefecsh and undixmned—the ikeness a living one. 'How noble he looks—how beauti- ! fa!,' sho thought. ' Ah, one colud I love' such a man as this ! And they ] thought him a muroerer—with that face." So absorbed was she in her day- j dream, tnafc the sound 01 approaching ; footsteps on the velvet sward behind j never reached her ear. Two gentle men in evening dress, under their light spring overcoats, smoking cigars, craic j down the sloping bank towards the j stand. ' ' Look yonder,' the elder of the two ] said, pointing with his maailla, * the Sleeping Beauty, is it ? Or perchance tho lady of whom you are in search.' The other loosed languidly. Tho evening was warm, and he was not prepared to excite himself. 'If sho would only turn round,' he murmured in his sleepiest tone. * That stately poise of the Head—that maat-illa—an, yes, it is Lady Isabel. , ' What £3 that ? A book ? Xo, a portrait—yours. 110 doubt—and she is absorbed over it. Good heavens,' under his breath, ' what a lovely face ?* ' Ye 3, sho is a beauty,' Trevelyan sant, placidlr.' and—she hears us afc last.' " ' ! The crashing of a dry tvrig under his foot reached her oar. Sheglaaeed carelessly over tor shoulder—the licit instant she had arisen, and , the miniature bsd fallen unheeded at her feet. The meeting of the lorors was very quiet—Mr Trovelysn toolc Lady Isabel's hands in his, and touched bi'e lips lightly to her white forehead, i'or tier, she had grown vor pale, the hands turned cold in his warm clasn ; otherwise there was bo sign. ' They told us you bad gone to tho shore,' hor lover was murmuring, * and we took tho liberty of following. My dearest, aro you well? Have I startled you P You are as pale as a spirit.' 'I am quite well,* she answered, panting slightly. ' A little str.rtled ? Yes; I did not know you had arrived.' 'Arrived early in the day—would ba.ro sent word, but wished to surprise you. I had thought to find you in Jjondon still.* ? Papa's illness induced us to leave town. JLord Marston insisted on our returning here with his family. Yonder is Lady Marston and Ernest. How surprised she will bo at your ua espected apparition!' "Agreeably, I hope. Allow mc to present my friend, Colonel Vcrnon, of the Canadian service. Colonel Vornoa —tbo Lady Isabel Tyrone.* Tho Canadian colonel bowed low before the stately beauty—the most perfect he had ever seen. And Lady I Isabel, with a proud inclination, just glanced at him, and started in sudden ; surprise, and looked at him steadily and long. i Where had she seen that handsome ! face, with its deep-blue, brilliaut eyes, j its waving chestnut hair, and gold- j brown beard before? It was as familiar as her own tace in tho glass, and yet utterly strange. ' Allow me*!' The voice of her plighted husband broke the spell. ' You have dropped this I fancy.* IXc picked up tho ivory miniature from the ground, where ii lay in danger of. being trampled on, and pre sented it to her. Both gentlemen saw the pictured face distinctly, and saw that it was not the face of her lover. A faint ilush of. swift surprise passed over the palo bronze of Colonel Yeraon's countenance. ITorTrevelyau —he was of Talleyrand's kind—if yon had kicked him, his face would not have shown it. The instant after he had given it to her, he started forward to greet Laily Marston, with rather more effusion, perhaps, than he would otherwise have shown. ' So the prodigal has returned!' her gay litile ladj'ship said, most cordially shr.'king hands. 'We missed you horribly last season, Arthur. I missed you. In a valse ii deux temps I don't know your equal; you have tny step better than any one alive, and :js for private threatricals, you stand unrivalled. Yes, we missed you, didn't we, Isabel, dearest ? And if 1 were acquainted with any fatted calf in the neighbourhood, I should hare him killed on the instant. When did you reach Trevelyan. Court ?* Trevclyan told her laughingly, and le<l her up to his frieud, whom he presented in due form. Little liady jMarston, the most; genial of peeresses, frankly hold out her hand. ' So happy to meet you, colonel! have heard all about your exploits from 3lr Trevelyau's letters to ".Lord Marston, aad welcome you sincerely to England. I adoro Canada and tho Canadians —you must toil mc about the country. Arthur, you coma with us, of course, with your friend, and dine—oh, no excuse! I insist upon it.' 'Lady Marston's lightest wish is equivalent to a command,' Trevelyan said, bowing lon*. ' Sly friend and I aro entirely at your disposal.' ' That's as it should be. And, you must have a thousand and one things to say to Lady Isabel, Colonel Vcrnoa and I will lead the way. Only I beg to premise it is past seven ; we "dine ia half an hour, and Lord ZMarston, though but one removed from an angel in a general way, does lose his temper if the soup is co!d. With which my lady gayly took the Canadian officer's proffered arm, and, leading her little boy by the band, and chattering airy small talk, walked away. She was the merriest and mast coijetiish of littie matrons, a cosjuetio from her cradle, and woufd have fiirted with tha Wandering Jew, had that often-talked-of seldom-seen Isiaclito appeared. As it was, her present Hirteo was far and away the handsomest man she had seen in a long time, and vouched for by Arthnr Trevelyan, her brilliant ladyship's voice ran full tilt—bent on conquest. Colonel Yernon listened, as in duty bound—smiled, and responded. But all the while it was not the rosy, dimpled, pretty face of the viscountess he saw, but that other behind-—pale and proud and peerless—the loveliest his eyes had ever seen. It was Elvira do Lerraa over again, only more spiritur.'i, more beautiful, less- of the ' earth, earthly,* and the golden days of his youth came back, and he was her happy lover 'onco more. It was isofc' love at first sight'—it was only the old love- that had never died out warm in his heart onco more. Tie forgot the years, long and weary, that had gone and changed his Spanish, beauty into a faded, pallid matron. The Elvira. o£ his yonth—of his love — walked behind with Arthur Trevelyan —the blue, brilliant eyes, tho pure, starry face must haunt him to hi 3 dying day. And the smile that answered, my Lady Marston was absent and a little sad, ard the Jiniud that took in her pleasant prattle wondered far away. | The lovers behind followed slowly, she leaning lightly upon his arm, listening whilst he spoke or the land he had left, ot his regret at' her father's illness, his happiness in meet ing her again." But from this last topic she started so perceptibly that { lie paused. Ho looked down in the splondid face beside him with aa annoyed cense of defer:!; and jealousy iv his breast. 'You promised to try and learn to love mc when. I ivas gone, Isabel,' he said, bonding over her. *My dearest, liavo you kept jour word ?* Her eyes fell, her cheeks flushed. ' I have atrireu—l have done my best. I think sometimes it is not in mc to lovo Xt all as you would liavo mc. Spsio mo sour—r.nother time 1 * Eno faltered autl paused. Ho thought oE tlse ivory raiaiaturo with a eljr,rp, cruol tingo oE jsslousy. It v.'as not tlso jealousy of aJari?ed lovo, but of imperial man's wounded vanity. 'Ho other has supplanted me?' ho said, his eyes lighting; you were the Tjollo o£ last season * Ho stopped. She had looked up sfc Lim with* all her Spaniard blood afire. 'Youliave said quite enough, Mr Trovelyan. Tho question is an insult. I disdain to reply." ' I beg your pardon—l did not mean it. I" spoke on the impulse of tho xnonient, and I love you devotedly, ray darling, that your coldness drives mo ?wild! . But even as lie spako there came floating to him, through the purple Bazo oi ifee spring; twilight, a bright feruuetto facts, laughing, eaucy, with sparkling black eyes and dimpling smiles—the dark faco of luadybird, the actres3. And in that hour, with "his peerless patrican brido on his arm, Arthur Trovelyan knew be loved tab little Canadian actress best. Silence fell between them. I?ad3* Isabel was looking with eyes full of thoughtful interest at tho stalwart figure o£ the Canadian colonel before lier. Trevohran Ear,- it and smiled.—it Tsas toosooa to bo jerlousof liiia. * You honour jay friend with especial regard," lie said; * you have deigned to look at him twice. Slay I venture to ask way ?* ' Yes. Tell mo where I have seen him before. Ho puzzles mo. "Whom is he like ?* ' You have sover seen Imn before, and your puzzles is clear to mc. ? Shall 1 really teil you whom ho ia like ?' * Yes, for I ma at a loss." Ho touched the ivory miniature, looking into her grave faco with, a searching uicile. I " Fancy him twenty years younger, and with all that magnificent auburn beard ungrown, and ho might sit as tho original of the picture you hold.' It was a difficult thing to disturb tho perfect self- possession o£ the ilower of Arragon—few had ever seen the phenomenon ; but at these worda she passed suddenly, with, a low, srrepres- i sible cry ; for at one glanco she saw it j —tho strange, the -voadroas re- j semblance. I 'It startles you, , her lover said; ! ' and yet we meet these accidental re- i semblances now and ihea. This is i the portrait or a friend ?* j ' Is is the portrait of a man who w=3 murdered 20 years ago,' 3Jody Isabel said, in a frightened "voice. ' Mismina gpvc mo this picture. "What does your friend mean by wearing a dead man's j fcco?' j ' Can't say, , her lover rtS?oadcd, with ,-v half laugh. ' I'll ask 'him if you like. Who is the gentleman ho so "vividly resembles ?* She hesitated a moment, then answered slowly— 'I may tell you inconfidence—liord ' Terence Tyrone. You will have heard of him—ho waa papa's cousin, the late Earl of lusmore's eldest son- There" was foul play. He was wrong fully accused of a murder—he iKsde his escape irom. prison, and was cruelly murdered himself." *My dearest Isabel, how can you possibly know all thi3?" ' 3lanima knows it—mamma told mc. She waa to have been his wife; she loved him verr dearly. She has cherished aia iseiaory and his picture all these years, as even a wedded wife saay cherish the memory ox the dead. She must not see this roan—toe like ness is something terrible." They had entered the park gates, aud were passing up the avenue. Two gentlemen pacing leisurely arouud a vast orsianiental fishpond, paused ?upon seeing theso, in some surprise. * Yonder is my lord acd the Sari oE Lissnore taking their before-dinner constitutional, asal gazing "with the eyes of astonishment upon Arthur Trcvelyan, , cried out 3Jad7 Slarston. ' Run to papa, Srnic, and show him your shells." Sho did not gianco up at her com panion. 3lad she done so, the gleani in his deep eyes, the rigid compression of hi 3 mouth under that beautiful golden beard sho admired so much, might have startled her. She saw nothing—she lod him up to the two gentlemen, and presented him. 'Lord Marstou—Colonel Vcrnon ; , the friend of whom Arthur Trevelyan has writen bo often. Colonel Vcrnon : —tho Earl of liismoro.* The two men looked each other I straight in the eyes—Colonel Veraon I and tho Earl of Listnore. And the : Irish peer, pale before from recent ! illness, turned ghastly white, and I reeled like a icau who had been \ struck a blow. Chaster VII. TUE S?£fcL OP THE ESCHA>"TKESS. And so those two had met again; once more they stood face to face who parted last in a bitter, murderous death struggle on that lonely rock ou the Irish, coast. It arose before them both in that instant—tho v/ida sea, tho desolate atrip of coast, the rosy splendour of the new day, radiant in tho east, aud two, who had been as brothers, locked in that fierce struggle for life or death. In tho ears of the Earl of Irfsmore sounded the crash of his murderous fire—before his eyes arose the vision of that brave, bright, boyish face, as st looked up at him era hurled headlong over the dizzy cliff. Oh, feeavea! had thoeo been a dsy or night, sleeping or waking, in v.-hieh th&fc; face had not risen up before him to curdle his Mood and blanch his guilty face! And now, after 20 long years," a ctranger musS come from a. foreign land, and look at him v/ith tho desd youth's eyes. . ? ? Tho gaze of all was upon him— that of his daughter with a efcrango intensity that t.tos almost terror. She knew tbo reasoa of taat recoil, of that stifled esclainstion, o£ thst corpre-H';c pallor— hs, too,- caw tfca rosonsblanco btitvr'con this Canadian officer snd isis murdered kinsman. He noticed t]is.t" caracsfi troubled gaac, cvii it restored him to himself as nothing else could have doao. OE all the creatures on earth he loved but this bright, beautiful girl; o£ all tho creatures on earth he dreaded most that slio should ever suspect tho horrible truth. He started up viith a ghastly amilo, muttering, incoherently, socaething about recent illness, a sudden spasm, etc., and turned, with, unnatural animation,- towards his son-in-law I elect. ' I looked for you this evening, Arthur," he said, taking the young man's arm, whilst his daughter \valkod to the hall beside Colonel Vernou. ' I have bnvo beoa anxious for your return. Illness, I suppose makes the best o£ tis weaker than water —nervous as tea-drinUing old iroison. I give you my word,' with, a hollow !a?gb, * iho Eight of your friend yonder, a second ago, gave mo a rare skirt, simply because ho bears a vague resemblance to a man I know 20 years ago. . ' Ah 1* Arthur uaid, with non chalance ; ' man's dead I suppose ?* ' Yes," Lord lasmore anawered, hoarsely. Ho had kept oilont for a decade of yeara, and his secret liad burned his very heart within him. JVbiiJ ho must speak or go mr.d. ' Xcs, ho is dead—ho was murdered !' 4 Ah V Mr iTrerolyan said again, in his laziest tone; 'unpleasant that. Who was he? Perhaps Yemen's a relative.* '2J"o—impossible. I speak of—of —' he moistened his dry lips—tho name, so long unuttered, seemed to choke him—*l speak of my cousin, Terence Tyrone. You have heard of him? , ?IVhv, yes, I think so. "Was ac cused of a murder, wasn't he? Escaped and got made away with himself, didn't he ? Body never ws3 found, was it—nor the murder brought home ? By-the-byc, it ia quite certain he mas murdered ? Men supposed to have been assassinated before now have turned up again in the most improbable manner—at least, I have read so. Isn't it possible that your cousin may have* absconded, and striven to leave the impression behind that he was killed." Dennis Tyrone looked afc the speaker with eyes dilated in a great horror. ' i"o,' he said, huskily, his voice full of suppressed intensity; * tliero was no mistake—ho was murdered. The 1 body v/as flusg into the sea—tho sea i that will hold it until tho Judgment ? Day. And tho cjsrder was never ! brought home—so, yon are rsglit, and I 20 years have passed, and it never will j bo UOlC.' I There was that in his Sons made ' Trevelyaa look at him curioasly. Th<3 leaden hae o'2 hJ3 face was tho ghastly hue of death; his eye 3 looked straight before him with a wild, unnatural '. stare. * Egad!' ho thought, in some alarm. ' I hopo my worthy father-in-law is not going mad. Twenty years is a tolerable tiiae to forget one's cousin— especially -when one steps into that cousin's title and estates. By Jove ! I hope he didn't do the thing himself. He has an uncommonly Eugene Arani-ish look at this moment.* There was no chanco for farther con- j versation—they were in the drawing- i room. And Arthur Trevelyan never j dreamed that;, in that instant, he had hit upon tho truth. Lady Isabel wont into dinner on her lover's arm, and listened to his mur mured conversation; but often, very often, her oyes wandered to the faces of her father and Colonel "Vernon. And steadily and incessantly she found tha earl's fcztiva gaze fixed on the stranger's face. ]?or tho colonel, he looked a3 calmly unmoved as the Pariau Ganymede upholding the great cluster of flowers in the centTa of the table. Hβ was talking brilliantly and well. It seemed the silent colonel could talk, rather to Sir Trevelyan'a surprise, who had hitherto found him inclined to monosyllables. Did ho see tho glances his fair betrothed cast so frequently at that handsome, sun-browned, gold-bearded face ? If so, they did not disturb his admirable equanimity. He took it for granted—tho likeness' to the defunct young lordling accounted for it. Women were all romantic — tkis was rojnantie. Hβ ate hi 3 dinner and made i murmured remarks, and his appetite waa not injured by the fact that my lady was inattentive and responded absently, even though this teas the evening of his arrival. He was not feverislily in love—no sore-was she— and presently, ho knew not how, silence fell between them, and two black eyes, and a eaucy, merry face came to him. from over tho sea, and he found himself wondering where Lady bird might be, alone and friendless iv her beauty and youth. Perhaps Colonel Vernon, though he never seemed to look that way, missed none of the glances of those wondrous violet eyes. Amid all hi 3 anecdotes of the Indian war, and Canadian life in city and camp as he had found it, he caught the flute-like voice of the Flower of Arragon, and the looia directed towards him. Ho had half hoped, half dreaded, Lady Lismore might appear at dinner — xTie would recognise him, he was certain; but Lady Lismore never dined in public now. The disappointment was slight —7ere Elrira eat opposite hita iv r.sure silk, v. - itk white rosea -in..her dead blacb hair, more beautiful ths.ii the dream of au opium caterl Ho was Tereneo Tyrone, 20 years old, and hopclesslj' enslaved once more. He found hiinoelf bcsido her once, after dinner, in iho long suits oi drawing-rooois. -Many guests were at Wareham Towers, early os it was. County beauties, proud iind high-born, moi r e& airily nbonfc, and cast, gracioxm glances upau thb Cp.un.dian coloaci; hiit his eyes sr.w only one fair fcee, that shono. matchless among theainlK .Slid had-bscn singing, and ho had EipotJ a Httlo apart driniuug in those glorious tonc3, whilst the man she was to wed bent besido her.. He looked st thesi both earnestly and' long—the noble and lovely face o£ the Spanish girl, the haiidsoxne, nonchalant faco of her lover, his hazel eyes full o£ lazy admiration aud complacent proprietor ship of prettiest woman ia the house. ' * And she, fit to ait by an emperor's side and command him tasks, will wed this languid Syabrite,* Colonel Vernon thought,.bitterly. ' A very good fellow, no doubt —an excellent husband For my Lady Marston, or such as ?he j but no. more fitted to her husband than— a ploiighboy! ? I was a fool to come hero! Justice I shall have,'though the heavens fall ;'? and yet that justice that tcara the coronet from her father's head, and shows him to tho world as the perjured tvoeld-bo murderer that he is, would break that haughty heart. And she looks at mo with the only face I ever lored, end the old madness that I thought dead and done for is strong within mc as ever. And she belongs to another man —to the friend whose bread I have broken, who trusts mc so freely and so frankly. I was a fool to come —I will be a villain if I stay. She does not care for the man. to whom she is pledged, and I fcei it —yea, strong as man's instinct can teach him any thing—that I could inako lie- lore mc I Oh, heaven ! in losing my birthright I have lost for over all that makes man's lifo sweet! Shall I epare Dennis Tyrone becauso the child of Elvira dc lierma looke at mo with those glorious eyes, with that matchless beauty ? ; jVb /' his hand hung by his side \ clenched, his cyC3 flashed— * ho ! To the uttermost farthing shall he pay! \ I loved him and I trusted him—all I j had was his—and his reiura was j dishonour and death. Spare him ? JVS? ! I will cross thi3 threshold no | more. Before the week ends my ] search for liuttrell will begin, and, j when I have found him, then, Dennis | Tyrone, the dead Aileen and the living j Tcro Tyrone will be amply avenged!* But though mau may propose, the woman he loves is very apt to dispose. Medea the enchantress could conjure the stars out o£ heaven, and the race of enchantresses has noS died out with her. Hercules and Antony— Gmphale and Cleopatra could twist them round their little fingers and make o£ them the varices drivellers. So presently, when the stern and stalwart Canadain officer found aiai es!£ in s cozy nook, beside Ksmore's peerless daughter, ali his heroic resolves racked a-.vay, and he was listening to tho soli zntisic o£ tho low trienmed voice, dassled and blinded by I the light o£ the starry vycs and I brilliant smiles. ! Trarelyan, leaning against tho ! marble of ths low chicaney-piece, ! and flirting with lady Msrsion and :s. wisolo group of country sirens, watched them under his eyelashes, and wondered a little at the gracious mood of her imperial ladyship. She was a haughtily exclusive young teauty, not in the least disposed for sudden friendships—a most unlikely subject for love at first sight; and yet here was Colonel Vernon, met for the first time a few hours ago, admitted into tho magic 'inner circle of her regard* at once. * Is it because of his melodramatic resemblance to ths defunct Irish cousin, or is It because ho is oyr friend? . He smiled a little at the [ last conceited notion. * If Eiy lady j loved mc, that might account for it; but she ia far boyond any such mortal. weakness. It would not bo polite, I suppose, to interrupt their private conversation.* He took an easier position against the mantel as the Earl of liismoro approached him. The Irish peer was still ghastly -pzls, and still kept that I furtive but incessant watch upon his future son-in-law's friend. ' The Canadian is inclined to mono polise,' he said, with a forced smile quite awful to see. ' I congratulate you upon your freedom from the green-eyed monster. He '3 a remark able handsome-man.*. . ? Best-looking man in the. room by Jong odds, myself included,* Trevely3a responded, serenely, ' and I'm not jealous, thank you! . It's a most fatiguing passion—never -*vant to get the steam up so high as that. And I have every trust in jny fair future bride." ' The more I look at him, the more his wonderful resemblance to —to the parson I spoke of, strikes me,' the earl said, hastily. *If—if Terence Tyrone had lived, he must have looked now precisely as that man looke. There is something horrible in this wearing the face of the dead—ifc is like seeing a ghost.* He laughed, but the laugh was hollow and forced. 'Arthur, I wish you would tell roe all you know of him.' ' And that 'all' is nothing-' He is Colonel Vernon—he rose by his own invincible bravery from the ran&3 —ho is a thorough gentleman, and the best fellow I ever met.' ' Aud this !3 all you know ?' ' All, my lord.* 'And you bring a stranger—an adventurer—a blackguard, probably— i hero among your ? friends; a man of i whose antecedents you are totally i ignorant, and present him to ray I daughter! Sir, such conduct * ; ' Sly lord!' Mr Trevelyan said, and j his soft, slow voice, contrasted strangely with the harsh, high, tones of the other, ' pray don't cscito your self. I regret giving you the great trouble or getting angry, but, at the risk o£ doing so still further, you will permit jito to pay my friends must nhvays bo fit associates even for tlio daughter o£ Lord Listaore. IVhat Colonel Yernou has been in the past, I cannot say—what lie is I know— a gentleman, a scholar, and s hero 1' * In his ovnx country,* tfco earl bad caught bet these words, ' in tho past S "What <Jo you mean? Is ho not a Canadian? , ? No, I am quite certain he, is not. English, Scotch, or Irish he may bo, nay, is—but of his birthplace and his history I asa in profoundesfc ignorance. That, that history has been a singular and romantic one, I am also positive. It would bo strange, and melodramatic, and sensational, and all that, , with a slight laugh, 'If- he turned out, after all, to be the man you think dead. It's not likely, you know, but still Ah ! excuse mc, Lady Isabel beckons.* Ho fauntered across the long room to the side o£ his fair betrothed. Vcrnon still held his place near her; ho had been talking, she listening, and her cheeks wcro softly flushed, and tho brilliant eyes sweet and tender, and tho. perfect lips wreathed in a thoughtful smile. * He has boon talking of you,' she said, with, the brightest glance she bad over given hiia, ' telling mc how bravely you saved his life I* . ' And what of himself ? On their own merits mocleafc men are dumb, eh ? Has lie told: you his nnmo was a word of terror with which mothers frightened their children into being good, as the Saracen matrons used with the name of King Kiehard?— was it Jlichard, by tho v.iy ? Has ho told you he was a host in, himself—the invulnerable leader o£ the '3ovil*ii Oivn'? X thiuk of bringing out a hoo's. relating liis exploits—and im mortalizing myself?' He had not oiscq glanced back at his late companion—had ho done so, the livid horror of tho earl's colourless face must have strangely startled him. He atood glaring, yes, absolutely glaring, at the group, seeing only that one manly face, with its rare beauty and gravely smiling mouth. If i£ were true! 1£ Tcience Tyrone still lived—if this inau were he! Tho j next moxneut he could havo laughed aloud at his own folly. ' 1 am a fool!' ho said fiercely, ' a drivelling monomaniac! I fancy resemblances where resemblance there is none. I will put it to the test, by heaven!' he started up withasudden idea. ' My wife shall see this man I IE Terence Tyrone were alive, old and grsy asid hoary, she would still know hiaj ! Bead and in his grare, ha has still k&en; my rival—still poisoned ay life!' He walked resolutely away, and not once again during that evening did ho glance in the direction where tho trio sat. They held their place until tho parting hoar came, and when before had the of Arragon. been so sweet and so gracious, so tender and so womanly, as on this night? She gave her hand to her ] lover at parting—is ~te.y loose r.nd i unresponsive in his—then to- the j stranger from over tEie soa, and it j thrilled S3 ito man's ioacb had ever 1 thrilled it before, in his warm clasp ! That night, as she unsound the long, rich, halt, her maid wondered at the new light, so dreamy and indescribable, that softened tao perfect beautr of ray lady's face, and made itradiautl And the violet eyes, whose like she had never seen ssvo in her own mirror, haunted her into tho laud of dreams. She stood upon a towering cliff, whilst the day dawned rosily over the sea, and from the rose-Hushed waters a form arose, wearing the face of the stranger soldier, and looking at her with tho grave, beautiful smile and eyes. ' Come V he said, holding out i his arms, ' my bride, iay darling! I am i not dead ! I am not dead, and I have [waited all these years for yoa !* And : with a aeart full of bibs, she leaped I from the cliff into those- extended I arms, and—awoke ! : i Arthur Trcvolysn drove hi 3 friend house in his mad phaeton, aud on the I way discoursed of the- manner in which bis worthy parent-in-law was esercised by his uncommon resemblsaco to a gentleman dead and gone. Colonel Vernon, sitting with folded arms, listened with a grim smile. . ? Tried to convince him he might be mistaken,' Trerelyan. said, puffing at his cigar, ' but tho obstinacy o£ those elderly fellows is past belief. Told hijn you might be the dead man come to life again. They do that sort of thing in. light literature, you know, though I don't thiuk myself it's practicable.' 'Andyou coulda't convince him?' Veraon said, with a sardonic laugh. ' How can he bo so positive about his cousin's murder if ho didn't see him i murdered, and they never found the j body ?' ' ' Put it to him,* Trevelyan drawled; j all no lisa. You look as much. like the ! dead nian as two peas—know you do, because I've seen his- picture." Melo- i dramatic on you part, as I've said ] before, to go about with the frontis piece of a dead man —not but that it is an uncommonly handsome one, all the same! "Wanted your biography, tho earl did—very sorry I couldn't j give it to him.' ' Couldn't think of putting you to so much trouble, zny friend,' the colonel said, dryly; ' and as for the earl, his profound interest doea mc honour. 1 shall take the liberty some day myself, perhaps, of pouring aiy humblo history into his noble care." There was a paufe. Both men puffed their cigars, whilst they whirled through the starry beauty of the May night. ' And what do you think of my lady, ? the- Flower of Arragon ?* the younger man asked, abruptly. A slight flush, arose to the bronzed cheek of the soldier; but t] !Q „;„! f hid it. ; ? 'That she is well Darned,' ] i 0 answered slowly. 'Tour Flower o e Arrcigon is perfect and peerless. , *' * ' And we .-ire at home,' said velyen as ho drew up, nod tlo ?tov~. camo to lead away tho drag. ' the old place look pictwesquW moonlight ?' ? ? -?? His eyes kindled. He lored ever? treo, and stone, and ivy-spray— yn~ with a deeper love than that fo-rhK fair Spanish bride. And CoforH Vemou's deep gaze rested on lihn'fo an instant with.-, look that v/osalj2 0 4 envious. *"*? "" ' Tcs,' ho eaid; 'you are a fortunate man, Arthur Trevelyan. , The other laughed gayly, and loj the way himself to his guest's room— a noble apartment, a lire fiickorin" ou tho tiled hearth; and rich draperies of ruby velvet glowing in the lcaius*' light. ? ? Good night, and fair dreams, s r boy,' he said. ' You will sleep well y you are half as drowsy as 1. , He left him, and ltegiuald Ycnioa ntood before the lire, and gazed up at a. -portrait over tho mantel—j a admirable likeness, though mereSy~a sketch, of tho Lady Isabel Tyroa" The proud, drooping eyes, the grr.vcTy eusiling mouth, looked in firelight alive. Long he stood before ?ii entranced; tho spell of the enchantress was upon him as it had been uuoa many men before, and ho was held in iron gyves by its mugic power. Acd ?when at last he undressed and lay down, it was long before sloop came, and he lingered and watched tb' flickering iirclight playing upon the lovely face of the Flower of Artagoa. {To he continued.) 