A CALL TO PRATER. Do TOP ever pray ? A strange question, you say. " Why, perhaps you go down upon your knees and say some words, but do you even pray that effectual fervent prayer of the righteous man, which availeth much ? Do you ever so ask as to obtain ? That is the true test of having asked aright, and tried by that test is there not need for much more real prayer ? Is it any wonder you are receiving so little when you are asking so little ? How much did you ask last Sabbath for yourself, for the other members of jour church, for your pastor, not to speak of Christ's other witnesses at home and abroad ? Do you realise that you are as responsible for praying as your pastor is for preaching, and do you ever think that the power of his preaching will in a great measure depend on the power his people have in prayer ? Of old Paul again and again besought his converts to pray that utterance might be given him, and in our day Spurgeon used to say he could not preach unless upheld by prayer. If men of such gifts and grace needed and sought the prayers of others, may we not conclude that less-gifted men need such help no less ? Are there not many things to ask for ? Are all in your church converted to God ? Are all the Christians fully consecrated to Christ's service ? Are you ? Is it not too sadly true that some even of the members have not been "born again," and that many are living more for self than for Christ, and so giving but half-hearted service at the best ? How many in your church can humbly but truly testify to having received the power of the Holy Ghost to fit for service, and how many can honestly say that they are willing to go " withersoever " the Lord may send them ? Can you ? Now, if the things are so, if they are even partially true, do they not call us to confession to God, and to a time of humble expectant waiting on Him ? The Lord has promised, if we bring all the tithes into His storehouse, that He will open the windows of heaven and pour out blessings till there be not room to receive it, and He is faithful thai promised, and will most certainly keep His word. Will you fulfil the conditions ? Will you yield yourself and all you have to Him that He may cleanse you from all your filthiness and all your idols, and fill you with His Spirit, and then will you unite in asking that His own people everywhere may be filled with the Spirit ? If we agree in asking this in the name of the Lord Jesus, it shall be granted unto us. Brethren! will you so agree ? May the Lord stir up ] our hearts and enable us to lay hold on Him and wait upon Him till He answers by fire—the fire of the Holy Ghost !—J.W.I.W 