THE CHRISTMAS GHOST. (" World.") Certainly it is a most gratifying proof of rhe vitality of honest superstition to find that, in spite of all cheap philosophy, the popular imagination still insists on being fed with ghostly food at Christmas time. Old World epicures might prefer the dish to be diifeientiy dressed, but on this point, of course, they cannot expect to be consulted, and may well be grateful at its being served at all. It is probably true that the ghost of fiction partly owes its survival to dramatic convenience, though this, in itsturn, depends on the fact "ihat a ghost is an element of which the public pra-.ically never tires—in a story. Outside the fairy realms of fiction, however, the ghost ha3 sufFered a trood deal of late years from the misguided zeal of its friends. Commonplace people, who, after all, form the most influential part of the public, have beijun to look askance at the ghost of scientific research. In the days when the world took its ghosts more com posedly, without wrangling as to whetherthey were subjective or objective existences, genuine hallucination, or merely fertile illusion, and so forth, ghosts were treated, if not with much overt affection, at least with unqualified respect. Nei'-herof these can survive the meddling of our modern curiosity, -vhich is always clamoring for a peep behind the veil. It is only Liue that knowledge comes but wisdom liHirers. We insist on seeing the wheels so round, without theexcuse of childhood to justify our foolish ness, and, of course, all the old charm of the subject vanishes forthwith. We could feel rather proud, and perhaps even a little fond, of a ghost ; but it is hard to be decently cordial t> a ' phenomenon,' and no reverence can possibly attach to a thing which can be described as a 'spook.' We must notbe .supposed to deprecate physical investigation ; on the contrary, we welcome it, being satisfied that ev*-ry reputable ghost would be anxious to ' invite the fullest inquiries.' Moreover we seem to scent a possibility of revenge. Science has robbed us of our dd-fasUi'ined ghost*, but there appears to be a chance of the new order •>f ghosts proving too much for science. That remarkably level-headed writer, Mr. Andrew Ling, in a carefully balanced article on ' .Superstition and Fact' con tributed to this month's "Contemporary Review," inclines to the conclusion that the ghost (whatever its explanation may be) is a fact which science can no longer afford to ignore. But, in spite of his level headedt.ess, he cannot refrain from cutting a little caper— quite a decent journalistic capei, of course—at the prospect of some rfmHncip'ition from the 'iron philosophy of the h.-.rd and fast,' and perhaps we may hope also from the iron tyranny of the cocksure. To most of us, however, scientific or otherwise, Christmas will conjure up some private visions, of a humbler origin and a homelier intere=t. Happy memories of the pa?t, tinned, perhaps, with a regret too gentle to be called a sorrow, but bearing the warning which all anniversaries bring to those who have left behind them the golden riot of youth. This warning need nut trouble us greatly ; indeed it is echoed fr -m a hundred other sources. Buc it may usefully serve to remind us of the message which (he season brings of help for the living and hope for the dead. 