THE GHOST OF THE GUEST CHAMBER. All day long the bell had been ringing, and the wedding guests kept coming until at last all had arrived. There were cousins from everywhere it seemed to the children, and such a wedding as it was going to be ! Bess was to be the bride, and Bess was the queen of the family just now. She was always lovely ; to-nigbt she was beautiful; the bridal veil, a gift from grandma, and the Batne she wore at her own wedding, failed to hide, the fair youug face from a host of admiring eyes. Even Cousin Walter, supposed to be broken-hearted by this marriage, was startled out of his melancholy at the sight. Bess in white satin and orange blossoms was very different from Bess in white muslin and blue ribbons. Why, she was indeed a very queen, and he half expected to see the ladies in waiting and the royal guardsmen surround her. After the ceremony, congratulations and supper, a game of hide-and-seek was proposed. Away flew Bess, with a crowd of merryseekers after her, through the corridor and up she stairs, until she teached the great wardrobe that stood in front of the old guest chamber, which h^d not been opened far many years. She rau in behind it and tried the door of tbe chamber, fouud it unlocked and entered, still holding the nob in ber hand. With flushed face and bated breath she listened to the merry voices outside ! Then, imagining she was discovered as the faces came nearer, he let go of the knob and pushed the door to. only to find to her horror, that a s she could not open it again. Gradually a the sound of voices died awav> as the seekers all ran off crying, * She's in the q oak closet. Let's go there and look ' And down stairs they went, making \ such a noise with their shou'ing and 1 lanohing that they could not bear her» it I repeated calls. Oh ! tbe horror of it.' she cried, wringing her hands. ' Self-imprisoned, will they never come back 1 How shall I ever get out V What, in this rooaa, which she had never entered in a life before. She be^an to tremble with fear, it was so dark and mysterious. Why, oh why did she eorae there at ail. Not a ray of light penetrated the awful darkness around her, the silence became so intense that her »err heart throbs seemed to fill the dread!ul epnee. Were there such things as spirits. She wondered, if so, there might be one in this room What was that. Something toached her hand, sht» was cure, something that was cold and elamnay, like icy fitters. Oh, Heaven, it was clutching at her skirts. She crouched low down on the floor in a pertect frenzy ot terror, then gave a piereing shriek and fell sense- less- The guest chamber in grandfather's house was always looked upon as something to be dreaded. Tbere were stories told of a ghost who was seen to walk back and forth in front of the door, with a rusty key in his h?nd Lite at night members of the family had seen it, or thought they had, and each of the servants had been chased by it; .not one of them could be induced to g* into the north wing afer nightfall. Of course Bess knew all this ; she had heard the story of the ghost many times in her childhood, and had ofLen gone to bed with her face hidde i in Nora's apron, le»c she she'ild meat the awful speevi-e. Aad aow that she found herself alone in this very roon, all the terror of her childhcod returned with redoubled force- Her shriek when she fainted had done its work ; it had been heard down stairs- While the hunt continued laugh<og and shouting went on ; when she eon Id not be found everyone became eober ; each face took oa an anxiens expression, and they began to ask each other in whispers— ' Where can she be ? What has happened to her ?' They were still looking when the terrified cry reaehed their eats, Walter ran off, shouting ' She must be in the guest chamber, leaving the groom, Albert, who bounded arter him, a few steps behind. They had scarcely reached the door before everybody was at their heels, bursting it open, they found t»ie poor little bride str^'ch^d on the floor, unconscious, with Tabby, the Cat and household pet, who had followed her unnoticed, licking her face and haud-t. So the ghost was only a cat af .er all, and it was her cool soft little paw that Bess mistook for the cold, clammy hand. 