THOU ART THE i mm Sy SCISS SBASSON, Attthob or "Lady Audley's Seorof," "Aurora Floyd," Dead Men's "Shoes," - '' Phahtom- Fortune, " " Wyllard's "Weird,". '? Like and Unlike, " "All Along tire River," 'o.' ' \- :Axa Qpisnsland Riau-rs Riixbybb. CHAPTER XII.— (Can; limed.) " I don't liko. tlio idoa of. being watched; but as ta their knowing I am hero— I don't tliluk tlmt matters." ' ? ' Pcrliaps not, but your villager. has on In- fernal long tongue, aud yon -don't want 'tho .whole neighbourhood magging .about Miss Iligginion und hoi' interest,, iii a possible 'niurdorer." , ... !.'..:' " I will novor admit that possibility ; and I don't pure who knows! lira interested in him." . "You're a pluoky girl. Now just take a look round heforo I siiiiisli this'loolc, and '.toll no if tho ooast is oloar.l' i . !' ! .. .. He had taken off bis coat and- turnod up hle shirtsleeves, roady to begin work. Sibyl madd a rapid oirouit of look-up and. cottage, and onme baok to thq door. ."All right P " -; . ' "All right!:" , ! , r "Thon hdro goes! " He took a sorewdriver from his pookot, and tried to got the sorews out of the look, but tho look was old 'and olnmsUy'inado, solid enough to have locked a fortress, and the' shrews were embedded inrust. He oould not move them. "I thought as much," he said. "Tho door couldn't havo opened without violenoe. Now for a few artistic touohes," ) ' ' Ho hacked and hewod th woodwork round the lock, sending the splintprs flying, and smashing the worm-eaten panel, whioh sent ont a oloud. of dust and rottenness at every stroke. Five minutes', work made a ruin of look nnd jamb. "That will clear Ooxon's character," he said, "and now to get rid, of my tools." Ho ran to the littlo garden-behind Ooxon's cottago, and disposed of the hatohet and sorowdriver under" a group of gooseberry bushes near tho baok door. ' Sibyl had walked some little way along the oliff path by tho timo ho overtook hor. "What a hurry you are in 1 " ho said, as lie. rejoined her. , . "There is nothing more to be done. You oro sure ho got off safely-? "I saw him on board tho smaok. If tho wind holds as it is now he'll bo fur away north west before noon." There were ragged streaks of a pale cold gray in tho east, and tho spa showed faintly, livid under that first glimmer of dawn. -It wuS' not a sky of pleasant omen, and Sibyl, who' had been reared on ' that coast' and Knew the signs of soa and sky, .saw tho- monaco of a storm. Her hope was that foul weather might be slow in coming, and that tlio mail sho loved 'might bo safo on shore bofore tho beginning of evil. " . She had nothing to say to Urquhort in the walk' back to ' EllorSlie) and she' walked hor fastest, partly because of that, agitated state of mind in which it was imposBiblo to walk .slowly, pai'tiy in her desire .tg.psqqpo conversa tion, but: at the door be stopped Iter, with his- hand upon her arm. " "How you must love that man,',' he said, as if tlio ejaoulation word the result of his. brood-, ing thoughts during that silent walk; < " I do love him," bIio answered, tnrmrig to look at him. . " I liin hot ashamed of .loving hint, His father loved my mother before ever sho saw my fathor's faoo. Futo parted . them. Fate is' parting Brandon and me— but I lovo him, I love him as the best: and truest man I have over known— except -my -father — or nni ever likely to know." ' "That sounds as if ydu hnd a bhd opinion of my sex in general," said Urquhart, with 'a sneering laugh. ' ""I don't think you aro all' of yon perfect— but I . am hot , going. to, quarpol .with yon this morning, Mr. Urquhart, for. you have dono a kind and friendly thing, and I am grateful.". "You will havo more reason to be whon you find how general the belief in Mountford's guilt is, and how strong the not whioh you and I have out through," Sibyl went quietly up to her room, supposing that Urquhart would follow her'oxnmpls ; but instead of goiug upstairs he waited till the sound of her light footsteps hod died away in tho distance, and then lie reopened tho door by whioh they had ontorod, and went out uguin into the bleak morning, and away at a swing ing paoe towards tho rodd that led to the railway station, distant a long three miles. . IT- i - ..l-J-T ... 1. , . L e tiio shrubbery, gate. . "Four o'clock. There is a train that will do for me at 10 minutes to 5." ; CHAPTER XJII. 1 ' " What Love Was Eyeb as -Deep as a Gbavs," The fatigue that Sibyl had gono through slnoo nightfall hqd made no improssion upon her physloal .being, or. no impression ..of whioh her mind was oohsdioiis. If ber limbs aohed with the tramping to and fro and .tip and down over the rougli ground by the oliff she had no oonsolousnoHs of hor. pain. .. Hor mental' suff err ing, her keen anxieties, hoir griof dud honor at tho deed that had been done, loft no room In her oonsnlonsncss for" the sensation of bodily p'uin. She walked, vp and down hor bedroom, and in and out to hor haioony, in the growing light of a glowing dawn, aiid although all that is most comfortable in tbo way 'of bed, sofa, und easy chairs offered a Sybarite rest, she bad no inclination to fling down that weary form into any of those. oushioned, nests whioh stood ready to 'ronolvo hor! . Sometimes sho walked to nnd fro with antoroatio monotony;' sombtimes sho wont hurriedly out to tho haioony and stood looking at tho soa and tlio sky. ' ; ' A wild sky, a rough sea;; a livid dawn, that heralded a tempestuous; day I : And - she had driven him oiit into the storm ; she had -urged him to not; against his own judgment,; whioh would, havo bidden him stand hw ground. .' Was it wise, was it woll ! Now that-, tlio .apt was irrevooablo— how that tho' shattered "doar.j»ld ite story of prison breaking and igifominibns flight, slio asked horsolf that quostion witlx muddoning iteration. . IgnominiouH flight. Yos, that was the word. Tlio man who flies from tho face of .Just loo must needs submit tb the ignominy that attaqbes to all flight. ' Inno'cenoo should stand firm, and wait tho worst that fnto could. do. . , 7 ; . ! No doubt that was tho idealist's vioxv of the situation. But thon oamo the thought of stern .roulify — tho possible convlotion — -tHo pbsdblp .gallows— ttie insorutil- leiwrewity of tata' wbip same times dooms an Innpcont man ton dis- gracoful death, all for want of somo .littlo :olua to thi-oad' that- labyrinth- -of-oiroUijistahtial oTldonoe,,and grot at tho.iopro of truth hidden somewhere in the midst of it. Guiltless men have bqeniiangOd, erSu in this present century of ojillglitonod legislation, and to tho end of time there will always bo thut cruel- possibility of inhocenoo paying tho penalty of guilt. . - . \- On the wholfe, therefore, Sibyl was .thankful that sho had helped to got Brandon. Mountford: out of the oiutohiof the law. For -tlio -time boingho might suffer in honour and roputatlou by thai escape, bo mlorht havo to oxist under a heavy oloud— an oxilo in some distant oountry, living updor a false name, out off from- all tho friends and associations of Ids youth. But in tlio years to como the due to tlio mystery might be found, and tlio wrong might- be rightod. - < ." AY ho could have done. it f " Sibyl asked horsolf, with hor hands strained tightly upon hor uohing forehead, as if she wanted to wring somesulden insplratioti out of hor own. tired hrnln— " AVhp oould liuve done (t'P" slie askod ' aiid' then teld horsolf dpspiiiringly : "Ifeolas if ull tlio thinking power ! woro gone, out , of my mind. I oan imagine no' one - who would do suoh a deed. Erorylipdy ljkbd hor. She' had no ederay. It could only have- boen some ruffian With tho' wild beasts' thirst .for:- blood— some madman. '1 J v - , . "A madman, yea ! " ... Sibyl turned siok with agony as shn'tamejb|ieil>b,what Bfand'qit Mounts, ford hod told her about 'that insorutablo disease whioh oan ohaiige sanify t Tnadnoss, this suddon oloiiding over pf fie brain, tho'maniuo's impulse towards ovil. "Oh, ififc; .wore ho, - of tcr all.1 If my con viction of his innoCenoo should bo a mere delusion, .' hpm of my love for him ! "Well rV after a patise, I' if It is so, I am the moro -thankfid that ho is frpo.' My poor, afldlctod love, marked put by Fajto to bear bo oru'ol a burden.,: Who would ngt, help you to esoapoP" And then oame a ; atill mors- appalling thought. If fee had dona tbistliing: if bis nnoonsoioua hand had taken Marie 'Arnold's life, who could spy " whether this first arimo might not bo'-'tlio boginning- if a .'series of murdersP Tho impuab,'.having , once arisen, might reour, and' -this 'man— the. nian slid1 admired, and loved, the (nan! of high' birth and gentle breeding— might boaome a doonrge arid a horror to his fellow-menj a wretoh , whoso death, or whoso life-long imprisonment would he required for thoeufely-of'dthors. Bhe flung herself upon her bed,- and hid her face from the daylight)' : "awe-striqken at the liorror her own thoughts had conjured up.' The wind shrieked andiiowlodin the ommnojr, ' and there was something hideously human in the sound. Oqo guet' 'juoro violent than tho rest seomed to shako ovoii thoso solid walls. Thero was a dreadfiil silenco in tho house noxt morning when Sibyl awoko from a, sleep of sheer exhaustion. - Sho was lying on the bed, .still, wearing tho. blOCk gown in whioh she hud walked to and frqj' with all tho dust nnd chalk of the road anlho oliff upon it, but euref ul hands had spread, a down eovorlet over her, and the morning, . pup of tea whioh ehe generally took at seven o'olook was on the littlo tahln hy heir bod, showing tliat tho faith ful Ferriby- had been watahing her Hlumbers. The window bIio had lhjt opon was shut, and : the closed Vonetlans darkened tho room. - Sibyl spbang'up from tlie bo'd iuid ran to look at the oloolc on tbo mantolpieoe; ;. A quarter to eleven, o.w long, how heavily she liud slept-ra (lreamhsHS. sleep, . nnslmdowed by any o.onsoiousnoss pf the - pares that made waking- so terrible. - Tho wind had boen raging when she - last looked at sky and soa. Tho sky was oalm enough now, wlieu she opened tho shutters and lookod seaward ; a dull gray sky; hut the waves (vero rising and fulling with a ' slow and;, sullen violenoe, and tho livid patohoa of foam showed here and there upon the leoden-oplourod expanse, She rang hor boll, and Ferriby came bustling In. , .' ;;i'i . . " Oh, how tired you must have beeh, Miss— Togalar dead beat, to'fujlasloep In your olothes, und sloop from twelvo. o'clock to oloso upon „eloven— all but twelydl'Jtours. ' You, too, suoh a light sleeper. ' I've, got your bath ready; but lot me fetch you. a fresh oup of tea first. ' "Voii, pari't drink. that stuff," pointiugto the neglected oup, ."It's stone cold." ' " Never mind tho tiia. Yes, . I was very tired ; - my bones 'are still aohirig!" "And I don't wondol- at it miss. Dear, oh, dear, wliat'times w6)ro ltvingtii ! Suoh a storm last night 1 Wo sliolUiear of over so many boats lost before dark, Hampton says." Arid then Ferriby rolatad how Mr. Mount- ford hod brokon out of EUorslio lookup in tho midst of tbo. storm, -u probepding to which sho ovldiintly attaoh'od au'ddea of Satanic power, , as if lie must at least hiive . hod help from the sons of darknpss ; and 'how thp hue and ory had been raised, aud ,tho country was being, soarchod far and near, pnd the tologriqih wires at Ellerslio Post Office were working as they had never worked boforo. '.'And all I oun say. iB l hope' tboy won't find bim," concluded Ferriby. "Ho was tho niaest gentleman tliAl: ever oamo into this house— and if he did murder that poor .yonng lady in a fit of madness -r-as tfiey say he did— why,'.t. was his affiiqtion,:and not his fault." '." Who says tiiat' hq "murdered her P V - '.'Well, miss,, everybody thinks , ho did it, and madness would bo his only : oxoutio. Not that thore was anything 'like maduoss in his ways. Thomas who"nlwvys waited upon hiui, says there wos'neror a'pdjfiterr quieter; gentle- man. ' Nqrie'(orjronr,''jiririg or flying 'out at a sorvaht for nothing. Ho .had rpthdr, p.; norv'ous mannor sometimes, Thomas Bays— a .little abacnt-mindod— but never no vlolonoo— nothing that looked like! being out ' of his mind." . Poor Brandon 1 To be disousscd . and anatomised in tho sertAAitk'. ball— to have fallen po low— tbo talk of t|;o. village tan— hunted by poliodmbn, his desoriptlon- telegraphed from plaoe to plaoc. ... . , ; , , . It was nearly one o'olook .when Sibyl 'went downstairs, whlto as .a' ghost) in hor; blaok gown. and wandored aimlessly about tho house) ; almost wondering not' to sbo Marie's' bright fnob in any of tho rooms.. This .dread mystory : of (tenth was so dlffioult to tonlisc, ovon now, ; uftor all' she find sufforod within tho lust duy: and a-lialf. Tlio shock, tho horror of tho miirdor wore ovor presont in her mind,1 but sho. had not yet realised tho. for av — the ornol foot of death, tho vauislung for over of one familiar faoo, , thcdtornal dumbness of the voloo tlmt; had so lately boen part-of her home" and of hor; life. !' Novor moro to ' seo' ; Mario Arnold— tho oompanlon of all her girlish years, the happy., yours iii whioh therri had hebn ho shadow of earo. ' ofyfifo sppraodo Jloaro, and dread, and ' difflouityV'/. ' ' ' ' ! . ... .' .V . fTO "be. OONTmUBDngxc' kgipax- ' ' i ' 'A ; '!';!: Thq, pldost tree o'n.parth' I; said to. tie tho Boo! treo) iri'.'the sagred city! of JjljLimipiiponra,, Bjii-muh. : !t,wos pipted ta tho yo««v9'B,.,n;:.;wg I - 