COMMON OE GARDEN FADS. By Teddywaddy iii the Melbourne Argus. Of all things in this world of sin and change that stick tighter to us than our poor relations, bad habita, or liquidators, are our fads. Every living man past the age of forty has one, just as surely as each of Joseph's brethren had his money in the mouth of his sack. Perhaps he may harbor a whole crop of little fellows, but there is the one, the bright particular boss fad, which he nourishes, and cherishes, and guards with even greater care than a young mother lavishes over the rolls of fat dimples and a smile she calls her first born. I know a respectable elderly man with grown-up children who for years has bolted his dinner every Saturday like a schoolboy so that he might rush off with a net at the end of a long pole and catch butterflies and beetles, and grotesque inset-ts with unnecessary legs, which he brings home at night and kills with oxalic acid, afterwards sticking them on cork with pins and squares of cardboard. This fad has kept his wife and daughters in a state of ferment for years, fearing that some of the " nasty things " might not be quite dead, and getting loose would walk about the house at ni^bt, like the ghost of Hamlet's father, with the pins and cardboard stuck on their backs. The mechanical fad is a terrible one. One of my most intimate friends is now breaking out all over with it. For years past he has had symptoms that have taken the form of miniature locomotives, steam boats, water wheels, clock toys, and the like. But now he is suffering from a severe eruption of electricity. The other Sunday I called on him, and discovered the whole of his familv and the servant huddled together m the back yard in a state of abject fear, not daring to go into the house or sit on any of the chairs for fear of "shocks." He was in the breakfastroom standing on a board placed on four inverted tumblers wind ing an electrical machine, with the object of making his hair stand on end. And it did stand on end, too, like a birch broom in a fit, eaeh particular hair erect like the quills on the his torical porcupine. 4 I'm so glad you'vecome, old fellow,' he said, 41 want to be photographed like this. Just take a shot at me with the camera you'll find it over in the cornerand to please him I did. Then I persuaded him to come down from his perch, disconnect the household furniture for a time, and give his family a chance of passing their Sunday afternoon in peace. The 4 no-overcoat' faddist is an irritating creature. I meet a fine specimen at my suburban station every morning. One morning, when the east wind was coming up as kessn as a razor and as cold as the breath of an iceberg, he came on to the plat form, his teeth chattering like a quartz battery. ' You look cold,' some body said to him incautiously. This gave him his opportunity. * Co-co-cold, not a b-b-bit of it, I m qu-qu-q-uite w-w-warm. I ne-never wear an o-o-o-overcoat, haven't for forty ye-years; don't need one. Xou fel-lel-lows are regular mol-mol-molly coddles.' And so he goes on punish ing himself winter after winter, just for the sake of keeping his pet fad going. He flatters himself that he is ' hardy,' and that we others are very delicate creatures that require to^ be wrapped up to prevent us from perish ing. And so lor bis dearest fad he suffers continual cold in the head, a nose like Ancient Pistol's, watery eyes, blue cheeks, and his poor teeth going as if he had seen a wilderness of ghosts en bloc. There is a small nest of the faddists who in the season never miss a Satur day down the bay in the excursion steamers. For the most part tbey are round and rosy, chippy little men, with cheery ways and average intelligence, sane in every other direction except that of keeping up their bay record. 'I've never missed a Saturday for ten years,' said one in the tram the other morning with pride on his brow. Then he looked at us with the superior air of a man who has performed a feat that should earn for him undying fame. 'Do you like it?' asked "the ' no overeoat' man. * Like it! What should I do it for if I didn't like it ?" he replied. ' O V replied he of the chattering teeth, CI thought it was only just a fad of yours.* A peculiar phase of the mania is- the carpentering eraze. A good many of my f iends have it, and the- symptoms are ail similar. They have a shed in. the backyard wherein they live all their spare moments, making side boards, cupboards, tables, wardrobes,. &c.; These are fearful and wonderful things when made, not like anything above the earth nor in the waters under the earth, and they generally cost about five times what they cau be bought for at any cabinetmakers. This faddist always has two or three of his fingers bound up with rag, the result of mis-directed excursions with his jack-planes or wandering chisels. He keeps bis family awake the greater part of the night with knockings and I hammerings, and when at last he tears himself away from his work he goes to bed smelling of glue, sawdust, and varnish. His latest effort was to make a sideboard for his wifp as a sur prise birthday present, but it was too wide to get past the kitchen door, and so it now stands, in company with tht) safe and filter, on the back verandah. ISTorah uses it for the kcifeboard rvsti and toclean boots at, and stands the jug on it for the milkman in the morning. JNorah's private opinion of the master is,' that he is a rale convanient man, j aliure.' The fad of catching a particular train to town iu the morning and. at : night is a deep-seated one in many • subjects. The chief sufferer I know has his cottage close to the station and one of his children stands as sentinel at the front gate to tell him when the train is approaching. ' Here it comes, father,' brings him out with a bound, scrambling ou his overcoat as he clears the bridge that crosses the line, finish ing the last mouthful of his breakfast as he bounds dowu the steps three at a time. The train is well ou the move as he jumps into our compartment, excited and flurried, with yolk of egg patches on his beard, and his hat ou the back of his head. * Near thing that time, wasn't it ?' 4 Yes,' says the *' down the hay" man, * but you needn't have hurried, there was another train in seven minutes.' 4 If j had lost this one,' he replies,4 it would j be the first time in seven years, and I I'd sooner do anything than that.' At night it is the same thing, only he brings with him a bag or two of fruit or a crayfish, and coming full tilt on to the platform makes for the nearest carriage door, bundling into an already overcrowded compartment, stepping on people's toes, and standing: against the window during the journey. He has been remonstrated with repeatedly, and it has been pointed out to him as delicately as possible that if he rose ! five minutes earlier in the morning he would not have to bring half his break fast into the train with him, and that Iii'm digestion might have a show of getting in its five minutes' work properly. * What!' he answers, ' me late! "Why, I've always stacks of time. D'ye vvaut me to be knocking about on the station for haif an hour doing nothing?' The very worst of the whole army of faddists is the man who believes he lias been sent into the world by Divine Providence in order to li\eu up bis fellow- men by the making of puns. There is a race in the centre of Africa ■who eat their old men when they begin to tell long-winded stories without any point. We might, with advantage, take a leaf out of their book and cremate the word- torturers. My lead ing specimen has little black eyes like coals that dance with delight when ever he is about to discharged one of his miserable pellets. When he gets into our compartment we bury our selves in our papers, but it is no use. As no one will speak he opens the attack. 4 Well, none of you're off color this morning.' No answer; nothing but the slight quivering of sitae papers. 4 You're all well red, don't you see 9' and then his little black eyes dance a fandango, delighted with their owner's player on the word * read.' The 4 no overcoat' man breaks ground, and as we pass over the Yarra Bridge hazards the remark that 4 the river's a bauker this morning.' The tinv black eyes commence a wild reel again, and then comes, 4 Yes, and if we've much more rain, there'll be an overdraft on the banks.7 4 Isn't it a pity,' whispers the' down the bav' man to me,4 to see a human being with such a wretched mania P Itegular attendant at church too— goes down the bay sometimes on Saturday—nice children and all that, lt'd be a charity to tell him what a nuisance he is.' He has got the train-catcher fairly cornered now, and is pouring in broad sides of his idiotic puns. Doubtles on the two cups he calls cup-pies—works off nigh-mettled razor for racer—likes Caulfield because its s(h)andv to the station ; and so 011 till Prince's-bridge station is reaehed. Medicine is the pet fad of a tall thin may with lifted eyebrows and a nose like a quill pen. Epsom salts is his particular weakness. He has 4 had' nearly everything, and eured himself. He scans the papers to find anything new in patent medicines. ' Have you tried,' he asks, 4 Professor B''o\vn Smith's dynamo sugar-coated — self acting— blood-searchers? No. Then you should. No one knows what I have suffered from muscular rheuma tism for years, and thirty boxes have nearly driven it out of me. This weather has given me hobnailed liver again. Luckily I came across a cure to-day—a splendid thing I should think by the advertisement. I shall prepare my system with an ounce of salts to-night, and then set to work in real earnest with the ' hydraulic liver wringers.' A fortnight later I met his wife in widow's weeds. The ' liver-wringers' had evidently accomplished all they were guaranteed to do—and more. 4 Truly,' as Artemus Ward wrote, ' life is a ironik thing.' 