THE STORYTELLER Highland Cousins. A NOVEL. By William Black. Author of 'A Princess of Thule,' 'Macleodof Dare,' &c;, &c.; (Coptbioht.) CKApteh XXXIII.— PERPLEXITIES. When the two Maclean girls came out of church on the following day, Jess seemed disinclined to accede to Barbara's proposal that they should go for a stroll along the sea-front ; indeed, at this time of the year, when the hotels and villas were filled with viators, the townspeople mostly kept away from the fashionable throng. 'Do you want to see some one?' Jessie de manded, ' or do you wish to have your head turned with fine bonnets and the new style of jackets? I never knew the like of you, Barbara, for thinking aooux ureas. ' I do not wish to sit in the house all day reading books,' said Barbara, resentfully. ' Oh, well, I will go with you,' said Jess, with her usual good nature. ' I 'need not be over shy ; they're not likely to look much at me, Barbara, when they've got you to look at.' But hardly had they got down to the front when Jess exclaimed : ♦- Why, there is Allan ! Who would have expected to find him here ! ' At the same moment Barbara's face flushed with vexation. For where was the flower she had counselled him to wear in his buttonhole? And where were the smart gloves and the tall hat ? He did not seem to have altered his dress in any one particular ; he had taken no trouble to fit himself for this promenade ; it was as if he had risen from hie musty books and come out without a thought of appearances. And this was the result— that she had dressed herself in her best, and brought her scarlet sunshade too, to walk up and down with a long, ' gauky, ill -attired student. When he came up she received him with the most marked coldness ; she would hardly look his way ; she left him to talk to Jess ; while she regarded, covertly, the people passing to and fro along the parade. And it was in this fashion also that these three set out together — keeping rather to the road way, for the gay world had possession of the pavement. Allan could not but be conscious of the inexplicable change in her manner ; but be did not betray either surprise or chagrin, while Jessie re mained kind as always. ' I finished the Memoirs this morning,' said she, ' and I will send you the book back to-morrow, with many thanks.' And what do you think of the great Benvenuto ?' he asked. tk I would not like to say anything disrespectful,' Jessie answered, demurely, ' but— but I was thinking to myself once or twice that ' aiblins he was a leear.' Do you remember,' she went on, with a laugh — and she' had a pretty laugh, quiet and happy, and humorous — **do you remember the story of the salamander? He says that when he was a small boy he saw a salamander in the fire, and that there and then his father struck him a blow on the side of the head, so that he should never forget it. That is his story. But I suspect what really happened was this — that he declared he saw a salamander, and that there and then his father hit him on the side of the head to try to cure him of lying. Isn't that the more likely story, Allan ?' ' Indeed it is,' said he. ' And you're quite right ; we've got to guess at what really happened in former times. How do you think, now, that Socrates came by his broken nose ?' ' His wife?' Jess suggested vaguely. ' No, no. It is perfectly clear what happened. Socrates had got hold of an honest citizen, and, right or wrong, would engage him in argument, just for showing off. Then the poor man, finding himself being driven into a corner by a mere trick of logic — feeling that he was being entrapped, and yet not clever enough to get out— and not liking to he bullied and made a fool of before his friends— then he got angry; he up with his fist, .and gave the philosopher a bloody nose. That was the 'argu mentum ad hominem,' you see ; and I suppose Socrates thought he had enough for that day.' Benvenuto Cellini- Socrates ; no wonder Barbara ceased to listen, and turned away with proud in difference from her two companions, and devoted her attention to the fashionable crowd, whose costume, and gait, and bearing had ever and always for her the profouudest interest. She was accus tomed to being left by herself in this way. When those two got together, there Eeemed to be no end to the subjects on which they could talk ; while she was relegated to sUence. And perhaps on this par ticular morning, seeing that every now and again she was aware of a scrutinising glance sent across from the passprs by — perhaps it was just as well that Allan Henderson should pass for Jess's especial friend; his appearance in Barbara's eyes did not confer distinction on his associate for the time being. Indeed, she got away from this too public thoroughfare as soon as ever she could; and the moment fehe and Jess were back home again, and in the seclusion of their own room, her petulance broke forth. ' He was a fine-like sight to come walking with any one ! ' she said, in mingled wrath and scorn. 'Do you mean Allan?' said Jess, wondering. ' He was just as usual.' *' But people are not supposed to be dressed as usual,' retorted Barbara, ' when they go aloDg the esplanade on a Sunday.' ' Dressed ?' repeated her cousin, rather angrily. ' He was well enough dressed. He was perfectly well dressed.' ' And how is a stranger to judge him except by his coat?' demanded Barbara; she did not notice that Jessie's fair and fine complexion had acquired an unusual touch of colour. ' If a stranger,' said Jess, with proud lips, ' does not see that Allan Henderson is a man of strong and remarkable character — if .he does not see that in every line of his face— then the stranger is a fool. And the opinion of a fool is not worth con sidering.' ' Oh, you need not get into a temper,' observed Barbara, tauntingly. ' It would be of better use if you leut the schoolmaster a clothes-brush.' ' His clothes are perfectly well brushed,' said Jess, hotly, 'and perfectly becoming. Perfectly becoming f I wish I could say as much for every one who was there this morning. For there are people who deck themselves out above their station, in imitation of their betters.' It was a cruel speech, and utterly unlike Jess; nay, she stopped abruptly and hesitated. After all, this cousin of hers had been thrown upon their generosity and hospitality ; and she was a (solitary kind of creature. - ' Barbara,' Jess went on, after this momentarv pause, 'lam sorry I said that. I was not meaning it. You provoked me.' 'Oh, you may say what you like,' replied Barbara, with assumed indifference, as she put the red parasol down at the bottom of the drawer and covered it over; 'it is an old story— that nobody must utter a word about the schoolmaster if you are anywhere near by.' That same evening Allan Henderson was alone in bis own room, seated at an open window, and plunged in profound meditation. For there were many problems he* had to face at this crisis. His reason was battling for the mastery, and was point ing out to him that if he wished to withdraw from what he felt to be a false position, Barbara's in explicably capricious conduct offered an opportune excuse. Even in the midst of his infatuation — even as he dreaded to think of losing her — he was haunted by a distressing consciousness that she was in no sense his equal, that she was not the mate he would have choseu if there had been a choice in the matter. But was there a choice P Or was the pairing of men and women a haphazard thing ? And was its accidental character the cause of all the mistakes and tragedies that were visible around ? And what was the nature of this subtle allurement and fascina tion that was so much more powerful than the will of a man, and that paid no heed whatever to his judgment. But then again, if he was driven to confess to himself that Barbara could be no intellec tual helpmeet for him— that ehe was ignorant and simple in a hundred directions — might not that be part of her mysterious charm. Here was a child of nature, to be taken by the hand and led ; here was a virgin tablet on which the finer wisdom of the world could be written anew ; here was a wild blossom, to be trained and guided, while one won deringly watched its growth. And after all, was not the over-riding of reason— the yielding to a blind intoxication of the senses— at a particular juncture in hie — was not that but obeying one of the fundamental laws of existence ? Who could tell but that there were other powers at work in this business of selection— inscrutable and inexorable powers ? Could there be any sorrier spectacle than that of some poor item of humanity, hanging back, consulting his judgment, with ' I will — I will not.' while the inherited influences of millions of centuries were imperatively saying to him, ' There is the woman we have chosen for you ; her you must seek to gain, and none other. If you fail, then you have baulked our purpose — away with you to the limbo of discomfiture and despair?' These dark and intricate communings were broken in upon ; Mr. M'Fadyen appeared — merry-eyed, alert, self-confident. ' Well, to be sure ! ' he exclaimed. ' All by yourself, on a fine evening like this ! I made sure you would be entertaining your friends at supper, or something of the kind, after what I saw yesterday. Did I not prophesy it many's the day ago? And a smart young madam to go walking through the town wi' ! — Dod, she's a clipper!— there's a style about her. I tell ye— a regular young Queen of Sheba ? ' ' Are you talking of Barbara Maclean ?' said the schoolmaster. ' But that was twenty-four hours ago. . And twenty-four hours in the life of a woman ? ' ' Wh t — what now ?' cried the' councillor, in great surprise; he could see that something had occurred. ' I saw her this morning,' said Allan, briefly. ' She had-hardly a word for me.' ' Man, man, is that all?' responded Peter, with hearty cheerfulness. ' Do ye no understand ? That's only their tricks, man ! They're all like that. Thev're well aware that if they kept aye in the same temper, they would lose interest for ye ; and so one day it's all smiles and sunshine, and the next day it's nothing but discontent and perversity. Come away, now— cime away this very minute: and we'll go along to the widow's ? ' Well, Allan was in a half -reckless mood ; he hardly knew what was happening to him, what toils and snares were surrounding him. They went to the widow's. And from her at least they had a moBt friendly welcome. 'And so the holidays begin to-morrow, Allan, lad,' said she. 'I'm sure they'll do you good ; you've been too hard at work at your classes. And how is your greenhouse getting on, Mr. M'Fadyen?' ' Oh, fine ; just fine,' responded the councillor. ''There's some may be laughing at me for keeping a bit of greenhouse, and a few out-of-door plants, cheek by jowl with a coal- yard ; but if they had any philosophy they would know it's just there such a thing is wanted. A touch of verdure — a touch of verdure— it's wonderful how refreshing to the eye it is. And the euonymus bushes are doing well— it's strange they have not been oftener tried in this climate — I'm looking forward to having them green all through the winter. That's the only drawback about the tree-fuschias — withering down iu the winter ? ' ' It's quite true what ye say, Mr. M'Fadyen,' observed the widow, placidly. ' And one of these days I must come along and look at your anonymous bushes, when it's such an interesting experiment — ' ' The sooner the better,' returned the councillor, politely. ' The sooner the better. And in the meantime I am goin» to insist on Miss Jessie and Miss Barbara here putting oh their things and coming away for half -an -hour's stroll ; it's just sinful they should be sitting indoors on so splendid an evening.' And he did insist — stortnily. overbearingly— until he had his way ; Jess was the first to give a laugh ing consent ; then she and Barbara quitted the room to get ready. When the four of them by-and-bye set out, the councillor was quite gay and trium phant ; ar,d it ought to be added that he wore a most dapper and summerlike costume — white vest, cut away coat, and variegated necktie. They left the town by the Dunstaffn age -road — making for the upland heights overlooking the western and northern seas. They walked two and two ; and the schoolmaster, who had at first, been inclined to coldness, if not to austerity, very speedily found, and that greatly to his surprise, that his companion wished to be com plaisant, and evenjingratiating. ' You have never told me,' said she, in rather a low voice, when there was some little space between them and the couple ahead of them, ' of the fight between you and Ogilvie. I want to know. How did it begin?' It was the very last thing in the world he would have wished to talk about ; but she was insidiously persistent. She betrayed the strangest curiosity about the smallest details. However reluctantly, he was forced to. relate to her, bit by bit, what had occurred. ' And you had him at the very edge ? ' she asked, with 'glowering' eyes. ' It was too near for both of us.' ' But he was the undermost. You had the mastery over him ? ' she demanded. He would not say. ' He was the undermost— did you not tell me that?' she demanded again. ' Well— he was.' 'Then why did you not let him go over ?' she said, with set teeth. He was astounded. ' Barbara, do you know what you are saying ! Would you have had murder committed ? ' ' It would have been no murder ! ' she said pis 8Tonately. ' It was a fair fight— he would have had you over if he could. Well, maybe you will be serving him better some other day — and more to the purpose ! ' He could not understand this savage outburst ; but he dared not question her further, for the two in front of them had paueed in the roadway to inquire which route they should now adopt. It was by this time nearly nine. The sun had set, but there was no lack of light. The afterglow seemed to have set the whole world on fire. Indeed, when they bad decided to go onwards and downwards to the sea, and when they had reached the heights above Penyf mr, a most extraordinary spectacle lay stretched out before them — the smooth waters of Loch Linnhe were as a Like of blood, the heavens overhead were an in d'scribable glcry of flame, while between the resplendent crimson sea and the dazzling cumson sky stood ranged the mountains of Morven, of the richest, deepest, softest plum colour, the only apparently solid thing in this wild and general con flagration. The night was yet far off, if there was to be any night. They would have abundant leisure for their return through the woods along the shore. And so they descended from these uplands to the coast, making their way round by Ganavan and Caroas Ban, and through the trees that encircle the base of the Castle Hill. The councillor was in great form. He was drawing attention, as if he owned them, to the various objects that came within view ? he was displaying his knowledge of natural history' A large dark bird with noiseless wings went sailing from one branch to another ; then a short, discord ant yelp — a strange sound iu the prevailing silence— pioclaimed the tawny owl. A smaller creature black as jet against that blaze of crimsnn light— kept jerkily fluttering over their heads, and Peter repeated the boyish rhyme, ' Bat, bat, come into mv hat ;' though, having attained to years of wisdom, iie did not fruitlessly attempt to capture the flitter mouse. A belated weasel stole along the path way some distance ahead of them, and then dis appeared in among the heap of stones tumbled down from the lofty ruins. But it was when they had got round by the old-fashioned garden to the corner of the- bay that the councillor had au opportunity of really distinguishing himself \ for at this point a rabbit, closely followed by a black collie, ran across just in front of them, the pursued animal making for the ivied and precipitous cliff underneath the Castle. ' Ah, do you see that now ?' cried Mr. McFadyen. grasping his stick by the ferrule end. ' That poaching rascal of a dog !— if I could get at him I'd teach him a lesson ! The mongrel brutes ! — they don't belong to the place — they come in from the town — I wonder the keeper does not shoot every one o* them— and that black thief of a brute, I'd just li&e; to get near it—' Nay, so indignant was he that he left his com panionsand began to ascend the steep hill. Both rabbit and collie had got out of sight ; no doubt the former had reached the shelter of the ivy, and made its way into one of the numerous crevice3 well known in these parts to the coney of the rock. But the dog ? — well, the dog must be somewhere about— and here was the valiant Peter, determined on lawful castigation. The next moment Mr. M'Fadyen paused. The black collie, having relinquished the chase, was now returning ; and when it caught sight of this stranger, it stopped short. The two glared at each other — and Mr. M'Fadyeu did not advance. ' I'm not so sure,' he called down to Jess, ' that this is a town dog. It may belong to the place, after all ? ' There was a low growl, ending in a sharp and menacing bark. ' What do ye think?' the councillor called again. 'I would not like to harm a dog that belonged here — ' The barking was renewed, with a more savage accent ; the collie, showing angry teeth, was draw ing nearer. 'He deserves a thrashing, of course,' called Peter, with some tone of apology. ' No doubt about that. But— but maybe it would be best to leave that to the keeper. What do ye think ? I would not like to harm the dog if I thought it belonged to the place. What do ye think?' ' Oh, come away, Mr. M'Fadyen, and leave the dog alone !|' Jess called to him. It was with a certain caution that Peter begau to back down the slope ; and when he rejoined his com panions bis face was extremely red— perhaps with the exertion of climbing and descending again. ' I'm not sure I was right in letting him off,' he said, doubtfully. ' Maybe I was wrong in letting him off. When you catch a poaching djg in the very act ye should thrash him then and there. But, on the other hand, ye see, I would not like to punish a dog that belonged to the place— that would hardly be my business, would it? Oh. well,' he concluded, with a magnanimous air, ?' maybe it was better to let him go for this once, anyway ; I thought he might have the benefit of the doubt.' ' Yes, yes ; why should you want to harm the poor beast?' said Jess; and therewith they con tinued on their route— rouud by the curve of the Bhore, towards the out-jutting rocks, Barbara was silent and self-absorbed on the way home. For while these others had been watching the encounter between Mr. M'Fadyen and the black colhe, she had been regarding the steep cliff that towered away upwards to the ruins of the ancient castle. It was over that cliff that Ogilvie would have fallen headlong if the schoolmaster had not released him and given him his life. Chapter XXXIV.-A RING. Next morning, to Barbara's surprise, Allan Hen derson presented himself ; and the first glimpse she had of him showed her that there was a marked change in his outward appearance — he wore a suit of light grey Harris homespun, and he had discarded his slouched felt hat for a wideawake of the ordinary kind. He at once explained the object of his visit ; the summer school-vacation had begun ; he was a free man once more ; and now he wanted to know whether she wou'd not lay aside her work and come away with him for an hour or two's ramble in the country. It was a bold request, truly, considering the capricious and uncertain fashion in which she had been treating him of late ; but perhaps with this newly-found liberty certain daring, or even despe rate, hopes and fancies had got possession of the schoolmaster's brain. She seemed to regard the holiday look— the off duty look— of his attire with distinct approval. * But what isthe use of the country ?' she said. ' There is nothing to see. And it is too eariy. If you come back about half -past 12, I can be ready then ; and we will go somewhere.' He was far too well pleased with her compliance to think of hurrying her; he went away, and loitered up and down the esplanade, scanning the various {Continued on page 864.) And so Jess got away ; and by unfrequented paths she s';ole out into the moorland country, where she was alone, and glad to be alone. For perhaps ' the foolishness was on her;' and if the 'mid teaw' must fall, she would not have any one know her shame.— Chapter XXXIV. yachts ; then at the appointed hour he returned. It was obvious that eome portion at least of the interval Barbara hal devoted to decorating herself for this, expedition. The young Queen of Sheba, as Mr. ? M'Fadyen had called her, was welt bedight. Nor had he ever before found her so gracious. They had got but a little way from the house when they came to the chief fruit-and-flower shop in Duu- , troone ; and here she stopped. *5 Coun in for a momeut,' said she, ' and I will get you something to wear in your buttonhole.' ' i'hank you, Barbara,' said he, hanging back — with something of an impatient frown as well — ' but I do not care about such things.' She would not be denied. She bade him wait. She went into the shop, and chose one or two flowers, tying the stems togither; ani when she came out again, she heiaelf pinned the little nosegay into the lapel of his coat. He forgot his ill-temper — her kindness was bo manifest, and so unexpected. 'You are no longer a schoolmaster,' she said with a laugh; 'you are just like the other young men now. And 'some day when I have enough pocket-money I will be buying you a pair of gloves.' ' Gloves ?' he repeated. *' They are not much in my way, Barbara.' 'Ah, but I see that you can make yourself very nice-looking when you choose,' she went on. ' And now you are no longer the schoolmaster ; now it is the holidays ; and you will be having plenty of time to dress well and look after yourself when you go out for a walk.' Indeed, she was quite animated ; and as they passed round by the harbour and approached the South Pier— to which the Aros Castle had just come in — she became still more blithe and communi cative. The schoolmaster had not chosen this route ; she had, unperceived by him, led the way ; it mattered little to him whither they wandered, so long as he and she were together. But on thiB occasion it became clear that Barbara did not mean to ignore the presence of the Purser. On the con trarV, as they were passing the moored steamer, she stared boldly at him— until Ogilvie averted his eyes, and went on with his work; and she talked floutingly and with open scorn ; it seemed as though she was not at all unwilling that her taunts should be overheard. ' The poor fellow ! ' she exclaimed. ' No wonder he is angry that he has to look after herring barrels ! He is not much better than a railway porter— do you think it is being any better than a railway porter? ? ' . ' Quiet, quiet, Barbara ! ' her companion said. ' Let him alone. You need not look his way, nor he yours.' ' Some day will you take Jessie and me for a sail to Tobermory ? ' she demanded. In other circumstances he would gladly have welcomed the proposal ; but there was something he did not understand about the relations between Bar bara and the Purser ; a trip to Tobermory— if it was to be on board the Aros Castle, with Ogilvie passing to and fro — might involve a good deal oi embarrass ment. But in the meantime they were now leaving the South P»er behind ; Barbara, for the sake of her pride, appeared to make some effort to recover her equanimity ; and soon they were toiling up the slopes of the Gallows Hill, on their way to the lofty plateau and its spacious view of mountain, cloud, and sea. And surely this was a day fitted for the allaying of lempestuous passions — now as these two seated themselves on the bench at the foot of the flagstaff ; a brooding, calm, and peaceful day ; nor yet a day of gloom, for the soft, white, woolly skies showed here and there a silvery glow as if the sun were trying to break through the thin trans parent veil. There was hardly a breath of wind ; the pale leaden -hued or lilac plain of waters did not stir ; a solitary yacht hung idle off the point of Lis more. The ivied ruins of the Castle were dark and distinct and intense against the luminous heavens ; but the far hills in the west and north seemed to have receded until they had grown aerial and visionary — mere ghosts of mountains. And everywhere a pre vailing silence, in which could be heard the throb of the paddles of the Aros Castle on her way across to the North Pier. And whither had fled now all the problems and doubts and hesitations— the perplexities with which he had been torturing himself ? He and she were to gether, the sweet summer air around them; the world lay brilliant and beautiful before them ; the mys terious attraction and allurement of youth was a trembling and inexplicable delight. And she was bland and complaisant ; a marvellous thing ; he knew not how it had all come about. What did it matter if abstruse mental and moral enigmas were all a blank to her, so long as the wisps and curls of her raven- black hair clung carelessly about her ears and neck, so long as her smile said more, than any words, so long as heaven seemed to shine in the liquid deeps of her eyes ? Perhaps she did not know much of the story of dead and gone generations ; but for every man and woman the all- important time was their own time ; the universe for them was the universe in which they found themselves alive ; and here was one who could surround herself— and perhaps a neighbour or two — with an atmosphere of unimaginable glamour. The charm of books, and forgotten languages, and distant people ?— there was a stranger charm when she turned her out-curving lashes towards him, timid, shy, half- coquettish as she might chance to dp. . . Little need was there for talk ; to be so near to her . was enough ; and yet the one consuming thought and desire of his mind drove him on to speech. ' Barbara.' he Baid in a low voice— for there were one or two people seated on another bench eome dozen or fifteen yards away—' you were kind enough to offer me a pair of gloves. I wish you would accept a little present from me — that would mean more than that — that would mean a good deal more than that ? ' 'A present?' she repeated— and her eyes were pleased and expectant. ' A ring,' he said. ' Would you wear a ring if I gave it to you? ' ' Oh, yes,' she answered, without a moment's hesitation. . ; *' But do you understand ?' he went on. 'Do you understand what the significance would be ? ' The jet-black lashes were lowered now. ' Maybe— I do not know,' she said. . ' Well, your wearing the ring would be a pro mise—a prbmise that you will be my wife. Will you wear the ring, Barbara ? ' ' Yes,' she said. There was no affectation of coyness or fluttering alarm ; there was a touch of pride, of defiance almost, in her tone; but in his delirium of happiness he took no heed of such trifles. Nay, bo anxious and eager was he to make secure the prize he had thus unex pectedly won— and won in such an amazingly simple fashion — that he would have her go away down with him, there and then, to Mr. Boyd, the jeweller's, that this fateful trinket might straightway be chosen. And Barbara seemed nothing loth ; she rose to her feet. ???*?.? . ' Will they be thinking it strange,' said she, ' if they see me wearing a ring ?' ' Why, of course not,' he said, joyfully enough. ' An engagement ring is nothing out of the common. If any one is curious, you can explain ; but they will all get to know — and the sooner the better.' She did not appear to be at all overwhelmed by the gravity of the step she had just taken. As they were going away down and into the town he was recalling to her certain things that had happened since the night of the wreck of the Sanda, to prove to her that this goal he had triumphantly reached at last he had been aiming at all along. But she inter rupted him. ' Oh,' ehe said, ' it is no use looking back. AU \- that is gone away and done. The present is enough.' ' Indeed it is,' said he. :1 And it would be mar vellous if I were not to think so.' When these two weut into the shop, Mr. Boyd, glancing -from one to the other, seemed a little astonished ; but of course he madp. no remark : it was only when- Allan asked to-be ehown-one-or-two - plain gold rings that the jeweller revealed what was passing in his mind. 'Ay. Is* it a wedding-ring, then ?' he asked. At this Barbara did betray some slight confusion ; but Allan stepped in to shield her. 'No, no,' said he, goodhumouredly. 'Not yet. You're in a Tium\ Mr. Boyd. 'It's 'only 'a little present I was thinking of ? ' -'Oh, yes, to It?, sure,' said the shopkeeper, in stantly retro iting from his false position and finding safety in a study of his window, from which he presently extracted a small case of his glittering wares. Now, in the natural course of things, it was for Allan to make his choice, subject to her approval ; hut it very soon appeared that these two were not of one mind in this matter. The (schoolmaster's fancy had been attracted bv a simple gold hoop— a piece of delicate chain work set in a narrow baud. Eighteen carat the metal was, and the price marked on the little ticket was 2.3s. But Barbara was clearly dis appointed. 'It is so plain,' said she, with just a touch of petulance. ' It is nothing — no one would notice it ? » ' Maybe you would like something more showy ?' Mr. Boyd suggested— and he brought out another case. ' This is a very nice one.' Well, the ring he now placed before her was certainly a more gaudy ornament. It professed to be of rubies and diamonds, the stones alternating, while the ticketed price was only 15s. When Bar bara took it in her hand her eyes lit up with unmis takable pleasure. ' Yes,' she said, ' that is something to look at — that is something that can be seen.' ' But, Barbara,', remonstrated the schoolmaster almost angrily, ' you don't want to wear imitation things, do you 'r These stones are not real, Mr. Boyd? Of course not, at that price.' ' Oh, no ; they're imitations. But they're very good imitations,' answered the jeweller. ' And the setting is gold— 12 carat gold.' ' It is very pretty, however,' said Barbara, regarding the bauble with fascinated eyes ; and she tried it on her finger to see how it looked there also. Allan was vexed and chagrined ; but how could he quarrel with her on this morning of all mornings ? She had just given herself to him ; he had just won the crown of life ; and was he to refuse her her choice of a trumpery gewgaw ? ' Well, if you wish it, ' ne said ; 'but I should have thought you would have preferred something real— not bits hi glass ? ' ' Then if I am not to have it I am not to have it,' \- she said shortly ; and ehe pulled the ring off her finger and tossed it aside. ' Show me some others.' ' But if you would rather have it, Barbara ? ' he was saying to pacify her, when she again inter rupted him. ' I am not caring for it any longer. Some other one — it is no matter which it is.' And eventually a compromise was arrived at. It . is true that the ring she ultimately accepted cost more than either of the others — cost him well over a week's salary ; but at least the rosette of garnets which it bore consisted of genuine stones. And there certainly was more display in this deep crimson ' ornament than in the plain gold hoop that he had at first offered her. They did not continue their expedition further at this time ; but before they parted, Allan promised to come along in the evening : he was impatient to let Mrs. Maclean and Jessie know of the great change that had taken place in his fortunes and prospects. They were to learn of it before then. On her way home Barbara called in at the shop ; and Jess, from behind the counter, was not slow in des crying the pretty trinket. 'Well, Barbara, you are the one for setting yourself off ! ' she exclaimed. ' And where did you get such a beautiful thing as that ? ' 'The schoolmaster,' said Barbara, with a laugh and a blush. Jess was silent only for a second. 'Then—then it is settled between him and you ? ' she asked, diffidently. 'Oh, yes, we are to be married,' replied Barbara —still regarding the ring. 'Will you tell your mother, Jessie, that Allan is coining along to night?' ' Yes, I will tell her. But— but don't you expect me to say something, Barbara? For I am sure I wish that both of you may be very happy — I am sure I wish that.' ' And I am sure of this,' said the girl — touched by the tone in which these words were spoken—' I am sure of this, Jessie, that no one can oay you are not very kind to those about you.' And therewith she left. AU that long afternoon— after she had confided these tidings to her mother — the ordinarily light* hearted Jess was strangely pre-occupied and silent. ' It was my head— it is nothing,' she would say, in answer to her mother's inquiries ; and then again she would struggle on with her accounts. But at last she gave up. 'Would you mind attending to the shop, mother ?' she said, with rather a tired air. ' I would like to go for a little walk ? ' ' But you will be back when Allan calls?' the widow said. ' He will be expecting your congratu lations- — ' ' Yes, maybe I will be back,' Jess said. ?« Maybe. But, if I am not, you will give him my best wishes, mother, and tell him I hope they will both be very happy. But he knows that — he knows that is what I am wishing for both of them.' And so she got away ; and bv unfrequented paths she stole out into the moorland country, where she was alone, and glad to be alone. For, perhaps, ' the foolishness was on her ;' and if the ' wild tears ' must fall, she would not have any one know her shame. (To be continued.) 