UNCLE JOHN'S DOUBLE By G. B. Buna in, Author of "His Lordship, i' &a; ; All Rights Reserved. I. : They mot under tho mistletoe, unoonscioualy on her part, designedly on his ; and since they found themselves in suoh a situation thero was dearly but: one thing to.be done. At loast Travare thought so, and lie did it without he«itation. Veronica said, Oil ! ' but had - not suffioient presence of mind to removo from suoh a dangerous neighborhood ; whereupon Travers again proved what be thought of tbo situation — Trevors waa seldom at a loss in an emergenoy — and Veronica blushed, aoftly murmuring at tho seme time "You know you mustn't." . " That," said Travart, "would seem to admit of argument. In order. to be quito sure of what we are arguing about, hadn't I bettor ?" ."You are very exaoting," declared Veronioa, after.an interval, in whioh they hnddoubtless argued out the question from all points of viow. "Very, exacting indeed. I'm not at all euro that Undo John wnsn't right whon he said you were dangerous — very dangerous." "Undo John doesu't know in tho least what he is talking about," aaid Travers. "If he had any knowlodge whatover of -human nature, ho would be aware how silly it ie of him not to realise that a lovely girl liko you. cannot help' having lovere by the dozen. Aud then he makes matters worse by asking me here. What oould he expect when I am - daily exposed to tho glances of your most sweet blue eyes, and yonr lovely preaenoe makes a annshino in this old hall?" "It does seem unreasonable," said Veronica, listening to this well deserved flattery. "It does stem ' unreasonable. I suppose I must marry somebody. " "It would not be right," said Travers. "It would most certainly not be right for you to re main single aud constantly deal unhappineas to tho hearts of all the young men around here. Out of meroy to tliem— and to mo— It is your duty to become tho mistress of my home." Veronioa considered. "Shall we say out of meroy to you first, and the othors afterward?" ahe demanded. "If there were no danger of being inter rupted," pursued Travers, "I would throw my self on thy knoes before you and toll you — — " "How dark it ia here I" suddenly broko in the voice of 'Uncle John,' "Plaguo on it, Veronioa — Veronioa Hayes I say— are you any where noar?" . "Yo-ce, uncle, '.'said Veronioa, emerging from tho shadow of the door, as the old gentleman touohed a button and flooded tho hall with light. " Whose long legs aro .those in the corner ?" grunted Unole John auspioiously. "I believe they belong to Mr. Travers i" faltered Veronioa. "Believe they belong to Mr. Travers! You don't suppose he was fool enough to borrow them," grunted the old gontloman. "Poor things, sir, but mine own," remarked Travers, following hialt-gs as they emerged from the shadow. Ho oomplaoentiy surveyed what ths old housekeeper oalled his " be-yew-ti-ful extremities " for a moment, and added, with a courteous how, " They are very muoh at your service, sir." The old gentleman grunted again. "Very good legs to ran away with." "Not from Applecombe Hall, or from fair Mistress Veronioa," said Travers, with anotbor nonchalant bow. "Fie, air, fie I You surely will not attributo Bttoh bad taste to them." The old gentleman began to nervously play with the eleotrio button. "I oamo in here to try bow it waa working," lit said grimly, for he had been wandering about.the house liko a oliild with a new toy, turning the eleotrio light on and off a dozen- times every fivo minutes. "It. seems to me there ought to havo boon another light at the bottom of this dark rcoesa ; there's nothing at all in there. This lamp only throws .tho light 2 or 3 feet Inside the entranae. I don't like waiting up from my nap by tho winduw at the other end to'flnd mysolf in darkness. It makes me uncomfortable. Besides, tho houso will be full of people at Oliristmas, tho day after to morrow, aud I must havo a quiet corner to mysolf." "Ia.it too late, unole?" inquired Veronioa, gently, though she did not approve of this eleo trio light in a fine old oountry mansion. .She fanciod that it might disturb the family por traits on tho walls, and' annoy tho boIloB of past generations, who had never before boon sub- looted to suoh fierce pulilloity. It was doubtful, in soma oases— in others past nil ' doubt— whether their past records ; oould boar this searching inquiry. . "Yes," said Unola John, "all the workmen went baok to London this morning. They've thoir hands full, getting ready for Christmas." Tho old gentleman stood leaning on a blaok osno, his gouty knuckles hidden by wide laoo ruffles. The bosom of bis shirt was ruffled, too, aud stuok out like tho baok fin of a peroli. Ho woro blaok knee-breeohes, with silk stookings to match ; a silk ribbon, with a bunch of seals at ths end, hanging from his fob ; and his feot woro onoased in shoes, out iow,'to do jnstieo to tho shape of his anklos, and ornamented with largo pasto buoklos. Ho was somewhat bent with age, but tall, with a liook nose, slightly tinged with red, and hawklike eyes. In faat, he was a very domineering old man, who nevsr brookod contradiction— a selfish old man, who did not mean to nliow his nicoo to marry beoauso ho wanted her oompany himsolf. The iuvitatiou he hod given to Travers to spend Christmas at Applecombe Hall was the rosult of a compro mise with Veronica, who had declared her inten tion of going to her aunt, Lady Gatwiok, unless her own friends woro invited to Applooombe. II. It suddsnly ocourred to Travers that now was tbo tlmo to fulfil hia mission of beings nuisnnoo to Unole John. The domineering old man could not very well order him off the promisee until after Christmas. Veronioa returned bis eyo if ho met a gipsy hag. A"o.?dly drovr hia long leg together f how and said, with great politeness "i P"1' the houor to request your ward's hand in maw' Unolo John's hawlc liko eyes blazed. Ho' about to bo very rudo indeed, but Buildonfv membored that ho was addressing a guest w made a bow which in point of olSe. Travers's very hard. "And I havo tho honor to deolmt your proposal,", ho said wot 23 My ward ia not yet af age. ' I ptcfo'r tJ;.,3"' should not marry for soino years to Jonie aid cannot see myself consenting to any auch unlSn as the one you prop039." "union " yoursolf I Oh, but you shall ... yourself," said Tiavors, angrily. 889 ttgSjjr "i.'«Srt?ftv "My 1 approbation of yonr society is suoh that I oould not think of letting you go " su»va?„ dcotared tho old gentloman. " Careful relic tion may throw a littlo moro light on tu matter-after Christmas." BUt inturbhJrVe7onieahe H „ Sho oojild just see the dim outline of his head He looks like a ghost,'; alio aaid, with a littlo Bhiver; " a very poor old lonely ghost without anyone to care Tor him or warm his rattling bonss, provide him with phantom oupa of some® ,oin?<Jrtin8 a"d, imaginary hot water bottleB for bis poor old toes at night " I- "ulI(lon imPu'Be Of pity, she ran lightly into tho recess and kissed the old man. "Eh what, what— what's that?" ho inquired half waking from his nap. ' ga!l'nIy maid<m al1 forIorn." »aid Veronica The old. man grunted eomething inaudible and went to sleep again, 9 Travers remained in doep thought. His muoh maligned legs Bhowed to advantngo as he leaned against the tfriantelpieoe. " Veronioa, I will play that orobbed old man a trick, and if it suc ceeds ho shall oome and live witli us, or we will honor him with our presonoo for the rest of our days." " You will not hurt him ? » asked Veronica anxiously. . "NV' said Travera oheerfuliy, "of oourso not His only fault in our eyes is that he is too i „ , yu. Still, that is no reason why I should bo made unhappy for a whole year. I can no mora imagino my living a whole yoar without you, sweethoart, than I can sea myself deolted with angelio winga and flying through thoair." "You.have lived without me all this timo," urged Veronioa. "I.Bhould hardly oall it a living," returned Travers. . " How I have contrived to drag out o most miserable existence for so long, I know not. . Tho only thing whioh enabled me to have any appetite at all must have been a kind of dim foreknowledge that I should meet you some day." "Have you never mat 'me 'bofore?" asked Verouica misahievausiy. "I will not deny," returned Travers, "that in-my endeavors to find you I have made one or two mistakes; but I alwaya' found them out in time before matters became serious. They never made my appetite vary. Now, after I first met you, I beoame a perfeot skeleton. Aunt Tabitba was very mueli alarmed, And brought mo oamo- mile tea; If you had ever tasted Aunt Tabitha's oamomilo tea you would prefer death. It has all the bitterness of love without any of its lurk ing sweetness. Now I must get a horse and gallop off to tho telegraph station. Will thsro beanyono but oursolvea here to-morrow night?" "Not to-pnorrow night," said Veronica" " After dinner on Christmas eve Unole John always Bits in tho rcoess and baianoos his ac counts for tho year." " His accounts ?" " Yea ; ao muoh to debit and credit for ail his aotions.' _ " Therefore," aaid Travers, looking at Vero nica, hia eyes dancing with delight, "Therefore, it is our. manifest duty to allow him bow to arrive at a just settlement. Don't ask me any questions, . sweetheart. I will Bteal into tho stables, get a horse, and gallop off under the light of the stars to the telegraph (Ration. I must havo tho asaistanoe of a friend in whom I can trust; Won't you put on a hood and boc ma start?" Tho girl . laughed merrily, aa the two oon- epiiatora stole lightly round the baok of tho house and entered the snug stablo, where a dozen horses munched, away in patrician case, each stall hearing the name of its occupant in gold letters, . "Tako. Rod Rupert," whispered Veronics. "Ho is the fastest of tliem all, and knows me, Joe, come bore.'.' . Joe emerged from tho harness room, whero ha had been, playing dominoes by himself— right hand against loft. "Joe," said Veronieo, "got Rod Rupert' saddle. Mr. Travera is going down to the village. Ho will be baok la three-quarters of an hour. You understand? Yon needn't montion it to anybody," Joe grinned approvingly as Travers slipped a sovereign into ins extended hand. " It II do Red Rupert a power, o' good, Mi»s. Ho ain't beon out of tho stable for two days. His legs 11 begin to fill if . he ain't galloped a hit " "I'll tako oaro of that," aaid Travore, as ha rode iiito tho yard and put Rod Rupert at the low. hedgo .whioh separated it from the pad dook. - ' Red Rupert skimmed over the hedge like a swallow, ."That's a gent as could go to sleep on a 'oss and not get thrown neither," said Joo approvingly, when Veronioa turned to walk baok to the house. ' "You never say nioo things about my riding, you unfeelingold man, "remarked Veronioa, witli mook asperity, . The old groom ohuokled. " Yon don t want no 'oia of ride,' Miss. Just Btretoh out those pretty whito wings of yourn (ho pointed to the sleeves of hor ermine oloak) and flyin 11 oome natural to you." "Joe," aaid Veronica sweetly, " you nre a very doserviug old man indeed. Hero is another eoverelgu for you." , . . Joo took it gratefully and returned to 111 dominoes. "Now I wonder what they ro up to, ho said, thoughtfully. " It'll bo worth twoquid to groom Red Rupert If ho'sgoin' to kcop that paco up there and baok. . Howsomcdover, tain c no business of mine j" and lie solemnly reoom" mencod his game, III. When Travore returned after despatching hie tolegram, there was'notmuoh jumping power isio In Red Rupert. "Sorry I had to bucket Mm saidTravers, apologetically, to Joe; but I cl only a few minutea to do It In." Ho aurvoyed He ' Report's steaming flanks and heaving sides ,a!!nhr1t'Utako tho nonsenso out for him for /n.rlVtines, sir, "said Joe, ohoerfully. " He's that nMcoua when ho ain'tbocn out for a day or gffi, ohnok most people off Ilia baok. Now I,en a Bible Christian oould ride him. " Trovers produced n.flver. ' Jos,' ho said, " "fhnnkcc.Vir," said Joe. , Me .aceppteil the .tar laboriously out it up into small pieces on f&I;'tovo. and crammed If into ins pipe. It rnskes a powerful smoko this-way, sir. Main powerful, end I pan'do it no other way not by ""lAUsbt'ald Travers, olioorfuliy. " Look . joc I expect 'a friend here to- morrow niDlit about 5.30. Ho will want to ohnngo his things in your harness room by way or a loke. " He fluttered the five, pound note before Joe's user eye". Joe knew Travers to.bo a man who rods straight to hounds. ; This mcau't more .to Mm than anything else in' the universes. "If so be as It ain't no arm to MUm Veronioa, V be eaid, " "Of coiirso not, Joe. ; Why, I tell it yon as a srsat sooret, Joo wo want to get married." , "I suspioioned as ihuoh a long time ago, sir." said 'Joc. " If It was anybody olio but Miss Veronica I'd have hald if ' you wants, to turn voursclf into a toad under a harrer by gettin' married- don't ; but' as it is Miss Veronica, why, sir, I wishes yon good Inbk nnd-plenty of """"Thank you, Joe, thank youj" said Travers, "Seek not to protioipato,' Joe, as Mrs. Gamp "No, sir, not me, sir. You don't ' ketoh me doln' anything of tho'sort," said - Joe, without tho slightest idea what Travers meant ; "but If—" - Travers was gone. _ On Christmas Eve a dog oart drove oautionsly into tbo stable yard, and a olean shaven, dark- complexioned man, as thin as a stick, got out. "Now then, Joe— I'm sure you're Joe— my props, "ho said hastily. "I've only, ten minutos tornskenp." , , „, , „ , "D you moan your sir?" asked the wildered Joe. . ' - ' '' "No, no, no, my good fellow ; that portman- taau and the otlior things ; iond a hand now. Where's the harness room ?" "Hera it be, sir," said Joo, after ho had thrown a rng over tho horse. " Mr. Travers aid as how I was to give yon this photograph of master. Vou won'tstiok pins in him and 'witch him?' "ho added anxiously, as tho stranger proceeded to open a little box and paint pots, tod spread them in a row on tho deal table. , "Of oourse not, Joe. What height is the Sqitiro?" "Five foot eleven, sir, but you must knock off three inches for his stoop." "All right, Joe." The atranger rapidly drew on n pair of blaok silk stockings and breeohes, as ho apoke. "Now then, stick that photo. npagaluBt the glass, and bring me a towel and a basin of water. How do'os the Squire speak, joe? Kind of icy snarl, liko this?" Ho changed his voice with wonderful facility, Joe grew frightened, "It's either the Squire orthe devil," ho said. "Just- a mossel more grumpy, sir, and it's him to tho life." " And the nose ? Turn your hoad a moment, Joe. Now look round. Is tho nose liko him ?" " It be lite cose, Burelle," said Joe, in a whisper. " Lord send I ain't shut up with ' the ' oldpentloman." "Do you mean the- Squire or — —I" Tho stranger pointed significantly to the floor. "Tho Squire,' said Joo, in a terrified whisper. The stianger took something from a pot, and replaced his healthy eolor by the wrinkled pallor of old age. He made Joe turn his head, end when that worthy looked again, the stranger htdconeesled hiBown blaok hair with a very good Imitation of the Squire's silvery looks. "Now get outside, Joe," he said, "and after you've oounted a hundred knock at the door." Joo tremblingly obeyed. "Oomo in," said tho Squire's voice, and Joe entered. The stranger had disappeared. In his placo est the Squire, glaring angrily at Joe. " So, you dog, you Iiok spittle oar," hooried, "this is the way you betray mo in my old age ! Where's the actor fellow who was hora just now ?" "I was justamokin' a pipo outside, and I don't know nothin' about no aotor follow," said the old groom, full of loyalty to Veronica ; and if you wants to git rid of ms arter all these years o' faithful servioe to you, Squire, why you oan, and " "Joe, you're an old fool, but a very faithful old fool, ' said the stranger's voioe. "Just show mo how the squiro walks, and then take mo to Mr. Travers'e room." Joe took him to Travers's room, and got bnok to the stables as quickly as possible, 'lit be main wunnerful," he confided to tho harneas loom cat, whioh sometimes shared his solitude when tho dominoes grew more than usually per plexing. It bo main wunuerful it be, but he'll be a tn Idn me off next, and turnin' mo into him, and that would bo a oome down surelie." IV. Tho squire was taking his usual nap in the raceas before dinner. But ho did not sleep as ®Mly- as usual. In his dreams he seemed to seo veronica a pleading faoo and folt that there wna a great deal of truth in her outspoken condem nation of hu selfishness. Crabbed age aud youth »ui ,i bye togotlier for over. It woe natural that the girl should wish to marry and ho happy with the man of her oholoo. But tho great old .Ann w?u'd be vory lonely without her: ho coutu not bear to be alone, yat - hated the "ought of admitting Travers to that olose inti- naoy whioh the latter desired. Then ho turned neasily in his ohair, rubbed his syes, and sat A V? J1® dreaming ? or mad ? or both ? «oft»baded liEUt filled the recess. At the lain. J1 "®at®d ooaily together on an old fimirn »ere Tt?ver,® and Veronica. Ho saw a fienrSi01!8! SIy towards them, and that ngure was himself. mi»UWbbin hi» eye'L again- No ; there was no hand rr waa ''Is oano in the old man's :®"l ' . felt sure of It. But tho cane stood a, n ,V',;,ob!"r- Huah 1 What was tho figure wjing to the young people? ... Ikmii taking a pinoh of snuff with ttanv n "!Ijr 800 whioh had won tho heart of Sha "Sbtydame In days gone by. It friehlonrd "'® '(' squire, although 'hade nf hL?! "nxloua to know what this Wis snm, Sn '!ou'd do noxfc His ourlosity .H8',ftw bim8elf "dvanoo «heak. Voronioa and kiss hor on the " Mrr'IW?V8rV b# heard himself saying, request « 0811 , no loDKer refuse your 'cauieuJiin ?uw my ward happy by rnan t« J m hor wishes. Yon are a fortunate Muto th. ?er?,50yeftt" younger I would fight hand." d,ath for tll# honor of this lady's 'lm'era fLwuC,ai b,u?k and hoard Travers b® beoam. in disjointed words of thanks. As will find ouHf V. aw,ak?', bo 8"w angry. " I blood, or onli I" doublo of mino is floBh and "ience," he mMB! ?. senAto ®wakon my oon- me tl 6t„? „ ?, N'maelf. » But it must he id' grained l,il8„n „ m?' on my left olioek." jato—blsnk ,i!.i?„ne ®'y Rnd rushed forward be found Tr«»« f 'S ! U8' beyond tho rcoess dreaaed for diS ,'i8 ' Voronioa, who was log i„ h6 nT Th0 "ebb fom tho Yule 'd'oeandShat110 on her whito Biq,,lr? lookod "owllderod. " I_i_t thought, ho stammered, " I— I— t fchonrwfif t saw something." thought I „ J,''1''1'9 ifl bbo i appropriato time for ehoate » gaily nnewored Travers. " Won't bore, squire?" .' Wo" ' i'on om u. He drew a ohair forward for r.lin ni,i toon it and sat gazing oonfunedly into the fire for n moment. " Ycaterdsv r Ure promise," he said grumpily " ! id If5?". " myself consenting to your marriage wltii Ver " WellWI- "hi riiS» a"3! f"rtll,!r bbjeotion. well I—, ho hositatod. "I have snen !nro0iUi.m' tba' b did, and I wlth-W aaVlnlvc.,'1'0 """ .. T1 r«l,CcrB i'vyitated. , Before he oould speak unythh,rUIV? f "Dn'fc. try 40 expla'n anything I v# Been myself, and nothine will convince me. I'm «n oId J" morrow an turnover n'iiow' leaf.'" AImn 'a! Trevere fa?o'ty haTil,B V®ro"'oa and 1 rav ers faco to fact ' After that we oughtn't f?„„?,yi .Rniy u?g', h'-'ded Travers. "He tiill! f double has appeared to him as a hint that he must mend his ways. Got that notion fore I think' T"1!!8,'" b8, 08 'yiannioal as be- i ".""h ' w'1' be wiser to let the matter drop. Oarloton did it remarkably well, but ho only just got out of the hall in time. It is a WO',"'" we wore able to look eo innooont." Only conscious innoconoo blushes." said Carletom" 8 'ld liko lo tbank Mr- l,'ll?im18l,ab?"'ibmt way to H,a s'atinn by this time, _ rejoined Trarer--. " AVImt a quiet, happy Christmas wo Bhuulil havo if Uuolo John only knew'the truth.". done it »C,k ,buddered- "Wo 0UBht not to liavo . "I will spend the rest of my life in atoning to you, sonly murmured Travers, "if we can be married on New Year's Day." "I wonder what I oould get to wear in the time, said > eromc&s; tt really doesn't matter," urged Travers. it. , "fl"'"' oonsideration," said Veronica. Perhaps white satin and pearls," ' Whito satin and pearls will do admirably. " "Or whito silk?" . tirrP » silk," acquiesced Trarer. 1 hero a tho dinner gong.' Lot us go and drink bucoqbs to Unole John's double." 