PALMISTRY. READING BETWEEN THE LINES. MADAME IS DECEIYED. Slio Predicts Twins. The nnciont "palmer" or pilgvitn from Palestine was a sort of religious vagabond wlio wanderod about the country all his life on tho strength of a visit to Jerusalem. The modern " oalmer " wanders about pre- tending to read people's characters on the front of thoir right flip, and does very well. Some of tho palmers are pretty women with large, soulful groy oyes, and bumpy foreheads, and angelic ankles and things. 1'hey sit in sweet littlo studios witli subdued light and cheap effects bore and there, and you pay as much as Ave bob at tho door and go in, and they take hold of you by tho 'grip hoop and smootho the wrinkles out of it, and sigh and tell you rnoro about yourself in lmin 25soc than you can digest in a fortnight. There was a man wo know, a lawyer, you could toll his charactor by his face, and he went to a lady palmist, and tho gentlo creature took him by the forefoot, and told him, among othor things, that ho was precise in business, but of a thoroughly honest disposition. That lawyer man lias boon going around ever since with a beati fied smilo on his phiz, and ho has piled on tho pecuniary agony until most of his clients aro oither insolvent or insane. But wo must not begin by being too rough on tho gontlo palmer. Providing sho does not pahn-her self off as an inspired oracle on all things in Heaven and earth, she does not do much harm to the community. In fact, you can have lots of fun with her. There may bo something in palmistry ; no doubt there is (for tho palmist), but a number of those who make a livihg out of tho latest polite craze know us much about human character as a kangaroo does about a problem in algebra. They are harmless frauds, nothing nioro nor less. "Pother day tho inspired Bikd Artist, a saturnino, spiritual-looking coon, with an Edgar Allan Poo sort of physiognomy, laid him self out to interview a professional palmist. By way of experiment, ho got himsolf up in girl's clothes. Ho is young, and can blush, and, with tho assistance of a veil, he made a fairly presentable woman. Of courso, if bo had been subjected to close examination the deception would have been discovered. But tho Artist was', not going to let anybody look at biui that close. Ho practised up a protty soprano voico and wont down town in a cab. Arrived at the palmer's place of business, bo adjusted his petticoats, took a reef or two in bis eorsot, and wont inside. Madame Paulina Peteroff, from Paris, St. Petersburg, and Paddiugton, was Boated on a Turkish ottoman in a chnstodivan, a la the sorceress of the good old Eastern tale. She smiled sweetly upon the Artist, and called liim " my dear." Eorgotting that ho was masquerading as a lady, thb- Artist thrilled with a platonic Bort of thrill thnt a bishop might bo ex- pected to experience when lie was pro posing to his second or third wife. Peculiar thing that most bishops have moro than one wife. "Do you wish mo to read your palm, my dear ?" cooed tho lovoly creature on the divan. ' "Ye-es," murmured the bold, bad man, as much like a bashful maid, as ho could make his voico sound. "Then come and sit. down. on. tlio sofa beside mo." " The gay nmsquerader, ruthloss invader, gallant crusader did as sho. bade her, and sat down beside' the wise-looking Pnuliana Peteroff (whose othor name is Smith), and slowly began to unbutton his glove. Our Artist is a consummate actor, and while bo was unbuttoning his what-you- call- it 'he siglied fervidly. Prom which tho palmor presumed that hor " lady " visitor was badly in lovo. Sho took tho Artist's delicato inlaid mothor-o'-pearl parasol, and laid it softly against tho wall besido tho sofa. Next she' gently flattened his palm and held- it up towards the light in order to read the lino3. Sho studied thorn for some time .with a sagacious sort of gaze, and said : " You aro fond of dross, and you always try to be in the fashion." s "Ye-es," whispered tlio humor enjoyer, shamoless docoyer, palm loro destroyer, as he cuddled closer to tho prophetess of St. Petersburg and.Paddington. " You have the ring of Tonus strong. You will marry a fair man, of whom you are vory fond." " " Yes, I'm very fond of him," murmured the shameless Artist man, I'm awfully fond of him. I would like to marry him so much." " You will marry him, and yon will have . three children," the prophetess continued, " two boys and a girl." "Oh, crikey!" ejaculated the predicted mother, taken off his guard. The prophetess stoppod and looked puzzled. " I was so surprised : how can you tell ?" ho said, resuming his previous tone of voico. " By your palm, my dear," replied the palmist, reassured. " Your palm tells mo all this. The two boys will be twins." "Oh!" "Yes, and you will livo to be a grand mother." - " Thank you, modatne." "I find tho Mount of Mercury well marked under the fourth finger." " "What does that signify ?" " It shows that you are of a mercurial disposition : you aro fond of singing and dancing; you play the piano: you enjoy lively society. You will go with your husband to Government House after you .are married." "Willi?" "Yes, and your eldest twin will write the history of New South _Wnles up to date.". " Oh, dear 1 Will ho get a good screw — I mean a salary, for doing that ?" "Trade price; .£500 per annum," re sponded tho prophetess. 'Is thoro anything else tho matter with my hand ?" "The quadrangle is plainly apparent. You will die rich and go straight to Hoaven. Two shillings, pleaso." Tho Artist paid tlio money and witlx- di- ow. When ho roaclied homo lie began to persuade bis cousin, who is of a some what masculine appearance, to dres3 up as a young man and visit madamc. Tho lady at first declined to ninsqnorndo as a man, bub on being given to undox-- stand that it was all in the interest of ' science she undertook a male impersona tion. Sho, howovor, xnado conditions to tho effect that the family were not to soo her This is the spludger hand, the line of rum or rum lino underneath tho thumb. Shows that the owner is iuclined to scent himself with stuff out of a black bottle. Tho fatnoss of the forefinger 'is a sign of levity, the man who owns tho hand boing jokist of great resource. The second line under the littlo finger is probably cansod by a corn. It infers thnt the man belongs to the corny-banded son3 of liard graft. Signs of this description am invaluablo in'p scientific palm-reading. The' thumb shows determination of character. A man with a fat thumb like that would bold on to a long beer till the" kisb drop was spilt down his throat. The wearing of a high cuff would seem to point that our friend was fond of fine ' linen, and would not sit in sackcloth and ashes for any cardinal sin that he might bo capable of committing. It is plain that bo is fond of the girls. a la man, and that tho visit to Madame's studio shonld bo made as secretly as pos sible. Then she borrowed the Artist's overcoat, shirt, collar, tie, bat, coat, waist coat, boots, and things, and retired to com mune with Nature. Nobedy knows what passed in tho chaste socresy of that young woman's boudoir, but she .was away a long time. Then a bashful-looking young follow wrapped up in an overcoat einorged, and slid into a cab with a don't-caro-wlio-sces-mo sorb of slide, and was driven to tho place of the pro phetess. Tho latter was carrying on hor pro- phetable trade as proviouslv. Sho took the bashful young man's hand and' squeezed it tendorly. After closely ex amining the linos on tho palm sho said: " You are in an ollico ?" " Yes." " An ollico uuder Government. You were appointed by the Parkas Government on account of your superior qualifications as the rolativo of a Cabinet Minister's sister-in-law — something of ' that sort. I see by your hand thnt you are fond of racing, shooting, and boating, you play football and cricket, you bet a little, smoke, you nre not a teetotaller, you like a drop of rum and milk before breakfast." " Goodness gracious, no ; er — , that is to say — of course, yes, certainly." , " You will marry a blonde young lady No. 2 is a band of uncommon bftauty, nnd indicates great strength of character. The lino around tho thumb shows that No. 2 would put tho nee where bo could find it every trip. 1 1 also lays down the delightful fact that No. 2 has buried no less than throo mothers -in -law. Tho jagged, forked-lightning lines across tho palm of the hand mean tlint tho pos sessor will fall into a fortune at the ago of eightocn. Tho wart on the hack of the thumb indicates q strong disinclina tion to the use of soap and water. Tho blobs on. the fingers show mental reserve. , A man with a band of that description would novor parade liia virtue in public; .. bo would put his bit on the tote and never tell a policeman. Yes, No. 2 holds a good hand. with a good income," went on the pro phetess, "and, she will have a. largo , family." - "Oh,ihy!" "The Mount of-Mnrs shows yon to be of a somewhat qurrolsomo disposition. You would knock another man down- very readily if ho happened to'offond you." "Would I? I didn't know." "Yes; and tho lino of Vonns indicates that you aro amorous aiid' eager ixx the pur suit of pleasure. You have a faculty for intrigue, and you are fond of female society. You must bewaro of dark girls, and do- not run in debt to your tailor or it may bo unlucky for you." " I will remember what you say." "Don't go swimming with other men in deep water " . "No, no!" screeched Madame's, diguisod client. " I am sure I will not do any such thing."- , " Becaxxse the lino of Pate shows mo that you are liable to be drowned before you . reach the age of 30. You aro now about 27 — " Eighteen, please." "You look more than that," asserted Madame. " Aro you not concealing your age for some reason ?" Tho client blushed, and looked confixsed. " Ah ! I thought so," said Madame, tenderly squeezing the hand , of the dis guised, and looking him ' lovingly in tho eye. "And I coxxld tell you a lot of other things about yourself if I wnnteel to, bub if you call and see mo again soon I will have more time to attend to you. I can Bee, howevor, that you will acquire riches, and dio happily, and go to Hoaven. Pivo shillings, please." " This concluded a highly interesting intervioxv, and tho Bird Artist'-s cousin enrae homo all covered with blushes, and vowed sho would never do such a tiling again for anybody. No, not if sho died for it. She thought Madame was a hate ful, deceitful, old thing, and she didn't want tiiose pants any more. The Artist could have tlioui back, and sho was sorry sho wont. This is one sido of tho palmistry ques tion.. To read the palm it is not necessary to see it. Tho job can be done through Joo Cook, tho Posfcuiastor-Geueral, who has succeeded our old friend, Daniel Demos thenes O'Connor, as chief boss of tho penny stamp. You bluo your hand all over, or get it photographed, and send tho facsimile to the palm-reader with a small fco. Your present charactor and future prospocts in lifo will conio along by -return post. A friend of oifrs was clerk to a palm-reading establishment in Sydney some years ago. He says he got some right-down funny experiences. The ' lady who conductod the show was a pretty smart woman and a good judge of character. She was something between a Corean countess and a Wliitoobapel gipsy, bub nobody evor know exactly what. She did most of her biz. through the post, and the bulk of tlie letters that came to hand were signed "'Bridget," aud were written with small "iV and in murderous English. Being of foreign extraction, sho could not read these letters or answer theux, and exnployod the clerk aforesaid to do. so. Ho used to keep copies of some of the more interesting ones. ' Hero is a sample : — . Dear Madm,— fi inolothos mi photo to you. it is the photo of uii writo and, an you reed it for me, am i likley to get inarriod soon. — I remain, yours sincerely, Mart Ellen Munoummbbt. Dear Madam, — I enclose photo of both hands, pleaso road my fortune. I am young, single nnd good looking. I am a book agent by profession, and trnvol in tlio country. I have a great gift of spooch ! — Yours, &o.;, Man of Mark. To tho last quoted effusion Madame's clerk replied: " You have shown your hand very freely. Your profession indicates that you xvill dio young." That was all. Everything considered, it was quite enough, too. One day Madam and her clerk had a turn up, tho i-esult of which was tliat Madam went round to a private bar, xyhere sho was known, and gob seriously inked: 'The highly intellectual and moral assis tant took in a bottle of whisky from the same hostelry, 'ami sat down in his office to argue points with it. The xvliisky even tually gained the day, nnd then the callow youth forgot his caution, forgot tho re putation of the establishment, forgot everything, in short, and laid himself out to do a littlo amateur palm-reading on his own account. There wereanumherof letters from Madame's clients awaiting replies. Ho undertook to answer them. Tho first was from a fashionable young lady well known out Potts Point xvay.- It was accompanied by the picture of a hand, a vory pretty little hand. One could see at a glance that the owner was a well-bred person, and one used to refinement and luxury. Madamo's amanixonsis sent the owner of the hand the following reply : — Your hand indicates that you aro in your fifty-first year. You liaro boon married eight times, 'l'hey say that yon poisoned your first husband, but there is uu direct proof of that. Avoid sitting in tho drnft. You aro impe cunious nnd unscrupulous, addicted to drink, and scrofulous. Beware of the trams. — I remain, yours sincerely, Madame Eatalinski, Fortune-teller, Ac. Another letter contained the photo, of a hand .that was a sure- copy . of Hill the Burglar's paw. Our friend wrote this sweet-reply : — ' Dear Siri— Yon evidently liavo a sense of law and order, and.n strong desire to keep the pcaco. - You should . join the police without . delay. - You would bo an undoubted gnin to tlio. foroo.. Or porliaps .you might go in for divinity; .for xyhich you seem suited. Your generons nature inclines you to tn'ko money out of every oontributiou-box that orosso3' your path.; Your lino of fato shows that' you will marry a widow with oigliteen children. — Yours, &o.; Madame Fatalinski. The unrighteous supernumerary also wrote interesting, replies containing advice to young'people about to marry, and in about No. 3. This is the kind of band yon would hardly like to feel around your neck" about midnight. .It is called tho " Itn- pressivo " variety. Once that hand got onto your wind-pipe it would not let you go until you had given up the ghost, and whatever other valuables you might happen to havo about your person. The ownor of. this hand will in all probability end his day3 in tho presence of a select few with a bit of string around bis neck standing on nothing. Tlio hairs on tho fingers aro a sign of almost anything from pitch and toss to manslaughter. Tho Mount of Murder is plainly visible on the third finger. The length of the nails denote that the wearer is of a cunning and care ful disposition. Ho would not wasto any time in porsonal adoxnmont. Keep away from the No. 3 hand ns much as possiblo. three hours ho made a general hash of a fine' profitable business. Madamo sloped for fresh fields and pastures new. Last heard of, she was down -Melbourne doing a good fortune-tolling trade, but "with lady assistants. 