SPIRITISM. Sib, — Spiritism, where the phenomena are genu ine and are not the result of fraud and trickery, is the latest and grossest of the many delusions with which the dsvil has beguiled the human mind since the hour in which he first whispered to Adam aad Eve, '? Ye shall not surely die, and ye shall be as gods.' It appeals to that pride and ambition which are the poisonous fruits of the evil ideas sown in us by him. He says to his dupes : ' Te are im mortal. Ye are not of the earth earthy. This is neither your birthplace nor your permanent abode. Death is not a change of garments ; it is a sudden leap from the visible to the invisible, an abrupt bound from the realm of sense into the regions of the immaterial, an instantaneous transformation of the animal into the spiritual, a swift flight acioss the enormous chasm which separates the highest of terrestrial beasts from the lowest of the angels.' And that this is an appalling delusion is testified to by the faithful and unvarying witness of nature, which assures us by myriads of impressive and incessantly reiterated facts that she never makes a leap, and knows no abrupt transitions, that all her processes are gradual, orderly, and sequential, that millions of years have been occupied in the growth of the human mind, even from its first implantation in the Eozoon, to say nothing of its earlier growth, and that every analogy should teach us that the interval between that Rimple organism and man cannot be greater than that which separates man from the holy angels. But as the theory of Spiritism rests upon an unnatural aDd therefore an impossible basis, the 'father of lies' invents a series of extravagant fictions in order to recommend it to the human mind, filled, as it is, with a morbid craving for the fantastic, the unreal, and the supernatural. He represents the animating principle, or vital spark in man, as endowed with the capacity of transcend ing the law of gravitation, after it quits the body at death, and of ascending from the earth — without any kind of inherent impelling, or externally propelling power — into certain regions of space called ' spheres,' where it acts organically without organs, and mechanically without mechanism. It thinks without a brain, Bees without eyes, speaks without a mouth and throat, talks without a tongwe, smellB without a nose, eats without teeth, digests its food without a stomach, touches without hands, walks about with out lege, and lifts heavy weights without bones and muscles. It gets ' spiritual seiiEes,' although this, is a contradiction in terms, and begets ' spiritual' children who have bodies, composed of ' spirit matter.' And although reported to be free from all ' material environments' the taind of a person who is supposed to have passed into the ' summer land' is described as carrying cauliflowers, flat irons, flitchos of bacon, domestic utensils, and corpulent women thiough the air, with the utmost ease, nud as coining at the beck and call of any medium or circle which chooses to invoke it, the uppercrust 'spirits' being so much in demand that they are assumed to be present — but how is not ex. plained — in a dozen places at once in different parts of the globe. When in attendance, tho unfortunate ' spirit' 13 represented as talking the most pitiful nonsense in the silliest jargon that ever issued from human lips. The ' spirit world' is supposed to be peopled with ghosts of myriads of men, women, and children, to say nothing ot their post mortem offspring, and those philosophers, poets, statesmen, lawgivers, artists, men of letters, and scientists, who were most cele brated in the body, are reduced co such a miserable condition of servitude as to bo compelled to come and go afc the will and pleasure of any group of people joining hand3 around an acrobatic table, and to be obliged to undergo a catechetical exam ination at their bidding. Tbis is the more painful and humiliating, because each of the ' spirits' who in catechised is compelled to expose the lamentable condition of mental imbecility into which he has fallen in tho 'spheres.' Plato and Bacon have intellectually retroceded so far as to utter the feeblest of drivel. Newton and Locke aveso debilitated in mind as to maunder unmeaning platitudes. Homer and Virgil have taken to write banalities that are ungrammatical, as well as vapid. Shakespeare and Byron have descended to the composition of dreary dogerel j and Aristotle, Spinoza, Malebranche, Descartes, and Humboldt have forgotten everything tboy knew on earth. In fact, the ' communications ' from the so-called 'spirits' prove that the 'summer- land' — suppos- ing such a region had any actual existence— is nothing more or less than a stupendous asylum for idiots, filled with ghastly phantasms, in various stages of intellectual decrepitude and decay. And theee ' communications,' where they are roally ab extra — as many of them are — are carefully adapted to the recipients. Taey range in tone and senti ment from blank atheism to Sunday-school piety. They are sceptical or sanctimonious, according to circumstances. Some are as full of religious silli ness as an ordinary tract, while otters are purely materialistic. For the fallen angels find a malig nant delight in mocking the victims of this terrible delusion, unconscious in the meanwhile that the mediums of whom they sometimes take possession, and out of whose eyes they look, are the ' sides of the pit' in which they themselves are about to be imprisoned for a thousand years. But to those who tamper with these ' manifes tations' where they am genuine, the danger is great indeed, for they aro literally ' drinking of the cup' and eating of ' the table of devils,' and a baleful fire is communicated to them which withers them up mind and body. All such proceedings are contrary to the covirse of nature, repugnant to the law of God, and disastrous to the physical health and mental soundness of those who take part in ;hem. They send more inmates to the lunatic asylum than religion itself, and spiritism is. in reality, the last desperate effort of the devil to retain his dominion over those minds which have renounced his system of Cbristianity, and are seeking after some kind of stay in another creed, or another ' philosophy.' It is one of the signB of the nearness of the end, and ns such is indicated witk the utmost distinctions in one of the Pauline Epistles. 'Now the spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils, speaking lies in hypocrisy, having their conscience seared with a hot iron.' H.C. [Is it not rather dignifying the so-clallei spiritist manifestations to call them the work of ' the devil.' Is there any proof whatever to unbiassed minds that they are anything but clever trickery ?— Ed. MM.'} 