Humour. . — The next best thing to owning sometMng is to be willing to do without it. A Boientist has discovered that women live longer than men beoause they talk more. As regards most men, it is leas dangerona to injure them than to pat them under an obligation. < The way to sleep is to think of nothing,' says a scientist. All an editor has to do is to ruminate over Ms bank aooount. 'Have you heard of the sad fate of the novelist TajettiP He oommitted snloide from jealousy beoause the heroine of his latest story marries another man.'— Flic- gmdcBUttttr . ' Oh, for the wings of a dove !' she sans, As she lifted her voice and curled her bang ; Not that she wanted to fly, bnt that She thonght they'd be nice to trim her hat. — Judge . First Belle-' Then both Here Srfmlze and Herr Lebmann had made her an offer of Second8 dittoHOT 8 SohMzeHrer "SSf- ' I notice that you alwaye sit at your wife's left, Mr.Meggs.' 'Yes,' frankly returned Mr. Meggs, ' that's the side her glass eye is on.' What is the difference between a donkey in the possession of the Shah and a spiteful aeoosation f— One is a Persian ass and the other is an aspersion. Ethel — 'Do yon allow Charles to kisa you when yon are not yet engaged to Mm ?' Maud—' It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite.' Yonng Gotnix (sadly)— 'I saw a sign in a window down the street that exaotly des cribed my condition. Jinks—' What was it ?' ' Gash girl wanted.' I hear yonr son has become an aotor ; how is he getting on ?' ' Very well indeed. He began as a corpse, and now he has already advanced to the role of a ghost.' Old Lady (in courtroom) —What a mur derous-looking villain that prisoner is ! I'd be afraid to get near him. Her husband — 'Sh I that isn't the prisoner ; that's the magistrate. — Fittsburg Dispateh. Bostwick— 'So yon followed my advioe, Jagster, and tried the gold oare. Yon found it effective, didn't yon?' Jagster — 'Very. It took all my money and left me nothing to get full on.' — Truth. Husband— ' Woo ! Hoo! Good land! Why do yon set that alarm clock so that it will go off like that juBt at bedtime ?' Wife ' That is to remind me that is's time to wind it up, my dear.' — PueJc. Miss Elderleigh — ' I wonder why they're introducing suoh old-fashioned dapees. I can't manage to learn theu.' Miss Oausti- que— ' Oh, the steps will all eome baok to you by and by.' — Chicago Record. Oholly— 'It — aw— may be all wight, yon know, but I — aw — find it doosed hard to be lieve tbat we are descended from — aw — monkeys.' Miss Smart (after looking him over) — Idon't.' — New York Press. ' Ah, love, I would like to listen to you all night I' he said as he rose to go. Six months after they were married be ehanced to stop ont fifteen minutes after Ms usual hour of return, and he had Ms detire gratified". Inquiring Child— ' Father, there's a lot in this book about Othello. Who was Othello ? Father—' Othello I Why, bless me, my boy, do you mean to tell me you go to Sunday school and don't know a simple thing like that ? I'm ashamed of you .' A young lady oalled at a music shop and asked for something new in piano mnsio. The clerk asked her if it made any differ ence how many sharps there were in the piece. Oh, no,' she replied.. ' not in the least ; for if there are more than two I always scratch them out with my pen knife.' Fweddy— ' Aw — Miss Ginevwa, eonld you — aw — live in a fiat?' Miss Ginevwa—' Yes, bnt not with one.' — Chicago Tribune. Glairette— ' What are you going to give me, papa, when I get married?' — Papa — ' My consent, Glairette.' — La Baguette. Jones—' TMb oigar you gave me is a vile one.' Brown — 'You don't know a good cigar when I give yon one !' Jones — ' Per haps not ; but I know a bad one.' Briggs — What a severe cold yonr land lady has.' GriggB— 'Yes. She sat in my / room for an hour yesterday.' — New York Eerald. , ' What will dzive a man to drink quicker than a sharp tongned woman ?' Did yon ever try a broiied salt mackerel i'—New York Press. Hungry Higgins— ' Wot's right nowadays ,— t'anh yon, er t'anks ?' Weary Wathins— ' I guess tanks would Mt us abont right.' — Indianapolis Journal. An Irish officer tells an amusing experi ence of bis in the Indian Mutiny. He was one day inspecting a Highland regiment, when what shonld he see standing promi nently forward, as a sergeant, in kilt and pbllibeg and all, but a tenant of Ms father's from the Ooonty Galway. ' Murphy,' said he, is it a Sootohman you are now ?' ' The devil a fear of me, Misther James,' replied Murphy, with indignation. ' I'm a Galway Higblandher, and a HigMandher isn't a Sootohman at all.' — Speaker. 