HAMPTON COURT HAUNTED. Mr. Henry Lucy, in his latest London letter, writes:— " Hampton Court, built by Cardinal Wolsey, with its red brick front tenderly toned by time, and its old-world garden, is one of the most beautiful things within easy access of London. It has now taken on a new charm, for it is said to be haunted. Housemaids going about their ordinary vocations have ' seen things,' and elderly ladies whose widowhood has been Boothed by free quarters in the old palace are saying tnat, cherished as is the privilege, they will be obliged to relinquish it and live in a humbler abode, where spooks cease from troubling and earlier tenants are at reBt. It is no new story this about ghosts at Hampton Court. It is recurring at intervals, going back to Stuart times. A dozen years ago there was a scare in the place, arising from the fact that two of the most reputable ladies having ^suites of rooms in the palace had seen knd heard a visitant whom by her dress atad partly-concealed face they recognised from a portrait as Catherine Howard, one fit Henry VIII.'s wives, who for a while before she lost Her head was lodged at Hampton Court. When seen, on two several occasions by these ladies Queen Catherine was standing by the great stairease wringing her hands and piteously sobbing. A more familiar ghost at Hampton is that of another of King Henry's wives, Jane 8eymour. There is a story revived just now at Hampton Court, and eagerly told in circles on visiting terms with the denizens, which lackB nothing in picturesque detail. Twenty years ago there was heard in the palace the sound of a spinningwheel. No spinning-wheel was in view, and in the particular quarter where, night after night, the unmistakeable sound was heard there was no chamber that might contain one. The noise seemed to come from behind a dead wall. So persistent were the assertions anent this mysterious noise, that authority was obtained for piercing the wall, which it was found,.ui^d up a small room, in whicJfftlftCtaji] wheel. Old plaris; ol showed that thuBftiherto unsuspected room had been the ririvateggjtfN&ent; to Queen Jane. iltelf thiA 4s B Is 'ctsvWJt told me, but strtfitely siupeet.that 4 recrudescence of tlje fchost t6knjto» something to do with "the rwtblegi action of the First Commissioner of Works. Though the greater part of the old palace is allotted to the use of widows of more or less eminent men who find favour in the eyes of the Queen, the ordinary public are still privileged, at stated hours, to pass through the picture gallery and loiter in the garden." 