ECHOES OF SPORT. The welcher who welches other people is no novelty, but the welcher who welches himself is indeed a rarity. This occurred at a pony meetin' the other day. Two backers had got such liberal odds against their fancy that they suspected the layer was a welcher, and determined to watch him closely. As soon as tho field entered the straight their pony cleared out from the rest, and simul taneously the layer cleared out too with tho backers in hot pursuit. They caught him after a ouarter ot a mile run, and with fierce threats of strangling as the alternative made him pay their wagers'! It was only on getting back to the paddock that they discovered that their pony had fallen within a hundred yards of the post, and that a complete outsid r — a regular backer's horror and layer's delight — had won the race. The Melbourne Cup winner Dunlop has been nominated for the leading handicaps of the Tumut Turf Club. Ho was weighted at 10st 71b., but there is little chance of his starting or being in con dition to do so after his stud duties in the district. So the Singleton race meeting has been finished, and some of the unfortnnates who essayed the task of breaking the books congregated at it have been badly done for. To me who sat busily at home some of the events appear to have been as easy to pick as to fall off a log, but those who were in the thick of the battle deride the idea, and of course they know best. One fiiend of mine, who fortunately for his own welfare, is not a large speculator, though he is undoubtedly a heavy one — told mo last evening that it was the most disastrous reunion he had been at for a long time, for in ten attempts he had only got first past the post once, and that brute was dis qualified. He is also rather more eloquent than complimentary when he alludes to the careless manner in which the officials did their duty on the second day especially, but that ia a common com plaint with the Maitlanders who were at the meet ing, and some of them swear that they will never again patronise horse-racing at Singleton. That is all very well just now whilst they are sick and sorry, but I feel inclined to wager th&t; the grum blers will turn up at the next S.J.C. gathering quite as fresh as paint. Friend Grant must have Wandaree in very good form just now, for the attenuated son of Idalium followed up his success of Thursday by opening the ball for his Canadian owner on Friday with a handy victory in the Shorts, in which be started at the remunerative price of 4 to 1, and downed two better favourites in Chance and Bari tone, and why the chestnut, who had all the best of the weights, was not more generally backed, I can not say._ A protest, on the grounds that the horses started in front of the post, was dismissed. Then came another strange thing : Odie won the selling race on Thursday in fair style, but on Friday when opposed by only four indifferent animals, she was allowed to go out at 6 to 1, and the daughter of Welcome Jack won nicely from Express, who was also second to her on the previous day. During the race ' Curly' Clark, who lias not long re covered from a frightfully bad leg injured whilst riding, was bored into a post which he smashed, and he narrowly escaped another serious accident. Seven horses saddled up for the Singleton Handicap, and once more Faber was made favour ite, Welcome and Clythe being next in demand. Again the handsome son of The Works and Perse phone put his backers in a hole, but it was not altogether his fault, for the horse was left at the post from a terribly bad start, whilst the boy on Ilander pulled his mount' up after going a short distance, as he understood it was not a dismissal. The finish was an exciting one, for when Clythe made, a desperate rush to get up along the rails he was sent inside a post, and some of tho other boys hit their own and other lad's horses indiscrimi nately, but finally Frank, whose victory I fore told, squeezed home a nose in front of Welcome, with The Jew an excellent third. Frank is by Welcome Jack out of Second Queen (by Kelpie — Hebe), and has lately been sent home from Sydney, wnere ne naa an unprontaoie sojourn in Teddy Keys' stable.^ On the gelding's best form, he was pitchforked into the handicap ; but as he lia3 cut up so badly lately, Mr. Quinton treated him with considerable leniency. Tom Cush lodged a protest, arguing that the start was not a genuine one, but the stewards did not see things in that light, and the objection was dismissed. Another protest eropped up in the Hack Race, which was won by a mare called Co-equal, but she was disqualified on the plea that she had previously won an advertised prize, and the money went to New Park. The Forced Handicap brought out five candidates, and was won by Clythe by a nose from The Jew, to whom he conceded 26 lbs., with Welcome a good third. And so the sport ended. Welcome Jack's stock had a rare time of it at the Singleton meeting, for Odie— who accounted for the two Belling events — is by him, I am almost sure, as are also Welcome and Frank. It was somewhat of a coincidence that two sons of the Neotsfield stallion were among the place getters in the big race on each day. By theway afinal reminder is given horseowners that nominations for the good things provided by the Wallsend Jockey Club for its Easter Monday meeting will to received by Mr. Cowcher till eight o'clock this evening. What appears to be a pretty good horse was brought to light at Gundagai recently in the shape of an aged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Bluegown from a Snowden mare. On the first day of the meeting he went to the front at the foil nf flio Odk ir, fV,Q TT„~ J: ? ? ? :i_ w* -'**5 WUCHUIUO .UitiUUlUOJJi UXieiliUttj never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, winning by any number of lengths in the capital time of lmin. 43 Jsecs. Then, on the second day, in the Town Plate, one and a quarter mile, he pursued the same tactics as on the first day, with the result that he beat both Geraldine and Babette like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in it, in 2min. lOJsecs. Led Astray is a tremendous lengthy geliing, and altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for a number of years, and only recently started in and won a hack race at Jugiong. He was, I believe, on offer not Jong since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. Hi3 legs are as sound as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. A Sydney trainer is already after him. The death of the thoroughbred sire All Gold, by Infidel (imp.) from Golden Imp, is reported. It appears that be got one of his legs broken, and had to be destroyed. Chris. Moore put up a good record at Colac on Thursday, when he rode the winners oE four races. He had two winning mounts on Votaress, rode The Clown to victory in the Colac Handicap, and got Lady LonBdale (who in nrnlifthlTT o. ilftvicrlifco* nP f.Via Plate winner, Lonsdale) home in the 13.2 hands pony race. 'Votaress is a daughter of the notorious mare The Nun, and was backed for the Free Handicap at the recent Y.R.C. meeting, but did not run up to expectations. Votaress is engaged in the Doncaster Handicap at 6st. 12ib., and the The Clown in the Sydney Cup at 7st. 91b. The first foal got by that good horse Strathmore was a colt out of Melos's sister Melodious, and the youngster has been aptly named Warbler. He is owned by Mr. W. R. Wilson. After ? Hova had got to the end of his engage ments at Flemington, Mr. Grice, lii3 owner begged Abe Davies, who had him on lease, to accept him as a present. This Davies declined to do, as he though the owner was practising self-sacrifice to too great an extent, and eventually it was arranged that owner and trainer should go halves in the New market winner. The lease of Hova to A. Davies expired in August, but, as things stand the colt will bo kept in training. From Mr. H. A. Thompson, auctioneer and agent, Sydney, I have received a number of catalogues containing particulars oE yearlings to be offered for sale by him in tho Metropolis during the next week or so. The studs represented are those of Messrs. J. R. Smith, R. C. Alien, M. S. Pearce, J. R. Hirdle, Philip Morton, W. H. Dean, Thompson, the Hon. H. C. Pangar, etc., and aa may be imagined there will he many choice lots paraded. I will have a i look at their lines for lioxt issue. ' So1me „°f my friends did not agree with me r 1 couple of weeks back when I argued that the rule I giving the definition of what is ' a Btarter!' should I ho altered so as to agree with the 'Victorian fl regulation concerning the matter, but strange to . I say two or three of them are now willing to co 1 much farther than myself in tho way of reformation. I it was Faberthatmadethem change their tune. Thev were on the handsome bay on Friday to a man, but he was left at the post and never took part in the struggle, but his backers lost their money, for the horse s rider had been weighed out, and that is sutncient to cause him to be regarded as ' a starter, according to our nonsensical rules. In the sister colony a horse must go to the post, and ? e sa'c*' ^ know some people who think that their own particular fancy must leave the post before he should be included among the starters. A Gaslight Handicap will be run off this evening. Mr. Robert Fleming has been appointed actine secretary to the Newcastle Jockey Club, in order to get on with incidental business until the approach ing annual general meeting will be held, when a permanent secretary will be appointed. The racehorse Baldwin has joined Mr. E. Chip pendall's string after a lengthened rest. The son ot Beauchamp is none too sound-looking yet. ? ? ? _ The Vagrant. 