THE WAGES OF SIN* Imagine a number of people gathered roand a dinner table in London, in a fashionable qaarter, at the height of the season. Imagine the long table brilliant with glass, sugared bonbons and orchids. Imagine a host who has sprang from nothing and grown into so much gold, and a hostess who has come of a good stock and descended into diamonds. Among a sprinkling of politicians and society butterflies sits a certain Captain Power and a young heiress, as beautiful as sbe is rich. On the man's other side is the daughter of the house, a pale-faced girl with the manners of a duchess, and a brain that has been crushed by the weight of gold. " I think," she says gently, " that we must try and persuade you to come to us at Henley, Captain Power. We are intending to decorate the house-boat in quite » new style." * How V' "Oh, papa has some artist with a wonderfai scheme of color," says the girl, with a puzzled expression. " I suppose it will be all right, however." " You know I am always engaged," the man commences, when the heiress breaks in,— " Ob, yes, but this year you mnst come. I am to ba there too, and we can have such fun." The soldier flushes. " I must think about it/.' he says. The pale girl notes that the heiress flashed, too ; and sighs. "I suppose," the heiress goes on, " that yon have seen Loie Fuller ?" " Yes," he answers at random, his bine eyes watching her face. " She makes a beautiful, artistic picture," the pale girl says. " A picture I" The color cffects are wonderful. She reminds me of the flames we can often discover in a wood fire." " Charming I" murmurs the heiress in sweet, soft tones. Captain Power seems at a loss how to continue. The heiress notes the crestfallen appearance of the man on her other side, who has taken ter in to dinner, and flings him a word or two in order to restore his appetite. ' In a pause in the conversation, the man that is all gold is heard announcing the fact that he has bought Lord Blank's yacht; a young man, who seems too tired to do anything, suddenly rouses himself enough to discuss Ibsen with a juvenile old lady on his right, and in another pause makes an awkward remark on " Ghosts." The lady of the honse, frith some tact, drowns his voice and his efcupidity by asking her neighbors if they will have some burned almonds, and jpass her the olives ; while the captain, who has commenced a pretty speech to the heiress, breaks off and looks abstracted. • Then the trivial talk recommences. 'The few clever men there are—like the still fewer clever women—crashed by tbe~ weight of gold. It surrounds them inevery form; it flows to them in the Wee of their hoBt, and they cannot struggle against it. Their only retaliation will be their remarkB the next day i to a sympathetic circle of friends. In tbe midst of it all the captain tells : the heiress that perhaps he will go to Henley, and she murmurs foolishly but prettily,— " On, don't go merely to please me." " But it will be a pleasure." " Yon have always refused before." " I refuse nothing now that takes me where yon are." M It is sweet of yoa to say that—but then, of course I—" " You can quite believe it—and yon know you do believe it. That reminds me ; will yoa let me come and see yon to-morrow—" As she blushes and veils her eyes frith long dark lashes, he breaks off. One of the men-servants has whispered that lie is wanted, and will he come into the hall?- Puzzled and much surprised, he murmurs an excuse And rises.' The heiress leans across his empty chair, and teds the pale-faced daughter of the honse that she has persuaded the oaptain to come to Henley. " How land of you 1" answers the other, with a glance that is anything but kind, for the triamphant smile of tfie heiress is maddening. The captain's footsteps echo on the parquet, then there is a panie and the intervening doors are hurriedly shut. As he cpmiBs into the light of the hall he jstanJs amazed, and for one instant: looks like a man in a dream. A woman gaily attired in cheap finery comes forward and prefaces her words with a drunkenlangh. " Thooght I was dead, Jim, didn't jetfl : \- Hi3 faoe Wanchfes. \- «• Yee," he answers. Bternly. / * ' V W b f f l » do you hang at present ?" " • <• " Why d^i^&Sfdllow; meliere ?" " Saw yon drive this way and came in. K&ew;^&\psed,to dine here in the old the .girl of the honse merevkHL ^ 'Spect you'd like 4o make-tip to her now, as jon thonght I wastratof the way." There is a, pause.' Tb» ladies axe, heard ieaving"the 'diningrioom^faitthey ascend by another «turcase, ^and do not pass that way. Captain Power's face hafdens. r . "What do yon want with me lie 1 •A®- - u You're my husband,.ain'tyeti** •., "Yes." >,' ^hen I.. want money, And I'll mot worry you again;" ^* "I must go," he speats with an eSor|," and make my ^kcaees aptBfcire. tjr»tjtoj^pe,iptitsida ; don't «tay hare." « Mind you cbme! No gamea, 01 " Pll kick tip *^fine^row." 2*ow?go. I will i§-mihfOn ^ieaffimates." The heiress eyes he •onus imtihii •smile that is enchanting, and waits for him to join her. The daughter oij the house rises hurriedly and as quickly resumes her seat. The captain speaks to her mother, explains that he has bad news—to that fact his white lips testify;—and is called away. The blaze of the diamonds flashes in his eyes for a moment, and she sayB something politely sympathetic. He moves on, dazed, perhaps, by the sparkle, to where the heiress stands. "I am obliged to go away," he says, in a broken voice. " And not come to Henley ?" " It is quite impossible now." She is piqued. " Oh, very well. Good-by." He looks at her with a dog's eyes, full of, entreaty, bnt she tnrns her proud little head, and makes a jesting remark to a lady near. As he crosses the room, his yery senses dolled with pun, he misses the pale daughter of the hopse. Once ontaide in the passage, he comes face to face with her. " Yoa are ill or in great trouble ?" she cries ; '' I am very sorry." He hesitates, and she goes on— " You needn't tell me. I can see it in your face. I hope all will end well." " You are very kind,*' he remarkB stupidly. " Have you any friend—" she commences ; but he breaks in— " m—no friend can help me. You are very kind." In a dazed way he holds out his hand, but she shrinks back and ieigns not to notice it. He is conscious that he is wounding her, hnt the hgiress and her beauty have blinded him; his one wish is to escape. " If I don't see you again," she speaks hurriedly—"]! you need a woman's aid in any way, remember I should he so glad—" " Yes, yes. I must go. Thank yon a thousand times." He takes her hand, bnt her small fingers slip through his, and, without another word, she is gone. The men.are preparing to join the ladies ; the heiress, hearing their voices, moves her seat to a sofa where there are places for two, and Captain Power descends the great staircase and passes out of the hall into the dark street; and what awaits him there ?'' 