Fanny, the Colt . s Little Fnnny was motherless, having been ' discovered in au opon fiold beside tier dead mother. Btfore oho was a yenr old she oould open the door to her nwn room and go to bod alone "'« u»' tjui-u uiiiiciDtaiMi lua lasiciiiiigB from tho iueido, and had to bo let out in the morning. Tbo ohildren, there wore bix, thought her a raoat wonderful baby, and claimed her as their own. Tho boyo bad taught her to take off their caps with her tooth, ebake hands with her feet, aud do many other outs things. But when ahe was four years old ahs had lo work, for Fanny wos only a horse, after el), Never wa9 sho driven exoept by one of tho family, nnd Bbo really bo ted as if sho llkod to go. When tho buggy waa drawn otit bo would give a littlo pleased whinny and . itop daintily about as if impatient to he off. And when once on the road diallked, of all thlogH, to take tho duiit from another vehicle. Tbo ohildren wero a oroopy set, and a pbysioian wae often called, Fanny being tho now to ho ridden every time ; and so well had sho learned what wae wanting If a addle wps pfocod hastily upon her hack, the only waited lor a rider, and without n hint Irom thn uin, bounded off in the flireoiioo of tho doctor'o ollico 5 rciiuiiina, shu ioimed tolsurely home. It waa a end day for tho fumily when one morning no glad whinny guuted tho nmi who went to food her. Hhu Had bean stolen- Two other horses had been taken front rt oeighbor at the una titns, and he hsmfiaiied them as so much money lust. But the jnjnl owners of Fanny grieved as if a friend ware dead; to her it might bo even worm thar death. " For how oould the taker be other wise than cruel 7" they asked, A thorough searoh was made, bnt no ehte obtained, and thn hnri-cs wrr« givon tin lost. The older ohiMron etrnve to bo h.-avS, hut tho younger one could not keep haok tho team when spanking of ' poor Fanny," and tha mother was shocked one evstiing to beur four-jenr-nhl Unsife add tn har infant prayer; "And pleaio, God, sand Prauy uaok. She kissed tha child. tenderly and whis pered; "H we cannot have Fanny w« will havo aoothor hows t» take her place, my dear," "But it wouldn't fee her. mammal I waul just Fanny," and eho Lid b»i face in casmaa'a lap nnd sobbed, as abe had rioofc many tiranit einaa the tusn. A few days later, ae tb» family we/n al breakfast, Nora, tha g»'l, rushed into thr room, oxolatoiug s "If y® plans. muni Fanny's in Uie auble, or ©hut 4tia her ghost' sure I 1 wint to find the nloVpina loss la«l uight, and m I wint a-n«ar tbu imrq 1 neern ft whin-now aa liku horn an two pate, and"— bot bbfora nhe bad oanoluded every seat waa empty and all bad hurried to the hnrn, Tbe Rtabla dimi waa opened, ktui forth stepped Fftuuy to be hugged and kimd aa qev«f before. She still wore hor baiter, from which rt broken strap dangled, allowing how ahe had released herself, and, oooe free, bar preaeno iu lici own nt&Uwss; no mystery. An oflloev was duly notified, and taking her tracks ba went about Gv» miles along tha beach of tbe lake, where, in thn bluff over- bangiog a ravine, he found a sort of cav« where tbe two other horsen were still tied Fanny had farokon her halter, opansd the/ wide door that swung in, puahsd her way- through tho brush piled against it, aud hurried homo to her qwd stable. Thn horses must have keen taken to tbsfr biding-plaoa by bring led along tb« water' edge lo conceal thoir tracks, and tbeir food conveyed to them by boat. The thtef wae not oeught, more is the p'ty,- Evidently eeeieg the niguu ol Faony'e e<sap he was only too glad to escape himmlf. Tne owner of the two horses suggested thai Fanny ought to have a medal, bnt upon hewig ibowu a lump of sugar ahe ottered a oeuidrd . Qeigh, and then manahsd her sugar id '/<' sileDoe, tx.'F1'0 » JftB". elenruvsveiy-.' a jJjjB the (realms of iqMwins eo-l of - Cleopatrft couldn't stand, grammar— ibit ' - way killed by nu /raU. Visitor (to. prnprWer of iron foundry j—j 44 You cast almost everything hero, I- supr pose ft Proprislor— "Everylhiug, sfri" VW"to\ m Ml J9U -u'! lr> ' M 