SENTENCES ON SHEARERS. TI?E sentences passed in Sydney by the Ohief Justice on six men accused of offences perpetrated in connection with the shearing dispute have most effeotually shown what men may not do in eonnection with any determina tion they may arrive at for the purpose of obtaining better terms of employment for themselves, or pre venting worse conditions being im posed. While a body of shearers travelling for hundreds of miles to a certain district may naturally expect that the shearing to be done therein should be given to them, it is manifest that a refusal to accept ofered employment has the inevitable tendoneny of leaving people with work to perform, and persons desirous of having work, but not on offered terms, without any relation recognised by the law. Of course there is always a higher law than that recognised in the law books, but as yet the relationship between man and man and their duties to each other, have not been defined under the law of master and servant. It is a matter, for, re gret that at the beginning of this shearing dispute the slight matters at issue between the pas-. toralists and the general body of shearers should not have been amicably settled by means ,-which have proved effotual in countries with very much larger populations than those which exist in the Aus tralian colonies. The machinery devised by the State.to heal breaches between large bodies of workmen and those who might have use for their services was left; idle and useless owing to the determina tion of the employers to fight out the dispute in their own way rather than settle the differ ences by conciliation or arbitration. Accordingly the principal industrial engine of this colony was left unoiled at the commencement of the shearing year, and, although the pastoralists have got their work finished, the machinery used by them has been creaking and in a condition of friction right through the season. The action of the pastoralists, however, was no excuse for men to unlawfully assemble and riot 'or set fire to buildings at Memba and Killara. ·Mon may not only refuse to work, but can dissuade others from doing it by the force of argument or reason. Beyond that, however, they cannot legally go; the law holding that to coerce men from accepting work practically means in civilised communities compelling them to be in a state ot idleness and consequent starvation. Six men there fore have been sentenced to seven years' penal servitudo, not for having gone on strike, but for having com mitted deeds which, according to the Chief Justice, "no hostile army in vading the territory would have done, unless under the immediate ne cessity arising from shook of battle." Unquestionably the sentencos passed on the accused were severe. They woro intended to be so, for the Chief Justice stated that he felt it to be his duty to make them "exemplary." Seven years is a large portion of a man's existence, ospooialy when it has to be spent in the monotony and degradation of prison lifo, Although the men were not malofactors of theo common type, yet that cannot hide the fact that if any body of men set themselves to commit acts of destruo. tion on their own account and be a law to thomselves for the time being, they must take the consequonces of their acnotion, All throu'gh the history of Britain the Executive has ever boon jealous of 'its supremnacy, and has over sot its face against tlO establishment of an uperi?mO in impertio, even though those who acted independently of or opposlto to the Government wore actuated by motives which might have a spark of goodeaoss in them, In those British colonies, as in the mother conn. try, public liberty must look to theo law for its support and defence. If laws are bad and require amendment the logis. laturo is open for the purpose for carrying out such alterations as may be considered necesoasary, or such as will bring the statutes abreast of publlo sentiinent, In New South Wales at the present timne it cannot be said that the workers of the com. munity are dovoid of representation, The very contrary is the casoe, and any alteration of the law which may be strongly roquired ought to be spoedlly ofootoid. If conditions exist in the logislatureo which mako the abolition of unjust laws diffloult the people have the rnemedy in their own hands, and will undoubtedly apply it sooner or lateor, But, apart from thin eunbjoot of amondmont of existing laws, it is evident that no law can be passed wlhich will allow of any ecotion of the communlty forbid dlng otlheors to work, If such a statuto wore passeId, it would be necossary to provido that the peoplo comipulsorlly idle should reooive a munh as tlheoy coulod obtain by working, It isL impos. Aible, however, to conoivo of a State beoing run on lines such as those indicated. For it is a rule of ife for the vast majority that men must work if they can expect to oat. In sentencing the Momba men, his Honor gave utterance oto words which ought to be known to all who dwell in a country which has had more than its fair share of disturbances arising out of questions affecting labour. In referring to the police, the Chief Justiceo praised them for the coolness, courage, and determination mani fested under fery trying. condi tions.. He pointed out that if there had been no police, the accused and those withl them would have to deal with the fiee labourers, each of whom'" had the unquestionable right to resist to the death those who on deavoured to deprive them of their liberty." His further words are serious enough to be published as plainly as they were uttered. "Had death ensued at your hand," said Chief Justice DThRLEY to those who had been found guilty, "you. and each of your party would have been guilty of murder. If, on the' other hand, the labourers, in order to resist being deprived of their liberty, had fireds on you, not . bcin a~le to presorvu th1r, lib'ortyi bly. othor means, and killed you or any number of you -this act would have been justifi6 able." This statement, which is similar to one made by Mr. Justice WxINrD?Y?n in a like case some years ago, is not reported for the purpose of showing free labourers what their position would be before the law if they, thrown on their own resources, resisted force by force. It is simply to show that the police, who are ofteon charged with being aiders of free labourers rather than pro teetors of unionists, are really keepers of the peace between anta gonistio elements with a tendency to come into open conflict with each other. If in any labour dispute there should be long-continuod ill-will bo tween these two classes, the police must be present to prevent either side taking the law into its own hands. The only alternative to the formation of forces of PIRKI'R'ONs is the pre sence of representatives of the State executive in the shape of bodies of police. This. part of the jhdgmont of the Chief Jistice may appear unusually frank, not to say harsh, but it cannot be doubted that the law on the subject is stated therein.. It is far from desirable to see free labourers using arms for the purposo of main taining their liberty, or for their employers to enlist hired warriors for this purpose, therefore the peace must be maintained by thqso directly in the pay of the State, and liable to be called to account by it if they mis undorstand or exceed their duty. It is to be hoped, however, that somo better way will soon be found 'for the settlement of disputes than action which so frequently ends in dire loss to the employer and trouble and misery to many work men. Before the olimax in a dispute is roached, conciliation may do much .to place the questions at:issue in a true light, and arbitration. may have the effect of bringing about an amicable and profitable settlement to both par ties. In order to have this system brought into use, further offorts will have to be made in Parliament for the purpose of having both sdes" to a dispute brought, before the bar of public opinion. And, even when that is done, an amicable settlement may not be brought about in all cases. Nevertholess, it is necessary to perse vere in order to avoid the dire roeults which have boon.so common during the last few years, in which so many employers' have been ruined, while the gaols have boon filled by men who little imagined that they would ever be included -among the prison population. Foe some timeno past a few people iltl Now South Wales havo boon seriously oxorolsod regarding the powors of a lady in Sydnoy to call spirits from the vasty deop, It t?o olaimed that slot only can she call upon ithem, but that the spirits will obey the call. It was bolleved that;, owing, to tho sudden tormina tion of a recent seance, theo ghosts had vanished in disgust, and could not be doepended on to again appear in Sydney., That, howcvor, it is said, is not the casoe, The lady invited a soleot company, which inoludod a Supromo Court Judge and an o*x.Ministor, to examino, uinder test conditlions, the eharaotor of the phenomenoua atrributod to her medium. setlc powors, In roponsoto the lionvitation, throe sittings wore hold under what are statod to to strictly toest conditions, The committeeoo have eoortified thate nuder sulch conditions "forms and wlhat appaonred Ilko drapery of an intoensely white oolousr have appoared in a manner not to be nooountod for by the laws of unature as at present undoe stood," Itsl furthurstated that at oeo of theso lsittings one form appeared sevoral times, at the other two .fomms appoared in suooesasion, "The smaller was betwoon two feeoot and throe foot higli, 'nd was soon aud baerd to move aso if danolng, It also omitted a dssln?g sound, Thi. other was a muoch tailoler formn." Then the black ortailns soutlda the angeo whoere the modinum wsa, looked up wore opoeotd, irn an "intoensely whito appearance likoe drapery"' as ob. served, whioh, howover, soon fadod away, Thoroadtoe, "a'voluo apparently of a maleo, was hoard at the o nmo timo lstating, In answeor to a question, that the tfigur'was not strong enoutgh to put its lhand'd oth,' Pro bably tho' plrlit was of too othorelal a toxture to rlak conttot with material folesh and blood, After ' this the mnedilan was foetnid to be in ai doeep Aloop, wis theo fatonlntlgs of the cago inawhich sho lhid boon placed intao4, It is clear that the possouslon of such powers is not holithfstl, for the tseditunt Is now stisted on madloe athlorltty to be In at weakl cottditoih Aeodptimg the statemeonts as to tlhe roestlts of the soaneaos as true, what ls thtlr num total? The spirits whloh utsed formerly to appeaonr wrte in sonio rosposti oUetettttlcng, if not par. tlosslrily Instrustivo, ''? Clsocnitts,'' for \HistassOs, exhlbiltd thie intterot uf tho'slpirits in the huslth of mortaln by Itlquititsl Qtt whab seemed broad acotoh, "Hoo's a' wi' yeoP' "Cres?,?" the dark-visagod maiden, who' skipped aboutead ato ohooolato creams with relish, showed that spirits and human beings had, in certain respectsa, very. similar tastes. But it is difoiclt to take much interest in the latest arrivals from the region of spooks. They.yappear to do nothing but show in tenoely white drapery,. to move about dancing and toemit a kissing sound. Onoof them isoa weak as to be unable to put its hand out. Now, if the ghosts of King ArFnnD, or Queen E~IrCiET?r; or ScarsPzEAsn , or OLrrvE Cnovmw wrowre to appear on the Eceno, so as to olear up some of the mysteries in conneoo tion with their lives, the interest in modern spiritualism would be vastly intensified. The modern visitants scom a mnysterious and un satisfactory croew, utterly unable to give a hint as to the conditionof spirits in the lifo beyond the grave. It is hardly worth while for people who are spiritual mediums to got into bad health in materiullsing such faint shadows of shades. 