PASSING NOTES. By Faustine. " What do women read I am daily ex pecting to see the above laconic, yet search ing query, stamped in indelible ink on our household linens, or chalked up along the road fences between advertisements for patent biscuits, rolled oats, infallible disin fectants, and special blends of whiskey. We have excited ourselves much lately over the character and quantity of the mental pabulum in demand among tho fair sex, and decided that on the whole her taste is frothy. Ninety women out of every hundred read nothing but novels, we are told ; the male percentage of such literary triflers being 75. The difference in figures is not sufficiently startling to prove anything, es pecially when we remember that the 15 per cent, more solidity on the male side is no doubt largely represented by technical works dealing with the reader's special trade or profession. Comparisons of that kind are futile. And as for novel-reading in general, so wide is the range of modern fiction that the average man or woman could draw, in the pauses of a busy life,sufficient in- tellectual sustenance for all ordinary purposes. " Robert Elsmere " gave food for thought to many people who would not have looked at a theological treatise. Elsie Venner and the " Heritage of the Kurts " bring the laws of heredity into prominence where no scientific disquisition would be heeded or understood. We are always worrying over something or other. If it doesn't crop up in the natural course of things, we set a sick conscience to work, and create it, like Hilda's Master Builder. To cultivate the power of wise selection is certainly desirable. And, iu that connec tion, some "words of Lady Jersey's, written to a private correspondent during her stay among us, are well worth repeating. 44 It is quite natural," sho said, 44 that those who live in a growing country should look to a future which they anticipate as brilliant, rather than on a past which they regard as belonging to another world than theirs. The tendency which I have fancied that I ob served in modern life, and which I somewhat regretted, is to expend a great ileal of thought and discussion on the "last new thing' in the way of an author, and to assumo that because he runs counter to 4 old-world prejudices' he must be leading to bottter things. No one likes a new book better than I do, and I am quite in favor of advancing with the age, but I can not think that a doctrine is true simply be cause it is now. At all events, if I had to deal with clover young women, I should like to be sure that they had made themselves acquainted with the masterpieces of Eng lish, not to speak of other literature, and had thereby done much to form their taste and judgment, before they gave their best, atten tion to authors who deal with social prob lems in a fashion absolutely devoid of re serve, and whose fault in many cases appears to be that of the confessional, which they would be the First lo condemn — i.e., they probe and analyse the mind till they create the very sensations which they allow to be wrong." A clear judgment, clearly, criti cally, and moderately expressed, and one which not even the most " advanced" fol lower of the modern school would venture to dispute. The syllabus of subjects chosen by the Women's Literary Club for the year 1894 shows, at least, no failure in respect for the old and honored writers .Shakespeare, Sheri dan, Keats, Thackeray, Dc Quiuecy, Emer son, Bacon, the lake poets — tho so-culled 44 realist" school is only conspicuous by its absence. (I use the word 44 realism " in its most conventional aspect, of course ; iu a literary sense no term is more universally abused and misapplied,) The only work for discussion on the programme of the 44 emancipated "order is the before-mentioned 44 Master Builder," and that, to use the language of Hibcrnia, isn't emancipated. It is fanciful and mystical as a poet's dream, but it came from the same hand, that wrote " Ghosts," and we haven't lime for nice dis tinctions these days. Then there are to be two 44 free evenings," wherein members may wander at their own sweet will to any point of the literary compass, and discuss anybody, from Calvin to Baudelaire. But the W.L.C. hasn't any literary 44 cranks" happily, and, as a rule, avoids tho gloomy, the grotesque, and the ultra-sentimental. Its key is clear- pitched and practical— good, honest 44 C Major." The business-like reply of the First lady Mayor iu the British Empire to the some what condescending platitudes of her pre decessor in office was, to suy the least of it, a promising sign for the future. It certainly must bo rather mortifying to be figuratively patted on the back before every body in that way, and told to be George NYushingtonian iu the matter of veracity, and never, never to accept bribes of lolly- pops and gloves when sitting .in the seat of judgment. The lady Mayor evidently didn't see why being a woman should render her more prone to such-like little lux practices than her ma'e mentor, and she said as much. She needed no reminder lo be just and honest, she averred, iu a speech that was 44 free from all trace of nervousness." The same principles that had guided her hitherto in her daily life would he brought to bear upon her new duties. These should be per formed to the best of iter ability. If she suc ceeded, the pleasure of success would be ita own reward. It she didn't, they had their remedy at the end of her term of ofiice.' All that she said was appropriate, dignified and to the point ; and nobody present seems to have seen anything funny in the situation. The eternal femi nine wus not dragged in the dust, nor the eternal masculine palpably dis turbed. There was not even the usual shock of earthquake for tho Onehunga moralist to make capital outwof. We hear a good deal about the barrel- organ and street minstrel nuisance; but how about the family in a terrace house, with walls not much thickeruhan a sheet of parchment, who will slug. Moody and Saukoy's hymns together, to a piano very much out of tune, every fSumhqy evening, and all the year round This question hay just been legally discussed in NorthtLondon. The gentleman next door lo the singing family got so tired of hearing ''Nothing but leaves," hall a tone fiat, fallowed by 44 A withered root," with sharps all at sixes and sevens, that lie was ' nearly driven mad," us he put it. He begged, and implored, and threatened, by turns, — but no ! — tffre singing family turned up the whites of its eyes, called him an unbeliever ami worshipper of idols, and went on with the music louder and flatter than ever. Them lie tried a new way. As soon as the orchestra began, he leaned out of his parlor window and tapped upon the enemy's pallor window with a stick. He tapped all tho time; but the enemy drowned the noise in more piercing cries for Divine grace. .So the gentleman, took to tapping on the uppec windows, too, after the family had retired- 44 You keep me awake, and I'll keep you imvuku— see if I don't," he said. Then the mother of tlm singing family went, for a numinous, but couldn't get one. The inagisrntie said that the Boliee Act wus not framed to deal with ' i tupping on windows. If he had knocked at i the door, or rung the bell, iu would huw | been different. Or if he had bcei.cunsidcraie>! enough to break the window, iww j Mrs. C. (interrupting): "'You can do j nothing, then r' i Magistrate; 44 T cannot grant a summoirtj. J But if the tapping keeps on, coine again, and j 1 will see what can be done." j The upshot uf the bailie will'doubtless be-j i written in the archives of faim but the end j I is not yet. " Police Ads " are not altered i in a year and a day. I Lohongulu, Mr. Stead assures tin, is making' progress towards monogamy. Jle only has j about 10 wives and 80 concubines — a mere bagatelle when you consider what a much-married bad old man his father was. Matabeleland, however, doesn't seem to get on with tho 44 woman" question quite so i fust as New Zealand. Feminine Flesh and ! blood is a decided drug in the market, and j wives nio easily replaced. When Loben guhi goes on tour he sends whole batches of them in advance to different parts of tlio country, so that, lie may never find himself a poor, lonely 14 grass widower" even for an hour. And if they don't meet him up to I time, he simply cuts off their heads, and sends to the nearest outpost for a few more. Xini. Lobengula's sister, used to be a great power in the land— so great that all the wives were afraid of her, espe cially us they knew that if they ofletided her, she hud but to whisper 44 witchcraft " iu t he king's car, and their rfaLc was scaled! J t was a case of a 4"chippy, chopper," and a 44 .short, sharp shock," with in Five minutes, I assure you. Mini had a commanding presence, too, and wus con sidered a hello. .She was very fat, certainly ; but it is la'shio'iubh; to be fat in Matnbele- lnud. Tho vegetable cure for corpulence would have absolutely no sale there. How ever, as I was baying, Nini was the real queen of the country until one day — one unfortunate day—when ske rounded upon the king's pet wife, a woman lie had loved with a constant love for at least 24 hour?, and accused her of witchcraft. Nini disappeared, as if by magic, and was seen no more. Nobody quite knew how, but there were whispers of a swift and bloody end ; whereupon the re maining sisters-in-law >aug picans of joy, and danced in their best warpaint and beads of many colors. Here is a word-portrait of the unfortu nate Malubulu beauty in herpalmy days, on the occasion of a great state function j— 44 Suddenly the royal sister appeared, and presented a singular, not to say magnificent, appearance. It was something like the ap pearance of the prima, donna at the opera, or the leading spirit in some gorgeous pan tomime. She is very stout ; tremendously embonpoint , and her skin is of a coppery hue. She wore no dress, and the only cover ing above her waist was a number of gilded chains, some encircling her, some pendent. Round her arms were massive brazen brace lets. A blue and white freemason's uprou , appeared iu front, and looked strangely anomalous, though really not unbecoming. From her waist, also, there hung down behind a number of brilliant-colored woollen neck-wnips, red being the predominant color. Under the apron was a sort of short, black skirt, covering the thighs, made of wrought oxhide. Her legs and feet were bare, but round her ankles were the circlets of bells worn by the women to make a noise when they dance. Her headdress was decidedly pretty — a small bouquet of arti ficial flowers in front, and amongst the hair, standing in all directions, feathers of beef eaters' tails. A small circular ornament, fashioned out of red clav, was on tho back of her head, fcjhe put herself in posture for the dance, but did not move veiy much or very energetically while keeping time — she Huflercd too much from adiposity. She held one of the large oval black and while oxhide shields, surmounted by a jackal's tail, such as arc carried by the warriors." N.B. (from the G«eeii) — 44 Miss So-and-.-;o looked charm ing in a costume of white silk, trimmed witii beetles' wings. She carried a fan of ostrich feat her.-:, and wore in her hair an aigrette oi while and silver." Look at that picture and then ou this— the Maiabelc belle and the (Jilcassiau society girl — the slender whiteness of the one, the highly-colored "adiposity" of the oilier. How deep V— No, a truce to dull care and brow- puekcring analysis I \V ith the thermometer at oO something or other in the shade, one can't worry much over problems of civilisation— and live. For the benefit of one or two somewhat persistant correspondents, i may say inai purely personal matters are altogether out of the province of this column. I confine myself to subjects of public or social in terest, and those alone, unless iu an im. personal or illustrative way. In the ease of " Gamut hlichkeit," I am unable to give the information asked for ; and even were it uot so, I should not consider his communication of Hutfieiently general importance lo warrant a reply here. 