MICHEL'S REVENGE. There was no doubt of it. Things had gone too farfco be easily made right again. ' The little rift within the lute' had put an end to all hope of harmony, and they who had been lovers stood face to face—farther apart than if seas had rolled between them. It was only the old story of man's hot jealousy and woman's pride, with its old denouement. Jean Roussel had loved Marie long and de votedly; Tuscan blood was in his veins, and his love partook much of the fiery Southern nature. The mother who had quitted her bright Italian home for love of the French peasant, and who had died a few weeks after the birth of her firstborn son, had left to her child her own dark beauty and her own warm, passionate heart. Jean grew up aflectionate, but was easily provoked, quick to take affront, and not ready to forgive. Brave, handsome, and courteous, he was a youth to win easily the gift of a maiden's heart; and indeed ho was worthy of a woman's love. He had wooed and won fair Marie Lebas, and he loved her truly and deeply; but their court ship had been clouded by many a storm. Hitherto the storms had blown over, but this one threatened to endure. 1 Once more, Marie, -will you tell me ? Did he give you that necklace ? Answer me !' The tone was sharp and peremptory, and Marie's spirit rose against it. ' And, if he did, what then V Jean's brow darkened yet more. He came a step nearer and laid his hand on her arm. ' What then ? This, Marie Lebas—that wife of mine shall never wear jewels given her by the hand of another man !' ' You wife, ma foi !' said Marie, drawing herself away from his heavy touch. 1 It is rather too soon to play the role of husband, Monsieur Roussel.' The saucy tone, the half-gay half-petulant accent maddened the already angry lover. ' Did he give you that wretched toy V he hissed through his set teeth. With a movement of the graceful head and shoulders Marie turned away; she went a few steps from him, and then looked back, with a smile on her rosy lips. ' Once for all, mon ami, understand that I won't be teased or questioned. To your re covery, monsieur !' And with a wave of the hand she went on her way. But things were not to end so. With flaming eyes and clenched teeth, Jean sprang after her, angry words on his lips. He reached her side, and checked her roughly, and, as Marie shrank from him, terrified, his long knife glittered before her eyes. She uttered a low cry and covered her face with her hands. But Jean had no thought of hurting her. In another moment he had severed the necklace in two, and, flinging it on the ground, was trampling on it fiercely. '2fow take it to your new lover,' he said furiously, ' and, with your fair face and false tOHgue, break another's heart as you have broken mine ! You had better not come in my way, though, either of you !' And he sprang down the hill and was soon out of sight. Mario stood for a few minutes, frightened into submission by the fierce vehemence of tone and gesture. She had seen Jean angry before, and in her silly coquetry bad taken a certain amount of pleasure in testing her passionate lover, and so testing the strength of the bonds in which she held him ; but she had never before seen him at his wildest, and the foolish child trembled at the storm she had provoked. She sat down on a fallen tree by the side of the path and cried bitterly. Presently, however, other thoughts come to her, and the girlish heart rebelled against her lover's anger. Her father had given her the necklacff which had brought about the quarrel, and it was only Marie's coquettish love of teasing that had prevented her saying so at once. She loved Jean very sincerely, and she was vexed at his sharp tone of suspi cion when he first caught, site of the costly jewel on her neek. Half in play, half in resentment, she refused to tell him from whoso hand the gift had come, and he at once jumped to,the conclusion that it had been giver, to her ty a man whom he con sidered his rival, Michel Thierry, the rich farmer of Belleville. Hotly he charged her with playing with an affection she had no right to encourage, and the girl's quick spirit took offence. To punish him for his jealousy, she pretended that his suspicion was correct, till the quarrel between them became sharper and sharper, and had ended disastrously. ' He will come back,' said Marie to herself, 3s she rose from her seat after half-an-hour's reflection. ' He always gets angry, and then comes and makes it up again.' Then, as her eyes fell on the pretty jewelled toy, broken and crushed by Jean's angry foot, the tears burst out afresh. She bent down and picked it up, and tried to straighten and mend it. ' lie will come back,' she repeated, with heaving breast, ' and he will be sorry, and ask me to forgive him; and I won't—110, not for a long time. After ever so long, if he is very penitent, I will let him make friends, and tell him that it was my father who gave it me. Michel indeed ? As if I would let Michel give me presents when my Jeannot is too poor to bring me any !' And the foolish child, with the true woman's heart underlying the foolishness, went slowly home, the broken necklace thrust inside her bodice, repeating to her self, ' He will come to-morrow.' ' To-morrow' came, and many a wistful : glance was thrown by Marie over the field of waving corn which lay between her father's house and her lover's workshop. 'He is busy—he will come to-night,' she said, as each time she saw only the wheat bending in the summer breeze, or sleeping quiet m the sunshine. But evening deepened into night, and the firm, quick step did not wake the echoes of the courtyard ; and, as Marie laid her head on her pillow, she was fain to murmur to herself again, ' He will come to morrow,' the pouting lip telling rather of vexation at neglect than of anxiety and fear. But ' to-morrow' came and passed away and Jean did jnot come, and the next day too went over, and Marie was still alone. A week went'by, and Marie's first vexation had disappeared, and the fair face became pale and wistful, and the bright eyes dim with tears, and heavy with want of sleep. She was beginning to be seriously alarmed ; and at last, when ten days had elapsed since the un'ucky disagreement, she determined to take her courage ' in both hands,' and go over to see Jean's mother, and learn from her what had happened. It was rather a bitter pill for her pride to swallow, to go and humilate herself by being the first to seek reconciliation ; but Marie loved Jean too welljto let him go by her own fault, and alie went with slow step and drooping head to seek his mother, who had long loved her as her own daughter. But a bitter disappointment awaited her. The cottage was shut up and looked deserted, ] and the forge-fire was white and cold. With a sharp rear at my heart, Marie turned away and hurried home again, going straight to her father. 'Father, father,'she cried, throwing her arms round his neck and hiding her face on his breast, 11 have been so silly, so wicked ! Jean is gone,and I—I am so wretched !' And the words were lost in a passion of tears. M. Lebas held her close, soothing her till she had grown a little calm, and then he drew a stool beside him and bade her tell him what was wrong. The worthy man had guessed that things were not going well between his pet and her lover, but he had kept silence, feeling sure that Marie would come to him as soon as she needed help. 'Tell me, little one,' he said kindly, smoothing the bright hair as he spoke. 'You have quarrelled with Jean, is it not so ?' ' Yes,' came the sobbing answer. ' I vexed him, and he got angry and left me.' ' Ab, Marie, fllane, I tear you piuvunuu him! Jean is never quick to forgive, if quick to take offence.' The girl's head only drooped in answer, and there was a breaf silence. ' How long ago was this quarrel ?' asked M. Lebas, presently. 'Last Tuesday week,' was the low reply. ' And this is Friday,' exclaimed the father, and then whistled. ' Marie, you should have come to me before. But there, child, do not cry so. We will find this lover of yours, never fear; and you must not have that p:;le face to welcome him. Run away, and let let me see you looking brighter when I re turn. But, though 31. Lebas spoke lightly, his heart belied his word3, Very sure he felt that something serious had kept Jean away so long, for he knew too well the warm heart of his future son-in-law to believe that any slight cause would keep him from Marie's side. He had looked on their quarrel as some foolish lovers' misunderstanding, and he had no idea that things had gone so far as lo threaten an entile separation. A sudden fear darted into his mind. lie remembered hearing that 011 the Wednesday succeeding the day of the quarrel a large party of young men had left the neighboring town to join the army on the frontier; and it struck him as possible that Jean, in an angry moment, had enlisted, and gone with them to the front. So the old man sallied forth to seek for news, and, alas, the news met him half way ! An old friend—a M. Levy—was com ing along the high-road with the intention of telling him what he had himself just heard— that Jean Roussel, the fiancd of fair Marie Lebas, had been seen, shouting and excited, among the party of youths who, with the war-fever hot upon them, had gone against the Prussians, " mourir pour la Patrie.' The first French disasters had already taken place, the youth of France were roused to a sudden enthusiasm, and every village was sending some of its strongest and bravest to stem the tide of invasion. In his mad anger Jean had joined a party he had met, and had gone forward, reckless of danger, and wild to fight somebody or something, if by so doing ho might escape the anguish gnawing at his heart. Michel Thierry was a young man, and a rich one. Many an acre of the best land round Belleville was owned by him, and he wa3 rich in money as well as in land. To be mistress of his comfortable house and fair domain was the secret which of many a : maiden round, and more than one parent had marked him as an eligible husband for a favorite daughter. But Michel Thierry re mained unwed, for one maiden only was fair in his eyes, and that maiden was Marie Lebas, the betrothed of Jean Roussel. Michel had loved Marie long and faithfully, ever since, boy and girl together, they had pla3'ed and studied side by side ; but, as Marie blossomed into womanhood, a rival sprang up to dispute with him the fair flower he was longing to cull and wear on his bosom, and that rival stole away Marie's heart, and won her for himself. There had been much ill-feeling in consequence between the two young men ; and the quarrel which had ended in Jean's departuro from home had not been the first caused by the jealousy felt towards Michel by the successful lover. How far Maria, in her thoughtlessness, had fanned this smouldering dislike, she hardly guessed; still, through all her coquetry, her heart was true to her fiance, and whatever kindness she showed to Michel was shown in Jean's presence rather than in his absence. The tide . of war was sweeping steadily westward, and Michel Thierry was beginning to ponder the advisability of removing into safer quarters than his somewhat isolated farm. One dull autumn evening found him meditating on the often-thought-over question, ' Shall I stay or go ?' The answer was nearer than he thought. There came a noise of opening and shutting doors, a woman's voice, a step in the passage, and, as he started to his feet, a knock at the door, followed by the appearance of a woman in ' sister's' garb. He started back. Great Heaven ! Was it possible ? Could it be Marie, the girl who, when he had last seen her, was so bright, so gay? The rippling hair was brushed., back in smooth bands under the white head-dress ; the face was pale and worn, with deep marks of sufiering and sorrow ; the large eyes looked out on the world with a sad steadfastness wholly foreign to their merry gaze. ' Marie !' he faltered, half doubtfully, as though he could scarcely believe the testi mony of his own eyes. ' Have you not heard ! Do you not know ?' she asked, surprised in her turn. • I have heard nothing,' ho answered, drawing her near to the fire, and placing her gently in his chair. 'What is the matter? And why are you dressed like this V She let her head fall on her hands—oh, so wearily ! ' I am tired, and have eaten nothing all day,' she said, without answering his questions ; anc I need all my strength for the work before me. Will you tell your people to bring something to eat, and let me rest a few minutes before I tell you what help I want from you ?' .Loving and thoughtful as ot oici, Michel brought the large sofa forward, and per suaded her to lie and rest while the servants prepared some supper for her; and then he stood leaning near the fireplace, watching the face he loved, which seemed to him only the lovelier for its now-boru look of stead fastness and patience and the sorrow stamped on the pallid cheeks. Ho was burning with anxiety, but refrained from all questioning lest he should increase her trouble, and waited patiently till rest and food had a little refreshed her. At last she looked up at him with the ghost of a smile on the sad, wan face. ' Monsieur Thierry, I want you to do me r> great kindness. You know that I am now left homeless.' ' What do you say ?' he interrupted,hastily. ' Homeless ? And your father V The girl's lips quivered, and for a few moments she could not force herself to speak. ' You liaye not heard, monsieur 1 You do not know that he is—that he was Mon Dic>i! the young man gasped, stag gering backward. ' Oh, my poor child !' There was a few minutes' silence, and then she spoke again. ' The Prussians came, shots were Bred, and he was taken; lie was the first man in the place, and he was Oh, my poor father, my poor father !' And the faltering voice failed altogether and was lost in sobs. Michel waited awhile till the storm was passed, and then he sat down beside her and took her hand in his, speaking gentle words of comfort. When ho thought she was calm enough to understand him, he asked her what help she wanted from bim. 11 have made up my mind to go away,' she answered. 'I am going to help to nurse our poor soldiers. I have no one now to stay here for. I am homeless—they burned down all the village.' ' You cannot go, Marie—you are mad !' the young man said, hotly, aghast at the idea of his fair love encountering the roughness and the hardships inseparable from the life of an army-nurse. You are too young and too In short, you cannot go.' ' I have made up my mind to go,' came the steady answer; and it was ;'n vnin that he urged every reason he could think of against her resolution. At last he resolved to try one last appeal. ' Marie, this is not a time to speak of love but you dnow that I have loved you long and earnestly. My child, you are homeless and friendless—come to me. You do not love me, dear,' he said, humbly, in answer to her quick gesture of disapproval. 1 But he you love has left you, and is far away. Come to me, my child, and trust to my love to tcach you»to love me.' As he ended he bent towards hor without stretched, pleading hands, his face shining with the warmth of his great love. But no responsive feeling brightened the shadow in her eyes, and her answer was all too calm to suggest a hope. 'Monsieur Thierry, what you wish can never be. I love Jean more dearly now than I over did before. I lost him through my own fault, but I will not marry any other. He is a soldier now, and for love of him I will go and nurse soldiers; perhaps,' she added, with sudden passion, ' if I am very good and patient and very devoted to our poor wounded men, Heaven will guard him, or make him recover if he is hurt. But yon will help mo, Michel. We used to be friends. Help me to go to Paris, help mo to find him. Michel, Michel, be my friend V The young man turned away; must he give her up, so fair as she was, so friendless, so lonely ? Jean had left her—why should slio love him still 1 Ho would carry her away far from war and danger—ho was rich and could do it; his love was strong enough to wear out her indifference. Yes, he would have her, he would save her, in spito of her self. His face flushed and his breast heaved as he thought of colling her his own. The girl, watching him with clasped hands, saw the look on his face and gucssad at his struggle. ' Michel, I am alone,'she cried; 1 no one caii help me but you—I have no other friend !' She had struck the right chord ; the noble nature of him she appealed to responded to her confession of weakness. A groan broke from liim as he buried his face in his hands. In a few moments he raised it, his eyes wot with tears, but shining with a brave resolu tion, his face pure and strong and loving. ' My child, I wili help you as if I were your brother, and may Heaven forsake me if I am ever false to you !' And he bent and kissed her softly and left her there. When morning broke they sot out together for Paris—Paris, where the hope of France was cctitrcd—Paris, Z'ound which was fast closing the terrible grasp of the Prussian foe. -v.- * * * * Through the horrors of Gravolotte Jean bar! passed unscathed—through the long anguish of the retreat on Paris ho had fought and retreated without a wound—in the wild charge by day and iu the dangerous night reconnaissance he had sought death and had only found safety—he had entered Paris and endured the long siege—he had volunteered in the sorties, and returned wounded but stil Hiving. Careless of life, reckless of dangeri he had fought • among the foremost- of the French levies; and still the pain was sharp at his heart for the girl he loved, and who had, as ho thought, betrayed him. . Nothing had taken away that bitter memory, and it had goaded him to a thousand wild acts and had made him reckless of life. He would picture Marie to himself as be trothed to Michel, and would dwell on their happiness till he maddened himself with his own dreams, and would spring up with fierco words on his lips and despair at his heart. When Paris fell, he was one of those who shouted 'Treason' the loudest, and who muttered most bitterly of shame and revenge, and thus joined in organising the Commune, and was one of the noisiest of shouters on the fatal 18th of March. Not his the misguided patriotism which may have lain at the root of some of the wild ideas of the less besotted Communists. He cared nothing for liberty or for the elevation of the poor—his only the wild passion bred of famine and disgrace and blind antagonism to all happier men, which maddened Paris into the awful excesses which will be ever associated with her name. At last those terrible weeks drew to a close —the Yersaillist army was at the gates of Paris. Struggling, tenacious, defiant to the last, the artisan- soldiers were falling back step by step. Then was laid the plot which was to bury the defenders of Faris under the burning ruins of their city. Not to the Com munist leaders belongs that crowning shame; it was the work of the lowest, the most de based of the mingled crowd. Jean Roussel was selected as a safe hand for a prominent share of the -meditated crime, and was sum moned hastily by one of the band. ' Jean, you are bold, and a devoted citizen,' began the captain; and ho shortly sketched the duty which was assigned to him in the fiendish work. Jean gazed at the captain in horror-stricken silence. Brutalised he was, mad and reck less with pain; but he had not sunk low enough for such a task as that. ' Good heaven ! What are you saying ?' bo faltered. The ruffian turned 011 him with a fierce oath. ' What now, citizen Jean? What ails you 1 How! Jean the dare-devil, Jean the scape grace, turning particular at the last! Or are you showing the white feather ? Come, I have no time to stand dawdling here. 4 Yes' or «No' V ' But, Captain,' began Jean. ' Do you turn traitor at last 1' thundered tne otner. 'Traitor? No!' answered Jean. 'Send me to fight at the barricades, and you will see. Bub this ' ' Yea' or 'No V was the sharp interruption. 'No!' shouted Jean. 'I would rather die !' ' Die then traitor, before you betray the cause !' And the furious ruffian plunged his sword into Jean's side. He fell with a cry, throwing up his arm3 wildly, and his murderer, in too great h.iste even to see if the wound were mortal, rushed from the room to superintend his fiendish work. The hours passed on, and Jean lay motion leas where he fell; no one came near him, and he remained there unnoticed. At last the tramp of feet was heard outsido, the door was pushed open, and two men entered, bearing a wounded man between them ; they laid him on the floor, and one of them, who wore the red cross of Geneva and the dress of a ' brother' bent over him to see if life remained. In doing so he caught sight of the prostrate form of Jean, and mentioned to his com panion to examine him. The man answered wearily— ' I am worn out I I can do no more !' and threw himself down on a couch near him. The ' brother ' a man with a gentle, patient face, said no more ; but, as soon as he had done all he could for his patient, he turned to the fallen man. As he drew near to examine what injury he was suffering from a look of surprise crossed his face. He bent lower ; and then, as he raised his head, there was a glad look in his eyes, and a smile on lus parted lips. * Found !' ho inurmcred, 3oftly. ' Thank Heaven ! My poor Marie will bo at rest at last. ' And then ho turned to his companion —'Quick, Jacques—help mo to carry hiin home. Thia wound is beyond my skill.' ' Let me be,' Jacques returned, surlily. 1 What matters one more or less ? I know the man—the worst of a bad lot. There is no chance of a doctor nearer than our hos pital in the Rue Royale, and we cannot carry him there.' ' Jacques,' was the gentle answer, 11 saved your life I' ' Ciel,' cried the man, springing to his feet, ' you speak truly, and you have a right to command my help ! But stay—you are less observant than usual. That man should not be moved; it will bring on the bleeding again. Let me go and seek a doctor ; it may be I shall find one.' And Jacques went out quickly, as eager to assist now as he had been unwilling before. Left alone with his old rival, Michel Thierry proceeded to try to revive him. He succeeded in making him swallow a little brandy; and after a few minutes Jean opened his eyes, and gazed round wildly. Presently he caught sight of Michel, who had drawn a little backward, fearing lest the sight of him should startle the wounded man. Jean gazed at him, first inquiringly, then more fixedly, finally with a look of full recognition and most bitter hatred. He tried to struggle .to his feet, but failed through weakness, and could only glare at his enemy as he strove to draw his sword. ' A.t last, at last!' he gaspod. ' Oh, Michel Thierry, you have come to face me at last, now that I am powerless. But, I will, I will' —and ho strove to rise. But Michel's hand was on his breast, and pressed him firmly down. ' Hush, Jean, old friend ! I have found you indeed, but only to help you.' ' Traitor !' foamed Jean, in his helpless anger. ' Hands off! I will have my revenge yet, and your Marie—the falsa jade !' ' Silence, Jean Roussel; do not speak of Marie till your lips can frame more reverent words. Marie is pure as an angel, and as true to you as woman can be. It is you who have sinned, and not Marie.' Tho calm tone quieted Jean as if by magic. He ceased to struggle, and gazed on Michel wonderingly. ' What do you say ? Is sho not your wife ?' he faltered. Michel, inured to self-restraint ns he was, could not control the thrill of anguish which took him at these words. He turned away, but not quickly enough to corcealhia emotion from Jean. And then the long habit of self sacrifice came to his aid, and he nerved him self to speak. 'Jean, I loved her as my life; but sho loved only you. She never cared for me. She scarcely spoke to mo when you were by. Jean, Joan, what were you thinking of, to thron away her love V Jean listened—wonderingly, believingly ; and, as the quiet tones ceased, he buried his face in hia hands and cried like a child. ' Forgive me, Michel, forgive mo !' ho said, at last. ' I to speak of revenging my self on you—on you who have saved my life !' ' You must let me have revenge, ' Michcl j returned, smiling ; ' it will be to take you to Marie, and let her tell you of her truth.' 'Is she in Paris?' cried Jean, eagerly. 1 But no—it is impossible.' ' Yes it is so,' Michel answered. ' She is in Paris, as nurse to the wounded, and I am going to take her a nsw.patient. But Jacqucs is long—I sent him.for help. ' ' Where is she 1' inquired Jean, presently. ' Ruo Royale, No. 10,' was the answer. Michel wondered as he saw the effect pro duced by hi? words. Jean actunlly stn.rf-pd to his feet, although electrified into now life. ' Oh, Heaven !' he almost screamed. ' Tho Rue Royale is the spot they ordered mo to fire ' Come, come, there is no time to lo3e. Mario, my darling, I shall lose you after all !' Michel sprung to his side as lie rushed to the door. ' Jean, you are mad—you will kill your self ! What is it '(' ' Marie, Marie !' Jean gasped. 'They are setting the Ruo Royale 011 fire !' Michel heard, and delayed no longer. Ignorant of the plot to burn the city, he yet saw that some fresh and to him unknown danger threatened tho one he loved best on earth, and, drawing Jean's arm through his own, to support him, he hurried in the direc tion named. As they gained tho street, flames were bursting out in various places, and lie tried to hurry his companion on ; but Jean's strength was failing him, and Michel was obliged almost to carry him. At last he stopped and placed him inside a largo gateway. 'Stay there!' he whispered in his ear. ' Don't move — I will letch her.1 And, relinquishing his hold of Jean, he sprang towards the house were Marie was. ' He almost flew up-stairs and dragged her down. ' Quick, quick V he gasped. ' Come—ask no questions.' And he hurried her out into the road, and to the spot where he had loft Jean. One glance showed Marie that the lost was found ; and in a moment she was in her lover's arms. 'Wait,' Michel said he. 'Stay with him while I seo what is best to be done.' And he left them thero, and passed out into the road. Half-an-hour passed by, and then ho returned deadly pale, but with a strange light on his face. 'Mario,' he whispered, 'the Versaillists are upon us—there is no time to loso ! Re member, if you hesitate, all is lost. But you may yet save Jean. Do as I bid you, and ask nothing. Help me to change clothes with Jean.' Marie looked at him wonderingly; but, overawed by his imperative gestures, she began to disrobe Jean, who was exhausted by his violent exertions, and had relapsed into a state of semi-un'jonsciousness. Michel and Marie soon remove! his blood-stained uniform and robed him in the cassock which was Michel's dress. Not till Michel began rapidly to put on the cast-off uniform did a glimmer of his intention flash into Marie's mind; ' Michel, you must not—you shall not !' And she laid an arresting hand on his arm. He pushed it away gently. 'Marie, be still; you-cannot save us both. Save him, the man you love, dear child, and let me go 1 That dress will carry him safely through—this'—and he touched the uniform —1 would lose him his life in the first rush of tho enemy !' ' But, Michel, brother, noblest of friends, it will cost you your life if it would cost him his ! You shall not sacrifice yourself !' ' Hush, dear. It is bost so. Marie, can you not guess, even now, how I love you ? Child, let mo die for your happiness, if I cannot live for it. Remember, it was I who found him, and gave you to each other. Listen—it is too late to change now 1' It was too late. Onward they came, the mad, victorious soldiers. Michel sprang into the road, lest his fatal dress should attract their eyes to the doorway where Jean lay, with Marie kneeling beside him; and in a moment he was seized and overpowered. As a soldier raisod his sword to strike him down, ho cried — ' Hold ! Take me to your captain. I am Jean Roussol.' The name was known *s that of one of the most reckless and dangerous of their foes, and the Yersaillists stayed their blows that they might rather secure him as a prisoner. Michel had gained all he cared for—to save Mario the pain of seeing his death; he knew too well that his doom was deferred, not re versed. That night a long nlo of captives trod wearily along the road from Paris from Eer sailles. Bound together, young and old, faint with famine, bleeding from wounds, they struggled on, some falling at every yard. Their captors hurried them on, with sneers and taunts and blows, careless of their pain and deaf to their entreaties. Michel was chained to a lad of fourteen, and, ever thoughtful for others, was trying to help him along; but the lad was failing fast, and pre sently he dropped, checking Michel's ad vance. A sharp blow from the flat of a sword struck Michel as ho bent to raise the dying boy. He glanced upward with a word of appeal, but was met with an imprecation. 4 Stay,' he said—' the boy is dying. I can not carry him farther.' 'Go on 'sc^lferat'!' hissed the soldier. ' Let him die I Who cares for his death V The procession struggled on, and in a few moments the tramp of cavalry was heard be hind, and a command to halt was given. ' Is Jean Roussel here !' came the stern question. ' I am he,' said Michel, raising his head. The officer spurred forward to his side. ' You ?' he queried. Michel answered by a gesture, and tho officer raised himself in his atirrujm and cried to the mob around— ' There he is, the villain, the scoundrel 1 He is one of the lowest of that vile band yonder. Ho wa3 one of them who sot our Paris in flames. ' Petroleur ! Petroleur 1' The cry was echoed around, and the mob with savage cries and threatening gestures pressed nearer. A hundred hands were raised to strike; but for a few moments the crowd held back, awed by tho majesty of the man who stood before them, bound and helpless, but calm, with a martyr's patience, radiant with a hero's glory; in a few moments came a yell of concentrated fury, upraised hands decented swiftly, a dull sound of blows was heard, and then ensued silence. The soul of the victim had passed away 1 ***** No stone marks the resting place of Michel Thierry—no notice of his death is recorded; and far away, in a peaceful English villago, Jean and Marie Roussol look with ever-weakening hope for the friend who, generously gave his life for theirs. 