[?] ?TTWIMBBBBbHi^BBM^BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI *&VfiPUli-BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBi; SS^bMbb^b^bbbbbbbbbbbbbb! ^^^Ki^bbbb^b^bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb! _||l|-rm*JL_ MflW af^BBCfiBflHBBSHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBi !2*£_S1PK^bbbbbbbb1 fMlPHIftllf Wm Wbb^b^b^b»JbbbT 'SBt vbbBbSHBJ^^HI -_£ W..A t^fcfc.i jijL^ -kM^BBBB^'^HHH tfljf iwHifl B^Binfl ^?b flHHH*»-jt 3bVAkI night lately he had looked through more glasses than usual, and reached his boarding house, or hotel—it doesn't matter which—in a very mixed state. And he brought the friends of his con- viviality along with him, for the friend was locked out of his particular ??? house. "Never mind ???? CBBBk^QjBB^B^BBBBBBB^HflHHFaBHHHvSfSHr9HHHHHHHna fisiMFiiMMtfj|ii^^BwBHri^!liJllB SbbbbbbI boys who had been thus sold went out- side and vowed never to drink again. "When a man's so drunk as to mistake a lovely woman for a ghost it's time to swear off," was the unanimous opinion of those too, and my little bird heard their tale, and wont all the parties be surprised to discover that somebody else knows. POLICE COURT. THURSDAY, MAY 31, (Before Mr M. L. Hall, S.M., and Mr F. Tinard-Welsh, J. P.) Dennis Murray was brought up in cus- tody charged by Superintendent Conlan with indecently assaulting Mrs Anne Floyd, Mr Omant (Urquhart and Omant) de- fended the accused. Mr Conlan asked that the charge should be withdrawn and one of "??? with intent to commit a criminal offence" sub- stituted. Mr Omant objected to altering this charge maintaining that it was unfair to ask the accused to answer the charge after arresting him on a different one. The Bench, however, allowed the altera- tion and the case proceeded. At Mr Conlan's request all parties were ordered out of Court. Mrs Anne Floyd, an elderly married woman residing at Zeehan, deposed, —She lived in a hut on the Western tram. Her husband was in Launceston under a doctor's care. She was alone on the night of the 25th. She was awakened between 1 and 2 o'clock by the accused getting into bed with her. He attempted to commit an indecent assault on her. (Witness here ???? described the nature of the attempt). She screamed out and struggled with accused. He got one hand on her throat and held her down, but she continued struggling and get away from him. She then lit a candle and recognised the man in the box. She had only seen him once previous to the assault, which was at Mrs Smith's, when he came about some wash- ing. She slipped a shirt on. The prisoner was lying on the bed, and she dragged him off the bed, and outside and rolled him down the hill, and threw a bucket and some dishes of water on him. He insisted on coming to the home again, and witness went away for assistance. Ac- cused was in a beastly drunken state, and like a man out of his mind. He had a small knife in his hand. She noticed a ???? of the ??? ??? away. The door was padlocked on the inside. Her neck was marked, and the skin broken where prisoner held her. Several people had seen the marks; but she did not notice them when she first came to the police, as she was sore all over from struggling. Dr Kennedy had seen the marks. She went to Mr Smith's place, and called him out and told him that the man who she had met at his (Smith's) place, was in her house and asked Smith to come and take him out. Mr Smith told her in such a case she had better get the police. She then went to the police station in the town, and knocked, but could not make anyone hear. She then went down to the sub- inspector's quarters, who was very ill and told her where to find the police. She went in search of a constable, but could not find one. About half-past four she went back to Mrs Smith's. Had been looking for the police for three hours. About half-past six she again went for the police. Mrs Smith went with her to her hut to get clothes, and prisoner was still in her bed asleep and snoring. She found an over- coat as a ?????? her ??. She sub- sequently gave the coat to the police (coat produced). The constable found a pair of boots near the ???, a few yards from the coat. After the man had gone she missed a pair of old slippers, and the policeman showed to them of her afterwards. ??? produced were the same. She afterwards found a pocket knife in the bed and gave it to the police; believed the one produced to be the same. Cross-examined by Mr Omant.— Her hut is by itself— might be 100 or 200 yards from any other hut. She lived on her husband's wages. He had been away about a month. He left her a little money, not much. She did not put the accused to bed when he came to her hut. She did not take his boots off. Did not take his coat off and put him to bed. She screamed out for help. He was so drunk that she was able to drag him out of bed and push him down the hill. He seemed like a man that was hocussed. After pushing him out he crawled on his hands and knees back to the hut. When she saw accused previously at Smith's house he showed her down the tram with a light, and she then told him she was going to take boarders when her husband comes home. "I'II make one; goodnight." And that was all had ever passed between them. She know Mrs Barber, and told her of the assault. This was not a case of money. She did not search his pockets. Did not tell Mrs Barber that he had no money on him. She never took money from any gentleman; she was a respectable married woman. If accused had offered hermoney she would have refused it, and this case would have been brought just the same. She had never gone to pay on account at Mr Cato's and snatched the note up again when Mr Cato had receipted the bill. She had never levied blackmail on Mrs Brosnan, but had asked her to pay for damage done by Mrs Brosnan's children to her furniture. She lived in a hut to save rent and keep out of debt. Accused had not been in the habit of frequenting her place, or had never taken liquor or spirits to her hut, nor had any other man on Zeehan. She never had intercourse with accused. No man had ever caught her and accused in bed. She was never improperly intimate with Flavey or any other man on the field. None of the miners made her house a place on con- venience. It was not a fact that she was living at a house of ill-fame at Beacon- field, or had been brought before the Court for associating with persons of loose character. She was a Salvationist, and knew what an oath was. She swore solemnly she had never been intimate with any man. Mr Conlan here objected to witness answering such questions. He said it was adding insult to injury; the Bench thought it better that she should answer. Re-examined by Mr Conlan —Mrs Bar- ber had said to her since the offence— Mr Omant objected that this evidence should be taken and quoted from authori- ties. The Bench —You have brought it on yourself. We have no pity for you. You took a very mean advantage in your right of cross- examination, and we will allow this evidence. Mr Omant —The Bench has no right to say I took a mean advantage. The case proceeded—Mrs Barber said to her since the offence, " If you'll not swear against the man you can get £10. Witness replied she wanted no pounds and would tell no lies. Mrs Barber said, "Will you go away and not swear for £40? I can get it in two minutes. She did not hear accused getting into the place because she was very deaf. Dr John Kennedy deposed—He knew Mrs Anne Floyd. Examined her on Tuesday night and found two scratches on her neck, each about two inches long, and looked like marks made by fingernails. They would be caused by a person clutch- ing her by the throat as she asserted accused had done. Had known Mrs Floyd for some time, and knew nothing against her character. He had attended her husband. Minnie Smith deposed—She was a married woman and lived on the Western tram. She knew Mrs Anne Floyd, who came to her on the 25th inst between the hours of 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning and said that a man had broken into her house and got into bed. Mrs Floyd said it was the man who was at witness' place a few night's before. She then went away and said she was going for the police, and afterwards came back again and stayed until about 7 o'clock. Mrs Floyd only had a skirt and jacket on and boots, but no stockings Witness went to her hut with Mrs Floyd to get some more clothes. Witness saw some person in the bed at the hut, but could not say who it was. The person was snoring, and it was too dark for her to recognise who it was. Mrs Floyd returned to witness' place and put her clothes on, and went away again for the police. Witness saw a piece cut out of the side of the tent, and a hat lying out side. Could not swear the hat produced was the same. She noticed the bed was disarranged, but could not see any signs of struggling in the tent. Witness knew Mrs Floyd for a year and eight months and her character was good as far is witness knew. Remembered Murray being at witness' house about some washing, and he and Mrs Floyd leaving together. It was after dark and raining. Murray said, "Wait a minute, Mrs Floyd, I'm going down and will show you a light." Cross-examined by Mr Omant — It was too dark to recogise the man in the bed. Mrs Floyd could not then have recognised the man. Witness could not say whether accused had ever been in Mrs Floyd's house previously To the Bench — Could not say she had seen Murray wearing the hat and coat produced, but had seen him with a hat like that. Sub-inspector Higgins deposed,— Mrs Floyd came and woke him up shortly after 3 o'clock a.m., and made a complaint. He was ill, and directed her to one of the constables. Constable Clements deposed, — Mrs Floyd came to him on the morning of the 26th and he accompanied her to her but on the Western tram. The bedding was dis- arranged, and things in the hut thrown about. The tent had a cut in it about 2ft high and 1ft wide. The cut was in the bagging inside, and a piece of galvanised iron was lying outside, which had ap- parently been torn off from between two slabs, and which had covered the cut portion of the lining. Mrs Floyd handed witness a coat which was on a stump outside, and also a pair of boots. They were the coat and boots produced. Witness then had a conversation with Mrs Smith, and then went to Murray's hut on the Western. Murray was sitting by the fire in his shirt and pants, and had on a pair of old shoes. Asked accused where he had been previously. Accused said "What do you want to know for, I won't tell you." Witness asked accused where were the boots he had worn that morning and he pointed to a pair of water-tights. A coat and vest were lying in the place and they were very wet. This was about 8.30 a.m. When asked where was the hat he wore, accused pointed to a black hat. Witness remarked the hat was dry and different to the rest of his clothes. Witness said he must arrest accused for breaking into Mrs Floyd's premises. Murray said "can't you do it without lum- bering me." Told accused he must come and accused looked round for his pipe, and asked Constable Pemberton to look in the pocket of the overcoat which Pemberton had on his arm. Witness said "0h, that coat does belong to you then " and accused replied " I would not give a — for the coat, if I was clear of it." Witness took the shoes that accused was wearing They were those now produced. Saw Murray on the previous night about 11.30 going up the street. He was under the influence of liquor. George Parker deposed to having seen, accused about 12 o'clock on Friday night outside Clarke's Hotel in a hat and coat similar to that produced ; accused was then behaving in an objectionable way and was drunk, but able to walk. Charles Smith deposed that he had known Mrs Floyd about 12 months, during which time she lived in the next house, and he believed her to be a very respect- able old body. Mr Omant submitted that no evidence had been shown of intent to commit a criminal assault on the prosecutrix. He submitted that the evidence of Mrs Floyd was conflicting aud unsupported. They only had her uncorroborated statement. Mrs Smith had failed to recognise the accused as the man in the house. The prosecutrix had told other people different statements. She had told Mrs Barber positively that the man had never at- tempted violence of any kind. Accused, on being asked, declined to make any statement. Elizabeth Birbir, alaunire.B, residing at Zathan, deposed — Sirs Floyd came to her house aboui 4 o'cl xk on tlie morning of the 26th, nnd remained there about hilf an- hour. She told witness a man cam* to her house and got into her bed, and the thought it wae Mr Floyd. The prose cutrix told witne-ie that «h? dragged the man out and threw water oa him ; «he ? said distinctly thst tl.e man hid net use! : any violence towards her, and sh * did not appear to have been struggling. To Mr Conlan— Witness went up to Mrs Floyd's place oa Sunday. It was to see if sho was goin{ to the Army ineating. No body sent witness to sae Mrs Floyd about this case. Witneso never offered Mrs Floyd £10 or £40 to eay nothing about it, but did say that it was a pity the man should get into trouble, and the knew he wouhi not have done it had hs b?-m sober Witness bad never been a witness on a . similar case before. She !i,vl livei with n j mau turned Nugget, but \v-t of Ute y-Mirs. I She did not know accused at all, nnd hid ? no interest ia getting him out of a *er,:p;. Mrs Floyd te'.d her a diffarent etorv tho second time, and witness said she did not , believe it. To the Bench — I have known Mrs Floyd for two years. Always found her sober, and never heard anything against , her character except little stories about her honeBty if you matt hear tho truth. Just people saying they've miascd little things where bIib'b been, f knw she can drink a drop, but have not er en her drunk. I know she drank a battle of wine one night when she was sick, for I took it myself. I believe her moral character to be good. If she toM Iiss about me, I'll tell tbe truth about her. This concludid tbe case. Toe Bench considered a prima fircic case was made out, nnd committed accused to take his trial nt the next session of the Criminal Court in Hobart. Rlr Omant asked for bail, and the , Bench agreed to allow bail on the security of accused himself for £75, aud another approved security to the same amount. 