" A Ghostly Experiment," BETWEEN midnight and the dawn of a day in mid December, the six thousand eight hun- dred and ninety-eighth annual Congress of the Universal Association of Ghosts was in ses- sion. It was held, as was usually the case, a few days before Christmas, both because the long nights of the winter season were more convenient for that large and respectable class of apparitions which has only the hours between sunset and sunrise at its disposal, being doubtless other- wise sufficiently occupied during the remainder of the twenty-four; and in order to have an opportunity of cri- ticising any ghost stories that might appear in the Christmas papers. The place of meeting varied from year to year; sometimes a ruined castle or abbey, at others a lonely forest or heath; but on this occasion tbe Con- gress was held at a particularly eli- gible site in the Essex marshes. The spot was ghostly to the last degree. There was quite a resident popula- tion of spooks and bogies within a short radius-nearly every pool was haunted by a drowned fisherman or sailor, besides seven or eight pirates who had been hanged in chains along the river bank, and a prisoner from the hulks off Deptford, who, in at- tempting to escape, had stuck fast in a mud-hole till the rising tide made a ghost of him. Add that the place was most conveniently lighted with Will-o'-the-wisps, and that the rustle of the reeds and sedge, the gurgle of the black oozy water, and the dismal mewing of the curlews, combined to form as eerie a collection of sounds as any spectre could desire. Amongst other business of which notice had been given, the Congress had to receive the report of a commit- tee recently appointed to inquire into the present condition and prospects of superstition among mankind, and into the best means of promoting it. The chairman of this committee was the ghost of a certain bagman, who had been murdered by the host of a lonely roadside inn for the sake of the money he was supposed to be car- rying with him. He had haunted the scene of his death with most business- like regularity for many years, until the pulling down of the building to which he was attached set him free to attend to other matters. His inti- mates in the world of spirits were in the habit of calling him the inn spec- tre (or inspector), both in jocular rr- ference to the place in which his du- ties as an apparition had been perfor- med and as a tribute to his observant and inquiring disposition. This qual- ity as well as the amount of leisure he now enjoyed, singularly adapted him for the post he at present held and his report was awaited with much interest by the assembly. He read several pages of most valuable statis- tics, showing the number and descrip- tion of bona fide appearances effected during the past five years; the number, age, sex, and condition of the persons by whom they had been witnessed, and the percentage of those who were previously believers in ghosts, or who had consequently become so; also on those who had accepted the account of each manifestation at first, second, and third hand respectively; and those who had not seen the ghost in question, but had related the story of it so often that they had come to think they had. "In concluding our report," he went on to say, "your committee feels ex- treme regret at the opinion at which it has been forced to arrve: that the whole method of supernatural manifes- tations is defective in a most essential point, viz., that in nearly every case they only convince those who are al- ready predisposed to credit them; that they may, indeed, strengthen the faith of believers, but that they fail to over- come the prejudices of those who are not. Even the latest and most scien- tific demonstrations of supernatural- ism," he proceeded, "are open to the same objection-the great spiritualistic and mediumistic system, with its rap pings, writings, trances, and even its final effort in the form of materialisa- tion, is only accepted by a few enthu- siastic disciples among .mankind; it is already discredited in the older cen- tres of civilisation, and is carried on with but limited success even in the most distant colonies. Knowing as we do that our existence as a body depends almost entirely upon the cre- dulity of mankind, this state of affairs must fill us with the greatest alarm; and it is to be hoped that every ghost, spirit, and apparition present, down to the humblest bogey, will during the coming year exert his utmost efforts to convince, not only those who are al- ready inclined to superstition, but those whom a partial education has blinded against the truth with the dust of a shallow and ignorant mater- ialism." A buzz of general discussion fol- lowed the close of the inspector's ad- dress, each ghost, spook, and phantom maintaining with energy that his or her own particular way of doing busi- ness was the one, the only one, calcu- lated to terrify into conviction the most resolute sceptic. Goblins and hob- goblins, wraiths and banshees, alike insisted on their claims, and the dis- pute threatened to become unduly hea- ted, when a respectable double-ganger offered a practical suggestion. "Let us take a test case," he said; "a hu- man being of perfect density and sto- lidity, and try him with a series of ma- nifestations, after which we may be able to judge which methods are the most effectual." This proposal was hailed with enthu- siasm, when the ghost of Julius Caesar, who in virtue of his rank and antiquity had been elected President of the Congress for that year, rising and taking his watch-a death watch from the pocket of his toga, said "Ladies and gentlemen, I am sorry to have to announce that it wants only a few minutes of daybreak. I must, therefore, declare the present session at an end." "A tall figure, robed and cowled in white, advanced gradually into the room." Within those few remaining minutes the whole assembly dissolved, mostly iInto thin air, though a few of the more substantial ghosts went away in their carriages, drawn of course by night- mares, but not before those who wish- ed to act on the double-ganger's sug- gestion had hurriedly appointed a meeting for the following night to make arrangements for carrying out the experiment. This latter being a private and in- formal gathering, no report of its proceedings is accessible; but it ap- pears from the result that a subject for the trial manifestations was selec- ted, in the form of a middle-aged grocer and his wife, resident at Upper Tooting. " They were as stupid and pig-headed a couple as one could find, believing practically nothing beyond the evidence of their senses, or what they regarded as such, and referring all doubtful matters to the standard of their "common sense," of which it can only be said that it was very common, and not at all sensitive. The mediumistic ghosts gave up this couple without an attempt. "We can do no- thing except at a proper seance," they said, "and you might as well try to get Joseph Figgins and his wife to the moon as to a spiritualistic seance." So they withdrew from the competition, two of their number being appointed to act as judges of the trials. First the wraiths and double-gang- ers took thej case In hand. "Joseph," Mrs. Figgins would say, "I saw a man precisely like you, and dressed Just the same too, walk down the street just after yon got into the 'bus," or Mr. F. would recount a similar coincidence. "But well," they remarked after any such experience, "there must be plen- ty of people alike among so many; and as for clothes, there is more made of a pattern than goes to yours or mine." A very successful spectre, whose role was to rattle a chain and groan, took a couple of days' absence from the castle he usually infested, expressly to perform for the Figginses, but to no purpose. They only concluded that their next door neighbor had bought a new dog. "It isn't so loud as the one they used to have, but it keeps on," said Mrs. Figgins. Mysterious tappings, whispers, and footfalls, strange lights, and the touch of icy hands were tried, with no bet- ter result. The worthy tradesman and his wife either did not notice them at all, or instantly accounted for them in some ridiculously simple and stupid way. Thus, when the doors opened without apparent agency, they put it down to draughts, and when steps were heard to follow them along the passages, they said it was someone moving about next door. Finally a select company of phan- toms exhibited their special display; never before performed, except at the spot and on the anniver- sary of the events it commemo- rated. It consisted of a duel with swords, followed by the entrance of the lady love of the slain man, who dies then and there of a broken heart, with all her hair about her ears. As there was not space to enact this tragedy in Mr. Figgins's residence, the performers appeared in an adjacent back garden, a view of which it com- manded. "Well, I never," said Mrs. Figgins, whom the flickering torches and the clink of the crossing steel had in- duced to look out of the window, "if those ridiculous Pawkinses aren't at some of their theatrical foolishness again, and out of doors too, at this time of year!" As she spoke, the scene and its actors vanished, but as they did so at the moment when she had turned from the window to ad- dress the above remark to her hus- band, this little effect was thrown away. The result of this grand effort consi- derably discouraged the experiment- ers, who were on the point of relin- quishing their attempts, when a com- mon bogey of the white-sheet order, who had taken no part in the competi- tion, or in the discussion that preceded it, and who was regarded with no small contempt by the more accom- plished spectres, remarked in humble and apologetic tones, "If I might make a suggestion, ladles and gentlemen, it would, be that your methods are al- together too refined and delicate for a subject of this character. I admit that with intelligences of some sensi- tiveness, and not wholly devoid of imagination, your treatment has many advantages, but I believe, and with your permission will try to prove, that in cases of this kind there is noth- ing so effectual as my old-fashioned procedure." Receiving no answer be- yond a contemptuous laugh-there was a spectre present whose laugh was con- sidered one of his very best points; he would let it off in tho act of vanish- ing, with great effect-the sheet-ghost unfolded the cloth that formed his professional equipment, and after pro- perly arranging it, silently entered the dwelling of the Figginses. The re- mainder of the company, more interes- ted than they cared to admit, them- selves invisible, watched his perform- ance through the windows. Mr. and Mrs. Figgins had finished their tea, and were just sitting down to their nightly game of cribbage. "I asked young Pawkins," said Mr. F., "about that performance of their's last night, and he told me that they were doing nothing of the kind; in fact none of them were at home that even- ing, and that you must have been dreaming, or else what you saw were ghosts." "Ghosts!" returned the lady, with a snort of Indignation. "To think of any sane person talking such rubbish. If I were to see a ghost walk in at that door-" What she would have done in that case was never uttered. As she was speaking the door slowly opened, and a tall figure, robed and cowled in white, advanced gradually into the room. Mr. Figgins turned to fly, but fell headlong over a chair, while his wife, after facing the intruder, open-mouthed and motionless, for two seconds, sank fainting to the floor. When Mr. Figgins recovered his feet, and Mrs. Figgins her senses, the awful visitant was gone, but the feat was accomplished; both of them were then and thenceforward firm believers in ghosts. The bogey returned triumphant to its vanquished competitors, who were obliged to confess the efficacy of its practice, at all events in refractory cases. The result of these trials soon became widely known and discussed in the world of spooks, and caused a considerable reaction in favor of what had long been regarded as an obsolete and superseded system. The result will probably be that the white-sheet process will be largely resorted to this season; and if the reader will take the trouble to keep account of the appari- tions he encounters during the next few months, he will probably find that a majority of them are thus attired. EFFRA. 