t\iS THURSDAY, APRIL 19, 1894. The matter of a through wheel road to Dari Eiver is exciting considerable attention on the Upper Murray, if we can judge by a voluminous article on the subjoct which appeared in last week’s issue of the Courier. After long threatening, the storm has broken upon the devoted heads of the Towong Shire councillors for daring to adopt the direct Cravenvjllo route in preference to the circuitous one by way of Whooler’s Gib. We have not yet hoard of any of the ratepayers’ representatives yielding up tho ghost as a result of tho oditorial fulmina tion, so wo may coueludo they have survived tho diro visitation ; but when the article comes to be read by tho shire magnates, thoy will no doubt hide their diminished heads for sheer shame at tho lioinousness of their olfonco as demonstrated by this now Daniel come to judgment. The effect of “ inwardly digesting” the article in question, howover, will be to justify tho Council in adhering to its decision, for tho arguments advanced by tho opponents of tho Cravenvillo track aro of a superlatively weak and leaky character. In tho first two lines of his articlo on tho “ above subject,” the fact bocomes manifest that our contemporary has “lost his head,” to which circumstance wo may charitably attribute his subsequent flounderings, his repeated begging of the question, and his lame and im potent conclusion. Wo have not the space to traverso at length the state ments and misstatements of our contemporary; suffice it to say that ho goes “bald-headed” for the Wheeler’s Gib track, while the Cravenville route is denounced with “bell, book and candle” fervor. It is well known that newspapers, like manjr parsons and politicians, find it politic occasionally to argue against their own convictions; and it would appear that our Corryong contem porary is in this position, when ho discusses this subject in such an obviously ml captandum vein. One sentenco of tho article in question roads as follows :— ‘ ‘ Tho Cravonvilloroute has an advantage (on paper) of being soino 22 milos shorter than that by Nariel, but the traveller who elects to go by the former way has, in tho portion between Cravonvillo and the Dark lliver, soino 23 milos of as difficult and rough road as it is possible to travel upon, while on tho Nariel route he can get to within nino milos of the destination undor notice without any more discomfort than he would experience in travelling a similar distance on tho best road iu tho Shiro. In addition to this the grade of tho road already sur veyed and partly cut over this remaining nino milos is very easy and far more practicable than any road that can bo graded in tho distanco specified for the approach from the Cravenvillo side.” Our contemporary only grudgingly allows that the Cravonville route has any advantage; but here he has the rolentless logic of facts against him, inasmuch as nearly all travellers bound .for Dark. Eiver elect to take the < Cravenville. route, despite the “difficulties” and “roughness” to be encountered by the way. When we ■find teamsters electing to face the dangers of the Cravenville route in preference to the pleasant road by Nariel, we are forced to the conclusion that either the “jolly waggoner” is a crass idiot .'(which ho generally isn’t), or that distance lends enchant ment to the view of the Craven ville route, whose 22-miles’ shortage compensates for all the toil and trouble encountered by tho way. Our con temporary, whilo pandoring to the feeling of inordinate jealousy of Tal laugatta which seems to obtain in certain Corryong quarters, has test sight of the main point that the Dark Eiver road is not intended to benefit either Tallaugatta or Corryong —tho idea is to afford a wliool road from tho railway to tho Dark Eiver goldfield by the shortest and most direct route. Tho Cravenville track supplies this requirement; and, in' view of the Government voting a grant in aid of tho work, and the mining syndicates concerned showing their faith in the field by the ollor of a substantial subvention, we think no temperate or unbiassed ratepayer will cavil at the action of the Council in undertaking to expend £400 out of £1400 on a road which bids fair to play an important part in opening-up a . rich gold-fiold and giving such a fillip to the mining industry as must make itself felt for tho good of the | whole district. Tho Corryong paper I unkindly suggests that Tnllangatta is prompted by selfishness in this re gard, and that tho councillors have been “worked” accordingly. As a matter of fact, it matters little if any thing to Tnllangatta whether the traffic to Dark Rivor goes by way of Cravonvillo or Nariol. Any but a jaundiced eye must perceive that in either event Tallaugatta must bo tho branching place for any traffic coming by railway, and that this torminus must be tho converging point in the event of tiie two roads being made. Another stavo of the article runs “ Experienced men who travel this (Cravonvillo) route aver that for throe mouths of the year snow lies a few inches deep on about four milos of it on tho top of tho rnugo.” We are informed by a gentleman who does know what ho is talking about that tho snow has never interfered with the traffic on the Cravenville road once in the last ton or twelve years. Our informant further asserts that tho suow question is extremely far- fotched—it is hardly worth con sideration at all; but any comparison of tho two routes iu that regard would most decidedly bo to the disadvantage of that via Nariel. We sincerely sympathise with the Upper Murray people in their efforts to get direct connection with tho Dark River, but their efforts in that direction, viewed in the light of their press advocacy, seem to us to be neither fair nor diplomatic. We have always held the view that the oponing-up of main roads through our territory is neces sary to the proper development of our varied resources, and have at various times advocated road construction Orneownrds from both tho Upper Murray and Mitta Mitta. Tho action of the Shire Council in adopting the Cravenville route is above suspicion. Not one of the members who voted on tho question did so out of any axe grinding consideration ; not one of them stands to personally benefit by sucli action ; on tho contrary, in sup porting the Cravenville route, four at least voted against their private interests. Therefore, we think they can confidently leave themselves in the hands of thoir constituents, who will acquit them of tho charge of not acting “on the square” in this matter. Wo happen to know that the local body as a whole is favorably inclined towards, and auxious to secure, roads to Omeo from both Corryong and Mitta Mitta; and no doubt, in tho early future, tho Council’s influence will bo exerted to the end of accom plishing both desirable works in turn. In tho meantime, they appoar to have recognised tho fact that “ one at a time is very good fishing,” and, taking all tho surroundings into consideration, decided in favor of the track which is the most diroct, and the one for which tho greatest assistance will he forthcoming. The Corryong people can afford to wait a littlo longer for their direct road to Dark River. According to their own showing, they havo a splendid road (as good as any in tho Shiro) up to within nino miles of the “ goal of their ambition,” and tho nino-milos’ interspace is already partly cut and inoro practicable for traffic than any part of tho road now used botwoou Cravonvillo and Dark River. Tho hardship of travel from Corryong to Dark River cannot, there fore, bo so great as our self-contra dictory Upper Murray frionds would havo us believe. Our contemporary hazards tho opinion that tho cost of the Cravonvillo track will prove to greatly exceed tho estimate; but he glibly declares as preposterous tbe idea that a similar orror of judgment could bo mado with regard to his pet proposal. This sort of talk is fudge ! But the article under review is written in tho same strain throughout—tho writer has looked through one end of the telescope to magnify tho morits of his favorito scheme, and through the other at the domorits of tho rival road. In proof of tho insonsato jealousy of Tallangatta which pre vails in certain Upper Murray circles, the concluding paragraph of our contemporaiy’s hifalutin article is an eloquent exposition. The final screech runs thus:— “Wo suffor enough as it is through having to ‘ play second fiddle’ on many occasions when wo aro entitled to play first, or at least to bo on equal torms with the rest of tho orchestra, and it is high time, now that we have served our apprenticeship, that our claims should bo listenod to with the respoct and attention they deserve.” Ratepayers in the Tallangatta neigh borhood aro " frequently heard to complain that tho upper end of the riding has .“.the best end of the stick.” and invariably receives better consideration at the hands of the local representatives than does ■ the lower portion. And tho opinion prevails pretty generally that, if severance— which is so threateningly urged by anonymous writers in our con temporary’s columns—were effected to-morrow, tbe last condition of the Upper Murray ratepayers would be infinitely worse than the first. If the ratepayers at tho Corryong end fully, believe that the time is ripe for their seceding from the large family con nection and starting housekeeping on thoir own account, let them by all moans sot to work to “cut tho painter” in an open and honorable wav. For our part, any assistance that we can rondcr will be heartily accorded the movement. But we think this continual setting-up of ono centre against the other is a very invidious proceeding, and should.be reprobated by all right-thinking ratepayers. If the family tie is to bo broken asunder, let us approach the “parting of the ways” in a friendly spirit. 