FINANCIAL REFORM. A STATE BANK. REVISING ESTIMATES. Another dose of the Taxation Bill was iron to the Legislative Counoii on Tuesday. 5 'he medioine was not palatable to most members, who in retaliation gave the Chief Seorstary posers which made him unusually uncomfortable. Ip Committee members £»Wled tor and against the absentee. The Chief Secretary admitted his error last week as to his interpretation of "absentee," and explained that there are two oonditions of inolnsion as an absentee, viz., absence f°r two years and non-residence. The liability is created by either of theBe two conditions, and the exemption arises »nere neither of them ooour. 2 he Chief Secretary was foroed to submit to considerable chaffing for coming down. The Hon. E. Ward suggested that the Crown law officers should be invited to state their opinion on the clause. Numerous possibilities of absentee landowners evading the tax were •nggested by supporters as well as by opponents of the Bill, but the Chief Seoretary did not attempt to answer them all offhand. Contingencies, of oourse, could be raised in this Bill as in any other Bill and they would nave «o be settled by the Taxation Department when they arose. Sir Edwin Smith failed to Bee how a person could be desiguated an absentee who was out of the colony, but who bad left his hon;e behind bim. Dr. Magarey raised a laugh by his enquiry as to how it oould be possible for any one to take his house with him. Even some of the Labour members reoogniBed the vagueness of the definition of absentee. The Hon. G. McGregor, however, wanted, to know " Why all this fighting of ghosts?" and the Hon. W. Bussell another defender of the clause, feared the debate represented too much hairsplitting. The Hon. E. Ward led an attack against the proposed period for dating absenteeism, arguing that the first assessment for taxing absentees should be the first assessment calculated after the ooming into operation of the Aot, otherwise the Bill would be retrospective. The Chief Seoretary thoueht it advisable to resume to consider Mr. Ward's suggestion, and after having spent an hour in Committee the Bill was left where it was without any progress being reported. It will probably be taken up again to-day. In a brief speech the Chief Seoretary explained the leading provisions of the Factories Bill on its second reading, and the debate was adjourned till next day. The amendments made by the Council in the Vermin Bill which the Assembly disagreed with were not insisted upon. Consequently the Bill will remain exclusively a fencing measure. The Hon. E. Ward and others sought to retain the Council's clause extending the powers of the Vermin Boards, but were defeated by 11 to 7, after the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin had failed to carry bis compromise that the expenditure of the rates should be restrioted to scalping dogs and fearing. The Assembly pronounced as a reason for dissent from the Council's amendment that membership of a Vermin Board was not congenial, to women. Mr. Ward asked, "If that position is not oongemal to women then . how oan the position of amemberof Parliament be congenial to them." He was left unanswered. The Electoral Bill was further oonsidered in Oouimittse, where, at the instance of the Hon. J. L. Stirling, it was decided to hold the Returning Officer for the province responsible for the direction and con- \- trol of the preparation and maintenance of the electoral rolls throughout the oolony. Mr. Stirling moved for a more perfect and inexpensive electoral roll, but as the Chief Secretary is anxious to receive a report, which has been oalled for, from the Government Printer in connection with this and other matters, progress was reported. The second reading of the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Bill was moved by the Chief Secretary, who explained its provisions at some length. Answering an interjeotion about the recent Parliamentary sweep, Mr. Gordon led members to infer that a sweep might be conducted in rooms at Parliament House, set apart for the nse of private members just the same as in one's own private houBe or olub, but it was illegal to raise a sweep in a public place. The Hon. E. Ward obtained the adjournment of.the debate, and then invited the representative of the Government to consent to adjourn the sitting. Members smiled when he gave as his reason that the international oricket match, in which they were all interested, was going on. His honourable friend, Mr. Darling, who sat on bis left, h«d a son the -hero of the oocasion. The Chief Seoretary, however, oould not be prevailed upon to release bis colleagues so soon—it was then near half- \- past 5—and so the Counoii took up the Federal Uonnoil Bill and carried it through Committee. Mr. Ward vainly sought to excise clause 3, with the view of allowing the people to eleot the representatives to the Hobart Assembly, and also unsuccessfully endeavoured to limit the expenses of the delegates to £100. *'A sufficiently reasonable allowance for a summer pienic," he added. The third reading of the BUI was fixed for to-day. After the holiday the Assembly met in a ~ good temper. The Premier parried a question from Mr. Price as to the illegal supply of "liquor to Patman at Orroroo, and informed Mr. McDonald that any sharehalder oould apply to the Court for leave to inspeot the jjapers of the Federal Bank liquidation oase. -flThe Commissioner of Crown Lands asked the House to approve of the purchase of land near Brampton Park for homestead blocks, which, after a short discussion, was carried. - Ail attempt to get speedily into Committee "to consider the Credit Foncier system was thwarted by Mr. Solomon in a vigorous protest and by Mr. Grainger in a two hours' speech. Mr. Catt enquired if Mr. Solomon desired the distressed farmers to turn to his countrymen. Mr. Solomon treated the remark as ungentlsmanly and deserving of contempt. Mr. Grainger chaffed the versatile Treasurer, schoolmaster, and journalist on his financial qualifications. " He was the editor of the wretohediest rag I ever saw." Mr. Archibald interposed, and Mr. Grainger bantered him . about his pet phrase—eoonomio law. Mr. Wood fired a random shot, and Mr. Grainger made fun of Mr. Wood's air of superiority, presuming that Gladstone and Gosohen might mck knowledge from hisspeeohes. Mr. Grain get delivered an address he had prepared on Mr. Gatt'a motion. He extolled the Credit Fonoier system, but its weakness as a State institution was the nearly impossible condition of freedom from politioal control. The Railway Commissioners proved that. An hon. member pestered by applioants had secured billets for a large number of constituents on the railways. The Managers of a Credit Fonoier should be as independent as Judges ought to be; the final phrase was emphasized. A Minister could easily get a relative appointed ; he referred the appointment to a colleague, who returned toe oompliment when occasion arose. Waxing warm, Mr. Grainger conoluded at 5.15 that on a delioate scheme like that members might easily go wroBg, and the penalty of a financial crisis ultimately fell upon the working olasses. Mr. Caldwell oonsidered that finanoial reform should have taken place long ago. In a good speech Mr. Homburg, regarding the question as above party, desired the principles disoussed before the Bill was introduced, for once the Government oommitted itself to a measure it felt bound to support it. The matter had never been disoussed before the eleotors. It ought at least to be referred to a Committee for enquiry. He echoed Mr. Grainger's warning of the difficulty of plaoing a State intitution outside politioal control. The Savings Bank Board was not sufficiently beyond political control for a State Bank. He objected to Savings Bank balances being mopped up for Credit Foncier loans, as it ' would throw a large class of lenders on a difficult market, and prevent depositors receiving money at call. If those balances were absorbed into general revenue it would be a fraud. He would prefer a first-olass mortgage at a low rate of interest to South Australian 3J per aent. bonds of twenty years' date. Mr. Homburg, who had been speaking an hour, had not finished when the Home rose tor tea. On resuming Dr. Robertson, of Sydney, had a seat in the Members' Gallery. Mr. Homburg thought that it would be sufficient to axtend the powers of the Savings Bank so as to meet demands for loans with a scale of repayments. At 8 o'clock Mi. McPherson chided the Treasurer for again trying to slip into Committee without giving information. He would not support the Bill unless it were a State Bank Bill. The Treasurer defended the precedent of taking the motion to go into Committee as formal The final copy of the Bill had only been received sinoe the debate opened. Mr. Homburg—Then you ought not to have moved she resolution. At seven minutes past 8 the House went into Committee, and the Treasurer explained the proposal, which was to give Government oontrol over the Savings Bank and guarantee the funds, to raise money by mortgage bonds and issue State notes, and to advano* money to farmers and others upon Credit Fonoier terms. Mr. Gilbert was surprised at the introduction at that stage of so radical a uolioy. It was the trail of the serpent of socialism. Mr. Arohibald — That's your trouble. Mr. Grainger offered stivnuous opposition to the absorp ion of the Savings Bank. The resolution was carried, and the Bill introduced, which will be found described in this day's Renitier. The Sato of Fertilisers Bill was advanced a stage, and the Lake Bonney Settlement Bill .read a third time. At quarter to 9 the revision of the Estimates was continued. Di«oussion took place on the Government Printing-office. What year did it not? Mr. Soherk oomplained that a number of trained girls were being mplaoed by younger and oheaper ones. Mr. Caldwell hoped Mr. Soherk was misinformed. The Treasurer promised to enquire into the faots- Of oourse the police were analysed. Mr. Brooker referred to sergeants, whioh touched Mr. Kingston upon a soft spot. Mr. McPherson—He has not worn the uniform for months. An hon. member—He cannot get into it now. Mr. Handyside—We must call it in. Mr. Brooker thought that the constables who did a bit of broking on the Exchange were well paid. Mr. Handyside —They are there to find the rogues. Mr. Arohibald—A good plaoe, too. Mr. McPherson wanted a Royal Commission appointed. The force was a seething mass of dieoontent. He declined to give details and so implioate men. _ Superior offioers were getting an increase in salary by an additional allowance for uniforms. By letting men live outside city boundaries the Commissioner signalled out his favourites. The Premier— That is done by the Minister in charge. Mr. McPherson—The handsome salaried Inspectors oould be retrenched by one-half. The Commissioner had too much power in apportioning the vote. The Premier—Tittle-tattle. Mr. McPherson—The tittle-tattle is on the other Bide. The Com aiissioner cent to my own premises to Bee that no constables gave me information. The police had ground to ooruplam of the administration of the Police Fund. The Treasurer refused an enquiry into charges which were mere geueralties. The Government would protect any complainant. Mr. Brooker—An order has been issued prohibiting polioemen from making complaints to a member of Parliament. Mr. Holder—Quite right. The foroe was economically managed. Any constable who had right to retiring allowance when the Civil Service Aot of 18S1 was passed would receive it plus 4 per cent, per annum interest. Mr. Price wanted it made an offence on the part of any public man seen speaking to a policeman. He also made fun of those who wanted extra protection huch as Government House people, and seriously suggested that where additional officers were demanded they should be paid for by those who utilized their services. Sir John Downer had, after enquiry while Chief Seoretary, discovered that the force was particularly well affected. Some younger men thought that their seniors should either go up or down. As a quasi-military force there must be perfect discipline. To allow oompiaints to outsiders was to put a premium upon disaffection. Mr. Wood said the eause of dissatisfaction was that there were a number of men in the toroe bordering upon seventy years of age, who had made ample provision for the future, and would not make room for the young men. Mr. Foster gave a specifio instance of hardship. At the request of people in a township the Chief Seoretary retained a oertam constable, who thereupon received a latter, marked private, stating that if he communicated again with a member of Parliament he would be dismissed. That was intimidation. At twenty-five minutes to 11 the line was passed. Mr. Foster objected to a forage allowance to the Sheriff in connection with the prisons vote, but was defeated by 22 to 14. Mr. Brooker wanted the vote for Visiting Justices knocked off, but the item was retained by IS to 16. Progress was reported at nine minutes past 11, and the House rose. In the Counoii this afternoon Dr. Magarey will ask for a poll of parents in regard to Scriptural instruction in State schools. The Orders of the Day include the questions of a direot wealth tax, safer leadline, Mr. Wragge's forecasts, coolie labour in the Territory, and the Taxation Bill. There is a long Notice- paper in the Assembly. Mr. Griffiths will seek to remove the restrictions on the sale of malt extract, Mr. Arohibald to oheok commercial gambling, and Mr. Brooker to introduce a Patent BilL The Orders of the Day inolude the questions of abolishing free education, pnblio tenders, leases in the Hundred of Everard, Electoral Qualification Bill, Davie and Wylie's water-bore agreement, limitation of land holdings, and several other matters! which will probably not be reached. Iu the evening the Premier and Chief Store6ary will attend the Mayor's banquet, but the Government business to be taken is, we are informed, Sale of Fertilizers, Pastoral, Women's Franchise, and Mining on Private Property Bills. 