Delusion v. Sober Reason. |[ Br J. L. Burns, M.R.C.V.S., West I Maitland.] Dr. Johnston, in hia Rasselas, has intro duced the character of ail astronomer, which ahows great insight into human nature. He is described aB a man of great learning, fluent conversation, and extensive benevolence. His .grasp of mind is jjreat, Vis memory retentive, and bis power of communicating his ideas peculiarly happy. Hia integrity is mid to f*qual hia great learning, and bis love of mau to equal his integrity. Though devoted to deep research, he is always willing to interrupt hia studies for the sake of doing a bind action, and hia sanotum may at any time be invaded by fchefee who want his friendly counsel. This truly great man, great no less in heart than head, had fixed bis thoughts ao long upon the atars, had ao mastered the science of their motions and influences, their effect upon the weather, tbe'r connection with the aeasoni, and the wherefore of all the laws which they obey, that he imperceptibly elided into the notion that he himself gave those laws and that all , these thinga were done in obedience to his will. Thelawa ao commended themselves to his reason that he could not even think in another groove, and his will so identified itself with what took placa, that what was he wished, and what he wished waa. ' I have poaaeased,' he said, to Imlac ' for several yeara tho regulation of tbe weather and distribution of the seasons. Tbe eun has followed my dictates, and passed from tropic to tropic by my direction. It is at my bidding that the clouds give forth rain, and at my will that the Nile overflows its channel. I have administered this great office' he adds, ' with the niceai justice, and made & most impartial dividend of rain and sun shine to the several nations of tbe earth, so that none have been stinted for the glut of others, and none favoured beyond another.' 'How long,' asked Imlac ' has this office been in your bands ?' ? ' I have been conscious to myself of possessing this power' he replied, ' for five years, but cannot tell how long it lay latent in me without my knowing it. It was about ten yeara ago that my daily observations of the weather led me to consider whether I could not confer greater plenty on the earth if I held the reina of the aeaaona in my own hands. The thought fastened on my mind. I sat days and nights brooding over the idea. It was ever present to me. I longed with an intensity beyond control to poasesB this power, but never imagined I should ever have it. One day, as I was looking on tbe fields withering with heat, I felt my mind moved within me to wish for rain. Tbe fervour of my wish swayed me as I listened, and all my inner man being bent to one focus, my spirit grew bo Btrong that I commanded the rain to fall. The clouds broke, aa I uttered the words, and sent down rain npon the earth. For a time I could not believe my senses. I reasoned against my own conviction. I tried to set aside the logic of facts, but all to no purpose ; what I wished waB done, and nothing haB come to pass from that time to the present which has not been in accordance with my will.' The astronomer then goes on to Bay that be is growing old, and begs Imlac to take up the mantle when it falls ; but with the earnest ness and tenderness of a father for a child, he imploreB Imlac, on no account to attempt any change, assuring him that the present constitution of the universe ia the best posaible and that the leaBt change will be to favour one part of the earth to the injury of some other. \ This admirable satire is full of deep wisdom, and explains the self-deluBion of many a mind in a truly philosophical manner. The astronomer waB no impostor, no hypocrite. He had no wish to deceive. He did not even seek his own glory. There was neither vanity nor self-laudation in him. He was honest, according to bis conviction, and most intensely in earnebt. Deliberate imposture, like premeditated hypocrisy, is very rare in any but tbe most gross and vulgar minds, and very rarely deceives anyone. But self-delusion strength ened into irresistible conviction — masterful, all controlling, the despot of reason, the dic tator of thought and act — ia by no meana an unique occurrence. Who can believe that Mahomet waa a mere hypocrite, — a pretender that knew hie own hollowaess, a man in a mask, laughing in hia sleeve at the success of bis Beeming, and the folly of those who could not see through it ? Can an empty bag, like some of our politicians, long stand upright ? The jackdaw may borrow plumes, but his false tail deceives no one but himself. Mahomet, without doubt believed himself a prophet with a mission to fulfil, as firmly and sincerely as the astronomer in JRasselas believed he was the ruler and law-giver of the seasons. It was this very sincerity which gave him his influence over others. It was because he him self believed that others believed also. It waB because he apoke the words o£ conviction that he carried conviction with them. There is nothing Btrange in this. It is the most natural thing possible. It is ao now, it ever was so, and probably ever will be. There is a chord of sympathy which runa from heart to heart and mind to mind. This is the con tagion of laughter and tearB. I weep because you weep. I laugh to see you lnugh. When \- Hamlet pointed out the cloud to Polonius, it was not merely a courtier's flattery, or the desire of a kind heart to hamour an eccentric \- that made the chamberlain agree with the young prince. ' Do you Bee yonder cloud, that's almost in the shape of a camel ?' asks the prince. ' By the ma8s,' aaya Polonius, 'and 'tis like a camel, indeed.' ' Methinks,' aays Hamlet, 'it is like a weasel.' To this the chamberlain replies : ' It ia backed like a weasel.' ' Or like a whale' adds the prince. 'Very like _a whale,' rejoins the courtier. Seeing with another man's eyeB is so common that it has passed into a proverb. The stronger mind bends the weaker to its own mode- A parent could persuade a child, as Hamlet persuaded Polonius, and tbe child would aBBent, not from politeneaa or fear, but from habit of being ruled. When Lenora de Galigai waa asked by the judge before whom ahe was arraigned by ' what magic she had be witched the queen,' she replied ' By the magic of a strong mind acting on a weaker one.' That is real sorcery — the witchcrat'tof Othello; the spell by which Lady Macbeth held her husband in thrall, and made him the pnppet of her ambition. ' For fools will aee as wise men please.' Let a man think as be may, resolve as he may, if a stronger mind comes across him, his thoughts and resolves can be broken like green reeds, and the eyes of his mind opened to see camels changed into weasels, and weasels into whales, not . because the mind is overborne, but because it 'iB actually converted— the yielding wax baa received a new impression. In order to produce tb's effnot, heart must speak to heart : head cannot speak to heart, it muat be heart to heart. Tbe tears wbicb are to draw tears from otbera muat bo genuine, The laughter which ia to make me laui;h muat not be mockery joy. There ia no contagion in painted disease. Crocodile and hycena's laugh move no sympul^'. The crocjdi'e weeps, if it weeps at all, not from grief, but to deceive; aud tbe bjaoiu laughs, if its hideous noise can be callod laughter, not from joy, but hunger. There is no sympathy or fellow feeling between the tears of deceit and heart sorrow, and none between the hysterical laughter of hunger and tbe divine emotion of joy. Tbe things are strangera to each otbe», and apeak in unknown tongues. There is no persuasion, because there is no sympathy. Thia fellowship in heart and passion is not pecnliar to man. It runs through all the world. It is a sort of gravitation and attrac tion of like to like. If the aun shines on the earth, the earth shines back on the sun. If clouds overhang the earth, the earth reflects the shadow. If one ban cackles because she has laid an egg, half the harem will cackle with ber ; if one dog barks, half tbe neighbourhood will join in chorus, ; if a cock crows, the response ia Bounded right and left, as if an electric wire had communicated the message from fowl houae to fowl-house. The very walla and windows of a church will vibrnte to certain sympathetic notes o£ the organ ; glasses will break in pieces with the same influence, and fine duat range itself iD figures, called nodal points, varying aa tbe Bound which stirs them varies. 'Tis ao in all thinga. It ia a part of the harmony oi nature, and proclaims, aa with a trumpet, that ' all are but parts of one [united] whole.' There can be no doubt that Emanuel Swedenborg was aB honest and conscientious aa you and I may he, perhaps more so ; but be got it into his head that he ' belonged to the Society of Angels, ' and that he ' had free access to both heaven and hell.' He puzz'es us, bowever, not a little by hia positive decla alion that he met with David and St. Paul in the Inferno, but left Louis le Grand and George II. ' practising the 100th Psalm' with the ' white-robed sons of light.' Wo man in bis senses can believe the Swedish doctor to have been a hypocrite and impostor. There is an earnestness about his writings which charms, a visible stamp of conviction, and tbe*e can really be no more doubt that Sivedenborg believed what he said, than that Sir Isaac Newton believed tbia earth to move round the sun, or white light to consist of a pencil of different coloured rays. Not unfre quently thia self-delusion assumes such mastery of the imagination that the eye sees things which are not, and tbe ear bears sounds which never existed, but in the brain. Gregory, Bishop of Neocasarea, in Oappa docia, in whose pretention* Sir Isaac Newton was weak enough to believe, imagined that he had the power of doing miracles, of exorcising devils, and changing the laws of nature at will. He is said to have moved stones simply by Isia faith, to have turned the course of rivers by a word, and to have destroyed or restored life by the same virtue of his mind. At one time he eluded persecution by changing him self into a tree ; at another he converted a whole nation by hocusaing a lake into a moun tain. Not only did he himself believe his own delusion, but what is stranger still, his belief bo operated on others that tbey also believed and bore willing testimony thereto. He was no hypocrite, this Gregory, no impostor, no charlatan. His extraordinary piety, truth fulness, and modesty, his ' humble spirit' and ' apostolic temper' have been lauded from the third century to the nineteenth. Where coald be tound a simpler, humbler, ' holier' character than Joan of Arc, who believed herself inspired — the delegate of heaven to restore the King to bis throne and drive the English out of France? She was no puppet of a party, no pantin that moved as Charles or Dunois pulled the strings ; but a village maiden, like Beattie's ministrel, who had fixed her thoughts so long upon one subject, had so nuraed ber morbid sensibilities and kept them warm, that she lived in dream land, and fancied she heard and aaw what she only thought. These were the airy voices that syllabled to her the strange rule she was to play ; the visions of angelB which appeared to her in bodily forms. She was not mad, nor yet cf sound mind. It was tbe intoxication of excited sensibilities. Her earnestness and full persuasion overmastered the weaker minds of Charles and others. They believed in spite of themselves. We who only read the tale are amazed at their credulity ; but we see not the passion, feel not the real force — the zeal and strong conviction which carry the mind captive at will. We see the painted fire only and know nothing of its burning heat. We read the tale in tbe words of another ; but the eve. the moving muscles, the voice, tbe spirit is j not there, and so it moves no sympathy with ! our spirit, but simply addresses our calm, cold reason, and we cannot make it out. The caput mortmm con excite but small interest, for the life is fled ; the sympathetic chord which bound the living object to living hearts is snapped, and no longer vibrates to create responsive ones in us. Coming to modern times, Edward- Irving believed that spiritual gifts, and even the power of work ing miracles, romaiu in the church, and will do so to the end of time. He believed that miraculous arts of healing, and the gift of tongues had been manifested in the west of Scotland, as well as among the members of his congregation in L radon ; but there was no sham in Edward Irving, no approach to impo sition. John QrasBner, of Bratz, iu the Tyrol, be lieved ^ all diseases to be the result of demoniacal possession, and instead of ad ministering medical remedies, tried exorciam. His success was so striking, that his fame walked abroad, and spread his reputation through all Europe. At length the Bishop of Batisbon sent for him, and it is said that no sooner did he pronounce the word oesset (' be off') than the lame walked, the stone blind received their sight bo that they Louia reaa small print, the sick were restored to health, and those with one foot in the grave leaped up and began to dance. Convulaiona and epilepsy were especially obedient to him. An official registry was kept of hia cures ; a host of books have been published on the subject, and the miracles of Grassner have been testified by huudreds and thousands. Be it remembered that this was not in the dark ages of credulity, but in the reign of George HI. ; not in a corner, but in the most civilized I citieB o£ Europe ; not amongst heathens, bat bafore bishops aud priests, men of science, and men who bad their eyes wide open, nien ready to disbelieve aa well rs by those waiting to be convinced. In all these and similar ceses tbe object in view was most commend able, mercy and goodwill to man and the ' regeneration of Men nature. ' Self bad no pirt or lot in tbe matter. The motive was uniuinpacbable, tbe cause of the miracle pmo'y sufficient. | OE a eim'lay cbarjcter are the delusions of sp'rit- raoping, aee'ng ghosts, table-turr.ing, and holding converse with the buried dead or the devil. It ia not credible that all the men and women who testify to these thinga aa facts — facts which they themselves have seen, and heard, and taken p*rt in,— have leagued together to uphold what they k^ow to be false. Many of them bear a cheracter above suspicion, ' and love the name of honoar more Lhau they fear death. Some are men of rank, others of learning, and some have been trained to the aober truthfulness of mathematical precision. These are the willing witnesses — clear heads, sound judgments, tongues which would scorn a lie, and hearts that know no guile — these they are ready to take their oath that BUCh things are. You say you do not believe them, but you would believe them in everything else — you would believe them in a witness-box, where life and death hung on their word. I, for my own part, could almost aa soon believe the lie than that such clear hononrs are leagued liars — leagued deliberately to palm off mere knaves' trickB, tricks which they know to be false, the legerdemain of charlatans in whom they have no commercial intereat as things worthy of acceptation. (To be]conHnued.) 