\ A Coalbagme Mystery. I I About three years ago, Peter Stein, a hard ly \ headed, practical, frugal German, sold ' * property he possessed in the Wagga district, '? jL; and with his family came to Dubbo, in k|ji search of land. He and his son Jacob, a c'tV man now 28 years of age, took up two f |Kfeas ^,560 acres each on the Coalbaggie. 'pEhe selections are on the South Balladoran | run, and rather isolated. Jacob's selection I is on the southern part of the run, and there ( was, when it was taken up, an old hut upon ? it. In this at first lived the family, cjn t. I sieting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two ? rj adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger childreo. With the family a young man namoil Tlalwv nnrMA tliA T? A «-, uiuu uaiuou x/aijr uauio iuiu iiiw uouiivui *-»? v W, had been reared by the Steins, and was as fy - one of the family. He was muoh attached II to them, and they to him. Jacob deter , if ( mined to build on the site of the hut, while P ' Peter commenced the erection of a com f modious residence on his land about three ^ miles away. The Steins were, however, no % » |( sooner settled down — the fither and family Jy / in their new house and Jacob at hid hut 0 / when they heard at night stiange voices, Wit loud cooeyings, and awful, screamings. ''v-* Thinking that they proceeded from either 1 1 belated travellers or homeward proceeding Beleotors, more merry than sensible, they *!p' ' took little notice of them. These sounds f , were only heard at intervals — a fortnight or ' # ®---%three v^eeks intervening Intween these . occurrences. They, however, took place so ^ y ISgularly— for they were at one time heard i at Jacob Stein's and again at the father's— y' that the idea of Doisy royeterers, making jT, night hideous with their noises, was given up. Aborit eighteen months ago there were § further developments, and according to the I' family, strange manifestations. The fur si niture in Peter Stein's house became as | possessed. It jumped about in all directions, il and on one occasion the orash of crockery if. was something decidedly extraordinary and I] uncanny, Mrs. Stein was baking in the IA I kitchen one day, and after she had her j! dough prepared to be placed in the oven an 1 Invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on Igu, the floor. These things, or akin to them, fp' have kept on from then till now, but 'J§t! with the further development that the Jgi/r person responsible — whether spirit or -J® Heaven or gublin damned— has fre -J||a quently interviewed, and has had con ;j§i versations with the several members of the ?Jl|n family. Evidently the presence is not of J||' ' the regular type, for it does not wait till the WifJ ' witohing hour when grave yards yawn and ghosts troop forth,' but comes along in ItfJ broad, daylight, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a questiou fiom Peter Stein, the invisible vieitor has said that his Sp[ name is George William Herbert, and that his mother, wbo was named Annie, and his jfe' sister, who was called Julia, were burnt to ||f| death on the South Balladoran run, — that iT; his father died in the Cootamundra Hospital & eighteen years 'ago,— that he (the speaker) mj ' had been hit upon the head and left for dead 1 on the road— that he had been sayed, and | had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon & being asked to show himself by the elder Stein, he replied that if he did, those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According S? to the Steins — and all, from the father to the $ youngest child tell the same unvarnished tale | — thq visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff I manly voice and( sometimes as softly as a I woman— indeed it would be difficult to die I tinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs I ? about the place seem to know when it is ^ j coming— although the Steins cannot see it, |p they appear to have that power, for they Dura iimuusiy, ttiiu uuu puriiuuiar nog goes j nearly wild with fear and excitement. About , a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kinds of pranks. It cast tomahawks and knives about with the graoe of an Indian jug I gler, and upset pots, ohairs, and other ! articles of domestio economy. One night, while the family were reciting the Eosary —they are Boman Catholics, and retain the simple devotional habits of the Ehineland — the table round which they knelt was sud denly lifted towards the celling and then al lowed to come down with a heavy thud. So \- annoying have been the manifestations that Daley, the young fellow that came from Wagga with the Stines, has left the place. W Another man named Bowden, employed by I them, has also left, saying if he were given I the seleotion he would not live there. The whole thing is pertainly mysterious, but how eyer the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of the ' family thoroughly believe what he tells, and each from the youngest child to the father of the family, has the same story to tell. Mrs. SteiD, who is an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is convinced as she is of her existance that the plaoe is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's i request, the Very Hey. Father Byrne visited the selection, and, though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he inyestigated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by a power, whioh can act mater, ially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry should take place— j Dispatch. Tne fifth series of wool sales will open in London on September 18, and the sixth series on November 22. The appeal of the leaders of the Ooxey Industrial army against their convlotion on a charge of having violated the statutes of the V Capitol of Washington on May Day has bfion dUtaiaaed, and the three men conoerned 