White Woman Captured. . From a mutilated copy of an old English periodical we extraet the following story: A party recently engaged in a portion of New Guinea was greatly surprised by the appearance of a young white woman, who claimed their protection. Her re markable story may be told in a few words, but it is given with all its details by Mr. John M'Gillivray, the naturalist to the expedition. Her maiden name was Barbara Thomson, and she emigrated from Aberdeen, her native place, with her parents to New South Wales. About four years and a half ago she left Moreton Bay in a small cutter with her husband to pick up some oil from the wreck of a whaler lost on the Bampton Shoal, to which they were to be conducted by. one of the crew, and from thence they were to proceed to Port Essington. A quarrel arose, from the man acting as pilot not being able to find the wreck ; two men were drowned, ano ther was left, like Alexander Selkirk, on an uninhabited island, and the rest made their way to Torres Straits, where during a gale, their ship struck upon a reef on the east of Prince of Wales Island, the two remaining men were lost in attempting to swim to shore through the surf, but Mrs. Morrison was rescued by a party of natives. One of these blacks, named Boroto, took possession of her as his prize. A singular tradition produced a change in her circum stances. It is generally believed through out Australia and the islands of Torres Straits, so far as hitherto known, that the white people are 'the ghosts of the aborigines. Under this impression, Piaquai, the chief of the tribe, fancied he recognised in the stranger along-lost daughter of the name of Gi'om. He at once admitted her to the relationship which he thought had for merly subsisted between them, and she was immediately regarded by his people as one of themselves. From their headquarters being on an island, which all vessels pass ing through Torres Straits from the east ward must approach within two or three miles, she cherished ardent hopes of being rescued from her captivity ; but she had long to suffer the most bitter dis appointment. In each successive .summer she saw twenty, thirty, and even a greater number of vessels proceed on their way, without anchoring in the neighborhood, so as to afford her the slightest opportunity to escape. Last year [18513 she heard of the two vessels of the exploring party, described as a big and a little war canoe being at Cape York — only twenty miles dis tant — by some of the tribe who had visited them and had been well treated; but the natives would not take her over, and even watched her more narrowly than before. On a second visit of the exploring party, which the Cape York people immediately announced by smoke to -their friends the islanders,'' she succeeded in persuading some of them to take her across to the mainland, within a short distance of where the vessels lay. Their motive for so doing was, however, far from disinterested, for they thought that Gi'om had been so well treated that she had no desire to leave them, and that she only wished once more to see and shake hands with the white people, and that she would be sure to obtain some axes, knives, tobacco, and other much-prized articles. On landing she hurried onwards' as quickly as she -was able, fearful lest the blacks should change their minds ; and it was well she did, as a small party of men followed to detain, her, but arrived too late. Three of them were brought on board at her own request, and as they had been instrumental in saving her from the wreck - each one was presented with an axe and other gifts. On being asked by Captain Stanley if she preferred remaining or returning to the island, she was so much agitated as to find difficulty in returning an answer, and expressing her thankfulness at her escape. Mingling scraps of English with Kowrarega language, and then suddenly recollecting that she was not understood, she blushed deeply, and, with downcast eyes, beat her forehead with her hand, as if to assist in collecting her scattered thoughts. At length, after a pause, she was able to say: ' Sir, I am a Christian, and would much rather go back to my own friends.' Wretched and dirty was her appearance when she first sought protection of the party, who were disposed to pass onward without any further notice. But startling was the effect of a few English words : 'I am a white woman. Why do you leave me?' A few leaves were her only covering; her skin, tanned and blistered in the sun, showed the marks of several large burns, which had been received from sleeping too hear the fire %oh cold nights, and she was suffering from ophthal mia, which had previously deprived her of the sight of one eye. But the kind attention of Captain Stanley, who pro vided her with a cabin and a seat at hie table, combined with medical attention, very soon restored her to health ; and in this state her parents in Sydney eventu ally received — after a series of most extraordinary circumstances — their long lost child. 