THE FLOODS OF 1893. THE following poem, by Mr. Alfred Sharp, of Newcastle, was awarded the prize at the late Eisteddfod, for the best descriptive poem on the above subject: Fair was the morn, and fair was the scene With its tintings of amber, and bronze, and green; The well-tilled fields in the valley smiled Up to heaven's blue arch, like a happy child Smiling up to a mother's sweet face That beams down upon it with motherly grace; Bright sunlight, flooding both hill and dale, In golden-glow glory steeped all the fair vale, Showering its splendour everywhere, On mountains and valleys, on fields and in air; While silver "Hunter" flowed gently through The valley, till, blent with the ocean's deep blue. Too fair 'twas to last. The hurrying olouds Came trooping from seaward, like ghosts in their shrouds; Lowering clouds from the western plains Camo hurrying eastward with thunder charged rains; The aerial squadrons, with impaot dread, Met with shudderous crash at the valley's head; The welkin reeled with the awful shook, And the levin-bolts showered on tree and on rock; Lashed by whirlwinds the rain poured down; And the storm-fiend, wearing his lightning flash crown, Urged his cloud-squadrons to fiercer fight, And gleefully laughed at the terrible sight. The myriad streams of the mountain lchains, All swollen and gorged with the fast-falling rains, Rushed down each ravino, each aonnyon, and glen, With earth-shaking roar, like the tramp of armed men; Rushed to the clear-flowing "Hunter's " bed In a turbid mass, hearing on cresated head Eucalypls mighty, and wild wood flowers, Torn roughly away from their deep forest bowers: Convergent meeting, they rushed along In a rolling waiter-wall, terrible, strong, Which bursting in might oni Hunter's vale, Like rushing seas, spread over lowland and dale. O'er smiling farms rushed the awful flood, Leaving them drear wastes of sanddrift and mud; Sweeping houses and oattle away Far out to the billowy ocean's spray; Whirling, swirling, and rushing along, Relentless, remorseless, and oruel, and strong ; A turbid torrent, with earth all red, Off-sweeping the bridges that spanned the bed Of the river, and spreading on either hand . Till like a broad seaon seemed the once smiling land. Slowly receding, it passed away then, Leaving buehind it a heart-breaking seono; Poor sorrowing women, and sad ruined men Gazing on ruins, where once homes had booen. Since then, again smiles the teeoniig plain With broad waving fieolds of the riponing grain ; And the cruel iloodmarks, now out of sight, Ito longer roemind of that terriblo night; The vine-boweored homesteads once more show A bright, smiling face in the summery glow; And sweet Contenutmeont and Peace again Brood o'er valleoy and hill, o'er upland and fone; But the dreadful sights of thoso days of fear Will remain in memory many a year. And when the dark thundoroloud overhead broods, Will upward be sent from trombling souls Full many a prayer to the "Lord of the, Floods," From thie homes where menaidering Huntor rolls; Mnany a prayor that such terriblo days May never again spread such ruil arounid, MIingled with tromulous notes of praise For the teeming blessings that there abound. 