THAT HOUSE IN BL00MSBURY. BY MRS. OLIPHANT. j CHAPTER XIX. (Continued). | As if you couldU'she said, rising again, 1 proud and smiling. "As if any old lawyer's words, as dry as dust, could shake my con viction, or persuade me out of what is a cer tainty. It |« a certainty. Seeing is believ- ing, thtj Very vulgar say. And I have seen him — ujo you think, you could make me be- . ll<Ve after that there Is no one to see?" ! He shook his head and turned away. : "Good morning to you, ma'ain," he nukl. t "I have told you the truth, hut I cannot ; make you believe it, and why should I try? It may be happier for you the other way." j "Happier?" she said with a laugh. "Ay, ! because it's true. Falsehood has been my ; fate toq long — I am liappy because It is ; | true.'' | 5Dss Bethunc sat down again, when her ! victor closed the door behind hint; The ; 'triumph and brightness gradually died out : ol her face. "What are you grcetin' there i for, yon IWo1?"slie said, "and me the happiest woman and the proudest mother! Gilchrist," she cried, suddenly turning round upon the maid, "the woman that Is dead was a weak creature, bound hand and foot all her life. She meant no harm, poor tiling, I will allow, hut she broke one man's life in pieces, and it must have been a poor kind of happiness she gave tho other, with her heart always straying after another man's bairn. And I've done nothing, nothing to injure any mortal. I was true till I could be true no longer, till lie showed uii lie was; and true I have been in spite of that all my life, and en dured and never said a word. Do you think it's possible, possible that yon woman should be rewarded with her child in her arms, and her soul satisfied, and me left desolate, with my very imaginations torn from me, torn out of me, and iny very heart left bleeding, and all my thoughts turned In to lies, like myself, that have been no better than a lie? — turned into lies?" "Oh, mem," cried Gilchrist— "oh, my dear leddy, that has bcotl llidfe to 1110 than a' this world! ts It. tor me to say thai it's no" justice we have to expect, for we de serve nothing; and that tho Lord knows His aln reasons; and that the time wiii.come when we'll get it all back — you your bairn, the Lord bless htm! and me to see ye as happy as the angels, which is all I ever wanted or thought to got either here or otherwise!" Chapter xx. There was nothing more said to Mr. Man- nering on the subject of Mr. Templar's mission, neither did he himself say any thing, either to sanction or prevent his child from carrying out tho strango desire of her mother — her mother! Dora did not accept tho thought. She made a struggle within herself to keep up the fiction that it was not her mother's sister — a relation, something near, yet ever inferior to tho vi sion of a benignant, melancholy being, un known, which a dead mother so often is to an imaginative girl. It pleased her to find, as she said to her self, "no likeness" to t,he suffering and hystorieal woman she had seen In that calm, pensive portmit, which she instantly secured and took posserjsiqn of — the little picture which had lain so long buried wj_th Its face downward in the secret drawer. She gazed at it for an ihour together, and .found nothing— nothing, she declared to herself with Indignant, satisfaction, to re mind her of the other face— flushed, weep ing, middle-aged—' whSch had 'so implored her affection. Had it beep her mother, was it possible that, it should . have required an effort to give that affection? No? Dora at sixteen believed very fully in -the voice of natfcrk It would have been impossible, lie!' 'Heart at oil co would have spoken, sjie would have known by some infallible instinct. She put the picture up in her awn room, and Oiled her heart with the 'luxury, the melancholy, tho sadness, and pleasure of this possession —her mother's portrait, more touching to the imagination than any Oliver image could be. But then 'there began to steal h 'little shadow over Dora's thoughts, she would not give up her determined '.-ehlstance to ' the idea thait this face and the other face, living and dying, whfth she had seen, were one; but when she raited her eyes suddenly to her mother's pVluire, a consciousness would steal over her, an involuntary glance of recognition. What mere likely than that should be a rcsemblanow, faint and far away, between sister and sister? And thou there came to be a gleam of reprutich to Bora in those eyes, ami then the girl began to Teei as if there was an Irreverence, a want 'or feeling, in turning that long recluse aiul covered face to the light of dav, and carrying on all the affairs of. life under it, as if It were a common thing. Finally sho arranged over it a iitt\e fciece of dra pery, a morsel of faded embroidered silk which was amocng hisr treasures, soft and faint in its colore— a vt/d which she could draw in licr moment' 0f thinking and quiet, those moments, which it would not. be irreverent any "iong0r to call a dead mother or an autjei|c presence to hallow and to share. But she said nothing when she was call ed to Miss P.othune's room, and clad in mourning, r ecognlsing with a thrill, halt of horror, >iai 0j pride, the crapo upon her dress wh'lCij proved her right to that now oxaltatirjn among human creatures — that posit.iO'a 0( a mourner which is in its way a stL.-p in lite. Dora did. not ask. whore sl10 was going when she followed Miss Be- Ib'une, also in black from head to foot, to I.ne plain little brougham which had been ordered to do fit and solemn honor to the occasion; the great white' wreath and bas ket of flowers, which tilled up the space, called, no observatiou from her. Tltay drove in silence to the great cemc- tevy, with all its gay flowers and elaborate hRfect of cheerfulness. It was a fine but t'idudy day, warm and solt, yet without sunshine; and Dora had a curious sense of Importance, of meaning, as if she had at tained an advanced stage of being. Al ready an experience had fallen to her share, more than one experience. She had knelt, troubled and awe-stricken, ,by a deathbed; she was now going to stand by a grave. Even where real sorrow exists, this curious sorrowful elation of sentiment is apt to corao into the mind of the very young. Dora was deeply impressed by the circum stances and the position, but it was- im possible that she could fool any real grief. Tears came to her eyes as she dropped the shower of flowers, white and lovely, into the darkness of that last abode. Her face was full of awo and pity, but her breast of that vague, Inexplainable expan sion and growth, as of a creature entered into the larger developments and know ledge of life. There were very few other mourners. Mr. Templar, the lawyer, with his keen but veiled observation of every thing, serious and business-like; tbo doc tor, with ptofcssional gravity and in difference; Miss Bethune, with almost stern seriousness, standing llko a statue in her black dress and with her pale face. Why should any of those spectators care? The woman was far the most moved, thinking- or the likeness and difference of her own fate, of the failure of that life which was now over, and of her own, a deeper failure still, without any fault of hers. And Dora, wondering, developing, her eyes full of ab stract tears, and her mind of awe. Only one mourner stood pale with watch ing and thought beside tbo open grave, his heart aching with loneliness and a pro found natural vacancy and pain. He knew that she had neglected hini, almost wronged him at the last, cut him oft, taking no thought of what was to become of him. lie felt even that in so doing this woman was unfaithful to her trust, and had dono what sho ought not to have done. But all that mattered nothing in face of natural sorrow, natural love. Sho had been a mother to him, and she was gone. . The ear always open to his boyish talk and con- tinence, always reauy to listen, coma near, hint no more; and, always more poignant, his care of her was over, there was nothing more to do for her, none of tho hundred commisslous that used to send him flying, the hundred things that bad to be done. His occupation in life seemed to be over. Ills home, bis natural' place. It had not perhaps over been a natural place, but he had not felt that. She hgd been his mo ther, though no drop of her blood ran in ills veins; and now he was nobody's son, belonging to no family. Tbo other people round looked like ghosts to Harry Gordon. They were part of the strange cutting off. the severance lie al ready felt; none. of them had ahythiqg to do with her, and yet it was he who was pushed out and put aside, as if he 'had nothing to do with her, the only mother he had ever known ! The little, sharp, old lawyer was her representative' now, not he who had been her son. Ho stood languid, in a moment of utter depression, collapse of soul and body, by the grave. When all was ever, and the solemn voice which sounds as no other voice ever does, failing calm through tho still air, bidding earth return to earth, and dust to dusti had ceased, he stood as if unable to compre hend that all was over— no ono to bid lvim come away, no other place to go to, not thinking of moving. His brain was not relieved by tcare, or his mind sot in aeti- j v'ity by anything to do. He stood there : half stupefied, left behind in that condi- ! tion, whero simply to remain as we are j seems tho only tiling possible to us. J Miss Bethunc had placed Dora in the i little brougham, in vigorous fulfilment of her duty to tho child. Mr. Templar and the doctor had both dt-pai .ed, the tuo f other women. Mrs. Brlstowe's maid and ; the nurse who had accompanied her, bad | driven away, and still the young man 1 stood, not paying any attention. Miss ; Bethunc waited for a little by the ear- i riagc door. She did not answer tho ap- j peal of tho coachman, asking if ho was to j drive away; siie said nothing to Dora, j whoso eyes endeavored ill vain to read the j changes ill her friend's face; but, after ! standing there for a few minutes quite ; silent, suddenly turned and went back to , tho cemetery. It was strange to her to hesitate in anything sho did. and from the . moment she left the carriage door all tin- ; certainty was over. She went back with a quick Step, treading her way among the | graves, and put her hand upon young j Gordon's arm. " You are coming home with me," sue S11Tlie new, keen voice, irregular and full of life, so unlike the measured tones to which ho bad been listening, struck t.ho young man uneasily in the midst of his melancholy reverie, which was half trance, half exhaustion. Ho moved a step away, ns It to shako off the interruption, scarcely conscioUu what, and not at all who, it was. "My dear young matt, you must come home with me," she said again. He looked at her, with consciousness re awakening, and attempted to smile, with his natural ready response to every kind ness, " It ;s you," lie said, and then, " I might, have known it could only be you." What did that mean ? Nothing at all. Merely his sense that tho ono person who had spoken kindly to him. looked tenderly at him (though he had never known why, and had been both amused and embar rassed by consciousness), was tbo most likely among all the strangers by whom l e was surrounded to be itind to hini now. But it produced an effect upon Miss Be thunc which was far beyond any meaning it bore. , . , A great llgbt seemed suddenly to blaze over her face, her eyes, which had been so veiled and stern, awoke; every line of a face which could be barsh and almost rigid in repose began to molt and soften; her composure, which had been almost so lemn, failed, her Up began to quiver, tears came dropping upon his arm, winch slio suddenly clasped with both her bands, clinging to it. "You say right," she cried, "my dear, my dear!— more right than all the reasons, it is you and nature that makes everything clear. You are just coming home with me." "I doll't seem," he said, to know what the word means." , "But you will soon learn again. God thfl SPOd woman that cherished you au'd loVCti yell, my hounie boy. I'll no say a word against her- oh no no! God s blessing upon her where she lies theie. I will never grudge a good word jou say of her, never a regret. But now, she put her arm within his with a proud and ten der movement, which so lar penetrated his languor as to revive the bewlideiment which he had felt bcfore-"now you are coming borne with nic. He did not resist; ho allowed himself to bo led to the little carriage and packed in to it which was not quite an easy thing to do. On another occasion he would have laughed and protested, but on this he mitted gravely to whatever w- ,.i him. thankful, in D' retltill-oil of in have so' — « >f till ffiotivo, hip" toil \iiffi what to do, Iff h fin as it fie were an automaton. "P Up 6n the little front w.-A, With D<Sf.Vft Wondering countenance oppo site te him. and that other inexplicable face inspired and lightened up with ten derness. He had uot R,t.reV!Kth enough to inquire why this took possession o£ him so, neither could Dora tell, who sat oppo site, te him, bertboughts awakened, J5<ir .aunci. busy. This was the almost "mn of the woman who they said was Dora's mo ther. What was he Iq DqVd Was he the nearer to her or th.faYiher from her for that ToIationri)1f>? Did she like him bet tor tiV worye for having done everything it .mv;bt, they said, never been her 'patf- to do? These questions were all confused in Dora's mind, but they were not favor able to this new interloper into her life- lie who ha«l known about her for years, while she had never heard of him. She sat very upright, reluctant to make room for him. yet scrupulously doing so, and a little indignant that lie should thus he brought In to interfere with her own claim to the fir&t; place. The drive to Bloomsbury seemed very long in those circumstances, and it was a long drive. They ail came hack into the streets after the long suburban road with a souse almost of relief in tho growing noise, the rattio of the causeway and the sound 'of the carls and carriages, which hlade it unnecessary, as it had been im possible for them to say anything to each other, and brought back the affairs of com mon life to dispel the influence of so diffe rent a kind which had filled the brain and imagination, if only in one ease the heart, o£ tho solemn little party. When they had reached Miss Bethune's rooms, and returned altogether to exist ence, and the sight of a table spread for a meal, It was a shock, but not ail ungrate ful one. Miss Bethunc for once threw off the gravity which had wrapped her like a cloak, when she put away her black bonnet. She bade Gilchrist hurry to have the luncheon brought up. " These two . young creatures have eaten nothing. I am : sure, this day. Probably they think tliey ! cannot, but when food is set hefore tbcm : they will learn better. Haste ye, Gilchrist, to have it served up. No, Dora, you will stay with me too. Your father is a troubled man this day. Yo will uot go in upon him with that cloud about ye, not till ye are refreshed and rested, and have got your color and your natural look back. And you. ray bonnie man ! " She could not refrain from touching, caressing hw shoulder as she passed him; her eyes kept i filling with tears as she looked at him. He, for his part, moved, and took his place as she told him, still in a dream, (To he continued.) 