A. Racing Libel Action. In anticipation of the cross-exumiation of tho plaintiff in the libel notion of James Hayes against the Australasia-*, the Second Civil Court was crowded on Wednesday, (tho/Jsays) and many hundreds of spec* tators wore uuablo to gain admiBsion. During the first part of the day Mr Duffy, the plaintiff's leading counsel, was too un well to attend, and Mr. Leon continued the examination of the plaintiff. He denied having intentionally run another horse out of a race, and of having run a jockey on to the rails. As to the assaults, he said lie struck one man after having been provoked, but it was not with a loaded «hip He admitted having strttck an old man named Palmer, and said he did it because he bumped up against him when ho was giving up Iiia railway ticket. Ho was sorry after wards, and paid £16 10s. He denied having been the associate of low fighting men, but said he was constantly being accosted in Bourke»street for "tips" from unknown people. When ' Mr. Purves rose to cross- exomine the wit ness the spectators rustled in their scats and manifested a sudden and lively interest, in tlio proceedings, which had got rather tame. The cross*cxamination was conducted, in Mr. Purves'a usual vigorous, and unspat;v ing style, and for over four hours the witness was subjected to keen and searching questioning. Mr. Purves was by no means gentle with tho witness, nor complimentary in his mode of address. Counsel also set tho witness a little sum in arithmetic to do with a view to testing his education, and ho failed to divide 600t) by three, sayiug he, had forgot ton the lessons of his youth. Tho plaintiff's mural character was subjected to a very searching investigation. Beyond this Mr. Purves's questions were nob very successful in shaking the witness's evidcncc, and tiio learned counsel wm not a little disconcerted at the plaintiffs lapses of memory when important matters were concerned. Contrary to expectation, Mr. Purves did not (tho /Jflesays) resume his cross- examiua tion of the plaintiff on Thursday in the case of James Hayes v. the Aitalraiaaian. lb was expected that there would be a further display of forensic hard hitting, but the learned Queen's counsel was nob in atten dance, and his junior announced that the cross-examination had closed, much to the apparenb disappointment of the crowded court. Mr. Leon put a few questions to the plaintiff in re-examination, to give him an opportunity of repudiating the sugges | tion of the dcfence that ho was connected with an outrage on an old man at Windsor. I Then the plaintiff's father went into the box j to bear testimony to tho general good be. ; havior of his son. He remarked that he had never heard a complaiut against his char* acter as a jockey until his certificate was refused Ho gave his version of several of the races in which it was alleged the plaintiff had ridden unfairly, and from which the conclusion was to be drawn that his riding vtas perfectly honest in cach race. He also denied that his son habitually associated With low fighting men and blackguards. He ohly knew two of those mentioned, and one of them, agentlemanglorying in the allitera tive name of "Billy Buck," he said he had seen talking to Mr. Purves. As soon as the . plaintiff and his father had quitted the box a whole string of owners, trainers, jockeys, and betting men were put forward in support of the plaintiff's case. Each witness gave his account of a particular race or races, as the caso might bd, and all agreed in the one particular that, Hayes rode fairly in each instance, and did ndt purposely interefere with other horses or' prevent his own from winning. The defence had laid considerable stress on tho. allegation that Hayes held Baltic back in two races at Epsom and Moonee Valley; but no fewer than five witnesses yester day testified to the fact that Baltic had not a ghost of a chance on either occasion, and as a matter of fact had neVer yet won a race. The purpose of counsel in cross-examining these witnesses scorned to bo to discredit their evidence by rovealing any littte transgression that might ha>>e occurred in their careers. In one. instance Mr. Purves was suggesing that jd witness had been guilty of one or two shady thhigs. In reexamination Mr. Duffy asktjd him if he had ever committed a burglary at Mr! Purves* house. " No," replied the wit-, ness, seizing tho opportunity for a thrust at sne learnoa queen's Uounsei, "buo x !.«•«; seen him in my back yard, I think." At this the court and Mr. Purves - laughed heartfly, and shortly afterwards adjourned till the following day, when further pvidonco will be given for the plaintiff. 