North-east and t Suh. NOTES ON LOC4L AND GENERAL AFFAI?. . (By WINVow) TnE suggestion put forward in the leading columns of the CoUcIelt last wek, 'that a Progress Committce 'e formed in Broadford, is one '.w hicli deserves the consideration and support of all of us. '"'Tho main object of" a Progress Commnittee" (or assocat'ioa with a working committtee as its hbead? I take it, would be to unceasingly brintg this town and district before the attention of "our' fellow colonists. Broadford, as has been often pointed out, is gifted in many ways. First and foremost we have a never failing streamo of water, unequalled' in' Australia for the establishomuent of industries. ThBre is no reason why one, if not two more industries could be established 'in our inidst, on the banks of the' unday Creek. For brewing and aerated water manufacturing, I know the water of the' Sunday Creek to be everything that can be desired. I have facts concerning this, which I will lay before any 'Progress Ooinrmittee or association which may be formed, and I need not say that for anything pro. gressive, "Winnow" will aid and help hi' every way. Desultory meetitga no aslid thep arp all very well,' but a cdmmittee of sensible,' and practical men, is ever so much better. Besides having for its chief object the bring ing of Broadford into prominence, thes following things could also be arrived at. 1-The iipprpoemint of the recreation reserve. 2-The erection of publih batse, necessary for 'obvious reasons. 3-An annual race meeting.' 4---A small (at first) Agricultural show, and 5, and last but not least, an annual juvenile exhibition of needle: work. farm produce, botanical collec tions, schoolwork, drawing, music, etc: Tihe idea is such' a good' dne and' similar associations have done so much good in other places, that practical steps should be taken to make a start at once, by having a meeting to discusi the proposal. "Parliament is opened and tile V.R.C. Spring mbeting is upon us, sa we may expect sotiething to read and' to k about until' Christmrs. Joining Parliament and the races in one sentence, brings ime to the 'considera. tion of the fact 'that there will be spent thousands of pounds at the racing cariri vat, and the charities will not benefit one penny. I suppose the races cause £30,000 at least to change hlands even' in these dull times,'for it is a notable fact that the Victorian public will' have "its amustmrent, although the Ibutcher and baker go unpaidl. The' Romans used to cry out " Bread and' I our gamnes" Just as P. . y. Toros,' i, Bread and the' Bulls," was the cry in' Spain, as Longfellow says in the' RSnnibh Student." Why once 'more I ask saould we' not navel a.... ment tax-earmarked for the hospitals &c.-especially; upon admission tickets' to the V.R.C. and other race meet.. ings I Unlike other' taxation it' could be easily collected and nobody' would feel it. I hope in the Budget debate which will shortly come on,' some allusion 'will'be miade to this. I see by the newspapers that at a banquet given to a defeated South' Melbourne candidate the Minister of. Lanids contributed to the conviviality afterwards by singing a song. Now this gives me a good idea to lighten' the monotony of political dinners and' debates. Let some of the speakers put' their orations into verse, and those' wiho can, sing them. We remember' old John Whiteman gave a speech on the Land Bill in the' House, ill int verse, but then he was a colonial poet,' and we' expect from colonial poets, that verse will burst forth at all times and on the 'slihtest provocation. For those public men who are not' poets,' some s.,rngs already written would suffice. '"ot instance instead of having speeches'in the course of a banquet, after, there could be the following hxOGRAMas. " HopE told a flatterihg tale "-His Excellency. ( Down went lrcGinty "-J. B. Patterson. " lan the Life Boat "-George: Turner. "Oh Jerusalem I -I. A. Isaacs, (with accompaniment on the white waistcoat by' E. L. Zox.' ' "E don't know where 'e are "-G. D. Carter. ' "Beautiful Star "-R. L. J Ellery. "I'll ask' my 'Mother, and I'll 'let you know' "-Wragge 'Governnrent 'Weathers Prophet (Q):' " "" 0 t wert thou in the cauld blast" Sn'L..ghln, ?.kser a1d Richardson. "The ' man that' shtruck Purves - O'(,ara. " Of 'Willie brewed a peck o maut "-W. IrMcCracken. ' ' ' Pull I Poll tp-gether Boys "-The Coin pany. ' ' " '' " :'" Where the Bee sucks "--D. Gillies. "Speak to' mrb Speak "-The Hon the Speaker. ' ' " The same old game "-T. Bent The operming of tlie Free library in the day tims has been '"follpwed as L' expR-cted, with a gratifying increase in the number of subscrlbers ~ind many teaders daily take 'advantage of it. Still there is plenty of room 'for more to join and the'iubiscription is' a mere trifle. It may also be pdssibl for the coimitteo to buy somie more magazines which \iould add grbatly'toth's popu larity of the Insthatio.ul 'The Review of Reviews is' taken,"and the 'E'glishi 'Illustrated; The ' Century, .Iarter's Monthly, and the Strauhnd might be added (at the dcost iif fs. per imonth).' It would be as well' also to get" the Australasian, Leader,' and Weekly Times, and that magazines over a month old could be lent out, for often a man tired after a long day's work,' often Irefers one of them to a long book, which is thron more a task than a pleasure' ts get through. Tihe Nineteenooth Outury aoa thie OJntem. porary Review-for those who are of the practical sort, might also be pI!aced on the table, but those before mentioned would do very well for a start. I hope to see a iuucuh larger' increase in theo number of ulibscribers. It seems very' unpleasantly clear that the child in 'the'iardella Villagei Settldient, did die because its mother could ?iot be properly fed'"throuh the delays in the Village Settlement Branch of the Lands Department in sending money. Of course the officials ,deny it, but it is admitted, we are' told, that delays may have taken place in the' payment of 'money to ' village settlers." " This is a candid and open confession in .part. How many children and men and women have gone to bed dinnerlois or supperless ;through these dela'yp tbat may have taken place. I sho?ld like' to ask I nBt what iatter[isit ? Routitie nust be observed.' "Red tape must have its saway. What matters it if mhii cursee their fai?e""and women weep, and 'childred cry for hunger, if the' letters are indexed, copied, made synopses 'of, passed from one hand and' roqti i9 nanother, and the 'business they are in generally delayed by officials, for whom the country provides meals daily for very little work ? 'Let' me quote Ithe eloquent Elizabeth Barrett Brown. ing fora while. Do you hear the children weeping, 0 m- y brothers, 'Ere the sorrow comes with years ? They are leaning their young' heads on their mothers, Anid'tat cailnot stop their tears. .The young, young children 0 my brothers, They are weeping bitterly I They are weeping in the playtime of the ' others, In the country of the free. I do not kno, v that if I ever told you'tbat once iii Lancashire a ti'an was hanged' for murdering his wife, simply because she gave the milk to the baby which he had brought home for the .bull 'pup. Some of these Government officials, I think, must have come from 'Lancashire. I' make our worthy and popular teacher Mr. Whitehead, a' present of the following sum in proportion for his best boy in arithmetic, in honor of the socceosful State 'school picnic. "If a cow gives 20 quarts of milk daily for six months, what will she give in the next two months?" ' Answer-" She'll give up.-the ghost,.' 