SCHOOL SPEECH-DAYS. ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S COLLEGE. The annual speech-day of St. Francis Xavier's College, Kew, was held yesterday at the school. A large number of visitors, the majority of whom were ladies, assembled in the large hall of the school in the afternoon, and His Grace Archbishop Carr presided. Among those who were present were the Rev. T. P. Brown, rector of the college ; Mr J. G. Duffy, the Postmaster-General ; Sir Frederick McCoy, Monsignor O'Hea, Rev. Rector of Riverview College, New South Wales ; the Rev. Father O'Connor, and the Kevflather Kennedy. The Rev G Kelly, W. Power, P. Power, W II Pidcock, J. O Connor, J. Roney, M Dooley, J. G Nowlan, D Connoll, M Hartnell, C. Hartnell, and J. Crowe, members of the resident teaching staff, were also present, as were Senhor Loueiro, Signor Steffani, Signor Zelman, Signor Fittipaldi, and Mr Iverson, members of the visiting stall The Rev W Power acte el ns conductor of the orchestrs, which pertormed selections during the nlternoon, inil three scenes lrom "Hamlet" were rendered bj the bojs m a manner which did credit nlike to Hiern and to their ttoehus Master Harold Kirby sus tuned the part of llnmlet most creditably, Master Paul Dennehy made an efficient Francisco cisco, anil Masters Basil Dynon and William Mason played Horatio and Marcellus respectively. Master N Greig was siiflieitntly sepulchral as tho Ghost The grim humour of the lurst Gravediggcrwns well brought out by Muster John Redden, and Master Wallace Cates plajeel up to him well One of the main features of the pro^ gramme vv as tin rende ring of the "Av e Muna," lrom "Cuallena Kustieana, ' bj a violin quartette directed by Signor Stcllnni and accompanied on the piano by Signor Zelman and on the orenn by the Kev 1 ather Pidcoek Messrs L Holzer and W Lambie played a 1 violin dm t by Dunelm, and Master W Wil bums sang "Pierrot" in a pleasing manner. Masteis W. Malone, W. Johnson, and J O'Brien also contributed to the programme, upon the conclusion ot which Archbishop Carr distributed the prizes won during Hu previous half y car. At the termination of this ceremony Archbishop Cum delivered a short speech, in the couise of which lie observed that education to he complete must attend to the moral and spirit» ii wants us well as to the physical and intellectual wants. It was btcause the eelucitiou which was supplied at the college filled all these needs that it was so henetieial and so highl) prized bj Catholic parents He had seen it stated in some newspaper recently that in the course of education a hoy might be given " on artibcial conscience " llecouldnotsiiyvvhetherthiswas intended as n compliment or not, but it was better to have on "artificial conscience than none at all, a conscience winch would reveal to the man in after life the dangers to which he was exposed The element of religion in education was the lightning rod which secured the safety of the building when Hie thunderstorms burst ov er it. The more he saw of the world and ot the circum- stances ot this land of Australia the more was it borne in upon lum that if bo}s were not educated religiously at school and college, it would be almost better for them not to be educated at all, for they received only a truncated education. Mr. J G Duffy, M LA, Sir Frederick M'Coy, and the Kev. T. P. Brown having also spoken, the assemblage broke up. The lollowmg ia tho prize hat. MATiucutATiosCciss - Classical Course.-1 Aorgro gate merit. James L) nch (dux of school). 2 Chris tian dottrlnc, William bvvconc) (winner of special priro for religious knowledge-higher schools) 3 Auticnt classics (Greek and Latin), Ernest Prjtz (winner of special prize tor classics, mattie, class) 4 Mathematical group (gcomctrj, algebra, nnd nrlthnictlo), Maurico rowor(vvinntrol special prize for mathematics, matrio class) 6. Ln.liah croup (Lnaüsh and histor} )-honour class, Jeremiah Malone} , pass class, Wilfred il)an G. brenoh Honour class, Wilfred It)an, pass class. Michael Muruh) 7 Physics. Maurico Power 8 Lngiiali Lssa\ -(o) Honour Class-Laster-"I hold this world butas the worie!, Gratiano, a siae;e where every man niustplnva part '("Merchant of Venice"), Lrnest 1'rytz Midwinter-"Theworld Is still deceived with ornament" ("Merchant of Venlco "), James L}nch (6) Pass Class-I aster-"All that glitters is not gold" ("Merchant of Venico";, John Dwyer Mid winter-"Order is licavons first law " (Pope), John Dw}cr SinMATmcuiAiiov CLAHI - 1 Aggreg-to merit, JohnUavlcs 2 Christian doctrine, beancisO Leefe J Ancient classics (Greek and Latin), James Doherty 4 Mathematical group (g-cometr}, algebra, and arithmetic), l'atntk Marron 5 English group (Lnglish and histor}), John Davies. 0 Ircnch i rautls 0 Keelo 7 I'll) tics, Patrick Marron 8 Geography, John Davies V !u¿hsli t-tesa)-taster "It is almost tile dcdnltion of a gentleman tosa) ho is one who never inlhcts pam ' (Cnrelmal New man), William Malone Midwinter-"My favountocharacter in Lnglish history," John Davies M.vriucts ATIOX GCAFS (Modern Course).- 1 Acere (rate mcilt, Thomas bltvin 2 Ciirl«han doctrine Thomas Slevin (winner of special pnzo tor rc]iuou9 knowledge, lower sohoolsl J Lnirhsh ttroup(hnphsh and history), Thomas Slevin 4. Mathematical group (gcoinctr), algebra, and inthinctlu), William Man Iran fi Trench, Launnce Greig 0 Geography, Terence Con.an 7 Writing, Victor Prjtz b Pugh-h Lssa)-Easter-" Ilattlo of Wat«loo,' Ernest Stratton, Midwinter-"Irco trade and Iro tcttlon," William Mangan 1 ounTii CLASS -1 Ag-gregatc merit, Tree! M'lvonna 2 Christian merit, .reel I)nell 3 Ancient classics (Greek mid Latin), i-retl Lynch 4 Mathematical g'roup (gcomctr), algobrn, and arithmetic), lrcd M'Kenno. 5 Lnglish group (Lnt'Ilsh am! history), William Williams 0 1 roach, I red M'Kenua 7 Gcog- rapb), AdolphGoller b Wriling, 1 rnest Lloyd ii Lnt'lisli Essai -Laster-" Such is tile patilots boast, vv hero cr we roam his first best country over is at homo" (Goldsmith, "Traveller'), _red Ivnch Midwinter-" Ignoranco of tho future, ' Arthur Doele. Timm CLASS.-1 Aggregate merit, William Cur tain 2 Christian doctrine. William Curtain J Ancient classics (Greek and Latin), William Curtain 4 Mathematical troup (geomotrv, nlg'cbra, and onth mctic), W illiam Curtain 6 1 ng-Iisb croup (Lnt'lish and history), William Curtain G Ircnch, Willi eui Curtain 7 Geography, leslie Kig'iiev 8 Writlinr, Leslie Itlgney I) Lnelish hssay- lester-"The execution of Mary, Queen of Scots," Andrew fjjughnin Midwinter-"Losses of the blind,' William Curtain Christmas-" W orth u akes the man, and want of it tho fcilow, tlic rest Is nil hut leathcrorpruncl!a"(l'ope, ' Lssaj on Man'), William Curtain Sicoxo CCASS-1 Agstcgato merit, Vasco Lou ricro 2. Christian doctrine, Michael Dawson 1 Lntin,^rred Manley 4 Lnglish g'roup, Vn«co Ixmriero 5 French, Vasco I.ouriero 0 Arith metic. Kniest M Kenna 7 Heading, lrcd Staute} 8 Willing-, Michael Dawson li Lnglish cs»av Faster-" A lettor dcsirihing the pleasantcst day of last vacation" Vasco Louriero Midwinter - "A letter describing the coueetry iei the ucithl ourhood cf which vol! live, ' George l'la)nust Christmas " Contrast the pleasures of n vacation si cnt it the scasido w ith those of n v vcation bpent at au lnliiid coeuitry plaoe,' lrcd Stanlov. 1 HIST Gi Ass. - 1. Agtrrtgato ment, llonougli 0 Leary. 2 Christaln doctrine, John berne ¡. Inchsh (granuuar, dictation, ami spelhn.:) Jolin B)rne 4 Aritlimetlo, Dououg-h O Leary 6 Geo rrraphv, bertie l/iuchnnn G heading, lohn II)rue ". Writing, Ilcrlio Loughnan S I ig'hsh c «sa) - 1 aster-" Whieb gamo do you prefer, cricket or football?' John Hvrno Midwinter-"Tell what you know of any Btor) jon havo reae! " Jevhu li)nie Christmas--"Describo n visit to Melbourne,' John B) mc SIKCIAL Faur LIST- Tho Verv Ilev. J 1* Hewart) s Prlns-Higher Schools, Wl'llanv bvvteliey (Malritulation Olas Classical course), lower Schools 1 hollins Slevin (Matriculation Class-Modern course) (li) "The Aritua' I'rire for Dux of School-James 1 v nch (c) Mr M'Giiinlss Prizes -1 Clos.Us, 1 rntst Prvi/ (matriculation class). 2 .Mathematics Mun i ice Power (matriculation class), (el) lnglish I-nes 1 Higher Schools (Mrs Davloss prize) 'Willoh has left the more lasting mark on tho Worlds histor), Gicceo or louie? Lrnest Irytz (honour classx 2 lower Schools (VIrs Crecéis prize) "Commerce,' William Manejan (e) Mu-dc (Piano forte) - 1 Signor / lilian s I rizcs - I vcellcuce I rnn-ds O Keelo und W illiain Malone improvement, William stokes ' si.-nor 1 t i| aldis l'rlzcs-l vee! lence.Williain !ohn"on improvement, lamesDahcrty 3\. Mr. Iverson's Prizes - Excellence, Malachy Norton and John Coffey , improvement, Adolph Guller (I) Music (Mohn)-Signor S ennuis l'ri/cs -1 xcel leuce Louis Hobor, impiove meut, lohn O lîrieu, William Vlalone (tf) Singin"'-Improvement (1st) vvillianv Wilban. , inipinvement (2nd), William Stokes (li) Druvejni' -Scull r lourieros Prize-. 1 vcellcnce, lohn Davies, hnproecincnt Wllhnm lolmson (i) Lloeutiou -I \cellceice Harold Ivirlvv , hnplovtniont, William Ma.on (J) Gymnastics-Mr lol ers l'n/c - i irst division 1 mest 1 r¡tr, icon I ehelsion, James Do'lcrt) , day bcholais, Allied » alsli 