RELATION OP ES1LAQE TO THE DAIRY. (By O. F. Moore, St.Glafr, Michigan, \- TJ.S.A.-) Ono of the most important essentials of success In tho dairy business is food for cows. It is not practicable for tho dairy farmer to raiso nil of tho foods that aro fed to his cows, but tho coaise foods and pnBturo graBscs must bo grown on hid farm. A complete plan will anticipate whnt ho naturally may nxpect at each season of the year, also what may come. Tho successful dairy farmers must havo an abundance of food for evory day in tho year. IIo must plan for tho summor month just tho same as for the winter. There aro still sceptics as to tho vnluo of ensilage, but thny nro usually thoso who have never given it a practical teat, or they havo made a mistake in not making it properly, Tho advantages of ensilago aro that it In ono of tho most economical of foods, one that can be grown nt a profit upon high-priced lands, ?mil that It Is well adapted for feeding at nny season of tho year, which Is uot thu case with any other succulent food. Kor this reason it is now valued more highly by nonie for feeding during summer drouths than for winter. It was remarked by several who fed ensilago during drouth in this country last year, that tho cows did not shrink In their milk a particle; as one mnn snid : — 'My cows did not even know thnt tbero had beon a drouth.' Prof. Cook, of tho Vermont Experiment station, Ims been making Bomo experiments for the past two years In feeding ensilago to cows during tho hot, dry months of summer, and cnxllngc comes out ahead. He says that cows fed on ensilage duilng the summer do as well as thoso on tho finest of spring pasture. There is one thing, however, that must be borno in mind, and that if, the silo must be small for feeding in hot weather, so as to have only a small exposed surface. Ensilago is not a well-balanced ration that is, something cl»o must be fed with it. U is expected that ensilage will yet be made which will contain all that is needed for a perfect food. Experiments are being mado in this direction. The foods that nre being tried for this purpose aro sunflowers and horscbeans. They nre grown separately, then mixed with maize, and all going Into the silo in evenly mixed nnd cqnat propor tions. Two principals of npiritualistic seances arrested in New Zealand for fraud. Their ghost turned out to be a piece of gauze. All the paraphernalia, phosphoriied oil, game, etc, were seiicd. A ' record ' was pot up at tho Enroa (Vic.) rabbit factory last week, the output for six days being 24,000 tins. Allowing an avenge of 1} rabbits per tin, this accounts for 36,000 rabbits. Man named James Love recently arrested near Warmrmbool for being in possession of an nnlicensed still, fined £250, or twelve months imprisonment in default. Fine not paid. Still, vats, spirits, etc, confiscated. 