SUNDAY BEADING. THE ORBED OF THE LEAGUE. As the church beholds that vision ' Of 'her standard of the truth In the moment of transition From the hand of age to youth, She should know the leagues that lend it All the strength at their command Will uphold it and defend it Ag they bear it through the land. We believe in holy living, In a service sweet and clean ; We believe in grander giving Than the church has ever seen j We believe where'er we gather Love will animate the host ; We believe in God the Father, Son and blessed Holy Ghost, We believe the Lord can righten Every wrong of tribe and trade ; We believe his blood can whiten Every stain that sin has made ; We believe the bench for mourners Is the only cure for doubt ; We believe in amen corners, And the rights of saints to shout. We believe in patient sowing With the watering of tears ; We believe the world is growing Better with the growing years ; We believe the Bible story, Every promise and command ; And that Christ shall reign in glory, And His kingdom is at hand. We believe in loving, serving, Every church of Jesus known, And a loyalty unswerving For the church we call our own. ' We believe — where some have faltered, . Asking laws of lighter weight In the Discipline, unaltered, 'And the old collection plate. We believe in consecration, Thorough, definite, entire, In the uttermost salvation, And the pentecostal fire ; In the prayer that is prevailing, ? That will rise up from its knees, All the heights of duty scaling, Marching through opposing seas. As when Israel faced the hating And advancing giant, dumb, ; We believe the world is waiting , . For our coming, and we com . Not with sword of Saul's supplying Shall we evil giants slay, But with Gospel pebbles lying In the brooks beside the way. — Rtv. Alfred J. Hough, in Zion Herald. God says, Give me time and trust, and you shall not wait-in vain. — Cecil. The worlds he maide out of nothing, but man out of himself. — James Mcvrtmeau. The ways and paths of the Lord are men's souls, which must be oleared of the thorns of passion and the stones of sin, and thus made straight- and level for his ap proaoh. — Euttymiu8. If I do what I may in earnest I need not mourn if I work no great work on the earth. To help the growth of a thought that struggles towards the light ; to brush with gentle hand; the earth stain from the white of one snowdrop— suoh be my am bition ! — George Macdonald. 