| TRAVELLED OH CHEEiC. Orlando Eogg3 -wanted to co around the world; and he had nothing on earth to go with but time and cheek. It ha3 been said that time is money, bat for some reason Mr Boggs fonnd it impossible to convert his time into any collateral for bread and meat and steamboat fare and railroad riding und other necessaries incident to living or travelling. lit taking stock of his resources one day, it suddenly occurred to Boggs that Ms cheek might be mors available, and he put himself into a deep thinking trance. Results fol lowed and Orlando Bogg3 went abroad : in fact, he went all round the world ; and yet he left home without the ghost of a penny' The ocean steamsMp OrpheuB was adver tised to sail on Saturday night at 12, o’clock. Captain Findley, one of the joi liest and most sociable of old sea dogs, was the master, and just on time the planks were pulled in and all was made sang on board for the ocean voyage, and no one suspected there was an extra pas senger hanging to the rudder post. The Orpheus was a first-class passenger liner, and she ploughed through the water at s lively rate, having made about 200 miles at breakfast time on Sunday morning. Captain Findley was about the deck taking a sarvey of the weather and looking after things in general before going below to eat, when a commotion at the stern of the vessel attracted his attention. Going aft he found that a man without shoes, hat or coat had just clambered over the rail of the ship and stood there dripping wet. The first mate was there and had asked the stranger who he was and how he came on hoard, and to these questions the dripping man’s reply was merely an inquiry as to where he could find the captain. “ I am the captain, sir,” said that jolly old fellow, all in a maze at the spectacle before him ; “ now who on earth, or rather on water, are you ?” “Glad to see you, captain,” replied the viBitor; “sorry 1 haven’t a card with me, but you have doubtless heard of Orlando Boggs : I am he.” “Well, Mr Boggs,” said theoaptain In Btill greater wonderment at the easy affability of the man, “I am not sure whether I am glad to see you or not; I must con fess, too, that I never heard of you in my life; out with it, man, and tell me who yon are and how yon happen to be on hoard my Bhip ?” ' “ Captain, I am Orlando Boggs, the swimmer. How I happen to be here is simple enough. Last evening I came down to the beach, as is my Usual custom, to take a swim. My Bystem must be out of gear in some way, for when I wasont thirty or forty miles I went to sleep and: evidently kept right * on swimming. It was just daylight when I-; awoke, and, look ing about me, I espied your ship. Know ing my average speed, and judging by the rising sun what time it was, I inwardly roasted myself for going to sleep and getting so far from land without any pre parations or supplies. I began' to feel the gnawings of hunger, and realising that it. would take me several hours to return to the city, I determined to overhaul yon and ask your hospitality for a meal, ana here' I am. That’s all there is to it, captain.” “ Why, confound it man; you don’t mean' to tell me that you—why man, are yon crazy ?” “No, captain, I am not crazy, but I am. very hungry.” “ You swam all the way out here and then overhauled my skip going twenty miles an hour?” stammered the captain: “you did this?” !} “ Why, certainly ; you don’t know my record, captain, or yon wouldn’t be so in oredulons ; that is nothing for me, sir.” “ You come right down to my stateroom, Mr Boggs; you can have anything you want on this ship;’,’ Mr Boggs, for sure enough it was. that same individual with plenty of time and" cheek, was soon fitted out with dry garments and was enjoying a hearty breakfast with the captain. During the meal he related to the captain nnmherless performances in which he had been engaged, and altogether proved decidedly entertaining. His wonderful swimming experiences inte rested the captain hugely. “And now, Captain Findley, allow me to thank you for your kindness and yonr hos pitality,” said Air Boggs, as he finished his coffee; “if you will have the steward tie me up a couple of sandwiches and let me have mv wet clothes I will start back I want to reach home by supper time, at least.” “ Now, see hero, Mr Bogg3, I like you, and as you have intimated once or twice yon have nothing particular on hand jnBt now, 1 want to invite you to stay aboard with me for the round trip; I shall take it as a favor if you will; come now, say yes.” ; Mr Boggs declared he would be de lighted, but called the captain’s attention to. the fact that he had come away from horns without money or luggage^ “How can I, captain,” said he, “with only a pair of pants, a pair of suspenders and a neglige shirt ?” “ Don’t you worry about these things,” replied the captain; “you can have all the. slothes and money you need while you are with me; yon are my gnest as long as you will stay.” And so it was arranged. Cheek had suc ceeded in taking Mr Eoggs across the ocean in first-clasB style •without a cent. It was a jolly trip both i'or Mr Boggs and thgoaptain, and the former made himself very entertain ing to all the passengers; there waa nothing top good for Boggs on the Orpheus. On arrival at Liverpool the captain and hiagueit went ashore for a little change. One of the first things that struck their notice was the advertisements of a great swimming contest to take place that same afternoon. A great champion had challenged the world to swim for a stake of lOOOdol., the^ test being both speed and distance. “Why, here, Boggs,” exclaimed the cap tain, “ this is just inyour line; yon ought to enter this and win that money ; will you, if the entries are npt closed ?” The question for a moment staggered Boggs, but he qnicHy braced up and re plied that he would only be too glad to do so. The captain went to make inquiries and presently" returned, saying he had made all the arrangements and bad put up the money. Boggs told him he would be obliged" to draw on him for a little money to get soma necessaries for the match, and his friend gave him the cash without the least hesitation. Boggs then disappeared, but just about 51 minutes before the time set for the start he showed up. He was a sight. He was dressed in tights and on his shoulders and arms were numberless bundles and packages, among them being a small oil-stove and some utensils for cooking. The captain greeted him warmly. “ All right, Boggs, my boy?” Got every thing you want ?” he asked. “ Tes, I guess so,” replied that cheeky individual. “ Only I don’t know anything about my oppenent, and I am in doubt whether or not I ought to take along another ham and a few dozen eggs.” “ What’s that r” said the champion, com ing up. “ Ham and egg3. You don’t mean, to say you aro going swimming with all that truck on you ? What is it all, any way ?” “ What is it ?” replied Boggs, as if sur prised at the question. “What is it? Why. supplies for the trip, of course.” “ Supplies !" yelled the champion. “Why,, how long do you expeot to be gone r” “That depends entirely on you, sir,” replied Boggs with dignity. “All I have to do to win the money is to swim longer and faster than you do. I only intend to keep just ahead of yon, and if you should keep me out in the ocean for a month or two I don’t wan’t to starve, do I? Where are your supplies, sir r It strikes me it is time tor ns to start. ” “ Say, see' here, mister, is that the way you always swim ; do you mean to sey you '0 out and stay two and three months at a “Certainly,” 83id Boggs, “ tivc or three months are nothing. I swam one match with a native Malay which lasted twenty-cue months. Come on, let us start.” “ Say, mister, I don’t think I want to swim with you; you are out of my class; I give it up and you can have the money ; I am willing to give it up just to have a look at a man rigged out for a three months’ swimming match : you beat me, you. do." Orlando Boggs now had plenty of money for his trip abroad, for the cap tain insisted on his taking the 2G00dols. They went up to London together, and after seeing the English capital Mr Boggs went over to the continent and spent several months in keen enjoyment encircling the globe, seeing all tha sights, and he did it all on hia cheek. ~ Xew Father : “What's the baby crying sorY’ Mother: “Because I told him ha looked like you.” 