A CHRISTMAS SERMON. [By the Rev. David Patok, D.D.] 'Great is the mystery of Godliness. God was manifest in the flesh.'— Timothy, iii., 16. As you are all, no doubt, aware, this is tlie season that is generally chosen for the celebra tion of the birth of Christ. And if any event that has ever happened is worthy to be remem bered this is the one. I say not that it should he greeted with noisy snout or held wit'1 empty show. That would be to degrade it to the level of a common occurrence. It should be written — it should be treasured in our hearts. That it deserves to be remembered thought those who know its wonder and impor tance better than we do. For to crown it with meet honors and hail it with due praise they were not slow to leave for the time the glories of their celestial abode. What did it matter that the human race was ignorant of the boon it was getting, and in fact does not even yet value it sufficiently? They could not hold their peace; they could not curb their joy. By reason of the hopes it raised — of the admira tion and love and worship it awoke in their breasts, they were all affected in the same way and gave vent to their feelings in the well known words, 'Glory to God, &c.;' I would like, then, to take the present opportunity of suggesting to your minds some of the things aud thoughts involved in the incarnation, as it is called—the unique event of God clothing himself with a human nature. It is fit, and I hope it may be profitable' to turn aside for a little and with faith, reverence, and meditation behold afresh this great sight. It -will be necessary for my purpose to say a few words on the creation of all things. In the beginning we read that God made the heavens and the earth. Away back in the history of our world, further than we can go, the things which we see every day began their existence. That is to say, there was a time when there were no suns nor stars, no angels nor men. In the depths of the past eternity God was alone. He had no works to praise Him. He had no creatures to obey Him. We cannot form any clear ideas of an eternity that was unbroken or of an existence that was alone. But I think you -will see what I want to be at. We believe that our race is one of the youngest of God's in tolligent families. We believe that there are other beings older, abler, higher, holier than we. But though we even place ourselves in thought at that point of time when God's £rst works and eldest sons were ushered into being, there would still be a boundless, endless period before that during which God must have both lived and loved. This is the first idea, I wish to convey to your minds — God's solitary grandeur and glory, that goodness and glad ness which He had hi Himself when as yet He had formed none either of His works or of His creatures. He was alone. Besides Him in truth there was none else. His was and ever had been an existence infinitely blessed and beautiful. But as Scripture tells, and as even natural reason suggests, the time came when this silence was to be broken and this solitude dis pelled. All things and all beings were made by the word of His power. He may have done tliese things slowly or in an instant, for time is, so to say, of no moment to Him. With Him a thousand year3 are as one day. 'Veryllikely, too, countless millions of years have elapsed since the first dawn of creation, so that for anything we know God may have both creatures and worlds scattered up and dov.Ti His large dominions which have already existed for a brief eternity. Of course we do not expect to get much information of this sort from the Bible, It was written to tell us not so much about the birth or the angels or the age of the stars as about the perfect character of Him who is before them all, and also about the relation we sustain to Him. It is a book meant to make iis good rather than learned. It does not disparage earthly wisdom, but it professes to teach only the wisdom that is from above. It seeks to win our heart, knowing that thereby it will soon sanctify our intellect. Bui it does tell us that creation was at one time a new tiling. The things that are seen were not made of the things that do ap gar. If we may so say, God broke in upon is everlasting and blissful rest when He brought all things out of the womb of the in visible. God introduced quite a new state of things then when, iu *the ancient time, He called suns and souls into being. We are therefore now ready to ask this_ farther ques tion, for all that I have already said was intended to prepare the way for it — Why did God create at all ? Why did Hanot remain — as He had presumably- for so loner been — alone in His holiness and happiness ? Why should He have broken in upon His glorious privacy ? In His presence therehad always been fulness of joy— at His right hand pleasures for evermore. His cup of bliss was exquisite and infinite. Was there any reason why He should become, as it were, other than He had been ? Was there, in short, any ne-jessity impelling Him to this course of action ? Yes, there was a necessity upon Him — the only necessity which can influence Him — and that was the necessity of love. He could not and would not subsist without creatures to whom He might impart His life and activity His joy_ and peace. A joy unspeakable He had — but it was not, it never could be selfish. He could not lock it up in His own bosom, and therefore did He command into being at succes sive epochs of time all ranks of creatures, from the meanest insect to the highest seraph, that He might make them as happy as their respective capacities would admit of. We say rightly that God is infinitely blessed, but just because He is so He' would — He must give of that blessedness to others. Creation is an object on which He can lavish the wealth of His affection. Taking tliese things into consideration, then we shall be better able to understand the signifi ? cance of the birth of Christ into the world. If it was love (as I have tried to show*that it was) that prompted creation, mucft more surely was it love which was the motive power of redemption. If free grace and boundless condescension and hoty generosity led the M'ost High to create, how much more did He show Himself to be gracious and lowly and generous when He took it upon Him also to redeem. We do not know how all the other races of rational beings wliich God has made and with whom He may have peopled His great universe : we do not know how they have used their gifts and fulfilled their destiny. They may have fallen or they may not. But this* we do know— that we are not as God made us. A principle has entered into our souls contrary to His will and fatal to our peace. Sin _ has — like a false god — risen up and tyrannised over us, and we have wor shipped, loved, served it instead of the living God. I need scarcely say this for you know it — know it all too well. This is it which poisons all the sweetness, sullies all the purity, and degrades all the dignity of our nature. What then ? Having made suffi cient provision at the first for His creatures, shall not God leave them as they have left Him ? Since they have abused His gifts and spumed His. authority, shall He not mete out to them their deserts ? Ah, ,my dear friends, you and I know little about God if we think He will leave any of His moral creatures to perish without first doing everything for them that a wisdom unsearchable, a. love unspeak able, a power almighty can do. God could not have done other than He has done with out smotiiering all the sublimest emo tions of His heart — without doing violence to the deepest instincts of His nature. I do not say that we- deserve any such mercy. We do not. Any one of you who thinks that he has a right to a claim upon God's saving grace has yet to learn what an exceeding evil and bitter thing sin is. More than this, God resisteth— opposeth the proud. While ifc is true that we must be very humble and can never be too' bumble in our own esteem, yet it is and must be as true that God is good and gracious wnether we accept or reject His offers. Sin did not create love in God— it,mprely brought it out— gave ifc new play and field. Such is. the glory of His character that not anything will be left undone that divinity itself can do rather than that any poor sinful race of beiners should be left to'endure all the miserable- conse quences of their guilt. God could easily have left us to reap what we had sown so far as His power was concerned, but so touched was Hi3 heart with our wretched case, so moved with compassion was He, so burdened with sym pathy for our misery that He humbled Him self to be found in 'fashion as a man. The length we have now got in our enquiry then is this — that when God was ronnd in the likeness of man the very same divine principles were brought to light as were at the root of the making of all things. He desired to share His bliss with His creatures, and therefore He not only -made us at the first, but when by sin we sacrificed our peace 'and pleasure, in the fulness of time He sent forth His Son. But then while the spirit in which God made all things was the same as that in which Me became nesu, tne ruiness or penection or the one as a revelation of Himself is not so great as that of the other. The incarnation is some thing diviner even than the creation. Just as the proportion of light supplied by the sun is vastly greater than that which we get from the mooii — though they are both fountains of the same blessing — so is there far more of the true character of 'God disclosed in the humanity of Christ than in ail the wonders of nature. A machine might breed within us some concep tions of the skill of him who made it ; but a brief word' or kindly action — aye, even the mere sight of the maker or designer of it — would giveus more real insightintc the man him self than all its complex and skilful operations. Now we may say_ that the true knowledge of God is attained in a similar way. No doubt it is both interesting and instructive to con sider the works of God. They kindle within us when rightly contemplated great ideas of His power 'and presence, of His wisdom and watchfulness, of His care and_ love. When we have eyes to see all nature is one splendid volume in which we may learn the will and ways of God. We lose much by thinking of it apart from Him. If we were but attentive it ? would read us daily lessons, giving us in its own manner light and hope, and knowledge, and faith, and encouragement. Observe, however, the marked difference be tween nature and grace, or rather between the creation and the incarnation, lhe world is God's world without doubt, so that in it everything sjjeaks of His glory, but it is not God Himself. When you bask in the light of His sun and bathe in the air of His heavens, when you see things beautiful or hear sounds melodious, you are not necessarily brought into con tact with God Himself^ These things and others may suggest Him to your minds, but you never for a moment -suppose that, though they were all gathered into one essence or put in one place — concentrated into a single, focus— they would make up the living God. You feel in your soul that while without Him these tilings could not be, yet He is quite different from them all. Thev are only proofs, effects, exhibitions, indications of His power and wisdom. They are only proofs of His good ness. They are only rays of His glory. They are only hints of His character. They are not the Divine Being Himself. They may speak, they do speak about Him, but they are not God Himself sxjeaking. He is a spirit, and cannot be seen 'with our eyes nor heard with our ears. These are His works, and He is behind, before, beneath, within them all, but He and they are not one. He is above them and before them and independent of them. He could blot them all out of existence as He brought them into it, and He_ would still remain the same great and glorious being as He has ever b&en.; But now think again of the incarnate Son of God. In Him God Himself, the very Divine Being, was manifested in the flesh. We speak of nature and of nature's God. But we may not — rtmst not separate between God and Christ. Christ was God. God was Christ. If I may so speak there was no sacrifice of God's personal dignity in the making of ever so many worlds or^creatures, for in making them He did not lower Himself to their level. He was still above them and distinct from them. He gave them out of His fulness, but kept Himself still in His place, supreme and exalted as of old. But in Christ Jesus He really emptied and humbled Him self. He became — so far at least as the out ward fonn was concerned — He became some thing that He had never before been. In Christ He consented to be one of 'the very creatures which He had made when our race began. It was not that any change could pass upon what divines call His substance or essence. His Spirit and His nature are and must be the same now and for evermore. But then He condescended to take a nature and a place which were not His — which were far beneath His glory and dignity, as indeed the place and nature of every creature must be to Him who is the first and the last — the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. There need be now no groping after God in the dark. Our eyes can see, our hands can handle ot the iword of life. 'God was manifested iutheflesh.' iJThis is a great thought I grant, almost too great for our little minds to grasp ; a good one too, almost too good for om- hearts to embrace. But whether we believe it or understand it, or not, it is true. ' In the beginning was the word and the word was with God, and the word was God, and the word became flesh and dwelt among us.' ' In the fulness of time God sent forth his Son.' ' To us a son is born and his name is called Wonderful, Counsellor, the Mighty God, the Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace.' Is it wonderful that men do sometimes rise up and say that this is too good to be true ? Is it strange tha,t while they admit that he was a holy man, the holiest of men, that truths the deepest were of His speak ing, and acts the noblest of His doing, they should doubt whether He were the verv Son of God ? They have no fault to find with 'His life. It is lovely with the beauties of holiness, rich with the splendors of mercy, great with the glory of goodness, even in their imperfect sight. But they ask how could the Eternal take so much interest in finite creatures like us as to become one of ourselves 1 Will God in very deed dwell with us ? Shall the most high, the sole monarch of the universe, descend aud take up His abode in our world as a poor, forsaken, despised son of man? Ah ! tins is too-*rsat a tax upon owe faith. God help our unbelief ! Now such reasonings as these are very natural. Nay, I appeal to all your conscience's whether you have not yourself at times had thoughtssomething like these ? To think that God should act as if He had nothing else to do but merely to look after us frail and faultv creatures ! The more we reflect the more shall we be struck dumb with wonder at the immense goodness, the infinite condescen sion, the fathomless humility, the matchless grace of God. We do not know what we are about if we regard it with common feelings. Surely it is ground for marvel that God should be so intent on doing us good, that He should take upon Himself our very unworthy nature, and in that nature suffer a whole world of sorrow and agony and shame. We have fre quent occasion to speak of the true manhood of Christ, not because we are so slow to believe it, but so quick to forget ifc. For we can never have the completest confidence in Him unless we are firmly persuaded that He. was tried with our temptations and compassed with our infirmities, that it behoved Him in all things to be made like unto His brethren. The doctrine of His full and sterling humanity is one from which we may derive streams of consolation and strenprth, freshness of hope, and vigor of faith. But it is only one part of the great truth about His person, and that other part is brought before us in the incarnation. Christ Jesus was God in human form — God manifested in the flesh. Think what you mean when you sa.y this, for wo often use such words without grasping their mighty import. Was the man Christ Jesus God's own image— the invisible become visible, the Creator become created, the infinite become finite, God become man ? Then what an intemst and charm hover round the life of Jesus ! Was Christ s helnless infant hanging- at his mothers breast ? Then was God as a little child. Was Christ a common boy, oliedient to his parents .way in the obscure village of Nazareth? Then did God resign His own authority and submit to that of others. Did He, like other children, grow gradually in wisdom and gr.ice as in stature and years? Then did the only perfect one become the im perfect that He fniprht reach His maturity even as we do. Did Christ earn His bread like any day laborer among; its ? Then was God working with His hands, toiling with His body, planning with His brain. Did Christ preach to all who would hear Him ? Then was God speaking by His lipsl Did Christ heal diseased bodies, set broken limbs, restore lost eyesight, unstop deaf ears, quicken the lethargy of palsy, cleanse, the loathsomeness of leprosy, despoil even death of his victims, stop the ravings of idiots and suspend the powers of demons'? I sav, did Christ do all these things ? Then so also did God ! But even this is not all. These are specimens of the things that God did in Christ. It will be necessary also to illustrate what Ke endured. There was a passive in Christ's character as well as an active — a power of bearing as well as of working. Was Christ grieved, for example, when he witnessed the low state of religion among the Jews, the priests proud, the Pharisees hvpoeriticaL the publi cans unjust, the people indifferent ? Then in the same way and at the same time was the great God grieved also. Was He distressed when He saw how dull of apprehension and -how slow of faith and how poor in affection His disciples were? Then was that distress of His the very distress of God, Is it written that in numberless forms Christ bore the contradic tion of tinners again3t Himself, hearing the false reports about Him, seeing the bitter malice with which they thought of Him ? It is true , in this also that God bore it all. Nay more, if ' God was in Christmas Scripture asserts, then the passion and the agony, the crucifixion and the death have a very world of meaning in them. It was God Himself in human nature that the Jews betrayed, that the soldiers seized, that Pilate condemned, that foes abused, that friends forsook. When God visited this world of ours in person, as He did l,S00 years ago, with grace on His lips and love in His heart, the reception He met with from men lika us was ' Away with Him ! Away wifh Him ! Crucify Him ! Crucify Him 1' Yoii will see that I am at present confining niv attention to this one idea, that God was in'Christ not merely as He is in us but as He can only be in the one perfect man— the second Adam — the representative of our race. Christ was not only the revelation of God, out Ke was God Himself revealed. God was not simply pictured, but He was really present in. Chrifit.fi So truly was God identified with the mail Christ .Tesua that what is true of the one. iu, under certain conditions, true of the other. For you will remember that Christ once used these deep words — 'I and my Father arcs one, and he that hath seen Me hath seen the Father.' That this ia the true state of the case will appear from the conduct of the apostles after His ascension. While Christ was with them iu person they did not quite comprehend that the Almighty God Himself looked out of His eyes, spake in His words, breathed in His spirit, lived in His dueds, was glad in His gladness, and sad in Ilia sadness. But when He was glorified and the veil was taken away and the Holy Ghost given, new views possessed tlieir hearts and new visions floated before their minds. So soon as the first period of wonder and doubt, and hope and fear was over they could contain themselves no longer. Their hearts were full. Their tongues , were loosened. Their understandings were enlightened. Far and near they went, to prince and peasant they spoke, and the burden of the story was that God had been among them, living, loving, doing, dying, that they had seen Hun, served Him, heard Him, and that by His orders they were to go about preaching this gospel to every creature. This accounts for the success they met with. They went everywhere with breathing thoughts and burning words. In proof of their story that He was the Son of God they told how He spake as never man spake, loved as never man loved, lived as never man lived, died as never man died. With what power and pathos they would tell of this incident and of that. In listening to them their hearers would almost think that they had heard Christ Himself speaking, and they could not well deny that such words and such works must be those of a God and not of a man. The message then wliich they had to declare is the same for all time and all men. God has been among, us in our world, for our advantage, « not as a guest merely, not merely to take g| notes of our number and condition, not merely & like a good angel hovering for a brief space over our heads, not merely as an ambassador from a foreign and injured monarch. He was more and mightier, because more merciful than all these. God was among us as a father seeking1 Kis prodigal children, as a .shepherd searching for His lost sheep. He did not keep Himself aloof from us : one of our very selves He became in all the lowliness and limitation of humanity. Not the eternity of His being, nor the infinity of Kis nature, nor the_ perfec tion of His character could hinder Him from being- found in fashion as a man; frpin humbling Himself to deatli, and that the death of the cross. It is quite easy toraisea great many objections to this doctrine ; but if we never believe more than we can understand we shall have a poor life of it. The question for you and me is — not how can these things be, but are these things so ? We should rather ask not is God able, but is He willing to do this thing? Being Almighty He has no want of power and oppor tunity- — of ways and means. But has He the will — the heart — so to do? He can do all things, but is He so interested in us as to do them ? Thanks be unto God for His unspeak able gift, because by it we know that He is, as He says, love. We may and ought to have the lowliest thoughts of ourselves. We should disclaim all right to the bounty of God's grace. But woe betide us if we do not rise up to the belief of His good news. It may be hard for us perhaps at the first to give credit to mercy so unbounded, and grace so rich, and goodness so great. But by fixing our mind on Christ Jesus, as God in human form, the power of His love shall seize fast hold of us, and whatever we may think of ourselves we shall be unable to doubt that He is any other than the good and glorious Being the Gospel shows Him to be. We shall get to see that He can do all things that are consistent with absolute wisdom and love, and purity and truth, and righteous ness and peace. We shall be able to say with the apostle, if in wonder yet in faith, great is the mystery of Godliness — God manifest in the flesh. We believe that this is the Christ the Son of the living God. I entreat you to give credit to the great fact we have been considering. I am sure your heart cries out for one like Christ, whether you hearken to it or not, for one who is like you and yet above you. Is there not a deep longing in your soiil for one who is free of all change, full of all tenderness, faitliful in all circumstances ; one whose character you can love and worship and trust — who will' rebuke your sin and yet save you from it ? God m Christ, then, is that one, only Iiigher, better, hoiier, kindlier than we can conceive. That divine man, God, our brother and Saviour, has Himself gone the round of human duty, drained the cup of human sorrow, borne the brunt of human trial, quenched the darts of' human temptation, died the death of human woe. Than this I know no gladder news in all God's book. Receive it aud believe it. He that believeth on the Son of God — believeth in his heart that Christ is as God — hath ever lasting life. 