THE CHURCHES. THE Rev. W. T. Shapley, who ia to succeed the Rev. J. Tiller in the pastorate ? of the. Blende-street Bible Christian: Church, was a few days ago entertained at a farewell meeting at Yankalilla (S.Â ). The gathering was thoroughly representative of the district ; and in the speeches that were made highly complimentary re- ferences were numeróos. Several presentations were made, alike to Mr. and Mrs. Shapley, the latter of whom, it was mentioned, had done excellent class work. The circuit had invited Mr. Shapley to a fourth year there ; but conference determined to send him to'a more extensive field of opera- tions. Mr. Shapley, it-will be remem- bered, recently for a few* weeks re- lieved Mr. Tiller during the latter's illness. ' The Rev. J. Goodwin, ex-President of the Primitive Methodist Con- ference, who is to succeed the Rev. R. J. Baddow at Broken 'Hill, has not yet recovered from his very severe illness. During the last: few weeks, on Sunday evenings, Bishop Dunne has at the Roman Catholic Church read portions of the most recent Encyclical, which deals with the study cf the Scriptures. ' Of special interest at present are the references in the Encyclical to the interpretation of the Bible. "It ia absolutely wrong and forbidden," Pope Leo XIII, writes, "either to narrow inspiration to certain parts i only of Holy Scripture or to admit that the sacred writer has erred. . . . For all the books which the Church receives as sacred and canonical are written wholly and entirely," with all their parts, ac the dictation of the Holy Ghost ; and so far is it from being possible that any error can co-exist with'inspiration, that inspiration not only is essentially incompatible with error, but excludes and rejects it as absolutely and neces- sarily as it is impossible that God j Himself, the Supreme Truth, can utter that which is not true. This is the ancient and unchanging faith of the Church, solemnly defined in the Councils of Florence and of Trent, and ' finally confirmed and more expressly formulated by the Council of the Vatican, in which it was definitely decreed that 'the Books of the Old and New Testament, who'e and entire, with all their, parts, as enumerated in the decree.of the same council (Trent) and in the ancient Latin Vulgate,;are to be.received as sacred _and canonical riot because, haring been composed 'by human industry they were afterwards approved hy her authority, not only because they con- tain revelation without error, but because, haying been written under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, they have-; God for their author.' Hence because the Holy Ghost employed men as His instruments, we cannot there- fore say that it was th-m inspired instruments who perchance; have fallen into error, and ' nob the primary author." This, of course, has reference rather to the alleged conflict between Scripture arid science "The sacred writers,, or to speafc more accurately, the Holy Ghost 'who spoke by them, did not intend to teach men these things (thai is tb say, the essential nature of th« things of the visible universe)-thing! in no way profitable unto salvation (St. Augustine). Hence they, did no seek to penetrate the secrets of nature but rather described and dealt witl them in ' figurative language, or ii terms which were commonly used ai the-time, and which in many instance are in daily use at this day, even.b; the most eminent"men of science." . From Geo. Robertson and Co., th publishers, we " have à reprint of tb address on "The Death of the Verba Theory and the Unveiling of Christ delivered by the Rev. George Minna M. A, B.D., moderator Of the Presbj terian Assembly of New South Wale: copious extracts from which we hav already printed. 