Br ATrA WESTIUBY. CHAPTER I. A full summer moon overhead, casting bars of coft sheen athwart the trees in the public domain, Anuckland, Noew Zealand. On a rustio bench, benoe th the wide spread ing branches of a giant khnri pine, sat a half caste Maori girl, and by her side a tall, hand. some youth, wearing the dairk blue uniform of Caversham's Horse. No Spanish gipsy couldbast a more glorious beauty of face and form' than Kiora Selby. Her mother daughteorof the old Maori chieftain, To Puki, fell in love with and married one Tom Selby, a sergeant in the 6-th Regiment, and with her handcame many broad acres in the most fertile valleys of the Waikato, which the old soldier soon converted'into a good rayable estate. 'While Kiora was yet a ohi:d her mother died, whereupon Tom Selby bought a snug villa outside the' city, and sent his daughter to a boarding school until she be. came old enough to take charge of his house hold. "Arid so you are going "to-morrow, Charlie," she said timidly, at the eame time toying nervously with her companion's palm between her own shapely hands. " Must it really be to.morrow ?" " Really and truly, Kiora," he answered. " The horses were put aboard early this even ing, and we sail to- morrow at daylight." "Howdreadlii?this war ii," - she satys 'in a low tone. "Ah i dreadful, indeed, my darling, but we must not stand idly by, and see those mad fanatics the rebels murder and plunder innocent people. Since Rewi was driven out of,the Waikato, the Government have done all in their power to induce the dis. satisfied Maories to lay down their arms, and. to live at peace with their I'akeha neigh. bore, but you see it is of no avail. Tipore and his crazy brother have roused the Taranaki tribes to open rebellion, and by so doing have unfortunately prevented one, ChorlesStanton, from enjoying his Chri'tmaA dinner under the same roof as Kiora Selby. -' Dear Charlie, no oue can regret that mie fortune more than poor Kiora," she answere, softly. Charlie laughs lightly, then stooos for ward, until' his moustache reaches Kiora's ripe red lies, and-well the moon only knows what took place, for she was watching them. Her Moonship sees many things that lovers wot of. On this lovely evening there was no exception to the rule, for she observed, close by where Charlie and his companion billed and cooed at each other the form of a man, crouching low down behind a thick shrub, which completely hid him from the eyes of'those he was evidently watohing a man with a pale, vile looking face, which peered out of them from the screen of foliage with a stvage gleam in his eyes. The apparel of the eaves.dropper was similar to that worn by the girl's companion, save that he had three narrow golden stripes noon his coat sleeve at the wrist, which bespoke the man a non.commissioned officer. During a long chat, such as lovers usually indulge in, the watcher never stirred from his bent position; but listened to every word uttered with a greed that was born of deep and absorbing interest. It was only when Kiora rose to de part that he drew further into the shade, and in so doing made a noise which attracted tihe girl's attention. "What was that, Charlie?" she cried, nestling her*elf close to the side of that gentleman, aol gazing round in alarm. "' What is the matter, dear ?' "Did you not hear a. rustlinr noise? It sounded close to that bush there," she said. "Sweet Kiora, you are filled with strange, fancies to-night,":he said, gaily. "First, it was a shooting star, big with evil portent for me; now it is a noise as of some lurking assassin. Poolh! my girl; there is nothing save, perohance, some grasshopper looking for its mate." " Oh, Charlie ! I would give all I possess in the world to prevent yon going to Tarna naki." she said, with sudden energy. " Nonsense, why?" "-Because a.I-have -got- onen morbid, fancy that when we part to-night it will be for ever." "My darling, I-" " Listen to me,'Charlie. Do you believe in dreams ?" "' Dreams, certainly. I believe they are dreams; nothing more." The maiden nestled her small head, crowned with a coronet of raven hair, closer to his breast' and looking up at him with her large eyes, said, "I had a terrible dream the night beforolast-a dream' in which I saw what took place as plain as I can see those trees before me now.", " What did yousee; KIiiora?" " An encampment of armed men, situate on the margin of a lovely lake, and sur. rounded on every hand by high rugged hills, treeless and barren in .the extreme," she responded, in a low hushed tone. "Beyond the tents, on .a green patch of sward, my dream disclosed a solid sequare of glittering bayonets, in the centre of which were three posts standing up right. On those cruel stakes a man was being tied hand and foot, to be flogged like a slave. My God, it was terrible." The trooper put his arm about the slender form of his companion,.for she had begun to shiver like one in a fiht of ague. "Did you recognise the features of the un fortunate fellow at the triangles?" he asked presently. "Idid." "Andyouknew him:" " Yes." " Who was he, Kiorat" " Youreelf, Charlio ! Oh i thounutierable anguish depicted there. Oh ! the misery, 'and the despair,' and the sickening, dreadful blows that fell'upon my ears like some shud dering horror, too great for mortal heart to bear ! Yet I was compelled to gaze until tile dreadful work was ended. Then I hoeard a loud shout away towards the cliffs, and look ingthenoo, beheld a great horde ot Maoris rueh like a mighty avalanche upon the square of armed men, and disperse it into a hundred fragments. Then all becamo ltase and con fusion, intermingled with shouts and cries, and a viseion of the man who had beent degraded mounted upon a saddle and bridleless horse, his bare and bleeding baolc glistening con spicuously above the-crowded melee, until too?ed to and fro like a worthless waif, he Went down amid the tide of battle, and I saw timn no more.'' Charlie Stanton stood silent for a minute. A feelitg of some nameless dtlread .began to stes I over himat Kiora's recital, but he shook it off and replied in a banering way : "3"reems are all my eyo, sweetheart. Iu deed, it has been said by some' crusty old bachelors that'dretmi are like;ladles-thley followtlie ruGl bf contrary. Cdme, holdunp your heaid, my dear. I shall return to you ero the new year is mnany'weeks old with all my honors thick upon me. "I incerey trust you may, my' dear Charlie," said the girl, with a fond look, in whlohthere was yet the sadness of her ngly dream outlined, and then as if anxious to abance the pubject she added, " Look, how beautiful overythinr g seems undir the shien of tie moou. Whata lovely night." ( 'They went cut~inuo the soft glow arm in arm-she pleading for his promise, he; laugh. Ingly runisting ier. Onnrd, down the green slopes, streen with murky shatiows that seemed to svwallowthem up and leaveno trace behind. Bysaud-bye the lurkinfg figure came forthi from his laIr, and stood up in the full light of the moon-a tall, dark man abut thirty years of age,. face sallow and clesqly shaven, displaying a wide, soensual mouth 1nd strong, determined jaw, filled with firm white teeth. "So here you are, Sergeant Clement Exley, playing the spy," he muttered, apes. trophising himself, a sinister gloeam In his e the while. " Why, who would have thought the ring-doves would soleoct this spot for their saenseless ohatter-almost under my nose'? Humph! mty limbs amre raoked with pain and cramp. Confound them both; What the devil can there be about this weak, fooling dandy, that she shonld.prefur hin to a better man! Aye, one who cares moro for her than he does. He stood with folded arma a nmoment, watching the direction they had taken. "There yon go, Charl!oe Stanton, wih th te whip hand of me, but take earse my led, I don't obheolmata you. For ten' years you and I have been what modem society calls friends, Charlie; but modern society little dreams how I hate your friendship. It has robbed me of many things I had set my heart on, even the love of this proud wench-who has thounht 'fit to treat my advances with scorn and insult, since you have taken the field. Charlie, meon oher. Well, well! I am content to bide my time, Kiora Selby. Dreams have been fulfilled ere. this. I have the cue, my weak-minded spark ; and it shall go hard, but I will use It to advantage, when opportunity offers. Heo tollowed in the wake of the lovers with a slow and meditative step, his head bent, -and his hands olhspad behind his back. "If my friend Stantbn has one trait in his character more prominent than another it is an easy, simple belief in the truth and good- ce s of his fellows," he muttered. "No fool's .paradiis too great for Charlie. I have made' : study of the man, not beeausa I love' hism--tiu because he is my opposite a soft humbug, that cannot say No, for. the life of him.' Charlie, men ami, you are as the potter's clay to my hand. Let me see if I canunot play you against charming Kiora Selby and her broad acres." Sergeant Exloy, of 'Caversham's Hoiso, quickened his pace, crossed the park and entered Yarnell, thence his walk became slower, until he reached Shortland Place Here he halted and stood watching the front of a pretty villa on the opposite side of the way. There must have been something very attractive here toengage theSergeant's atten. tion, for he reminedon the spot 'dose on two hours. He was still watching and waiting; when a young man issued from the house, t humming a savorito operatic air. "Hallo, Charlie i well met, dear boy. Where have you been !" cried Exley, in a surprised yet pleasant tone. "Just ran over to bid the Selby'a cood bye," replied Stanton. " But what are you doing down this way, Exley P" "Ah ! taking a walk under the moon to view the city. I guess we shan't have another opportunity to view the spires of Auckland by moonlight for some time to come. Truth is,. Charlie, I'm glad to have mot you." "Why, pray ." " Because I was just making my way to the Albion''wheroi I'seprdbmised to meet . one or two jolly fellows to take a parting glass. You will ?oin me, of course ?" " My dear Exloey, nothing would give me greater pleasure." "Come along, then, it is late." The pair went arm and arm through the silent streets. Stanton happy in the thought of his swcetheart; Exley, qfeist.brooding= like a man who feels his way to some un kno;wn goal. CHAPTER II.: There are few scenes iniNew Zealand more grardly rugged than the Oban Valley, Tara naki, the spot where the volunteers had fixed their bivouac on the 24th of December, in anticipation of meeting the rebel Maoris. It was Christmas Eve, the time night, a calm lovely night, with moon and stars studding the dark blue canopy of heaven-as on the night of the advent of the. Master, nearly nineteen hundred years ago. ' The camp was composed of'six hundred rank and file of the Auckland: Rifles, to gether withone troop of Caversham's Horse. The latter had pitched their tents on a small hill adiacent to where the commissariat stores had been piled and covered over by a large tarpaulin. Of the sixty men of the troop; ten of their number had been told off as i guard, under the charge of Sergeant Exley.. The supply of grog and provisions are onlylimited and needed'but one sentry at a time to keep watch and ward over them. There were six quarter casks of rum standing in a row flank ing the stores. The sergeant called the guard together about the watchfire and said : "Comrades, I need hardly remind you of the general order issued this morning. We are under martial law here in the field. Colonel Bartopp, as you all know, isa' very strict officor, and will punish the slightest neglect or carelessness with severity. (find that, and, above all, remember that any man found neglecting his d ty will most assuredly go to the triangles. You tihderstanu'?" They appeared to understand very well; they glanced towards the rum puncheons, and thought the sergeant a worthy fellow to con cern himself about tlpr welfare. There were others about the tire who did not be long to the guard. One, a short, broad shouldered, jolly-looking fellow, who had evidently seen more of the ocean than terra firma, if one might judge by his gait and his conversation. His name was Bob Cable, and while the sergeant warned his men, was deeply intent attempting to balance a camp pot on the rpngh nose of a magnflicent water spaniel at his side. The experiment with the 'dog appeared equally interesting to 'another individual, vie., a bare-legged Maori lad about fourteen, who stood by with gaping mouth. The tto, who answered, to .the. nom de guerro of -' Sandfly," was one of that gender known as a camp-fag 'and general knock about among the troopers. He could speak English pretty well, so tar as lying went, and was withal one of the most mischievousyoung vagabonds in Mwaoiland. As tihe night waxed apace; there arose a keen east wind, which made ti he air biting cold and ret the white tents shivering like so many sheeted.ghosts under the moonlight. The Maors lad, prowliua ,shtaot for some plce of shelter for the Ltight, found a snug corner beneath the tarpaulin which covered the stores, and there retired to rest without more ado. The party round the fire gradu ally thinned until only two persons remained seated by it-. Charles Stanton and Bob' Cable.:.. It' was easy. to perceive that. a warm and sincere friendship existed between theose twain, yetno nien were more opposite int persounnd disposition. The one handsome, gentlitmanly, and refined in bearing, bht weak and yielding to the verge of pntsillartnity. The other coarse, plainof person, yet obstinate and determined as a boll.dog. , How came these two to be friends ! Simply through uone little act of kindness. At the atorming of the Maori stronghold "To RIanga," Boblt Cable lay bleeding to death outaide the enemy's trench, from a severe gash in itis side, received during, the attack. The volunteers were' repulsed, but at the risk of his lifo Charlie Stantcn walked coolly out to the trench, and brought in the wounded man upon his back, amidst a per feet hailstorm of Maorl. bullets... It was a gallant, kindly aot, ahd Dob bad.often spoken his gratitude in language more forcible than polite. ' : And hero they s:t by the fire, with the dog between them,' and' samtll flask of rum which has been emptied to the dregs in fighting their Wailiato oamluign over again. o Presently there is a sli for numrer four of the guard. Charlie .8tanton .rises hurriedly', wishes Cable "' Good'night," and answers "Here." . It is his turn for Weiffy'; and he is marched over to relieve the man posoed on the stores. Silence now roigns throu h'out the camp, save for the wild screech of thu polew out yonder by the lake." i ' p t Sandfly, cronuched under the friendly covering of the tarpaulin, is suddenly awakened from his rosy dreams, by the sound of voices in tlheo'vicinity.:' Thdi2Iaori noise lesely lifts one end of the coveritng"and peeps forth. Sergeant Exley is standing with a pannihkin in his hand, talking to tho sentry in a low, earnest tone. "Indeed, Charlie, I see no great harmin taking a glass of grog on such a cold night. We are not in town, where it could be easily obtained, therefore one must get itby stealth. Of corseo, you are On sentry, and can pro veitmytakiug any, but I mutst say a small half pint out ef one of these casks would never be missed." '5; 1 " Perhaps not," answered Charlie Staitbn carelessly. " Pray do as you pleatee yoa'; have command of the guard; but I nay, E?loy, what about that lecture you gave us reepecting General Orders and ColonelBar. I topp' stern disolpline 2" ] the seorgesant laughed in a qluiot way and I rephlied;," WVait until eou're;promoted again, Charlie, then adopt my plan. One side for the men, thother for your friends. Surely you i)_ere not impressed with my cuiudon. Lord I feel Inolined to roar sometimes at all the fuss aud humbug put forth in General Order or otherwise. Red tape and bunkum. liunkum and red tape, to the' end of the chapter. 1'11 bet Colonel Bartonp has I Snot citired to his tent without a skinful of Sgooal liquor. . Why then should we, comrade, ,who. have to watch throughthe long night in this sharp wind, not wet our whistle, when b it is here ready at our hand?" S" Bravo, Exley ! Very well argued. My orders are to allow no one-to meddle with the commissariat except the quartermaster, but, I repeat, you are my superior officer and there are the casks." "Good.' This fellow here seems -a little apoplectic. We will bleed him." " With all my heart, but how.will you do it, throtrh' his bunghole?" cried Charlie, "No I Only a bunglertwould go to work that way. See here, Ihave a ?lm!et. Now, keep watch while I'spilo this fellow's frontis pI esue.,:'.:". . . t.l a Clement Exley oast a t iumpliae nlook at Sht compaidin are he went down on. his knees 'to.bore the ram.' pmnoheon,'.H~id :'tlhi good natured 'Inconstant dupe'sdenthat'look he would have thought twioasbeftro hobnobbing with the subtle and crafty 'scoundrel before him. But Charlie Stanton, measuring man by his own stanidard, saw nothing in it save a goon follow in want of a nobbler, and who had. pluck enough to hazard his sergeant's stripes for it. . Crawling from his lair as silently as a ser pent, Sandfly behold Exley holding the panni kin under a thin stream iasning from one of the casks. How the liquor hissed and gur gled as it spouted into the pot. When the utensil was full, Charlie held his thumb 'to the bole-until the Sorgeant plugged it' up again. - "Now, comrade, take a nip."?' "After you," said Charlio politely. " The girls we left behind us," and the ser geant put the liquor to his lips, but he did not drink any; ... : :. "I'll give that pledge with all my heart," responded Charlie, in proof of which he almost emptied the pannikin at a draught. It took away his breath for the moment, but that was nothing,!the night was cold. J " " What do you say, shall we refill the gob let, Stanton ?" "Byall means, Exley," and thte pot' was replenished. "I did not expect we were 'going to have such a jolly time in general," said the sentry, seating himself on one of the puncheons, with the can of rum between his knees. "Come, Olem, take a sip and pass the decanter." .Iu a short time the measure was again empty, and once more refilled. The fiery spirit was at least twenty decrees over proof,. audsoon beanm to ttll on.the trooner. \- " Wemust be cautious, comride, and not arouse the eleoping guard,".said the sergeant, as Charlie boeame rather 'noisy. " It is now past midnight, and I don't expect the visit ing officer before four o'clock." - S." Oh, bother the visiting rounds--pass the pannikin, Clem." ;' ' - "I supoose you don't mind my reliev ing you when your two hours are up, Charlie?" " iio at atall. I am content to remain hero untildaylight, providing you leave me the gimlet. Here's your health, Clam, and may you liveto be a general." The Ser-eant watched him with glittering eyes. "Steady, comrade, you will be tipsy, ' he said. "I? Nonsenso. Here, hold my carbine; the pot is empty." One a.t. by the sergeant's watch, and the sergeant's companion is growing thick of speech and rather prosy. In another half hour the poor dupe is staggering about. The sergeant watches him--watches him fall prone down, sight and senses gone. Then Exle y knows 'that the bird is snared-the rat safe in the trap. The offlicerof the night begins his rounds earlier than was' expected. At three a.m. the commiseariat guard turned out at his summons, and was dismissed as correct. "How many sentries have you, Sergeant' Exley?" ' Only one, captain." "I.will visit him." It was usual for two men of the guard and the non.commisctoned officer in oharge to accompany the ollicer, when visiting the sentries. Ezley called two of his comrades, .who onducted the captain over to the stores, but, of iourse, there was no one to cliallenge their approaoh. " Halt !" cried the officer, "how's' this? Where is your man, sergeant P" he asked in a tone of surprise. Before the question could be answered the Maori lad emerged from-his hiding place and. pointed out the dark inert term of the tipsy sentinel, stretched upon the ground fast asleep. A light was brought trom the hut and they tried to rouse him, but in vain. There appeared no need to enquire how the man cot drunk on his post. Tie leaking cask, the gimlet and the panniikin half full of liquor on the ground beside him told its own' tale plainly. " This is a very unfortunate matter," oried the sergeant, with well-feigned regret in his tone. " What is to be done, ir ?" " Done! Why, your duty, Sergeant Exley, of cour-e.' ' responded the captain. " Carry the' poor devil to' the guard-tfnt, and put another man in his stead. I'll report to Colonel Bartopp on my return," Morning camne with its rosy blush,'tinging the hilltops and kissing the sleeping encamp ment 'into renowed life. . It found Sergeant. Exley pacing moodily before the guard tent where his unfortunate victim lay slumbering off the fumes of intoxication. " Is this but the prelude to her dream?" he muttered. "God, it would seem so. Here are the circle of hills around, bare and treeless, overlooking the valley. Yonder the Oban Lake gleaming in the carly sun, like a burnished shield. What moro ? Shall the ourtain rise to-day upon 'the first' act of the dream P-the formed square, and the man tied to the trianules? We shall see. Charlie Stanton, it would have been wellhad you or I never seen Kiora Selbv. 'Poor wretch, sleep on. When thou,wakest thou wilt see the cat ready :' and now to snatch an hour's rest." He turned into the tent, and at that mometit the voice of Sandfly, was heard calling for Snap, the retriever, who ran frisking towards the lad in great glee, and the pair raced down the hill towards the tent occupied by Bob Cable. (TO tE COrTINUED.) 