Extraordinary Epidemic in Russia. - A Russian journal describes a peculiar reli" gious movement in the (vinter of 1891-92 in the province of Kiev. The originator wns a Russian, given to drink until the age of 40 years, when he reformed and joined the Stundists, following zealously the religions rites of the sect, and often going into a condition of ecstacy. A few years later, he began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving extremely pleasant per fumes, which he declared to be the eniell of the Holy Ghost. Then he conceived that lie was possessed of the Holy GhoBt, and that lie waB Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Savior of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations ; 110 one should die, and no one should have need to work or to care for the future, for God would care for them all. Most of thsm suffered from hallucinations of the sense of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which (hey described as pertaining to God and Heaven. Many had a feeling of remarkable bodily lightness, as if floating in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, mani festly hysterical. The congregations were al ways noisy and exalted, some falling to the earth, others jumping, sinking themselves on the breast, and shouting inarticulately. Some would imitate couversatiop ; but it consisted of ncomprehersible, senseless Bounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and ansemic. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authori ties ; those who were most insane-being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitals and convents. At a country township not a hundred miles from Nnrine (S.A.) the other day a happy youth of 76 years led to the altar a blushing bride of 65, and their union was celebrated with great rejoicing. Both had buried two 'life' partners, but the bridegroom's bliss was even greater than when -probably linlf a century be fore, lie faced the parson. On the Sunday morning following the marriage the gay old gent, while taking up the collection at a local chapel, stood up before the pulpit and gave vent his feelings in a little speech something like this : 'My dear friends, — I Lave brought with nie my new wife — third edition. I teli you I have been disappointed with her, because she is far better than I thought. Now to thank the Lord for giving me such a grand wife I am going to make a golden offering.' And amidst a general titter the delighted old septuagenarian dropped a half-sovereign into the plate. Mr. Reid says that the humblest settler on our furthest border is entitled to just as much care and consideration as the wealthiest merchant in the metropolis. At Monday's meeting of the Sydney University Senate, the following resolution was adopted, on the motion of Sir William Windeyer : — " That a by-law be prepared providing that any salaried officer of the University becoming a candidate for election to the Legislative Assembly shall thereby vacate his office." Fop. the Singleton Show which opens next week 23S1 entries have beeu received. This is a falling off from last year of 280. The horse and sheep sections however show increases. The people of this country have spoken. They declare by their patronage of Canadian Healing Oil that they believe it to be an article of genuine merit, adapted to the cure of rheumatism, as well as re lieves the pains of fractures and dislocations, exter. nal injuries, corns, bunions, piles, aud other mala dies. The craze for first editions of the works of mo dern authors has surely reached its climax when so ridiculous a price as £99 is paid for Thackeray's "Flore efc Zephyr," The little book was put up at three guineas, and the next bid was £30. A few years ago copies were sometimes met with at sales, and were always sold at prices ranging from £3 to £5. In the 13 years of its existence, the New Zealand Farmers' Co-operative Association of Canterbury, Limited, has become a very profitable concern. The net profits in the year ended May 31 were £8802, and the balance available for distribution was £10,599. Out of this a dividend and bonus of 10 per cent, were paid, 3 per cent. waB paid to shareholders on their purchases of merchandise, a similar bonus was paid on salaries, and a refund of 20 per cent, was made on net commissions earned, . £1000 was added to the reserve, and the balance carried forward. The association sells produce in London extensively on behalf of the Canterbury farmers, these sales having amouuted to £274,000 in the past two years. _ While the last Austrian Derby was being run, six horses fell together. The stewards held an in quiry, and found that the mishap was in no way due to foul riding, but they fined the winner's jockey 1000 florins for careless riding, whereby he forced Fenegyerek against the rails, and caused that horse to fall . A telegram received from Panama reports that a great conflagration is in progress in that city. Two hundred and twenty-five buildings have been already destroyed, and the flames, fanned by a high wind, are still spreading. Water is scarce. The fire started in the low quarter, between the public market and the old railway station. The inhabitants are panic-stricken. The present esti mates of the damage done vary from a million and a quarter to a million and a half dollars. The gold coins issued from the Royal Mint during last year amounted to £9,266,251. The silver re presented £1,008,971, and the bronze £47,000. At Elbing, in Germany, are now to be seen large numbers of girls dressed in men's attire. The girls are employed iu dairy farming. Their costumes consist of a short blouse girded at the waist, knee breeches, and nether hose, with neat shoes. The costume is described as picturesque. 