3STJE.EJDL.-ES: " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." "Grandpa, hers ia a bird we .have jusb caught: in the garden. _ I should like- it for a pet if I only knew what it eats." Gbandpa_ (professor)—"I'll soon find that out by opening it and examining its crop." Fine. Warm. , Slavery. Smallpox. . ■ Show day. Cyolorama. Garden fete. " Continentals." Bathing fatality. Supposed suicide. Loans to farmers. Fire at Port Pirie; Postal Conference. London wool sales. Village settlement. . A daring burglary. Death of a convict.' Fire at Ulverstone. Women's franchise. Death from burning. Intercolonial cricket. Madame Patey dead. A frontier embroglio. A waterless ElDorado. A misohievous meteor. Phylloxera in Victoria. Sydney totalizator case. A voice from Paraguay. Irish politicians excited. A woman poisons herself. A " burlesque on justice." Trades union indignation.... Retrenchment in Victoria. The story of a photograph. Sad accident at Snowtown. A British viotory in Africa. Shooting affray near Albany. Two Sydney burglars arrested. Stabbing case at Port Adelaide. Kimberley district under water. Disastrous floods in West Australia. A rush to Waukaringa unwarranted. Mr. Gladstone retains Ministerial office. West Australia has an Agricultural Bureau. The Autumn Agricultural Snow open to-1 day. ■ The Massilia was strictly quarantined yester day. Country visitors should not miss seeing the Zoo. The Cyolorama should attraot country visitors. The Government offices will be olosed this afternoon. The Massilia mails have all been carefully fumigated. The "'Continentals" still maintain their | popularity. .... The intercolonialorioket matoh commences on | the oval to-morrow. . The Garrick Dramatio Club perform at the) Bijou Theatre to-night. The railway revenue for the week ended | February 24 was £20,558. - A Victorian conviot has committed suicide I rather than suffer the lash. A Scotoh programme has been arranged for Saturday's " Continental." A Sydney judge considers the owner of a totalizator to be a vagrant. Mr. F. R. Burton has been appointed clerk of the Adelaide Local Court. The Viotorian Education Department is dismissing 180 lady teachers. The rug recently swallowed by the boa ;con striotor is on view at the Zoo. • Mr. J. P. Stow is to be transferred from Mount Gambier to Port Pirie. Development of the Coolgardie mines is j stopped owing to want of water. Queenslanders anxious to extend the privi lege of a political vote to women. • The wily fish have left the waters of the | Flinders Island fishing settlement. The Becond Bentley-Webster concert will be I given in the Town Hall this evening. • Fifteen natives have been drowned in the| Kimberley district of West Australia. \- Ah association in support of women's franchise is to be formed in Brisbane. A contractor has been awarded £1,600 in a case against the Victorian Minister of Works. _ Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted fountain .Should' attraot country visitors to the Cyolo rama. ' The Intercolonial Postal Conference will I begin its sittings at Wellington, New Zealand, to-day. The case against J. J. Miller for keeping a common gambling-house in Melbourne is to be reheard,. A lay representative at the Bible Christian Conference yesterday suddenly lost all power of speech. Why is the smallpox on the Massilia like a man going home by his latest tram ? Because it caught the las'car. The raoe for the Four-oar Championship of the colony will be rowed on the Port Adelaide River on Saturday afternoon. Pressure, it is said, ia being brought to bear upon the Queen to provide an Irish residence for the Duke and Duohess of York. The London Daily Chronicle says that Lord Rosebery is the only statesman whose leader ship will.ensure the oontinued adhesion of the Liberal Party. General Roberts, along with other distin guished officers, has asked that a yearly grant should be made by Government for the Army Temperance Association and a separate room be allowed it in every barracks in the United Kingdom. Temperance women of Norway asked the public authorities a short time ago to make if unlawful for women or girls to serve in public houses. The request has been granted and now a drink-seller cannot employ any othei woman than his own wife.. • Prudence is one of the virtues that naturallj go with age, but sometimes it ib developed early. "Tommy," said a thoughtful mother, " your Uncle William will be here to-day and you must wash your face." " Yes, ma," sale the thrifty Thomas, "but s'posen he don'l come. What then ?" "William IV. seemed in a momentary dilemma one day when, at table with severa officers, he ordered one of the waiters to " Tak< away that marine there," pointing to ar empty bottle. " Your majesty," enquired £ colonel of marines, "Do you compare at empty bottle to a member of our branch ol the^service?" "Yes," replied the monarch, as if a sudden thought bad struck him, "1 mean to say it has done ite duty onoe, and is ready to doit again." Two shopmen hired bicycles lately and tool a spin into the country. When they wert perhaps ten miles out they decided to have s race. One of them gob far ahead of the other, and in dashing round a burn ran into a pile oi stones. The wheel was demolished, and the rider found himself lying among the spokes, An old woman, who happened to be passing, was met by the second rider. "My good woman," said he, " have yon seen a young man riding a bicycle on ahead?" "No," said the woman, " but I saw a young man up the road who was sittin' on the ground mendin' umbrel las." A Hint. " The sun shines, we will make our hay, E'er stormy winds shall blow." So would-be legislators say And set forth for the show. But spite of sickle bright, alas! This truth alone they glean— That tho' 'bis true "all flesh ie grass," It ia nob always green. 