ABOVE THE SPEAKER SKETCHES IN PARLIAMENT. By Timotheos. " Timotheus placed on high." The curtain rises upon a fresh scene. The stage is the same, but there are new actors, and the old ones who remain are in new parts. Some careers have commenced; others have closed. The bitter disappoint ments which a general election brings with it are forgotten by the time the House opens for business, and attention is claimed by eager hopes and vivid interests. Life rolls on. No one can presume to take the measure of the new House as yet. But the veterans and the experts are all agreed upon some features. It has no cohesion. A big majority has come in as opponents of the Patterson Government, but not neoessarily to support any particular set of men. The majority may come together to warmly uphold the Tamer Government—to see Ministers through their troubles rightly or wrongly—and it may not. First impressions are against amalgamation and unity. Two splits are already obvious, the country party havingapolicy which varies from the Ministerial programme and the labour party having a policy which fractureB off in a different direction. Will these splits de velop! Then again there is a belief that there is a lot of individuality among many of the new members. They have ideas of their, own, and wills of their own. They will wank to know the reasons for things. This one may shy at one proposal, that one may bolt at another; and there is nothing the old' political band dislikes more than these un broken teams. He never can be sure against a stampede that may upset ths coach or smash it, Now the first impression—it oan only be a first and hasty impression—about this House among the judges is that it con tains rather more individuality than usual, and rather less of a sheep-like capacity lor following a lead. If this forecast prove to be oorreot, why, suoosssive Ministries may have their difficulties, but the publio will have lively _ Mr. si* »b^ i »\& •£ . ' Jr.".'r,Xit ACS Cl jp majority. Few Premiers have ever been J able to look round upon a larger following. But the Premier is a great deal less astute than he is given credit for if he allows this appearance to deceive him. All will be well for a time of course—but for how long a time ? The Government Comer is much too large for Government comfort* and even at the start it does not seem by any means too friendly to some of the Ministerial proposals. The two Corners contain CO members be tween them, or two-thirds of the House. All new Ministers are happy at the Btart, and the Ministers who have never held office before are always the most happy. Yet joy can never be too exuberant on these occasions. There is no occasion for the skeleton at the feast business in order to moderate the rapture of even the beginners, inasmuch as etiquette places right in front of the victors the forms of the Ministers recently deceased. This time the spectacle is not so ghastly as nsual. Most of the Ministers who have leftthe Treasury benches for ever have been decently buried by the constituencies—a most excel lent arrangement. But one or two of the forms that have to pretend to be alive know that they have left the official seats for ever. Their lot is that of the Greek ghosts—to wander about disconsolately and to talk of other times. As the Opposition declined to debate the address, the week's proceedings would have been purely formal if some of the labour members had not been bursting with a desire, as one of them pat it, "to let the House know what they had said on the platform." So the only glimpse obtained is of the Lygon etreefc group. According to its orators, the group means to be much more aggressive in this Parliament thau it was in the last—and apparently it boasts far more wordy speakers. Sir James Patterson would be edified to hear from these gentlemen how they won their seats. They one and all, it seemed, made glorious capital out of his Castlemaine utter ances about the public service. Ex-Ministers published a list to show that 7,000 employes receiving £150 per annum or less were not touched by the pro posals. But Mr. Gray says that he and others showed their audiences that the evident in tention of ex-Ministers was to cut into these small stipends next. The audiences were in dignant when they hoard this. So on Tues day was Sir James Patterson. Two lessons have been learned by the ex-Premier. The one is that you cannot go to the country with a heavy retrenchment scheme. The other is to keep your temper during an election—to beware of fiery and pithy sayings. Bacon especially commends the politicians who say nothing that can be remembered the next day. Patriotism bubbles over more than ever in the labour comer. Aud that is gratifying. Messrs. Hancock and Gray both etruck the ! same note. This, they declare, is a Parlia-' tneut with a mission. The deficit must not be allowed to grow. Wages must not be touched. Economies have been pushed too far. What has to be done is to raise more money. The time has eome for the tax paying patient to rise to the occasion ; to pay up and to look pleasant, mindful of the immense good which comes from a large Government outlay. Of course a line has to be drawn, but the labour party draws it easily. The salary of a member of Parliament, they say, should be steady at about £300 per annum, and incomes of less than £300 per annum should he exempt. Justice and humanity demand this arrangement, and the larger the loss from so many citizens standing aside, why, the greater the opportunity for others to nobly pay more. Mr. Hancock is sure that people who own land or who make more than £300 per annum will contribute willingly. Mr. Gray is not quite so sure, but if there is unwilling ness he is ready to put the screw on. From what these gentlemen said, irom what Mr. Rogers {South Yarra) said, and from wnat Mr. Gook said, it is guile evid, nt that a section of members have got in by declaring that the cutting down of the Government expenditure is n great mistake. If the Government pays high wages, ea.vs Mr. Gray, the Bhopkeeper gets the benefit first and the merchant afterwards. Mr. Rogers thinks that £10,000,000 per annum would not necessarily be a large outlay, or say 10 per cent better than the boom. What incomes will not make up can all come—according to the labour members—from the land. The country members said not a word. What they think of these vigorous doctrines—of this startling development—will be known later on. East Bourke Boroughs sends in the jnnior member of the House and the senior-- or the member who is very nearly seirior. Mr. Cook, in seconding the address, was ap parently the most unconcerned member of the House : rattling on with all the fluency that seems associated with A.N.A. Sir Graham Berry, in taking the cliair, was ap parently the most nervous member. Sir Graham daring his long career was a fight ing politician. Ho one probably ever thought less about the chair or took less note of its routine duties than he. The forms, there fore, are quite new to him. When he comes to the serious business—and Mr. Speaker has sometimes very serious issues to face—he should be at his ease. Mr. Longmore, except that he is thinner and older, has not changed one little bit, but he finds the spirit of the House changed a good deaf. Somehow the old personally, venomous tone is out of date. When, in quite the antique manner, Mr. Longmore in sinuated that Mr. Maloney was the too] sf evi!-minded conspirators, opposite members only laughed* These must be coneultaciee! when Mr. Longmore is about Bis faculty that pi the American rat-trap, which' was guaranteed to: catch rate In places where nor wtre never hean! of ontil it was set on the premises. In these days people do not take to thissort Of thing; They prefer bluff Mr. Hanoock, »ho apy dar would rather give tut opponent a shake of the hand after the battle than a stab when there is no fight on. The com* parison suggests itself, because the two mem bers sit close together. The member who gets sandwiched between them may recall to his mind Macaulny's description of a break fast at Holland-house, where he had Sydney Sm i tk on one side jovial and all chatter, and on the other llogers, the banker poet, saturnine and silent, but occasionally saying something remarkably unpleasant about somebody. Certainly poor Mr. Maloney commenced most unfortunately. When he endeavoured to steal some time from the Government for private members'business he was called "a tool," and when he opposed a bill to prevent brewers' dummies swindling their employers he was described by another friend and asso ciate as " a fool." The Honse laughed at the one imputation and cheered the other. 