OUR GHOST STORY. "THE WHITE LADY." (BY E. NESBIT IN Black and White) We were a great houseful of peo- ple. They always had a houseful for Christmas at the Court. I have spent many a merry Christmas there since, but never one so merry as that. I snpposo it was booiutiw wo wevo all young, and at that timn of lifo whon you oiily s(!-- tho lights and nouo of tho shadows, Bcsidoa Julian loved 1110. 1 had boon certain of that ovor aiuco wo mot at Scarborough in tho summer j and sinco 1 had boon staying in hia father's honao, ho had found a thousand Jittlo ways of making mo moro suro that hia dear old hoiwo was to bo my homo, and I tho happiest mistress that over owned it, Iwcauao Julian loved mo. It was tho night boforo Christmas Dvo, and all wo young folks woro'danc ing in tho big hull s and it was botwoon two walfrr.ra, na I sat rosting in ono of tilts -l£OJ- window suiiin, alioltorocl ty tho Wavy curtain, that Julian liftod tho curtain, mk! poasocl in, and sat boaido mo. Tho window seat was in tho shadow . of tho groat stair, and tho roafc of tho compnuy wove gathered round tho piano, and woro laughing and talking so gaily, that his words wovo no moro hoard by thorn than tho aoft sighing of tho pino trees outsido. No ono hoard what ho said but I, and no ono over shall hoar j for you need not supposo that I am going to mito down horo what ho sriid to ino. But it was ono of thoso happy momonte/ that como so vory soldom and that light one's lifo, whon thoy do como, for a long, long way back and forward. And' ho tola mo ho should spoalc to his- fathor tho next day, . ; , Now I como of good family, and- had a handsome property of my own. I waa a nico-looking girl in thoso days, and considered agreoablo and accom plished, as girls wont. So noxt day whon I mot Julian in tho hall for a .moment after broaMftflt, ? I 'novev ex ported tho answer to bo anything but ' yes ' when I said, , ' Is yo\u% father ploasod with your choice P^' . , To my Burpriso Julian hesitated, thon ho answered; 'I tliinlt ho ia pleased with my choice, but ho bogs us to con sider nothing as settled until after Christmas Evo,' ' Why P' I naked, naturally enough, 11 1 can't tell you now, ' It's a long talo, and thoso Danvors girls will bo horo in a minute. 1 promised, liko tho fool I am, to go skating with them. But this afternoon when wo como in to tea, if you happen to bo in tho library instoad bf tho hall, ono might perhaps got a word with one's sweetheart,' Tho Dunvor.s girln oamo in whilo ho was speaking, but ho finished his speech in my ear with groat oalmnoss, and I wont off to nurso my now happiness, and wondor at and dolight in it until tho timo waa como whon 1 should seo him again. ,1 softly slipped into tho library and olosed tho heavy door after me. Tho dusk wfta falling, tho firelight shone ?pleasantly on tho glass of tho bookcases »nd tho gilt backs of tho books, and I stood by tho window and watched the skating-party como up from tho lake, I hadn't had a word with Julian all day. I couldn't skftto, i'ov I had promised my dear mother years before that I would, novor go on tho ico, bouauso my fathor had been killed by an ico accident. I saw thorn como up, jingling their skates and talking morrily, and two minutes later Julian wan with mo. ' How nico and warm it ia in horo, my dear littlo lovo,' he began, ' I havo been in purgatory all day— such a cold purgatory too.' ? « And indeed his f iico was na cold as ico. Whon ho had thawed hia hands by tho flro, wo sat down together on ono of tho loathor-covorod aotteea, and ho said x — ' Now, lioart of mino, wo, havo only a few, fow minutes for all our stories and explanations, for I must get back to tho other people before the tea comos-in. T^io real fact is— there's a ghost in 6ur ftwnily.' I turned my foot this way and * that, ' fi- watch tho play of tho firelight on my patent leather bIioo. ' I don't think,' I romarkod, still looking down, 'that a S;hoat would bo an iuauporablo oh octiou.' 'It's not quite that,' ho , said, hosi tatingly. 'What is it P' I asked. 'Tho story is suro to bo interesting j toll it to mo, u Well, tho story runs that a certain ancestresa of mino ran away and got married without her parent's consent. Tho marriago didn't turn out well per. haps, At any rate, aho was plagued with remorse in her later yeans, and very inconsistently undertook to appear and givo her blessing whenever tho heir of thia houao becomes engaged to a suitable young person ; and if sho doesn't appear tho engagement doesu't como off. That's all.' 'Bat do you moan to toll mo,' I ox claimed, for T could not holp thinking ho was laughing at mo, 'that you woulc givo mo up just because a stupid old . ghoat didn't put iu its appoaranoo at a cortain hour and place P' 'No, 1 wouldn't,' ho replied, 'but niy fathor would novor consont, and I am suro you would never marry mo with out his consent.' ' I'm not ao auvo of that,' I said to jthysolf in a low voice. 'I don't want to havo any soorots from you, little woman \ so I won't pro tend that T shan't feel a good uoal happier if tho ghost does appear on Christmas Evo, as 1 havo no doubt sha ? ?will do.' 'But am I to understand thon, that over ainco your ancestress) took this ridiculous resolution, her ghost has ap poared to sanction the ongagemont of each heir of the houso in succession P ' Of course you will laugh at it,' ho jwont on in rather i\n injured way, ' but that really ia tho story. My fathor will toll you that he saw it, and his father beforo him j and 1 havn't tho slightest doubt I shall seo it on Christmas Evo. My fathor and I will sit up for tho pur pose' ' A pack of old wivoa* storioa I' I ro joined indignantly, M Look horo, Julian, I'm not going to wait for tho ghoat to refuse mo and I'm not going to marry into a family that bolievea in such non icnse,' 'Oh! aren't you P' miuUuImu, quito ialmly, 'wo tiliall moo about that, my lwvr. Yon know perfectly well that I ovo you mi much that nothing on earth vould ever induco mo to givo you up. Hntyou see how mucsh ploasantor it would bo for everybody If tho ghost gavo «fl hor blessing ana in tho ortho dox manner,' I really oven thon thought ho woa playing aom« sort ofjoko on UW, but no, ho was quite serious, and I had ac« tually to bo in that ridiculous position of being engaged and not ongaged for luoro than thrco -liiya. And Julian wwi vory carolosH iind jiooplo woro alwnya coming in and ilndmg us at different corners of iho room as if. we had Huat jnropod thoro j and ouco 1 mu certain «qq at tUoao JL)ftftvw3-£uk-ww Wwldaa; my oar as wo wont upstairs boforo dinner, Tho night boforo Christmas Evo I really folfc' almost worried out of my lifo, and when I wont up to bod 1 sent away my maid, put on my di-oasing gown, let down my hah'i and settled down in front of tho flro to havo a good cry. I had hardly bogvui, howovoiy whon thoro was a soft tap at my door and Lady Gary horsolf came in, Sho was a dear littlo old lady. At least, sho couldn't havo boon moro than forty-fivo, but that Booms old whoii you aro only oightoou. 'May I como in P' sho askod, in hor soft protty voico, and camo in at onco, shut tho aoor, and sat down opposite mo in tho other chair, 'Doar, dear, doar!' sho said,' 'Nowv whatovor is 'tho matter P' ? 'I'm tirod,' I ropliod, ' and I've got a cold iu my hoad. Lady Gary turned her oyos to tho flro and flxod them thoro. ''Such a modol of frankness . and candour 1' sho1 said slowly j 'that's what Julian said whon ho told mo ho was ongagod to you, It camoi it's truo, at tho oud of a list of your moro important qualities, bomity and sweetness and angolio charm.' Sho suddenly rafeod hor oyos to mo, and I cropi ]nuuUiftk-d to tho low stool at her foot, 'I'm very sorry,' I murmured) 'I didn't know that Julian had told you anything1, and it. soems so strange to bo ongagod and nobody to wish you happinosfl, or good luck, or anything, ana to bo doponding ou a stupid ghost ) and I think I was wishiug, whon yoxi oamo in, that thoro was somoono, that— that my mothor hadu t died whon I was quito a littlo thing.' , Lady Cory stroked my hair. ' Thoro, poor child;' 'sho said i 'thoro is someone Toli mo all about it.' ' ? .And I told hor all about it as woll as I could, and,, when I had finished sho broko out with a funny littlo laugh, 'My denr, I folt just as you do about it whon I was your ago, and Lord Cary's mothor oamo to my assistance exactly as I am coming to yours, anddsl bo Uovotholady'of tho houao has, always como to hoi' son's assistanco over siucp tho 'White Lady promised to ' walk,' It depends on you, my doar, whothor Jul ian and his father rqcoivo ft satisfactory ghostly blessing on tho ongagomont or not,' .'??;? ' '? ' 'I wasn't' crying a bit about tho ghost,' I said, hardly hearing what sho said, 'if you will only say that you' would liko mo to -bo— ' .' Of course I would, that's why I'm hero; It's my boliof that tho Lady Cnry has always had a good bit of a voico in hor son's ohoico. My clow, tho IWhito ' Lady walked beforo I was engaged, and I had to undergo 'just suoli a tirosomo probation as you aro writhing undov'.to /night, and my f uturo ? mothor«in-law showed mo how to ond it as you will end it to-morrow,' 'IP' , . ?' . ,' ? ? ,;?' ;'? 'Tosilhavo no doubt Julian told you that' on Christmas Evo tho intend ing bridegroom and his fathor, if. tho fathor bo allvo, ' aro bouud t9 watoli in tho ohapol from olovon till ,ono,' and aci'oss tho gallery at the end tho Whito Lady glides as tho olock utrikoa twolvo. You will havo to. praetiso gliding, my doar j it's a difficult art.' ' Then you moan that I— that you— ' ' I inoan that1 you must, in tho ohar acter of tho Whito Lady, , prououueo your own blessing on your owii ongago mont, as I did on inhvo, and aa I boliovo all tho ladios of Gary havo done, on theirs. It's tho secret -.of tho ladios of this houso, and I should novor havo told it to you if I hadu't boliovod that you aro tho boat wifo in the world for my Julian?' , ? ??*??'?*??.?,?:' ^''V-,1;'^:- ?, ' Thon you moan to toll mo, ? Lady Cary,' I, Raid; whou I had recovered from my delight at this littlo spoooh, ' tliat you. yoursolf played' tho part of thQg)iost in this houso.' / ' I did indeed, niy dear,' sho replied ' and it .was the bost night's work I over did,' ; ? And hor voico tremblod, and hoi1 faco lightod up with tho rocolloction of old happiness. . ,','?;?. '' ' I havo got tho dross atill, tho whito satin and the poarls, and tho veil that my mpthov-in-law gavo to mo, tli6y were mllos to big for mo, and yout shall wear them. , Tho monoro, bound i|ot to move from tho ohapol for an hour after, mid night, which is a'moroifnl provision to givo one timo to got comfortably out of tho way boforo thoy can find any traces of one. Tho way to tho gallory is rather peculiar j thoro aro two Boorot doors to pass, but I will, show you tho trick of theso to-morrow, and I will bo thoro to recolvo you whon you find your waybaolc.tp tho modern sido of tho Court. -You mustn't bo. norvous .'about it.' ' ,' ?'.,???;*? -???..? , v,;- ; - ' Norvous ! ? ? ,1 oxolaiined, ; ' there- is nothing to bp norvous about j only ono can't holp——', ' / \\. , , ' No, don't say you can't help dispis ing Julian for it. , It runs in their blood my doar, likotlioir fair hah1 and thoir blue oyos, and you must tako pooplo aa you find thorn, and mako tho bost of thorn.' Sho gavo mo anothor good kiss, and walkod off with hor bedroom candlo. Tho next night at, olovon sho camo again to my room. Sho dvossod mo in tho whito satin and poarls, and powder ed my faco thickly to givo mo tho pallid look nooos sary 'f |br my ghostly ohoTftotw, It was always tho custom at tho Court to go to bod oarly on Christmas Evo, so that by a quarter to twolvo tho houso was perfectly quiet. I took up tho heavy old-fashioned candlosticlc I was to carry, and cropt out of tho room, my whito satin and poarls covered by a dark cloak. I found tho spring Lady Cary had shown mo under a carved oak pane prossod it, tho panol turned on a pivot, I passed .in and tho panol olosod bohind mo, Thon I stood quite still, holding my breath, and listening lostauyono should havo hoard mo pass from my room to this. But tlioro was no sound —only I could hoav my own hoart boat ing. ' ? . I walked along tho passago in which I found mysolf, Tho dust lay thiokly un dor foot, so that my stops mado no noiso as I walkod, It was a narrow passago mado of rough stono- work, and a door at tho othor ond, which Btood ajar and was easily oponwl, lot mo into a part of tho houso that I had novor boon iu bo foro. It was a suito of apartmonts that had boon oooupiod by tho 'Whito Lady, and sinco hor timo, no ono olso had livod in thorn, Everything was juat aa sho had loft it, Hor garmonte and personal pos sessions woro littorod on tho tablos and chairs. Thoro was a hvto, all its strings broken out ouo j and ono stiff dross on a chair looked to mo so liko ,?a human boing that I paused for at' loast a minuto bofovo I had tho courage to go up to it and soo that it was only heavy gold brooado, Tho dull, dark tapostrios on tho wall Rwayod a littlo now and thon— with, tho wind, I supposo— but it seemed to mo that something, any thing, might bo hiddon bohind thorn. My lmnd tvomblcd bo that I could hardly hold tho candlosticlc, and tho wax of tho candlo ran in a warm stream over my flugors, Lady Cary had said J should bo norvoua, and I cortaiuly was, Than quito muldonly a thought oamo to mo that sont all tho blood rushing to my hoart and nearly ohokod mo, Sup poao Lady Gary was wrong j suppoao thoro was o, w»/3«fc rtttw nil wtiwro. was I alono in tho roonia Bftci-od to ita uro and memory. If wouldn't boar thjnging of. 1 graspod tho silver candlestick and hurried oii through tho long suite of rooms. At tho last anto-ohambov I camo to another panel liko tho ono in tho corridor, pressed a similar spring, and found mysolf on a Httlo flight of Btairs which Lady Cury had warned, mo lod divootly to tho gallory, At tho foot of this I way to wait till I hoard tho ohuroh olook begin to striko, thon to walk forward boldly aoross tho gallory, and doscond a flight of Btops at tho othor sido, whioh would load to a passage oommunicatlng with tho suito of rooms I had just loft. I didn't liko tho idea of that long, soquoncoofmouldoriugemptineflobohlnd mo, I triod to got tho panol to shut, but it wouldn't aot i it hingoa woro stiff, and I was afraid of making thorn croak, . Thoro I waitod j and if it was a wrong thing to do to docoivo my futuro hus band iu that way, I can only say I was woll punishod for it, What I sufforod in thoso flvo minutes no. ouo can boliovo who simply boos it written down horo. What I should have liked to do was to bolt baok to my room liko a rabbit and marry Julian in spito of all his father's opposition, But I havo a habit 9? wwyinff tv thing through wiion onco I haro beguu it. . Hoaidoa, I didn't want Lady Gary to .think mo a fool. So I stayod thoro with my hoavt boat ing to that dogroo that I felt aa if they could hoar it in the chapel. At last flame tho long, dull, slow stroko of tho dock. ' * I gathorod up my satin draperies, hold tho, candlo high, and walked up tho stops. It was a short flight,1 and in another momont I was in tho gallory, My ltncos woro knocking together with the doublo fear of being found put .and. of diving again out of' tho comparativo light aud safety of tho .chapel Into tho unknown depths ' of that Httlo dnrk Qtair b'oyond. Tho whito moon shono through tho windows of tho clorostovy, and thei'o wao air hero as woll ns 'light, aud movement, and human com panionship i for, as, I stopped into'1 tho gallery, I saw in tho chaucol bolow tho two figures of my lOyor and . my fathor, Thoy had two tapers 'bosido them and wato'hod as ono watches tho dead, I drew. my veil over ? my fnco, hold my candle high and wallcoclforward, I folt rat^or. than 'hoard tho hushed 'Ahl' from tlio chancel which told ,that they had scon mo. Holdhij? my oandlo high abovo mo I walkod— for in1 that hour of terror my gliding lossons vanished from my mem ory, loaving no trnco— to tho othor sido of tho gallory, and passod under iho low wooden doorway and down tho flight of stnira, ,Tho way was ouey to find and, Romohow, I folt that , tho worst was over uow. . 'i'ruo, thoro woro thoso deadly desorted rooms to travorso, but at tho ond of them, warmth, light, flro, my own room and Lady Gary, who was thoro waiting for ino. So 1 followed tho pnssago I found at :. tho foot of Iho stairs tilli't brought mo to tho sliding pauol I had boon unnblo to Bhut, which lot mo 'into tho anteroom. of tho Whito Lady's bod room, ' ' it was with asigh of rol.of that I pushod it open and passed through it., I hastened through tho dark rooms and was beginning to fcol something approaching a roturn of what I alwnys liko to.'conaidor my natural fearlessness, whon I saw that I wasn't alono. Thoro was anothor light in tho groat dark room and it was advancing towards me My ?ilrst1 thought was— Lady Gary— and 1 hurried to moot hor, Tho udxt moment I flaw the foar I had thrust from mo in 'this room ton minutea boforo had boou',do idle terror, It was not, Lady Cnry, .who was coming towards mo with oandlo in hand, up raised in a silver candlootick, It was ?not Lady ? Cary who woro satins arid poarls and a doath-whito face. ' It waa tho Wliltp Lady— tho ghost horsolf— in whoso, ohavaotor and in whoso rooms I waa madly masquorac^ug, In tho f'rantio sirugglo not to shriek, liot'to soroam, not to botrny my pro senco horo to Julian and hia fathor, my eandlo slippod from my haud, At tho samo instant tho ghost's light, too, was extinguished, and I wao alono in tho dark— in tiho rooms1 of a doad woman, with that dead woman's faco and form not throb yards from mo— in tho dark. -fAh!' I drow a long breath, Tho vo was a smoll of viuogar and Binolling salts, Somobody was rubbing my hands. It waa very oold. 'Oh Lthank God, you avo hotter.' It ?was Lady Cary who, was speaking. I opened my oyos and. looked at hor. I was in my own room, pleasant and bright with flro and lamp-light. Lady Gary, was bonding1 oyor, mo with a vpry anxious faco indeed! , , 'It's all right, my doar. You faint ed in thoso dreadful dark rooms. It must havo boon a groat trial, T know it would bo, But you aro quito Bafo now, I sat up j tho wot viuogar oloth floppod from ' my forehead as I did so, ana fell on my hands. 'Lady Cary,' I Bald) 'I havo soon tho ghost, and it oamo close to mo.' in that droadful room.' ' Your norvos aro - ovor- wrought,' anoworod Lady Cary, calmly. ' I don't wondor/ You must havo fanoiod somo bit of drapery or shadow to bo a ghoat,' ' It was as real as I inn,' I Baia i ' I thought it was you at flrsjt.- Oh, it is horriblo, most horriblo !' Lady Cary would not lot mo talk about it any moro, Sho Btayod with mo that night, and in. tho morning gavo o\\\t that I was to amwoll to como to breakfast, whioh I certainly was, and about noon sho camo \tp to my room. ' Now,' sho said, ovoryono is out skating, Havo you tho courage to como with mo to tho Whito Lady's rooms, and find out what optical Illusion it was that bo frightouod you last night.' ' Iliavo a thousand tilings to ask you,' I said. . 'How did I got baok to my room ?' ' I got uneasy about you at last, and camo to look for you,' sho answorod. ' And did you oarry mo back P' Lady Gary laughed. 'My door, it wo aro to go wo must go at onco, or wo shall havo tho maids upon us.' Sho throw a shawl round mo, and wo cvosBodtho corridor. Tho oak panol swung on its pivot, wo pnssod through and it closod bohind us, In anothor minuto wo woro In tho Whito Lady's rooms. Boon by tho dim daylight that flltored through tho cobwobbud panes, tho rooms woro moro doso^to tkau over, and almost as oorlo. But with Lndy Cary's arm round mo I could- hivvo facod.ifc ovon in tho dark, I thought, Wo passod through ono room aftor auothor, but nowhoro was thoro any thing that could by tho wildcat imagina tion mo mado to rosomblo whito Batin and poavls, and a raised arm holdiug a, lightod eandlo. Wo walkod to the further ond and thon rotrnood our stops, Lady Cary was juat saying, 'It must havo boon puro imngination,' when I caught a glimpso of something moving at tho ond of tho room— somothin whito— and stopping : short, rigid with, terror, I pointocl towards it. 'Loolcl' I Bald, 'Look thor«— thoro it ia again.' Lady Cary put up hor doublo oyo«. glass and looked ' You poor, dear, blessod littlo inno .eoaV' bIw said, '.Dau't^wu floe that H'h a loolcing-glaHS, and roflocts nothing worao than your pvotty aolf in your whito dressing gown P' ]ilvo» then I waa hardly to bo con vincod, Not till bIio lod mo up to tho glass panol and I saw my own i'urrod gown and ooarod i'aco reflcctod in ita dopths did I undorstand tho height of my own folly tho night boforo. But thon I was convinced, and Lady Cary lod mo baok to my own room to pot and coax and laugh at mo1 till 1 Blioulcl bo in a lit framo of mind to moot mylovor. Whou I won't clown to hwphoou Lord Cary roso up boforo all the company and kisae'd my forohoad, and.,woltibmod mo as his daughter and hia son's wife j and tmohboforo tho next- Christmas 13vp Ibocamo, ', /,' ,k. ' '\ It was on tho ovoning'of 'bnl-Hvodding day Lliat ^ folt I could keep my soorbt 'no longer. ' ' '.Julian,' I said, 'I hope you will forgivo me I havo something horriblo to toll you.', 1 J,' Prooood,' ho* answered,'' with a twinkle In his oyos. ? '' , ' But it really is horrible,' and I dou'.t know wholhoryou will forgivo me But Icouldu't^bear (to ,j;oll you, .boforo, for fear it Bhould intjoi'foro somohow vwith(j our marriage' ?' - ,?-?(' ' » 'Yqu rirolumo with.'susponso/'nio ropliofl, rohorafully. '.Wljat ,ia this hon!QV,tlmt might luivo.patto'd'usattho ftltar stops f' Then' 1 told 'him liow I had playod tho ghost ou Christmas Evo j and whon my talo waa ondod, I hung my hoad waiting 'hia reproaches. 'My doar littlo woman,' ho said, nnttiniy hta'fii'infl vmind inn: .'thlfl''lH» aucient history. Who do you suppose, carriod you out of tho ghost's room that' night P' * - ' Did you P Bid Lady Gary ? ' ' Of courao sho .did. You didn't sup-, poso that a dear littlo shrimp of a' woman, such a3 my mother is, could carry my big, blondo boauty P' ' Audyou aro not angry \' 'Do I look it P' ho askod. ' And you think I was right, and your mother was right P' ' Yes) swoethoart, and all tho othor fair ladios who have playod tho ghout on Christmas Kvo to win a uuporstitioua Cary for a luiaband. I. only wish wo woro bottor worth tho trouble,' As to that I havo my own opinion. [tjik.mnu.] 