WOMAN'S COMPETITION WITH MAN. That woman should be as well educated at possible goes without saying ; and that those who find it necessary to earn tbeir living should be put in a position to do so, is right and proper ; but tbet girls should be educated on the same lines as boys ; that tbej should be pushed into competi tion with men in every walk of life; and, above all, they should be taoght to |ook upon the position of wife as ignoble, and only to be accepted when else has failed, is essentially wrong and in direct anta gonism to the best interests of tbe hanoan family. If the female worker, whether politician, doctcr, clerk, or creUswoman, would forswear marriage and motherhood and be content to pley a sexless part all through lire, then the physiologist could say little against tbe coarse adopted, except that,she might have taken a line more in accordance with Natare's plan. But, when «be trie?, as-sbe does Bt present try, to be at once both man and woman, the physiologist must condemn tbe course adopted aB inimical to the welfare of humanity.— Dr. istrachan. A good story is told of »» late Dublin doctor, fp,njou« for hit skill and also his great love lor money. He had a con stant and enriching patient in an old shop keeper in Dame-street. This old lady was terribly riieemalic and unable to le -~ve her sofe. During the doctor's visit she kept a Xl-note in her. hand which duly went into Dr. C—'« pocket. One morning he found her lying dead on the sofa. Sighing deeply, the -doctor ap proached, and taking her band in his he saw the fingers closed on his fee. " Poor thing," he said, as he pock teS it, "sen sible to the last." The proprietor of a menagerie at the foot of Saltmarket in Glasgow some years ago offered two guineas to any one who would enter the cage of the lion. To wards the end of the performance a weaver walked up to the lio'n-tamer and said, " Med, X have come to earn the two guineas." General horror. The l'on tamer replied with a derisive sneer, " So you want to go into the lion's ca^e ?" " Ay, sure," eaid the cesvsr. •' Come on, then. Tbpre, I will opon the trap door for you, and you can step in." " Well, yes," answered the knight of the shuttle, tnrn'ng to the audience with - a broad grin on bin face, "I atn going in, bu? the beast wiil have to come out first. You know the paper only says. 'Any one going into the cage shall have two guineas.' " Jfcocrs of laughter and dsafen iog applause. The English benevolent lady, Baroness Burdett Contts, was attending a country board school to hear the children reply to a clergyman's queetions. The three first bey* of a class were told to answer in order when aeked' What do yon believe in—God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost.' On forming a line the first lad was asked the question. * God the Father,' he replied, * Very good,' said the clergyman, end turning to the second he said: * What dc you believe in 7 ' God the son,' was the reply. * And you,' queried the clergy man to the third toy, who said, 'No thing, air ; the boy who was to have believed in the Holy Ghost had the stomach-ache and had to st»p at home.' Grocer:—" What have yon been doing in the cellar so long Y' Grocer's Ap prentice :—" I have been cleaning ont the treacle measure. It was so cheked up that it didn'tg old] mom'n half a quart." Grocer:—" Oh, that's what you've been doing, have yon f Well, you take your hat and go home, end tell your father to put too. into the tract-distributing business. Yoo ain't fitted for the grocery fcrad^ A ladr in Hong Kong engaged a Chinese. When the Celestial came, among other things she asked bis dame. " My name," said tbe Ohinaman, smiling, "Wang Hang Ho." "Ob, J can't re member all that," said the lady ; " I will have to call yon John." Next morning when John oame up to get his orders, he smiling all t>ver and looking inqoiringly at his mistress asked: " What your name ?" ' " My name is Mrs Melville London," "Me ne memble all that," said John.- " Chinaman he no savey Missus Membul Landon — I call you Tommy." The Queen's Christmas presents (o ber do'r.es'ics ~ have always consisted of some piece of sil ver plate of their-own choosing op to a certain value. - The present is still given with the " best wishes of the Queen end Prince Consort," Some of the Christmas cards sent by the Queen to ber more bumble neighbours jab Balmoral oontain a kindly, greeting or text of Soriptare written by her own hand. The new clock for St Paul's Cathedral was set coing by the daughter of the Dean, after a brief dedication service. " Great Paul." the bell which now strikes the houra and quarters, weighs 5£ tons, while Big Ben weighs 14 tons. The dials of St. PanJ's clock are 17ft. in di ameter, the. hammer which strikes the bell weighs 2cwt, and the pendulum is i i5tt. Jong, the weight being 7cwt. Several mislaid addressed newspapers ] have been discovered daring some altera tions at the London General Post Office, and after 27 years' detention have been forwarded to their destination. Christmas cards were extensively pat ronised last year. Many millions passed through the post in London. The Man chester postal authorities dealt with two and a half millions—an increase of 5 per cent, when compared with last year. A titled iBdy, recently married, sought ! to recover some love-letters which she | had addressed to a gentleman to whom she was at one time engaged. She broke off the engagement, she said, because she considered her old lover was only after her money. The Judge held that the gentleman was justified in keeping the letters, which refuted the lady's imputa tion. Id a case at Bow-street relating to the , ownership of eome jewellery, it was stated that the lady, kuown. as the " Diamond Qaeen," wore bracelets on her legs as well as her arms. An attempt is being made to reopen the Maybrick case, evidence in favour of Mrs Maybrick having, it is stated, been discovered. A captain who has been travelling round the world, and has not heard ot the case, will, it is said, come forward and swear that he had seen Mr Maybrick mix arsenic with his food: A plot, it is said, has been discovered in Kansas to kidnap Miss Cleveland, eldest danghter of the American Presi dent, in order to claim a heavy ransom. Two women were implicated in the plot The known murders in America in 12 months numbered 6790. In five years 1,042 supposed murderers were lynched. A medical contemporary has been defending plum-pudding as an indulgence that even dyspeptics need not avoid. Merry-making and the " go" and " aban don" of Christmastide is, we are told, a fine medicine. The French are considering what to do with the 100,000 francB left some time ago by a lady as a prize to the person who ■ucceeded in communicating with the inhabitants ot the plant Mars. Some 4,000 missing heirs or relatives have been advertised for during 1893, among them the next-of-skin of a man whose estate is valued at £678,839, and who died a widower, without a child or parent, brother or sister, ancle or aunt, nephew or niece. The recipients of the Queen's decoration tor volunteers of 20 years' efficient service number about 10,000. A new style of boy's trousers has been invented, with a copper seat, sheet- iron knees, rivetted down the seams, and waterproof pockets to hold broken eggs and worms for fishing. " I did your book a good tarn in last week's paoer," said the critic to the author. " Indeed!" said the author. "Yes," answered the critic; "I didn't mention it." Mr Smith is not very modest in his estimate of the work of the Railway Com missioners, of whom he is Chairman. The Hon. the Treasurer says our rail ways pay better than those of the United Kingdom. 