THE UNITY OF THE CHURCH. < Cardinal Mohan's Pastoral Letter. We. take the following extracts from the .pastoral letter of the Cardinal- Archbishop •of Sydney:— THE SACRED SCRIPTURES. Need I remark that among the various Protestant denominations the dissensions in the matter of the sacred scriptures are no less destructive of their first principles •of faith. Three centuries ago it was re garded as a primary maxim among the English Reformers that the very words of the bible were inspired. Step by step the promoters of Anglicanism have receded from that position, till at the present day no two among them can be found to agree as to what is the teaching of their church regarding the Scripture. It is within the remembrance of many that a bishop of the Anglican Church propounded the theory that the greater portion of the sacred scripture was not inspired, and the highest tribunals in the kingdoiii decided that he was quite within his rights in doing so. The higher criticism of the present day goes still further, and will make us believe that the olden ideas of the so-called Re formers regarding the inspiration of the sacred books were little better than a de lusion or an empty dreaih, and that our Anglican brethren may be well content if even a fragment of the bible be recognised as a truthful narrative. An eloquent speaker at the Hobart Congress a few weeks ago piously exclaimed, "Higher criticism has robbed us of our gospels." And yet the exponents of the higher criti cism hold some of the most responsible offices in the Universities and in the Angli can Church. To what source, then, are Protestants to have recourse that they may learn the truths of Divine Faith. An au thoritative exponent of the Reformation principles has declared that "the bible •and that only, interpreted by our reason is the religion of Protestants." Now the bible by their own leaders is ruthlessly snatched from their hand; whither there fore, shall they turn ? Is not their case precisely that which the Apostle describes when he speaks of the unhappy lot of those who have forfeited the unity of the faith, and are tossed about with the winds of every varying doctrine, by the tempests of hu man passion, and by the deceit and cunning of designing men ? "variety in unity." There is a fanciful theory, indeed, which was held of old by some Calvinists in France, and which being exploded there, .has of late been proposed by a leading ex ponent of Protestant ideas in the United States. The various conflicting theories and sects of Protestantism, he contends, contribute to its beauty and add weight to its claims of a divine mission. And hence it is, as he remarks, that precisely in the most progressive and active nations, Eng land and the United States, he might have added Australia, too, we find the greater number of those conflicting sects and every variety of Protestant denominations. " Variety in unity," he adds, is a principle of perfection in the domain of nature and of history; why should it not also prevail in the Christian Church ? So, too, he says, "'there is no -harmony without many sounds, and a garden encloses all kinds of flowers." But this enthusiastic admirer of the modern-Reformation seems to forget that it is not variety in unity, but variety without unity that the history of the con flicting sects- of Protestantism presents, some affirming as divinely taught and true what others reject as diabolical inventions and false. It is hot every multiplicity of sounds, that produces harmony, and it is precisely on such inharmonious and con flicting lines that the,various Protestailt, theorists proceed..1 Sp, too, in 'many an en closure, .itis not choice flowers with their varied beauty that attract ub, but we find repulsive weeds and briars in their mani fold - deformity. It must ever remain a vain attempt to blend together- the discor dant elements -of the Protestant sects, or to harmonise, their conflicting theories, for the teachings of Divine Faith cannot be at the , Bame, time true and false, rejected as erro neous andembracedasdivine,-. .■/ . ,!" THE UNIVER6A1. CHuhcH. What -A: contrast does the Catholic •Church present'to the ebnflicting theories and. the ever varying phasesofreligiOus hfsvf those who are outside her pile, She -stands heforeL the. wprld array ed- in - the comeliness t)f -virtue as* the chosen spouse of jChristf7^erbrow;a4orned with:the dia dem of divine truth. ' Fearlessly she pro claims before a. hosMe "world her commis sion to be the representative' of 'Christ on earth, and to preserve-to- mankind till the epd of time the < inheritance of his bles sings. Though spread' throughout every nation, she yet maintains a'perfect'unity in her teaching, in her sacramental life, in the worship , that is offered to God. Even those who "raise their voice in enmity against her cannot fail to recognise this sublime attribute, and'they go : so far as to com mend the. unity of the Catholic Church as a model which the conflicting sects of Pro testantism would do .well to emulate. Her grand communion spans the whole earth, and yet her children, whilst differ ing in everything else, are in matters of religion of one mind, one belief, one hope. She is to be found in every known land, ' leading every tribe' and every tongue to give glory to the Most High. In the' ice bound regions of Alaska and Labrador, and on the inhospitable coasts of Tierra del Fuego, as in pur own fair sunny lands, her missionaries will he everywhere found spreading out the kingdom of Our Blessed Lord. In the East and in the West, in the islands of the Pacific and in the forests of Central Africa, in the old centres of civili zation and in the newest Republics re joicing in the freedom and freshness of youth, the church is ever the same —preaching the lessons of heavenly wis dom alike to the rulers and their subjects, to the rich and the poor, lifting up the fallen, extending to the outcast her mer ciful embrace, unfolding the beauty of divine truth to the pure of heart, pro claiming to us all our brotherhood with the Redeemer, and enriching us with the in heritance of His graces. All her children, no matter what their language and con dition of life, whether they be free citizens of a Christian State, or receiving in their rude wigwams the first rudiments of civi lization, or suffering all the hardships of exile for the faith in Siberia, all alike obey the supreme spiritual authority of the successor of St. Peter, all worship at the same altar, believe the same divine truths, and are sanctified by the same sacraments. In her communion is found every blos som of cheering hope, every richest fruit of peace and spiritual joy for which the human heart can yearn. No other unity like hers can anywhere be seen. The powers of this world have assailed her; all the devices of Satan have been brought to bear against her, yet she has withstood them all. In the ways of men she is weak ness itself, yet strengthened by the pro mise of Christ, " I am with you all days," she is fearless amid every assault. As she lias come forth victorious from every con flict in the past, she serenely advances to wards the future, confident that her triumph shall endure from age to age, and shall never cease to glory to the Most High. In the Catholic Church, the words of the Prophet have been fulfilled. "Thy gates shall be open continually: they shall not be shut day or night, that the strength of the Gentiles may be brought to thee and their kings may come And the children of them that afflict thee shall come bowing down to thee, and all that slandered thee shall worship the steps of thy feet, and shall call the the city of the Lord, the Sion of the Holy one of Israel." (Is. lx., 2.) And again. " No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that resisteth thee in judgment thou shalt condemn." (Ib. liv., 17.) It was not after the fashion of hu man wisdom or of earthly power that Our Saviour instituted His Church to be the channel of the blessings of redemption to man. It is not from the riches or the wis dom of the world, but from Him alone that all her lifegiving graces flow; from Him proceed all the authority and dignity with which she is equipped. All merely human organisations are subject to the vicissi tudes of time, and to gradual decay, and when they have fulfilled their destiny they, of their own weight, fall to the ground. But the Church is founded by Christ, to whom is given all power in heaven and on earth; and is quickened by the Holy Ghost, who abides with her for ever. Thus she bears with her the seal and sanction of heaven, and holding aloft the standard of redemption, till the end of time her mis sion cannot fail. SUBVrviNO ALL PERSECUTIONS. By a singular feature in the church's mission God in His mercy so overrules the thoughts and deeds of evil-designing men that all their assaults only add to her strength and give new glory to His name. The persecutions of the first three cen turies only resulted in the whole Roman Empire being gathered into her fold. The heresies and sects that went forth from her communion in the fourth century caused her teaching to shine before the world in brighter light. The barbarian nations that rushed in upon the fated empire to trample out every spark of religion and civilization little thought that they were being led to receive at the church's hands the waters of regeneration and the birth to Christian life.. The fierce tempests that. swept over the domain of Holy Church at the Refor mation period only ./served. to clear the atmosphere, and to separate the chaff from the good grain. Sq It is that from age to age the church piupties her onward course, unfolding more «§[• more tlie metcjful designs of God iningard to man. During the present century how many'times have her enemies foretold that her course wis rntt and that herehd'wasAt hand f Their wish indeeid inspired their prophecy, for it is a glorious prerogativC'of the one true chiirch that - when -wicked 'meh' seek : to spreadcorruption areund them, their dead liest .shafts -axe aimed! her' destruction. Yet now~at theelble ofthe nineteenth cen tnrywho will day shes has been bvercome ? Is she not as fearless to-4ay,and as confi dent in the Bedeemer's promise, as when the legions of Imperial^ Rome first bowed down before the Btandard:of the cross ? As in the past, so in the present, her energies are devoted to uphold the principles of Christian civilization, and to strengthen the1 foundations on which morality and social order rest. Even the sovereigns and statesmen that have combated against her hive been forced to acknowledge her power and to fear her if they do not love her. VICTORIES AND TRIUMPHS. Through the same marvellous unity of the church we may regard as our own the victories and triumphs of the faith in past ages. The countless martyrs who joyfully offered up their lives in witness of their fidelity to our Blessed Lprd are oiir bro thers ; their heroism, which won the admi ration of their Pagan persecutors, their love which was stronger than death, their patience which overcame the world, their hope which amidst the most cruel torments intoned canticles of glory to the Most High, form part of our rich inheritance. So, too, we rejoice in the general achieve ments of the missionaries of mediaeval times. They went forth from their tranquil abodes of piety to bring into the fold of Christ nations that know not God, and they im parted to them together with the teachings of heavenly truth all the purest blessings of true civilization and of Christian life' " How beautiful are the feet of those who evangelize good tidings, who evangelize peace." Those champions of the cross are our fellow citizens. Their trophies and their triumphs are ours. And so it is through the marvellous unity of the church that ah that was best and brightest and most glorious in the past eighteen cen turies, the virtues of the cloister, the aus terities of the desert, the peace and perfec tion of domestic life, the motherly charity extended to the poor, the mercy shown to sinners, the loving care of the widow and the orphan, the shelter of the oppressed, the repose found in her sanctuaries by the weary of heart, the untiring watch fulness in the education of youth, all these form part of the church's rich store of merit, and are our inheritance as co-heirs of our Blessed Lord. We should never cease to return thanks to God for the manifold blessings which He has thus vouchsafed to us in Holy Church. It should, moreover, be our constant prayer that those who are separated from us may, through the mercy of our Blessed Lord, be made participators of the same priceless blessings, so that the truths of divine faith may shine the more brightly before men, and all who profess to be followers of Christ may offer to God the homage of their hearts in the " one fold, under the one Shepherd." 