k Terrible Mystery. (Commencedin our issue of 5th May.) PART nr. I.—At Madame Mirebeau's, Oxford Street. II.—Edith. III.—How they Met. IV.—How they Parted. V.—The Telling of the Secret. VI.—The Last Ending of the Tragedy. VII.—Two Years After. VHL—Forgiven or—Forgotlon t IX.—Saying Good-by X.—The Seoond Bridal. XL—The Night. XII.—The Morning. CHAPTER I.—AT MAHAVH MIBE- BEAXT'S OXFORD STBEET. Half-past four of a delightful June afternoon, end two young ladies sit down at two, large lace- draped windows, overlooking a fashionable Mayfair Btreet, alternately glancing over the books they hold, and listlessly watching the passers-by. The house was one of those big black WeBt-JEnd houses, whose outward darkness/and dismal nets is in direot ratio to their inward brilliance and splendor.. This particular room is lofty and long, luxurious with softest carpet, satin upholstery, pictures, flowers, and lace draperies. The - two young ladies are, with the exception of their bonnets, in elegant carriage oosttune. \- Young ladies, IJhave said; and being unmarried, they are young ladies, of course. One of them, however, is three-and-thirty, counting by actual years,—the peerage gives it in cold blood. It is the Lady Gwendoline Drexel. Her companion is the Honorable Mary Howard, just nineteen, and just" out." Lady Gwendoline yawns drearily over her book—Algernon Swineburne's latest—and pulls out her wfetch impatiently every few minutes. " What can keep Portia ?" she exclaims, with irritation. "We should have been gone the last half-hour." The Honorable Mary looks up from her Parisian fashion-book, and glances from the window with a smile. " Restrain your impatience, Gwendoline," she answers. " Here comes Lady Portia now." 1 A minute later the door is fluDg wide by a tall gentleman in plush, and Lady Portia Hampton sweeps in. She is a tall, slender lady, very like her sister: the same dully fair complexion, the same coiffure of copper-gold, the same light, inane blue eyes. The dull complexion wears at this moment an absolute flush ; the light, lack-lustre eyes, an absolute sparkle. There is something in he look, as she sails forward, that makes them both look up-expoctantly from their books. " Well?" Lady Gwindoline says. " Gwen!" her sister exclaims—absolutely exclaims—"whom do you suppose I have met ? " "The Cearina of all the RuBBias, Pio Nino, Her Majesty back from Osborne, or the Man in the Moon, perhaps," retorts Lady Gwendoline. "Neither," laughs Lady Portia.- " Somebody a great deal more mysterious and interesting than any of them. Ton never will guess whom." j " Being five o'clock of a sultry summer day, I don't intend to try. Tell us at once, Portia, and let us go." " Then—prepare to be surprised! Sir Victor Oatheron!" "Portia!" "Ah! I thought the name would interest you. Sir Viotor Oatheron, my dear, alive and in the flesh, though, upon my word, at first sight I almost took him to be his own ghost. Look at her, Mary," laugh her sister, derisively. " I haye managed to interest her, after all, have I not? " for Lady Gwendoline sat erect, her turquoise eyes open to their widest exten£ a look akin to excitement in her apathetio face. " But, Portia—Sir Victor! I thought it was an. understood thing he did not come to England ?" "He does, it appears. I certainly had the honopr and happiness of shaking hands with him not fifteen minutes ago. I wasdriving up St. James-street, and caught a glimpse of him on the steps of Teuton's Hotel. At first sight, I could not credit mv eyes. I had to look again* to see whether it were a wraith or a mortal man. Such a pallid shadow of his former self. You used to think him rather handsome, Gwen— you. should see him now! He has grown ten years older in as many months—his hair is absolutely streaked with grey, Ins eyes are sunken, his cheeks are hollow. He lookB miserably, wretchedly ont of health. If men ever do break their hearts," said Lady Portia, going over to a large mirror and surveying herself," then that misguided young man broke his on his weddingday." " It serves him right," said Lady Gwendoline, her pale eyes kindling. " I am almost glad to hear it." Her • faded face wore a Strang sombre and vindictive look. Lady Portia, with her head on'one side, set her bonnet-strings geometrically straight, and smiled maliciously. " Ah, no doubt—perfectly natural, all things considered. And yet, even you might pity the poor fellow to-day, Gwendoline, if you saw him. Mary, dear, is all this Greek and Hebrew to you ? Tou were in your Parisian pensionnat, I remember, when it all happened. You don't know the romantio and mysterious story of 8ir Victor Oatheron, Bart." " I never heard the name before, that I recall," answered Miss Howard. " Then pine in ignorance no longer. T This young hero, 8ir Victor Catheron of Oatheron Royals, Cheshire, is our next door neighbour, down at home, and one year ago the handsome, happy, honored representative of one of the oldest families in the county. His income was large, his estates unencumbered, his manners charming, his morals unexceptionable, and half the yottng ladies in Cheshire "—with another malicious glance at her sister—"at daggers-drawn for him. There was the slight drawback of insanity in the family—his father died insane, and in his infancy his mother was murdered. But these were only trifling spots on the sun, not worth a second thought. Our young sultan had but to throw the handkerchief, and his obedient Circassians would have flown I grow quite eloquent, don't I? In an evil hour, however,' poor young Sir Victor—he was but twenty-three—went over to America. There, in New York, r he fell in with a family named Stuart, common rich people, of course, as they all are over there. -In the Stuart family there waB a young person, a sort of cousin, a Miss Edith Darrell, very poor, kept by them out of charity; and, lamentable to relate, with this young person poor Sir Viotor fell in love. Fell in love, my dear, in the moat approved oldfashioned style, absurdly and insanely in love, brought the whole family over to Cheshire, proposed to little missy, and, as a matter of course, was eagerly acoepted. She was an extremely pretty girl, that I will say for her'—with a third sidelong glance of malice at her passie sister—'and her manners, considering her station, or rather, her entire lack of station, her poverty, and her nationality were something quite extra- ordinary. I declare to you she positively held her own with the best of us —except for a certain brwqutne and outspoken way about her, you might have thought her an English girl of our own class. He would many her,: and the wedding-day was fixed, an Gwendoline named as chief of the bridesmaids." It is fifteen minutes past five, Portia,' the cold voice of Gwendoline broke in. ' If we are to drive at all' to day ' Patience, Gwen! patience, one moment longer! Mary must hear the whole story now. In the Stuart family, I forgot to mention, there was a young man, a cousin of the bride-elect, with whom—it was patent to the dullest apprehension—tliis young person was in love. She acoepted Sir Viotor, you understand, while this Mr. Stuart was her lover; a common case enough, and not worthy of . mention exoept for what came after. His manners were rarely perfect too. He was, I think, without exception, the very handsomest and moBt fascinating man I ever met. You would never dream that he was an American. Gwendoline will tell you the same. The sister was thoroughly transatlantic, talked slang, said "I guess," spoke with an accent, and looked you through and through with an American girl's broad stare. The father and- mother were common, to a degree; but the son—well, Gwen and I both came very near losing our hearts to him,didn't we, dear?' ' I peak for yourself,' was Gwen's ungracious answer. 'And, oh! for pity's sake, Portia, ont it short!' ' Pray go on, Lady Portia I' said Miss Howard, looking interested. ' I am going on,' said Lady Portia. ' The nioe part is to come. The Stuart family, a month or more before the wedding, left Cheshire and came up to London—why, we can only surmise—to keep the foveas apart Immediately after their departure the bride-elect was taken il), and had to be earned off!to Torquay for change of air and all that. The wedding-day was postponed until some time in October, but at last it came. Sho looked very beautiful, I must say, that morning,, and perfectly self- possessed-; but poor SirTictor! he was ghastly. Whether even then he suspected something, I do not know; he looked a picture of abjjset misery at the altar and the breakfast. Something was wrong; we all saw that; but no explanation took place there. The happy pair started on their weddingjourney down into Wales, and that was the last we ever saw of them. What followed we knowbut until to-day I have never set eyes on the bridegroom. The bride, -I suppose, none of us will ever set eyos on more.' {To be continued.) 