TEE HOfiEOB OF STODEST- ' A DOGTOB S STOR¥ v I w in my consoltin^-room -oMfK^ning, aud had just said good-bye t / , ^ t of my patients, when my servant 'JU&B; in and told mo that a lady tad railed jrtro jfceased very eirntsiUy foc an intervie»vwieh»e- " 1 told her thatyou wwGjjfeat, going oat, sir," said the man, "f^rfrfm gaw the carriage at tie DOOR ; but BHA BEGGW to Bee TOO, if only for two minutes. ÏKais her card. " Ifead Hie words, ,c Studley." " Show her in," Ï Bsid hastily, and tha next momenta tatt, «Hgkfly-maïle, f*ir-haired gici entered the room. Bhe looked vory yCteg, scarcely more than "Wanly, ariîl I -could Isardly believe that Bhe •was, what her in dilated, a married «omis. Tile color rushéd into har cheats as sfce "held oat her inuf&'to me. I motioned bee to » chair, attd thee "asked her «?ha£ I coaM do for her. *' Oh, you'ean help me," the said, clssping htx handsandspeaking in a>lightly tfw>alTiaal •manner. "Ï£y husband, Sir Henry Studley, ia vary anwsK, and I warit yon ts «one to Mebim—'Wïn yon?—will you ?" " With pleasure," I replied. "Wbcre do ywtKve?*' " At Sfcadley Grange, in Wfltekire. Don't ysa kntfWour place ?" " Iferesay I ought to know it, 1 " I "replied, although at the present raomsiît I can't recall'-tie name. You want we to come to eee ytter husband. I presume you wish me to 'hare a consultation with, feis medical atteridjt^ ?" "Î-Jo, no, not at all. rhef«*ïa, Sir Henry lias not got a medical attendent. He dislikes, «facteta, and won't eee one. 2 want you 'to «some and etav with us for» week or so. I ibtfaB heard of you Q^tngh mutual "friends—- theOnslowB. I knowy»*tCKi «ffêot rômark- «Ade cures, and you have agreot'deal of tact. Set yon can't possibly Aa anything formy -inisband unless you are -willing'to-stay in the blouse and to notice hiasymptoms." Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis ^&nd; earnestness. Hec long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had -drawn off her gloves, and was bending iorward in her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless bhie -eyes were fixed imploringly on my face. " I love my husband,"" -ghe-said, tears suddenly filling there.—" and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him suffer ah fee does. He will die unless someone comes to his aid. Oh, I know I an asking -sti immense thing, when I bee of yce to fears all yonr patients and come to t^s country. But we can pay. Money is no objeet whatever to us. We «an, we will, gladly pay you for your services." "I must tfeinkthe 'matterover,"'I said. " You flatter we by wishing for me, and by believing thst I 'can 'render vmi assistance, hot I oacnoc taken f>tep "of this kind in a hurry. I will *rrite •o\\-ft?n by to-night's post if you wiil give 'me your addre»s. In the meantime, -kindly reil me gome of the symptoms of S-rr Henry's malady." " I fear it is a "milady of the mind," she answered immediately, «• hue it is of so vivid and so startKng a character, that unless nelief is eoon obtained, the body mu-t give way under -tite -stmin. ' You see that 1 am very youatg, î')r Halifax. Perhaps I look younger tihan il -am—mv ace i* twenty- two. My husband is twenty year- tny senior. He would, fcowerer, be considered by most "people still a young man. He is a great scholar, and -has always had more or less the habits of a reclas?. 'He-is-fond of living in his library, and likes-nothing better than to be surrounded by books i>f «ill-sorts. Every model E book -worth reading is "forwarded to him by dta;pubii*her. 3?e is a very interesting man und -a brilliant • conversationalist. Perhaps !• ought to-put all this in the past tense, for now he scarcely ever speaks—he Heads next to Eothing—it is difficult to persuade him to eat—hewili not leave the house —he used to have-a ratherruddy complexion —he is now deadly pale and tembly ama- «atoà. He sU;hsin the most heartrending manner, and teems to be in a state of extreme -n«rvons tension. In short, he is very ill, and • yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eves have a terribly «tartled expression in them—hi* hand trembles so that lie can scarcely raise a cup of tea to his lips, in short, he looks like a man' who hag seen a^ghost." " W hen did these symptoms begin to apasked. "It is -raid winter no«-," said Lady Stndiey. "The qoeer eymptomg began te show themselves in my husband in'October. They have been growing worse and worse. In short, 1 can stand them no longer," she continued, giving way to a short, hysterical sob. "I felt I must come to someone— 1 have heard of yen. Do, '-do come and save ns. Do come and lind oci what ia the matter with my wretched husband. ' ' "I will-write to you to- night," Isiid,in-ae kind a voice as I could master, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. " It may not be posfible forme to stay at Studley <Jrange for a week, but in any case I can promise to come and see the patient. One visit •will probably be -sufficient—what your husband wants is, no doubt, complete change." " Oh, yes, yes," she replied, standing cp now. «' I have said so scores of times, but Sir Henry won't stir from -Studley—nothing will induce him to go away. He won't even leave his own special bedroom, although i expect he has dreadful nights." Two hectic -epotB burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. I looked at her attentively. " You -will forgive me for speaking, 11 1 said, "but you do not look at all well yourself. Ï fihould like to prescribe for vou' as well as your husband." " Thank you," she answered, "lam not "very strong. I never have been, but that ia nothing—I mean that my health is not a thinfr of consequence at present. Well, I must not take up any more of your time. 1 shall expect to get a letter from you tomorrow morning. Please address it to 'Lady "-Stndiey, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria." She touched my hand with fingers that burnt like a living coal and left the room. I thought her-very ill, and vas sure that if i I could see my-way to spending a week'Ut Stndiey Grange, I-ahonld have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully thinking matters over, I-resolved to comply with Lady Stodley's request. Aceorcliriciy, two days later -saw me on my -way to Wiltshire and to Studley Grange. A brougham with two smart horses was waiting, at the station. To my surprise 1 \- saw that Lady-Studley had come herself to letch me. " I don't know how to thank you," she said, giving me a feverish clasp of her hand. " Your visit fiEa . me with hope—X believe that you will discover what is really wrong. Home !" she-said, giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the window of the carriage. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and Aa con tinned " I -oamB to meet 'yon to-day to tell yon that I have used a little guile with regard to your visit. I have not told -Sir Henry that Tou are coming here • in the capacity of a «loctor." Here she Daused and gave me one of her restless glances. "Do you. mind ?" she asked. " What have you said about me to Sir Jlenry ?" I inquired. "That you are a great friend of the Onelows, and that I have asked yon here for • a week's change,'* she answered immediately. "Asa guest, my husband will be polite and delightful to you—as a doctor, he would treat you with scant civility, and wonld probably give yon little rr nose of his confidence." I was quite silent for a moment after Lady Stndiey had told me this. Then I said ' " Had I 1 known that I was not to come to yonr house in the capaoity of a medical man, I mitrht have re-considered my earnest desire te fcelp, you.'" She/turned very pale when I B&id; this, and tears filled her eyes. " Never »Hjd,"iI-said-cow, for I could not bat be touched but by her extremely -pathetic end Buffering face, by the lode -of grot •fllnRHB which wBfi manifested in eveiy glance. " Never mind now ; l am glad yon bave told me exactly the terms on which you wish me to approach your husband ; but I think that I can so put matters to Sir Henry that he will be glad to COSBOU «ne in my -medical-capacity:" "Oh, but he does not even know that I «inspect his illness. It would never do for bim to know. I suspect! I see! X fear! but I Bay nothing. -Sir Henry would be •Booh more miserable than he is now, if he thought that 1 gnessed that therç is anything wrong with him." "It in impossible for me to come to the -Çrange «xoept as a -medical man," I an- ] ewered firmly. "d will tell Xir Henry that j ^ou hafe seen aome changes in irim, find isve askad me to visit him &a; a doctor. < •i'Jtaae tragi me, Nothing will be said ta j ybnr husband that can make matters at till XmoomfortaWe for yon.*' . Lady Studley did not venture any farther ! remonstrance, and we bow approached the old Orange. It was an irregular pile, bailt evidently according to the wants of the different families who had lived in it The building was long and rambliag, with rows of windows filled up with panes oi latiioo glass. In front of the house was a sweeping lawn, which, even at this time of the year, presented a velvety and weU-kept appearance. We drove rapidly round to the entranoe door, and a moment later I found myself in the pmeeoce of my host and patient. Sir Henry Sbadîey waa a tall man with a very slight stoop, and an aquiline nose and rather noble faoe. His «yen were dark, and his forehead inefeed to be bald. There was h courtly, old-world sort of iook «bout him. He greeted me with extreme friendliness, and we went into the hall, a Teiy large and lofty aoactment, to tea. ' Lady Studley was vivacious end lively in the- extreme. While Ao talked the hectic fjpots came out again on her cheeks. My uneasinoss about her increased as I noticed these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only conscmptivBj but in «U probability -she waa even now the victim-rf an advanced stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious about her than abont her husband, who appeared to me at that momeat to be nothing^ moi» than a somewhat nexvousand hypochondriacal person. This state of things seemed easy to ascoant for in a «aholar and a man-<rf sedentary habita. I remarked abont the age of the house, «ad my host became interested, and told me osoor two stories of the old inhabitants of the Grange. He said that-to-morrow he would havevrach pleasure cn 'taking me over the bail£ing. "Save you a ghost here?" I askod, witha laugh. I don't know whKS, prompted me to the question. The meJnant I did go Sir Henry tensed white to his lipg, and JjadySfadley held np a warning finger to me to intimate that 1 was on dangerous ground. 1 felt that I was, and hastened to divert the conversation into safer channels. Inadvertantly I had touched on a eore spot. I ecarcely regretted having done so, as the flash in the baronet's tronbled eyes, and the extreme agitation of his face, Bhowed me plainly that Lady Studley was right when she spoke of his nerveB being in a very irritable condition. Of course, I did not believe in ffbosts, and wondered that a man of Sir Henry's calibre could be at all under the influence of this "old-world fear. " I am sorry that we have no one to meet you," he said, after a few remarks of a commonplace character had divided us from the ghost question. " But to-morrow several friends ara coming, and we hope you will have a pleasant time. Are you lond of hunting? " 1 answered that 1 used to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied all my thoughts. "Ifthis-open -weather continues, I can probably give you some of your fivorite pastime," rejoined Sir Henry ; ' ' aod now perhaps you would like to be Ehown to your room.' My bedroom was m a modern wing of .the house,-and looked as cheerful aud asunghostlike as it was possible for a Voom to be. I did not rejoin my host and hostess until dinnerrime. We had a sociable little meal, at which nothing of any importance ooenrred, &nd; shortly after the servants withdrew. Lady Studley left Sir Henry and me to ourselv^. She gave me another warning glance as she left the room. I had- already quite made up my mind, however, to tell Sir Henry the motive of my visit. •SThe moment the door closed behind his wife, he started up and ttsked me if I would mind coming with him into his library. "The fact is," he esid, "I am particularly, glad you have come down. I want to have a talk with you about my wife. She is extremely unwelL" I signified my willingness to listen to anything Sir -Henry -might say, and in a few minutes we found ourselves comfortably established in a splendid old room, completely «clothed with books from ceiling to floor. " Thesearemy treasures,"snid the baronet, waving his hand in the direction of an old bookcase, -which contained, I saw at a glanee, some very rare and precious first éditions. ' ' These are my friends, the companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr Halifax ; make yourself at home. You have -come here as aguest, bjit I have heard of you before, and axa inclined to confide in you. 1 mast frankly Bay that I hate your profession as a rule. I don't believe iu the omniscience of medical men, but moments come in the lives of all men when it is necessary to unburden the mind to another. Hay I give you my oonSdence ?" "One moment first," Isaid. "I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I havecome here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has been anxious about you, and she begged of me to come and stay here for a few days in order to render you any medical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way hereto-day, that Bhe had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit." While -I was speaking, Sir Henry's faoe became extremely watchful, eager and tense. "This is remarkable," he said. "So Lncilia is anxious about me P I was not aware that I ever gave her the least clue to the fact that I am not —in perfect health. "This is very-strange—ii troubles me.'' He looked agitated. He placed one lonp, thin hand on ttie little table which stood near, and pouring ont a glass of wine, drank it oft. I noticed as he did BO the nervous trembling of his hand. I glanced at his face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. - " Well,''he said, "I am obliged to yon for being perfectly frank with me. jMy wife Boarcely did well to conceal the object of your visit. But now that you have come, I shall make use of you both for mveelf and for her." " Then you are not well ?" I asked. "Well!" he answered, with almost shout. "Good God, no! I think 1 am going mad. I know—I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or become a ra ving maniac. " "No, nothing of the kind," I answered, soothingly ; "you probably want change. This is a fine old house, but dull, no doubt, in winter. Why don't you go away ?—to the Riviera, or some other place where there is plenty of sunshine ? Why do you stay here? The air of this place is too damp to be good for either you or your wife. Sir Henry sat silent for a moment, then he said, in. a terse voice :— " Perhaps yon will advise me what -to do after you know the nature of the malady which afflicts me. First of all, however, I wish to speak of my wiie." " I am ready to listen," I replied. "You sefi," he continued, "that she -is very delicate ï " " Yes,"" -I -replied; "to-be frank-with you, I should say that Lady Studley- was consumptive. ' ' He started when I said <thi?, and pressed his lips firmly together. After a moment ha spoke. •• You are right," he replied. " 1 had her examined by a medical man—Sir Joseph Dunbar—when I was last in London ; he said her lungs were cansiderably affected, and that, in ehort, she was far from well." " Did he not order yon to winter abroad ' "He did, but iiady Stndiey opposed the idea so strenuously that 1 was obliged to yield to her entreaties. Consumption does not seem to take quite the ordinary form with her. Ghe is restless, she longs for cool air, sbe goo8 out on quite oold days, in a closed carriage, it is true. Still, except at nigh£,she does not regard herself in any sense as an invalid. She has immense «pirii—I think .she will keep up until she .dies." " Yon speak of her being an invalid at night," I replied. " What are her symptoms Ï" Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awful nights," he answered. "How happy would many poor mortals be but ior the terrible time of darkness. Lady Stodloy had dreadful nights fin; tome time ; perspirations, oough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest of it. But I mast hasten to tell yon my story quite briefly. In the beginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dunbar, 1 should then, by his advice, have tak&n; Lady Stndiey to the Biviera, hut she opposed the idea with such passion aad distress, that I abandoned it." Sir Henry paused, here, and I lookad at him attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had raid abont her husband refasmg to leave the Grange under any circumsta&oes.; What a strange game of cross^nrpoaee these two were play- j ing. How was it possible for me to get at : the ixuihf \ 1 At my wife's earnest request," con tinned Sir Henry-, "we returned to the Grange.She declared bar firm intention of remaining here until ehe died. 1 Soon after our xehtiftehe suggested that we should oocnpy Bep^ps-te rooms at night, tentmding me, when die made the request, of the inféodons nature of consumption. I : complied with her wish on condition that $ «slept in the room next hers, and that t>n the smallest emergency I ehoald be tffcmtnoned to her aid. This arrangement was xnadej^nd her loom opens into mine, {have sometimes heard her moving about at night—I have often heard her cocgi, and I have often heard her eigh. Bat she has never <moe es&t; for me, or given me to understand that she required say aid. She does not 4hink herself very ill, &ad; nothing Tvorries her more than to have Iter malady spoken «bout. That is the part-of the Btory which Teiates to my wife." '•She is very ill," I said. But I will epeak-6Ï that presently. Now. will you favor me with an account of your own symptoms, Sir-Henry ?" So started again when ï. aaid this, and ^oixig across the room, looked the door and pet the key in his pocket. " Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, but it is no laughing matter. I assure TOO. Ç*he most terrible, the moat awful affliction has come to me. In 'short, I am vifitod nightly by an appalling apparition. YcUi don't believe in ghosts, I judge that by ycrtir faoe. Few scientific men do.'' "Frankly, I do -not," I replied. " Socalled ghosts can generally be accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over excited or diseased brain." " Be that as it may," said Sir Henry,"the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. All my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. I have plenty of money, and feavenevar been troabled with the cares which terture men of commerce, or of small means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most lacky -and the happiest of mortals." "Forgive a -personal question,"" I interrupted. " Hasyour marriage disappointed you " No, JIO.; far from it," he replied with fervor. " I love my dear wiêe better and more deeply even than the day when I took her es a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, but that is entirely owing to the state oi her health."" " It is strange," I said, " that -she shonld be weighed down with sorrow about -you for the same cause. Have you told 'her of the thing whioh terrifies you ?" " Never,inever. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my wife should have told von that I looked like a man whohad seen a ghost. Alas ! alas ! P-nt let me tell you the cause of my shattered nerveB and failing health." "Praydo, I shall listen attentively," I re iplied. " Oh, doctor, that I could make you feel the horror of it.'" said Sir Henry, bending forward and looking in to my eyes. "Three months ago 1 no more believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called jrhohts, than you cc. Were y ou trie j as lam, your scepticism would receive aEhock. Let me t*il you what occurs- Ni^ht after nightLady Htadleyandl retire to rest at the same hour. We say good nirfht, and lay our heads on our separate pillows. The door of communioatiou between us is shut. She has a night lig-ht in her room—• I prefer darkness. 1 close my eves and prepare for slumber. As a rule 1 fail asleep. My sleep ia of short duration. 1 hwake with beads-of perspiration (.tending on my forehead, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an hour —sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it -with no name, is about to visit me. In a-certain Bpot of the room always in the same «pet. a oright light suddenly flashes ; ont of its midst there gleami apreternaturally large eye, which looks tixedly at me with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long ; but as agony counte,it seems to take years of my life away with it. It fades as suddenly into grey mist and nothingness as-it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I bury my head in the 'jed- clothes." " But have you never tried to investigate this thing?" Issid. "'I didat first. The farst night 1 saw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light—there was nothing whatever in the room." " Why did you sleep in that room ?" •" I must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror is thatshe should know anything of this—my greater terror is that the apparition, failing me, may visit her. 1 daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax ; hut the fact is, this thing is killing -me, brave man as I consider myself. 1 ' " Do you see it every night ? " I asked. " Not quite every night, but sometimes on the same night it comes twice. Sometimes it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. It is the most ghastly, the most horrible form of torture that could hurry a sane man into his grave or -into a madhouse." ' " I have not the least shadow of doubt," I said, after a pause, " that the thing can be accounted for," Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no," he replied, "it is either ad you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition ; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tome and in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking moments." " Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke?" I suggested. " Certainly not. What object can anyone have in scaring me to death ? Besides, there is no one in the room, that I can swear. My outer door is locked, Lady Stndley's outer door iB locked. It is impossible that there can be any trickery in the matter." I Baid nothing for a moment. I no more believed in «hosts than I ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must be the victim of a hallucination. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first thine to do was to find out whether the apparition could be accounted for in any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all its bearings. 1 then examined his eyes with the ophthalmoscope. The result of this was to assure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in a highly nervous condition, although I could detect no trace of brun disease. " Do you mind taking me to your room ? I said. "Not to-night," he answered. "It is late, and Lady Studley might express surprise. The object of my life is to conceal this horror from her. When she is out tomorrow you shall come to the room and judge for yourself." " Well," I said, " I shall have an interview with your wife to -morrow, and urjfe her most strongly to consent to leave the Crrange and go away withyoa." Shortly afterwards we retired to rest, or what went by the "name of rest in that sad house, with its troubled inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all through the hours of darkness. I am neither nervous nor imaginative, bat I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that as the day was warm and fine, I Bhould ride to a neighboring meet. I was not in the hilmor for this, however, and ssid frankly that I fchould prefer remaining at the Grange, One glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only too plainly that I had two very serious patients on my handB. 'Lady Studley looked terribly weak and exsited—the hectic spots on her cheeks, the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched lipe, the long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which ehe was suffering WAS making. " After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,"" I said to myself. " S tie is hastening rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How restless her eyes are, too ! I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to fiers." Sir Henry Studlty also bore traces of a sleepless night—his face waa bloodless ; he averted his tyee from mine ; he ate next to nothing, (TO BB CONTINUED.) Messrs A- Carnegie and Co., the wellknown iron firm, of Pittsburg, have been fined L28.000 by the United States Government for supplying defective iron plates for U.S. warships. 