.Essayist. FISHER'S GHOST AGAIN/ : (By Alwyn Bbyheb.) / . At ; Rbokdale lately the hand of death foU oil Mrs. Marry Huuuan, the .last, aotor in tho world-famous story of Fisher's Ghost. Seventy years ago, this lady was then a child of thirteen yeure.' '??:.'',.'?? It is not generally known that it was the quick oya of littlo Mary that first' dotooted ?too murderpiv of Old Fisheiy whoso sudden disappearance so startled and porploxed tho pioneers iu the wild bush around .tho quiet old town of Oamplotown, that now bo sleooilv lives bri in its undisturbed career among tho frowning hiUs of that pretty,, district. But so it was. Hor voice it was that first drew tho attention of alooal trooper to tho iriurdoror. 'And although seventy years have pinup, passed, tho ovente woro quite vivid in in her moinory and sho clnarly related them only 11 few, wcoics before sho died. How FiBhor's Ghost has puzzled with bewilderment both tho crodulous aud tho incredulous is a matter of history, us tho spectre alternately took its midnight or all night vigils on bridgo or fenco or in mid stream, according to its humour, near the spot that kept, tho Foeret and tho victim of that deeply planned nnd cold blooded mor ' It was the spotted calfskin waistcoat that did it,' said Mrs. Haunan, when speaking of the event ?'? few weeks since. It, appears that. Old Fi.-hor had owned a pot, calf, which died whon only it few months old, and rhatnn odd whim of Kishoi's promp- ted him to havo tho skin tanned and miido up into a vest, whioh he always afterwards wore, on weekdays and Sundays. Tho skin was beautifully marked with curious ppots, and as Fisher was never soon out without this article of attire on, ho at tained a sort of notority because of it, in the district. That thin rather eccentric old man wan missed suddenly, and that his reported trip to England for a time silenced all enqu'ries as to his absence, aro facts woll known. But how suspicion, never wholly lulled, was re vived and finally resolved into tho conviction of tbo murderer I do not think aro so woll known. It, camo about in this way. The shrewd child remarked that it was a strange thing that tho young man, who wan reported to bo left in oh:irgo of Fisher's farm should always wear this vest of ' many colors.' A trooper to whom sho used these words thought thoro migh1. bo something in thorn. But a day or so afterwards, before ho had mado up h'm mind what to do, a man startled tho neighborhood by assorting that ho had seou a Ghost standing on tho old bridge, and pointing down into tho creek with its right hand. And strange to say it wn.s dressed like Fisher, ovon to tho spotted calf skin vest. Again and again was it asserted that tho Ghost was seen in that, vicinity, but in differ ent places und in different attitudes and it always pointed to tho water below. Black trackers woro brought on tho scene and pafcchcj of blood were found which were assorted to bo the blood of 11 white man. And after several days of searching tho body of old Fisher was found near the .spot indi cated by the Ghost. ,~~™. But tho first to direct attention ;.,-:--«,, Ghost, and tho mnrderor was Mary, who after wards became tho wife of David Hannan, and a few weeks ago paused peacefully away at tho ripo ago of .S:S years. Mary was tbo first white child born m Catnden and outlived nil others who h-.id to do with tho Fisher incident. 