1 Sporting Motes and Notions, [By the Vagrant.] Speaking of a recent victory achieved by tho Australian horse Stromboli at San Francisco, an J American, sporting journal says : — ' Stromboli clinched his claims to the coast championship this afternoon by winning easily at a mile from sueh good ones as Nomad, Glee Boy, Sir Reel, and Pes cador. The big brown Australian horse got away a couple of lengths behind the bunch, and loafed in the rear until reaching the homo-stretch, where Morris let go his wrap. The style in which Stromboli went by Pescador (who had been leading by quite a margin), Sir Reel, and the others will not be forgotten soon by those who saw it. From fifth and last place at the turn into the straight he was first in the next sixteenth of a mile, and coming like a shot with those long, sweeping, deceptive strides, the brother to Volcano won exceedingly easy by two lengths from Sir Reel in the cracking good time of 1 min. HJsec. Stromboli was timed separately in lmin Usee, flat, and had he been forced to do so could assuredly have made tho circuit of Bay District course to-day in lmin 40Jsec or better. He is the best horse we have seen here in many a day, for weight will not stop and no route is too long for him.' When the mail left Stromboli was to be taken to New York to race. .a gentleman wuo nas lately returned trom a visit to the old country says there are many striking points of resemblance between the English crack colt and Loyalty, and when galloping especially does Dan O'Brien's gentleman much resemble the triple crown winner. Dreamland and Dreamland and Moorite and Moorite have been already backed for the Melbourne Cup and Derby. The latter is not bred like a stayer, but Trenton's son ie. A Cork paper claims that Corbett and Mitchell should be described as Irishmen, for it states that the former was born at Tuam in 18GG, whilst Charles' parents also came to light on the green isle. Hibernian historians and journalists have a happy knack of interfering in a most uncalled for manner with noted persons' birth-places. For instance because they were a bit jealous of their brother Celts they robbed Scotland of St. Patrick and made of him a Frenchman. Tom Sayers was neglected whilst he laboured up the brick layer's ladder encumbered with a hod, but a3 soon as ho had dropped that useful implement and had climbed tlie ladder leading to pugilistic fame, round by round, the gallant little Englishman was perforce converted into an Irishman, although I ueiitivu oa-jrerb uwver a»w nciauu uxcupc upon a map. When Nat Langham knocked poor Thomas off hiB perch, he, too, had to undergo the usual metamorphosis and hoist the greeo flag. Therefore it is pretty safe to bet that if Jackson meets Corbett and knocks the sawdust out of him, some Dubliri or Tipperary journal will swear by all tlie gods that 'Peter the Great' is a descendant of the kingB of Ireland, and comes from the wilds of Connemarra. Corrigan, whose long experience should con stitute him a competent authority, is of opinion that steeplechases should be run earlier in the afternoon than they generally are. He explains that the further the sun moves from its zenith the more it glints on to the fences, some of which are not easily seen by the horses in consequence. Cor rigan is satisfied that this was the case with some of the competitors in last Saturday's steeplechase at Flomington, and farther, is confident that in numerable falls i-n the past may have been due to the same cause. ' How did Carbine lose the V.R.C. Derby ?' is a a question that has been often put, but never satisfactorily explained — to the general public QYivrVirttTT *Rnh 'nnrrofv wlm nilnfipd fVm mirrVihv son' of a gun in the event named, was in New Zealand recently interviewed on tho subject. Derret asserts positively that Carbine was beaten two hundred yards from home, and that he whs only pretending that he was at this stage winning easily. Derret goes on to say that he sat as still as possible on Carbine when Hales made his run on Ensign, but when his rider moved on him the son of Musket was incapable of further effort. The welcher who welches other people is no novelty, but the welcher who welches himself is indeed a rarity. This occurred at a pony meeting the other day. Two backers had got such liberal odds against their fancy that they suspected the layer was a welcher, and determinsd to watch him nlncmltr Anonnnnsthfi field entered the straiclit their pony cleared out from the rest, and simul taneously the layer cleared out too with the backers in hot pursuit. They caught him after a quarter cf a mile run, and with fierce threats of strangling as the alternative made him pay their wagers. It was only on getting back to tho paddock that they discovered that their pony had fallen within a hundred yardB of the post, and that a complete outsider — a regular backer's horror and layer's delight— had won the race. From Mr. H. A. Thompson, auctioneer and agent, T Vm.-.i a number of eatalonriipR containing particulars of yearlings to be offered for sale by him in the Metropolis during tho next week or so. The studs represented are those of Messrs. J. R. Smith, R. C. Allen, M. S. Pearce, J. R. Hardie, Fhilip Morton, W. H. Dean, Thompson, tho Hon. H. C. Pangar, etc., and as may be imagined there will be many choice lots paraded. What appears to be a pretty good horse was brought to light at Gundagai recently in the shape of anaged bay gelding named Led Astray, said to be by Bluegown from a Spowden mare. On the first day of the meeting ho went to the front at tho fall of tho flag in tho Stewards' Handicap, one mile, never giving his opponents the ghost of a chance, winning by any number of lengths in tho capital time of lmin. 13isecs. Then, on the second day, ia the Town Plate, one and a quarter milo, he pursued the same tactics as on the first day, with the result that ho boat both Geraldine and Babette like hacks, and got to the end of the journey, without being extended in it, in 2min. 10.jsecs. Led Astray is a tremendous lengthy gelding, and altogether, is nicely put together. He has been racing now for n number of years, and only recently started in and won a hac.v race at .Tugiong. He was, I believe, on | offer not long since for a tenner, but nobody seemed anxious to become possessed of him even at that small sum. His legs aro as sound as a bell, and he looks one of those hardy little customers that will keep training on and never be sick or sorry a day. A Sydney trainer is already after him. Some of my friends did not agree with me a couple oE weeks back when I argued that the rule giving the definition of what is ' a starter' .should bo altered so as to agree with the Victorian regulation concerning the matter, but strange to say two or three of them are now willing to go much farther than myself in the way of reformation. ItwasFaberthatinadethem change theirtune. They were on the handsome bay at Singleton to a man, but ho was left at the post and never took part in the struggle, but his backers lost their money, for the horse's rider had been weighed out, and that is sufficient to cause him to bo regarded as 'a starter,' according to our nonsensical rules. In the sistor colony a horso must go to tho post, and now, as I have said, I know some people who think that their own particular fancy must leave the post before he should be included among the starters. Owners of moderate nags should not fail to re member that a race meeting will bo held at Lochinvar on Monday, when nominations will be received on the course, and when fairly liberal cash prizes will be competed for. The good people of the old township may be trusted to make visitors comfortable — and respectably drunk — if their hospi tality be taken advantage of. Sport will begin at eleven o'clock. For tbe nrnframnip ia :i, loivnne. and I'm assured the track i3 in good order. At one time, and not so long ago either, the best and in all respects tho most enjoyable race meetings in the Northern district were held at Wallscml, but, judging by late results, the old club has fallen away from grace or popularity, for the weather is gener ally rough when tho dates of its outings approach and nominations are now-a-days few when they were wont to be so many. However, tho hard working Secretary (Mr. E. Cowcher) and his capable committee are in no way responsible for this changed state of affairs, and I am willing to wager that the people who foregather on the old trysting spot on Monday next, when the Club will be again in the field, will heartily enjoy themselves if Jupitr Pluvius does not throw a damper on the surround ings. The sport as usual will begin with the timelionoured Flying Handicap, theplacesfor which may go to Jack the Robber, Mocnbi, and Lyoness. If The Corsair were well I think he would land the Town Plate, but as I have no knowledge to that effect I will give my allegiance to Faber, who should about win. The Flying Handicap should tell us a welcome tale about the Borough Handicap, and the Welter should produce a good contest uetsveeu xjantone, me uorsair, anu lmnaer. It is rumoured Mr. Clarence Hannell will shortly sever his connection with the Newcastle Jockey Club, and as he haa been intimately concerned with the sport of kings in Coalopolie for about forty years his services can ill be spared. Parramatta had a narrow escape from an accident in^Victoria last week. While being galloped the reverse or Sydney way, she suddenly dashed through a gateway at the back of the course, just grazing her side. The A. J. C. Autumn meeting will be commenced at Randwick this afternoon, when I exppct Coa'a will win the Hurdle Race. It is difficult to say what will start for the Autumn Stakes, but if he be wise Mr. Wilson will keep Carnage for the St. Leger, and then Patron should manage to down Light Artillery, with Titan very close to the colts. Loyalty's brother, Bonnie Scotland, should be good enough to support for the Two-year-old Maiden Stakes, but the man who plunges on the High weight Handicap and emerges all right will be lucky though foolish ; Ophir should run well, as will also Merry Belle and Whakawatea. ,V nr. mil n q l,n mn c in fVin Spring, the chestnut should have little trouble in downing The Sailor Prince and Trenchant in the St. Leger. The Doncaster is a very open race, but from the issue of the weights I have liked Stanmore and Loyalty, and when I now add Lady Trenton and Division I may have two or three in the places. On Monday Regina or Hirondelle will take a deal of beating in the Champagne Stakes, in which Nobleman and Dryden also have chances. If Carnage wins the St. Leger in good style he may also secure the Sydney Cup, which will probably be a much closer race than most people expect. It is seldom that we 6eo such great colts as the pet of St. Alban's, Loyalty, Patron, Light Artillery, The Sailor Prince and others engaged measur ing strides with tried performers like Portsea and Jeweller, and as three-year-olds are almost as good iu the autumn a3 later on in life one of them will probably win the Cup. I will hazard the opinion that Carnage, Nightingale and Light Artillery will be the positions at the finish, and fViof Tottrollo^ will TT0Y.tr plnoo tr. Hio f-.rio Tlio Ace may secure the Steeplechase. From Turanville I am sorry to hear that the obituary list continues to Bwell. A little time back old Dagmar lost a fine foal by the Musket horso Fusileer, and on Tuesday Mr. Cook found The Virgin's pledge of affection to the same sire lying stark and stilL A handicap will be run on the Bank-street Reserve, East Maitland, this afternoon, when the first heat will start at 2.45 p.m. The following remain in after the final payments for the St. Leger and Champagne Stakes : — St. Leger : Trenchant, The Trier, Carnage, The Sailor Prinnn —nKoiiiivn^na Sfolrca ? T\rirrMnrifT. AfMTlRnft. Lady Margaret, Chesterman, Nobleman, Hiron delle, Importation, Regina, First Shot, Dryden, Bonnie Scotland, Malachite, Althata, Carlton. Patroness and Pilot Boy have been scratched for the Doncaster Handicap; Donation, Memah, and Uabba for the Cup. In an article upon cricket in tho New Review, F. R. Spoffarth, formerly of Australia, and now Derby shire, states Australian cricket ' developed from crudity to perfection' in 20 years. Word has been received that the speedy pony Comewell has won in Ceylon. Comewell was pur chased specially to oppose a crack Indian pony which was carrying all before it in that quarter. Tho selection wa3 left to Mr. Earnshaw, who picked out Cromwell as the most likely one to check the Indian wonder, and it appears to have been a very happy choice. Mr. ' Paddy' Markham is disconsolate and his intimate friendB are joyous. The statement may be incongruous, but it has the merits of being true. Pha M7-nlr woe nn Rftfr.11rdn.V- thnsr* tears. There were races on St. Patrick's Day at Branxton on a track which some of my Hibernian friends called the Dan O'Connell course ; a young fellow named O'Donuell borrowed The Monk from Mr. Markham and took'the old bay up to take the denizens of the village down. O'Donnell started The Monk in the Publicans' Purse, and ho upset all calculations by falling down and breaking his neck but fortunately the rider escaped without injury. When you come to think of it thore was a good deal that was curious about the incident : they raced on the Dan O'Connell course, Tbe Monk was run and ridden by O'Donnell, and it all happened on St. Patrick's Dav. Early in the eighties Crossland, tho cricketer, who used to send down then very fast deliveries, hit a batsman on the leg with an extra fast one. _ He appealed for leg-before, but the umpire decided against him. The batsman then walked off, but was told by a fieldsmin that ho was not out. ' No, bat hy ? ? I am going,' said the batsman, who did not return. cJf «ooal Ia?e,y died Consande (dam of tho Caul field Cup winner Chicago), who was by Now Warnor out ot Io, and a well-known mare about Maitland, where she was trained some years ago by * Johnny' Atkins, for whom she won many races. Maltese Cross, dam of Gozo, also wont the way of all flesh on the old estate; whilst Mr. Nivison has lost by death La Muetto, dam of Gres fora, etc. Among the obituaries, too, must be mentioned tho fine-looking mare Corola, a daughter of Guinea and Kernel, and consequently own sister to the racehorse Sovereign. Brigalow, winner of the jumping contest at Robertson show recently, is said to have cleared a space of 30ft. in one of his leaps. It is still a long ^ov'cvcr, behind Chandler's celebrated jump of 37ft. Brigalow was at one time the property of the notorious Herbert Glasson. From across the border there comes word to the effect that prior to tbe V. R. C. Champion Stakes Mr. Purciies refused an offer of .£5000 for Portsea and Patron, and after Portsea had annexed that rich event a bid of .£2000 was made for him, and de clined. There is a jockey in New Zealand named Rad» cliffe who weighs but 3st 121b. with his boots on and he is said to be a fair horseman. He has heen re-named ' Tiny,' A noted stallion, and a still more noted brood mare, trotters, died recently in America. The former, Cyclone, 2min. 23^sec., sired such good ones as Gilettes 2min. ll^sec., Dr. Sponks 2min. 12}see , and Cicerone 2min. 12Jsec., and the mare Lusille GoldduBt, trotted down to 2min. lGJsftc., which, in 1877,' was within 2| sec. of tho champion record. 