SPORTING. I Jeweller has arrived at Flemington, and Cannon and First Shot have been transferred from Caulfield to Fleming ton. Tiie V.R.C. committee have declined to consider an apolication by James Hayes for a license to ride. The committee also decided to take no action with regard to tlio alleged inconsistent running of tho hurdle racer Orpheus. Mr Sheridan, who is on a visit to Sydney on behalf of Stoddart's English team of cricketers, has succeeded in making arrangements for a Queensland match, to be played at Brisbane in December. It is rumoured that the I terms are £600. The committee of the Victorian llacincClub have decided that Mr J. B. Clark's charge of unfair handicap- 1 ping against Mr F. F. Dakin 1iad not been sustained. A Wagga Waggaexehange, speaking of the A, J.C. forfeit list, says : — ' The namo of the Sunrise mare, Clearlight, appeared in the list somo short time back, and had previously figured in the list for a considerable time, and tho matter was seemingly unknown or unnoticed till the Hay New Year's Ruco Club ut their late meeting took the required action, upon which the dues incurred by a previous lessee at a Urana meeting a few years ago, were made good. The Newmarket Handicap candidate Bung Bung changed hands on Satur day for £500. The daughter of Mar vellous and Catherine Wheel has re turned to her old quarters at I. T. Carslake's, Caulfield. There was a lot of Parramatta ' hedging' money in the market on Monday, and the Caulfield-trained mare eased in price for tho Newmarket Handicap in consequence. A billiard match has been arranged to take place between J. Roberts, jun., the world's champion, and Charles Memmott, the well-known Melbourne player and champion of Australia. Roberts allows his opponent half the points in a game of 20,000 up, spot barred. King Olaf is in training again after a season at the stud. It is announced in The Australasian this week that a member of the V.R.C., who takes an interest in turf nomen clature, has decided to give 10 prizes of a guinea each for a competition in yearling christening. The suggested titles must be posted to the sporting editor of The Australasian, who will forward them to Mr F. F. Dakin, the judge appointed by the donor of the prizes. Names which have already been adopted, as per the Atislralian Stud Hook, will not be eligible for the competition. The names must be sent in not later than March 3. Letters aro to be endorsed 'Nomenclature Competition.' The following is a list of the yearlings for which names aro asked : — Bay colt, by Neckersgat — Ada ; chestnut colt, by Carlyon — Atholine ; brown colt, by Dunlop — Frou Frou ; brown colt, by Malua — Verdure ; chestnut colt, by Enfilade — Sierra; brown colt, by Jacinth — Dazzle ; chestnut colt, by Escutcheon — Pacific ; brown filly, by Escutcheon ? — Excelsior ; brown colt, by Trenton — Lady Disdain ; chestnut colt, by Eiridspord — Busy Bee. An exchange from New Zealand says : — Mr G. G. Stead lately addressed a letter to the Wellington Racing Club respecting tho handicapping of his horses at the recent summer meet ing, and complaining that they had been unfairly treated by Mr Evett. The committee, however, resolved — 'That the club could not take such an exceptional course as referring the letter to the handicapper,' and allowed the matter to stand at that. A few big wagers laid by Mr Jack Cohen : — Newmarket Handicap — 5000 to 250 Fortunatus, 3000 to 90 J5, 2000 to 80 Warfare, 2000 to 80 Bruin, 2000 to 140 Hova, 1500 to 75 Tulla more, 3000 to 135 The Arab. The Australian Cup — 1500 to 150 Portsea, 250 to 50 Carnage, 1000 to 60 Tellus. As showing the number of book makers who plied their vocation inside the enclosure at the late Cootamundra races it is authoritatively stated that a sum of £540, in £30 deposits, was lodged with the secretary, guaranteeing the odds merchants' bona fides. Thus ' Augur's Ghost' : 'Tho Hay Fire Brigade hold a demonstration on Easter M onday, and if the success be proportioned to the length of the com mittee the Hay folk ought to have an/ attendance equal to that of the Chicago exposition.' Tho performance of Moorite in winning tho V.A.T.C. Oakloigh Plato in a mixed field of horses with 8st up stamps him as a phenomenal twoyear old. His previous performances were pretty brilliant, but his latest feat eclipses them all. Titan and Camoola each won the race — then known as the Oaklei™h Handicap — as a two-year-.old, but Titan carried only 7st 91b and Camoola 41b loss than this. Not the least remarkable feature about Moorito's performance was the deter mined way in which he stalled off tho opposition, fighting out tho race to the bitter end, and ho is evidently a game as well as a brilliant colt. Though he will bo called upon to put up the maxi mum penalty in each race, it would be hard to pick out a horse, now that Dreamland is to be an absentee, likely to beat him in the Sires' Produce Stakes and Ascotvale Stakes at Flemington. Mr J. Langloy, one of the latest additions to the ranks of the racehorse owners, scored his initial win when Moorite passed the post first. Later on he had anothor turn of luck when Moorito's stable companion, Lord Hopetoun. won the Hawksburn Han dicap. Tho annual boat raco between Ox ford and Cambridge Universities is already engaging attention on the Isis and the Cam, on which streams res pectively tho dark and light blue crews are gotting into form for the big struggle from Putnoy to Mortlake. T. Saunders won the double at the V.A.T.C. races on Saturday on Moorite and Lord Hopetouu, 