The Mystery at Holmleigh. (By Mary H. Tennyson.) .1 consider that person unworthy of cre dence who prefaces a story with, ? ' You ?will not believe me, I know ; nevertheless; I am telling you the truth.' In my opinion con scious integrity expects implicit confidence. I should quarrel with, my dearest friend if I told- Mm I had once met a m»f 'with three eyes, and he were to doubt my word. I could forgive his questioning my sanity, but not my honesty. Why should we .go out of our way and lie in order to astonish our frinndw, when truth is acknowledged to be stranger than fiction? 1 am sure it would be hard to in vent a more remarkable, or terrible incident, tJm.fi iJiat which happened to ml* three years ago. . I had been working very hard to pass my final medical exam., and, being fagged and exhausted with the mental strain, was much in need of a little rest and country air ; but as it was early in December, the time of year was not inviting for a lonely trip, and I knew I should find no companion willing to accompany me. Therefore I made no stir in the matter, until my father said one mom ing— ' Charlie, you really must get away from town fox a -bit, or you'll be having jaundice.' ' But where in the world can I go P ' I answered, languidly. ** I can't spare more than a week, or I might run over to Paris.' And then a happy thought occurred to my dear mother. ' Why don't you go down to Fred Thomton'sP she asked, looking at my yellow face with tender anxiety. ' He has ftfrke^ you many times, I am sure he -would be delighted to have you for a day or two, and they say his wife is such a sweet woman ; I should feel happy about you if you were with them.' I had forgotten Fred Thornton for the moment} he had beeil a great chuan of mine at Oxford, but I had not seen him. since Ms marriage, a year ago^,t had heard from him, however, and I knew he had settled , down in a country house in the neighborhood of Winchester. I felt that I should like to renew my acquaintance with Fred, to whom I used to be much attached, and I was also curious to observe bow much marriage would have sobered him down. Therefore I hailed my mother's suggestion ffr* *v' IHHi 11 y and wrote to Fred, saying I had a week to spare, and unless I heard from him to the contrary, I would pack my bag, and descend upon him, in three .days from the date of writing. I told hiiny also, not to bother about sending a traptio meet me at the sta tion, as I thought a 'country walk might shake me up a bit, and do me good. Fred did not answer my note, but I knew of old that he shirked letter- writing, and on December 10, 1888, I gave my mother a filial hug, shook hands warmly with. my father, and departed, accompanied by as many good wishes — bless their dear hearts — as if I had been going away for seven years instead of seven days. It wa& a fine, bright afternoon when I reached Winchester, and started off at a swinging pace, in the direction of Fred's place, Holmleigh, which I learnt was about three miles from the quaint old cathedral. My course lay through the water meadows ; the beautiful, gliding streams were now choked with fragments of floating ice, which shone and sparkled in the rosy gleams of the setting sun, but the keen air was not unpleasantly cold, and I had not walked a mile before £ felt refreshed and invigorated. Presently I passed into the road again, and on I went, briskly, until, just as the shades of evening fell, I arrived at Holmleigh. I was a little disappointed, when, in answer to my vigorous pull at the bell, a maid servant appeared and no one else. . ' The effects of marriage, I'll be bound,' I thought, cynically ; ' I remember the time when Fred would have been on the. door step, looking out for my coming.' '? ' ' My name is Fowler,' I explained, seeing that the maid glanced inquiringly and un easily at my bag, ' surely your master ex pects me ?' ' I have not heard anything about it, sir,' the girl replied. 'The house is full now.' I remained for a minute in most uncom fortable perplexity, wondering why on earth Tred hadn't written, and then an adjacent door burst open, and my old friend rushed at me, and catching at my hand, shook it so violently that he almost dislocated my shoulder. « My dear old lad!' he cried, ' I thought I couldn't be mistaken in the voice ; I never was' so glad to see anyone in my life. To tH»;V of } our turning up in this unexpected fashion. Why, my wife and I were talking about you only yesterday. She -was saying we must try and get you to come down for Christmas ; she has heard no -end of good stories about you. Come along, old fellow, Dora is in the drawing-room, come and be introduced.' « One moment, Fred,' I interrupted, de lighted at the warmth of his reception, ' you got my letter, I suppose?' ** Your letter, not a bit of it.' . . . = 'But I wrote last Tuesday, to say 1 wanted a change and was seedy, and asking you to take me in for a few days.' 'Oh, did youP' he responded. ' Well, I haven't had the letter then. My wife and 1 1 have just come bank from her uncle's,) bringing some Mends with us ; we were only away for two days, so I didn't have letters forwarded. -?' Yours is in the library, no doubt, I meant . to attack my correspon dence after tea.' : ' With that we entered the drawing-room, and I waa promptly introduced to Fred's wife. .'?.'''? ???; ;- A more delightful haven 'after a cold walk it would be impossible to imagine than the drawing-room at Holmleigh, with its comfortable, handsome furniture, and blue tiled hearth. Besides Fred's charming wife there were in the room two pretty cousins of hers, a young man, who I saw at a glance was deeply enamoured to one of them, and Willie, a lad of 14, Mrs. Fredrs brother. ' .The cosy party were having afternoon tea, and I was soon established in a luxurious chair next to the bright fire, the ladies vying 'with each other In supplying my wants, and serving me with fragrant tea, hot cakes, and muffins. The very house dog, a friendly spaniel with long silky ears, laid his head affectionately upon my knees, and wagged an enthusiastic welcome. When tea was finished Fred turned to his wife. ' Dora, isn't it jolly ?' he said, beaming with kindness ; ' you recollect we were talking about Charlie yesterday, and here he is, as if in answer to our thoughts. Tell the maid to lurht a. good fire in his room. Nothing like warmth when a chap gets his liver a bit wrong.' Suddenly the merry smile faded out of Mrs. Fred's' lace. 'Have a fire lighted, where, Fred ?' she faltered. ' Why, what a fool I .ami'1 he exclaimed, cheerily. ' I forgot I luwin't explained. Charlie's been overdoing it, and has come down to be nursed a bit. He says he's going to stay a week, but he shan't go till after Christinas, if I know it. His bag's in the hall, dear.' 'Oh, but, Fred, what shall we do P' his pretty wife- cried, piteously ; ' we have not a room in the house to give Mr. Fowler.' 'Any corner will do for me,' I said, remembering the servant's unsatisfactory manner with some dismay. ' Really, we have not even a corner,' Mrs, Fred continued, in great distress. ' Willie, here, sleeps in a room almost 7ft square.' ' But, dash it all ! it must be managed somehow!' Fred cried. I looked at his wife, but I could see no solution of the difficulty in her puzzled, troubled face. ' I am afraid there is only .one way out of it, I said, trying to speak cheerfully, though the idea of quitting this pleasant party was particularly distasteful to me. ' I must go back to Winchester, and catch the 7 o'clock train to town. I am awfully sorry to have bothered you so; I hope you will let me come down again further on.' 'Oh, but I say, this won't do at all!' Fred interrupted, 'Dora, can't you suggest anything ?' ' I wish I could,' she Answered, almost crying, ' but, you see, Fred, Mr. Fowler is so very tall he couldn't sleep on the sofa, and Willie's little cupboard of a room wouldn't do for an invalid, I'm sure.' j ' No, there's nothing for it but for me to ; take my departure,' I said, rising, and for cing a smile, ' I am very glad to have had even this glimpse of you.' ' But hang it, Tn*'» J ' Fred cried, in desperation, ' you need not go until after dinner, there's a train up at 11.' ' I had better go now, old fellow,' I re plied, with a sigh, ' I am not particularly well just now, and it will be even -worse turning out later on.' 'Well, ifs positively hateful,' Fred grumbled, ' bat HI drive you to the station, anyway.' I waited until the dog-cart was announced, and then I began shaking hands with my sympathetic companions. ' Confound it, ifs snowing too ! ' Fred exclaimed. ' How about stopping at one of the Winchester hotels, Charlie ? ' But I felt I couldn't stand that, and had reached the door when a bright idea occurred to Master Willie. 'Dora! Fredl' he shouted, excitedly, ' there's the nursery. Why can't Mr. Fowler sleep in the nursery ? ' ' The nursery !' I repeated in great sur prise. 'Why, Fred, I didn't know that ' It's not our nursery, my boy,' he said, laughing at my confusion, ' it's a room that we don't use now, but yow canhave it if you like.' * ?? -? 'No, no, Fred,' n— wise interrupted, hastily, ' I can't allow that. You know we agreed to shut it up after Mabel's ill ness.' ' But isn't the zoom healthy then ?' I asked, feeling that anything short of poBi tive mildew in the way of damp would be preferable to fr«™fag opt into the. driving snow. ' Well, the fact is, the ,uom has some stupid legend connected with it,' Fred ex plained, 'and ever since my wife's young sister slept there, six months ago, we have given it a wide berth.' . _ ?? -. ' Is it supposed to be haunted then?' I asked. ' No, I don't think so,' Fred replied, «but, to tell truth, I've never been able to make out what the superstition about it is. My wife doesn't care 'about ifs being talked about.' 'Ah, but this is an exceptional case, Mrs. Thornton,' I said, surprised to see how pale her face had grown suddenly. ' Let Fred tell me what he knows about this matter, and then if I like to stay and brave the consequences I suppose I may.' « I-can't refuse, of course,' she answered faintly; 'but, as I have a great objection to the subject, I will leave you while Fred explains. And girls, you must come with ' me-' ? . 'Oh, no, Dora!' they 'cried, simultane ously. 'We want to hear— we love any thing like ghost stories.' . ' I am sorry, dears,' she predated, ' but you must oome with me. Fred, tell them you won't speak before them.' ' All right, darling, I won't,' he replied, soothingly. ' Now then, girls, be off; you can coax the story out of Fowler to-morrow, you know, if he stays.' , \- : 'With very ^disappointed faces 'the two girls followed their cousin, Fred shutting the door after giving his wife a reassuring \- kiss. ' Dear little woman,' h* said, returning to us, ' she's awfully nervouB on this Sub ject. To be frank with you, I should^be glad Eor someone to sleep in that- room, i don't believe Mabel's attack had anything what ever to do with it Now vthen, boys, light your cigars, oh, bless you rl;iwe smoke any where in .this house ; here .Willie, here's a, very mild cigarette for you, only youmustn't tell Dora.' ? We drew up our chairs close to the ruddy blaze, and I thought it would need to be a very formidable ghost that would: induce me to exchange my present ease and comfort for a three mile drive and a dreary-railway journey. 'What I am going to tell you,' Fred commenced, 'I heard from an old lawyer who died six months ago. He was a very old chap indeed, end apparently waa the only person ? who ' knew anything about the legend connected with the room that has always been styled, the nursery. . It seems, a hundred years ago, this house . was occupied by a ' wealthy couple, -who -were for many years under a cloud because they had no heir to succeed ia the estates which at that period were attached to the house. In course of time, however, much to the surprise of everyone, a child was born, and then it was expected that the melancholy couple would cheer up, ' and take their proper stand as the richest people in the neighborhood. But nothing of the kind occurred, and the astonishment, was universal when, after the birth of the baby, a profounder and tmore settled, gloom' seemed to settle upon the parents. Thev became complete recluses, and never went beyond the lodge gates, except once a week, when they attended the mtyrnin^ service at the village church. Of course, all sorts of rumors were extant about the child, th'e general belief being that there was some thing wrong about it, but the truth was never known, for during its short exist ence it took the air only in a small garden surrounded by. high walls ; and the ser vants, who were much attached to. the mournful couple,, kept the secret, whatever it was, loyally, -? ? - ? ' Things went on in this way for. 18 months, the neighbors noticing every Sun day that each week the father and mother grew whiter and more haggard and wretched. They never spoke to anyone, nor returned the respectful salutations that were offered them, but there was a pathetic misery in their grief-stricken, scared faces that aroused for them the warmest sympathy in their nameless sorrow; and everyone felt that it was a blessed relief when the poor mother died, her husband being found dead in -.his bed two days later. ' At the funeral of the parents, appeared the child's guardian — its paternal uncle and only relative. And now comes the point of the story. Of coarse, this uncle is the proverbial wicked uncle of legendary lore. The baby lived two months only after its parents, and the uncle succeeded to the estates. The infant's death was as mysterious as its life had been. Foul play was strongly suspected, but in those days such matters 'were more easily hushed up, and all tiiat people heard, was that the child had been discovered dead in, its cot when the nurse returned to the nursery after a short absence. After that the wicked uncle took to drinking hard to drown his remorse, the neighbors hinted, and ulti [ mately he died of exhaustion after a pro I longed attack of delirium tremens. Duringhis delirium his one desire Beemed to be that the nursery door should be kept locked. -And the story runs — he fell dead after 'having securely nailed it up with his own hands. ' Since that period, boys,' Fred continued, 'the house has been only occasionally occupied. Nobody has stayed long in it, and it had been empty for eight years when i took it' .:; ? ' And is that all P* I asked. ' Yes, that's alL' ; « Oh, but Fred,' Willie interrupted, « you forget MabeL' ' No I don't, but I think it's time to drop that silly business. Look here, Charlie, my young sister-in-law, a girl of 13, heard the old lawyer's story. She was sleep ing in the nursery, and had a bad feverish cold. Well, she was much worse the next morning, off her head, in fact, and to this day Dora will persist that Mabel must have * seen something ' in the night, although, the gixl can't recollect anything happening after she put her light out. After that my wife declared that nobody should sleep in the nursery ; but one night when she was away from home, I determined to break the spell.' ' And how did you get on P' I demanded. ' Slept like & top, shouldn't have woke up till morning, only Gyp, here ' — stirring up the spaniel with Mb loot — ' pushed the door open in his nocturnal rounds, and jumped on the bed. I shouted at him, and he beat a hasty retreat, and I was asleep again in two minutes.' w And nobody has ever seen or heard any thing more than that ?' I cried. « Nobody.' -' Then I needn't take a minute to decide what 111 do ; I'll stay, old fellow,' I said, promptly. (to be continued.) 