My Narrow Escape I novor told anybody how very, very near I was to death that night, just a year ago ; hut as I oan now look baok and oalmly re call eaoh thought, eaoh word, eaoh oot, I think I will write It down as a warning to all who may find themselves similarly oir- oamstanacd, hoping, with all my heart, that tho nnmber may be few. In tho first place, my name is Frederick Putnam. I am, and havo boon for tho last ten yoars, tbo foreman nnd book-keeper ol tho large lumbering establishment of Wil liam Wineton and Go-, and hopo to bo lor another dceadc,unloBB something batter turns np. Mr. Wineton is the resident partner and manager of tho manufacturing part of the bnsinees. Tho other members ol the firm, of whioh tbero aro two, livo in tho oity, at the foot of tho lake, and attended to the sales ol lumber, whioh wo send them by vessels. This is by far tho largoBt share of what the mill outs, although tho amount of our sales dirootly from tho mill, to Bupply the oountry to the weat of us, is quite large. Well, ono cold September evening, just as I was preparing for home, I heard lootBtopB on tho ground outBide, and presently the offiaa door flaw open, as though someone in haete had givon it a push, admitting a tall, stone, well-dressed man, with a small travelling bag in one hand and a ohowl thrown over ono arm. I wob alone — Mr. Winston having gone to the house some half an hour before, looking the safe, in which we kept our books and papers, and taking tbo key with him as usual. I had already closed tho damper to the otove, put on my overooat, and was just in the not of turning down the lamp— bnt, of courso,I waited. " Good ovaning, sir," said the man, bustling up to the stove, and klobing the damper open with his right, toot. "Has Winston gone to the honso?" I answered that he had. " Whon ? I was afraid of it." He draw ont his watob — a very fine one, I thought. "I shall not have time to go up," he said. "The train ia due in fifteen min utes." " I there anything I oan do for yon ?" I asked. 'I wanted to leave eome money with Winston. I intended to stop in town a day or two, bnt I have just got a despatch that oalls ma home." " What namo, eir 1" Anderson, ol Andereonville." I kne\y him then, thongh I had seen him but once before. Ho had been ono of our best western customers. I eaid had been, lor the reason that' during the past year he had not been eo prompt. Infaat,he was considerably behind, and Winston bad that very day told mo to write him, and " punch him up a little," as ho expressed it. The letter was then in tho breast pooket of my overcoat. "You can leave the money with me, sir, and I will give yon a reoeipt." Ho scorned to heBitate, whioh nettled me somewhat. I have never blamed anyone sinao, however. " How muoh is my bill?" he asked, eying me sharply. I answered promptly, lor I had strnok the balance not mora than hall an hour be fore : "Two tboneand two hundred and fifty pounds." ' " Humph I less than .1 supposed. Write out a reoeipt lor that amount." He left the etove, and came and looked over my shoulder while I was writing out the receipt, " It is all right, Mr. Putnam. I know vou now. You've been with Winston a long time. I oan. tell your signature any where." He drew from an inside pooket a large blaok wallet very round and lull, and oonnt- ing ont eleven different piles of bank-notes, he told mo to ran them over. It was a short and easy task, lor eaoh pile oontained just twenty ten pound notes. The balanoe was in notoa and sovereigns, and, it took more time to oount them ; but at last we got it so that both were satisfied. At this moment wo heard tho whistle from tho station. AndarBon sprung for his travel ling bag, and giving me a hasty hand-shake was off on the run. I closed the door, and counted tho money over again. Finding it all light,.! wrapped a piece of newspaper around it, ond slippod it into my overooat pookot. . I did not loel quite easy to have so muoh money about me, but as Winston's house was at least a mile distant, I con cluded to keep It ..until morning, when I could deposit it in tho bank. I closed the damper again, drew. on my gloves, took the offioo hey from the nail just over the doce, and stopped up to put out the light. As I did so, 1 saw a bit of paper on the floor, whioh, on pioking up, I saw was the receipt I wroto for Mr. Anderson, Ho had dropped it in hiB hurry. I put it in my poalcet, and thought no mora about it, only that I would mail it to him. I would have done it then, but as the last mail for tbe day had gone oat on tho train whioh took Mr. Anderson, I could do it just as woll in tho morning. Then, too, I was in something of a hnriy that night, for I had an appoint ment and I may as well state here that it was with a young lady, who, I hoped, would be my wife before many months elapsed. 1 hastened to. my boarding plaae, ate my supper, and then went over to Mr. Warner's, wearing tho overcoat with the money in it, as I did not teal caBy about leaving it in my room. Carrio was at home, of oourse, as she was expeoting me, and, leaving my ooat and hat in tho J>aU, I wont into the parlor, I do not think a repetition ol. onr conver sation would bo very interesting, so I will pasa over it, merely romarking that nothing oaonrred to 'disturb mo until I arose to tako my leave, Oarrie went into tho entry for my coat and hat, that I might put them on by the warm lkg>, but she oame book with only my hut. Why, Fred, you aertaihly did not ven ture out on suoh a night as this without an overooat?" ; " No ooat I" I exolaimed, in a dozed sort ol a way— for tbe thought of tbe money, flash ing upon mo so suddenly, had almost stunned mo. Tho next moment I toro past her like a madman, as 1 was. Tho coat wbb gone I Then I was nnnerved. I grasped at the stair-rail, andcought it just in time to sup port myself, Oarrie oame running out, her faoe turning pale with alarm, " Ob, Fred 1 are you siok ? Let me call mother and the dootor. You axe as white as a sheet," "No, no, Carrio 1"! entreated, , " There, I am better now." ' And I was better. I was strong, all at onoo — desperately strong. And what brought about thia obango? The simple reoeipt whioh I had in my popkot, Anderson had nothing to show that the money had beon paid, and was not my unaided- word as good ae his? I was foolish enough to believe that I oould brave it through, and I grow aonfident and quite easy at onoo. " Thero, Oarrie, I am muoh better now. The room wbb too warm, I guess. So soma snoak-tbiot has dodged in and stolon my ooat! Well, let it go. It was only an old one, end I'll havo a bettor." " But was there anything in your pooket s?" asked Garxie, It is, etrange how suspicions guilt will make us. It really thought that Oarrio bub- peoted mo, and an angry reply was on the , end of my tongue, I suppressed it, however, and uttered a ffnlrehood in. otsad.. : I ' Nothing ol consequence, tfarrie. A good pair of gloves and some other trifling notions." " I am glad_ it is no worse, Fred. Now, ii yon will wait jnst a moment, I will get you one o£ fathor's coato to wear homo." Thus equipped 1 left her. You may guoes that my slumbers that night were not very sound, nor very refresh ing. I never passed a more miserable night, and in tho morning my haggard looks wore the subject of remark. " Why, Frod, you lddk rb thongh you had mot a legion ol ghosts .last night," said Winston. " What is tho matter ?" "I havo had a bad night of it," I an swered, with a siokly smilo. " And you'll havo another, if yon're not oarefal. Yon had better . keep quiet to-day. By-tke-way, did you write to Anderson J" I do not know how I managed to roply, for tho question sot mo to shivering from b:ad to foot, and I was so week that I oould Boaraely sit in my ohair. I must havo anawored in tho affirmative, however, for ho eaid: , " Then wo may look for something irom him to-morrow, or tho next day?" Im mediately alter ho added, " Why, Frod, you shiver as though you bad the ague, and you aro ewoating like a bntaher i You're sisk, man. Gome I jump into my carriage, and I'll tako you home." I was glad of the ahanae to get away, and reaching my room, I looked myeelf in. Wineton sent a dootor round, but I refused to see him. Thsn ho oame himself, but I would not open the door. The landlady oame, then somo of my fellow- boarders, bnt I turned them all away. Ah 1 those wero terrible hours that I passed and tho night ooming on brought me no relief. Oan you not guess what I was meditating 7 Coward tbat I was, I had at last resolved upon self- deBtruotion. I oommouaod my preparations with the eamo calmness and deliberation that I would have used in the most oommon transaction. I wrote a short explanation for Oarrie, another for Mr Wineton, a third for my poor mother, and I sealed them all. In a fourth envelope I enolosed tho receipt to Mr. Anderson. All this accomplished, I went to my secretary and took out the weapon of doath. It was simply a revolver, small and in- Bignifioant enough in appaaranoe, bnt all suffiaient. Having examined the oartridgos to make sure that thcro would bo no failuro, 1 sat down beforo the firo, and plaocd the oold muzzle to. my forehead. In another second I should have been life less, but just as my finger began to preaa the trigger there oamo a tap on my door. It startled_ me, and hastily concealing my weapon, I oalled out that I oould admit no one." " Not me, Frod 7" I know Carrie's voice, and yearning to look on her loved faoe got tbe mastery of me. Qnietly slipping the tell-tale letters, whioh 1 bad loft on the tablo, into my pooket, I opened the door. " Oh, Fred I you are real siok," exolaimed Oarrie, the moment the light loll on my face. "Why did you not eent for me? Aren't yon better?" " Worse," X answered, huskily ; " but Oarrie— good Heaven's I" As I ottered this exolamatlon I started baok, and then forward ; and then— I hardly know what, tor, hanging ooroBs Carrie's arm, was my overooat I Beaovering from my astonishment, I enatohed it from her, and throat my hand into the pooket. I drew out the two thousand two hundred and fifty pounds. Yon have heard about, and perhaps seen, the singular capers of a madman, or tho wild antias of those orazed with ram, or the grotesque dancing of savages. Well, judging From what Garrie told mo and from tho ap pearance of my apartment after it was all over, I am led to believe that, -vera it possible to oonaentrate the three above mentioned epeaies of demons into ono, thoir oopering and danoing would appear tame in compari son with mine that night. But I cooled down otter a while, and jaet in time to save Osrrio'e head a thump from tho ahair or tho WRBhBtand, wbioh I had selooted as partnors in my orazy waltz. Then £ aekod tor an explanation. It was the simploBt thing imaginable. I do not know why I had not thought of it before. It wsb simply a blander of CSrrie's father. He had mistaken my ooat for his own, and worn it down town, never dreaming that a email fortune was lying idly in one ol the pooketB. Woll, I didn't havo tbo brain fever over the affair, hot I was next door to it. I mado a olean broaet of the whole thiDg excepting my attempt, or, rather, my resolve, at self de struction. No ono over guessed that part of it, and I tell it to-day for tho first time. I sent Mr. Anderson his receipt, handed over the money to Mr Winston, and went right an with my duties, a wiser and better mera, I hopo. And to-morrow, God willing, I shall load Garrie to the altar. 