A ROIUGH IIITIATIOO , When Jack Wilder and I received our diplhmas as lawyer and physician respectively we talked of striking ouot for the wild and woolly West in quest of a fortune. We must look for a locality, I said to him, laughing, one day when we were laying our plans for the future, Swjhere the air is full of poison and- the people are constantly at loggerheads with each other. 'Why not make for Denver I said Jack. It's coming into prominence as a mioing centre. We will grow up with the place so to speak, and what we don't succeed in earning by our professions we can earn with our little -capital, in real estate speculations. Well, the short and the long: of it was that one fine morning, we found ourselves abroad a train, flying west ward, bound to Denver, by the way of XaariiaasCity.: - Ino those days there was no railroad tlFongl to the Pacific. At Kansas City we fell in with a party of hunters heading for Denver like ourselves, and we were soon in the saddles on tour long journey over the plains- a jd~rney'that proved so uneventful as to bi^drFedfully monotonous; and glad, i'd?de., vie were, in the dusk of a lowery day, when we at last came in agnifof our destination. "1Denver was then in its infancy, and a thoussad times more wretched look ing than my darkest dream had depicted. Imagine onelong and miry street, lined on either side with low roughly built, shanty-like houses, that looked for the most part as if a cyclone had swooped down upon them; here and there a building of two storeys that appeared inhabitable; a labyrinth of filthy lanes running in all directions-and there you have Denver as it was then. Our party halted at the first travern it came to ; that is to say, all but Jack and myself who, unable to stomach its appearance, wallowed on, stopping once to inquire of a miner for the best hotel in thr place, which he informed us was Pete Denny's, at the end of the street. As we rode up to this establishment in the deepening twilght we found a crowd of loungers about the entrance, which was through the bar-room. And a strange crowd it was.. Great slouch hats rolled down over shaggy brows; long unkempt hair .and beards; dirty woollen shirts of all colours; -broad belts in which were stuck.knives; high, coarse cowhide boots, plastered with yellow, clayey mud, such as we had been struggling through. One face in the motley assembly stirick me particularly. It was that of a ean of about forty, of powerful build, oversix feet tall, with slightly stooping shoulders. Covered with thick hair as high-as the cheek bone, it was scarred and seared as though its possessor had spenthis lifeprinocipally in scrimmages; added to which great yellowish green, owlish eyes, and a prominent beak like nose made it decidedly repulsive. Dismounting, we took our large valises from the backs of our horses, which we left in charge of the ostler, and made our way through the crowd of idlers to the bar oom. As I passed the:described individual, be-looked me squarely in the eye and winked familiarly. Nifiplussed by the fellow's bold im pudence, I stared at him a second, when he winked at me again with a smirk. His brazenness was so cool, his pro. ceeding so extraordinary, that a sudden impulse seized me to laugh in his face and wink back at him, as if I took his -impudence in good part. Whereat he laughed also, winked knowingly, while the surrounding crowd grinned. As I immediately passed with J.ack into the bar room, the latter nudged me in the ribs, whispering, Keep cool, George, keep cool ! No row, for God's sake I Don't mind the loafer. Never fear, I replied. I've got my temper by the horns. As I stepped to the bar to secue the best accommodation the place afforded, I found myself follo eal by the ruffian and his crowd. - Drinks 'all round, Pete ! he drawled out, at the expense of the tenderfeet, accompanying his order with, al wink at the bloated fellow behind--the bar; then at me again. To be sure, said I, laughing, though I was boiling over with rage; drinks all round, landord. The gentleman took the words out of my mouth. My friend and I areindeed two tenderfeet, as you call us Eastern boys, just arrivedl among you. So let's have the drinks by way of a preliminary introduction. The crowd, won by my seeming good nature, gave a cheer, and proceeded to attack the bottles which Pete set out for them. You can have the spare room, gentle men, said Pete, and your supper will be ready in a few minutes. I suppose you would like to go to your room to wash I Here, Winking Ike, show the gentleman up to the spare room.' The one designated by this euphon ions cognomen was none other than the bully who had been annoying me. So now it was evident that be was in the habit of winking, or else he had an affection of the facial nerves, which caused him to wink involuntarily. A part of his conduct therefore was excusable. Taking up a lighted tallow candle, which Pete had placed on the bar, Winking Ike gave me a wink, and starred toward a narrow side door, with Jack and myself at his heels. Ascending a dark flight of stairs, he let us into a passage, at the end of which was the spare room, a medium sized, carpetless apartment, conta;ning two small cots, a couple of dilapidated chairs, a washstand, and a little round table, upon which he placed the candle, saying to me in a low, mysterious tone, his impudent, bullying manner changed suddenly to one of certain respect. We looked for you two days ago, doctor-you and your friend here-and had begun to get pretty skeery when we found you didn't show up. Every thing's all right so far; there's no I suspicion. You've got what you need in them things there, pointing to my valise, and you'll not set to work till the house's all quiet, for walls have ears. Pete'll close up to-night extra early on purpose to give you more time to do thejob. You'll find it in there, I le concluded, indicating with a jerk of I his thumb a side door in the room, and at the same time, basking suddenly to I the entrance, with an expression of fear en to his ugly face, while his owl's eyes I kept winking and blinking. Utteruly a~asmd, I triad to speak, -ied to sad veis as ask him what ba was driving at. Indeed, Jack's tongue seemed tied, too, and the fellow had already backed out of the room and shut the door quickly, and we heard him go bounding down the dark stairs as if a ghost was after him, before either of us could open our mouths to articulate a sound. - Well, said I, finally turning to Jack who appeared to be coming out of a stupor, what do we make out of this- from the beginning I I make out of it. he replied with an effort, that we are in for some strange adventure. What did he mean by it, setting to work, doing the job-to say nothing of what else he said f Evidently we shall find that out by opening that side door which he in dicated. And he called me doctor. How the deuce does he know I am a doctor I All this looks like a real mystery, Jack. Shall we follow up l I am with you, said Jack, starting towards the side door. I caught him by the arm. "Go slow, my boy. Remember his warn aboit the walls having ears and not going to work till the house was quiet. Let's wait, and ask .no quest ions, lest we betray- ourselves. The more I think of it the more I am con vinced that he has, in some unaccount able way, mistaken us for other people. Who 1 What sort I Of course I cannot conjecture. But certain it is, we 'are not supposed to be here for any good purpose. Didn't you notice how frightened he looked when he spoke of it Yes, said Jack, and that leads me to believe that we are on the point of making some important discovery-1I cannot imagine what-but which' will bring that villian, and perhaps Pete himself into the toils of the law. Having delivered himself of this sage conclusion, Jack washed himself, and after I had done likewise, we went below to see about supper, exerting ourselves to our utmost to appear as unconcerned as possible. Neither Winkinng Ike nor his com panions were anywhere to be seen, and the landlord, who was waiting on'some new customer, directed us to the dining room, slyly handing me, as he did so, something wrapped in paper which felt like a key. On sitting down to supper I opened the paper, and, sure enough, I found it contained a door' key, while on the paper were scrawled several lines, which I made out to read as follows This Key fits the Dore between the rooms-don't unlock it till-the house is still-don't kum to Baragin tonite and luk out for people in Room on'tother side of partition- you will find bags in Closet in Room. After supper we went directly to our room taking with us a large lamp, which the old bag that waited on us had lighted for our use. It was then ten o'clock. Through the partition on the right, opposite the door opening into the other room, we heard voices :and listened. It was some miners judging by their talk, discussing business matters. These were doubtless the people against whom the note had warned us. They did not separate till midnight, and I can assure the reader it was a long wait for us-for Jack and me. Soon after we heard them go out; I the house became as still as death. Then, with a" strange feeling creeping over me, I bade Jack take up the lamp, and going on tiptoe to the side door, I unlocked it very carefully, so as not to make the slightest noise, and slowly opened it. A aamp chilly air struck our faces and the light flared up. The windows of the room were raised, but the shut ters were closed tight. We entered. There was no carpet on the floor, and no furniture, seve a long deal table in the middle of the room. To the right, in the farther corner, was a cot, with a blanket thrown over it; to the left a closet. Well, I was on the point of saying, Isee no mystery in this, when Jack, who was between me and the farther corner, holding the lamp, started back suddenly and clutched my arm. Heavens, George ! he said, in a hoarse whisper, there's something covered up on the cot ! The hand with which he held the lamp shook so that, fearing he would drop it, I took it from, and, in breath. less suspense, we went on tiptoe to the cot. Yes, there was certainly something under the" blanket. Somethid that looked like the top of a human head peeped out I pulled down the blanket a llttle, and a ghastly face, framed by long, brown hair, stared at us with its glassy eyes! Horrified,I recoiled, and set the lamp upon the deal table, while Jaek staggered bsck against the table, mur muringo For God's sake, George, what does this mean ' It means, I replied, mastering my emotion, it means that we stand face to face with the victiln of a crime-a murdered woman-choked to death ! Choked I gasped Jack, How do you kriow that 1 It's very evident, I made answer, ap. preaching the cot': again. See for yourself, and I showed Jack, at the throat, several darlik marks, like the imprints of fingers. There, I said gravely, are the irrefutable proofs. To the medical eye they are crying wit nesses! Cover, it up again, George I the sight is too horribls! moaned Jack. We must not disturb it-it must be left just as we found it! and seizing the blanket with a shudder, he pulled it over the staring face. And now what's to he done I he con. tinued. Our first step is undoubtedly to go and lodge a complaint against this Winking Ike and Pete, the land lord. We must do so at once. Iot so fast, my boy. Do you imagine we would be allowed to leave this house by stealth at this hour I No, indeed ! We are supposed to ben What I asked Jack impatiently, as I paused. Catting the body up, of course, so that they can conveniently dispose of it-bury the pieces separately, no doubt. Isn't the matter clear to you now 1 Jack looked at me aghast. And the bagel; I putsued going to the closet and taking out three or four large grain sacks- Why, these are to hold the pieces? Jack's eyes began to bulge out of their sockets, and, in pitying the poor devil, I took up the llap, and, leading him softly into the other room, looked the door after us. He dropped upon one of the cots, while I, onsaig a vsalse, took setmy two loaded revolvers, and going up to him said in a whisper: Take this revolver and keep your wits about you. Certain it is that either Winking Ike or the landlord will be here before daylight to see whether we have done the job. Who. ever comes we most be prepared for him. It's a matter of life or death with us. Then, seating myself by the little table, I waited anxiously for the next act in the frightful dama. It was drawing near to three in the morning when I heard soft footsteps in the passage approaching the door and presently there came a light knock. I motioned to Jack, and when I opened the door in walked Winking Ike and Pete, the landlord, only to find them selves confronted suddenly with two revolvers aimed straight at' their breasts. At the same time I cried out Hands up I My God, don't shoot! the two worthies stammered simultaneously, throwing up their hands. No harm was meant ! What ! No harm, you villians ! It was a cold blooded murder II said vehemently. "Winking Ike burst out laughing, winking furiously, while from every part of the house seemed to come an explosion of shouts, and into the room rushed a score of miners. . The fact is, pard, said Winking Ike, suppressing his mirth, we've been pretty hard on you and your friend. But that's the initiation we generally give to all new tenderfeet-a pretty good skeer, that's all. And really, in the first place, it was intended for two tenderfeet friends of ours w, expected two days ago. But -when they didn't come, and we seen yous coming up the street, so innocent-like, we' couldn't' resist the tenimptation to play the joke' off on you, and with several rapid winks, Winking Ike walked to the door of the adjoining room, one of the miners following him with the lamp, and, unlocking it with another key, three it open, walked to the cot, and amid a roar of laughter, jerked out from under the blanket by the hair the wax bust of a woman i!-" Philadelphia Press." 