?AMOffG The Boxers. JOE CHOYNSKI Writes a Chatty Letter. PETEU JACKSON AND COKUKTT. Jim Quigloy's 'Win. DOOLEI AND TUT HYAN. Melbourne lloxin? Notes. tF. Boll Ontclnssoil— Futuro Conlosts— Jim Burge anil Tom Foy — Another Not Club— English nnil American Notes And Notions— Iloxlng ut Wya Ion^— Dunn 'nil Fognrty Hatched — Latest BIol bourno News, &o.; (By ' The Amateur.') Tlioro nro lottors nt tho Referee offico for Jiiu Barge, Jack fuller, and U. Porry. ? ? ? Jim Burgo will probably nccopfc nn on Ragomcnt to box at Wyalong within tho next few wooks. ? ? ? ? Mr. Stuii. Grimwood, tho roforoo of tho Cumberland A.C., is now in Sydney. Ho is a roal good sort, and as straight as thoy \- ? ? Jim Quigloy had a soft thing on hand when ho mot and dofentod big ' Boll.' The latter was nuvor in it, and had not tho ghost of a chance. ? ? ? Artio Tally and Dummy Maco aro matched to box tho best of twenty rounds in Molbourno on July 7 noxt. Tully, fit and well, should win. ? no, John L. Sullivan is still a big favorito in America. Ho has boon doing good busi nosa lately at Jacobs' Third Avonuo 'i'heatro. Now York. ? ? ? Jim Hull is endeavoring to havo another cat at 1'itzsiinmoiiB. At latest dates thero nppearod a likelihood of either ho or Stovo O'Donncll being matched with Petor Mahor. ? ? ? Thus Jack M'Auliffe, tho popular Amori can Champion Light-woight, in roply to an Intorviowoc recently : — ' JackBOn will do Corbott as sure as gospel if they ever moot.' If thoy ever do. ? ? ? In anawortoTom Foy's challongo, Burgo requests mo to stato that ho is only too Trilling to accommodato Toy, provided ono of tho Melbouruo clubs will offer a decont purso. Burge can find backing to any reasonable amount. ? ? ? Tom Nolson is anxion3 to nccopfc the challengo thrown out by Jiui Burge. Ho is willing to box him tho best of twonty rounds nt Ost 71b for a reasonable purso, tho contest to tako place within six weeks from signing articles. ? ? ? Edward Tweedy, of Pyrmont, is anxious to fight Doss Patterson ' in privato ' for as juucii :ia mo latter cau nna, tno contest; to talto placo within three weeks from signing articles. If Patterson means business ho must post a forfeit at this offico as a guarantee of good faith. ? ? ? ' ' ? .' It is said that Jim Corbott will shortly appo-,ir in a new play, written to order, entitled 'Modern Society.' Tho sporting public, howovor, aro much more anxiouB to know when, whore, and with whom Pom pfidour Jim will appear in tho ring again. Tho fight between ' Shadow' Mabor and 'Bobby Dobbs, which should havo taken placo at tho Twin City Athletic Club, Minneapolis, on tho 2nd ult., was doclarod o£f, Billy Maber having injured his arm while exorcising tho previous Sunday. ? ? « On Saturday, May 5, Potor Jackson, Parson Davies, and Joe Choynski closed thedr 'Undo Tom's Cabin' season at Boston, TJ.S.A. Davios had no definite plans for Potor thon, owing to tho un Bettlod nature of tho Corbott- JackBon matter. Tho dusky champion has done well us an actor. ? ? ? Although he fought a good, gamo battlo Tvith Joo Walcott in Boston last month, Tom Tracoy's stock has fallen considor nbly in Yankeelond. Another go might plnco tho clover Victorian in a different position. Ho was boomed up to such an eortcnt that something extraordinary was expected of him. ? ? ? According to our latest advices Jimmy Gallagbor, of Pittsburg, and Jerry Mar shall, of Australia, had boon matched to fight to a finish in or nonr PitUburg lato last month. That match must havo boon doclarod off, or probably tho contest with Gloa ivaa an outcome of a decision in favor of tho colored Australian as against GeJlnghor. ? ? ? Toddy Glen, stylod ' Champion Foathor 'woight of WeBtorn Pennsylvania,' whom tho cnblo informed us Jerry Mar3hall dofoatod last wook, issued a challenge at tho beginning of May to fight Iko 'Weir, Goorgo Lavigno, Griffo, or tho ' Kon tuoVy Rosobud' at 1181b for lOOOdol. n-sido, or ho would moot Jorry Marshall ' for anything from a nutmeg up to lO.OOOdol.' ? ? ? During a discussion in Jiow York some ?weoks back, on the relativo merits of tho two cloverost big men in tho world, Ed. Nail, a sporting man of repute in the city named, rnado tho following offer : — ' If Corbott agrees to box Jackson twonty rounds, I will wager EOOOdol that Potor gota tho decision. If a fight to a finish I will bet 10,000dol that Jackaon puts Cor bett to Bloop.' ? ? ? Articles signed on tho tho 3rd of May rftipul.itod that Dixon and Oriffo woro to havo met in a fiftoon rounds' content, for tho Feather-weight Championship of tho World, in UoBton, on Monday last, both to weigh in at noon— 1201b lining tho limit —for a sfciko of COOOdol anido. An offer from tho National Sporting Club, England, of a .£500 purso, was rofuBed by both innn. Dixon had an abscosa romovod from his oyo a faw weeks before ? ? ? Miko Donovan, tbo veteran middle, weight, nml boxing instructor of tho Now York Athletic Club, baa considorablo of int«roat to say in a letter to tho Chicago Timeh regarding tho noxfc big fight. Following iB an oxcorpt thoro from : — ' Jackson always tnlko to the point, and no honest man can help but see that he means business. Aa to Corbett, his talk is all bombast, and ho cannot mako the American pooplo boliovo that Jncknon is ' trying to get out of a fight. If any thing, tho boot fits tho other foot. J.ick son in an honest and straight- forward innn, and evorybodv knows it. Of cnurso Cor bott is a wonderful boxur, but that is all I can say in his favor' Theso bo good words for Potor. ? ? ? Boxing taught thoroughly for 2 guincaa by ' Tom Mondowa, nt 88 Gooriro-fltrcot West, near K«ilwar Station, or jiny3-l am! boo him teach others ev ry evening from 7 Mil 1O.» I havo boon favored with tho following lottor, writton by Joo Choynski to Mr. J-\ E. Diamond, of this city, and as it contains a lot of valuable information, I havo buon requested to jmblisU the oamo in this iasuo : — ? Clovoland, 0., April W, 1801. Doar Prioud,— Your woliioiuo letters mid pnpora I rocoivod O.K., nud I was really pleased to hour of your ooutiuued good houlth. I niiiBt toll you our uouaou in rapidly drawing towards its end. Wo play Boston uoxt wook, mid thon I think wo nlm!l disband. I limy toll you, without tho least hit of egotism, thut iiinoo wo sturtod on tho roail with 'Unolo Tom's Cabin' our success Iuih ulinoBt boou unprecodoutod. Whorovor.wo woro billod to appear, tho theatres woro ulwuys pnokod from iloor to coiling, mid tho roouption given to 1'utor Jaokaon ma Unolo Tom) nud 'tho othor mombora of tho ocunuany was nlwnys of tho meat gratifying description. I uood scarcely toll you thut Fotor and iuyaolf fool duoply griovod at tho broaking-up of suoh an uxcollont ooninany.'and from 5uoh a friond ami muimgor as Parson Davios, but you know all things must hitvo an and, and noouor or hitor tho boat of friondji must part and Buy ' Good-bye.' llowovor, I shall bo ablo to tako a long-wianocl. for rest. I havo boon sufforiuv for Homo tiniu from catarrh and a aoro throat, and now I shall bo ablo to roturu homo and obtaiu moilioiil aid and rost, and I havo no doubt in tho courso of a wook or two I shall bo alright UKnin. I may toll you that Potor Juoksou is iu primo condition, iiuii was uorer iu battor hoalth in his lifo. Potor hits givou up all hopos of ovor mooting Corhott. Tho ontsido world know very littlo of Corbott's trickory and 'BhuQling iu ordor to ovudo a mout* ing with Potor. It's only known to Parson Bavios, l'otor, and inynolf ; nud although tlioro is a largo Hum of finonoy up as forfoit, hold iu snfo koopinif, still this atarrini; Pom padour i« throwinx tlio most trivial obstucloa in tho way to avoid coming into coutuut with Jackson. Corhott knows well iu his hoart that Jaokson is his niastor. lie knows that if ovor Fotcr gots him within a 21ft ring his prostigo kg a olmmpion would bo gone, and his lighting days oror. No doubt ho calls to mind tho bronking-up Paddy Slnvin roooivod from l'otor when thoy mot in London and Pompadour Jim Howovor, Parson Davios aud Potor will shortly sail for London in tho hopo of finally dooiding aa to whoro tho contest will tako plaeo. Potor loaves horo fully dotorminod to corner Corbott, who ia at present nhowing iu ' Goutloman Jack,' at tho Drnry-liiuo Thoatro, and compol him to sign articlos to moot him within a fair and roauonablo timo, or brand him a coward and run him out of tho country. Potor is quito agreonble to box on any toruis, tho host of twonty rounds or to a tinisb, iu a 10ft, 20ft, or,2-Ut ring, for tho best purso available, and .£1000 side wager. Surely theso terms aro us fair as any man ean offer, and if Corbott can not bo drawn iuto a mooting with Potor on thoso conditions in England, whoro thoro will ho a ' fair Hold and no favor,' thon Jackson will continue his thoatricnl profession, awl leave Corbott to whino and crawl out of his coutemptiblo conduct as bost as ho can. It's vory likely I shall follow Poter to London. On April 19, at Boston, Joo Waloott, tho iuky- huod woltor-woight, dofcatod Tom Traooy in sixtoon rounds. Thoro' aro various reports about this contest. Somo Bay that Tracoy had not boen taking tho beet earo of himself siuco ho wont East ; others Bay that tlie watch hold by tho tioiokeopor wan a Watorbury, aud only cost 2dol, and had stopped going a wook prior to the contost. Anyhow, tho light was givou toWalqott, aud it has placod him among the likoly candidatos for tho World's Welter-weight Championship1. Dau Croedou mot Diok iMooro in Minnea polis tho night before lost, 27th, and cliiarly proved his superiority in oight rounds. No donbt you havo hoard of tho 'holy show' that Griffo mado of Lavigno, Van Hoost, . Smith, Woir, Griffin, and Billy Murphy, aud suoh work ought to satisfy tho sporting public of this country that us far us Griffo is concorhod, ho is almost on tho top of tho pedcBtal, but thoro nro hundrods of sports iu this country who tako sides with jorry Marshall, aud avor that Griffo and Marshall are the ouly genuine candidates for the World's ?Foathor- weight Championship, and must oven tually como together. I am glad to toll you that boxing will boom up again in America, ayo,'stroiigor than evor. Tho Supreme Court in New Orleans has do olarod boxing coutosts, with 5oz gloves, legal, aud tho eame decision has boon rocordod in tho cose of tho Conoy Island Club. Bob Fitzsimmous challenged mo tho other day through the papers, aud I wont to tho ollioo to meet him, but ho Jiad boon, thoro bofore mo, aud loft a message stating ha would bo unable to make a match thou, as ho was going on tour with his Theatrical Co. for nix months, aud whou it was ovor ho would ho quito willing to fix up a match. I expect Stevo O'Donnoll and mysolf will bo matobod shortly. Humors nro Hying about in all directions notifying that such things will happen. All I cau Bay ia I am ready aud willing at any moment to sign articles. I am souding you the latest photo I havo had taken ; you will notico I am in tho pink of conditiou. Poto will Bond you ono by. tho Alamcda. I am sending a letter in your caro for Mr. Faddy Brogan ; kindly give it to him. Pete wishes to bo kindly roraombercd to all his frionds in tho colonies, aud do tho same for your sincere- friend, Joe Ciioxkski. 