THE N OVELIST. [COPYRIOUT.] TALMUD; & Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNIDE ON NATURAL FACTS, ar IVAN DEXTER. SOHAPTER IV. (Continued.) FIaKs CREEK, Retracing their step thbey again sur 'veyed the southern declivity, but with *olut'ii beingg inn thbo least': enlightened. IThey could not help noticin; that the sounds on the south were iu?ch louder 'thnn those on tho north, but that did inot help them to a solution of their cnaso. " Its no use our remaining here," isaid Strangway, with a pucZiiil air. " Let us go back to tlo lhories, anl get round this pnllc. We will only go as far as yonder range, and then we will start for Ihorno alninl, We have dis covered somle exeellent pitasltic ccountry lonig here, nnl tlle head watnora of this creek aru withouti doult pIrmlusilcnt." " Yes that is n corlninty, and some of those l plain s cnross to the cnt wonld imnako splenndid pastures. WV have at least found thant Centrl Australin, so So for ls we liavo gono is not a barren waste," replied Stanley. 'Without further conversntion they re traced their steps to wlhere the horses were tied, and which were evincing mil. inistnkeanlo indications of fear. le lensing tlio animals, the Iravellers Inad n slight detour so as to nvoid thll peak, and iafterwnrds made in tho direction (ct the connecting spaur which led to tho rango. I We should reach tho end to-mnorrow Tom, and since leaving Eyr oe o hve had Inoreason to complain of our luck," sani Strangwiy. "It wns conroundly 'bd ip to that titme though," was tie reply. I" Igllt might ave liev worse," camo thio sententious answer. On coming to tll belt of jiungle nt the fool of tihe connecting spur, Strnng way expected to get a shot at a wallaby or a bird, but lie was diOapl pointed. So fMr ns tlhe ien could sco thero was not snulicient looting cm tile csmooth surface or tll, half rounded spur for a rock wallaby to get a hold, and the scrib at the bottlm anppeared to be deselr(e by niminli life, even as the vicinity of t.lu Iaterfall ews. " This is a ntrange place altogether. hA while back we couldget as niichI game ns we liked, bit there is nothing abont iore," exclimled Stn ley. ". cinnllot ucdcrstnnd it. 'h'lcre must hb soimciiethiig whichl friglilels the aniii!alis vway. t' Cunlid undeiastnd tio' nnises it thel falls doing so, but thiey aro Snot lheard nlont here." It was Stanley who spolke, and ieo had scnreely finishled when lthe siuie queer boomling solund stlnola their enre, coming Siippareul ly froml the vicinity io tiher ocky spur. The two imen looked nt each other for n few imomenCIts, anld a shade of nlpprehension crossed I leir faces. " Wu hlia only a few uliles further to go, Tom, and we imny na well finish 0out journey, hut lhad I heard these , suinds lifly miles further back, I would have turneid lackl," Stranlgwny said. " Let ius flinish icy ill means.i Sonnds will never hurt us," Stilllry replied in ct delinlnt tone. ilnst, leforo sinsetl they reached ltiu base of tlio riuage, nnd piltchd their caniui illn narrow, but ferlile valley, at thle end of lwhich roso iup i pyrauiinial block of lhugh rocks. A suall livulct rin down the elutre, nnd tlire was ian aliunihiant supiply of wood, inid forang for tile lilorsm . Hadi it not, beenc for the ilyslelions sounds Ileard during thl diay, th pilanc would lnae oelemld a perfect gircili'n of Edeil to the explorers, after their long travel through sterilo trucls. As it wis a gloom hunig over both -fl tliem. Liko Bnilors of tio old tilm, when in i lio foga and tiirages ofl tlle itackles oceau, they fancied they saw thle plhanloit of tih Flying Dutclhilnn, iincl heard llio dread , voice of tile spectre on deck. Strnlng wayn in Il' s coinpnlion lind n present ; n .mnt'thait someithinlg weird and uncanny Swal anloiit to allpplen.l Tlcey did not, voice their fears, buit after securing .l110 ' horses close to th0 cnmp, they mnade the place tls comfortablo as possible under the circumlstances.' As they lay down with their lilrns ready to linnd, they wleru both inwardly ileuased thtn on tlli inor'rw they would begin tlie renlrn jouriey. For several hoilre, neitier llan slept, nnd it was well on to morn ing whlun slumber fell upon their tired bodies. Tlh stil was streaming brightly on theml ore Ihey awoke, Stanley winl tile lirst to sit upllright, and til rising sun strclclinig into tlio newly 'opened eyes, caused lhiii to losn his .vitsion for a . feiw iiolenals. .: Asl i i3'. ' ' 'light riiv stronger, lie tulrned lils gnazo ,in tIhe direction of the hlorses.: They wa or there sure enoilghl, nud ho jumped to his feet, for standing i olllnigst them Il saw llthe orni of ia llln clad in a garb, thi like ofi wlicl Iue hnd never seen. CHIAPTER V. , BACK 'lOa ' Tlc cIIAVIu , Lik?o a nstaii theo hardy explorer stood for .n full miniuute, trying to .localo tihostringeo being ho snw namongst thlio horses, lint thle llore hu tried, tihe S.linoro iiystilled lio becnlai, Fromn thi t inclons of tllu iman hao ccmust bo blicd,. IHo. seomled to lbe grolping rounlid in a 'dazed sort of iminncer, as if iu?icerlnin So[ his positloul, nd wlhnl thlo cniinials hbitorolcim wure. Stciley did noat lmlas 'long, bilt going to Strai?ngray iho awolk ' lim. ' Whllca' thle iiciltter 'Tons." tilh lender asl.ud, sittlnlg uip nad rubbillg Isis For answer. his colmrado poineld to 4" tlo rudo corral iu wlichi thie orsos wee 0 plnced, alnd whilei wuorl becoming sotieO. b cwhat restivet rarty.pbliidod.liko lia cominde by the strong beams of tire liting sun, Strangway for fully half a minute could not see the startling ob ject which attracted his friend's atten lion. Suddenly, however, his features lighted iup in that strange manner typified when consciousness asserts its dominisn over the mind, and for a full tniieno he was silent. " What is it 7" he at length gasped ou?t. --...... " I don't know," came:bth curt res ponse. Seizing his rifle in one hand, and the shot gun in the other, Strangway stood up saying- .- . I "This may be only some plot to do us harm. Don't forget thi sounds we heard yesterday. That fellow is trying to carry off our horses, so as to make as rIore helpless, but he will die first. As lie finished speaking, lie sank on one knee, and rose his rifle to take aim at tie strange creature amongst tite horses, but Stanley restrained hinm,'The ex-seaman had a longer opportunity of judging tie Ihuman apparition than his companion, and taking his arm hie said : " Ion't shoot, for I think tihe fellow is mad. If their was a plot to take tire horses it would not be carried olt in daylight, Iut, whilst we slept. Watch the man .or a minuto or two. 'B alppears to be blind." "Strangway thus adjured, paused, and tihe longer his observation, tire more codivinced ie. was that his co:n; taiies opinion desired full ronsideration., " Yes," he at length said, " Let us watch for a few minutes-or. raither 1 will watch hinh, and you keep guard in tire rear. Tlere is something extra ordinary.about Ibre you know, and we cannot be too careful." Whilst Stanley turned to watch in the opposite direction, occasionally turning his uead in the direction of where the horses stood, Strangway closely ob. served the unexpected intruder. That pcrsocngo seemed to be utterly oblivions of til fact that tire two ex plorers were about, for all his attention was fixed on the horses. Occasionally hie would stand and put ris hands to his head, as if in extreme perplexity, and then he would advance as near as he could to the retreating horses. His apparent desire seemed to be rather to examine the animals than to capture them. That was patent from his method of procedure, * and at length Strangway was so convinced that the man was 'daft' that he decided to take some action. At first he was deterred by teo extraordinary appearance ol the inan's dress, Like n dream there rose before him pictures, whiiclh lie had seen wlhen a boy, of lhe supposed garb of pre historic mnan, in days when the world was,young., In-lle British Museum' lie had been shown the dress as remodelled frotm Archaic carvings-of an ancient Burmese, but though the style appeared something like the same, the colors were altogether different. Strangway was a tfiin of action,- ad his mind- was soon mtade up. " Tol,'' ie called to ihis companion "let us capture that fellow, and if lie Iries to escape we will sloot him. Is your revolver alright 1 as we may need all our wealpons." " Yes I all ready to tight, but don't let us do so unless there is a real re cesilty," came tire reply. " I will not throw n ehot away," answered Slrangway, Proceeding rnutiously towards tire spot where the horses were placed, with levelled wealpons,, tihl two irmen got within twenlyyards of (lie mysterions new colmer, and the closer lhey drew the more astonished lthey be:came. The exposed parts or Ihis skin were almost pure white whilst lhe lhair and board were nearly the sanie ine. It was not a natural white, but a kind of bleancied color. Thie man wore ino head covering, but a kind of gosw wnssuspended from hIis shoulders, and reached to his feet. It was of a light brown line-whiat is popularly known as a dirty white, and appeared to he closely pnlited. This it first did not strike tihe two .pectators so much, as subsequently, for they were tooemuch in terested in thie movements of the man. He wag still moving about in a half dazed fashion amongst the horses, and at last Strangway, unable to contain his surprise, shouted " Hey!" Thn elfect was electrical. In an instant the queer tlling turned in the 'direction of thei sound, and an expresiaon of runutterable emotion flashed across 'Ill features. Strangway repeated the call and then with arms half otstretched tire inmau camu towards them. A small tree was in the road, but as he nearly reached it lie turned aside, thus showing thalt lie was not absolutely blind. Ho did not seem to bo armed, and this fact some what re-assured Strangway and his companion, but still his uncanny ap pearance, causel themi no small amiount of suspiciouns fear. Within half a dozen paces of the two men lie stopped and gave a low cry. It was Iruman at any rate, bitl quite unintelllgible. As lie tihus stood, tire feelings of thli two explorrs anmounted to almost absoluto terror. Had the newcomer been blnck or in fact had a tribe of aboriginals ap 1eared, they would have bleen undaunted, but this substantial ghost, so to speak, was appalling to look upon, Tlihe blanched wliteness of tire face gave tile impression that tire bright red blood of mortal nman did not course beneath sncl n skin, yet tihe apparition had just uttered a soutnd. -Btanley had rend someweiere of these monsters called' vanmpires, and the appearansce they were sluposed to present, Instinltively tire object before him recalled tihe vampire legend so fmi as the colour was con corned, but as lie looked thi ex-sentman softened, for in, the expression of the fancl he snw either cruelty nor thlrst for blood, " WhIo, and wht are yotu " nganih called Straugwny. Aa thie rvleo satlnlcled, the hItlinn np ariltion again ndvnnred,,land wvlel willh tit a coutple of yirds of tine explorers, lie snw tlleu anll slubnld Ireisoit. As they ikeenly scanuncid lls faeo they could see thnt lli1 eyes were ahnost closted, nnd Llilnkingns if tho strong h.fllt. of _tho son hurt them. He appeared asif over come with emotion, at seeing Strangway and Stanley, but was as dumb as the un communicating muteness of a fish, " Where do you come from 7" Stanley queered. The man thus addressed appeared to ponder confusedly for a few moments, and tllen as a gleam of intelligence lighted up his features, lie pointed downward to the earth, and uttered something, which sounded like : " There I" If anything was wanted to confirm the explorers impression that their strange visitor was half diabolic in hlii nature, this supplied thel point. A And yet the more they saw of him, the les. fear asserted itself. " L can't make him out, Tom. I have read of fear turning a persons linir white in i single night, and if so, may it not have the samn ellect ua thie ifce." " Perhaps," lie ndded, with n esudden burst of inspiration " this may tle somelI lost white ian, lwhose solitary wander ings in these lonely districts have' nmade silly." . " Perhaps so," asserted Stanley, shaking his head doubtfully. " He may be hungry too. Let is' give Ilin something to eat, if lhe will have it," continued tile leader. SYes." " Come and have something to eat," Strangway ;aid to the cilent man iJn frcnt of him, at the sarne time pointing to the camp. " You forget that he can scarcely see a couple of yartl ahead. Look lt his eyes, " interrupted Stanley. Strangway, with a muttered assent went close to tbho man, and again, repenting his invitation, pointed to tile camp. Tile lack lustra eyes followed the ex tended linger and then as the lehder moved on the newcomer slowly folluowed. The camp fire of tile night vwas just smouldering, nod as tle explorer's iqueer visitor saw the smoke eo sieeedt to be almost childishly interested in it.. After gathering sorne wood Stanley placed it on thle enmbers and it sson blazed up. 'Ie weird llooking imnn could not repress his feelings at this and laughed with simplu glee nt the siglt. Tle merriment was tllie mnost lhuman like and natural whichl Strang way and Stanley lhad yet heard, and it considerably reassured thein, VWilost Stanley prepared breakfast his conradeo watched the oman opposite himn who wins intently gazing into the fire, and froni tlnt to the busy figure of tle ex-sen man, It almost ecemed to Strnngwsy that eaclh moment saw a change in tihe face of Ilis visitor, At leilst ie alp peared to become more icn symepallty with himself, and gradually Ilia feeling of repulsion begnn to die away, "Make some tea," lie snid to Stanley whose turn it was to prepare the menl. A considerable qunntity of ten lend been.. carried - by the ex. plorerr, lint latterly the supply was gettig low snd it was only used occasionally. Whilst breakfast was being prepared Stranig way intently studied his visitor llt did not speak to himi, and, indeed hel even forgot to fill Iis usual morning pipe is inrtenely interested was lie. A jan tin of ten was handed to the " vainlile" is Stanley yet persisted, in calling himii, and after smelling it a couple of tinles and tasting it lie drank it off with avidity, and rising to his feet, walkled a few steps to Stanley nild leld out tih tin for more; That at least wvns iocinble and convinced the scnianl these was a lposiblility of Iis being wrong in his theory. Vanmpirrs were not sup posed to be fond of tea. Tlle tea tes given and consumed, and tlen tle lin seemed to be an object of absorbing interest to the new comer. Sonie kippered herrings were also produced, and alter a short examination were evidently relished by the semi-blind man. m" ie is able to eat and drink what we do. That is a good sign," Stanley said. "1 wonder if lie can smioke ?" Strangway remarked as ho had just thought of Iisi pipe. Stanley did not reply for lie too in the excitement of tile morning inad forgotten tle soothing seed, And ans bueily engaged filling his piipe. When the two men began to pull tle fragreint clouds of tobacco smoke which pervndedil th6 morning air, it appeared as if an old forgotton perfunie lad fallen upon tboe senses of the man opposite them. Hl snilfed the air like a bloodhound just finding the trail. and after a few minutes lie went to Stanley anid withl beseeching lookl stretched out his band . "Get him one of the spare pipes Tom," Strangway said. Through- the iuntimely deaths of Daniels and O'Hnllotns thliere were ecveral 'pare pipes left and wilth lcnrly good natnlur tihe seaman Ihnndecd tilh imploring: visitor Ilis own liglhted pipe and got a spoar one for . himself. The pale stranger instantly pet thio pipe Io his lips and commenced puffing awny as' if his life depended on the operntili)n, and his enjoyment was so evident tlhat even a child isight hlave noticed it, "He likes a smoke, Tom," Strang way remarked niter a few minutes watchling. " My word lihe does. He puts n in stind of the crow of the Sanl i An n5i who were caslnways on n Pncilic island for, thlreo years.. My skipper rescued thomn and they wore berthed in tihe fore castle. In twenty four hours thlere wasn't a plug of tobacco on board and we lind to smoke ten leaves or anyllting. ivw could fill our pipes witlh for tlie remaindelr of the voyage," Stanley nnswered. Whlen the pipeo was inearly emptlied Strnngway went anid at bcsidol hi visilsr wiho received hhin withl n smile of gratified recognition, T'lhe explorer could tnot help rellnarleilng thlat the sight of the nowcoIIesr was getting better. He could now see. tile Ilsove intent of the horses, utld thie snisnaiso nllforded lhini qullo n milne of interest. ". Wlat's your nname?" tie lenader naked abruptly.' . \-----.L (To5. .3csT.lxaO ,) T a 