APARLIAMENTARY GHOST. (W. H. Devenish, in Phil May's Winter Annual.) THERE seemed no doubt on the point. Mr McFadden really was dead. An evening paper first made the sad event known to the world by an- nouncing the unexpected decease of the well-known member for Swillborough. No one attached much importance to the authority of the halfpenny journal, because a large percentage of its news was was habitually evolved out of the inner consciousness of its talented sub-editor. But in this case, by mistake, the Even- ing Twinkler seemed to be quite accurate, for the morning papers fol- lowed suit, and some of them even published a brief biography of the deceased. In the House of Commons the event caused more discussion than in the country at large, for Mr McFadden was one of those gentlemen who have a large circle of friends, and a still larger circle of acquaintances; and thus his departure from the scenes in which he had been so familiar produced a greater void than would have been caused by the loss of many more eminent men. For an eminent man McFadden cer- tainly was not, though a pleasant, jolly- looking fellow enough, with his white hair and red convivial countenance. In particular, the London letters of the chief provincial papers were full of anecdotes about him — some compli- mentary, some perhaps the reverse, but all tending to show him in the light of a good-natured, cheerful humorist. One chatty scribe explained, with much internal chuckling and many roguish inuendos, how Mr. McFadden would send to newly-elected members bogus notes from the Speaker, inviting them to take part in the debate. Of course, the poor victims, when they rose in their places, trembling with anxiety, and with their hats full of MSS., never caught the Speaker's eye, and com- plained bitterly that they had been slighted by that high official. Another paragraph described how Mr McFadden had been accused by a political op- ponent of being the worse for liquor, and had cheerfully replied : — "That may be. Very likely I am drunk to-night, but I shall be sober to-morrow. Your disease, on the contrary, is incurable, for you are a fool to-night, and shall be a fool to- morrow." It cannot be said that the witticisms reported were either very refined or showed much intelligence, but they were such as would be appreciated either at a farmers' ordinary or at a meeting of commercial travellers. The London correspondents really did their best for their deceased benefactor. Mr. McFadden had been to them quite a little gold mine, for it was his practice to spend all the day collecting bits of gossip, which he would dispense freely to any one who chose to talk with him as he grew mellow towards the evening. The result was that a moment's chat with him meant for the eager journalists of the inner lobby at least a three-and sixpenny, if not a five-shilling, para- graph. It must be admitted that this habitual tendency towards inebriety as the evening wore on was not much to the credit of a legislator ; but Mr McFadden declared that he was the victim of circumstances, having been forced into indulgence in strong liquors against his will and his natural tastes. In proof of this assertion he brought forward the fact that he had once voted for Sunday Closing. His explanation of his weak- ness was a simple one. He said that he represented a constituency of hard drinkers, who took a great interest in the proceedings of the House of Com- mons. He was therefore called out every five minutes by some constituent or other who wanted either to get a ticket for the Stranger's Gallery, or to be taken over the House, or to sit out on the terrace. As McFadden stood every visitor a drink, and also drank with them to show good fellowship, he had naturally to get through a con- siderable number of brandies and sodas in the course of the day. In fact, only long training and a hard head enabled him to last out his numerous and thirsty supporters. It must not be supposed that Mr. McFadden became intoxicated or misconducted himself owing to the trials to which he was subjected. It is true that he grew noisy after dinner, that he told some- what pointless jokes, and laughed very loudly at them himself, that he moved about with a free, rolling gait, and greeted every one with effusive affec- tion; but, still, even the strictest policeman, if he had met him in the streets of London, would have been willing to swear that, though he had been drinking, he was not drunk. It appeared that his death had taken place very unexpectedly at Boulogne, from failure of the heart's action ; and there he was buried three days after- wards in the English cemetery, his funeral being, as the daily papers stated, quite a private one, attended only by two or three relations. Members of both sides of the House lamented his loss in the usual conventional terms. "Poor old McFadden! Who would have thought he would have gone so soon? Why, it is only three weeks ago that I saw him with a constituent at the bar here." But in a week's time some new topic attracted their attention, and his name was heard no more in their midst ; in a fortnight he had been completely for- gotten, except by his faithful constitu- ents of Swillborough, who would no longer enjoy free drinks whenever they happened to be in the neighbourhood of Westminster. It so happened, however, that the Speaker had not received official intelligence of the late member's death, and therefore he was officially ignorant of news that was the common position of the whole world. As the result of this state of things, the leader of the late member's party had not yet applied for a new writ, and Swillborough was still nominally repre- sented by James Gustavus McFadden, "manufacturer of bone manure, and privately educated," to quote from his biography in a popular Guide to Parlia- ment. Exactly a fortnight from the day of McFadden-s death the House was engaged on a dreary Bill, which pro- posed to provide deserving paupers with tobacco out of the rates. The author had introduced many safeguards to prevent this privilege being abused. Thus, the tobacco was to be smoked, and not chewed; it was for men, not women ; its quality was defined, and its quantity limited. As a result no member took the slightest interest in the discussion, with the exception of half a dozen tobacco manufacturers, who were engaged in proving that they alone supplied the article which was required, and that all other tobacco was either deleterious or too expensive. The dinner-hour had arrived, and the House was occupied by some five mem- bers. There was the unfortunate Minister in charge of the Bill, who lay back yawning on the Treasury Bench; three members of his party, who were told off to applaud him and keep him in countenance; and obstinate Scotch man, who was convinced that unless every clause was amended some griev- ance would be inflicted on his nation ; and a Parnellite, who had fallen asleep in a comfortable corner. The Speaker sat in his chair, with his head resting on his chest, one leg crossed over the other, and the ends of his wig hanging down over his shoulders, dozing in a well-assumed attitude of vigilance, whilst the Scotchman quoted unin- telligible technicalities about Scotch Local Government, which only a Scotch- man could understand, and in which he even would take but little interest. As the orator prosed on, partly for the purpose of filling up time, partly to air his own fads, a slight disturbance could be heard from the inner lobby, and the glass doors of the House swung sud- denly open. The Scotchman did not at first take the trouble to look round, but his remarks were cut short by a sudden change which came over the Speaker. That dignified official, from some reason or other, was in a state of great agita- tion ; his naturally pale face had turned a livid white ; he had half risen to his feet, and was clutching the arms of his chair in his excitement. The Scotch- man stared at the Speaker, thinking at first that he had been taken suddenly ill, but he saw that the well-known Speaker's eye was fixed on some object in the distance. Expecting to be called to order after the usual form, he looked round, and, as he did so, the flood of his oratory was dried up. He paused with open mouth, and his MMS. notes one by one fluttered down on to the floor, slipping from his trembling hand. For there, standing in the doorway, was the figure of Mr. McFadden. There could be no mistake about it and no delusion. The broad red face, the white hair and beard, the Falstaffian figure, and the expression of half-tipsy gravity were sufficient at once to identify the form as that of the deceased member. Even the very peculiarities of his clothing had been re-produced ; the figure was wearing the well-known curly-brimmed hat very much on one side; the white waistcoat, and the large check trousers. Not only that, but last and most complete piece of evidence — the figure had undoubtedly dined freely ; a pleasant sort of smile played about its lips, and it rolled as it walked with a certain unsteadi- ness borm of the third bottle of Perrier Jonet. With perfect re- spectfulness the dead politician bowed to the chair, and then tacked up the gangway to take his place in his well- known corner seat, three rows behind the front Opposition bench. His ad- vance, however, was too much for the nerves of the other occupants of the House. The Speaker, gathering his robes, scuttled hastily away through the private entrance behind the chair ; the clerks quickly followed him, and even the Sergeant-at-Arms so far lost his pre- sence of mind as to leave unprotected and exposed the Sacred Maco itself. The Press Gallery was empty, but the Strangers' Gallery was nearly full, and those in it were left staring in surprise at the sudden clearance of the House without any notice or formal adjourn- ment. Even the ghost itself seemed somewhat taken aback, for it smiled vaguely, and shaking one hand in the air muttered indistinctly, "Mosh in- comphrensible, I'shure you. Mosh in- comprehensible, I'shure you." Mean- time, the news was spreading through the Strangers' Gallery, for there hap- pened to be a Swillborough man present who knew James Gustavus well by sight. They conversed with one another in awestruck whispers, and then gradu- ally slunk out, each showing a strong dislike to be the last to leave. It might be supposed that such an event would have been chronicled in every paper in the kingdom the next day. Such, however, was not the case. The representatives of the different news agencies and chief London papers held a hurried consultation together, and came to the conclusion that the safest course would be to ignore the whole affair; and therefore the only reference to be found to the exciting incident just recorded consisted of the brief announcement that "the House adjourned unexpectedly at 7.30." In three or four days the excitement reached fever height at St. Stephen's. The few members who were fortunate enough to have been present when the event occurred found them- selves the heroes of the hour. Everyone wanted to make their ac- quaintance, and to hear from them over and over again the strange story. The House of Commons police kept repeat- ing it to their friends and acquaintances in the outer lobby, and at last the Psychical Research Society sent down an emissary to investigate the matter scientifically. So strong a hold did the story take on the legislative mind that a marked reluctance to remain in the House during the dinner hour was plainly shown. However popular James Gustavus might have been in the flesh, no one wanted to see him in the spirit. The frightened legislators were there- fore re-assured, though and somewhat annoyed at having been taken in, when, a few days after the strange appearance, the newspaper boys where shouting round Westminster, "Serious charges against a late M.P.," and the following police case report appeared : — "James Gustavus McFadden, late M.P. for Swillborough, was brought up before Mr Pawn, at Bow-street, this morning, charged with having em- bezzled £16,000 held in trust by him for Henry and James Speedwell. "Mr Warsaw, Q.C., who appeared for the Treasury, said the late Mr Speed- well had been Mayor of Swillborough. On his death he made Mr. McFadden trustee far his two infant children. Suspicion had been aroused by the difficulty experienced in getting the dividends paid, and their mother, Mrs. Speedwell, at last applied to the Court of Chancery and got an order for accounts. As soon as this order was served upon him, Mr. McFadden hur- riedly left England for Boulogne, after producing what purported to be a list of the investments in which the trust funds were held. From Boulogne there came a report, which was re-produced in all the papers, to the effect that he had died suddenly, and an elaborate account of his funeral followed. Meantime, inquiries made by Mrs. Speedwell's solicitors showed that £16,000 worth of shares in the Peninsula Railway had been sold out and could not be traced. Evidence would be produced showing that Mr McFadden had appropriated the proceeds and applied them to his own purposes. It would appear that im- mediately after his supposed funeral Mr. McFadden returned to London. In fact, there could be but little doubt that he had caused the report of his death to be spread about in order to avoid the consequences of his embezzle- ment. So far, no one had suspected the fraud; but, unfortunately for the success of the scheme, it would seem that one night the prisoner became intoxicated, and while in this condition, according to his usual custom went down to the House of Commons, where his appearance created considerable astonishment and some alarm. Al- though no accounts had appeared in the papers, yet this event became the topic of common conversation, being generally attributed to supernatural agency. But Mrs. Speedwell's solicitors thought it more advisable to send a representative over to Boulogne to make inquiries. Their agent was unable to trace any death as having happened there on the day mentioned, whilst no person of the name of McFadden had been buried in the English cemetery for many years past. Under these circumstances they com- municated with Scotland Yard, with the result that the prisoner had been arrested the night before at a small private hotel in the Euston Road. "Mr Warsaw produced in evidence the will of Mr. Speedwell, and also called Mrs. Speedwell and Mr Hakem, of the firm of Hakem and Stoke, who were her solicitors and also solicitors to the trustees. The prisoner, who seemed to feel his position very keenly, was committed for trial, the magistrate refusing bail.' Such was the startling news con- tained in the evening papers. At the trial at the Old Bailey, Mr. Warsaw's statement was borne out in every par- ticular. The sham death, the re- appearance, and the embezzlement were all established on the plainest evidence. In the result, the unfortunate old man was found guilty, and sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. It did not appear that he had any special inten- tion of defrauding his dead friends' children, but with his sodden brain he placidly muddled away all the money which came into his hands. The only individual who expressed no surprise was the little fat Parnellite, who had been fast asleep during Mr. McFadden's last appearance in the House of Commons. "Ah, me bhoy," he would remark confidentially, "there's many a dead man walking about as live as you or me." The woodpecker exerts a force with his bill against a tree equivalent pro portionately to that of & 20 ton trip hammer. 