" / the run of sixty-seven. It was in Colorado, ono of the wildest and roughest railroads I know of. Tbo rond was stocked with engines, and to fncihato tho ehmblng of tho hoavy grades they had small driving wheels. - I ivns fireman on 67; whioh was used m tho passenger service. She lmd tko largest drivers on thu road, and they only measured 48 mohes lb diameter. ! . ' ' Matt Irwin was tho engineer. Bixty-sovcu had just boon housed niter a run, I wns filling tho oils; and Matt was hauling off his overalls, whon Mr.-Fox, the superintendent, climbed into tbe can, ; After a few commonplace remarks he, asked abruptly: " , " Matt, how soon can 07 go out ? " . " Justus soon I can pullonmy.overalls," was the reply. " Her steam hasn't beon out yet,- and her fire hasn't boon drown." The superintendent looked ntbothof ns very hard, as though be was seizing us up, and then he said, awful solemn : " Matt, you've 1 been with us a long time. You've been tried and not found wanting. To- 1 night wo oail upon -you to perform the most dangerous pieco- of work yet. Will you do it ? " - ' ' " What is it ?" ho asked; " There's been n big mistake made in tbo' higher offices— but that is not for - lis to criti cise— aud there ia but one way to rectify it." . Hero the superintendent's voice sunk almost . to a whisper. '!Ono hundred and fifty thousand dol ars in gold has got -to. be in B-r— before midnight, to connect with the. Eastern express, and you're tho mau selected to take it through." That was all. Ho jumped off and disappeared. For somo time Matt and I sat staring at each other, then ho slid off his seat and said : " This won't do ! . Supper, Harry, supper ! Wo haven't muoh timo to lose. ; It only lacks a few minutes of b!x. ' Bo back before the quarter." I was back on time, but Matt was there be fore mc. Ho had lighted tho shaded steam gauge lamp, nnd stood scanning a small pieco of- pasteboard," "WLatdo you make 'of this, Harry P" . ho asked, as I climbed up beside him. " I found \- it pinned to my cushion. ' On it was scrawled the words : Danger! Don't pull tho wild freight to night, if you value your lives. . A True Friend. "It makes it that someone besides the super intendent nnd tiB knows of it," I replied, tho cold shivers beginning to chase each other up -my spinal column. " There's danger ahead I" " Ay, tliure is danger ahead, my boy," nnd old Matt spolro softer than I bad overheard him before. " If you want to— . " I'll go where you lead," I replied quiokly. " Thon we'll go through if it takes the wheels out from under." And without waiting for the hostler to run the engine out, old Matt baoked her .on to the turntablo, where tho wipers got her round, nnd then we backed down lo tho offices, where four trusty men soon had the square safe, under the coal, A few minutes later wo were coupled on to a half dozen omply freight cars nnd a caboose. - " There's your orders," oried Jimmy Counor, Old Matt looked them over, and we began to move out of town. " We've got a clear track," he said, looking at me, and then ho drew up the corners of his mouth, and I looked for a quick run. Before wo reached the outskirts of tho town the rain began to come down in a perfect deluge. " Good night for wasliover s," he said, " and woehovers are ns bad as washouts." It was all down grade, and all the steam used was to ruu the air pump. I had .only to keep the firo alive. Eight miles down wo rail past a small slation where a freight train was aide tracked. It had perhaps a dozen cars. Just before wo readied ib I sawn man dart in between two of tho cars to escape the head light. Wo were half way down the Haversaok grade, with a straight stretch of track- and a long, curve before us, whon Matt looked aoross and said : "-I'm afraid the little pasteboard was only a scare. If " There was a flash of light hohind, the rattle of coat," and Bob Duncan, the forward brakes man, stood iu the cab. His face was as white as a ghost'. " Shut her down— shut hor ' down, for heaven's sake I" ho shouted. "A freight's broken looso, and is coming down the grade at two miles a minute !" Matt Irwin never lost his bead, and with n coolness that comes to few men in time of danger, he asked, " How do you know ?" i "Been ber by a flash of lightning. O'Connor and Billy have jumped. And thqn he Bwung out on tho stop and dis appeared. " Jump if you want to, Harry," palled old Matt. " I'm golug to stick to hor." I gave one look out at tha Egyptian darkness, and concluded that I would stay with old Matt. " Keep your uyo peeled for her," ho oried, and commenced to lot 67 out." " There sho is !" I ahouted. And there it was, sure enough. It bad just como out of a cut. One of the boxes was on firo, tbo flame streaming back half a oar length, and cutting through the air like a meteor. " She's fuur miles behind," said old Matt, " and coming four fcot to our ono. If we can get round the curve there is a show of her jumping. And then began the tcrriblo ride. Ho hooked a linlc to the first notch and then opeuod the throttle. With seven cars behind us we shot down tho grade of 175 feet to tha mile. Sixty-seven sot low in her frame, but every, low joint mug iter bell for an eighth of a mile. She jumped und swayed aud threatened to leave tbo rails. Tha wind shrieked around us liko a thousand demons, und tho rain poured against the windows in a perfect stream. . . " There's danger ahead and death behind," shouted the old unginccr. " If the rain loosens & boulder aud drops it on the track " I shuddered. Thore was the blasted pine that marked llio curve. The next eocond wo reached it. For a moment I thought it was all ovor. Then 67 righted. ' There was a sharp jerk. Wo forced ahead fnator, and our seven cars cleared tha roud bud nnd went down llio bluff with a crush thnt was heard above the storm, leaving a olonr track fori tho runaway behind that was coming as swift and surena deatb. If tho runaway got arouud the curve, tbe probabilities wore that no should be knocked- from tbe track into tho ri vor.. Wo were very near to tho bottom now, w.hcro tho roadbed followed, llio. river, and tho engineers were cautioned not to run over fifteen miles per hour. But ardors were not rcspeoted that night.. Wo wero making thirty milca per hour, when a flash of lightning showed mo that dark string of cars coming round tho curve,. Tho hlazingbox was on tho opposite eido and invisihip. Old Matt gave 07 - tho ateqm. so suddenly she seemed lo jtmipfrom under os.but tho runaway was uot mora than half a mile behind and com-, ing with tho speed of a tornado. ' V. . There was no getting out of the way; Iqa moment it would he on us. I imagined ! could, sco tho black mass coming down upon us in tbo darkness, wbcu a heavy rumble was heard, foi-. lowed by a tromondoun crash. ' Tho rain had loosened the rook 'and dirt overhanving tho track, and it only needed the jar of 67 to eot it jn motion,. , _ ' -' Something like 1,000 tons of debris roiled on. to tho track din-ctly bohind us. and into this those runaway cars plunged,. But wo did not find llus ont until afterward- Matt kept 67 up to what was a tremendous speed on H"t traclc.Shn plunged and1 rolled and : ran g uecvl continually. A dozen times- 1 I thought we . were going into the river. . AYo pulled through all right, but Hug was rnV last ttlp. lYfcculgfttcff tho engine my hair was streaked, with grey, and now it ls wblto ns snow. For somo time it was: thought that the run-, away oars had. broke loose, but tho oumpnny- became suspicious end had the case loqkgd; Into. with, tuo result-, of running; dowu, noma tougb.clmractqrs. who. lln,-il)y confessed to eq,t-. hue; theot loqzo With .tbo intention pf ditching ua between Uarersacfc: grade, and the bottom, nnd eectirute tbu- treasure.. Old Mutt b»a retired from the road . but I do not think- tbnt either he or I shall sver fprget the run oC 6T- Wuax do yqu. -call, thus naked Officer McGobb. as he pulled, a dangerous-looking bludgeon oub of thei pookqb ot ids prison er Thab is called, a -'life preserver, ' answered tho doreUct-. ." Anr f\rah tight havo you with a life proeefvor. 01 would liko takuQW ?"- v.'" Because I belong to tho. floating- population s soot' i But the officer refused to sas, ; ' it 