Ladies’ Gossip. Another woman of mark—Hme. Iioecklin Schwartz, many 3‘oars of whose life have keen devoted to good works—haa received what is still to be considered, where a woman is con cerned, tho highest reward of merit—namely, the Cross of tho Legion of Honor. The small number of women who have the right to wear the red ribbon—they are not more than twenty, sven when reckoning the members of the religious nuisiug communities—renders this a distinction of the highest order. Vastly dif ferent is the violet ribbon belonging to the Palmos Acadeniiques, which has of late years been almost too generously awarded for ser vices ill defined. The special character of this honorable grade is too often lost to sight, and persona are admitted into the list who have never done much to further educa tion in any form ; but this year the Govern ment has been somewhat moro circumspect. [ Among tho nominations that appeared last week were Bevernl femalo names. Tho dreadful tragedy which occurred the other day in tho Rtio des Martyrs, when a family consisting of father, mother and daughter put an end to thoir lives to escape the shame and troubles of growing poverty, has caused a great deal of comment and much very real com miseration. All their preparations 6eem to have been made wifii a stoicism that savors of the anticpie, and which one would hardly expect to find in an average middle-class household. Rather unfairly, perhaps, tho opponents of ad vanced education for women sot the tragedy down to tho effects of an artistic training on an insufficiently biased mind : for many refuse to admit that tho project could have been con ceived by either of the parents, but must have originated with the daughter, who had receivod a superior education to her father and mother, and was both a musician and an artist. That her failure to secure a position as a teacher of music, or to got her pastels accepted at the Salon, preyed upon the youDggirl’s mind—she was only twenty-three—was probable; and perhaps, her mental superiority over her parents may have influenced them. I like (says a writer to an English paper), some of the nursery superstitions. Tho thief in die candle; the stranger in the tea cup; the a&me; that lurks in the coffee grounds; the tabbies in the tea cup that mean kissos: lucky noiioy: the burning of tho right or left ears; he itching of tho nose; the itching of the eyes; | timing the money at tho new moon; the io“1iducuions.“t(t' w&laf;!f£ 'maim hing for tho Thirteenth Club to celebrate ome of these superstitious; an enormous lumber can be collected. The Folk-Lore | ■ocioty ; tho author of the “ Golden Bough ; l he Psvchicnl Society could contribute hun dreds of theso pretty, idle, merry httlo super ititions. But the club muBt invite girls to its I ovonings. Wliat, for instance, without gwls to -o out and lookjfor it, is tho use of the now moon? Without girls to counteract tho warning, what 1b the good of an itching nose f And, of course, for tho Thirteenth Club there are iost magnificent openings in the shape of ghosts of a"l kinds. But these things jvdl follow in uuo course ; Lika Joko ingenious young gentleman is a most In thc Ncw Testament tho twelve founda tions of tho New Jerusalem are represented as of so many precious stones, comprising the amethyst, beryl, chrysolito, chrysopraso, chal cedony, emerald, jacinth, jospor, sapphire, Birdius, sardonyx, and topaz. The twelve foundations by some are supposed to represent as mauv apostolic virtues, such as : I. AmethyrBt—Sobriety and temperance. o' Beryl—Goodness of mind at all times. 3\. Chaleodony—Ardent zeal. •1. Chrysolite—Restrained by no obstacles. 5\. Chrysoprase-—Severity towards sin. g". Emerald—Sauvity of manner. 7\. Jasper—Firmness and constancy. _ S. Hyacinth or Jacinth—Calmness in all ;i. Sapphire — Heavenly and beautiful ' thoughts. . , . 10\. Sardtus— Readiness lor martyrdom. II. Sardonyx—Variety in teaching. Id. Topaz—Healing power. 