TURF TOPICS' AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br-ASMODEUB. Keluotant though the: exooutivo of tho Yio- toria Racing Olnb has shown itself to apply the pruning knife to the Molbourno Gup, tbotimo lias arrived whon the forced oondition of affairs admitted- no further toleranoo of false sentimentality on this- delioate point, anil the great event of tho turf calendar has at last sharod tho inevitable fate wliioh has overtaken the wholo- of tho other items contained in the annual bill1 of faro issued by the loading organisation. By cutting down the stake to one half its previous abnormal value, the oommittee has done about the right thing ; and unless the oolony's affairs gonoraliy undergo considerable improvement; I apprehend nfurthor roduotion will be found necessary by the time another yoar has flitted over our heads. By reduoing the mono tary value of our principal racing event, we are only following the example sot us by the turf in Amotion and in England, where mammoth Btakcs have ccnaod to be fashionable for some time past, This being tho ease the drop which lias taken place in the Melbourne Oup will entail no loss of prestige or doorcase of popularity. We ean confidently look forward to sco it " the samo old Oup " next November. There can be little doubt that the pruning operation ought to have keen performed 12 months ago ; it was as inevitable then as it is compulsory now. Much as our premier racing nssoointion owes its present influential position amongst tho world's corporate sporting bodies to the widespread popularity of tho Molbourno Cup, the club bns during tlio last four years felt keenly tho annual burdon of £10,000 necessary to sustain tho monetary status of the great raea. It may be aocaptcd as a significant commentary on the changed state of tho times, as eanoerning the Melbourne Cup in its relationship to tho Y.R.O. Spring Mooting, that the profits of tho last Cup anniversary were not nenrly so large as whon the two mile rnoo was subsi dised to the extent of only £500. It is usofnl to know, and, moreover, a faot well worth meditation, that the most successful meeting held at Flemington was in the year (1888) tho Oup received £3000 added money. Tlio proflt on that occasion amounted to £25,355. This big haul induced tho oiub to increase the subsidy to £5000 the following year, when the profits decreased to £17,851. This was still regarded as eminently satisfactory, so muoh so that it was thou the £10,000 craze seized tho ruling body. Singularly enough, tho finatioial tide, which flowed with such volubility and strength on tho occasion of each yearly ocoupa- tion of the famous Saltwater Flat, began to fall considerably short of the flood mark instantly the Cup booame a " ten thousand pounder the golden waters have continued to recede ever eineo, till the maintenance of an annual prize of £10,000 is no longer possible. All lovei headed persons will agree with me that the Y.R.C. has suffered 110 loss of dignity by reduo ing its pat prize to £5000. The Cup still main tains its plaoo among tho riohost races of the world. What higher ambition is neosBsnry ? In reduoing the fixed value of this year's raoo the exooutivo Iras likowiso given hoed to the necessity of making things eorrospondingly oasy, or nenriy so, for owners, and the privilege of oompoting for tho still handsome prize has been reduced from 50 sovs. to 30 sovs., a conces sion wliioh is bound to moot with unanimous approval at tho hands of nominators in this and adjoining colonies. In addition to retrenching tho prinoipnl raoo of tho year the aominittoe has found it expedient to decrease tho remaining events of the Spring Mooting to the extent of £2550, wliioh is, nftcr all, not very muoh indi vidually,. since this reduotion extends in tho aggrogate over 20 events. In every iustanee tho foes have been regulated in similar proportion. The reduotionB have in like aimiiitude been ex tended to tho Now Year's day meoting, but tbo only events of the autumn so far dealt with aro tho Champion Stakes and Ascot Yale Stakos, tlio former having been out down from £1500 to £1000 and the latter from £1000 to £600. By thus cur tailing the monetary value of its programme the-Y.R.0. Iras only followed an oxample which the obanged state of the times has foroed itself upon- every other publio institution in the colony, as on every raeroantile firm, publio and private, and, indeed, on almost ovory individual member of the oommunity. Retrenchment, as we all knoiv, is the univorsal watohword, and owners therefore havo no renson to complain of tho polioy adopted by tho V.R.O, . In point of liberality the stakes still oomparo favorably with those dispensed by the leading raoing associa tions in other parts of tho world j and as times improve, asi everybody hope they will at no dis tant date, owners of horses will bo the 'first to reap the benofit thereof,, in so far as the Flemingtan exeontive is conoernod.. Ever. Bince Mr. Crooke throw opon the gates at Aspondalo ' Park ho haB nevor held a more successful meeting tlian- that celebrated last -Saturday, when- tho crowded oondition of the -inside and outside enclosures must have been as muolvB mattor for aurpriao as satisfaction to the proprietor/ Thon, again,, the fields at- recent \- suburban meetings have been.se uniformlysmall'. tlrat few people- were proparod for tho-immeuse improvement' that -presented- itself -in this respeot; - there being. 13'- runners in tlio Trial Stakes. W in the Hurdle Race, 16 in the Half- imllo Flat Raoo; 17 in tho Welter Handicap and 14 in tho ABp'endale Park Handicap. Thie remarknblodnoreoBe in the fields serves to show itbat suburban1 raoing still1 retains considerable -vitality, and that wo- oan, therefore; look hope fully to tho oirouit of metropolitan fixtures to rolieve , muoh of tho monotony associated- with -the "off"' season, ' 'now imminent; The weather' oomsldorably aocelorated tho enjoy ment of those who patronised Aspeudaie Park, the afternoon being an ideal one. The increased fields' necessarily rendered Mr. Godfrey- Watson's labora with- the flag more- diffioult than usual; but the several despatches .were,- nevertheless; uniformly even j in faot, I never romember soeing-Mr. Watson got through an afternoon's workin better style. Tlio prosenoo nt tho poet of a steward in tho person of Mr. Georgo Davis doubtless contributed in a measure' to the sucaess achieved. The practico is ono whioh should be followed1 at all meetings ; it strengthens the starter's hands by cansing the jockeys to be more amenable to discipline through being under the immediate surveillance of a stowardi Tho oiroumstanee of the fields being unusually- lnrga did not- deter' short prices being aeccptad about the favorites, and as baokers soorod right away with a 7 to 4 chanoo in a field of 13, they' were content to ncoopt uncommonly crampqd figuros about Buooeeding favorites, with par ticularly disastrous results. For'instanco7 to 4 about Brownie in a field of 14', 6 to 4 about Nobody in a field of 16, 6 to 4 . about Oliiron in a field of 17, and 4 to 1 about Devon in a field uf 14, all of which wero defeated. Singularly enough, threo of those spiritedly supported candidates ran aecond' and the other third, rather hard for their supporters, whose ill fortuno was. very apparent in oonnoctlon with Chiron, who would most assuredly have won tho Welter Handicap but for being interfered with on approaching tho home turn, at whioh point he was running over his field, when the favorite, stumbled through something crossing him. It was Chiron's easy dofeat of those opposed to him in tho Trial Stakes whioh oaused suoh short odds to be acopted in tho Wolter Hiindioap, in whioh the unsoxed son of Prometheus and Aspen carried no penalty. Chiron is a vety level and mus cular gelding, and in both his races he finished in a style whioh impressed mo with tho belief that he will yet show that he possesses stamina as well as pace. He promises to do W. A. Fiigato consider able service at suburban meetings, and may some day succeed in better company. Mr. J. Paterson made a big effort to repeat his success ful double coup of the previous Saturday with Nobody and Devon, but ha had to put up with seoond honors in eaoh inatanoo ; and, as he very naively put it, had he left, his horses at home he would havo been a good winnor. Paddy was so palpably turning it up at the finish of the Half Mile Fiat Raoe, that it only required another few strides for him to be overhauled by Nobody, who bogati muoh more slowly than did tho chestnut ; and as Davon was twice disap pointed in the Aspendale Park Handioap, Mr. Peterson's luck was not of the boat. Two oonspiouous contestants during tile afternoon were Watercress and Tomplestowo, who suc ceeded in compiling a eouple of strikingly similar porformances, insofar as after each had run seoond in thoir initial essays, they scoured a winning braokot at the seoond time of neking. One of. the chiof surprises of the day was furnished by Mirabiiis, whoso first attompt it was over hurdles. He cut down with the utmost ease a red hot favorite in Brownio, behind whom were a dozen others, so tiiat the Hold was of muoh greater numerical strength than usually contest evonts of this description. Another flat racer in Strnhan made his ddbftt over tho email atioks, but ha oamo to grief after negotiating a few flights in slovenly fashion. Although there were only three competitors far tho Two-year-old Handioap, tho majority of speculators wore no more happy in their invest ments than in the preceding events, inesmuoh as Realgar was the least fancied of the trio. The expatriated Maxim left behind him a smart filly in Bluo Fire, who distinguished her- solf in Mr. G. C. Stead's colors at the recent meeting of the Canterbury Jookoy Club by winning the Champagne Stakes on the first day, and again proving victorious in tho rich Chal lenge Stakes, of 2000 sovs., on the second day. Being the initiator of the Challenge Stakes, Mr. Stcnd must have felt gratified by supplying the winner, more especially as the Canterbury sportsman bred Blue Fire, who is ono of the few desosndonis left in New Zealand by tbo Muakot ltorse. She is out of Sapphire, who in 1880 won the Y.R.O. Oaks, for tho late Mr. James White. At the dispersal of the Hobart- villa Stud Sapphire was purchased by Mr.. Stead, but she subsequently passed into tho bands of Mr. T. Morriu, and iB now located at Wellington Fark,. Lady Zetland . shared with Blue Fire tha honors of the Canterbury Jookoy Club meoting by taking the Great Easter and Great Autumn handioaps. She started second .favorite for tho first named raoo, but in the latter event her stable mato, Prime Warden, oarried more monoy, so that ber defeat of tba son of Apremont by a nook must have boon somewhat unexpected. Lady Zetland is a 6-year-old daughter of Perkin Warbeok IL and tbo Imported maro Forget-Me-Not, by King Lud (full brother to King Colo) from Myosotis, by Newminster. At tho Auckland Autumn Meoting tlio Easter Handioap, of 300. sovs., was won by Mr. Jamos Koan's b m Lottie, 4 yrs., by Muskapoer— Lady, bird, 8 st. 5 lb. In the Autumn Handicap Lottie had.to put up with defeat at the hands of Mrs.. E. Fraear'a oh 0 Royal Rose, 3 yrs., by King Colo— Rosalind,, 7 Bt 12 lb. A protest bslng lodged by Mr. J. Kean, the owner of Lottie, against the, winner, on tho ground of in. 'oonaiatent running,, the. stewards met to con sider the mntter. The trainer (Wright) and rider (Gallagher) wore examined, and tho handi- lOappor (Mr. Evett) was also called in as a wit- noss. , After. a. short deliberation it was. tin- bounded that the stewards hud disallowed, the protest. The running 'of Royal Rose may have been satisfaotorily explained' (Bays "Phaeton " in the Auckland JYcics), bat it will nevertheless bo long remembered as one of most glaring reversals of form, that have been seen at Ellers- lie. The seaside courses have of late been enjoying a remarkably successful inningB, and judging by the splendid entries with whiob Mr. George ;Mayger lias been favored, to-day's meeting at Epsom promises to emulate in overy respect the Bignal1 triumph achieved by Mr, Crooke at As pendale Park last Saturday. By way of an additional attraction; Mr. Mayger has provided a trotting eontest, whioh has seoured the large entry of 37, a oircum9tanea wliioh serves to show that trotting is not the declining sport some people were inclined to imagine. In- view of the promised largo fields, it is with extreme ap- prehonsion that I essay to pick the probable winnera ; for alitbat I liave no desire to siiirk tho unwholesome task, so here goes : HURDLERAOE. One mile and a half. SHANDON ... ... ... ... 1 THE LAYMAN ... 2 THE INDIAN ... ... ... 3 WELTER HANDICAP. Seven furlongs. CHIRON ... 1. TEMPLE3TOWE \\. ... 2 MELTONIAN... 1 ... ... 3 EPSOM HANDIOAP. Five furlongs and a half, . SCRIP ... ... ... I 1 BAREFOOT ... ... ... ... 2 TAURUS ... 3 STEEPLECHASE. Two miles. SOVEREIGN 1 BROWNIE ... ... ... ... 2 BROKER ... ... ... ... 3 SELLING RACK Six furlongs, YARMON ' 1 FUSEE 2 ENTICEMENT. 3 MORDIALLOC HANDICAP. One mile and' a quarter. LADY NELSON 1 , INSOMNIA ... 2 WOORAYL ... ... 3 A number of tho leading English sporting writers are agitating for the sppointmont ot a stipendiary eteward Ala our Y. R, O. The ap pointment of snch a functionary is deemed neoesBary in consequcnoo" of the masterly inac tivity whioh oharaoterises the ordinary honorary olfiolal who aots as steward. A raoing man of considerable experience reoently gave it as his opinion that never were steeplechasing and hurdle jumping at such a low obb morally as at the present time. Never, in bis opinion, and that opinion was confirmed by othera, were "shunts "so boldly and unblushingiy exploited, without the slightest notice beiug taken of them by apathetio stewards ; never a time when such foul riding was passed by without a rebuke— nay, even supported and upheld. Among those who favor tho appointment of a paid Jookey Oiub ofBoial is the well known authority " Rapier," who has penned some trenchant remarks on the inoapaoity of some stewards and the neoessity of appointing as stewards men "who know their duty, and are not afraid to do it." A steward, according to another well known writer, is looked upon as au ornamental figurehead, selected chiefly for his name, supposed to know somethingabout raoing, but in any difiioulty generally shirking the responsibility of giving judgment ; a good, easy man, not willing or wishing to hurt or injure, and only wanting to let wetl or ill alone. Are there not numbers of these men we oould all name ? What is the uso of lessees orowding tbo raoe oards with a lot of useless names when three good men, supposing they would stand, are amply sufUoient ? That is the groat point. Good stewards, who, to again quote " Rapier," " know their duty, and are not afraid to do it." The foul rider would then be sont to the limbo in whioh he has earned a place. Excellent acceptances have bean rceeived for tlio Rosohill Cup, nn event to be decided to-day, and whioh is creating no small interest amongst the turf men of New South Wales. The candi dates inelnde some of tho most successful per formers at the recont A.J.O. . Meeting, and a good oontcst is looked forward to. Poriraps the foremost borths may be filled by Borne of the following competitors :— ROSEHILL CUP. One mile nnd three furlongs. LADY TRENTON 1 THE TRIER 2 TRENCHANT 3 From what I hear a goodly number of Vic torian horses aro likely to make the final pay- mouts for the Goodwood Handioap and Adelaide Cap, due on Monday next. The prohibition of betting in South Australia haB not deterred a f..n «HfavnMai'ni> fTtrtf Avian nAnnillnrii frnm oncil ing books, and judging by the few transactions reeordod, there is a disposition to instal Tho Arab favorite for the short distanoe raoo, while Vakeel lias met with support for tho Oup at 8 to 1. Mr. J. Paterson'a pair, Devon and No body, as well as their stable companion, Foxtail, are supposed to be amongst those who arc under order for Adelaide. Aooording to Baily and other recognised authorities sport in England under National Hunt rules has sunk quite to the level reoently depioted by our London correspondent, " Cos mopolitan," This is what a contributor to the forenamed magazine has to say on the subject : — " Poor steepleohasiug 1 Better that it should die the death from inanition than that aooursod roguery should stain the fair repute of a sport called " national.", Whore aro the men of the N.H. who will not only .sootoh but' kill these reptiles ? Among all tho good names on the committed,, there are three or four more promi- nent in attending meetings under N.H. rules than others. We appoal to Mr. Ceoil Howard, to Lord Rendloshara, to Sir William Throek- morton, to Mr. Hedworth Barclay, to General. Byrne, to Mr. O. A. Egerton, to do something to stamp out this foul .blot." . Notwithstanding tho neoessity of having to pursue a polioy of retrenchment in respeot to .future stakes, the V.R.O. has issuod a vqry pre sentable programme for the Queon's Birthday Meeting at' Flomington. The principal item con tained therein is the Birthday Handicap of 350 sovs., one mile and a half. Then comes the Steeplechase, of 300 'sovs, about two miles and alralf. The three remnlnlng evonts are each of 200 sovs., viz., ths Royal' Handicap, of six-fur longs; Handioap Hurdle Raos, of two miles1 and a half, and Two- Year-Old Handicap, of. flvo furlongs and a half. As all nominations ara limited to 1 sov,, thero ought to be a good entry on Monday, 23rd April, Forty-four nominations have been received for the Tasmanian Raoing Club Derby; to bo run" in the spring of 1895. This is an inoreaso of 13 over tbo total of' 1894, and 17 in excess of'the number of entries handed in for 1893. Mr.' O.' S. Agnew is tho Iargost Bupportor, with nine nominations, principally the get of his own sire, The Assyrian. Mr. J, Oarr-Lord namss a trio, as also do Mr. S. M. Wilson and Mr, G. W. Field. Mr.- R. G. Talbot, Mr. Rod. O'Connor and Mr. W. V. Field forward a eonple. Several fresh nominators are represented. The sires Town Moor and Oakloigh are well represented; in addition to the stallions whoso stook have taken' part in previous events. When tho nominations for the V.R.C. Grand National Hiirdla Raoo become due in May noxt, the inclusion of Liberator's name therein is re garded as a most likely oiroumstanee.' With two suoh important raoes on the flat as a Duuedlh Oup and a Wanganui Cup on the top of a Now Zealand Grand National Hurdle Race to the erodit of the consistent son of Betrayer,: I am somewhat afraid (says " Phaeton") that .the impost Mr. Dakin will feel impelled to award the New Zoalander will not bo of a, sufficiently favorable oharactcr to induoe his party to under take the journey. From the eame source I gather that we are likely to form a very high opinion of the olaes- of jumpers whioh they have in New Zealand. Liborator, tho hero of the last Grand National Hurdlo Race, subsequently showod his ability on ths flat by winning the Duncdin and Wan ganui Gups ; and now Kulnine, the hero of the same battle over the small sticks in tho preced ing year, lms distinguished himself by silencing a spocdy lot in a six furlong flutter by winning. theTempleton Handioap at Riccarton, whioh task ho is oredited with completing in the dip ping time of 1 min. 16 see. Signs of the approach of another'season with the Meibourne Hounds are apparent by the publication of the Hunt Club programme to'be played out at Flemington on 12th May. The five events enumerated in tho bill of fare inoludo the Stoepleoirase, of 100 sovs., two miles ; Deer Park Handioap, of 75 sovs., ono mile ; Hurdle Race, of 50 sovs., about one milo and five fur longs ; Handicap Flat Race, of 50 sovs., six fur longs ; and Selling Race, of 75'sovs., five fur- longe. An English sportsman, recently returned to England from India, pays ths following tribute to the superiority of Australian horses in tha land of rajahB There are three kinds of horses used for hunting in India. They are Arabs, Australian horses (commonly called ' Walers ') and, lastly, country bred ponies. The Australian horses ore tho most useful. They are for the most part well bred and exceedingly clever. But the majority secin to be rather . etraightin the shoulder. In common with the othor horses used in India, they are very much : stronger in the lege and feet than English horses. The ground is in most places far harder than it ever booomes in England ; but it is very seldom indeed that oither the Arabs or.' Walers' break down. A fow English horses have been im ported, bat they are generally a failure. TUey cannot stand the eHmate or the hard ground for any length of time." In addition to constrnoting the programmes for the spring meoting 1894 and ths Now Year's day meeting 1895, the Y.R.C. oommittee dealt with a number of minor matters at Monday's meeting. A petition received from owners and trainers asking for free use of tho training traoks until 31st May, for exercising yearlings, bos not yet bceu replied to, but will probably bo eon-, sidercd at the next fortnightly meeting or beforo. J. M'Grath's apt'eal against the Omen Racing Club awarding the stakes in ths Miners' Handicap to Carbon, on the 15th Marob, was . upheld ou the grounds of tho winner— Moukey — never having run. contrary to the Y.R.O. rules. Tho programme of the Victoria Amatour Turf Club's meeting, to bo hold on Saturday, 5th May, iB advertised to-day, and comprises tho Two-Year-bld Handicap, 100 aova., fivo fur longs ; Hurdle Race, 110 sovs., about one milo and a half ; Glen Huntly Handicap, 130 sovs., one mile and a furlong ; Steeplechase, 130 sovs., about two miles : Selling Raee, 100 sovs., five furlongs; Welter Handicap, 100 save., six fur longs. In the lastnamed race amateur riders will have the benefit of allowances Entries olose on Monday, 23rd mst. Mr. Haydon advertises to-day the following programme for tho Sandowu Park meoting on Saturday, 28th inst.:— Flying Handioap, 35 sovs., five furlongs ; Hurdlo Race, 40sovs., oue - mile and a half ; Spring Vale Welter Handicap, 35 sovs,, six furlongs ; Stcopleolrass, 50 sovs., about two miles; Selling Plate, 100 sovs., five furlongs ; and Sandown Park Handicap, 40 . sovs., one mile and a quarter. Entries olose on ' Monday, 23rd inst On Monday next entries wili bo rceeived fax tbo following ovents to bo run for at Maribyr nong on Saturday next : — Maidon Plate, ot 35 eovs., 5 furlongs ; Handioap Hurdle Race, of 50 bovb,, li mile ; Pioneer Handicap, of 50 sovs., 51 furlongs ; Reoreatiou Handicap for 14.1. b. n.u., of 35 sovs., 5£ furlongs ; Selling Fiat Raoe, " of 80 sovs,, 5 furlongB ; Eight Hours Handi cap, of 50 sovs., 8 furlongs. Mr. J. H. Ashe will on Monday , noxt receive entries for tho following ovonts to bo decidod at : Mentone on Tuesday, 24th April :— Trial Stakes,, of 35 sovs., special weights, five furlongs;. Handicap Hurdlo Race, of 50 sovs., one mile and a half; Flying Handicap, of 35sovB.,flva . furlongs and a half ; Wolter Handioap; of 35 . sovs., soveu furlongs; Selling Flat Raoo, -of 100 bovb,, special weights, fivo furlongs;. Mentone.. Handicap, of 50 bovb., eight furlongs and a . .half. At Mooneo Yalloy on Wednesday Woodlands, with tho light impost of 7 st. 7 lb. and tho assistance of Moore, started favorite for the Monomoilh Handicap, which was a good hotting Taos,' Mayday, Hippie, Barefoot, Tossy and Tho Merry Girl being also backed. But for getting away badly Woodlands would probably have won, but liia necessarily late run in the straight, though brilliant, only landed him a olose third. Maybin, 011 The Merry Girl, got up botweon The Bud and Woodlands in tho lost 50 yards, and just heat tho former after a capital- finish. There was little to choose between tarnook, Duko of Kent and Jake in the betting over tho Hurdlo Raco at the fall of the Hag. Considering that Larnook, who is only 3 yrs old, had to carry 11 at. 10 lb. and give weight to eaoh of his five opponents, it soomed to be questionable polioy for his ridor, Robertson, to make all tho running, and after jumping the last hurdle he failed to stay it out with Jake, who beat him home easily, Mr. Miller's geld ing" meeting with his first defeat, having since he made his diMt a few weeks ago at A spend ale Park won three racos in succession. A bad blunder at the first hurdle noarly settled his chanco, but Robertson (who had tho mount u consequence of Davis still suffering from his fall at Caulfield) made a very clover recovery. The winner, Jake, has only recontly come down from . Gippsland, and James King has lost no time in making bim pay his way. He is by Explosion (sire of Sovereign) from MisB Middle- ton, and was bred in 1888 by his owner, Mr. Osborne Young. Jake was well ridden by Bar bour, who will occupy a prominent posi» tion in the list of winning jockeys over jumps at tho close of the soason. Although olosely run by Ayosbah in the bet ting before the fall of the flag for the Calder- meade Handicap for galloways, Cherry Girl started favorite, and as she romped dowu to the home turn with a lead of something like ton lengths her backers had good reason to con gratulate themselves. Half way up the straight it still looked a "one horse raco," but Shrimp- ton, evidently feeling that nothing else had a possible chance, eased her up, and Aycshah, coming on very last, caught Cherry Girl before she could get renewed speed up, and beat her by a length and a half. Seldom, if ever, has a race been more distinctly thrown away through over confidence, and the disastrous result will probably be n severe lesson to little Sbrimpton, who is ono of tho best light weights in tho land. Chopstick had no difficulty in pulling his numerous hackers through in the Welter Han- ; dicap, the ancient Ginger, who had run fifth in j the first race of the day, following him home j 1 and Fusee, upon whom slight odds were laid in the Selling Race, won from end to end with ovon greater enso, returning to his stable at £701 For tho Lang Lang Handicap, which was fairly well started by Glceson and Jolinstono's machine, 5 to 4 was laid on Tomplcstowc, but Silence IL fairly annihilated him in the run from the home turn, winning with tho greatest ease. At the Rosohill Meeting, which was successfully inaugurated on Thursday, the principal event, the Rosohill Stakes, of six furlongB, was won by Mr. A. Williams's 3-year-old filly Milkmaid, by Gozo — Mongong. Milkmaid, as a 2-year-old, won tho Warilda Sires' Produce Stakes and Sapling Stakes, and ran seeond in a welter race. Early in the present season she ran soeond to King Orry in a Flying Handicap at Canter bury Park. The second and third places in the Bosehill Stakes ware filled respeotively by Punohestown and King Jewol. Tho victory of Helios in tho Second Stecplcohaso at Randwiok was evidently no fluke, as Dr. Cortis's gelding, again ridden by Mr. W. S. Cox, jun., carried off the Rosohill Stceploohaso, besting Alarm Bell, Beckless and six others, including the favorite, Snoakor, who failed to stay it out. The following disqualifications and suspen- sions by country racing clubs were endorsed by tho V. R. C. oommittee 011 Monday Disqualifi cation of W. Kerr (suspioious practices) and grey mare Jenny (suspioious running) for 6 months by Korang Turf Club on 14th Mnroh ; \- disqualification of R. S. Godfrey for 12 months by the Ballarat Miners' Turf Club on 17th March for suspicious riding ; disqualification of Peter Hunter for 3 months by the Gobarup and Cornolla Racing Club on 15tb Maroh for sus pioious riding ; disqualification of Victor Bailoy for 3 months by Miepoll Race Club on 7th Maroh for suspicious riding ; disqualification of W. Anderson for 3 months by the Myrniong Racing Club 011 26th Maroh for foul riding ; disquali fication of P. Moran for 12 months by Steiglitz Racing Club on 26th March for disrespsotful language to the stewards ; suspension of Ernest Fisher for 3 months by Heyfiold Racing Club on 17th Maroh for suspicious riding ; suspension of J. M'Gowan for 3 months by the Ararat Turf Club on 14th March for suspioious riding ; sus pension of J. Reichman for 6 months by the Inverloigh Racing Club on 26th Maroh for sus pioious riding ; disqualification of Robt. O'Neil for 6 months by the Oarngham Turf Club on 26th March for suspioious riding. At ABpundalo Park on Saturday tho Queens land horse Orestes was submittod to tho hammer daring one of the intervals between the raoing, and found a new owner in the Indian trader, Mr. T. Uphill, who gave full value in 305 guineas for the son of Agamemnon. Chudloigh pulled up vory lame after ruoning in tho Hurdle Raee at Aspondale Park last Saturday. At tho Yarra Glen meeting that useful mare Grandiflora distinguished herself by winning tho Yarra Glen and Flying Handicaps, Brunette playing second fiddlo to her in ' oach instance. As the last named won the Trial StakeB prior to opposing Grandiflora, her afternoon's reoord was nut a bad ono. T. M'Namara was called boforetho Aspendalo Park stewards on Saturday in referenoo to the late scratching of Thornhury for tho Wcltor Handicap, his explanation of which was Moopted as satisfactory. Tho yearling by Nowminstor— Bellissimn, owned by Mr. R. M'Kenna, has been named Degaoy. Tho Viotorian bred Fright, byj Nowminstor — Ooolyrie, won the Hurdle Race at the Auckland Antumn Meeting, beating hino oppononts. Mr. I. D. Nathan"s to 0 Tbreo Star, by Castor — Vivandierc, won tho Northern Champagne Stakes at the lato. Auckland meeting. Three Star, as well as Grenndisr, who ran seoond, are engaged ih tho Victoria Derby, and possibly one or the other may pay us a visit in the spring.- The totalisator continues to ho liborally patronised on the turf of New Zealand. On the opening day of tho Auckland Autumn Meet ing £6057 was invested, and though on the second day the amount Bhrunk to £3692, the total was close upon £1000 more than was passed through at the corresponding meeting last yoar. At the Canterbury Autumn Meeting £12,970 was passed through the machine. Encouraged by tho number of entries received for to-day's trotting contost at Epsom, Mr. J. R. Crooke has decided to inolude a similar event in tlie programmo for tho noxt meeting at Aspondale Park. The Bacchus Marsh Raoing Club committee has decided not to hold the May fixture on account of tho hard state of the course. It is intended to hold the usual Cross Country Steeplechase meeting in September. The Chiltem annual races, to bo held on Friday and Saturday, 20th and 21st April, promise to be a success, as all the large mines in the district havo granted a holiday for tho race day. In connection .with this meeting the Railway department will issue tickets at holiday excursion rates. Very fair entries have been received for tho "Winter Meeting of the Warrnnmbool Racing Club, hut the . "Amateurs,!', who occupy tho intervening day, have not . been favored with similarly satisfactory nominations. Tho Cor inthians are oridently not so enthusiastic over the events of tho " Warrnambool week " as they were-a fow years ngo. - Mr. Norman Menzies, a well known figure in the hunting field and on the racecourse, left Melbourne by the Adelaide express on Tuesday to join tho mail steamor Australia, whieh sails for England to-day. Mr. R. G. Row, who was granted leave of absence from the V.A.T.C. committee a few months ago to pay a visit to England, has signified his intention to return to Melbourne before the next Caulfield Cup mooting. Raoing on the South Atlas course near Bendigo, whtoh is registered by tbe Bendigo j Racing Club, is to be resumed .undcra new pro- ' prictary, tho courso having been leased by j Messrs. J. Webster and F. Noalo, who wore for j a long time connected with the Riobmond Pony | and Galloway Club as secretary and starter ! respectively. The sport will comprise horso racing and trotting, the meetings being con- duotcd under V.R.C. rules. The first meeting will bo held on Wednosday, 2nd May. Messrs. Wm. C. Yuille and Co. report having purchased in England for Mr. W. R. Wilson I the well known thoroughbred stallion, Bill of | Portland, a blown horse, foalod 1690, by the great St. Simon (siro of La Fldcho, Momoir, Mrs. Buttorwiok, Raeburn, Semolina, &c.;), from Elcctrio Light (dam of Maxim, Cigar Light and l'otril, all winners), by Storling (siro of Isouomy, | Ac.), from Beacby Head, by Knight of St. Patriok (siro of Moslem), from Beeohnut (sister to Filbort), by Nutwith. Bill of Portland wasn ! good performer in Englaud. As a 2-year-old, he wouthe Newmarket Bedford Two-year-old Plate, of £700, beating seven others. Ho was second, beaten by a neck by Mllford, for tho Newmnrket July Stakes of £1810, and second, boaten half a length, for tho Stookbridgo Hurathournc Stakes of £947. As a 3-year-old ho won tho New market Heath High Woight Handicap, carrying . 8 st. 9 lb., beating Mrs. Buttcrwiok (winner of j the Oaks) and five othors. He ran seeond in the Nowmarket Flying Handicap Plate, beating 10 others, nnd was placed fourtli in tho Derby Gbatsworth Stakes, carrying 8 st. 10 lb. and beating 12 others, Tbo horse is now in full training, and Mr. Wilson has been advised by | Lord Marcus Beresford to allow him to fulfil his English engagements before being shipped in Juuo next. On his arrival in Melbourne he will join Trenton and tho other sires at St. Albans. Messrs. Win. C. Yuille and Co. report having sold Comedian, b h, 5 yrs., by Swiveller from Burlesque, winnor of V.R.O. Bagot Handicap, Launceston Cup, Ac., to Mr. T. Uphill, to go to India. Sporting mon rallied in strong force at tho Second Civil Court on Monday to hear the con tinuation of the libel action which James Hayos, tho jockey, is bringing against tho proprietors of tbo Australasian. Less than half, however, were able to gain admission, and those who got in were not treated to anything vory startling or interesting in tho way of ovidenoo. The witnesses wero a varied assortment, comprising jockeys, trainers, horso owners, pugilists and policemen, and they had all sorts of allegations to mnko against the oharaoter of tbe plaintiff. Ho was said to have interfered with borscB in a number of specified races, to havo assaulted one or two persons, to havo used foul language in tho publio streets, nnd to have eon- Borted with disreputablo characters. When thoso ohargos wero examined into by Mr. Duffy their apparent heinousness was muoh mlnimisod. For instnnae, ono trainer who was exooeding wrath with Hayes for having purposely collidod with his horse in a race, admitted having availod himself of Hayes's serviees on several occasions afterwards. A youthful jookoy, who was put forward to relate how Hayes had pulled the bridle of his horso, said the incident was so immaterial to bis ohanoes at the timo that ho did not complain. In fact, both horses wore hopelessly out of the race when tho inoidont ocourrcd. Another jookey referred to a raoe in whioh Hayes ran him out, but said it was quite an accident. In a raoe in whioh Hayes was said to have purposely prevented his horse from winning it was elicited that tho animal on whioh ho was mounted had nover won a raoe. Tbe remainder of tbo ovidenoo related to Hayes's privato obaraotor. Several polioemen went into tho box to say that they had seen Hayes with " Billy Buok," " Ohuok Dalrymplc," " Griffo " and other eharaoters with similar olassioal names and .reputations to mntoh. The libel notion of Hayes against the Australasian was continued in the Second Civil Court on Tuesday. The first witnesses on Tuesday wero conncotod with tho sporting staff of tho Australasian, who teetifiod to witnessing and henring of improper conduct on the pnrt o the plaintiff when riding in certain races. This was before the article complained of wob written. Tho lnat witness for the defenco wns Mr. C. F. Frasor, the stipendiary steward for the Yiotoria Raoing Club, who said ho had made three . reports to tho committee as to Hayes's conduot in riding. In ono oase only was ho oensnred, and in that particular instance the witness reported, after seeing the raoe and hearing the ovidenoo, that ho did not think Hnyea was at fault. Interest in tho oase wns quickened when Mr. Furves intimated- that I10 had no more wit nesses to call. Mr. Duffy oleared away all doubt as to whother the plaintiff would givo evidenco by at once putting him into tho box, and a smile of satisfaction passod over Mr. Purvei s face at the prospeot of a full and free exercise of his cross-examining artillery. Tho plaintiff stated that out of over 500 mounts he had hnd since 1890 ho had only been censured in regard to one, and this was tho caso in which the stipendiary steward gave it as bis opinion that he was not at fault. Ho went through nil the charges of unfair- riding made against him, and by giving details of each race showed that ho had never intentionally interfered with other riders or prevented his own horse from win- ning. in anticipation or tno cross-examination ui tho plaintiff in tho libel aotion of James Hayes against tho Australasian, the Second Civi Court was oroivdeil on "Wednesday, nnd many hundreds of spectators ivoro unablo togain admis sion. During the first part of tho day Mr. Duffy, tho plaintiff's leading counsel, was too unwell to attend, and Mr. Leon continued tho examination of the plaintiff. Ho denied having intentionally run another horse out of a raco, and of having run a jockey on to the rails. As to the assaults, he said lie struck ono man after having been provoked, but it wns not with a loaded whip. He admitted having struck an old man named Palmer, and said he did it booauso ho bumped up ngnlnst him when ho was giving up his railway ticket. He was sorry aftorwards, and paid £16 10s. He denied having boon tho associate of low fighting men, but said he was constantly being accosted in Bourko-street for " tips" from unknown people. "Whon Mr. Furves rose to cross-examine the witness the spectators rustled in their seats and manifested a sudden and liroly interest in tho proceedings, whioh hnd got rather tame. Tho cross-examination of tho plaintiff in the oase of Hayes v. the' Australasian on "Wednesday was oouduoted in Mr. Purvos's usual vigorous and unsparing stylo, and for over four hours tho witness was sub jected to keen and scarohing questioning. Mr. Furves wns by no means gcntlo witli tho witness, nor complimentary in his mode of address. Counsel nlso sot tho witness a little sum in arithmetio to do with n view to testing his education, and he failed to divide 5000 by three, saying he had forgotten the lessons of his youth. Tho plaintiff's moral oharaoter was subjected to a voiy searching investigation. Beyond this Mr. Furves's questions were not very successful in shaking tho wilnoss's evidence, and tho learned oounsel was not a little discon certed at tho plaintiff's lapses of memory when important matters wore concerned. The plain tiff will have to answer a few more questions to day from Mr. Furves. Contrary to expectation, Mr. Furves did not rcsumo his oross-examinntion of tho plaintiff on Thursday in the oase of James Hayes v. tho Australasian. It was expocted that there would bo a further display of forensic bard hitting, but tho learned Queen's counsel wob not in attendance, nnd his junior announced that the oross- examiuation lind closed, muoh to tha apparent disappointment of tho crowded court. Mr. Leon put a few questions to tho plaintiff in re-examination, to give him an opportunity of repudiating the suggestion of tho defence that he was con nected with an outrage on an old man at Windsor. Then tho plaintiff's father went into the box to bear testimony to tho ganeral good behavior of his Bon. He remnrked that ho had never heard a complaint against his character as a jookoy until his certificate was refused. Ho gave his version of several of the races in whioh it was alleged tho plaintiff had ridden unfairly, and from which the conclusion was to be drawn that his riding wns perfeotly honest in each race. Ho nlso denied that his son habitually associated with low fighting mon and black guards. He only knew two of those montionod, nnd ono of them, a gentloman glorying in tho alliterative name of "Billy Buck," he said ho had seen talking to Mr. Furves. As soon as the plaintiff and hia father had quitted the box on Thursday, a whole string of ownors, trainers, jookoys and betting men were put forward in support of tho plaintiff's case. Eaoh witnons gave his account of a particular race or races, as the case might bo, and all agreed in the one particular that Hayos rodo fairly in eaoh instance, and did not purposely intcrfore with other horses or prevent bis own from winning. Tho defenco had laid considerable stress on the allegation that Hayos hold Baltic book in two races at Epsom and Moonco Valley ; bnt no fewer than fivo witnesses yesterday testified to the fact that Bnltio had nut a ghost of a ehanoe on oithor oooasion, nnd as a mattor of faot had neror yet won a race. The purpose of oounsel in cross-examining these witnesses seemed to be to discredit thoir ovidenoo by revealing any little transgression that might have ocourrod in their careers. In ono instanoe Mr. Purvos was suggesting that a witness had been guilty of one or two " shady " things. In ra-oxamination Mr. Duffy asked him if he had ever oommitted a burglary at Mr. Purves's house. " No," ropliod the witness, soizlng tho opportunity for a thrust at tho learned Queen's oounsel, " but I havo seon him in my bnok yard, I think." At this tho court and Mr. Furves laughed heartily, and shortly after wards adjourned. Tho libol notlon of Hayes v. tho Australasian la now drawing to a olose, and the verdiet is expected to bo arrived at on Monday. The first half of yosterday snfiicod to bring the plaintiff's osso to a olose, and the afternoon was occupied with argument and Mr. Purves's closing address for the defendants." Several jqokoy's who took part in the races in whioh Hayos was alleged to have misoonduotod himself wero ealled. yesterday to prove that the plaintiff had not intentionally interfered with any horses. Other' witnesses' proved that Hayes was not at fault ! when a disturbance between him and a man named Armstrong ooourrcd at Praliran, and that tho alleged! violent assault he com mitted on nn old woman at Windsor station was tha result of provocation, ocaasioncd by tha intoxicntion of the person assailed. "When the plaintiff's oase had closed, an argument, initiated by his Honor Sir John. Madden, took placo as to whothor a jookey was a publio man. The judge expressed his opinion that he was not, but after hearing Mr. Furves and Mr. Mitoholl, consented to tha amendment of tho pleadings by the addi tion of words showing that the aots of the plaintiff "wero and are matters of publio interest." This having boen disposed of, ' Mr. Furves addressed tha jury for the defendants, contending that he had substantially proved his case, and that he had Bhowed that tho aots of tho plaintiff fully dosorvod tho oritioism whioh had been passed on them. -.Ho maintained that foul riding nnd disgraceful private oxossscs lia.l liann rtrnvail ArraitiHt Haves.' Mr. PtirVBB ocoupied the attention of tho eourt for over two hours, and had not finished his address whou an adjournment took place till Monday morning. Mr. H. Smyth, of Briagalong, has notified the V.R.O. committee that a lad named Hugh Oarr has absconded from iiis service. 