-.:? '^m^omG^^miop^ ? THE CALL TO SYNOD; : ' : : ADDRESS BY THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE D1OC1&E.; Dean Marryat, wbo, pen ling tbe appoint ment of a- successor to Bishop Kennion, is administrator of tbe Diooese of Adelaide, has called amentineaf Svnod for Tuesdav after noon to oonsidar tbe appointment of a new Bishop. On Sunday evening tbe Dean, preaching; at St. Poter'* Cathedral, chcia for Jis snbjeot 'The call of Synod for the election of a Bishop.' Ue eaid— After the beany and entbu«iat-uo farewell tendered to rar late Biibop, both by members of the pburch and by tho colonints in general, there is no need ou thu pra«us occasion to dwell on tbe past or to repeat what wa* then ia ipeeahes and in address*, so feelingly and jloquonily said. Still, tbe past may and ihould have this tffect upon us as Churchmen. Lt should remind us of tbe capabilities ol our Dhurcb, and in cooaequence of our responsi bilities »nd (if it wero needed) of tbe greatness tnd solemnity of the occasion for which the Synod of the Diocese is to met* this week. Is ia bard to conceive any subject upon which tbe Synod can be called' upon to decide more important, more --eriou* in its consequence*, than tha election of a Biibop. Let us all watch and pray that the mMu'oers of Synod may enter upon it in a right npirif, seeking only tbo glory of God aud tbe welfare of Cbnst'i Church. Thia meeting of Synod will be held under some peculiar aud favourable ciroumktanses. One u tbat tbe resignation of tbe late Bishop has, in accordance wicb the fundamental provision of this Diocese and the determination of tbe General Synod of Aus tralia and Tasmania, been forwarded to and iccepted by tbe senior Buhop in tbe absence of the Primate. On the occaMon of tbe resig nation of Bishop Short that Bishop forwarded his resignation to His Grace the Archbwhop of Canterbury, wbo alone could accept it. Bishop Short bed betu appointed uuder letters patent. He bad been consecrated by tbe Arcbbiibop of Canterbury at the command of tbe Grown, aud wa* wppjstd to be *ubject to tbe jurisdiction of the metropolitical See of Canterbury. Ue, however, with Bishops Perry aud Tyrrell took the oath of allegiance to Bishop Broughtnn, who bad boen ioaocu rately styled by tbe law officers of the Crowa Metropolitan of Auttralia. A second point is tbat we can proceed with our election with out any reference to the Secretary of State for the Colonies. In 1331 it was considered de sirable, if not necessary, to obtain a definite statement ropectitig tbe intentions of Her Majeaty'* Government with regard to future appointments to the See of Adelaide. A letter was then laid on tbe table of Synod by ths President (De»n Knasell) irom the Governor, Sir William F. Drunimond Jerroi*, enolosing a despatch from Lord Kimberly, in which be stated 'tbat it ic not tbe intention of H.M. Government to make any further appoint ment to tbe See of Adelaide.' This faot bad been previously known, but the Diocese had bad no formal intimation of it. It i« to be remembered tbat wh»n tbe then Miss (now Baroness) Burdett Coutts founded tbe Biahoprio* of Adelaide and Cape Town it was with tbe provito tbat the B:*bop* of thote See* *bonld be appointed by the Crown under latter* patent. When theie Itut were dii- covered to be invalid and ultra vim tbat mode of appointment naturally and happily fell to the ground. These |wints are interesting ts marking, first of all tbe development of tbe colonial Cliurcb, and eecondly our petition as a free Church in a free State. Wa can meet without any formal conge d'tiire i*sued by tbe Crown, and witb no terror* of pramunirc hanging over our heads. A tbird point of congratulation u thai the vacancy which we are now called u|x-n to fill ban occurred with perfect 'poace and honour.' No possible fault can be found with our lite Bishop's ?tcceptanoe of the promotion offered to him in in* appointment to the See of Bath and Wells. On thi* our congratulations were as hearty u thoy wore genera). That be should have returned to England cooner or later was not quite unexpected. Not that he personally showed any desire or wish on the #bjeot. Bin feeliug* were gracefully expresNU when be wai touuded as to his ac ceptance of a jwttible Bishopric. We all give him full credit for working aoionirstiis as if he had been going to spend bis \rhu!e lif« in the colony. No one doubt* for a raointnt tbe thorough loyalty of both himieli and Mr*. Kennisn to tbe Diocete of Adelaide. Still I rejoice that he has left us in tbo ray that he hi* done, e* a Bn-hop in full exercite of bis episcopal cilice. A 'returned empty' may not bo a euphonious or an eocln-ia*tieal ex pression, but it is one full of meaning. It implies a Bishop who, coubecratcd for a colonial See, returns borne void of hit ?acred ofh'co fur all practical purposes; void of that duty for which be had beat solemnly conimihuoued, void of tbat ' minis tration' to which be had declared tbat he wu duly called and for which be was consecrated. In many cues they (brink into parish prieots with no episcopal status, though ready fot episcopal work _ that mav turn up. I tbink that the Colonial Church ha* just cause of cone plaint in i»t least soniu of tbece retire ments by men in tlie priiue of life. I find tbat last year there ware thirty retired Bishops. Two only were English, the re*t were colonial. Some years ago tbe Archbishop of Canterbury wrote to the Primate of Australia and Tas mania, Bishop Barry, complaining that clergy men educated a* inisoiunnrii-s at misnionary colleges and ordain«d for that iprcial work re turned to England after a very short sojourn in the aisnion field, colonial or otherwise. But if Uiehopi set tbo examplo what can wo expect from tbe youngor chnty? Of oourie no complaint oan be made in oases of rotire ment on account of ill-hoaltb or old age, or after % lengthened service, like thai of Bishop Short for 37 yearn, Bishop Perry for 29 inn, Bishop Tyrrell for 33 jean, and Bishop Gray, of Oape Town, for 27 years. I mansion these tour, a* they were all con secrated together on St. Peter's Day in Westminster Abbey in 1847. Suoh men hare a right to enjoy their well-earntrf retire ment wherever they like. 0, ti tie omiia! Still, I hare noruetiraes thought that it will be Rood for colonial Diocbi-*s wbon we begin to bury our bishop*. I mem that it will be Rood when colonial Bishop* are to connected with the colonies— are such thorough colonists— that they aro content to die in their See*. It wm rightty thought to lie to tha credit of Bishop Tyrr*ll'*inMticry thit bo was the tint Australian Bnliop who died from natural oansee in hi- Dioco-n. In fact, I bciiere that he never left his Dioec«»fx:y-p: for an adventu rous and dangeron* missionary voyage to tbe Melaneaian Islands with Bishop Selwyn of New Zealand. There is more in burial than at 6rst cai.'hen the eye. Bishop Swithtp, of Wini-bcater, showed the spirit of humility which marked hit active life h- requciitinj to be bunt-d m thu common churchyard, where neo wmld walk over bis grave and the rain of heaven fall on it, inntead of in hi* stately Oathedral. It was whim the n:onk« Attempted to dumrard hU wish and remove his remain-* to the Cathedral that the famous rain fell with which hid nvco is viicoiated. Abraham felt that ho was bur a *trangnr and rojournrrtn Cantan until iiiityni^aMhbcireo'.Mncphriab at Hebron a- a buryiog-p'ace that be might bury his d*ad ont of hia siphi, ' There they buried Abraham and Hnuh hia wife; there they buried I'm: and Uxbekah ;' there was alto buried Leah ; and Jacob, who died in Egypt, bnt was buried in Canaan, amid the grand and memorable c;ourning at tbe floor of Alad. There we bav* reason to bolieve their bones may be at this preceut moment Thjs question of early retirement on the part of Bishops will have to be considered whin the proposal is made to comer tbe rightful and appropriate title of Arch bishop on all colonial Metro politans. England baa been accustomvd to only two Archbishops. Of the thirty retignsd Bishops now at home no less than five come under tha category of possible Arcbbishope. It teem* to mo tbat it will on scmawhat in congruous for Archbishops to minuter is lowly canons or cauutry pastors at home. Thia,howerer. by the-way. We all seek men for Bishops who will identify themselves with the colonies and will not lightly resign their high office. Of course, if the:r heart i* at home and not ic tbeir work tho coocer thi-y go home the better. But noco tho Itss in tbe ltijury done to the Dioceee by an uncalled-for retire ment. Coastant chauges also iojuro the in fioecce of the Geueral Synod. Tiiaa Synod does not appear to prcgresn as is should do. We want what I think wo may call an Australian party— Bishops who think not so much of ' what wilt they say in iMtcUnd,' wnither some may inwardly hope to return, m what if good for the Church in Australia. For the for mation of such a Dirty we hare sovr a good nucleus in the Bishop U-sl? elected from the colonies, of northern Queensland, and of Graf ton and Armidale, with tbe able Bishop of Goulburn ( Chalmers), who has already made his mark as a leader, in short we want men who, likt St. I'»ut, answer to tbeir calling and ?tick to it— who are not like tbe homesick John Mark, who turned back and went not with the Apostles to tbo work. As in those days so in ihwe, the sympathy of the Churah is with St. Paul acd those who continue stead fast in the work. These are recommended by the brethren to tbe grace of God. Barnabas takes Mark and goe» on bi« way without any iarew.lL In the election of a Bishop, by the rules of Synod, three courses are open to us. One is for tho Synod to proceed to the eleotion ; the second is for the oynod to memorialize the Archbishop of Canterbury, conjointly with tome other Bishop or Bishops, to appoint or recommend a h't and proper person to be tho Bishop of the See ; the third is for the Synod to memorialize the Primate, with his oon provincisl Bishops, to appoint or recommend snob Bishop. These three modes may be sub divided iux- six. Of these, four, I imagine, will not be entertained. 1. There is hardly need to memorialize tbe Primatu aad Bishop* of Australia to appoint a Bishop. If we seek an appointment in Australia we ought to know enough of tha nomine?, at least by repute, to make the election ourselves. 2\. I might say alnittt the vame with regard to memorializing the Primate to recom mend such Bishop. In this case thero would be this difficulty— thai no one with proper self - respect would care to be publiolv nominated with the ri.k of being rejected. 3. f he same objaution to my mind mar be mndeto the plan of memorializing tbo Archbishop of Canter bury and other* to recommend a fit and proper person to be Bishop, to bo elected by tbe Synod. Here again any ciergy^jin of position and self-respect would hnsitate to be put publicly in nomination, with the pos sibility of being rejocted on tbo other side of the world. Connected with this is another mode which in my opinion in equally objec tionable, but wbiob is within tun power of Synod, namely, for th-* Synod to proceed with the election of some Bishop or clergyman in England. In both of theae last cats we know that we cannot exjicct any as»i«anco from the Archbishop of Canterbury. On oue occasion the Diooase of Sydney petitioned the Aroh bishop to nominate, I believe, three clergymen from whom that Diocese might etltct oue as a Bishop. Th9 Archbishop naturally declined, stating tbat no man of standing would con sent to sum a nomination of himself. In this case there waa a certainty of all but one being rejected, and that by a Synod who could know little or nothing whatever about them. We cannot then expect tbe Arohbisliop of Canter bury to recommend or nominate any ono for eleotion. The trouble* connected with the last two eluotkns of the Primate and Bishop of Sydney aleo point out thu denger of attempting to make an election in England ourselves without a strong recommendation from some qualified authority. In these elec tions three names of clergymen in England were nominated on each occasion by the Synod of Sydney. In each cue on« was rejected by tbe Bishops of the proviooe, a second was re jected by tbe Bishops of tbe General Synod. On both occasions the two names elected m Bishop* declinnd to serve. On both occa sions the election had to be commenced afresh, and the second mode of election provided by the General Synod proceed*) with. This was by mt-ans of a committee of the Bishops and members of tho Synod of Sydney acting conjointly. On the hr«t occa sion this committee came to a deadlock, and by way of compromise ended in di-legatiogthe election to the Archbishop of Canterbury. It was thus to tbe sorrow of Sj dney, but to the joy of tho Australian Church at large, thai Buhop Barry was appointed. On the Ia*t occasion the extraordinary blnnder occurred through some of the Bishops proceeding with the election, in violation of tbo rules of the General Synod, after t!i«-ir nomineo had declined to accept the otik«. This elec tion was declared void, and the whole process hid to begin de not*.- But may we not trace in this mode of eleotion an inherent weakness, viz., in attempting to choose a clergyman at the other end ot the world without knmviag whether he will accept tbe office or no. Possibly a good man may be recommended to us, but iu this c v« all depends upon tbe knowledge and judgment of the person who makes the rcconmiondation. Evt-n then, though tue person uomioated ma; be a n-od man, tbe Archbishop may know a hundred men who are better. Or let it be tbat we knew certain men by repute. l)oss it follow that they have the special qualifica tions which lit thtui tor a colonial Bishopric? If we go to Eucland at all it seems that the right and lx*t coune to putflio is to memoria lize tho Archbishop of Canterbury and leave the election with him. The two modes of election on which I imagine tlut the Synod will decide ore, tint, election by ourselves of some Biebop or clergyman in thin Piocne, in Australia, or it might be iu New Zealand ; or, secondly, by metnnrinl to tho Archbishop of Canterbury conjointly with one or more Bishops to be selected by Synod. On these two tbe whole dieouseiun is likely— and, an I ttink, ought— to turn. Let us for'the momont consider abem. With regard to tne first, theoretically election by ourselves ought to bo the wish of every member of the Church— I might even add of and from ourselves. It is the natural order of thing*, (t must come to this sooner or later, and the sooner it comes the better it will be for tbe Diocese. The election of a clergyman from England must of neces sity cause a serious break in tbe work of the Diocese — it is w much more easy tor him— perhaps more natural— to start uew schemes than to work on old lines. He has also not only so much so learn, of which he can have had no exoenc-nce, but he has still more to unlearn. For a year or more, though at tbe bead ot Synod, unless his powers are marvellous, be u in some points the most in sxoerienced man of the body. Even if be manages to master tbe letter of ocr constitu tion and rules be may not get at tue spirit or principle wbich underlies them. There is a principle on which our rules are ba»ed whiob may not appear on tbe surface. This diffi culty, of course, increases a* time gnei on and e^r rules become more complicated. Itwa«not so with our first Buhops. Toey left England at a time when not merely matters of minute ritual were discutted, bat when controversy ran on principles of Church government and discipline. The Hampdeu and other centra vertiea anade many ea^er Churcbraeu look to the independence of colonial Churcbc* from all State control Those Huhopj were alco the founder* of tb« several Synods under difficul ties of which successors have no conception. They were true founders and leaden and head*. Wo may have 10,000 initroctors in Christ, but not many fathers. A clsrpynmn of colonial expurituro orould eavjy adapt himself to the mode of procedure in another Diocese. The principles would bs tho pame; the different would lie in detailr. Then such an election is but natural. Tho chrgy may naturally look for promotion. In other professions, law and medicine, m«u rise to tbe highest ofSres : why not the clergy, provided that they aren't? The universal cry is 'Australia for th* Australian.*.' A« a matter of principle I rejoiced come twenty-five yean tgo when we weie called upon in Synod to draw up rules for the eleotion of a Bishop. These rules were passed in 1870. At that time few probably thought of a local eleotion. At the tamo time 1 remember bow at tho next General Synod I ran over in my mind the c!«rj:y who might be future Bishops. Then, ac.--.ia, them is thfi leu chance of a colonial clergyman, if elected, leaving bis work on account of home hiokness. So much for election by ourselves. Theoreti cally I havenodoubtthatitistherightcourae. Stili vrhen I come to put sheory iuto practicj I feel it well to psuw aad consider. Australia for Australians is a sound principle, but wo have to look above aad beyond oursclvi*. Our one prayer and aim tuims bo to do what we bnlieve to be good for the Church. And the question cinnoc fail to crois tho minds of meay, whnthor the hour and man have arrived ? If tho man has, so, of couko, ha* the hour. An eleotion of a Bishop we mutt ail f col is a swioiH and Molemn matter, not to Li undertaken lightly or without earnest prayer for Divine guidance. »Vo cannot vote upon *uch a Hubject without a deep aea.«o of re HPoanbility. PemoD«ily I could with a hotter coDtoienoo vote for electiou by delec*tion to men in whoje knowledge »nd judgment I ha.l j»rfeot oonfidunce than vote for one concern ing whom my knowledge might bo im|wrfeot, and in whom, consequently, I could not bavo any real confidence. Eren small weaknewea might cause me to hesitate, Mich as a decided known want of punctuality, of busings habits, of patience under opiicsition, of backbone. Yea, Timothy's weakness acd his often in firmities, if they rendered him unable to endure the. hardness of bush bed and board, might bo regarded aa a dis qualification. Iu one duly appointed vn might overlook the«e deficiencies by reason of the excellence of other virtues which raieht totally «:c!ispe them. One thing is certain tbat in a local eleotion there mutt for the good of the Diocese bo no violent contest. In a small Diocese it shonld be alraott, if not quite, unanimous. It should be like tho election of Ambrose to the See of Milno. Party spirit between Catholics and Arians wai at iu height when they wereaeiembled for the election. It is said thtt a voice exclaimed Ambrosivt Epitsopu*— let Ambrose be Bishop— though at tbe time be was onlyaoatechumen. It wa» regarded on both sides as a voice com ing from heaven. Be was elected by acclama tion. This is an ideal election, when all parties look to one man, and unite in accepting him as the rirht man in the right plaoa An election, though 'rithin the power of a Diocese, may not be always an easy matter. Experi ence shows that there may be two man in a Diocese or province whose olaimt to or fitnws for the ofBce an generally reooffniwd. Each might have a strong iwrtyia his favour. It would not be the first time in history if, in order to avoid tha crib of acnotttt aad of dividing the Diocese, it was agreed oa both sides to make the eleotion outside. Lotus remember that we are face to face with all tbe dangers of a popular election. In our model trust deed for tbe Diocrte we have done our best to provide against popnlar eleotion of an incumbent by the congregation at large. We have tried to avoid the evil even of electing the Committee of Patronage at the time of the vacancy. «rhen minds may bo undoly excited. Provition is made thus:— Tbe election of an Incumbent shall bo by a Com mittee of Patronage, combined with tbe trus tees, the said committee to bn appointed annually at the Easier vestry. Nothing has proved more degrading to tbe Church in England than the election of an Incumbent by the congregation at large. Nothing hu proved more injurious to the Church in old times than the violent scenes enacted in tbo eleotions of biihops whenpaiiy spirit ran high. Another point let us remember. In tliU Diocese we have had, thank God, a hieh standard of excellence in both our former Bishops. Both Buhop Short and Buhop Rennion took very pro minent—some of us think— the leading posi tion among tbe Au«tr*linn Bishops. We must no:, willingly at least, forego our position. It will then, I think, be no reproach, wliether to tbe D:ocMH or to the Australian Church, if Synod decides to memorialize tho Archbiabop of Canterbury, and then to make the appoint ment. Wo must do what uuder the guidance of tbe -Spirit of God we think and feel to b« for tbe good of tbe Church. Tbe re sponsibility which lies upon members of Synod is undoubtedly great. Let us think for a momont of what we expeot in a Bishop. It is true we appoint our Judges, and then is no position more honoured in tbo State than that of a Judge; but wo Churchmen expect in a BUbap something infinitely more than what tbe State looks for in a Judge. There is no office from which w ranch is expected as that of a Bishop. I think that first of all wo look for a gentle man— I use tbe word advisedly— in tbe highest and widest reuse. It is a title of honour in all ranks and torts and conditions of men. I know that it has been said tbat thus the Church of England has suffered from being too gentlemanly. If it is a fault it is one on the right side. No ono ever failed simply for being a gentleman. It was that he was a gentleman and nothing more ! We look for this only as the basis. Toon we look fora man of some scholarship. Not that he need b» an expert in the Greek article or in Egyptian chronology, but bis position demands some more knowledge, especially in Latin and Greek, than is required for a pus in the ordinary examination for Holy Orders. An unlearned Bishop will tend even unconsciously to lower rather than raiie the standard of learnidg in the clergy and Diocete. Tbat he unit be a Churchman goos with out saying. But tha word Churchman lut various meanings. By Churchman I mean one who stands above party, who no one cares to label with thit or that particular school of thought 'I have known,' raid Harvey Goodwin, the late Bishop of Carlisle, ' I have known Bishop Lijrbtfoot, of Dnrbaa, for many year.*, and I hono»tly declare that I do no. know bow to cla.«s him. But what is more peculiar h that I do not know to which school of thought I belong myself.' The tamo may bo said of Jlishop Licbtfoot's successor, Bisnop Weetcott, possibly aim of the present Arcabiihop of Canterbury. !\ow 1st us murk that these men aro nut 'colour jew ; they are not victims of compromise. No doubt each ono has hi.* tendencies, but thoy pnnstss parts which all schools love tu liooour, and in which all claim a share. They bold what is best in all school*. Lout, but not leaf t— wo may say, above all, wa look for and pray for oco who is a Christian indeed. M-Tal of course ho must be ; but we seek one who, filled with the spirit of Christ, who, hrealbinp tho spirit of truth and of love, of purity and tirmne;!, loaves no doubt that tbe spirit of Christ in iritbin him. Perhaps no man is called upon to play to many parts in his lifo as a colonial Bishop. It u bard to imagine a public officer in which some analogy may not be found in his various duties. He is a Governor, as standing alone and as tho bead of the Executive, though with this great distinction— for political or con stitutional reasons tbo Governor is only with tw for a period of five yean or so ; the Bishop in with at for life. Tbon he is, as it were, Chief Socretary of State, u directing our councils and organizing our movements. He is a Judge in administering the law of tbe Church and in trying offences. He is a Genoral as leading us into action. He should ba a financier and man of bu-iness, so far at leajt as to see all things done in proper order and that faith and progress be accompanied by prudence. To these must be added tbe more spiritual relation* which exist between Bishop and clergy and laity. For these we can find no better teims tban father, pastor, counsellor, brother in Christ. If I added another essential it is this— in all he must be thorough and real. Some publio men ditclaim the right of the publio to enquire into their priv&te; lives. Perhaps they are right Whitened sepulchres do not encour age inward inspection. With a Buhop, u he can never be more thanaBUhop, so can he never be lest. As it is with every priest and deacon in bb Diocese, to ho can never di yest binwelf of his higb and lofty calling. He is expected to be the same, whether in publio or in private, at home or abroad, in bis pulpit or in his house, in ministerial or social life. With him, in one way, there is no relaxation. Semper arewn tendit Apollo. He is like a city set on a hill, that cannot be hid. Rut why follow my own thoughts? Bishop Ken, the saintly predecessor of our late Bishop in the See of Bath and Wells, bu summed up all that I wish to uy, and all that we can wish for in a Bishop, in his description of ? faithful priest 'Give me the priest,' he writes, 'So to ni the fiisbop gtre time graces snail possew:— Of an Ambassador the first address, A FAtnw's undetnew. a Shepherd's care, A Leader's comng», unicb the Crots can bear. A Baler's »we-iv Watc- man's wozefal care, A Pilot's skill, th» balm in atones to ply. A Miir'« patience, and a labonrer's toil; A Guide's dexterity to disembroil. A Propbef % in«pir*Uon from atore, A TeachsT** knowledge, and a Saviour's love.' Does any one ask— Can we find a man suffi cient for these things ? First let all Christian men feel that there is something more in the old words ncto epueopari than the average man of the world can see or appreciate. Secondly, if no man is perfect, God has pro vided in time* nut and in all ages very good substitute*. What He baa done He can do again. Let us pray that He will do to in our present cue, and provide thin Diocevo with a Biobop who, full of tbo Holy Ghost and of wi«dom. of pswer and spiritual gifts, may faithfully rarve God in hia sacred office, to the glory of His name and the ediiyin; end well governing of His Church. Grant this, we pray Thee, O Heavenly Father, for tbe sake of Thy dear Son Jesus Christ, our Lord. It is odd but true that one man can beit judge of a woman's carriage when she is walk ing. The great trouble with men who borrow from Peter to pay Paul is that they don't pay Paul. 