“ MAULEYS GHOST." ilv ^cciTAh entitled , the --— f ny theTRev. Hector Ferguson, who is j and favorably known to Wiiliainstown i audiences. Mr Styles AI.P. had undertaken ! to preside, but was unable to fulfil tile I engagement as the Taxation proposals of the Government demanded his attendance at Parliament house; however, his place was satisfactorily filled by Councillor McRobcrt. “Alarley’s Ghost” is in reality Dieken’s well-known story ' ‘ The Christmas Carol” in a new form. Air Ferguson takes liberties very freely with the text, both in the way of condensing some of the incidents of the story and of elaborating judiciously upon others. The piece was first introduced to the AJelbourne public by Air Lock Richard son, the Shakesperian reciter, who regarded ir as one of his most popular effort's. Air Ferguson’s treatment of it is similar, although his version of the story differs con siderably. The reciter remarked at the close of his recital that his aim had been not only to entertain, but to remind us of our obligations to one another, and in that object he was undoubtedly successful; for, like all Dickens's pieces, “The Christmas Carol” is full of human nature, and over flows with kindness and sympathy for humanity, and presents the lives of simple people in a more natural aspect than auy other writer of English liction has attempted. The Christmas festivities of the poor and obscure Bob Cratchet, his parents, and iiis brother “Tiny Tim” are set in admirable contrast to the cold, hard, unsympathetic and unfriendly old Scrooge, Bob Crutehet’s employer, who sees in the treadmill, the poorhonse and the prison a place of refuge quite good enough for the famishing poor. But the ghost of old Scrooge’s partner, Jacob Alurley, appears, and is represented as bearing suffering in the nextworld incurred as a punishment for being concerned too much during life with the affairs of this, to the exclusion of the demands of charity and humanity. The scenes which the ghost presents to the affrighted imagination of old Scrooge have the desired effect; and when Scrooge discovers it is all a dream, and wakes up to find that it is Christmas day, he resolves upon a change of life, and astonishes Bob Cratchet and everyone else by his liberality and kindness, and does his best to atone for the past. The reciter was frequently applauded for his efforts. A vote of thanks was proposed hy Air Scott, seconded by Councillor Russell, who complimented Air Ferguson upon his memory, whilst Councillor AleRobert, in supporting the vote, praised the recital for its healthy tone, and felt sure they would all be the better of hearing it. The vote was carried by acclamation, and suitably acknowledged by Mr Ferguson. Travers—Say, do you know of anyone who would be willing to lend me a sovereign ? Pushaway—\es, Travers, I know of plenty, but I don’t know of anyone who wants to give it to you. A l'UN'.XY Mistake.—Husband—Where is the screwdriver, my dear? Wife - Screw driver? 'Don’t you mean corkscrew? Hus band—Yes, certainly. Funny I should have made such a mistake. Wife—Excessively so. That Fowl.—Gentleman (to proprietor of restaurant) —Your family has been established here for a long time, hasn’t it ? Proprietor— Yes, the business used to belong to my grand father. Gentleman—And did this fowl belong to him, too ? Husband—That’s a pretty go! Wife—What is the matter ? Husband—Some one has gone and daubed ink an my new pen wiper. It is odd, and sometimes melancholy, to see a man trying to “make up his mind ” when he has no material on hand to work with. Sad-faced Tramp—Madam, I am a home less man. Patient housewife—Well, if you are home less than my husband is, I pity your poor wife. Madam (engaging cook)—Have you ever had any experience'! Miss Maloney (curtly) —Experience it is ? Sure I wuz in siven places the pasht month. Judgo — “ How old are you. miss 1” Elderly Female—“I am, I am—” Judge— “ Better hurry up ; every moment makes it worse. ” She—“ I hope you didn’t leave your heart behind you at the seashore,” lie—“ No ; something far more important.” She— “ What is that ?” He—“ Aly trunk.” Ahem !—Successful &I.D.; to Non-suecess ful AI.D.—“I hail to turn out of the bed three times last night.” Non-suceessful M.D._“ Why in tho name of all that's sensible, don’t yon buy some iusoet powder 2” 