; k; pKOPLB SAT Y,.s. rarfces. old coet, H is ? sboufc To Mad voursulf so louoly. At von they mock. I i "undent crock. I - dead leaved fitted only. 18ut JVrfces. old mm, J i :fc if yon can ) i member this and ponder, Ii nm went straight, N unkind fate i.uld thus hiivu lot you wander, j , it tlio Coloi/uc Gazette is about s , i Mc ;i paper as Sydney Truth. In. the .I:spa,"uosc soldiers :sre cat n ,lils of beef. Vegetarianism ami \itt >i v ?I" llo ' BCCiu to be synonymous. 1 Int tlu jMuhWcllbrook Chronicle is iimr illin;; v.itli the local small boys. Hi t tho Murnirmidi Times is unij; attention lo local morals. It in it when the Legislative Council hits Ii l'shed with tlia Coal Alines Act v i ithur will not know it. JJi it. Jacob M.L.C., is starving for iht ti_,hl. to a finish between tho Council uml the Assembly. lhi*. thy capture of l'ort Arlbiir by llio Japanese! is not half so certain as th l the Dutch have taken Holland. ill it an Australian Governor won X 2 >0K) on the Melbourne. Cup. Ouc or two of thoin want it badly. (hit it its far easier io get out of u>l in Xcw South Wales than it is to get out of tiie ijoutlait iv Africa. Tli t Variiey Farkcs, ??l.J\, lias boon showing the l'uMic "Works Committee tliat lie is a chip of the old b!o'j!i. } That dismal .li:nmyGarvau.ex-M.l'., ; lias not the ghost of a show of being i returned for tlie Tweed. | That the late Ribbs had !an exceeding fondnens for aiiti-aut '- composition. That the Kcv. Talinago has rt-s-igned ? the pastorate of tho Brooklyn Tabs-r \--? naclc. Lecturing evidently pays better ,'? than prc-icliiiiK, That Sciv South "Wales is the only ; Australian colony whose llaihvay \ Commissioners did uotsrjuabbJo among I themselves. ! That many a man is ready to take I time by tho forelock, but would not \- daro to meddle with his wife's false h:?"r. That 3iiico the Australian hens heard their eggs were fetching 10s per 100 in r*on<lou they havu detensiiiied to strike for more corn. That a number of kind persons in Sydney want to establish a home for dogs. This news may be interesting to some e.r-M.V.1 , . That tho Maitland paper suji£O-ts the damming of the 2?ile. This is doubtless because the Hunter lias been w> well dammed —in flood time. That, according to the ifaitlaiul paper, every tlowei" is v veritable pnlilii; hou.se. The p.iiier's readers will gasp in gratitude for this mfonna:ioii. That I'arkes and Wise are treating Jleid much as he treated them when they were in olUee. That does not justify them, though. That they have discovered an extinct goose iv New Zealand. Hut the bree-1 will never be extinct so long as they have woman's suffrage. That with Wiso 31 .P. ii. is -' Parkes and 1." Tliis only differs gnvn maticalh- from Abigail's " ?J.o and l'arke-j." That the Tenteriield *'/?/? believes iv keeping in with Iho police. A good deal depends upon the hour you. go to prtss. That tlio Glen Junes Gannliaii in disgusted with the Premier. On the other hand, the iinarJinn has turned a good few stomachs itself. Tliat the Chinese General, We, has been -beheaded. 1 a Australia, it is tho editors who make a too general use of ** we" who should be hanged. That the municipal water-cart ought to feel proud. There is more interest taken iv it tban in the Kmperor of ltussia's hearse. That the moro Hght let in on the doings of tho last Dibb* Ministry *he darker they appear. Anomalous, but true. That iho woril "chib" is dying out in Sydney- " Cercits" is now the fashionable word. We shall soon hear of the cerclu larrikiis. That according to Hughes, Til.P., I newspapers owe rights to the public. And the public, inclu'iingsoaie Parlia mentary candidates, owes a goutl deal to the newspapers. That, according to the local paper, ! the sea-serpent "has shown up :n | IMurruruudi. This leaves the Scone AJcocalr with a heavy handicap in the snake story competition. That Copcland, 31.1., on Tuesday I spoke for au hour at a moment's j notice. What awful possibilities this suggest.-" it 10 minutes' m>tice were " That bottles filled with concrete arc to be ased as survey marks. ISoitlus filled with whisky hare had much lo do with surveying in the past. That the luvcrell Aiytts thiuk? ?Stoddart'ti team eau neither bat, bowl, nor field. It may be also mentioned that the luverell paper has a good ujtiuiou of itself. That the Tenteriield Courier notes with satisfaction the arrival of a splendid boar. As tho Courier is a big bore itself, this ab>juce of jealousy i? creditable. Tliat Bibbs in one breath denies that Reid baa a mandate from tho people to bring in freetrade, and in the nest breath denounces him £or not hurryiug it up. This is political coa eittency. __ That Parkes tMuks the . present Government is unfit for the position it occupies. Yet sis of its members wore his own colleagues for two years. Cir cuaistauces cvideutly alter cases. The circaiastanco in thia casa is Parkes. That Tho O : Su!ItV3U says lie has been subjected to the gibes "and jenra oF tho press for 12 yoara. On the other baud, Qucaubeyau has had him for rep'rescntativo for Bins years. Who is to bu pitied mo3t. 