THE HORRORS OF A NIGHT. — ~ — — • The Hon. Mrs. St. George was busy entering items in her weekly account book, and generally examining the bills of the month, one morning a good many years ago. She was a tall, thin, grey-haired wcman, with an aquiline nose and distinguished air, which cast a reflection of grandeur on the diminutive study of her tiny house in C. Place, S. W. She was still frowning over the butcher's book when the door was hastily opened by a bright-looking girl of 18 or 19, with shining nut-brown hair, and laughing eyes of no particular color, a slightly "tiptilted" nose, and red lips parting to sppak, over a set of pearly teeth. She held a note open in her hand, and came almost at a run towards the severe-looking lady who was studying her books, and who looked at her sternly. "Is the house on fire, Clara? Pray the door 1" f<i)o read this note frome Aline Carson, ^nntfb. I suppose I may go ?" Mrs. St. Georgo took the note and read it slowly. " Manftftll," she said, turning the note to look again at the address, " does that mean the lunatic asylum V' "Yes." 41 Aline Clal&eon;," repeated Mrs. St. George. " Is ti&t; rather elegant girl who called on you Vast week, the daughter of " " Yes, Auntie," interrupted Clara, eagerly. " She is the only daughter of the celebrated Dr. Carson, who does such wonders by kindness with the insane. You know, he " " An excellent person, no doubt," interrupted Mrs. St. George in her turn. "But not exactly the sort of host for yon 1" " Why 1" cried Clara, opening her eyes in genuine astonishment. " These experimental doctors can scarcsly be considered gentlemen." " Aunnt Honoria!" indignantly, " Dr. Carson is a perfect gentleman! I have always been proud of knowing him! He is so good and clever, quite wonderful! I have set my he^rt on a visit to Manwell, and I shall be leaving town so soon." " If your father does not object, Clara, it is no affair ot mine," returned her aunt, coldly. " How- did you come to know these people ?" " Aline and I were at school together for nearly three years at Versailles. During the short holidays Dr. and Mrs. Carson, always came over and spent themat Versailles—not to take Aline across the Channel '—she was rather delicate, andi they were, oh 1 so kind. to me 1 Aline was staying with us In Yorkshire last autumn, and it is so unlucky that she and her mother were away all the first part of my stay with you. Well, then, auntie, shall I write to say that I will go on Thursday ?" " Thursday V' taking a list of engagements from a letter rack, " why, that is the 25tb, the day of Mrs. De Tracey's dance, the last of the season." " I don't care the least about it. I would much rather go the Carsons, unless," checking herself, " yon want me to go with you." " No 1" abruptly. "There is no use in taking you to dances." "Very well, auntie, I shall write to accept. There is just time to post before II o'clock." The dayswbichintervenedbefore the appointed Thursday were not , exactly pleasant for Clara. She was hot in the good graces of her stately relative, who, nevertheless, deigned to drive her to Paddingten station in her neat brougham, and send her almost clerical-looking man servant to take her niece's ticket, and see her safely into the train. A short run of barely an hour brought Clara Rivers to her destination, where her friend waited her, and after a delighted greeting, drove her in a pretty little pony carriage by green lanes and past groups of grand trees to the large establishment and extensive grounds over which Dr. Carson ruled. The merry chatter of the two girls—recalling former experiences—looking through Aline's treasures of clothes and books, photographs, and sketches, not to mention tea with Mrs. Carsen, a pleasant, easytempered woman, made time fly fast, and it was soon .time to dress for dinner. "What 'charming grounds," said Clara, looking oat of the window of her bedroom, while her friend glanced xound to see that nothing was wanting for the guest's comfort "Yes.. My father is very particular about them. At the other side there is a wood and a large^lawn, but this wing is quite ours. The patients' quarters are to the right from this room?" "Are you ever nervous aboat them, Aline ?" "Oh, no. The poor things that are 5 really bad are far away in the left wing. The quiet, reasonable ones are in the centre." " Do you ever see them ?" "Oh, yes! When it is safe. When my father thinks it will do them good they come to dinner with us, or Harry and I go to play tennis with them." " Your brother Hariy I' t l My half-brother. You remember he came to see me at Versnilles the winter before last ? You know he is mother's eon. Mother was Mrs. Vigors before she married father. He has often asked about you. I hoped he would be here to-day. He has been away on a walking tour in the Pyrenees, but I am afraid he may not come" till Monday. He is not due at Woolwich till Tuesday or Wednesday. You know he is a gunner. Now I will leave ycu to dress." This accomplished, not without pleasant backward glances at the brief visit paid by her friend's brother to their Versailles school, Clara descended to the drawingroom, meeting her friend at the door. Aline Carson was a tall, slim, stately looking demoiselle, with fair hair and blue eyes; she was about a year, older than Clara, and much more decided in character and manner. The girls made a prettily contrasted pair as they entered together. Mrs. Carson was seated in her favourite chair, stroking a beautiful Persian cat, which Bat on her lap, and the doctor was conversing with a well set up, well dressed, soldierly looking man, not tall, but broad-shouldered and strongly built. His face was rugged and stern, and a scar as of a sabre-cut seamed his brow, narrowly escaping his left eye. Clara thought she had never seen such piercing, glowing, dark eyes before. Dr. Carson welcomed his young guest with kindly warmth, and presented the gentleman with whom he was speaking as Major Delmege. " I presume we need not wait for Harry said the doctor to his wife. " No," she returned; " he would be here by this if he were coming. We shall not see him now till to-morrow," and she rang for dinner, which was almost immediately announced. Clara found herself vis-a-vis with the Major, who from time to time looked at her with almost alarming fixity, only at intervals, however, for he gave all his serious attention to his dinner. Judging from his performances, she imagined it must have been a considerable time eince he had dined previously. At length his appetite was appeased, and he began to talk with bis host and hostess, by degrees absorbing most of the conversation; and very interesting his talk was. He had been a great travellerhad traversed Asia from the north, entering India from Mongolia, and finally sojourning in Ceylon, where he formed a devoted friendship with a Buddhist priest, whose disciple he became, and who initiaetd him into the wonders of occultism— some of the strange doctrines of which he was proceeding to expound when Mrs. Carson retired—much to Clara's regret— who was listening open-mouthed to the Major's descriptions of the first men, according to Theosophic ideas. " Poor Major Delmege !" said Mrs. Cir son, as she drew her chair to the open window, and sat down to inhale the delightful ordours of the garden. "He was growing quite excised, when your father looked at me. We must mako him sing when they come in." " Still my father has great hopes of him," said Aline. Why! can it be possible," began Clara. " Yes, indeed!" interrupted Mrs. Carson. " He is a patient of my husband's and a very interesting one. He waB badly wounded ib the head, as yon see, at Inkerman, and has been subject to curious illusions ever since, though in some reBpeots quite reasonable." " Is he ever dangerous ?" asked Clara, a little anxiously. " No! When he first came he was Inclined to quarrel with men, but he was always nice to Aline and to myself. He has a fine voice; we must get him to sing. It always calms him." A short silence ensued. Clara did not at all like the idea of passingthe evening in Msjor Delmege's presence. Hid eyes had frightened her. It was all very well—these benevolent experiments of Dr. Carson's—but he ought not to prosecute them when had guests. While she thought, the Major, followed by his host, came into the drawing-room. His eyes immediately sought Clara's with a somewhat wistful expression, but he sat down beside Mrs. Carson, and talked to her in a low voice for a few minutes, while the Doctor begau to question Clara about her experience of a London seaBon, and she was forgetting her uneasiness when Mrs. Carson said : " Light the candles on the piano, Aline, my dear. The Major will give us one of his own songs." — That gentleman rose and walked over to Clara. " Excuse me," he said with a wonderfully pleasant smile, "I did not catch your name when I was presented to you, and you remind me of—of—an old friend." " Ob, my name is Rivera," said Clara, nervously. " Rivers! No!" shaking his bead; "that tells me nothing. Siil), even the semblance of a familiar face is welcome. To-morrow, if you will allow me, I will bring the picture of a lady whom I fancy you resemble." " Now Major Delmege," interrupted Mrs. Carson. He immediately obeyed, and seating himself at the piano struck some chords with a fine, strong touch, a dreamy look stealing over his rugged face. He went on to play some curious, wild, sad airs, unlike any Clara had ever heard before, with T)dd, almost uncouth transitions in the keys. " But you will sing, will you not, my dear Major 1" asked Aline, with whom he seemed very friendly. " I will," he said. " I will sing you a camp song that our fellows were fond of when we were before Seb&3topol. It's rough, you know," addressing himself to Clara, " but you cannot expect much from an uncultivated soldier. The words and music are both mine." He dashed into a martial prelude, like a march, and in a rich, powerful, but untrained voice, trolled forth SGme verses with a refrain ending in " Comrades mine." The air was spirited and catching, and charmed Clara, who was exceedingly fond of music. Once set down to the piant, the Major seemed disposed to remain there till the following morning. He sang song after song, in a variety of languages, played airs and dances of the wildest description, till the doctor arrested him. " You make us forget the time, my dear Major. We oight to be going to roost, like honest folk. You must give us this pleasure again when Harry comes. You know how much he likes'Comrades mine."' Major Delmege started up. "I have forgotten myself!" he exclaimed; "you ought to have sent me away sooner." He bade tham a hasty good-night, holding Clara's hand for a moment longer than he need, and murmuring " I shall see yon again; I shall come and see you again," departed followed by Dr. Carson. " What a wonderful man ! What a pity to be so clever and 6o insane. Did he compose all those songs himself?" cried Clara. " Oh, ho!" said Aline, " some of them I know are not his, but several are—" " He is rather excited to-night," added Mrs. Carson, " and the doctor had such hopes of him. I must say I always am a little afraid of his growing worse." " Come, Clara!" said Aline, " let us go to bed;" and she carried her young friend off for a little private confabulation before they resigned themselves to sleep. Seeing, however, that Clara looked pale and sleepy, Aline soon left her to repose, having made plans for riding to a " show " place in the neighborhood next day. Clara closed the dpor, locked it. and feeing a bolt above, shot it carefully, then she turned to look at the moonlit grounds before she drew down the blind and prepare for bed. When she returned to the dressing-table, she perceived that in a slight recess to the right of the window there was another door she had not seen before. It evidently opened into the central division of the house. She suddenly wished she had asked Aline about it, where it led to, and if the key was on the other side, for it certainly was not in the lock. She tried the handle. The door was immovable. " Probably Aline has locked it, and taken away the key," she said to herself. " I must not let myself be silly." With this wise resolve she undressed, put out her candle, and lay down to rest. But though tired, sleep wonld not come to her. She shnt her eyes close, still she could not help seeing the etrongly-maTked features of Msjor Delmege, his curious half fierce, half wiBtful eyes. She was interested in him, but much more afraid of him. Then ehe tried to recall Harry Vigoxe, as a more agreeable subject of thought. He had not made much impression on her, but she did remember him as a tall, soldierly* looking young fellow, full of life and fun, always ready for a bit of mischief, though sharp and clever, with a good opinion of himself. How tiresome it was Bhe could not eleep. Now she opened her eyes and watched the shadows of trees thrown on the blind by the moon—'there at last she lost conecioueness, only to dream uneasily of her host's patient, who seemed to be playing backgammon with her Aunt Honoria, and finally threw his dice-box at that Btately personage's cur's. She woke at this with a sudden conviction that there waB noise in the next room or passage, and a rushing sound oatside the house. She sat up and listened in* tently; no, the sounds must have been part of her dream. Now she only heard the distant baying of a dog. How long had she slept I She had left both oandlo and matches on the dressing table, and she felt strangely reluctant to get out of bed and fetch them. What was thai ? A quick soft footfall passing her door. The door opering on the passage which led to the staircase. Her heart beat, she could almost heat it. If, oh, if she could escape to Aline! But she ditre not attempt it, some madman wai prowling up and down the pasftge. Again the footsteps passed. " If this goes on," thought Clara, " I shall be a lunatic before morning." Then came a terrible moment, a door slammed quite near, and then ehe heard footstep?, not soft ones, rather firm, and inconsiderate of possible neighbors, going to and fro in the next room to hers; also sounds as of things thrown about and the jangle of metal. While she listened appalled, her restless neighbour began to whistle loud and clear ; she had no difficulty in reoognislng the spirited air. It was poor Major Delmege's "Comrades mine." Her dreadful foreboding was right there; this lunatic was close to ber 1 Perbapg he had the key-of the door on his side! Might come in and strangle her at any moment! What should she do ? She dared not open the other door. She might meet him in the passage 1 What was to become of her! Terriftad into a further s'age of fear she slipped out of bed, and groped her wey where she bad thrown her dressing gown over a chair, and put it on, felt for the candle (the moon had gone down), found it, but in so doing knoctced the matches off the table, and felt as she would on the carpet, she could not hit on them. Should she scream for help. No, for the terrible creature at the other side of that frail door might be irritated inti pouncing on her and eilence her for ever ! There was a pause in the walking to and fro—even the whistling ceased. Could the unhappy madman be gone to sleep 1 Poor Clara indulged in a gleam of hope. She stole near the door. The moment all was still 6he would make a dash for Aline's room. The next moment the sound of a heavy weight driven with immense force, it seemed to her, against the intermediate door deprived poor Clara of all solf-control. She crept close to the entrance, and a cry for help, a despairing cry, escaped her. There was a sudden cessation of bumping pgdinst the door. Rapid footsteps were heard, growiug first fainter, then louder. Next the handle of the door near which she crouched was tried by a stroDg hand, and a voice—not the mad Mfcj.jr's—a young, pleasant voice, asked, " What's the matter ? What's up ? Can I help you ?" "Who—who is there}'' sobbed Ciara through the key-hole. " Vigors—Harry Vigors 1 Can I help you ?" " Oh, thank God! thank God ! Take me to Aline. Is it safe—is it safe " Yes, safe enough if you will open the door." And Clara, regardless of her dishevelled hair, her thin white dressiog-gown, her tear-staiued eyes, swiftly opened the door, and rushed into the arms of a tall man in a robe de chambre of Indian stuff, who stood outside, having evidently depoeited his shaded candle on a small table close by. " Great heavens! Miss Rivers 1" he exclaimed, holding her up tenderly. « What has happened ?'' *'0h! take me to Aline! Before he comes out and murders you, too 1" Who 9 Who will murder rs ?" " The mad man—Maj ,r Delmege ! He has been trying to burst open the door into my room. I " " Major Delmege ? He is ever so far eff I The room next yours is mine! I came so late that I did not disturb any one, but just turned in to my OTTO quarters. I had no idea there was anyone next to me. I am afraid I made a fearful row. I threw my portmanteau against the door iri;to your room, which must have startled you. I am awfully sorry. Do forgive me ! Why, you are trembling like a leaf. No, I am sure you can't stand alone. Shall I bring my sister to you Y' " No," returned Clara, feeling vaguely it was rather too informal to stand there in such deshabille, cuddled up in that protecting fashion by an almost total stranger. " No, I can go to her quite well," and she disengaged herself from him, "but you must come with me." " Certainly," said Vigors, taking up his candle and preceding her. " I can never forgive myself for frightening you. Aline, get up. Here, Miss Rivers wants you I" " Harry. What on earth has happened," cried Aline, struggling into a wrapper, and striking a light. " Why, Clara, you look like a ghost !'* A hasty explanation followed, Clara i (sheltering herself in a big arm-chair. [ "I am so distressed, dear, that I did i Hot tell you the door into Harry's room is ! always fastened up—has been for years— | I never thought of mentioning it." " Oh, it is all right now, thank God!" said Clara, bursting into tears. " Go away, Harry," said his sister in a low voice. " How is it you are so late ?" " Oh, we came by Cherbourg and Southampton, and did not reach Waterloo till past ten, then I missed the eleven-thirty at Paddington. I say, Aline, can't I get anything for her i She is awfully upset.'' "Your best plan is to disappear! I will take care of her, and let us not say any thing to father about it." The next day Clara was nearly herself again. Though looking pale and feeling still nervous, she managed to ride, and found Vigors the most thoughtful and careful cf cavaliers. Indeed—bnt having detailed the horrors of a night in Manwell, I have no right to prolong the story. She—" What can a woman do for amusement when she has no money 1'' He—" Go shopping." She—" Her horse ran away and be stopped it. And now they are married." He (,adlj ) —« Yee, but some hones never run away." Served him right.—Tenderfoot—" So he killed five men. Well, he deserved hanging." Rattleenake B II—" I reckon he did. When we overtook him we found he was ridin' a Stolen boss 1" Mamie—" Papa, what ie hereditary!" Papa It—It is—U ie anything you get from yonr pother otSme." Mamie—" Then, papa, I sup. |*m ajMpklngls hereditary," 