the mystery oe clement DUNRAVEN BY JEAN MIDDLEMAS, Author of 14 A Girl in ft TliotiSftod," " Touch on>3 Go,' ' SenleJ by a liiss," " By Fuir Means," etc. LI513ETH SAW CLEMENT SLOWLY STCOLLINQ TUBOUGB THE GABDEN. Jj\N0r8Iri OF PREVIOUS CHA3TER8. PnAnrR» 1. and II. — Sir Louis Dunniven, of Ab'mio Gwt. has two noiliowB, Clement Dunraven aoi i'li'n-o VrtUpban. The baronet wishes tlie former to mum Jidy Gertrude VcnmhoyJe. and makes it a cou-lilwh of liira loavimr him hi projjotty that he should propose to her at once. Ho consents, but with B pe- jret -firrow. Pierce Vsuulihti, who is in love with tierfrude, dotenniin that he will dweovvr tlie secret of his aud accidetilally liuds a note tu the iollomug terms : — " Dercrt Clem,— Ihauks for your darling nutc. I will mrot vou nt th«» iiraal place on Tuesday at dupk— Yourever loving Ur.TA." < -lenient does as hiB uncle do.-ires bim, and pro|>naeB !< and is accepted by l.iady Gertrude. INercc Vauglian hears ol tliv engagement with chagrin. Aft he is walking in the grounds trying to cool his fevered brow In distinctly sees a atrauue woman leave them. So suddenly had sbe appeared anil dirappcareil that she ee,»ius like a ghost. P.m:thi' riiArrr.n III.— Element Duornven, after hiseupagoineut with Lady Gertrude, visits a little cottage about four rnib.-s from Aboyno Court, and there nicvLs Lisbetb Glendeotiiog. ulium, in a weak moment, he has made his wife. CHAPTER III.— (Continued). CUement watched the fearful struggle which conflicting feelings were causing, and at last grew somewhat impatient at the delay. He hated the whole scene, hated his unole for forcing him into it, hated Lady Gertrude for being the innocent cause, and hated himself most of all for having been so weak as to be lured from hie allegiance to Lisbeth. He would have it over quickly, why did i she delay ? By dint of much false reasoning he had arrived at the conclusion that it all mattered very little, since if he married Lady "Gertrude twenty times over, beehonld always love Lisbeth best, and to a girl in LUbeth'e position the fact of not being his acknow ledged wife could not make any real differ ence. When old Josh died Clement knew full well that she would cot have a single sixpenoe, mid he would not be able to give bar anything if she forced him to acknow ledge hia marriage, whereas, once let him grasp Sir Lonts' fortune and he would take good care that Lisbeth lived in clover. They had been a pair of fools to get themselves into this position, and it was only making matters worse to go on with it, if Lisbeth eoald only be persuaded to Bee things in a proper light. " WoJl, Rett," he said at last, 44 you take a long time to make up your mind, and after all it is not such a very seriouB affair You will see me qnite as often as you do now, and 1 will take care yon never have a trouble or a thought about money." " It's not that, Clem, it is not myself I am thinking of ; I would sacrifice money and happiness both, for your ad vantage; that you know full well. It always seems tome as if it were a woman's privilege to suffer for the man sbe loves." " That being your idea I do not see that much difliculty remains," 6&id; Clem. 44 Yes, there is one. I am going to tell you my determination, Clem. I hope it will not make you angry. Anyway, you will have to abide by it." He drew her towards h'm once more and kissod her. "Sweet love, you were always good to me." 44 Hut you have not yet beard what I have to say. it all depends on the child, Clem. If it is a girl I will consent to be silent abont the marriage, and let her suffer us her mother will, in order to give her father riches and place. A little mors or lesatnisery will not make much difference in a woman's life. But if the child is a boy I will not have my marriage kept a secret, be must take his father's name and inherit the baronetcy as his father's heir." Clement Duuraven looked at her aghast. "Good heavens, Lisbeth, what nonsense. Why should a boy be more considered than a fprl'r On the coutrary be can make his way in the world when a girl cannot do so." a " 1: seems to mo, Clem," she said, speak ing with much dignity, 44 that you have come here to day to &fk; of me the very greatest favor a man can ask a woman, eyeu to give ftp her reputation and good name for his sake. If I grant this favor and oonsent to take my place among the outcasts of society for your dear sake, it must be on my own terms. Onoe again I repeat, if the cnild yet to bo born is a boy he muet take your name and in herit your title." '' But, my dearest Bett, it will be weeks yet before we shall know. My uncle's orders that this marriage with Lady Gertrude takes rt onoe are imperative. He ib in very bad health, and if he should die before the event comes off, then everything is lost." All that, Clem, you must arrange aooord- your judgment. Marrv Lady Ger- tonde lo-morrow if you like, only if my child is a boy I shall announce my prior claim ; if it is a girl I will go whither" you will, do as you wiit trusting to your love that you will ?? y.815 me utterly. You see 1 have strong Gem " your weakness, my "I shall never forBake yon, Bett. I will to true to you until death, although you are ifKf me ? very diffiouit position now." liie position is diffiouit, my beloved ; it nas ulwayB been diffiouit ; until the end oomos twill remain so. Now, dear, do not let us any mow about this other marriage which you are going to oontract, but bo happy rn eaoh other's love for a brief space. Grand father is very ill and I must return to him voonorhe will be wearying for me." -v0® are very kind" to your grandfather, V ' ar kinder than yon are to me, and h i en cruel to you." me? are cruel," she answered, cruel when they seem to love you fflement Dunraven winood LUbeth would BWMiy please him as muob as she had e begmnt0gWe ttuismB «wMmf 1)8 PMibl« the power shehsd nilU? !r Tany mon the past was already I, i T thc wane- No. there was no X?l th0,.ybole Uke Lisbeth. He ££»my.; htUo1P">"lted at her to-day, P oi, He loved her t the o61 her loyalty, would ever love her tlie best on earth. 44 1 fervently and ardently wish that Lady Gertrude was dead," he Baid, encircling Lis beth in a very close embrace. 44 Oh, Gem, how wrong it is to talk like that. For the last two days I have been madly, wildly jealous of that beautiful Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, but to-day I pity ber from my very heart. Yes, I do think, Clem, that ehe needs pity even more than I do, who am your rejected, deserted wife." 44 You are neither rejected nor deserted, sweet one. You are only helping me to obtain a fortune, wbioh will be most advan tageous to us both." 44 You will be very good to Lady Ger- trnde, Gem. You will not let her see that she is second in your affections." 41 1 will try and do my duty by her, Bett. But it will be very diffiouit, knowing all the while that she is nnsurping your place." 41 1 wonder if ehe loves you, Clem, lovea you as much as I do—" 44 Confound her, that is jnst what she does. If she did not adore me quite so palpably it would not have entered into Uncle Louis' head toforoe this marriage." 44 Poor Lady Gertrnde !" again repeated Lisbeth. She took a sort of pleasure in tor turing herself with thinking out the future relations between her Clement and Lady Ger trude. By sight she knew Lady Gertrude Vers choyle very well The Earl, as Lord Mel- bury was called by all the people in and around Coleshill, owned most of the property in those parts, and was looked up to as if he were a small king. Lisbeth was strongly imbued with the veneration in which the Earl and all his family were held. In fact, it is very doubtful if she would have con sented to waive her olaims on Clement, since she was really and truly his wife, for any Btar of lesser magnitude than Lady Ger trude. To her unsophisticated mind it seemed a kind of honor to herself that her Gement should be called upon to make such a grand alliance, and that she, an unknown and in significant minim, should be brought into rivalry with the greatest lady of the county. Uneducated people like Lisbeth Glendin- ning have strange ways oi looking at the cir cumstances which arise in life, hence her willingness to give place to Lady Gertrude, if the son and heir, whose portion she con sidered ought to be her first thought, did not come between them. The word bigamy and the chance that Cbmcnt stood of having his first marriage found out, and standing in a deck for his pains, never once entered her head. If she chose to give him up what right had anyone else to interfere, she would have asked. They did not discuss the situation any farther, there seemed nothing more to say. They tried to be happy again for the few fleeting moments left to them. A bar, bow- ever, had come across the escutcheon of their happiness, and life would never again be the same for cither of them, although neither realised what trouble in the future they had been preparing for themselves. At last a hoarse cry from the upper room put a stop to the interview, which had as sumed a painfully 6trained character. It was old Josh who had awakened from a sleep, fretful and angry at finding himself alone, and was calling Lisbeth. 44 God bless you, Clem," she said, kissing him hurriedly, " and may your happiness be as great as is the love of your poor de serted Bett." She was gone, and he stood alone by tho doorpost for some minutes after she had left him. Not until she was gone did he seem fully to t&ke; in how terrible was the position in which he found himself. He was engaged to L&dy; Gertrude Verschoyle. with the full oonsent of his unole and the Earl of Mel- bury. Before many hours were over there would be paragraphs in all the society papers announcing the approaching marriage in high tile, and yet the realisation of the event depended entirely on a freak of chance. U Liebeth's child were a boy, his previous mar riage would be made known, and branded with the name of blackguard he would go forth into the world a pauper. What a fool Lisbeth was. What good would it do the bey to be a baronet, since he would have no money to keep up his position ; but to reason any farther with her on the subject would, he felt, be very useless. Lisbeth was always unflinchingly firm to her resolutions. Clement Dunraven looked anything but an expectant and happy bridegroom as he 6tood there wailing and hoping that Lisbeth might come back. He did not expect that, however eloquent or imperious he might be, it would be of any avail, but he felt he might as well make one more effort to bring hor to what he was pleased to consider— reason. But Lisbeth did not return. Old Josh was querulous, and wanted her ; moreover, she did not care for any further talk with Ge ment ; tbeir late conversation had filled her mind with so much torturiug and perplexing thought that she preferred to be alone, as alone that is as Josh's oonstant rsquirements would permit. She knew quite well that Clement was still standing by the back door, because he oould not have gone away without her beer- log his foot-fall on the gravel path, and she wondered what he oould be doing there so long, but ahe made no attempt to go and see. After a long time, just as old Josh fell asleep onoe more, she heard him walk away, and going to the window, tee saw him slowly strolling through tho garden with bent back and lowered head, looking the very incarnation of misery. Then Lisbeth'e overflowing heart could stand the strain that had been put upon it no longer. She fell on her knees beside a chair and wejY, as those only weep to whom tho future brings no hope. Absolutely absorbed by her desperate grief tee saw nothing, heard nothing while the juroxysm lasted, and though some one rang the bell at the front door of the cottage, o)e sound never reached her. A second time it pealed more badly, but still Lisbeth heeded it not, and the visitor, impatient at being kept waiting, went round the back. Clement Duuraven was well out of Bight by this time, but he had rashly left evidences of his presence in thc shape of a note on the window Bill close by. The man, for it was a man, who had prowled round in seatch of some inmate, took up the note and looked at it curiously. It bore no eupersoription, and was therefore, he probably considered, public property. Any, way, he opened it, for it was merely folded ana not fastened in any way. An exclamation rose to his lips when be saw the handwriting, which he recognised at once, though the missive was in pencil. He bad not time, however, to make himself master of It6 contents, for Lisbetn, having partially recovered from the storm that was raging at her heart, came down the stairs in order to resume her daily occupations in the , kitchen, and to prepare some soup for the old man's next waking. The man, shy at being caueht in the act of prying, dropped tho note; the next moment he regretted that he had not pocketed it. But it was too late, Lisbeth was already at the door. She did not know the man. She did not remember ever having seen him before, and wondered wby he kadoome, since strangers called but rarefy at their cottage. She asked bim somewhat roughly whatne wanted. With her quick sense of discrimina tion she saw that he was a gentleman, though not a pleasant one, she decided at the same moment. 41 1 was coining into Coleshill to-day, so I was asked to call here by Lady Marcia Foi- jambe. She wishes to know how Mr Glen- dinning is, and if there is anything she can do for him?" " Thank you, there is nothing. My grand father is very ill — the doctor says he will not live many days." 44 And you arc here all alone, my poor girl 'r" 44 1 am alone— yes." He looked at her swollen eyes, for whioh her grandfather's hopeless condition ac counted, but which scarcely marred her superb, Juno-like beauty, and he felt en slaved. 44 Shall I not send you a nurse, or one of Lady Marcia's servants would oome." 4 Lady Marcia is very good, but I can do all that is necessary, thank you, and I want nothing." The tone was majestic, and the bearer of the message from Brent wells felt himself dis missed. He lifted his hat and turned to walk uway. 14 There is a nolo or something lying there," he said, carelessly, as ho did so. Lisbeth blushed crimson. She knew full well whose note it was. but he did not appear to remark her trouble ; he only smiled com placently as he saw her take it up. 44 Good taste; by Jove, Gement has good taste in women. Of course, that is Beta. How lncky to have discovered this Becret. It may be useful." The man who had called at the cottage was Pierce Yaugban, and he had recognised Lisbeth as the woman he had seen in Brentwells Park on the night of the ball. CHAPTER IV.— Wjikre Has She Gone ? 44 We have much pleasure in announcing that the marriage of Lady Gertrude Verschoyle, only daughter of the Earl of Melbary, and Mr Clement Dunraven, nephew and heir of Sir Louis Dunraven, is fixed for the 10th January. The bride iB beautiful and charming, the bridegroom handsome and popular. The union of two of the leading families in the country gives the very greatest pleasure to the relations and friends of the contracting parties. Not one dissentient voice has said them nay, and if their wedded life is as thcrnless as has been the path of roses which has attended their love, no pair in the length and breadth of prosperous England is more to be envied. 44 The bridal trousseau has been ordered with profnee generosity and the greatest taste from some of the leading firms in London and Paris, while local talent had not been entirely left out in the oold. And the jewels, which have already been bestowed by Sir Louis and his nephew on the fair fiancee are costly and rare. Such was the verbose and pompous para graph whioh appeared in the 44 Coleshill Mer cury," about two days before Christmas, and to most of the local readers the perusal brought a glad feeling ; they loved to think that two young people who had been brought up in their midst should be on the high road to so much happiness. But one or two of those who saw it, shivered as they read. Elvira Dolaue was one of these. The reoollection of how she had likened to a shroud the ball-dress Lady Gertrude had worn at Lady Marcia Fol- jambe'e ball, came book to her with un pleasant vividness, for now us then she had evil forebodings as to how her friend's mar riage with the mysterious Clement would turn out. She had consented to be a bridesmaid, and gave herself endless trouble about the drosses ; still, ber heart misgave her. Evea as she read the paragraph she wondered what Pierce Vaughan thought about it. Sbe often found herself connecting his opinion with her own even when she did not intend to do so, since ahe had one of those 6trange heart yearnings towards him, which clever, charming women not infrequently have for mon who are not in any way worthy of them By coincidence, affinity Elvira would probably have thought it, Pierce Vaughan, though somewhat distant, was reading the paragraph at the very same moment that she was. He scarcely smiled on the marriage, any more than did Miss Delane, but from a very different cause. This projected marriage not only put au ead for ever to all chance Pierce Vaughan once believed himself to have, of becoming his uncle's heir, but he himEolf had had aspirations for Lady Gertrude's band, and consequently he regarded Clement in the light of a hated rival. Sir Louis alwayB sent the 44 Coleshill Meicury " to Pierce Vaughan, and he had reooived it as usual that morning in his Temple Chambers, but as he intended to leave by an early train, in order to go down and spend Christmas at Aboyne Court, he thrust it ioto liis pocket to read eu route. As he did so, his fists clenched, aud his brow grew as contracted and dark that a solitary old gentleman who was in the carriage with him had serious doubts as to his sanity, and contemplated changing his 6cat at the next station. It was Coleshill, however, and Pierce Vaughan himself got out. He looked about. There was no trap awaitmg him from Aboyne Court. A mis take had been made in the telegram, and he had not been expected so early. 44 Someone would c≪ for his luggage later in the day ; he would leave it in the cloak room and walk," so he told the station- master. But he looked so dark and angry that the man remarked to a -subordinate : 44 1 pity them as has made the mistake. They'll get it hot. Lucky for us all as Mr Clement ie to have the Court, and not this 'ere London scowler." Pierce, however, was not thinking about tho mistake or the absent trap, but rather glad, on the contrary, to find himself alone, and with an houror two on hishauds. The announcement in that newspaper had so roused his jealous ire that he had arrived at a spiteful and desperate resolution, viz., that if it lay within his power, he would stop his cousin's marriage with Luoy Gertrude. In order to bring this about be came to the conclusion that a visit to the dilapidated old oottage, where Lady Marcia hod sent him two months ago to inquire after Josh Glcndinning, might, with diplomacy, be pro ductive of au advantageous reBult. Through the town, then, he walked briskly, nor patued until he readied the cottage in question . In the winter the place looked even more dilapidated than when he had been there before. He rang the bell as he had done on that former ocossiou, and as had then happened, again the sound clanged through the house, but no one came. Another vigorous pnll produced no better result, aud onoe more Pierce Vaughan walked round to the book door. This time, however, it was drat. He looked through the kitchen window, on the sill of which he had found Clement's note. There was no fire or other symptom of habitation ; in fact, the whole plaoo seemed utterly de serted. He turned back, and as he reached the front gate an elderly woman, tersely de scribed by the word 44 hag," was ooming in. 44 tVhab has beoome of the GLendinnings ? I cannot make anyone hear ?" said Pierce Vaugban. u Lord bless yer soul, Josh Glendinning has been dead these six weeks or more. He is in his grave down yonder." 44 And his pretty granddaughter P" The old woman's eyes twinkled, and ehe looked at him sb if to ask — 44 Are you a lover by chance?" He shook his head in response to her un spoken words, and then she said— 44 She left these yere parts w<fhin & fort night of old Josh's death." 44 And where has she gone ?" 44 That I dunno. It was a sort of mid night flitting. Sbe aaid as how ehe was goin to see an annt in London, but no one saw her go, and she has left no address be hind. One day she was there and the next she wasn't, that's all we know. Bat Lisbeth Glendinning always was a strange, uncanny sort of girL The bit of a drab as used to do errands for her sometimes says as she packed up most of the things as was worth anything a fere she left, but the doors is all locked, and no one can get in to see what she has done with them." 41 Did she go off with a lover, do you think V 44 Shouldn't think it," said the old woman, 44 she was always stand-off with the boys in the town. The man has to be created as would pleaee Lisbeth'e fancy. I thought perhaps a big swell like you, now, had done the tnck." 44 Not I I scarcely knew her. I had a message from my cousin, Mr Gement Dun raven." 44 "What, he as is going to marry Lady Gertrude Verschoyle ? What's a gentleman as is going to make a marriage like that to do with a girl like Lisbeth Glendinning ?" 44 That's exactly it. Under the oiroutn- stances he cannot come himself, so he was obliged to depute me-" Pierce Vaughan was disappointed not to find Lisbeth and discover for himself some thing of the relations which existed or had existed between her and Gement. The next best thing to farther discovery was, he con sidered, to diplomatically calumniate Cle ment and set the Coleshill people talking, so that the scandal might at last reach the ears of Lady Gertrude. " Every little helps to make a big whole," Pierce Vaughan thoaghi, and he was still as resolved as ever to stop this marriage if it were possible. Only be was beginning to be afraid that te had somewhat over-rated the intrigue between his cousin and this Lisbeth Gleudinning. 44 If Coleshill town knew naught about it, there oouldu't be much to know," he argued, yet the girl's sudden dis appearance at this junction wae strange. The old woman made no reply to his state ment about the message from Clement, of which he was the bearer, but she looked so bewildered aud aghast at the statement that the subtle Vaughan saw that hiB shaft had struck home, and that inuendocs about Cle ment and Lisbeth Glendinning would soon be in full circulation without it being neoessary for him to commit himself any farther. He asked the old woman a little sternly what she was doing there since the house was locked np, and being told that she had only come for a few sticks to light her fire, which he did not believe, he proceeded in search of a new combination whereby to attain hie ob ject. He found it in a form for which he was scarcely prepared, even in a meeting with Clement Danraven himself, who was smoking a cigar and wandering in the little wood in a mood scarcely leas dejected than that whioh had overpowered him on the day of hie pro posal to Lady Gertrude. The two cousins were always outwardly on the very best of terms, but they never confided tbeir individual affairs in the very least to eaoh other. They met now with much apparent oordiality. 44 Hollo, Clem, you look as love-sick as a bird with the pip," oried Vaughan, who had seen Clement before he himself had been re cognised. 44 And you, Pierce, what are you doing here? Have you walked from Coleshill? Yon Londoners are more energetio than one gives you credit for." 41 It is not my energy : it is Brook's fault, he never brought the trap. Bat that does not matter since it has given me the opportunity of meetiog you. I want to have a chat with you. I have never really had an opportunity of congratulating you on your engagement. I hope 'it really makes you happy, Clem, though, by Jove, yoa scarcely look it." 44 Oh, I em happy enough. Luckiest dog in Christendom, you know, but I am afraid this engagement is scarcely a subjeot of con gratulation to you. I always fancied yoa were a little hard hit in that quarter yoar- self." 44 Not a bit of it, my dear feTow. Lady Gertrude is charmine and fascinating, ana as your wile I hope 1 shall be on very good terms with her. But I have no thoughts about matrimony. I must make my fortune first." Gement tried to laugb, but looked un easy. He knew full well that this was not true, and that Vaughan was disappointed, both about the lady and the heirship. If he had spoken from hie heart he would have bidden him take them both and let him be free, free from the dread he was already feeling lest his secret marriage should be£ come public property. It would, however, he thought, be almost a difficult to own it now as to let things take their course. So he remained silent and allowed events to drift, though he looked so overcome by anxiety that even Lady Gertrude did not fail to notice it, and people still wondered what the mystery of his life could be. But how could he be otherwise, when he did not know even now whether Lisbeth would allow the marriage to go on, or, even woree still, whether after it was perpetrated, she might not annul it. (TO BE OOKTlNTmD.) 