THE RED HUT.: A CHRISTMAS GHOST STORY.' BY BILDT NOTTS. ; No sign of" grace— no hope of green Cool-blossomed leasdris mark tho spofc. .But chained to an iron doom, I ween, \- ? 'Tia left- like a skeleton to rot. . r For on tlii hnt had mrirder writ With bloody fingers hellish things. And God will nerer visit it. — KsNDALt. ?- " So .you bollGTS in gnosis/' said Jack Tracy," as we sat: smoking our. pipes ; and- sipping- our; grog- one Christmas Eve, in the Xstudy of 1 his neat little? .villa at ; Hawthorne". . We had ? been mates for .awhile in the earlier . years of - the roaring; fifties?" when the yellow fever was raging, and "all sorts and conditions of men"-' with a sparse sprinkling of women,1 swarmed from one diggings to. another, as the the ? attractions of one waned and another increased. After a- time we had drifted asunder, and the next I heard of Jack was through the medium of a mutual friend, who informed irie that riiy bid mate had dropped on it heavy arid had retired infco.private lifp. He had, like many other? ?yeung,?mein who at that period were numerous on the diggings, left the. old country for some unexplained reason which no one troubled about, and a very short ac quaintance was sufficient to assure. me that he was a man of superior educa tion, who had known , better days. . It is almost needless to say . that he re ceived me, . when I discovered his loca tion, with frank good nature, and insisted on. my spending my, Christmas with him in his" bachelor den," as he modestly termed the pretty little cottage he inhabited, the furnishing and appointments of which, were on a scale of comfort which betokened , at least a competency! On this particular evening as we sat in the gloaming, our conversation had somehow turned on the supernatural, and I had ventured to express some doubt as to the reality of such appearance, whieh; led up to the remark with which this tale com mences, "So. you don't believe in ghosts." "Well, as to that," I answered? cautiously, " I never could understand how any well regulated spirit could find amusement iu revising the pale glimpses of the moon, arid scaring people out of their wits for no earthly purpose." " That is certainly a practical view to take of the matter," observed Jack ; but you know what your favourite poet says — There are more things in heaven and earth, Than are dreamt of in our philosophy. " Certainly, I recognise Shakspeare as an authority," I replied," "but still whoever heard of a ghost visiting this world to do anyone any good." Jack smiled a,nd puffed vigorously for a few moments, then looking at. me with a queer sidelong glance he en quired, " what would you say, Bill, if I told you, what I have never told anyone else, that it was a ghost who gave me the snug little lump of money on which I live at case ? " " I should say you ware taking a rise out of me," I hastily replied, ." only that I don't believe you'd try to. sell an old mate." . " Quite so ! " said Jack, < its pKlr, sober fact that I owe my present posi tion to a gho3t, and if you care to hear the yarn, fill? up your pipe, pass the whisky, and I'll astonish your weak nerves for once in your life." "Nothing I'd like better," I re joined, " especially on Christmas Eve. A ghost story is apptopriate to the season, so fire away as fast as you like." My old mate composed himself in a more comfortable attitude in his easy- chair, gave a few meditative puffs, and then commenced the narration of his strange and startling experience. "You remember, of course, that when we parted at Ballarat, we had neither of us had much luck at raining, and after I left you my old fortune somehow seemed to stick to me. I fol lowed every new rush, and pegged out a claim in every likely spot, but ifc was no use. I could just make enough to pay for damper, mutton, and tea, but the pounds weight of gold that. I thought when I left the .old couritry, could be procured just : by scratching the ground, seemed. as far off as ever, and only that I could nob fancy having a boss over me. I would have 'dinged it,' as we used to say, and made for Melbourne to look for a billet. So I iusfc roamed aboub from one place to another, sometimes getting an ounce or two, but of fcener nothing at all. At last I drifted along with the. big rush to Fiery Creek, where at. one; time about sixty thousand people were. con gregated, and where .the street .of canvass stores and hotels extended for five miles. Bub I had my usuaL luck, and .after -the mass of diggers; hiad migrated elsewhere, I went out to a small rush at Sailors' . Gully, a few miles away. , This also dwindled away, but. I stayed on, and when not. other wise employed,. used; to stroll about the neighborhood, and? roam about the .maze of ..."gullies, ;which; surrounded the place. It was -?in one. of these rambles . that I. came across the: tnan who was destined to.so strangely .iriflnence my fortunes.. . I-.jvas taking a short cut home one .evening through the bush, and was rather, doubtful if I had " lost iriy bearings," ,as?you sailors say,, when : I noticed, a light, smoke among ;fche , trees, and making for the place to enquire . .riiy. ;Way, came upon- me . one the .queerest habits tions . you everr saw. t -: It ; was a sort., of.:a , hut knocked up Anyhow old . slabs . and waste , pieces pf;. timber, . -roofed w.ith: sheets "of bark .and Mjits of .tin cases, arid, the; chimney' .consisted,, of.? four poles covered - in. . with shingles. You never-, saw .such a, patchwork, concern in your life, . arid When T tell; you that ifc :was?pianlm?,clOTe'by. a dismal looking ..wator.hole, .you ..can. imagine. I felt qurious , to?, know, . what kind of a creature ??couid ? iive; in such a kennel. The:.gujly.., in .t.whioh this splendid .mansioii was . erected had evidently been jvorked at- some distant period, beipg; riddled .with - holes, now mostly filled .with, water, and surrounded with heaps of excavated earth;- An old tub and rickety cradle stood by the pool, from which I inferred that the owner was a " hatter," as we called a man who' worked without a mate, and who was engaged fossicking about the old diggings. I cooed loudly as I ap proached, and as I did so a strange lbiokirigohject slowlyemerged andlooked at me suspiciously. He was a short man, r almost dwarfish in stature, but broad . shouldered, and mast have been a strong man when in' the prime of his life. But his bent form and wrinkled face framed in a fringe of snowy beard and whiskers showed that he was rapidly going down the hill. His dress was .the usual blue shirt and moleskins, torn and soiled, and his shaggy head was crowned with a Tam o' Shanfcer cap like a dissipated pancake, and his neck ; was swathed in a red woollen comforter, notwithstanding, that it was the ; middle of. summer. This strauge character stood in his rude doorway, as if apprehensive of my attempiing to enter. bqt-pr""rTGu a sioiirf silence. In answer to iriy enquiry as to my direc tion, he slowly raised one arm bare to the shoulder and scorched to a coppery hue, arid pointed with a hand which was seamed and scarred with years of toilsome labor. Next I asked for a light to my pipe, arid the o|d' chap backed in and came out again1 with a- fire:stick. ' It was evident he' was Triot inclined to be hospitable? so I' turned away: with a ' So long,' unite 1' which he simply acknowledged ; with a surly' nod of the head, and stood there watch-? irig me till I was oufc of sight." I lay awake'in riiy biink forA long tiirie puzzling over : vwKo arid what: this soli tary old fellow could be," arid could drily? come to the conclusion that he was orie of the mo3t, uncommon order of men who, for soirie, reasons best' known to himself, had turned misiirifchropical anil shunned 'the1 company of his fellows. When I came to, enquire about him next day? T found' he was kriowh-'ky sight to mariy of the diggers; :whd after their friendly? advarices'had;b'een! several1 1 tiiries1 sulkily, repelled; gave up" his acqu'airitonce. The owrierbf th'elittle store whichsupplied the modesfcwantisdf' our community could tell me very lifcfcle, except1 that lie was generally known' as Scotty? soriietiuies"" expanded .into Orariky Scotty ; that he came iri iat irregular .intervals to sell small parcels of gold and' purchase1 proyisions';; that he was very 'penurious and sharp' at bargaining, and related - to me with a good-humored laugh how.Scottygrowlqd. when he was handed a box of wooden matches as currency ; for threepence in default of small change, and! how lie saved them? up until ha had gathered a dozen,1 and .then' brought -thein back and demanded three shillings worth.of stores in exchange. ; He; never drank? and the only luxury ho indulged iri— and that spari'ngly-Avas smoking! The general opinion seemed to 'be thatme was a harmless lunatic? who pottered about the old1 workings arid 1 scraped up a bare subsistence/ though there were a few who hinted; that he might possibly be making a pile on. the quiet and' ' planting' the bulk of if in soria'e secret place. However it might be, if was recognised that it was no one's busi-- riess but his own, and the poor old fellow was soon left to the solitude he seemed to prefer. His composite habi tation was always referred to, in the rare instances when he was spoken of, as the Red Hilt? from a strange freak of its owner in daubing its exterior with a fchiek coating of? red clay, prob ably with a view to niakirig its crazy walls impervious to wind and- weather. Well, time passed on, and although' our numbers steadily dwindled as the news of fresh gold-fields reached us, o'd Scotty still worked on in his hermit-like fashion, and whenever I passed that way in my strolling, our acquaintance went no' -further: than' a ' Good day, mate,' from trie, and a stiff nod from him.- But one day, this plncid intercourse wnij broken in a ludicrous but also serious mariner. As I was making my way down frorii the head of the gully orie quiet evening, I. heard a confused noise as of a violent altercation, and hastening ray steps' presently came in view of the parties. The scene was a striking one in every sense. Old Scotty had fast hold of: a villianous looking - Chinaman by his pigtail, and was vigorously belaboring him with a short length of rope, while the unfortunate Celestial writhed and howled. As T came near, the old mail dropped his rOpe, and dragging his victim to the edge of the water-hole, gave him a kick which sent hiiri ; head long into the muddy liquid. The Chinaman scrambled oiib on the other bank, arid fled rip the hill, pursued by a torrent of objurgation from the irate old man, but turned at the top and yelling forth a stream of incom prehensible gibberish,? ' disappeared down the opposite slope. : ; The excite ment hiad for omce opened the flood gates of speech, arid in his anxiety fcir a sympathiser old Scotty "in disjointed phrases, spluttered oub (an explanation as to how the intruder had crime fos sicking bii his territory, and receiving all' commands and signs to depart1 with a stolid ' No sav'ee,' Had beeri forcibly?, expelled in the' ;raaririer I had wit nessed. ' The ' jabbering'" haytheri wouldna t-ak : a 1 ceevil hint;' ' s&id; the . old man, ' So '; ; I'een : gaed him a lick or twa, arid I doubt he'll np cotrie bock agin in a hurry.' I' said I quito agreed with him? but advised him to be oh; his guard? as Chinamen were very r revengeful ; bub the' old -fellow did' riot seeiri at all ajpprehensive, arid said ' He' could tak'caroofh i insel ' so ' I1 did ; not press the "iriabter.1 ; Tliis little episode: gave me "a; chance of. improving our' acquaintance?" and ' I of tori afl»r wards called 1 ; upon him,; arid one day whan lie happened -?tp have' run out; of tobacco, T cemented tourYnehd-; ship 'with' the r'wejcpme";:presenb,'of a; cake, of 'ho.rieydew?1 'Bub in : all ' (my; short' 'visits ' our 'conversation' ' was5 very1 fragmentary, but" I. gathered . eri'6'ugh ;to iuake out tbatrKe.had 'ffeeh /a'riailor,- arid1 Had ' been';??.' aU? !oyer'i;,'fche: world its' he' ' phrased" it, arid ' was' now '"'.striving ' ? to '' make ' :afl- sum' sufficie?rit;to'keep;hiiri iri'co'mforb'iri His old 'age. But (his confidence1 ?werit vho' further. 1 He' would n6p;gi ve; irie .the slightesb'idea ofriow his fbssicking -was? payirig 'hiiri,1 or how he disposed. of ' the' gold he did " riot sell? So" things' went ph'fdr some moriths, and'I was success- ful in? doing the old man ; some slight' services,' especially when' he was .orice laid up with rheumatism, and I forced; hiiri, rather grudgingly, to accept (spine little luxuries and furnished him with a1 few books and illustrated papers ;to beguile the tedium of his conSnemerit.1 When he was able to get about again, he resumed work, . and seemed glad (to see me, even greeting me with? ; a grimace which he doubtless intended for a smile of welcome. It was soon' after this that I riiade up iny mind to' try some other diggings, but before ' I left I paid a farewell visit to my queer old acquaintance. He . seemed ( as genuinely sorry as was possible for his taciturn nature, and when, we shook hands at . parting could only(inutter, brokenly, ' I'll no forget ye, laddie— I'll no forget ye—dead or alive. I'll no forget ye ; ' a peculiar mode ; of speech which I thought little" of ( at. the time, but which in'1 the light" of ('my «'PS„ T-c'igjf 'im (To be concluded.) >-"5-. 