The Storyteller. ^MPLEMORE'S herit WonlinMd from Wednufatft iuvt.) nn kPTERXIt— (Continued.) Amongst the weddlnm-guests w era Gtaoe nfrrevTsbaklng her new diamond ear rings ex i^voir at her Colonel. Blanche Waterwood and , fit efsttr Etta, in the interesting rSle of brides- 1 °':5, and the good Uencral following, with rfto'l even, and a face of serene satisfaction, 1 ' Dora ' of his old age. believing fondly !hlt nothing -o fair and sweet as Hilary's bride £d ever yet been seen in that oapacitv, and r.ti.. o.««b rntferent.lv for the blessing (fllUKIMff ? ? , . , ? ? ?bioh had oorae to his home. Lady Waterwood alone waa abient. She had „k.n cold, she wrote to Lady Sophia, and was ™iie unfit to travel. To the Admiral, when he j.-nned in to discuss the matter with her, she aid Sit there were so many things ot which fl. |o strongly disapproved,; tbe marriages ?-re so incongruous— the Dofce's age mob a tiJiculoua disparity, you knowl That Mr. TcisDlemore's doubtful and obscure origin —-by- the-my, he bad assumed tbe name ot HArtopp ud absurd pretension^-a desperate attempt to natch up the whole thing, and certainly pro cure, it «' meant that he waa to succeed his Sher-id-Iaw at MerewSlton by right ot his tout; -toe with Lilian. But all these things bad ntle Lady Waterwood prefer to stay away torn tbe weddings ; she disliked being mixed on in Euch questionable affairs ; bat then poor udv Sophia's mismaiagement was proverbial 1 she bsd allowed Blanche and Etta to act as btfesmaids; the girls had been friends all their tires, aud it would have seemed unkind to re toje;' but she was tanging to get them safe home again ; some examples were to be avoided, is. &c.; « By-the-way,' says the Admiral, whoa tbe Jowager had finished her peroration, ' I beard , queer thing this afternoon. I looked in it Blunt and Hodge's to choose a breast-pin (or bt young scamp of a nephew, who is just off to Ihe Cape in the ' Valorous,' and young Blunt ihowed me the jewellery they have prepared tor Ike Merewilton brides. Very handsome' it is. jotopn gives his daughters a thousand pounds ajimIi Rni the ndA nftrt of it is. that the iTpher has been altered since the first order ns given. N. D. was the original order, but it ins changed to N. O. only a week later— Gilbert is the Duke's family name, you know. What on earth oould be the meaning of it? Young Blunt looked knowing, but he would telljnoth ing, even if he knew.' Lady Waterwood made an errand to Blunt sad Hodge's next day, but Bhe could learn nothing, although it cost her a gold-topped smelling -bottle, in explanation of the Admiral's strange story. She remained on the rack of curiosity until the .return of Blanche and Etta (ram the wedding festivities. Bat these young ladies oould died no light upon Ihe tantalising mystery, and Lmdy Water rood, at tbe end of her patienoe, wU forced to set down the whole thing as '? a mare's nest ot that poor dear Admiral ; be really is growing old, poor man, and u no longer to be depended on.' ? CHAPTER XLI Spring came in, swcet-scented, tender-hued, in the budding lanes and purple- carpeted woods ol Girdlestone and Merewilton; bright and sparkling in the parks and crowded streets of eager, pleasure-Beeking Belgravia and Mayfair. Lilian and her husband, exchanging the gaieties ot the London season, lingered under the beeches, rosy with the waking kiss of spring, and the spreading, pink-blossomed horseohest nuts, vrhich whispered to Lilian of that spring i4J ^ Richmond, when she had first seen Hilary coming up from the river, tike a young god is his strength and beaaty, and when her mtnoaa BWMgUfcwDj mwir. »w Oiwwuu. lie spring, amongst those perfumed glades ud those green, rustling woods, had athonsand voices for the young married lovers, a peculiar brightness and sweetness for the General ; they would oot for words have wasted it in the great rildenw ot brick and mortar, which had ao often before held tbem impfroned at this time. It was a very brilliant season that year ; the Queen held the first drawing-room in person ; there was a Boyal marriage, and a euooesion ot Court fetes. Aid tbe Court Journal was elo quent in praise of the new Duchess; extolled her beaaty and her diamonds, and described the success ot her *' exquisite' toilettes at every Court ball and fashionable fete. The young Duchess was the star of the season. Artists painted her portrait, poets dedicated their words to her. countesses copied ber coiffura, all tbe great world fought, and flattered, and straggled for cards for her enter tainments. Nora reigned like a queen over society, whilst her husband looked on praudlycon tent, and the echo of hertriumpbs floated down to Girdlestone, and vibrated across the oceans to the distant consulate, where Charlie Dundee, grown prematurely grave and strangely bitter, wa^anatbematisingthe fickle woman's treachery, which was costing him his youth, and some thing better still, his faith. Ohwlie, open hearted and gweet- natured of old, was fast settling into a cynical misogamist. It was a pit;, but, then, how was it to be helped ? Such an experience as his generally tarns either men's blood or their brains, and it is well when the poison throws Itself off in a little harmless tilling against the sex the traitress represents, oi against the irresponsible Fate, instead of con centrating itself in fever or fnry. There might yet, in the puissant and ever-healing future, come a time when Charlie, having thus cast out the venom, drop by drop, would find his blood cool and pure, and his yon tb renewed again in faith and hope. Even then a change was coming for him; the laden atmosphere w« being lifted, aod the san preparing to shine through. It was at the Countess of Moretown's after noon party that Charlie was avenged, and that 'ftdy Waterwood achieved a little triumph, which almost compensated her (or the mortifi cation and disappointments of the last cam paign.; Lady Moretown had gathered together all the attractions of the season ; the native African Princes in costume, the Bajah of Gattelpore, with bis emerald and ruby breastplate, of which all tbe world was talking. She had even by v«fy special favour, secured his Higbness's Pnvate band, a oirole ot tarbaned and extremely 'ghtly clad natives, apparently made of old parchment, who, squatting on the floor of ber Jaayship's drawing-room, delighted the aadienoe by a singularly monotonous performance npon a variety ot unknown instruments, and smiled each other with serene superiority at the Stand solo of Bignora Bianohi, the new Italian Prima dotiita . A .princess— of tbe second degree— had even Undescended to smile for tea whole minutes upon the reunion, had eaten an foe, and fingered a Peach in the refreshment-room, end tbe affair *ould have been oonsldered an overwhelming 6a ccass by the exulbuit Countess, only that tbe °ay wore on, the crowds thinned so visibly that the stair-cose became even passable, the Gattel pore musioians had shouldered their instruments, ?ja made their salaam ; gnat ladies looked at the door, and thought ot the park, aod of the 'ameb lily who was expected tbere, and still new Duchess had not arrived, and the ujuntess, looked anxious and vexed. ?-, wo?14 ** too provoking if her party missed a seal of that presenoe, without which no union could be considered— whatever might J-e its other attractions— to have taken tbe '' 'J1661 and most exolwdve tank, i '' lust when Ihe Countess's annoyance 3Jjue plainly visible, that tbe crowd nearest door vibrated softly with that low murmur, e tbe whisper of the softest summer breeze 'or a garden of roses, which Is all the demon t?~»0D a,*B'-b»ed throng permits itself i Lady j ffetowns connlenanoe reooverod its suave dignity, and the Duchess ot Towneleysnus ^nounoed from station to statidn along the 'w of liveried flunkies. tm *rPt k; 'Plendld and graolous, iispena 'mm side to aide, as aha moved ^^Bokwof you, r j.. ilnf Prlvr.' oar mated X*uy Moretown, as ahe pressed her guaU's hand. And tbe Hajab motioned bis : turban sd slaves to delay their departure. Some arrival ot apeoial distinction, ana ot superlative beauty, Ms Highness perceived, had taken plaoe, and tat s men Arnold wait to do honour to it. The tom-tom sounded once more, the crowd Bulged bask from entrance-hall and staircase, and rallied round the Duohees brlde. This was one of the triumphs for which Nora had paid so oostly a prioe; tbe world of fashion was at her feet ; she had all tor whloh ahe had bargained; WaAitwnDOgh? Shfc thoughtlt was, as ahs looked round upon her oourt, and weighed the homage and glory of this kingdom against the petty rule of the con sulate. It was just one of those moments when the pulse of gratified pride and vanity was beat ing so nign as w- arown au oiner voices— oi regret, ot conscience, ot higher, holier aspira tion. The Duchess had not been the latest arrival on that day. The voices of the attendants broke through that privileged circle whloh surrounded her, to hentd the later advent of ' Lady Waterwood, and Miss Waterwood.' Tbe dorfager came in soft and velvety, ' with her claws sheathed,' as Nora had been wont to say ot her in the old days, when Lady Waterwood's teline ' pats' were apt to precede a more painful experience. . ' Dear Lady Moretown, what a brilliant gathering 1 I would not have missed it for the world. Blanche and I were detained at Lady Ashborough's. She had just received the most startling news ? Ah 3 Nora, my love, I did not see you before. How wdl you are looking I Thistwwe of-poor dear Lady Ashboroag's will interest you— tainily connections, and so on. Lord Eenmore is dud ; rather suddenly, as it sounds, but LaBy Aahborongh says he has been failing ever since his great loss, and Lady Ken moreihas a daughter.1' Lafty Waterwood dropped her voice here to a confidential, supplementary whisper, in reply to whieh Lady Moretown shook her head and looked wise. And Nora? The brightness and splendour ot that glittering assembly waned before her eves ; its murmur surged like an angry sea in h'er ears; the brilliant complexion which many a pale girl had envied a minute before, faded to the waxen, siokly pallor of k laded jonquil bloom. Somebody cried out tbat the Duchess had fainted ; the heat of the room had over powered her, the sultry atmosphere of an im pending storm was really too mucn ui inai crowd, too. Adosen fans fluttered about her, a dozen soent-bottles were offered to those nearest to her. But she put them all back, and struggled to her feet with a supreme effort of self- oontrol, She caagbt Lady Waterwood's glance, curious, searching, and, she thought, with a lurking triumph in its regard, and she knew that if she yielded to weakness all wonld be lost. ' Pardon me,' she said to .Lady Moretown. grasping the truth boldly, ' bnt 1 am a good deal overcome. This news concerns a near relative ot my own— and it is very warm. Will some one have the goodness to ask for my car riage? Thanks, Colonel St. Ledger. Adieu, Lady Moretown ; I am so grieved.' And then die accepted Lord Moretown's arm, and made her way through tbe crowd, pale, but erect. 'Tbe sweet Duchess: she had bo much feeling,' was whispered from mouth to mouth. as the party broke up. Only Lady Waterwood made a very different comment. ' - N. D.,' ' said that Lady, complacently ; ?that confirms the Admiral's story of the cypher. Miss Nora has outwitted herself, it seems. Well, I could pity the Duke ; but, then, men are so blind, and we must all reap as we have sowed,' concluded the dowager, piously. It was one of the penalties of Nora'6 state tbat ebe had neither leisure nor privacy. She went home and dressed for a grand dinner at the house of a Minister of State, and sat through the long, interminable ceremony with an un moved countenance, although the singularly disastrous fate ot the Eenmore family was dis cussed in a dozen different ways aronud her. Only the first shook had power to unnerve her; after that she oould bear the torture without flinching. Charlie's good fortnne bis quick return, the wonderful chanbe that had £&ved; his inheri tense, were all bandied about (ntfsmfii to mouth, and Kara had to take her part with unruffled composure. In the freemasonry of that class gathering, everyone knew tbe exact measure of relationship between the Duohess's family and that ot the new peer, and Mora was appealed to as likely to be an authority on his probable movements. ' Lord Ken more would come home at once, of course. Would he wait for Govenment to send oot his successor? Probably he would give in bis resignation, and follow without delay. Matters at home must need his pre senoe,' &0-, Ac. Yes, he would come — here into her very circle 1 She would have to meet him -at every turn, and she had hoped never to see him again in this world. It was a ghastly shadow over the triumph, this ghost of a murdered joy, wbioh was henceforth to stalk after her through every soene ot the brilliant lite ahe had planned out ior her future. Was this the Nemesis which, she had read, so surely tracked the foot steps of wrong-doing 1 She went home, depressed and weary ; all the glow ot the day's animation faded oat ot her worn, harassed countenanoe ; and on the thres hold of her own door, a summons met her— one ot those dread messages, with death in their careful wording, which we have all learned to dread. . It was from Hilary I ' Merewilton, ' June 31. 6 p.m. ' Mr. Hartopp has had an attack more serious than any preoeeding one. Come at once— by special train, if no other is available. Sir Audley Porter has been sent for.' Nora wastoased in a moment. ' I will be ready in ten minutes,' said she, as she handed tbe telegram to her husband. ' Let the carriage wait.' 'Poor fellow 1' said tbe Duke, shaking bis head over the summons. ' It is all up with bim, I should say. It has been coming for a long time past, A clever fellow, but a little shitty, perhaps. Nora will feel it.' It waa like a nightmare, that rapid journey through the dark, sleeping country, with glimpses here and there of dimly-lighted stations, past whieh they flew with a hoarse cry, which would, at each repetition, startle Nora out of the silent, fear-haunted reverie into which she had sunk. The first experience ot death, with Its mysterous horror— its shrinking repugnance — was wrapping ber round and shut ting her oat In its supreme reality, from all the transient glories Mid petty vanities of fife— of such a lite as hers. The dread messenger had bis mission to Nora as well as to her father, and he read his solemn lesson' to her heart in tbe silent terrible hours of tbat endless night. The Merewilton carriage was in waiting at tbe station ; but the men' had no newer intelligence to give: their master lay between life and death ; they ooold not tell to which side tbe pendulum most vibrated. Bit Audley Porter's carriage drove swiftly out of the great gates as the Duke and Duchess ap proached tbem, in the oalm, pearly dawn ol the summer's morning. , . , „ The great Dootoreheoked the speed of botb carriages by a sign. The Duke sprang out lo rooct Mm, -? It is all over.' [That terrible verdict whloh cats os away from the iheet-anohor, Hope I] 'Her Graoe is too late. I am profoundly grieved |' Nora, leaning oat, with attained senses, heard the words, borne book npon the sweet, morning air, and wondered, with that vague, unrealis ing wonder which oomss to as fit those first stunned moments before suffering begins, luiw Death could ootne into that sweet, morning world, palpitating wltb waking life Instinct witb breath ana motion. Hilary met them at tbe door. Lilian and Lady Sophia were together, exhausted by tbe1 suspense «nd suffering 6f the night ; for tbe end bad oome in a Very terrible form— Nora understood how terrible «s ahe stood looking down at the poordead face, and remembering, In ? rash of agonised feeling, bow muoh there was In her knowledge -of the past to rob that death aoene of every ray of hope and oomtort. Etomle spoke of the Daaheas'e grief (or her taUnni lou with awe and woodar. Those who. knew ber bait were astonished at 4t« intensity t Maoom nn hNMU Jmtv «f tb* ?ton'' 'T ' i',^ 1 .i'.ii-frVMi. ot terror and remorse by whieh It was aggra vated. Suffering has its fruit. Perhaps oat ot the travail-throes ot that (ear and pain, there might be born a germ of purer, higher life, to redeem, in some sort, tbe erring past. Three years have passed, and the scenes amongst wbioh we have been lingering have shifted like a kaleidoscope. Lord Newtown is married, and, by some mys terious fusion of the laws ot attraotion and re Kulslon, to Blanche Waterwood. Nobody knows ow ft came about, and least of all the visoount himself; but he is perfectly resigned to his fate, for Blanohe Is an amiable, sensible girl. Her mother had dane her the injustice of trying too hard to marry her; once that disability was removed, Blanohe came out in her true colours, and they are very creditable colours. Etta Waterwood is engaged to ' a squire of high degree ' and affluent circumstances ; and Lady Waterwood, her mind at ease on tbe issues which have troubled it so long, bids fair to become almost a benevolent member of society. Lord Eenmore has spent the time since his accession to the earldom, with brief intervals, on the Continent. There is, however, a rumour, and a well-authenticated one, that he is on the point ot settling down to his duties and respon sibilites, and that the charm which has lured him back to England and home is the fair face and innocent, true heart of a little English daisy — a guideless maiden, unspoilt by the world, in whom there is nothing to remind him of that other type ot womanhood which he is bound to consider the embodiment of false hood and treachery. Merewilton hoe been shut up sinoe Mr. Har topp's death. Lady Sophia is domesticated at Girdlestone, where the circle is further increased by a sturdy young Philip Hervey Hartopp, about Wendham finds himself dabbed— are of one opinion ; viz., that he is tbe most wonderful delightful, andjprecooiously-intellectual child in the world I There is an heir, too, in the ducal mansion ot Towneley — a beautiful boy, with solemn, dark eyes, whom his mother loves with a deep, passionate devotion. The Duohess is as beau tiful as ever, and takes her place in society with as much grace ; but there is a change— people eay it is since the birth of her boy ; she is softer ana more sympaineuc, ana mere nas come into her eyes a solemn depth, as if a soul were brooding within, which no one remembers to have seen there in the earlier days, before the child had brought to her the holy. Heaven - taught lesson of Love. [ths end] 