VANITY FAIR. By J.M.D. LONDON, Nov. 30. What promised to be an exceedingly prolific lawsuit has just been settled by arrangement, almost before it commenced. A well known man about town named Seaton, who has promoted and managed various short-lived clubs, the Field Club among them, sued the executors of the late George A. Baird for £15,000, balance of a sum alleged to be owing to Seaton when "Our Abingdon" died in New Orleans. Mrs. Langtry was in the vicinity of the court when the case was called, and seemed very well pleased by the news that it had been settled. All the sensational counsel of the day were retained. Mrs. Langtry had been named as a probable witness. Her cross-examination would have dispelled the gloom of a London December. The most absurd versions of this abortive lawsuit are afloat, It is said that Baird on one occasion made a present of £10,000 in money, securities, or jewels, to a friend by way of atonement for having violently beaten the friend in question. Subsequently, repenting of his lavish generosity, Baird consulted Seaton, a man of infinite nerve and resource, and finally bargained with him to give him half the amount which he might be able to recover from the recipient of the £10,000. Seaton, according to the romance, actually managed to get back the whole of the money or the securities, and handed it to Baird, who gave him £5,000 on account. Before the balance was paid Baird died. Therefore Seaton came down on the executors. The whole story is of course an invention. What is certain is that somebody has money to satisfy the plaintiff. Another great case in the Divorce Court has just been concluded in a fashion worthy of the millionaire. The Queen's Proctor intervened to upset the divorce granted some months ago to Miss Edith Chester, an actress, late wife of Hnlli well Carew. The Queen's Proctor alleged connivance, collusion, and so on. All ended delightfully. Even the villain," the Queen's Proctor, repented at the last, withdrew everything, and was forgiven by the judge, the emotional special jury, and the public Halliwell Carew, I fancy, I have described before at the time of the divorce and the assault which he committed on Brandon Thomas. A few years ago Carew succeeded to an income of £7,000 a year. He has done some big game shooting in Africa. In 1887 he married Miss Edith Chester," a pretty and amiable actress, daughter of Mr. Gellibrand, formerly Advocate- General at Madras. Carew became one of the leading spirits of the Lyric Club, he was not suited for domestic and married life and quarrels early took place between him and his wife. Her friends, that is to say everybody, bring against Carew the now customary charges in such cases. that is admitted on all sides is that a Mrs. Seymour intervened early to cause strife. She bears a curious resemblance to Miss Edith Chester, an accident often utilised on the stage. Whether Carew adored Miss Chester because she was like Mrs. Seymour, or Mrs. Seymour because she was like Miss Chester is not clear. They are both golden- haired, and both wear innocent and winning smiles. The Queen's Proctor averred that from the very day the divorce was granted Mr. and Mrs. Carew continued on the most friendly terms, dined together, and otherwise ignored the legal proceedings. Some witnesses spoke to their dining together, but here Mrs, Carew's strange like- ness to Mrs. Seymour comes in. It is held that Carew and his friends dined with Mrs. Seymour, not with Miss Chester, on these occasions. A really original character, an old Irish Roman Catholic cook, who implored Miss Chester to take her late husband back because the Church abhorred divorce, gave evidence. The whole proceedings in this case tended to the greater glory of the stage. An officer of the Life Guards named Ellison went into the witness-box to demonstrate that he had had the honour of Miss Edith Chester's acquaintance, and offered his theory of this important case with great unction. Lady James Douglas, widow of one of the Marquis of Queensbury uncles, volunteered her opinion also, in order to put on record the fact that Miss Chester had stayed with her in Scotland. Mrs. Seymour is supposed to have carried Caicvv off somewhere to marry him by force. She is a sort of South Kensington adventuress of the better sort. The Queen's Proctor filled up the cup of his iniquities by finally brimming a charge of misconduct against Miss Edith Chester herself after the decree was granted. A Thames house boat called Yc Marys was brought on the scene, and two servants came forward to swear that they had seen Miss Edith Chester and knew character, Mr. Loftus Earle, sitting close to each other on terms of theatrical friendship. This was too much for the judge and the special jury. They restrained themselves sufficiently to allow Miss Edith Chester to enter the witness-box to bewitch the whole Court, counsel solicitors, and reporters included, and to deny everything. Then Mr. Justice Barnes and the special jury simply looked at Montagu Crackenthorpe, who was for the Queen's Proctor, as much as to ask whether he wasn't ashamed of himself? Montagu Crackenthorpe was ashamed of himself, and at once withdrew all his charges in the handsomest manner. They say that Edith Chester's idea is to get married again. Loftus Earle, by the way, figured in the Clancarty divorce case. It was he who indignantly denounced "Mary" Wood for mentioning at the Lyric bar that he and Lord Dunlo had tossed a coin, heads or tails for the right to marry Míbb Bilton-a much more sensible plan, of course, than fighting a duel about her. The attempt of Miss Jenny Mighell to sue the Sultan of Johore, which I wrote about in September, was finally frustrated on appeal by the Master of the Rolls, who decided that the Sultan was an independent sovereign, and therefore absolutely exempt from breach of promise actions. It appears that any king might come over to this country, get drunk, assault the police, and address a meeting of the unemployed in Trafalgar-square (without asking leave of Mr Asquith), yet no power known to our courts could punish His Majesty. The really novel and interesting point about the Abu Ballar case was the common- sense action of Mr. Justice Wright in its early stage. He appealed to the Foreign Office for information about the Sultan's real status. In the old days of legal circum- location " a special commission " would probably have been sent out to Johore to examine all the Sultan's relations, wives, and Ministers of State, and to hunt up and translate documents at a cost of £10,000. The judges were rather proud of Mr. Justice Wright's method of disposing of the matter so expeditiously and cheaply and legal precedent of some importance has undoubtedly been created. Of course the case for Abu Baker's " independence" is really stronger than it appeared from the Secretary of State's letter. The Queen herself created him an Independent Sultan some- where about the year 1880. Originally Abu Bakar had held a rank at the court of the old Johore dynasty corresponding to the Mayor of the Palace in early French history. His odd title at that time was "TheTumugun." The legitimate monarch of Johore having been slain, or otherwise got out of the way, Abu Bakar became Rajah of Johore. In 1838 he visited this country, and there is an official legend to the effect that when the Queen and Prince Albert were entertaining him at luncheon Her Majesty, by a son of the tongue, addressed her guest as "Maharaja." The Colonial Secretary of the day felt compelled to make good the error, and the " Royal " was sent home a "Maharaja." The Master of the Rolls seems not to have known that Abu Bakar does actually maintain an ambassador or agent at the Court of St. James's in the person of General "Billy" Fielding. When Abu Bakar came over here in 1885 to try to get himself made a Sultan-a promotion which our Government was quite willing to bestow on him freely and without price-he spent thousands of pounds, after the manner of Orientals, in conciliating London society, entertaining everybody, which was all money thrown away. Some faint sensation has been caused here by the circumstantial report of Madeline Smith's death in Australia, coupled with details of the miscellaneous husbands she had there. The manufacture of timely falsehoods of this kind by local reporters is a good sign ; it evidences the growth of civilisation and enterprise. The United States have long been ahead of other nations in the publication of untrue paragraphs about eminent persons hailing from a great distance. Scarce a town of any importance in America but had a descendent of Shakspeare, a grandson of Dickens, a cousin of Alfred Tennyson living, generally in poverty, there. I always expected that Madeline Smith would die most frequently in California, where the mammoth liners are found; Texas was also a likely place for her decease. It is now about time that Madeline should die every six months or so for she must be growing an old woman. For some years after her trial she generally married a clergyman of the Church of England ; now and then an officer in the army, highly connected. Of late doctors of medicine seemed to be the favourites. A few months ago I mentioned what was told to me by a Glasgow man here editor of a London daily that he had frequently seen and, spoken to Madeline Smith during the year 1891 at the Democratic Club, in Chancery-lane, where she acted as manageress of the refreshment bar. I dare say it was all a myth. Sir Richard Webster and Sir Charles Russell have been made K.C.M.G, for their services in Behring Sea arbitration. I hear that Sir John Thompson, the Canadian arbitrator, is to be made a Privy Councillor. When the Government came to inquire what could be done for Lord Hampden they found that he had already got all the decorations and dignities possible, so they could only give the dear old man their thanks, Since Lord Ebury'a death, Earl Grey,' at the age of 21, is the senior member of the Privy Council. He was Under- Secretary for the Colonies in 1831. Sir West Ridgeway was exceedingly angry at being removed from Dublin to the Isle of Man. It is since officially denied that there was any soreness between him and the Government. But, as a matter of fact, Sir West did protest vigorously. In the first place Dublin in, all round, a pleasanter place to live in than the Isle of Man. Unless one is a bit of a recluse or a student, fond of historical ancestors, writing books, and that sort of thing, the Isle of Mania a dull resi- dence. Besides, West Ridgeway is passionately fond of hunting. He only keeps in good health by being constantly in the saddle, and will miss the Ward Union and the Meath Hounds terribly. The Marquis of Breadalbane has just been made K.G. He is a tremendous Radical and a faithful supporter of Gladstone, who indeed created him an earl and marquis in 1885. No doubt your readers remember the story of the extinction of the original marquisate in 1892, and of the rival claims' by Favin Campbell, of Glenfalloch, and by Charles Campbell, of Borland, to the earldom and other titles. Campbell, of Glenfalloch, got the best of the litigation in the House of Lords. After his death Gladstone made the son a baron in 1873. The present Marchioness of Breadalbane is a daughter of the racing Duchess of Montrose, and is the best and prettiest of the Graham ladies. Born on the day the battle of the Alma was fought she was rashly christened Alma, her thoughtless parents forgetting that in the course of years the date of the battle would give a key to the lady's age. The Marchioness of Breadalbane is a Gladstonian saloon keeper, and a great Radical also ; as for titles, she declares that for her part she would prefer to be plain " Mrs. Gamble." Another marquis obtained this week quite another distinction-that of being sued in the County Court for a paltry debt-the judge making out an order for his lordship's committal to Holloway for contempt in refusing to pay the judgment. This order is apparently illegal, because the debtor, the Marquis of Donegal, sits in the House of Lords as an English peer under title of Lord Fisherwick. The broken, half-paralysed old man of 70, who just escaped Holloway gaol by his privilege as a peer, is legally and technically owner of nearly the whole city of Belfast. Of course the vast estate which he technically inherited in 1889 has been sequestrated for years and years, and Lord Donegal has three un- annulled bankruptcies recorded against him. In the year 1815 George Chichester, as he then was managed to thoroughly ruin himself at the age of 23, by winning the Derby with an inferior colt owned by himself and two brother ensigns in his regiment, the 6th Foot. There was a scrimmage and collision at Tottenham Corner ; the best placed horses tell and were kicked, or something of the sort ; the youngsters' colt won. As a result of this fluke George Chichester imagined that it was his destiny to win the Derby annually for ever and for ever. Before he was thirty he had pawned all his " expectations " to the Jews twice over, and had become even in the less strait- laced times of forty years ago, notorious in English and Irish society for extravagance, profligacy, gambling, debts, and scrapes. He was wonderfully handsome and attractive. Men of this sort often marry women as worthless as themselves, who bully them. The present Marchioness of Donegal is an exception to the rule, His uncle and his father, his immediate predecessors in the title, both lived to be over 90. Mr. Labouchere has given a Bet performance this week in the Commons, his theme, " The War in Matabeleland." The immediate occasion was a supplementary statement from Sydney Buxton, at the end of the night's sitting called forth by Labby's assertion that during the first debate on the war, three weeks ago, British officers encouraged Mashonas to run about strang- ling wounded Matabele. This lively idea suddenly occured to Labby while he was on his legs, and he of course solemnly impressed it on the house. The worst of Labby's diseased jokes is that they get formally reported in black and white, and are circulated all over the world as spoken in Parliamentary debate. The Chartered Company took the trouble to seriously inquire whether their officers had encouraged the assassination of the wounded and then sent an indignant denial of the charge to Lord Ripon. Of course Ministers, in face of such a charge as Labby's, were compelled to put themselves right with military opinion. That Buxton did in a half- hearted sort of way, reading the denial from the Chartered Company to the House. Sir James Ferguson, for the Opposition, declared that the charge was a scandalous, one. Labby, finding himself in a corner, then lost his temper, spluttered, became abusive, and was laughed at. Labby is rather to be pitied in this matter, nia interest in the Matabele or in the Chartered Company is largely due to his hatred of the Duke of Fife and the Duke of Abercorn. Now for a year or so past Labby has been gloating over the idea-shared also in high officials quar- ters that the Chartered Company was literally ruined, that Rhodes would inevitably lose his million, and the Dukes of Fife and Abercorn their heavy in- vestments, in addition to credit and reputation. It actually turns out that Rhodes has been far too clever for his enemies. He has ample funds to go on with he has taken all precautions and made himself safe in every possible direction ; has ignored the Boers ; has squared the Portuguese, and the Mozambique Company. Hence Labby is said with mortification and disappointment just at present. Labby's mind long ago became so distorted that he can believe no story until it is proved to be false. The only part of the Pigott history which Lobby fully believes in it that Lord Salisbury, Sir Richard Webster, and Mr. Matthews sent Inspector Jarvis of Scotland-yard to Colorado to procure The Times evidence from some invincible gentleman who was living there. For circulating this story Labby had! to pay Jarvis £100 ; still he believes that Jarvis was sent. LONDON, Dec. 7. Mr. Gladstone's valet, who has been 23 years in his service, is reported to- night to have mysteriously disappeared ; he bore the odd name of Zadok Outrain. Although the most watchful and diligent of servants, he was an extremely reserved and unsympathetic man The cow which butted the Premier in Hawarden park about a couple of years ago was the private property of Outram he never quite recovered the shock caused by the creature s impiety When the late W K Forster was on the point of retiring from the Gladstone Ministry in 1882, he called one day at Gladstone s, and-Outram being out of the way-was shown by a footman into the sittingroom Forster was one of the few men whose North Country voice somewhat; resembled Gladstone's Lancashire " burr After a while Outram, thinking his master was inside, knocked at the door Forster waited for a little time, then asked in a low tone, " Who knocked just now ' "I'm not certain sir, Outram replied "I under stand it was the gentleman you told me you particularly did want to see, the Right Hon Mr Forster The Rev Harry Drew, Mr Gladstone's son in law, is going to Cape Colony in January to take temporary charge of a parish near Cape Town This also causes uneasiness in certain quarters The ostensible excuse is the rev gentleman's weak lungs, but Cecil Rhodes may be at the bottom of it all He may, it is feared, want to get possession of Mr Drew, either to hold him for ransom, as a sort of hostage, or in order to hypnotise him, and convert him to the Rhodes policy When Schnadhorst stopped at the Cape, on his way to Australia Rhodes completely permeated the veteran organiser, and indeed twisted him round his fingers " Labby and the next Rhodes party here forget how deep (laid and widely spread is Rhodes's influence " Labby consoles himself by putting about in the House a new name for Rhodes " Cecilius Maximus ' Downing street is at present rather ludic rously afraid of the Cape Premier Poor old Lord Ripon is in no humour to try a fall with him, and Mr Buxton although a hard working, conscientious, and most gentlewoman man, is thoroughly cowed by Rhodes's masterful proceedings Apparently women do not die so readily of influenza and slight fashionable maladies as men Truth gives a table showing that there are 19 dow agor duchesses in existence at this moment There are really 20 Here is a chance for enterprising young Australians The fifth Duke of Leinster has just died of typhoid at Carton, his great palace in County Kildare, near Maynooth A few weeks ago the Duke-one of the Peels, a cousin of the Speaker-and another man whose name I forget, were staying together at the same house in Dublin These men have since died of typhoid That malady has been quite a plague in Dublin this autumn The explanation is that the water supply from the Vartry works has failed owing to the dry summer The late Duke of Leinster was a mild dispositioned nobleman, always over weighted by the beauty and general gorgeous ness of his Duchess the eldest of the Duncombe beauties She has been painted, photographed, and described over and over again The Duke, since he came to the title in 1887, lived almost entirely at Carton In early life he attempted to be an Irish Whig It is not given to mortal man to succeed in that attempt The inevitable political cleavage, due to simple pressure, ultimately made him a Unionist although not an aggressive one The new duke 18 only six years old The nominal family income from 72,000 acres of land in Kildare and Meath is £50 000 a year Actually the late duke was not well off as dukes go The Earl of Warwick has just died at the age of 75 His ideas, opinions, and manner of life belonged to quite another century Up to 1883 he sat in the House of Commons as a protectionist, and on that question as well as most others remained unaffected by the modern spirit, more resembling an old crusader than a man of our time Warwick Castle, the great show place on the river near Leamington, is the white elephant of the family The terrible expense of keeping it up embarrassed the late Earl, and always made him a poor man He lived among his books armour, and collection of Shakespearian literature and relics, maintain- ing patriarchal relations with his tenantry, which in the Midlands means in these days that they paid very little rent Lord Brooke, husband of Lady Brooke now becomes an Paris The new Countess of Warwick is of a truth a popular celebrity her new title will not make any difference in her friendship with the Prince of Wales, which continues as cordial as ever Lately Lady Brooke has been studying ghosts and spirits with Mr stead She communicated a spirit letter to him without the aid of the Post office a short while back, I don't know why probably to get an advertisement The passion for cheap notoriety and advertisement affects the most unlikely people Cardinal Vaughan is not free from it. He is a very handsome man, and very conspicuous in drawingrooms by reason of his red stockings and shoes At a reception where I was the other night, a lady called my attention to the fact, that even the soles of the Cardinal's shoes were read also , "and, added she I must tell you that he has two pair of stockings on another pair under the red ones I my self could never have found that out Stead has brought outacharacteristicChnst mas number of the Review of Reviews, a story designed to boom his scheme for a new London daily paper he himself figures in this story as the hero "Jabez Sterling, haughtily ignoring the coincidence that the Liberator swindler Balfour was also named Jabez? The wretched artist illustrator had evidently been ordered to give a faithful likeness throughout and actually has reproduced Stead s wandering expression of eye very literally Lady Henry Somerset, of course is one of the characters in this story Stead is either in America already or going there shortly He has a restless gipsy strain in his composition I fancy he does not in tend to come back here If the Yankees accept him at all he will probably settle among them, take up with some female prophetess or reformer probably an advance negress and go about the States with her lecturing on the Unfathomable and the ineffable Very likely the pair will take to working miracles It is a little odd that Stead has not yet announced that he possesses the gift of raising the dead As for his new daily paper it will appear when all the other London newspapers are discontinued not till then He has never been quite the same man since his trip to Rome Leo XIII s harsh refusal to toss with him heads or tails to find out which should enjoy spiritual dominion over the whole English speaking race broke Stead s heart The meeting of the Jowett Memorial Committee this week brought together many men of fame and mark the committee hope to raise £20,000 for Balliol endowments, and " the Master is to have a portrait or statue Watts, the li A , said he could not paint Jowett's portrait because Jowett had no bones He had no features either, so that the sculptor will have a trying task Lord Salisbury took part in the meeting although he detested Jowett a man in Lord Salisbury's opinion who was all that a Master of Balliol ought not to be The whole affair was of course the very apotheosis of cultured log rolling and pose None of Jowett's college contemporaries were on the platform, but it has been discovered that one was actually present had away in the gallery, a poor shabby, old man known as Hang Theology Rogers rector of a parish in the city for the last 20 years Rogers had been mainly engaged on educational work in the city proper and has succeeded in diverting the endowments of sundry disused or empty churches there to school purposes Once a great while ago somebody asked Rogers how he meant to provide in one of his schemes for teaching theology OF being theology said Rogers The 6¡tai(/maand the Church Junee have harped on this saving fore quarter of a century and in consequence no Government or church patron has ever given 1 ogers anything John Walter of The Times, is about the only man of importance who has ever defended the poor old city parson He promised life of the ill fated Duke of Clarence and Avondale has appeared Of course the materials we crescent enough The compiler or editor is James 1 Imund Vincent, of Jht J time a. remarkably handsome and romantic looking young Welshman He has described as special commissioner for the Times many of the great labour fights of recent years the Dock Strike of 1889, ka besides doing for that paper special articles on Welsh politics and church questions He holds some lay office, or dignity, in one of the West of 1 England dioceses and wrote in the Plea for Liberty a paper on "the Discontent of the WA Working Classes which contains a flattering appreciation of John Burns to this latter fact he perhaps owes his commission to write the life others caused Prince One passage in the life is rather disquieting It gives a few lines of verse written by the Princess of Wales for her children on their fathers birthday therein 'dawning' is made to rhyme with morning Doubtless this estate fishes a precedent, since the Queen's English is a royal apuanage I don't quite know how one could object it a future poet wrote that he was awning in the morning. 