I: :' .LuSWiik \Vesleya. u , Church. a SERMON ON CANDLES. s The labove church was packed to its IUImOst caipacity ()i uindlay everling SIn-t. the attract.ilon being that tie Riev. t A. Powell was to deliver a sermon oni candles for the benefit of the young'g folks On a iable directly oppohitc the c pulpit was placed sole 50 candles of various si?es and colours, and tl tthese C the rev. genltlemlan mIladle refturelle ill -e\eruul ways. Taking his text from Matliew, 5th chliai. 15thi and IGth verses: "Neither do nitI light a candle, and put it under ;La Iushll, but on a camuilcatick : and it t g~ivet light iinto ll that are in the I hi-use. Let your light so shine before mlen, that they mlay see your good 5 works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven," Mr. Powell said : " What are tlhese ? 'Candles. What are tliy imadle for ?'To give light. Yes, 1lw .VJesuls said to Ihe lpeotpl ' Let your light so sliine before men.' God intends I every Christian to be like a canidle in the worldli e to give light. The boys and i the girls can give a little light like these little chaps, (tapers) and the iien and the women ran give a bigger light, just like his father and niother (the two big candles.) Now what light can you boys anil girls gi\e in the -wold 2 . .I'! tell $'ot.. You cai slhow by your actions and words what there is in the religion of Jesus. You can show for instance that it makes pople loving. happy, peaceful, long suffering, geuntle, good, faithful, uncek and tenmplerate. That is how you can let your light shine. There are some peoplle in the world who don't believe that there are all these good things in religioni, and you can show theim by your life that there are, religion it. es all these good things for men. If we were to turn out the gas and every body would keep perfectly still, not a sound, and the whole place in darkness, by and bye a blackfellow conies up, opens the door and walks in. Every thing is dark, and lie thinks there is no ione. about, the linace quite empty. Sud denl3 an eletric spark set fire to the gas and which flood:s the place with light wouldn't that blacklellow be astonished to see all tliese iice looking young folks on the platform. Well niw there are sol: people living in darkness in re li;ions matters. They are like that blaclkfellow i the darkness in the church, can't see anything until the light reveals to lint the beauties of the place and the number of the people. Now boys and girls, God wants you to blie lights in the world, to show to these people who are in the darkness, the beauty and good ness of the religion of Jesus. Ask then, 1\. What does God want us all to be ? Lights. 2. How do we let the light of our religion shine? By being loving, joyful, peaceful and long suffering. What are these candles made out of? Tallow and fats of various kinds. What state was the fat in. What was it like before it was malde into candles. Did it look nice, smell nice ? Oh no, soime of it was nasty stuff, it looked nastly and it smell nasty. Oh you'd have to hold your nose--phllew-ityo doubt it go to a candle factory. But all that'nasty Sstuff has been cleansed, purified, mestled, in a word it has been converted into these beautiful canldles. Ask, ' what has to be done to the fat before it is miade into candles ?' Cleansed, purified, converted, and so it is with us before we can be lights in the world we rmust he cleansed and purified, and that is what the religion of Jesus does for us. It cleanses, purifies and mnalces us nice I looking, good and useful, just as those candles are nice looking, good and use 1 ful. It does not matter very much how bad the fat smells, or how nasty it looks, t the cleansing process takes away all the nastiness, and those nice looking candles are produced, so it doesn't matter show r nasty or how bad a man may be, when he is converted the nastness and badness are iemnoved, and he is made 'whiter than snow.' How is the tallow purified before it is made into candles ? By fire. And how are you and I purified front sin 7 By the blood of Jesus. Does that- blood of Jesus take away all our sin? Yes, the blood of Jesus Christ, His son, cleanseth us. from all sin 'Though your sins be as scarlet, &c.;, tthey shall be whiter than show.' ' Lord Jesus, let nothing unholy remain, Apply thine own blood and extract every stain; r To get this blest cleansing, I, all things fore go, Now wash me and I shall he whiter than snow.' .1 " Are all' these candles the same size ? No. There are some big and'some little, seomi red, blue, green, yellow chlrystal and white. But .are they all uleful ? Yes. We can all undeorstand ? oir thie big fellows would bhe useful, but are thce little chaps useful ? Of cours, they are. And so there are big aind little Christians. No one doubts that these grown up ladies and gentlemnan t can be useful Christians, and so can you, Sboys andil girls, young men and young: Swoman, be useful Christians. What can aboys and girls do? I know of some \- children who were the means of the con Sversion of their father and mother. I've read of a little girl who lwas the mneans of the conversion of a gentleman travel ling in tihe same coachl. What can boys and girls do ? They can pray for parents and friends. They can ask for Sfamily prayers, talk to companions and I invite them come to Sunday School. to I Churclh. What canu boys aiud girls do ? Look lhere, what can that taper do ? It cannot only shine its?elf, but it can set others alight. Now, friends, let us not be content to shine ourselves, but try Iand set others alight. Whlat can boys and girls do, old and young? Tihey can show a good exanplce, anid thi:t is very often the nmeans of uringing others to Christ. A gentleman says, ' My old cat :ha:o .four beautiful kittens. I tried one day to teach them tu drilik millk oiut of a saucer. I put in their little lwhite noses: they only sneezed and slhooluo tlheir heads. I put themi in the dish F hut they paddled about and crawled ,ut. I gave it up. Bye land blye I saw Ollrco0ok, who had been watching one, with a smile on her face, place a dish of milk on the floor and call up the old cat. She began Slapping hIartily; gave a low loving, Ma- ow, the little kits rna up; down went, every 'nose into the dish, and lthey all begao to do just as the old cat did, lap, lap, with their tongues.' So you see' the power of example., Now allow me to say to thl fathers and motlhers in thii church ; if you want your kittens to conie to chlurch and be good, don't bob their heads, but show them- the example. ) Tow, notice again these candles are n,,ot only big and little, but they are ;liflerent colours, so that they are not only big and little Christians. but, ditlereuit coloured Christians, and they are just as good as we are-if not better-e.,. there i are the black Christians of Africa ; the yellow Christians of China; thecopper colouret Itndians ; and the bronzed I islanders of the pacific, different colure l christians as well as different sizes. Now here is a very important point to notice. W\hat ,art of the candle is it that really shines. The fatty pait or the wick? Yes, the , ick. lHere is a large candle. If this hadn't any wick would it shine. Couldn't I light it witlh a match? ?No, its no good unless it has a wick, and so boys, you and 1 can't shine unless we have Christ in us. It is this wick that really shines, the wick in the centre of the candle, and so it is Christ, who really shines in us. " Take that wick away and the candle wouldn't shine; so take Christ away and we can't shine. See that you have Christ in you.. Who is it that makes you shine? Christ. Atnd where nmust'wehave him ? 'In us. Som~o candles are blown out and then there ino good until they are re-lit, and" that is just what happens to someo Christians, their light gets blown out by this thing and thuit thing ; somebody does something or somebody says sonic thing that is not pleasant; and out goes the light. Oh what a little putll puts some lights out. N ow what are these Christians called whose lights are put ont ? Yes, they are the backsliders in the church, and they are no good until they are lit up again. Is there any other way I could put that candle out besides blowing it out? Yes, I. could snuff it out with fingers, or put an extinguisher on it, and so there are three ways, by which our light as Christians may be put out. It may be puffed out with unkind words; it may be snuffed out with unkind deeds ; or it may be extinguishedl by the love of riches and the fascinations of the world. Are there any boys here who work in the mine? Well, I am told that the way in which miners find out whether there is foul air in a shaft is by lowering a litghted candle; and if the ,candle goes gradually out, that is an indication thalt the air is foul. That 'light can't live in the foul air-it chokes it. So Christians can't live with foul companions, with bad associates; their light gets put out. Avoid foul companions as you would foul air. When you see or hear of a: backslider, you can think of a man whose light is put out ; a man going through the world with a big extinguisher on himn. You see this candle with its light blown out. Can't it be lit again ? Yes. Howv? I can light it with a match or with another candle. So, thank God, the backslider may be made to shine again; set on fire by the Holy Ghost, directly or indirectly lit up by another Christian. Let us try to help backsliders, to set them on fire, so that they may' shine again." 