FINANCIAL REFORM. A STATE BANK. REVISING ESTIMATES. Another doss of tbe Taxation Bui was Rtren to the Legislative Counoil on Tuesday. The medicine was not palatable to most Secratary posers which made him unusually uncomfortable. Id Committed members battled for and against the absentee. The Chief Secretary admitted his error last week aa to his interpretation of 'absentee,' and explained that there are two conditions of inclusion as an absentee, viz., absence for two years and non-reRidence. The liability is created by either of these two conditions, and the exemption arises only where neither of thfm occur. The Chief Secretary was forced to submit to considerable obftttiuff for coming down. The Hon. E. Ward suggested that the Crown law officers shonld be invited to state their opinion on the clause. Numerous possibilities of absentee landowners evading the tax were suggested by supporters as well aa by oppo nents ot the Bill, but the Chief Secretary did not attempt to answer them all offhand. Contingencies, of course, could be raised in this Bill aa in any other Bill and they would bave to be settled by the Taxation Department when they arose. Sir Edwin Smith failed to see how a person could be designated au absentee who was out of the colony, but who had left his house behind bim. Dr. Magarey raised a laugh by his enquiry as to how it could be possible for any one to take his house with him. Even some of the Labour members reoognised the vagueness of the definition of absentee. The Eon. G. McGregor, however, wanted, to know 'Why all this fighting of ghosts ?' nud the Hon. W. Russell another defender of the clause, feared the debate represented tco much hair Bphttintf. The Hon. E. Ward led an attack against the proposed period for d&ting; abseri toniam, arguing that the first assessment for taxing absentees should be the Crst assess ment calculated after the coming into opera tion of tho Aot, otherwise the Bill would be rucrospective. The Chief Secretary tboutht it advisable to resume to consider Mr. Ward's suggestion, and after having spent an hour in Committee the Bill w»a lefs where it was without any progress being reported. It will probably be taken up again to-day. In a brief speech the Chief Secretary ex plained tha leading provisions of the Facto ries Bill on ita second reading, and the debate was adjourned till next day. The amendments made by the Council in the Vermin Bill whioh the Aaoembly dis agreed with were no!) insisted upon. Conse quently tbe Bill will remain exclusively a fencing measure. The Hon. E. W»rd and others sought to retain the Council's clause extending the powers of the Vermin Boards, but were defeated by 11 to 7, after the Hon. J. V. O'Loghlin had failed to carry his compromise that: the expenditure of the rates should be restricted to scalping dogs ar.d Fencing. The Assembly pronounced aa a reason foe dissent from the Council's amendment that membership of a Vermin Board was not uongenial to women, Mr. Ward asked, 'If that position is not congenial to women then bow can the position of a memberof Parliament be congenial to them.' He was left un snBwered. The Electoral Bill was further considered in Committee, where, at tbe in stance of the Hon. J. L. Stirling, it was de sided to hold the Returning Officer for the province responsible for the direction and con trol of the preparation and maintenance of the electoral rolls throughout the colony. Mr. Stirling moved for a more perfect and inex pensive electoral roll, but aa the Chief Secre tary is anxious to receive a report, which has been called for, from the Government Printer in connection with this and other matters, progress was reported. The second read.ng 3f the Licensed Victuallers Amendment Bill was moved by the Chief Secretary, who ex plained its provisions at some length. Answering an interjection about the recent Parliamentary sweep, Mr. Gordon led members to infer that a sweep might be con lucted in roome at Parliament House, set apart ior the use of private members just the same »s in one's own private house or club, but it wax illegal to raise a Bweep in a publio place. Ihe Hon. E. Ward obtained tbe adjournmt'Ct }f tha debate, and then invited the represen tative of tbe Government to consent to adjourn the sitting. Membera Bmilfd when be gave as his reason that the international 3rioketmatoh, in whioh they were all interested, tvaB going on, Bis honourable friend, Mr. Darling, who sat on bis left, hsd a eon the aero of the occasion. The Chief Secretary, however, could not be prevailed upon to release hie colleagues so soon — it was then near half paet 5 — and so the Counoil took up tbe Federal Counoil Bill and carried it through Com mittee. Mr. Ward vainly sought to excise clause 3, with tbe view of allowing tbe people to eloofc the representatives to the Hobart Assembly, and also unsuccessfully endeavoured to limit the expenses of the delegnt9s to £1CO. 'A sufficiently reasonable allowance for a summer picnic,' he added. The third reading 3f the Bill was fixed for to-day. After the holiday the Assembly met in a good temper. The Premier parried a question from Mr. Price as to the illegal supply of liquor to Patman at Orroroo, and informed Mr. Mc Donald that any shareholder could apply to the Court for leave to inspect the papers of the Federal Bank liquidation case. Ihe Cornm'auioner of Crown Lands asked tbe House to approve of tbe purchase of land near Brompton Park for homestead blocks, which, ifser a shoiC discussion, was carried. An attempt to get speedily into Committee to conaidur the Credit Fonoier system was thwarted by Mr. Solomon in a vigorous protest and by Mr. Grainger in a two hours' 'pceoh. Mr. Catt enquired if Mr. Solomon Jesired the distressed farmers to turn to bis countrymen. Mr. Solomon 1 roated the remark m ungentlemauly and deserving of oontempt. Mr. Grainger chaffed the versatile Treasurer, scbaolmaster, and journalist on bis financial justifications. 'Ha was the editor of tbe tvretohedest rag I ever saw.' Mr. Archibald interposed, and .\Ir. Grainger bantered him about hia pot phrase — economio law. Mr. Wood fired a riudom shot, and Mr. Grainger made fun of Mr. Wood's air of superiority, presuming that Gladstone and Gojchen might suck knowledge from hisspeeches. Mr. Grainger delivered an address he bad prepared on Mr. Oatt'a motion. Ha extolled iba Credit Foncier systoca, but ita weakness &3 a State institution was the nearly impossible condi tion of freedom from political control. The Railway Commissioners proved that. An non. member pestered by applioaats bad secured billets for a large number of con stituents on the railways. The Manacers of a (Jredit Foncier should be as independent as Judges ought) to bt; the final phrase was emphasized. A Minister oonld easily get a relative appointed ; ha referred the appointment to a colleague, who returned the compliment when occasion arose. Waxing warm, Mr. Grainger concluded at 5\. 15 that on a delicate 6cheme like that mem bers might easily go wrong, and tbe penalty of a Gnancial critis ultimately fell upon the working classes. Mr. Caldwell considered that financial reform nhouM have taken placo long ago. In a good speooh Mr. Hombui'g, regarding tbe quedtion as above party, de sired tho prinoiples discussed before the Bill was introduced, for once the Government committed itself to a measure it felt bound to support it. The matter had never been dis cussed before tbe electors. It ought at least to be referred to a Committee for enquiry. He eohoed Mr. Graicger's warning of the difficulty of placing a State in tttuti'ion outside political control. The Savings Bauk Board was not sufficiently boyond political control for a State Bank. Ho objeoted to Savings Bank balances being moppad up for Credit Foucier loans, as it would throw a large olasa of lenders on a diffiouh market, and prevent depositors re ceiving money at call. If those balances were absorbed into general revenue it would be a fraud. Hh would prefer a tirst-claes mort gage at a low rat-« of interest to South Australian 3.J per cent, bonds of twenty years' date. Mr. Homburg, who bad been speaking an hour, had not finished when the House rose tor tea. Oil resuming; Dr. Robertson, of Sydney, had a scat in the Members' Gallery. Mr. Homburg thought that it would be sufficient to extend the powers of the Savings Bank bo as to meet demands for loans with a scale of re payments. At 8 o'clock Mr. MoPherson ohided the Treasurer for again trying to dip into Committeo without giving information. He would not support the Bill unless it wera » State Bank Bill. Th* Treasurer defended Ibe precedent of taking the motion to go into Committee m formal The final copy of the Bill had only been received since the debate opened. Mr. Homburg— Then yon ought not to have moved the resolution. At eeven minutes past 8 the House went into Com mittee, and the Treasurer explained tha proposal, which was to give Government) control over the Savings Bank and guarautee the funds, to raise money by mortgage bonds and issue State notes, and to advance money to farmers and others upon Credit Foncier terms. Mr. Gilbert was surprised at the introduction at that stage of so radical % policy. It was the trail of the serpent of (socialism. Mr. Archibald — That'i your trouble. Mr. Grainger offered strenuous opposition to the absorption of the Saving! Bauk. The resolution was carried, and tbe Bill introduced, which will be found described in another column. The Sale of Fertilizers Bill was advanced a stage, aud the Lake Bonney Settlement Bill read a third time. At quarter to 9 tbe revision of the Estimates ivas continued. Discussion took place on the Government Printing-O3ice. What year did it not? Mr. Soherk complained that a number of trained girls were being replaced by younger and oheaper ones. Mr. Caldwull hoped Mr. Scherk was misinformed. Tho Treasurer pro mised to enquire into the faots. Of course the police were analysed. Mr. Brooker referred to sergeants, whioh touched Mr. Kingston upon a soft spoti. Mr. MePherson— He has not worn the uniform for months. An hon. member — He caunofe get into it now. Mr. Handy side— We must call it in. Mr. Brooker thought thai tbe constables wbo did a bit of broking on the Exchange were well paid. Mr. Handyside —They are thero to find the rogues. Mr. Arohibald— A good plaoe, too. Mr. MoPhoreou wanted a Koyal Commission ap pointed. The force was a seething mass of discontent. He declined to give details and eo implicate men. Superior officer! were getting an increase in salary by an additional allowance for uniforms. By letting men live outside city boundaries the Commissioner signalled out his favourites. The Premier — That is done by the Minister in charge. Mr. MePherson — The handsome salaried Inspec tors could be retrenched by one-half. The Commissioner had too much power in appor tioning the vote. The Premier — Tittle-tattle. i.ir. MePherson — The tittle-tattle is on the other side. The Com nissioner sent to my own premises to see that no constables gave me in formation. Tho police btd ground to complain of the administration of the Police Fund. The Treasurer refused an enquiry into oharpes which were mere generalties. The Govern ment would protect) any complainant. Mr. Brooker— An order baa been issued prohibi ting polioemen from making oomplaints to a member of Parliament. Mr. Holder— Quite right. The force was economically managed. Any constable who had right to retiring allowance when the Civil Service Aot of 1881 wa3 passed would receive it plus 4 per cent, per annum interest. Mr. Price wanted it made an off-sneo on the part) of any publio man eeea speaking to a policeman. He also made fun of chose who wanted extra protection euoh as Government House people, and seriously suggested that where additional officers wore demanded they should be paid for by those who utilized their servioes. Sir John Downer had, after enquiry while Chief Secretary, discovered that the force was particularly well affected. Some younger men thought that their seniors should either go up or down. As a quasi-military force there must be perfeot discipline. To allow complaints to outsiders was to pat a premium upon dis affection. Mr. Wood said the oause of dissatis faction was that there were a number of men in tho torca bordering upon seventy years of age, who had made ample provision for the future, and would not make room for the youn? men. Mr. Foster gave a specifio instance of hardship. At the request of people in a township the Chief Secretary retained a oertain constable, who thereupon received a latter, marked private, stating that if he ooimnunicated again with a member of Parliament he would bs dismissed. That v?as intimidation. At twenty-five minul'QB to 11 the line was passed. Mr. 1'o.tter objected to a forage allowance to the SLiunff in connection v/ith the prisons vote, but was defeated by 22 to 1-1. Mr. Brooker wanted the vote for Visiting Justices knooked c!f, but the icem was retained by 19 to 16. Progress was reported at nice minutes past 11, and tha Houao rooe. In the Council this afternoon Dr. Magarey will ask for a poll of parents in regard to Scriptural instruction in State schools. Tbe Orders of the Day include the questions of a direct wealth tax, safer loadline, Mr. Wrngge's forecast?, coolie labour in the Territory, and tbe Taxation Bill. There is a long Notico-papor in the Assembly. Mr. Griffiths will aeok to r6movo the restrictions on the sale of malt extract, Mr. Arahibald to check commercial gambling, and Mr. Brooker to introduce a Patent Bill. The Orders of the Day inolude the questions of abolishing free educa tion, public tenders, leusus in the Hundred of Evtrord, Electoral Qualification Bill, Davis cad Wylio's water- bore agreement, limitation of land holdings, and several other matters which will probably not be reached. In the evening tbe Premier and Chief StoreSary will attend the Mayor's banquet, but the Govern ment business to be tuken is, wo are informed, Salo of Fertilizers, Pastoral, Women's Fran chise, aud Mining on Private Property Bills. 