Hog and Horse. A RACE IN ILLINOIS. We are unable to aeoertain to whonr dipcredit for this truthful racing tale should be given :— Once during time, the proprietor of a hotel in a little town in Illinois was a horse fancier. He was such an enthusiast that it was common talk that his boarders would be more likely to live if he would devote more attention to the bill of fare and lees to horse. But he continued to talk horse and the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly disappeared When he returned he brought with him a horse. He called it a runner and said it was bred in Kentucky, althonglyo one believed he went beyond the Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the months, and to all the boarders came a feeling such as we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlord talked of nothing but the speed of the horse. At last, in a state of mental aberration, a suburban reside at named Turner offered to bet that the horse could not beat one of his hogs for a quarter of a mile. After the peninsular on the landlord's face had grown red enough to do -credit to a Kentucky colonel, he replied that he would bet all kinds - of ' money that no hog could outrun his horse. While his mind was stm on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 -dollars, which was immediately covered by the landlord Then Tomer's senses came home. Now, 10 dollar bills are not as plentiful with him as they were with Cortez after he discovered Ilaxioo, and he at once fled to a point of seclusion where he could think out a scheme for saving thé deposit. He thought and thought. He thought about the hard- times ; about how great Ananias could have been if he had lived in an age when fame was aoquired becarac-^»* having owned fast horses ; but firstly and lastly he thought about that lOdoL Turner had some Poland China hogs which he claimed had been imported direct from Poland or Iceland, he wasn't positive which, but they were of the bar-tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman is ofpas&inglawa; that would benefita town. At last before his tnindappeared aghost. It must have been a ghost, for an animated frame of bones can't be anything else ; this ehost was nothing more nor less, and it could not have been any less without parting with the tail, than a Southern wind-splitting, razor-back hog. It was of the 'same kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes for the carrier pigeons if they could be induced to retnrn home at the top of thmr speed. Turner knew, that a razor- back hog would go farther for a feed than a ' policeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He caneluded it was just what he wanted. He gained a concession of six weeks for training, raised the bet to &0dol., and at first opportunity imported» shadow of a hog. His first plans matured rapidly, and when the hog arrived he was ready. U'be first lesson was like teaching a small boy thé -âasjrar of ^ating'j^reen applaa. - It aonmsted of .placing a bucket of feed at one end of the lane and trying to start the h^g in àt the other. Finally the hog was persuaded to go down- the. lane. Of .course it found the feed. It w^s not necessary. to diet the hog to make it hungry. The instant it was in any other condition it ceased to be a razor-back. To make a long story short, that hog proved to be the most apt student ever seen in Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and the hog allowed to go down the lane at a clip so hot that if the .race had occurred in Sodom-or Kansas City either town would have burned. The landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his money, was up, and on the day appointed he came to the score. \- The entries were to be sent-froth a standstill start.' Everybody was told to get "ready. A score of idle hearts waited 1 for the word. It wàs given and the hog. released. It started with a "booh" -that would have frightened a Chicago mayor and went down the road" ,like a frightened comet. For at least five seoonds the horse did nothing but rear and snort his disapproval of such a contest, and wEen onoe started it was evident hé would rather do anything than pvertake the object bobbing upand down in the distance. The hog ^on. Turner pocketed the SOdol. and moved to town. The landlord 1 sold thé horse, bought a hatchet, and ever since has been engaged in > shopping the wood and oat* ting, off the >feet of -spring chickens.— " The Horseman."- i The Princess di Cr&Mto;, nee Mkckcyj the "Silver : King's" daughter, seek^ a-divorce. Grounds, the Prince's «x* travagance. The French anarchie ta continue to threaten further outragés W way "of let prisai for the measurèa being takéu against them by the Çfovémmetit, Tbpy now declare that they' will destroy the Hèfcel de Ville in Paris with dynamite. 