kOW THE WORLD WAGS. 4 Ebenezer Ward is most indignant at Kirkpatrick for' accusing him of intoxication while travelling with the Vermin Commission. Anyone who knows Ebenezer will understand what a blow such an accusation is to his sensitive disposition. There are some en who become so excited that their xcitement is mistaken for drunken ness, but Kirkpatrick, being com paratively new to Parliament, has not yet grasped all the idiosyncrasies of Ward. Perhaps the lessee of Grampus is the only, living politician who has had the distinction of being " named " by the Speaker of our Assembly. This event occurred seven or eight years ago at least.. Ward was in a par ticularly rampagipus mood. He was, in fact, more excited than usual. He pounded the table in front of him, he; disputed with the Speaker, he gave members who interfered a verbal trouncing, and raised Cain generally. The hour was late, and members wanted to get to their homes, but Ebenezer held on. He was in his element, or' his element was in him, whichever way you choose to look at ijt Angry glances apd vehement denunciations only gave him en , eouragement. At length the climax came. The Speaker, after 'several fe threats," namedhim. v The " naming * process in itself is •• v very tame. The Speaker simply says, " Mr. Ward," .or " Mr. Brown," as the fit) case may be, and a member for the nonce loses his privileges. He becomes a Mere outsider. He must leave/ the sacred Chamber. When Ward was "named" he immediately sat down, for excited though he was, he promptly recognised his constitu tional position. Then followed a farcical scene. It was necessary that the recalcitrant member should be removed, and the shifting process was the duty of the Sergeant at Arms— e^old friend Black more. The Sergeant approached Ebenezer, looking very white about the gills, and touched him in a gingerly fashion on the shoulder. " I will take that as an assault," remarked Ebby, and he meandered out of the House. Where he went need not be enquired into. He probably surrounded a long soda .and limejuice. On the following morning—or really the same morning, Ebenezer took a cab and called upon Samuel Beddome, who was then the presiding genius of the Adelaide Police Court. He wanted a summons against Clerk Blackmore on a charge of assault. But Sammy was not to be cajoled into giving a summons, and Ward left him dis appointed. In the afternoon he appeared in the House and made a sort of apology, which was accepted, and there was an end to the incident. Poor old Ward! He had a trifle of influence in those days. He was sometimes listened to seriously, and he once reminded Rowley Hees, in the words of Lytton, that there is a future life for every man who has the virtue to repent and the energy to atone. Ebenezer has certainly riot done much repenting, and as for -atoning, the word v * seems to have been eliminated from his dictionary. * * * The old days, when the quadrangle of the Government Offices used to be invaded at the end of every month by a horde of money-lenders, are at an end. Impecunious clerks have to raise the needful by other means than pro creation orders, and a man's salary for the month is now paid over without any deductions. Which reminds Quiz y that in the happy past a couple of young Englishmen came to Australia, and were promptly popped into Go vernment billets. They lived in great sumptuousness. They attended race meetings, and betted with great regu larity. They gave little dinners to their friends, and altogether behaved like men who had struck a bonanza at Coolgardie might be expected to act. One day they were amissing., Their ofljce knew them not. It was pay day too. Later on there was an incursion of a great host. " Jehoshaphat!" ex claimed the cashier, " here's all Jeru salem broken loose." " Gad," returned his junior, " it's not only the Hebrews but every Gentile money-lender— d— n them, they're worse—is there too." Of course the quest was for the Englishmen who had folded their tents like the Arabs, and as silently stolen away. Their rage, when they heard of the flitting was terrible. One of the Britishers had gone to every money lender in the city and borrowed from iBlO^to £20 off each, his friend ob ligingly acting as security. Having secured the boodle they skipped to another clime, where more Govern ment billets were awaiting, and money lenders were fresh. An' sae (Donald MacPherson writes) we're like tae hae a bit contest fer the Mayoralty aifter a'. I hae read in the paipers thot the Council hed ask't Maister Willcox tae Stan' agen, an' thot he consented at ance, boot sed he'd tak' twa or three days to consider it, altho' he'd already gien h's consent; aiblins he wadna wish tae be thocht thot he'd be jumping at it like ; an' noo there's a wheen folk wantin' Sir E. T. Smith tae stan' agen tae, an' it's weel kenned thot Maister Cohen, thot wee dark son o'Israel, has announced his intention o' stannin' ony wey. Sae nae doot they'll be a wee bit feicht, whilk wad be gude fer trade, they say, tho' I'm thinkin' it's nae mony boot the publicans, an' the.. cabmen, an' a wheen idle loons thot gain muckle by the elections aither for the ceety or fer Parliamen' ony wey. Nae doot there'll be mair candidates yet, an' it's easy tae see the bait thot they're a' strivin' fer. Is it no understood thot the Deuk o' York an' his wife wull be comin' 'oot tae the colonies wi'in the nex' twarmonth, an' wad no the Mayor who entertains them be a'maisfc sura o' some Honor (gin ye can ca' them things honors) or anither ? Fancy gin Sir E. T. Smith wis the Mayor, as he's already a Sir, for the distinguished service o' enterfcainin' twa laddies, they'd maybe mak' him a belted Yerl, or aiblins a Deuk ; hoo fine the Deuk o' Kent Town wad soond tae be sure. I'm thinkin' there's ■ * a heap o' truth intil the lines written by Sydney Smith, weel kenned as the " witty Canon o' St. Paul's " (no here, boot in Lunnon) r " Smith, gentlemen, is a glorious name, It stan's ever high in \he annals o' fame; ~ v Let Broon, Jones, an' White increase as they will, Believe me thpt Smith'll get ahead o' them still." An' whaever hard o' a distinguished mon ca'd Jones, onywey ? When Lord Rosebery was visiting Adelaide he was taken by Johnny Bray into the Lands Office. The present Premier of England was very interested in the maps of South Australia, and while looking over one he saw the name " Primrose Springs." " Hulloa !" he said, "Primrose is my family name." One of the clerks ventured to suggest that the Springs were not called after the illustrious progenitors ef his lord ship, but after a gentleman who was noted for brewing very good beer. "It's all the same," said Rosebery. " It's all in the family. I must have a look at the brewery." And he made Bray take him down to Rundle Street, where it is only fair to assume that he sampled some of Primrose's best. At all events if Sawers was on the premises he would not have allowed a visitor, and more particularly a visitor like the sporting lord, to leave with a complaint of a dry thorax. Rosebery never put on side. He was, like Carrington, too much a man of the world. And talking of lords, Quiz is reminded of Kintore, who, during his expedition across the continent, is said to have developed a vocabulary which would have made even a bullock driver confess his insignificance. This accom plishment will be a great attraction when Kintore returns to the salons of fashionable London. * There's some folk whan they begin jugglin' wi' foreign languages, whilk they're no ower weel acquent wi', fand themsel's landed at the back o' beyonts or whaur they dinna ken, an' whut Maister Gordon wis telliri' me brocht' thot tae ma min'. He sed—"There wis a mon wis talkin' tae twa leddies, an' he tell't them hoo a fren' o' theirs, Miss Broon, wis gaen hame in ane o' the mail steamers, an' as Miss Broon wisna rerra weel off she wis gaen wi' the twa Misses Jones, wha'd a hantle o'siller, ^an'sis he, Miss Broon wull' be whut's ca'd a chijjlohier* Noo," sis Maister Gordon, "the leddies sey whut he'd mean wad be a chaperoneboot I'm thinkin' tbot the mon wisna far wrang, for a chiffonier is whut they ca' a mon wha goes pokin' aboofc the streets o' Paris pickin' up auld rags an' siclike oncon sidered trifles, an' I'm thinkin' ony ane gaen hame as haif chaperone, half maid, tae twa lassies wad aiblins hae tae pick up mony o' their rags an9 siclike.—Donald M!acPherson. * * * - Dr. L. L. Smith, who certainly has not done much in the political world of Victoria is to the fore with a proposal to license money lenders. And why not? In Sew Zealand lately a remittance man borrowed £7 for a week. The lender took a bed stead as security, and charged £5 as interest. Thus to borrow seven pounds for a like number of days cost £12. Adelaide has not, so far as Quiz is aware, beaten this transaction, but it can show very nearly equal results. * * * . A man who breaks out from gaol is playing a game in which the odds are greatly against him. His recapture is almost a certainty. McClur^ who made his escape the other day, got as far as Morphett Yale, and then, finding that the police were after him, gave himself up. Result—two months longer spell in gaol. One of Quiz's first reporting experiences—it occurred^ in May, 1876—was in connection with a case of gaol breaking* Two sailors from one of the ships at Port Adelaide had been imprisoned for some offence or another, and hearing that the ship was about to sail they eluded the vigilance of the guards and madeJ way down to the 'Port. There they met their old shipmates, had a parting ; drink, wished a hearty good-bye, and trudged back to the gaol 1 If Quiz; remembers correctly the", jolly Jack Tars were lightly dealt with for their breach of discipline. 1 A paragraph in last week's issue referred to the use of the diyining rod by Mr. f E. H. Derrington in the search for metals. There is not, the least doubt about the sincerity of Mr. Derrington, and he attributes ' the power he claims to possess to some magnetic affinity between the human body and the various metals. ^ He tells in all soberness how he has been enabled to trace the course of a lode which has been lost, and there is little question that if he can satisfactor: L 7 accomplish such tasks his value in a mining community would be in estimable. In fact Quiz has serious of Boating the Derringtpn DIv5mng Rod Company, Inmited, a capital of j6l00,000, half of which Is to go to the promoter and the other half to the diviner. Onqe having secured Mr. Derrington no capital would be required. He could be let loose with his rod in a mining district, and all the shareholders would have to do would be to follow , in .his wake and pick up the gold. Pirates are hereby warned that the idea has been patented, and the generalpublic are respectfully requested to beware of imitations. * Ex-circus proprietor Hayes is now acting as steward on a steamer plying between. Melbourne and Sydney. He once ministered to the amusement of the people ; he no w ministers to their woes. A steward who can turn double somersaults ought to be invaluable in * * * \- Solomon, M.P., is fast becoming one of the most able debaters in the House : of Assembly, and he will by and bye reap the inevitable reward of a port folio. . There will /be some delay, because the Kingston Ministry look like fixtures for the remainder of the Parliament, but Solomon's time will oome. It is to be hoped that he will, not carry out his threat to wipe the floor with the Premier. Kingston is a heavy man, and Solomon is by no means a lightweight. Any floor wiping experiment would be pre judicial to the health of both gentle men. There ought to be a punching hagHouse. This would enable legislators to work off their superfluous energy before com mencing an oration. ■/■■'■Mr/'-Hi1- Caldwell, M.P., has burst xntb poetry again, and has published a little work entitled, " In Our Great Korth-West ; or Incidents and Im pressions in Central Australia." In a note it is stated that " the author desire^his effort to be viewed rather . i .... as an: attempt to describe sdme of the geographical peculiarities of his adopted country than & bid for a prominent position in literature." It is necessary that the reader Should bear this in mind, for he will be irresistibly driven to the' concision that Mr. Caldwell would have been wiser if he had stuck to the language of prose. In fact the lucubrations of the poet-politician are like prose chopped up and fitted with rcertain rhymes. Mark Twain relates how in his early days he undertook to immortalize - in verse a certain legal document, and this he did by cutting it up into lines somewhat thusly (Quiz quotes from memory) — .. " This indenture made the fourth Day of April in the year Of our Lord one thousand and Eight hundred and forty. Mr. Caldwell's work is an improve ment, because he has gone in for one of the requirements trf poetry—rhyme. In his dedicationto Mr. John Hogarth hh'writ^;:—1 " Some tw;o-and-forty years, dear John, Since first we met have come and gone; . " / "' ' \ And both were children then ; and now ~ Stern manhood's lines are on each brow." It would be strange indeed if man hood's lines were absent after forty two years, but Mr. Caldwell is nothing if not minute. After a reference to the Hon. J. Warren, the bard thus refers to himself— " Next him went slowly riding The Chairman, or 4 the boss,' , Upon a gentle camel . Which ambled like a horse." * Beautifully simple, isn't it? And such a noble rhyme ! But be patient. There are better things to follow. Here's a morsel-— " For many our discomforts, And many were our wahts— , Two spacious holes began to show In Derringtonian pants," Or How does this strike you for imagery— " Strange are the springs which bubble up From hidden founts belowj Like festering pimples of the earth Along the plain they show." The man who can compare a spring to a festering pimple is distinctly original. But Mr. Caldwell is always fanciful. Listen— - 1 " The graceful curls ascending, The-camp fire's smoke was seen, And graceful looked the billies black, The leaping flames between." A man who can see grace in a sooty billy must be a poet! Later on he says, "I will sit and coon the verses." Probably he means croon. Mr. Caldwell missed many comforts in hisjourney ings, and he pathetically exclaims that— " The milkmaid's lilting never charmed The air above those plains." Why didn't the party take a milkmaid r with them h But space will not permit of many further extracts from the entertaining book or the "simple son of song," as Mr. Caldwell styles him self. Let Quiz finish with two verses which will explain themselves— " But you must not say my harpings Are barbaric-toned and rude; Duty called, and time was pressing— I have done the best I could. Take these verses then, my comrade, Do not heed what critics say, We have gazed from higher mountains, ^nd o'er broader plains than they." Well, yes, Mr. Caldwell is just a trifle too lofty for Quiz. * ' * - * As I cam' ower the door the mornin' I hard wee*1 Tammy Jones, wha wis sittin' in the gutter liltin' like tae a laverock, fer he's a sweet wee pipe o' his ain. " Hoos a' wi' ye, Tammy V sis I; " an' whutTl be thot noo sang o' yours ava ?" " Cude mornin', Maister MacPherson," sis he, " surely ye ken the 'Carse o' Cowrie?'" <ft^el!/' sis X " I thochfc I kenned the cbune, boot the wurds are no whut we used lang syne." " Na," sis he, " this version wis gied tae me by the maister o' the schule, an' he ca's it the fang da sickle, or up-to-date version," " Weel," sis I, f4 sing it fer me. noo, Tammy," and this is whut he sang-— 'Twas on a simmer's afternoon x . . . .. A wee before the sun went doun, Ma laddie, who's a silly loon, Cam' ower the hill frae Gowrie. I hed a thochfc tae dae him wrang, Sae in his airnis ma waist I flange An' cried, " Ma laddie, noo ye'll gang An' mak' me Leddy Gowrie." Ma mifcher sune gied her consent, Sae tae Mess John I quickly went, Wha tied him tae ma heart's content, An' noo I'm Leddy Gowrie. —Donald MacPherson." * * * A Legislative Council Caucus. E. W. (loquitor)— We're only twenty-four of us, yet long the roost we've ruled, It's only now the people see how well they have been fooled. My goodness me, there come in here some people with ideas, Who have the cheek to picture us as people ought to see us. For nearly half a century we've " lived upon " the land (Not tilling it, but "holding" it on spec, you understand). Some years ago, as you all know, it was an easy thing To buy up miles at little cost (to those then in the ring). And so in this great colony we all secured a " stake " Before these wretched Socialists became so wide awake. Till then we were the earth's own salt (not like that at St Kilda)-— What people want with land like that must surely us bewilder We all know how 'tis possible the land to " sugar " turn, Altho' of late " depression" sore has made our fingers burn ; They're talking now of taxing us as well as other folk, Now don't you think, my friends, that this is something past a joke ? So now in caucus let's devise some stringent counterblast,. To see that nothing liberal in measures shall be passed ! I've got it now ! I'll talk and talk, and claim to keep1 intact That grand old stalking horse we call the Constitution Act 1 To keep our privileges secure the only plan we have is To jump with our united force upon theb -y navvies. :je rfs Dear Quiz—It may be news to some of your readers that slavery existed in Scotland till 1785. It was abolished by Act No. 28 of 15th George III. (1775). No compensa tion was paid, but the manumission was to take place in from three to ten years, according to age. By the same Act the wiyes and children of thi slaves were also freed. I would like to point out that any man who worki in a colliery or sfblt works was therebl bound thereto for life, and past from owner to owner just as the hoi connected with the yrorks did. main reason for abolishing the slave) was not because it was wrong, because it caused "great loss to owners " and decreased the number available Colliers and salters.—Tout A T. Sanders. * * * " Cicero's Ghost."—The proof r< was kind to you, for you had the word "or" follow "neither" your letter, and the reader, not wantinj to give you away, set yon right. * * . 1 The Premier has issued a pamphlet " Notes on the I nd us trial Oonciliatioi Bill in the South Australian £ai liament." Thisgives a comprehensive description of Mr. Kingston's schemi as expressed in the measure be, hi introduced, and it will have the effect of smoothing away many diffioultif that have presented themselves various persons. Mr. Kingston ei phasises the fact that the Bill propOH nothing of acompulsory character, b| is purely permissive. There is hoi the least doubt that ere long con ciliation will take the place of dil heartening strikes, and the sooner better for all' concerned. If . Kingston succeeds in his efforts in thl direction he will have reason to fee proud mam 