' HOW DIBBS WAS UNDONE. He Drove in the Royal Carriage, j And the Queen Wore Black, j ME. J. Tighe Byan in the last number of the Review of Reviews writes a character sketch of Sir G. R. Dibbs, in which all this is set ont without a smile :-But if Sir George' Dibbs could be only persuaded to write his confes- sions the most picturesque chapter in an exciting book would be-"How l Became the Lion of London."** I can only give a weak description of his [interviews with the Queen. .Lord Knutsford presented him to her Majesty at Buckingham Palace, where he had the honor of answering her many inquiries about the people of Australia. She introduced him to one of her daughters. The Queen, being in mourning, wore a plain black dress. Sir George was charmed with her simple manners. "I afterwards went to the Isle of Wight," he.said, "and drove with Lord Knuteford .to the palace in the royal carriage. Lord Knutsford announced me to her Majesty. I went down on one knee, and she asked General Byng for his sword. He offered her the : uniform dress sword, but she requested him to present his own sword instead. She then took the sword, and, touching my head and shoulder, said, ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, arise Sir George Dibbs.' She then invested me with the gold collar, and handed me the star. The ceremony over, I had another conversation with her Majesty. Finally, I kissed her hand and bowed out of the room." He, of course, 'associated with' all the princes, social queens, and the leading " statesmen and financial sovereigns of Europe. Baron Roths- child said, "You in thé colonies are always ready to borrow money, but you are making no provision to pay it back." He then made .up his mind tc establish a sinking fund in New South Wales. What struck him most about English society was the total absence of " side." " The higher you ascend," he said, "the simpler and more charm- ing the people become." Cricketing shirts, trou. H. Hr Hart. .: Children's nafled school boote copper toes, very special at H. H. Halt's* This month's Review of Reviews hats; an article by the Hon. W. ;P. Reeves, New Zealand Minister for Labor, on ¡' Labor Troubles and their Cure." Chiliren'8 strap shoes. H. H Hart. Boys' trou, suits 10a. 6d. H. H Hart. _ SOR» Eras I-Tm Piora* s EIMKDT. -MOBBIS" Era Ornum acill without a ri»al after fifty years' extrusive use throughout Australia. Nothing like it and no home safe without its being always at hand. 1 Proprietor's name must be on every pot. Sold everywhere Large pots, 5» "D Weinstein" writes:-"I am an old man recently discharged from the hospital, trying to earn a living in a shop nearly opposite to the MINER office, but am so cruelly molested by larrikins every evening that my life is not worth having. The police want me to summon them, but I cannot fiad their names. Could not an officer be deputed to watch the palace ?' Leather-strap shoes. H. H. Hart. \- Kid strap shoes at H. H Hart's* Patent Medicines are now supplied ab the Medical Hall in retail quan- tities at wholesale prices. Call for price-list. % . Kip and calfskin just unpacked. Prest and Hocking, t . Mr. William Pearce, sen., of Burra, fell over a footbridge into a creek, a distance of 10ft., breaking his right thigh. As he is 72 years old, serious consequences are feared. Bural! BuaHi.-Monia* Kn Ovsnast, recog- nised aa indispensable in every borne, having a fifty years' wide reputation. Often imitated ; stdl un- rivalled. Prevent expense and disappointment by mUhwaa substitutes, and see full name on the ' tant, iMga-sow la-A»rt* i 