A DESPERATE FIGHT. o (By Paul Hull.) One of the most thrilling events in the history of military courage is that of Borke's Drift, where less than 100 English infantry held their ground against aud ultimately defeated 3000 of the bravest and best disciplined savages in King Cetewayo's army. During the Zulu war of 1879 two lieutenants (Bromhead and Chard), with 86 men under their command, were sent out on a foraging expedition from their camp on the Buffalo Eiver. Two days later, laden with the spoils of their raid, they started back. -While ascending a bill, over which the trail ran, three columns, each composed of not less than 1000 warriors, were seen following up the spoor (track) of the soldiers. Agaiost such an and unencumbered foe flight was hopeless. A place presenting some natural advantages for a stubborn defence having been observed but a short distance back, the little party retraced its march and proceeded to fortify it with the means at its command. The packhorses were killed to serve as the foundation of a barricade, and on top of them were tiered the bags of mealies (African corn) with which they had been burdened. Before these crude defences could be entirely completed the Zulus, necessarily merged into one column of attack, owfog to the defile through which they were compelled to charge, came swarming np the pass. " Aim low and pour it into 'em, boys !" was the order, and pour it into them they did. For several minutes the rush lasted, yet not a man appeared to advance beyond a certain line. It was like the horse in the tread-mill, who keeps continually moving, but fails to gain a foot. So it was with the Zulus, for the quick volleys mowed the head ranks down as though some mighty scythe in giant hands was swung with pendulum regularity across the path of the on-coming host. Soon between the fort and the enemy a new barrier commenced to grow—a barrier of dead and dying men, up to whioh the marching companies advanced only to swell the gruesome heap. Baffled and amazed the savage horde at length Bwung back out of range, but not for long. There was not a warrior among them but knew full well that Getewayo would put them to the spear if they came back defeated, so it was as well to die in battle as to offer themselves a sacrifice to the contempt and passion of their chief. After a time those within the intrenchment caught the far-away sound of an ominous murmuring, which presently swelled into the dreaded warcry—the song those wild warriors sing only when they march to victory or annihilation. Then they appeared in their original formation of three columns on the plain beyond the moath of the pass, their ox-hlde shields across their breasts and their great stabbing assegais (speare) held a little in advance. So tbey came on until they choked the entrance of the gulch; then the two rear columns halted, and the front one, crying " Bulala umlungo 1" (kill the white men), charged. Those who reached the human barricade threw down their shields, throngh which the bullets pasBed with ease, seized the lifeless forms of their comrades, and continued to advance sheltered from the fire of the soldiers by the bodies of the dead. Many of the Zulus in this way succeeded m g k in reaching the foot of the breastworks, but in order to leap the same they were compelled to expose themselves to the deadly fire of the breechloaders, and although several of them gained the enclosure by vanlting over the barricade it was only to be impaled on the glittering bayonets that fringed the wall. Again thwarted and amazed that their courage availed them not, the remnant of the column retreated slowlv and sullenly down the pass, some of the Zulus halting every few yards in the midst of the fire, which continued to waste them away, to shake their spears at the little band. « We must make this wall higher, lads," said the officers, when the last Zulu had gained the foot of the hill; " jump' out here and pile these bodies on." There was no lack of material, and in a short time the barricade was raised so high that a number of the dead were thrown inside to serve as a platform for the soldiers to Btand on and sight their rifles over the top. Shortly after this the sun went down; then the soldiers knew that they would not be again assaulted until the daybreak; for the Zulus believe that at night the air is full of ghosts, and although they are probably the physical superiors of any other race, and endowed with a eourage which ften approaches the sublime, darkness haa the effect of forcing them to give full rein to their superstitious fears, and so they gather in squads around their little camp fires, finding comfort in companionship. After the night had fallen the question of retreat waB considered, but soon abandoned, for it was seen that to escape it would be necessary to gain the open country by stealing down and out through the pass that was certain to be guarded well. So the brave company took a pitifully small pull at the precious liquid in their canteene, and after the sentries had been posted, stretched their exhausted bodies on the rocky floor, and with a dead Zulu for a pillow, sought the rest that was to strengthen them for the desperate struggle on the morrow. Just before the eastern sky began to pale, the soldiers were awakened, and none too soon ; for, thinking to take the garrison by surprise, the Zulus were to be observed creeping np the defile. A belching line of fim told them that their object was hopeless. The sun was over an hour high before they made their first charge ; then, although killed, wounded, and swept back, they came up again and again, only to be torn and shattered by the awful showers of leaden hail poured upon them from behind the bulwarks of their own dead. Throughout the day every storming device known to the men trained in carnage was adopted by them, but without success; and when the second night came on the Zulus could count the cost of their desperate valor by the hundreds of men who carpeted the pass. During the day the soldiers, driven to it by the scorching heat, had consumed the little water remaining in their canteens, and now another long night was to pass without a drop to moisten their parched throats and cracked and bleeding lips. " Lieutenant," said one of the men, " let go and try to fill a few canteens. I may et through, and if I don't—why then I'll I've done my duty." " No, no, man; if we're to die we'll all die together," was the answer he received. At last the moment came and wore away. Were the wily savages playing possum among the rocks, hoping by stratagem to gain what their courage had not been equal to ? Did they expect the soldiers to believe that they had given up the fight and teft them to make their way back to the camp in safety ? The midday sun, so near the zenith that it failed to cast a shadow, shot down its burning arrows upon the devoted band, whose blood-shot eyes kept watch behind the putrid bodies of their foes. One of the men motioned—for speech was not possible—that he would creep down the pass and see if the Zulus had really gone. His officers did not deter him, for they knew that unless water was to be had shortly few of them would be alive when another morning broke. Climbing over the barricade the brave fellow made his way warily a'.ong until he neared the outlet, then leaning his rifle against a boulder he got down on his hands and knees and crept to the openiDg. Several minutes passed, then his anxious suffering comrades saw him jump to his feet, swing bi3 arms to them, and walk boldly out on the plain. Had the condition of their throats permitted a cheer of victory and thanksgiving would have shaken the boulders of Eorko's Drift. In another moment the entire garrison were swarming down the hill to plurge their fevered faces into the leaping, laughing waters that sported among the rocks. It afterward became known that the three Zulu regiments defeated at Rorke's Drift were fully equipped for a long campaign and were on their way to attack the settlements of Pietermaritzburg and Durban when they came across and followed up the track of the foraging party. The two days' fight so thinned their ranks that the original design was abandoned and the whole Natal territory was thus saved from destruction and the inhabitants from massacre. For their gallant conduct in this affair the two officers were brevetted majors, and honors were awarded to their men.— Harper's Young People. "Don't you believe," said the pious landlady to the boarder, «that all flesh Is grass ? ' " No," hesitated the boarder as he took another hold on his knife, " I think some is leather," The following bit of dialogue is related to have taken place between an ac'or and manager of a fiicce disbanded company ;— Manager— " What do you mean by actually emilirg during the performarce of the death scene, as I saw you do to-night ?" Actor—" I couldn't help it. With the wages we get now death oomea as a hap^y release," 