[?] FATED TO SIN: A JEWISH MUSICIAN'S STORY. ( Cassell's Saturday Journal.) Charter V. — Continiutd. I was handcuffed and led back to tuo Tombs, a crowd following. Epstein joined me in my coll. "How about that key?" ho fle- inauded. ! " I know nothing about it." " How about the blood on ' your handkorohlcf?" " J. uuu b leiuuiiiuui. vvruu|)9| us you suggested, I had a nose-bleed." " You nro suro you did ro-ontor the houBo?" \- " V<8, 1 am sire of that. I went sttaight home and to bed." \- " Then ihc Marshalls have lied out and out?" \- " Thoy have." " Will you tako the stand ?" . " What for?" " Why, to defend, to exonerate' your- solf." "No." " I feared as muoh. My friend, your life diiponds upon it." " What do I care for my life ?" . " But your good name— you' ohbrish vour good name, do you not ?" " No," I replied, stubbornly. Ho attempted to plead, to reason with me. " No, no, no," I insisted. Ho wont his way. " Your honor," he said nest dny in court, " I ask that tho jury be directed . to render a verdict of not guilty, on the ground that tho prosecution has failed to show any raotivo on tho part of my client for the crime of which ho is accused. Whore tho evidence is wholly circumstantial, as in tho present case, a failuro to show motive is fatal." " I shall not hamper the jury," said t tlio judge. "They must decide tho Cass on its merits." ..jjjjavciu iiuiicuy lute juuiiuwoi My landlady took the witness chair and i;. testified to my excellent character. Ho h called a handful more to testify to the i;| same thing ; then said, " I am ready to t; turn up, your honor." | - " Do so," replied the court. £ ; Epstein spoke shortly and quietly. I | remember hiB argument word for word; yet I was hot conscious of attending to P it at the time. t He said: "Wearo not prepared to contest tho matters of faot alleged by .- the prosecution, nor to deny that their bearing is against my client. That Mr, Neaman was in Miss Pathzuol's company on tho night of July 12th, and i- that the next morning a blood-stained handkerchief and a key to Mr. Tikulski's ' door were taken from his pocket, wo admit. Wo will even.admit that these circumstances are of a sort to cast suspicion upon him : all that we claim 1 j that they are not sufficient to confirm that suspicion and mako it certainty, It s. is tho liborty, perhaps the- life, cf a human being which you have at your ii- disposal. No - matter how dark the y shadow over him may be, if you can entertain a reasonable doubt of his guilt, \- _yQtt.must_acquit. And, putting it to you in aU simplicity and sincerity, I ask : Does not the evidence offored by tho prosecution leave room for a reason- -.> able doubt? Is it not possible that fcv. some other hand than Neuman's dealt pi the blows by which Vcronika Pathzuol 6 met her death ? " If such a possibility Mb exists, you must give Neaman the benofit of it ; you must acquit. Consider his good character; consider that he « was tho betrothed of tho lady whose murderer they would make him out to be ; consider that absolutely no traco of fc! motive has been brought home to him ; « consider that, on the contrary, he was iii'r the one man who above all others most % desired that she might livo ; consider III these matters, and then decide whether |!|| in reasonableness his guilt is not in H| doubt. Remember that it is hot suffic- i| ient that there should- be a presumption KAgainst him. Remember that there ii must be proof. Remember also what a !: grave duty yours is, and how grave the If; consequence should you send an inno- mt cent man to the ga'lows. g " Only one word more. I had II, naturally intended to place my olient | upon the stand, and let him justify him- i self by his own word of mouth. But, I' unfortunately, I am notable to do so, | because morally and physically he is f prostrated and nnfittcd for sustaining j: the strain of an examination. But I after all, if you will for a moment imagine yourself in Mr. Neuman's position, you can conceive that his ft defence must necossarily be of a passive, not of an' aotive, kind. In his position what could you say ? Why, only that you were ignorant of the whole trans action, and innocent despite appear ances, and ob muoh at loss lor a solution ' of the mystery involving it as his honor himselif. This is what Neumnn would ft say were he able to go upon the stand i But one thing more ha would say. Ho would impugn the veracity of the ft Marshalls. ' Ho would maintain that they lied in toto when they swore to his ft second entrance He . would ' tell you r that when he left the' house in Fifty- k first Street at midnight, he went directly t home and to his bed, and that ho rc'- t turnod no more until tho next morning, Ift and would leave you to ohooso between |> his story and that of Mr. and Mrs. |j Marshall." My opponent will nsk, h ' Why not prove an alibi, then £' Be- k cause, when Mr. Neuman returned to I- his lodging-houso lato that night, jft everybody, as might have boon expected, was nsleep. He oneountcred no one in I r the hall or on the stnirs. Ho mounted ft , straight, to his own bed-chamber and I; - won't to bed. . ft; - " I trust tho mattor to your discretion. >: I am Bare that you will weigh it care- folly and conscientiously. You will ft i realise that the life of a follow-man , hangs upon your verdict, and you will \- deliberate well, if there-be not, on the I ; whole, a reasonable doubt in his favor. I You will, I am confident; in no uncertain i mind consign Ernest Neuman to the ft i grave of a felon.1.' Tno (llsirjoc-UHornoy s uddruBB Who florid and rhetorical. It lasted about two hours. He reviewed tho evidence. Ho said that nn ordinary process c f elimination would sufiico to fasten tho guilt upon the prisoner at tho bar. Tho ;lst of his argumont was that as Neuman ind boon tho only person in tho victim's company at the time of tho commission of tho crimo, ho was subsequently tho only person who by a physical possibility could bo guilty. He warned the jury against allowing their sympathies to interfere with their judgment, and read at length from ulnw book respecting tho value of oircumstantial proof. He ridiculed Epstein's impeachment of the Marshalls, and added that even without their tostimany the doctor's story and the policc- captnin's story, coupled with my own " eloquent silence," wore con clusive. It was the obvious duty of tho jury to convict, Tho judge delivered his charge, deal ing with the legal aspect of the case. Epstein rose again. " I request your honor," ho said, " to charge that in tho event of the jurymen finding that there is a reasonable doubt in Neuman's favor they must acquit." " I so charge," assonted tho judge. " I request your honor," Epstein continued, " to charge that if tho jury- raon consider tho fact of no motive having been shown, sufficient to estab lish a reasonable doubt of the defendant's guilt, thoy must acquit." . " I so cliargo you, gentlemen," said the judge. Tho jurymen filed out of tho room. Tho judge left the bench. It was now about four in tho afternoon. Half-an- hotir passed. The court-room began to empty. Another . hnlf-an-hour passed. Only the court attendants, Epstein, the district- attorney's colleague, and the prisoner romaincd. One of the attend ants held a whispsred conference with Epstein, then Baid to me,- " There is no prospeot of a Bpeedy agreement. Come." I rose, followed him to the rear of the room, and was looked up in the It got dark. I sat still in the dark and waited. Tho - stnpor bound . my faculties like a frost. It had been dark many hours when tho door of the pen swung open. The same attendant again said, " Come." The court-room was lighted by a few feeble gas jets. The judgo sat on the bench. The distriot-attorney was laughing and chatting with him. Epstein said, " For God's sake, summon all your strength. . Thoy have agreed." : The jurymen entered in single file, took their places, settled themselves in their chairs. The judge and the prosecutor suspended their pleasantries. The clerk cleared his throat. There was a moment of dead silence. Then, " Prisoner, stand up," called the clerk. I stood up. " Prisoner, look you upon the jury. Jury, look you upon tho prisoner," the. clerk oried, machine-like. In the murky light of the gas I could have gathered nothing from the faces of the jurymen, oven had I been concerned' to do so. " Gentlemen of the jury, have you agreed upon a verdict ?" tho metallic voice of the clerk rang out. Tho foreman rose. ' " We have," he answered. " How say you, do you find the prisoner otthe bar guilty or not guilty of the offence for which ho stands indicted ?" " Not guilty," said tho foreman. Epstein grasped my hand . and crunched it bard. His own was olammy. He did not speak. " Gentlemen of the jury, you say you find the prisoner at the bar not guilty of homicide in tho first degreee, and so your verdict stands recorded. Neuman, you are discharged." It was the clerk's last word. I quitted the court-room a free man. I was as indifferent to my freedom as I had been to my peril. There was no consciousness of relief in my breast. Epstein stood at my elbow. " You must be weak and faint," he said. " Come with me." Ho led me through the silent streets and into a restaurant. " This is an all-night place," he'said, with an attempt at cheerfulness,, " and muoh frequented by journalists. What will you have ?" " I am not hungry," 1 answered. ' " Oh, but you must take, something," he urged, with a touch of ruefulness, ".just a bite to celebrate; our victory ." ; , I drank a cup of coffee. When wo were again out-doors, Epstein cried, "Why, see; it is beginning to -get light. . Morning already.'! A fresh wind blew in our faces, and the black ness of the sky was giving place to groy. "I must leave you now," said: Epstein, " nnd hurry Home. Where will you go ?" - " Oh, I don'tknow,"! replied."" I'll stroll about for a while. -.' . Good-bye.'";. " Good-bye.!' ft - Chapter VI. I walked along aimlessly, recounting all the happenings of the last few weeks. I was astonished at my own blank insensibility. "Why, Veronika, tho Veronika you loved, is dead, murdered," I said to myself, " and you, you who loved her, havo been in prison and on trial for tho crimo. They have out raged you. They havo sworn falsely against you. And the very ooro of your life has been torn out. Yot you — what has como over yon ? Are you heartless, havo you no 'oapaoity for grief or indig-. nation ? Or is it that you are still half-stunned ? And that presently you will come to and begin to ' feel?" I strodo on and on. It was broad day now. By and by I looked around. I was in Second Avenue, near its southern extremity. I was standing in front of a large red brick house. A white plaoard nailed to tho door oanglit- my oye. " Room tolot," it said, in big black letters. Room to let?" I repeated. ft " Why, I am in need of a room. , And-I entered the housoand engaged "the room. The landlandy asked my name. I told her it was Lexowi that having -been he muiden-nume of my mother. Neuman had acquired too unpleasant a notoriety through tho published accounts of the trial. As Lexow I havo boon known over since. I employed an express ogent to go to tho Tombs and bring back my luggage. Then I sat at my window and watched the people pass in the street. 1 sat there stock-still all day. I was aware of a vaguo feeling of wrotchedness, of a vaguo craving for a relief which I could not name. As dusk gathered, a lump grew bigger and bigger in my throat. " I am beginning to bo unhappy," I thought. "It is -high time." My insonsibility had frightened as well as puzzled mo. Instinctively, I know it could not last for ever, knew it for the calm that precedes tho storm. I was anxious that the storm should break while I was still strong enough to cope with its fury. Waiting weakened mo. Besides, I was ashamed of myself, hated myself rs one shallow and disloyal. That I could bo indifferent to Veronika's death 1 I, who had called myself her lover I Hut now, as tho lump grew in my throat, now, I thought, perhaps the hour has como. I sat still in my chair, fanning this forlorn spark of hope. In the end, by imperceptible degress, sleep stole'upon me. It was natural, I had been up for more than six-and- thirty hours. When I awoke a singular thing happened. Memory played me a singular trick, 1 awoke, conscious of a great lumin ous joy in my heart.. It was fu'l morning. "Ah," I thought, "how bright the sunshine is I how sweet the air I To-day 1 will go to. Veronika — to day after my lessons— and spend the rest of the afternoon and tho evening at her side I" My heart leaped at this prospect of happiness in store : and I commenced to plan the- afternoon and evening in detail.- At last I jumped up, eager to begin the delicious day. The trick that memory played me was a simDle one. after all. The recent past had simply for the moment been obliterated, and I transported back for a moment into the old time. As I stood now in the middle of the floor, my eye wns struck by tho strangeness of my surroundings. " Why, how is this ?" 1 questioned. " Where am I ?" For a trice I was bewildered, but only for a trice. The truth reasserted itself all at once — rose up and faced me with its grim, deathly visage, as if cleared by a stroke of lightning. All at once I remembered ; and what i3 more, all at once the stupor that had hung like a cloud between me and tho facts rolled away. I looked at my world. It was dust and ashes, a waste space peopled by ghosts. My heart recoiled, sickened, horrified, then began to throb with the pain that had been ripening in its wound ever sinoo the morning when Tikulski pointed to her, stretched murdered upon the bed. Well, at last tho storm had broken ; at last I realised. At last I could no longer reproach myself for a want of sensibility. At last I had my desire. I yielded myself to the enjoyment of it for the remainder of the day. For weeks afterwards I lay at the point of death. The slew convalescence that ensued afforded ine plenty of time to examine my position from every point of view, and to get accustomed to understanding that the light had gone out of my sky. Of course I hated the fate that condemned me to regain my health. Tho thought that I should have to drag out years and years of blank, aimless, joyless life, appalled me. The future was a night through which 1 should be compelled to toil with no hope of morning. Strangely enough, the idea of suicide never once suggested itself. When I was able to go out I repaired to Epstrin's office; " Several' little matters remained to be settled with him. As I 'was about to leave, he said, "Neuman, do you propose to tako any steps towards finding the murderer?" « Towards finding the murderer? Why, no ; I had not thought of doing so." " But of course you will. You won't allow the affair to rest in statu quo!" ! "Why not?" " Why, considering your relations to Miss Pathzuol, ' I should think your motives would be .plain. Don't you want to sea her murderer punished, her death atoned, for ?" " Her death atoned for I Her death can never be atoned : for. And the punishment of her .murderer — would that restore her to- me ? Would that "undo the fact that she'is dead ? Else, why should I bestir myself about it ?" - " Common human nature ought to be enough; tho natural wish to square accounts with bim." / " Do yo'n fancy, ' Epstein, that such an -account as this can bo squared ? Suppose we had him here now at - our meroy, what could we do by. way. of squaring accounts ? Put him to death ? Would that square tho account? To say so would he to compare his miserable life to hers. But besides, he. is not at our meroy. We have ho olue to him." " Yes, on the contrary, we havo." . Indeed ? What is it ?" " Why, the most apparent one. . You aro suro the Marshalls lied ?". . - . " Oh, yes ; I am sure of that," '. "Wall, what earthly-', inducement could thoy havo had for lying — for perjuring themselves, mind you, "and running the risk of being caught and. sent to prison — what, earthly- .ihduoo-. ment, unless thereby they hoped , to cover up their own guilt by .throwing, suspicion upon anothor mari ?" ' .' " Yes ; tlmt.is so. I had not" thought ofthat."- .:;'v-Vr V" Well, now, if you -ahd: L.are sure that tho Marshalls participated in that crime, there is a .solid starting-point. Now, will you not join me, and help to fasten the guilt upon thorn ?" - " What good would it do? I say again, would that: give, her back to me?" ?.- " "But, my dear fellow, 'even 'if you have no desire to -see - : the murderer punished, you must jiu lease wish to , retaliate upon tho wretches who , jeopardised your life by their false , swearing, who sought to thrust upon , your innocent shoulders the brunt of their own offending." "No; I confess I have no such wish." » But — but you amaze me. Have you not the ordinary instincts of a man ?" " It is the business nf tho polico, any how. Let them move in tho matter. You ought to understand that I am sick and tired, that all I wish for is to bo left alone. No, no : if the Marshalls should ever be brought to justice, it will not be by my efforts. The police can manage it for themselves." "But there is just the point." Epstein hesitated ; at length he went on, " There is just the point I want to bring to your notice. It will bo hard for you to hear, but you ought to understand — it is only right that I should tell yon — that — that — why, hang it, tho police will remain idle becauso they suppose they havo already finished the busi- ness—already put tneir linger on tne — the man.". " Well, why should thoy remain idle on that account? Why don't they arrest him and-try him, as they did me, before a jury ?" " You , don't comprehend, Nouman. The faot: of the mattor is — you must pardon me for saying so — the fact is, they still suspect you." ' " Siispeot me ? What, after the very jury has acquitted me? I thought the verdict of the jury was conclusive." " So it is, in one sense. They can't put you in jeopardy again. But this is the way they stand. They say ' We haven't sufficient legal evidence to warrant a conviction, but we feel morally certain-, all the same, and so there's no use pryiag further.' That is my reason for broaching the subject.and for urging you so strongly. You ought to clear your character, vindicate your innocence, by proving to tho police that they are wrong, that the guilt rests with theirown witnesses, the Marshalls." " I thank you, Epstein, for telling me this. I am glad to realise just what my status is. But let me cherish no misconception. Is this theory of the police — is it held by others ?" " To be frank, I am afraid it-is.- The newspapers took it up and — I'm afraid it's the opinion of the public generally." " Then the verdict did not signify ?" " Well, at least, not bo far as public opinion is concerned." " So that Tam to rest under this stigma all my, life ?" " Why, no — not if you ohooso ;to exonerate yourself as I have indicated;" " Ob, I don't care about that. I don't care to exonerate myself. What difference would it make? Would it make the fact that she is lost to me for over one shade less.true ? Only, it is well that I should have a clear' under-, standing of my ' position, and I thank you for giving it to me." - " You don't mean to say thatyoa are going to drop. the case there?" Epstein demanded. "I assure you I never should have opened my mouth about it had I foreseen this." " Don't reproach ' yourself.'' You; have simply.done -your duty. It: was my right to hear this, from you. : Yes, of course I shall drop the case. Good bye." """You will think better of it; you will reconsider it ; you will come back to-morrow- in a wiser frame of mind. Good-bye." ' As I re-entered my lodging-house the landlady met ine, thrust an envelope into my hand, .and vanished. I was surprised to see that tho envelope was addressed to " E. Neuman Esquire." It will be remembered that I had introduced myself as Mr. Lexow. I tore it open. It onolosed a memor andum of my arrears of rent and a notice to quit, tho latter couched thus : " Mr. Neuman's real name having been learned during his sickness, please move out as 'soon as you have paid up."" I caught sight of myself in the glass. " So," I said, " you are tho person whom people suspect as a murderer I - and it is thus you are to be regarded all the rest of your life — as one touched with the plague." I'counted my ready money and paid tho landlady her due. .... " I am very sorry," she began,. "hut the reputation of my house — but the other lodgers — -but — " " You needn't apologise," I inter posed, and .left the house. It occurred to me that it would be necessary to find work, whereby to earn my livelihood. I had quite forgotten that I was poor. .What should I do ?" The notion of giving music lessons again I could not entertain. Music had become hateful to mo. I could not touoh my violin. I could not even un lock the ease and look at tho instrument. It was too olbsaly. .. associated- with the aatise of my sorrow; The mere memory of a strain of musia drifting through my mind was enough to out my throat like a knife. Music was out of the question. I had had a little money - in the sav ings bank. With this sum I had intended to furnish the rooms which she and I wero to have oeoupied ! Now it was all spont ; three-quarters swallowed up by the expenses of my trial, the residue by the oxpenses of my illness and the landlady's score for rent. I opened my purse. I had loss than a dollar left. So it behoved me to lose no time. I must find a moans of sup port at once. But, music apart, - what remained ? My wits were sluggish. Revolving the problem over and over as I walked along, they could arrive at no solution. We wore in December. -The day was bitter cold. I had not proceeded a great distance before the edd began to tell upon me. " I must stop in some where Bnd warm myself;" I said. I was still feeble. I could not onduro tho -stress of the weather as I might' have done formorly. I made for the first shop I saw. . . - ' It was a. wine-shop, kept by a German, as the name above the door denoted. I took a table near the stove and asked for a glass of wine. As my senses thawed, 1 becumc awara that a quarrel was going on in tho room — angry voices penotrnted my hearing. The proprietor, a fat man in his shirt sleeves stood behind tho bar. His face was very red. In his native tongue, loudly and volubly, lie was berating one of his assistants — a waiter with a scared face. " Go, go at once. You are a rascal, a good-for-nought,'.' he was saying, " here is your monoy. Olcar out, boforo I hurt you." Tho culprit- was nervously untying his apron-strings. " Yes, sir, at once, at once," ho shimmered. In the cud ho put oh his hat and accomplished a. frightened exit. . His 'cmfrircs . watched his decapitation ' with depressed sympathy. After ho had gone the proprietor's wrath began perceptibly to mitigate. He settled down' in his choir. The lint of his skin gradually cooled. He lighted a eigar. He picked up a news paper. I had taken in these various proceed ings mechanically, without . bestowing upon them any special attention. But now an idea, prompted by them, began to fructify. By-and-by I - approached tho counter and ventured - a, timid, " I beg your pardon." ; The proprietor looked up. . . . " I beg your pardon," I continued in German, "but you have discharged a waiter?" " Weil ?" he responded. / " Well, you will probably need . some body to take his place ?"' "Well? What of it?" . - . " I — I — that is, if you think I would do, I should like the employment." Tho proprietor looked thoughtful. He scratched his chin, puffed vigorously at his cigar, and asked my name. He shook his head when I confessed that I had had no experience of tho business, but seemed impressed by my l-omark that on that account I would be willing fn coren fnr omnllnr tonrraa TTn mentioned a stipend. - It was ridiculously slender, but what cared 1 ? It would keep body and soul together. I desired no more. " What references can you give ?" he inquired. I mentioned Epstein. " All right," he said. "-Yon can . go to work at once. To-morrow I will look up your reference . If it be satisfactory, I will keep you." : The Oberkellncr provided mo with nn apron and a short alpaoii jacket ; and in this garb Ernest Neuman, musician, merged his identity, as he supposed, for good and all, into that of Ernest Lexow,. waiter. (To. be Continued.) 