THE LASS THAT LOVED A MINER. ' : By. J. MONK FOSTER, Author of " A Pit-Brow LaBsie," "Slaves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," " Queen of the Faotory,"."A Crimson Fortune," "The ■/] White Gipsy," &o.;» &o.; {Published by special arrangementa wlth the author. All rights icaerred.] PART Lt-THE-CALIFORNIA MINE. Chaptee IV.—At. the Fair. It-was a ' Saturday evening early in the last of the autumn .months and, for the time / of "the year, the weather was exceptionally i fine and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or two ago, a full moon of deep yellow . hung low. in the heavenB, and overhead the pale \- stars faintly-twinkled in the gigantio archway •-of the skies. . All the'main thoroughfares leading from_the \- surrounding villages to the town of Holling • ford were orowded with people who were • making' their way — some in carts and -' waggonettes," others on foot:—towards the ■ wide patoh of waste land on whioh Holling .ford pleasure fair was held twice a year. ' Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrach'Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie ! 'Wilson,- and with them were several pairs of • -lads ana lassies from Ambers wood village and ' like themselves all' were bent on a night of ." rollicking enjoyment. \- ' All'the members of the party were in the highest of spirits and as they strolied_ along \- two by two, eaoh lad with his lass on his arm, ! .they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed per • petuaily, arid 'made merry after the thought •. less, light-hearted - fashioD of young folks who have money in-their pockets and plenty of fun . befoip them.. * t- Presently Shadrach and Nannie and their . friends ' entered the ancient-looking and .triangular-shaped market-plaoe of Hollingfo'rd. Here the vehicles were landing the country Ole and the soene presented was one of the ;est kind, for the wide space was_ abso lutely packed'with all . sorts and conditions of townspeople and villagers; all manners and /. kinds of. stalls and hucksters' stands, while the air rang wioh every variety of noise. Butchers were vending their meat in stentorian voices, the sellers of oheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to \- the unsophisticated countrywomen, dealers in -• cocoanuts, fruit, and confeotionery were be lauding their goods in no uncertain tones, \- while men and women, lads and lassies, and ' young children of both sexes pressed hither, • thither, this way and that towards their different destinies. Without much difficulty our party of young friends made their way through this small babel and in a minute or two were going " along Mesnes-lane, the narrow street, void of sidewalk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town, and soon they :. were amidst a great babel, which dwarfed the one they had left into insignificance. To those who are familiar with the Lan caahire fairs held in populous centres the scene . whioh presented itself, to Shadrach. and his \- friends will readily suggest itself, and to those who are not acquainted with such carnivals of \- the masses a few words of description may not ' prove amiss',. The fair ground was. an irregularly-shaped ' piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of • yards long arid'only a trifle less in breadth; it was unpaved and nnsewer'ed and during wet wet weather it wa3 little better than a stretch Df mud, while'in the dry" season it' was only a desert of dust. At the time Shadraoh and the others, paid the place a visit the ground was . hard and dry, the duBt -having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature" of the fair was its clamor. • On every hand arose a confused 'clamor, pro duced by the laughter and ohatter arid excla matioris of the people, the noise of braying bands of lhusic playing in front of the booths, the exhortations of the showman to "Walk up! walk up!" and view the wonders to be ; seen alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter of huge "rick-raoks" swung . in" strong' hands, the screaming of blatant trnmpets and bibulous trumpeters, the sharp : reports of the guns at the "shooting galleries," the rattle of the "little horses," the whirr of , the "flying boats," and other sounds, noises, : discords too numerons to tabulate. Aid then the shows. First and largest was the travelling oircus with its clown, acrobats, bareback riders, and dancing girls—the latter bedizened; rouged, powdered, and capering • about the platform in front of the show to the ■ huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the " galleries of art," big peep ' shows with various pictures; next the ghost shows and conjuring shows,'so Buggsstive of inexplicable mysteries to the simple mind. Next were the shows containing the mam • moth stallion and the miniature pony, the Patagonian giant, the Russian dwarf, and the ; Circassian beauty, all for one. penny; the ' boxing show, where a huge black arid half a dozen yillainons-faced pugiliBts invited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuffs ; ' the pea saloons, where the lads and lasses were regaling themselves with platesful of boiled black peas; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win toothsome morsels by speculating their pence, and halfpence on the . "turning.boards," as the round diso and the ' spinning"pointers were called; while over all was thqghowling, screaming, hooting, hissing, . discordant uproar of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths and the "rest of the party followed as best they could at their heels. Each of the yonng men had a . " pocket full of money," and as eaoh was out with his favored one there was no thought of sparing their well- won cash. \- They went the whole round of the shows, seeing all there was to be seeu_ and ■ enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex ' hausted, they repaired to the swings, to the " tiokling boxes," and the Bhooting ranges, . where numberless pennies were expended in . the vain endeavor to find the bullseye and ring " the bell.' It was while , the yoOhg miners were handling the guns their sweethearts were standing be r hind watching them that one of Nannie's com panions touohed her quietly on the Bhoulder, . remarking in a low tone— " Look over there,' Nannie." , "Where? What is it, Peggy?" the girl asked as she turned round. " There, beside the horses. Don't you see \- him ? It's David Southworth." "Oh, I see him" now," the lass responded. "There he is dodging away.among the orowd. Let him go. I don't care for him and I never " did," Nannie said warmly. " But you should have seen the nasty look on ' his face, Nannie, when he saw us all here to : getber and Shadrach there with us. He just , looked as if he wanted to throttle somebody— . very likely Shadraoh there." " But why should he, Peggy ?' " Because you have chuoked him over, I daresay." "Chuoked him'over! How could I chuok him over when I never kept his company ?" "David used to say you did." " Then he told a lie." - ' " Well, everybody knows that he likes you," : the laBS naiiaed Peggy responded. " An' now that he has seen you with Shadrach he's \- certain to' work you both all the illwill he can." "Let him!" Nannie oried stoutly, feeling , quite safe in her love and her lover's keeping. '"I-cari' take care' of myself and I daresay Shadrach can do as much for himself." As the girl voiced those wordB Bhe swept the crowd around with her eyes and saw Darid Southworth again. 7 He was standing behind a group of red-oheeked and- plnmp bodied'countrywomen, and owing to his great ■ height was looking over their heads straight at Shadraoh Deane, who was just balanoing the gun at his shoulder preparatory to firing. She watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felc instinctively that Southworth's bouI was moved to its worst depths and that he would not soruple while his evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Justus 'that thought flashed through Nannie's mind she Baw David turn, his eye caught her's for a moment, she snubbed him with a look, and he strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends and paid no more heed to the incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so she considered she wsb not .to \- blame for any disappointment he might feel at that moment. Half an hour later, when both the young men and their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and fun. and frolic, they all set their face3 towards home, taking a short cut, which led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland, and sweet-smelling meadows. The great yellow harvest moon was now ! sailing nigh in the dark vault above and the peaceful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the-young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel'with the world. "They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and gingerbread, and the company of their lovers. The dock in the tower of the village church at Amberswood wa3 striking 11 when Shadrach Deane and Nannie Wilson said good-night to each other at the corner of the Box and Goose. They had parted and each went homeward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone's throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall-lane for the dis tance of half a mile. There were no lamp3 in the lane and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, but under the trees the shadows were thick and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swinging carelessly along, oblivious of every thing but his own pleasant thoughts, Shadraoh was not a little startled when a man's figure glided—almost sprang from the shadows and a deep voice exclaimed— "Is that you, Shadrach Deane? Wait minute, for I want to speak to you." . "Hello, David, is that you?" Deane re sponded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momentary shook and recognised the man he had snatched from death. "Yes, it's me, Shadrach,'' the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came to a standstill. "I'm,glad to see that you are all right again, David. I suppose you've started work at last, I heard so. " That's not what I want to talk about,' Southworth Snapped out, in an aggressive tone. "What is it, then?" Shadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his fellow miner's presence there. "It's right about to-night—about you and Nannie Wilson 1 What claim had you to take her to the fair ? What right have you to come between her and me ? That's what I want to know, Shadraoh Deane?"7 Southworth ejacu lated. " You've no right to ask me such questions, Southworth—at least, I think not." • " Haven't I ? Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now " " She is mine !" Shadrach added firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly, "Is she? Don't be cocksure about that. You've me to reckon with before that job is settled." " But if Nannie doesn't care for you ?" "She used to care for me—would have cared for me still but for your interference. I am very sorry now, lean tell you, Shadraoh Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my life to you," Southworth said bitterly. " I'm sorry also that anything should have come between us." "If that is so you can easily mend matters." "How?" "By keeping away from the lass altogether —as you ought, to have done all long. Didn't my brother tell you that Nannie and me were keeping company ?" - ; " He did tell me and I believed what he said at the. time. But now " "What now?" " I know he told me a lie." " How do you make that out.?' "I.will tell.you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings, in regard to her I asked her if it were true that she was engaged to yourself." "And what did she say ?" _ " 1" Shefienied it most emphatically and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she oared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself j I spoke and now the girl is engaged to me." '"You mean to marry her then ?" " I do, as soon as I oan make her a com fortable home," Shadrach replied. "And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live," David Southworth hissed in husky tones.' " Before I'd Bee her the wife of another man I'd shoot her—and the man too. I mean it, Shadraoh Deane, by heaven I do, so you can's say I've not warned you." With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off and Shadrach pursued his homeward journey. 