Christ—the Pall and Bise of Xffany. Br Bet. a H. Spotkko:*. * Behold, this child Is set for the fall and rising: ftyrfn of many in IsraeL"—Lake iL 3L The great practical doctrine before as is this. ♦>,*£ wherever Jesus Christ oomcs, with whom* soever He may come in contact, He is never ■witioat influence, never inoperative, but in every »««* a weighty result is produced. There is about : the holy Jesus a power which is always ! in operation. He is not set to be an unobserved, i inactive, si umbering personage in the midst of Israel; but He is set for the falling or for the ; rising of the many to whom he is lcnown. Never ; does a m*" hear the Gospel hut He either rises or falls under that heating. There is never a pro clamation of Jesus Chmt (and this is the spiritual coming forth of Christ himself) which leaves r ~ ~ precisely where they were; the Gospel is sun have some effect upon those who hear it. "Wirr is This, Tncii Yotr! 1\. Is it not, first, becauso of the_ energy which I dwells in the Lord's Christ, and ia the Gospel ■which now represents Him among men? The Gospel it all lite and energy, like Jcsvcn it heaves and ferments with inwari energy, it cannot rest ±fll it leavens all around iL Itmsy be compared to salt, which must permeate, penetrate, and season that which is subject to its influence. Paul oompares the preaclilngof Christ to a sweet* smelling savour. Now, you cannot say to a per* *'3e quiet; do not load the air with sweets; do not affect men's nostrils." It cannot do otherwise, the fragrance must fill the chamber. Even so, Christ must be a savour, either of life onto lite, or of death unto death: but c must be wherever He comes. It is i possible for you to restrain the working of the . Gospel than to forbid the action of fire, tJtaad before the fire, it shall warm and comfort you; thrust your iiand in it, it shall burn you. .Keep that fire in its proper place, it shall yield yon abnodant service; cast forth the firebrand it shall consume your house, it shall . from our sight at this moment, yet for ever docs it pour faith, as from a furnace mouth, its heat and light. Nor could it cease to burn sad shine. unless it ceased to be a sun. As long a son, ft muss permeate surrounding space with its influence ana splendour. Bo you wonder that the Sun of Righteousness is of yet Diviner energy ? Bo you marvel that whether the blaze of h?« _ blinds His enemies, or ttTs warmth of dries the teats of His friends, in every I void, it prospers even in that for which the Ziord hath sent it. Jesus in the Gospel cannot e to work. "Mr Father worketu hitherto. and I work." The Father in providence pauses I siot, nor does the Son oeasc from the work of grace. *. Moreover, be it remembered that Jesus Christ and HisUospel are matters of such prime neces sity to mankind, that from cause also there must always be an effect produced by Christ. Consider other matters that are of first necessity to humanity, and my meaning will be clear. Here is the air; I breathe it. What then? Why. 1 live. I cannot breathe it without obtaining this grand result. The lunga receive the air. the blood is supplied with orvgea. life is sustained. \- Suppose I refuse to breathe the air, what then? Will there be any remirkablo* effect produced! Shall I be sickly ? Shall I be a little faint!. Shall I be somewhat less energetic ? No, j ■ I must die. Breathing, I live; refusing to breathe, I dia. 80 the Lord Jesus is'as necessary to our souls as the atmosphere to our bodies. If we receive Christ Jesus we live; we cannot re ceive Him without living by Him. If we wfll not receive Him, wo must die. It is unavoidable that it should be so. -.You cannot reject the Saviour and be a little damaged thereby; there is no alternative but that you utterly perish. Take r life from you. You may, if you wflL try to impose upon others, but. whether watched 0. watched, you shall die if you will not cat. 80 I ordained is it by wise decree that there .1VJ living without food; let but the space of time be long enough, and death must be inevitable to those who will not eat. So is it with Christ, Who is the bread sent down from heaven. Receive Him, you have all that your soul wonts to sustain it; reject Him, and there is neither in heaven r in earth anything that can supply your soul's lack. I might instance the water that 1 indeed anything else that is not » UA luxury, or of artificial want, but which is abso lutely needful to human life: sh such things become operative for good or ill, according as you accept them or reject them. 80 must it neces sarily be Christ* 3\. We may add that the position in which Jesus Christ meets man makes it inevitable that He must have an effect upon them. I shallnot speak of the heathen Who hear not of fflw, nor of our tmhappy heathen around us who will not hear of 1 But concerning you who have heard of I Christ, I assert that in your case the Lord Jesus I has met with you on occasions where to accept or I to was to make a crisis in j'onr being. He I was right ia your way. It was one Sunday even ing when the Holy Ghost was with the preacher; , £rir 1!a8 01X6 <ky when your father had just been buried; or, women, it was one night when your dew babe had just been taken from your bo«< and laid upon the bed of death. Youmay readi.y 1 recall the occasion. Christ came right ia your night stumble over Him, make *T»'m to be to yourself a rtck of offence, or you must then and there build on Him and accept Him as your souls confidence. I believe that suoh a time of decision comes to all hearers of the Word Si°HSh? o woteUi,^™Uy h?ird "• An4 wh™ . 1 ilplj Ghost enable, ia tan time forth to 2E£n£il! Bedeemartobothegronnaol our soul's confluence, oh, what a joy it is! But If ire are reject 0hri3t eliall not have 'SSEoEEfc? • irrat rl strain upon conscience. TOfhouthaving done Tiolence to everything good slLa\1 not h*ve etumbled at Chrtrt UbbSJm°5»eVlst.Xe s"imbllng at the ?'°<1\. at the greatest token of the a Jove, stumbling at the only thing which could deliver us from the wrath to come and ensure us an eternity of iov. Thus, you see. becauseChrist cornea to us at the imp irtant crisis ofourdife. He, therefore, cannot be indifferent to ns. He must make u, either to fall or rite. _t.. Again, ,et me observe that the Lord. sras *P^iutod toi this vor aL^sJ^Sdthlllo USE' .He was set for the fail and rising again oi l4 ™ to this v<S?SdIto ^10. Beethohnsbandinan take the fan. You fi'UU, H mingled wheat and chaff mdfiStm ? i He hesiue to move the fan to ltollf^th?8^,00^ °nd tUer<> " remaina by & |1 oPS? c^fe TTrte<«p^ftcluilg 01 the G°speL 8uoh is SSh he Be,Par»t«r of those who will ^ ** eared. The fin leMfiSd lt "J®*18 the worth* ■ J+% JS?**5 ™ ^ Precious. Thus hath canst thefaa la ttu hand? Or m.. metaphor, which we find ia the prophets ^^ido the day of His ooming ? nm) ^ho shall Stand when He appeareth ? for HefilJoa filler's fire, and like fuller's soap." You see the. refiner's fire. Notice how it boras and bUzea., < Now* it turns to a white heat; you cannot hear j to look oh It. TThat has happened! Why the j 'dross is divided from the stiver* and the a1 Joy from the gold. The refiner's fire separates the precious from the vile. And so the Gospel rdvcals the men who accept it are.precious ones of God* wu elect* His chosen * the men who reject it are the reprobate silver. Mark, too, the fuller's soap. The fuller takes his soap, and exercising his craft npon yonder piece and the fair fabric alone remains. Both spots and linen feel the power of the soap. Bo doth the gospel take the polluted fabric of humanity and cleanse it: the filth departs and flies before it. and the fnir linen remains. Such aro the saints of God. When the gospel comes to thorn they aro purified thereby* while the tricked, as foul spots, are driven away in their wickedness. •. J Thus I have shown you that it is not possible for Christ to come anywhere without working some result. 1 would impress upon each of yon f that it is not possible for Christ to come'to you without effecting a result in you. Christ must Who are those that fall by Christ! I. la Christ's dnv the questioa was not difficult to answer. Those who fell by Christ were, first of all, the holders of tradition. There were certain persons who always pleaded,M It was *aid by them of old time." They quoted some saying of Rabbi Word of God. often bo as to take the very 3 ins? out of the decalogue itself, and moke the traditions of men a higher authority than the commandments of God. Now, oar Lord j Jesus Christ laid the axe at the root of this j evil tree: for often and often did Ha say, "It is said by them of old time, but I say unto yon." He denounced their makingyoid the Iaw ofrGod-l through their traditions. He took'o besom and relentlessly swept away the old cjbwobs of what authority of antiquity. Much such work is there for Him to do in this our day, when the teaching of tradition is against profaning the hoose of God: and, my brethren. Ho will surely do it. and tradition will yet again fall before the ever-living "Word. 2\. There also f'll by our Lord's hand the extcr- ' nelists. These men made much of washing their hands before tbeynto bread, they thought it a great thing to make broad tue borders of their garments, they were peculiarly attentive to their phylacteries, they carefully used strainers to keep Hies from getting Into their wine, lest v.. clean animals should touch their lips. But the Master in his Ministry made short work of them, j Ye blind fools, said He, yo strain at gnats, end ye swallow camels. How He held up to scorn their long prayers, and vain pretcscee, their tithing of enmtmn. and their devouring of widows' houses ! Never could they forget the simile of the cup and platter, washed with' ut but foul within, nor that of the whitewashed sepulchre, so fair to the eye. and yet so fall of rottenness. " Woe ujito you," smd He, *' Scribes. Pharisees, hypocrites." And with that word Me swept away tho whole empire of extern alls m, and mode men see the vanity of outward religiousness while the hcartisuorencwcd. How forcible are those words, 44 Not that which goeth into the mouth defile th a man; but that which cometh out of the mouth, this defiletha man." The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but joy in "tho Holy Ghost. Oh. far an hour of our Lord's presence to lash the formalism of to-day; but, be of good cheer. His. gospel will do it yet 3\. The blaster at the Kane time made to fall all . the self-righteous. . They conceived, to them whan He told that famous parable of tho Pharisee and the publican, who went up to the temple to pray; how that proud man, who thanked God, be was not as other men, went to J his hoose without peace; -while the humble sinner, who confessed himself unworthy to lift his eyes to heaven, went to' his house justified of j God. Oh. it was a grand swocp the Master made of ecifrighteousncss to the days of Hi< flesh! 1 Why, one would think that where Christ \ . Pharisee must have half wished to pull off his phylactery* and hide the broad border of his garment. Small matter for his pride was it to stand away and profess to bo better thAn other i* while Jesus of Nazareth tore off the mask and revealed the heart. 4 Jcsosour Lord was also the fall of the wise acres of His day. There were the lawyers; they scribes; .what diligent students had they been. which the middle word. • They knew the size and length of each bonk, and tney had written notes, matchless for wisdom, upon every pas sage; and they wore expert in muddling the sense of every passage aud making the words mean what they were never intended to teach. Diligentstadents of the letter these doctors of divinity, these scribes of Christ's day. and yet He nonplussed tham witha question so simple that a child should be able to answer it—4* David to your law called the Messias Lord, how is He then his son!" They could not reply to Him; and if they had been able to answer that one question, yet could He have asked them many more by which all the boost!oilv wise for44 He taketh the wise to their own craftiness. 