FICTION DEFERRED UNIONS. (by J. MACDOWALL CONROY.) My cousin Matilda and I were orphans, living with our aunt, who had come out from home to take care of us. We had a couple of hundred a year each, of which Aunt Maria drew what little she wanted for her own use, for she was an old maid of five and thirty, and, of course, required nothing, in our opinion, but clothes enough to keep her warm. Besides, she had no pets of any kind, cats, dogs, or chilblains. She was a slight little woman, with the re- served manner and low voice of many of the home ladies, attributes, I think, not so generally found among us Aus- tralians as among them, and we often : used to admire her hands and feet and her perfect little figure, laugh at her shy, blushing face and timid eyes, and agree that, years ago, she must have been a very lovely creature. Matilda, who was twenty-five, allowed her seven years back, but I who was seventeen, and already engaged, plunged her era of girlish beauty into the depths of antiquity. We thought that she dressed in rather a quaint manner, as, indeed, we thought became one of her time of life, but I am since of opinion that she clothed herself in that almost Puritani cal simplicity of costume of which I now know to be so common among the real ladies of some of the older countries, and so uncommon among the sham ones everywhere. She was, in fact, a dear, unassuming little thing, and Matilda, who declared herself to be devoted to Shakspeare, and, I know, had read some of 'Macbeth' often said that aunt wore her heart upon her sleeve, and lightly wondered that no human jack daw had ever pecked at it. We all three led a very lonely life, living in my large house about ten miles from town, and hardly ever seeing, a soul except my Robert and his people, who lived a couple of miles away. Just then, too, the new railway was being made near our place, and the navvies use to scare us out of our wits. Old George, our factotum, was useless as a protector, and our fruit used frequently to be stolen off the trees, on one occa- sion, before our very eyes. Indeed, we were quite harassed with daily frights and nightly terrors ; and, as our guardian would not hear of our leaving the house, we thought we would try to get somebody to protect us. So aunt wrote off to an agent, instructing him to look out for a gentleman and his wife, or an elderly gentleman, to lodge with us. Many were our speculations as to the kind of champion we could get, and many more, as to the kind we could not; until aunt, stimulated by her fears, declared that nobody would come to the place for love or money, upon which we determined to await the issue of our venture with the patience of three Jobs. But we had not long to wait; for, very soon afterwards, an unwonted ring was heard at the bell, which caused a great skirmishing in the house. I thoughtlessly skipped to open the door, but saw under it a man's muddy boot, decidedly not Robert's—besides, all our friends came in through the side garden —and I ran to tell aunt, whom I met hurrying out of the kitchen. Matilda skurried from the dining-room to join us, and Lucy—our maid—rushed out to the orchard to call old George, and was seen no more for a season. Matilda and I at once decided that aunt should open the door, because, though she was in morning undress, that did not mat ter to one of her age ; so she nervously advanced to the hall, guarded by us. As, however, she reached her hands to wards the door haudle, a second and loud peal of the bell so startled Matilda and me, that we ran away to our room, leaving aunt to defend herself alone. We heard the hall door open, and, after a moment shut; then the front draw ing-room open and shut too, and heard nothing else for a least a quarter of an hour, near the end of which time we had almost come to the conclusion that aunt had been noiselessly assassinated in the drawing-room and that our turn would shortly come, But our alarm was lessened when we beard aunt's timid 'hems!' and a quiet, firm foot fall in the hall, and then aunt came into our room with a face as red as a peony, and asked us to go round with her and show the stranger the house. We saw that she could hardly speak from agitation, but as she did not seem in bodily fear we apprehended no im mediate danger and followed her. She timidly introduced the stranger to us, much to our surprise, until she explained that she had known him some years before in the old country. He was a very tall man, with a light brown beard, and a very pleasant, quiet man ner which set me at my ease at once, and his large, speaking eyes, and grave, handsome face made him certainly a very attractive man under any circumstances, and especially so in our quiet neighbourhood, where we hardly saw a presentable young man except Robert, who, indeed, at this moment I wished to be a little older, for he was only twenty and looked quite boyish. Our visitor explained to us that he had not been very long in Australia, that he was a civil engineer by profession, and that he was at present one of the contractors for the new railway, and proposed —if aunt would permit him—to take up his residence with us for about three months so as to be close to the works in progress near our place. It will probably never be known what Matilda thought of all this, but this is what she said, 'I do not think there could possibly be any objection to him. With a woman of aunt's age to take care of us, nobody would have the assurance to make any remarks, especially as old George's widowed sister must come to live with us to help Lucy.' This was in reply to my expressed doubt about the pro priety of having a young man to live in the house, with which doubt aunt had nervously complied. Our visitor, however, called once or twice after- wards, and we all became so friendly that he seemed to take the matter out of our hands, and in short, objection or no objection—be came to live with us. Never shall I forget that first painful night when our visitor (for so I shall call him) come to the house ! No more quakings all night, the three of us, and sometimes the girl, huddled together in one room with our hearts generally in our mouths, though frequently in our boots. No ghosts peering at us from everjr dark corner. No burglar fallen asleep and groaning softly under the bed, and no cows lying on one's chest, and lazily gazing on the bed clothes, The sense of peace and security was rapturous, and told much to the ad- vantage of our protection. He brought with him great rolls of plans and boxes of papers, and had one of the rooms fitted up as an office. The railway people were constantly coming to consult with him, and a great stir was created about the house, which as sumed quite an air of business instead of its former quietude. He worked very hard, either indoors or out, usually till 10 at night; after which time we all used to have a friendly chat in the drawing-room, and aunt's shyness used sometimes be overcome enough to en able her to play the piano for us; for she was a good musician, and used to play beautiful classical pieces, of which we would not so much as find out the airs, unless she played them for us first. Our visitor seemed to admire aunt's playing very much, and would always have turned over the music for her, un til she stopped him, by explaining that she generally made mistakes when any one stood near her, which, to do her justice, she always did ; for very little agitated her. 'She should accustom herself to speak the truth,' said Matilda to me, that night, in our room. ' She likes him to be near her, and pretends it make her nervous. She is silly enough naturally, added Matilda bitterly; but she cannot be so insane as to think of his admiring her. Why he is only a boy compared with her !' Aunt is sensible enough,' I said. And you know very well that it would be impossible for a woman of her years to fall in love. I should think so, indeed!' said Matilda, decisively. Then it is not right of you to jeer at her, as you have been doing latterly, I continued. ' She is getting afraid of the very sight of both him and us. One would think you liked him your self, to hear the way you blamed her if be only speaks politely to her, though she never rises her eyes to his face. 'Perhaps you admire him ?' retorted Matilda. ' I would not take the man if he was studded with diamonds !' she vehemently added. ' Time enough to refuse him when be asks you,' I said angrily. 'Worthless as he is,' said Matilda, turning crimson, ' Worthless and ugly as he is, he is too much of a gentle man to insult me so grossly as to ask me!' 'Dear me!' I quietly returned, 'I pity the poor fellow' only I'm sorry I can't cry.' But I did cry soon afterwards, at the end of our quarrel, which travelled all round the compass. Matilda, how ever, shed no tears. She would have made a fine man; and so I told her. 'A finer one than Robert, at all events!' she answered, whereupon I was compelled to retreat by water; and we spoke no more till next morning. About two months after the arrival of our visitor he went away for a second time, saying that he would return in about a fortnight, or sooner; and, as good luck would have it, a few days afterwards a letter was re ceived by aunt, from one of her friends up the country, who was ill, and wished very much to see her. I say 'good luck," because aunt's being away obliged Matilda and me to stay with Robert's parents during the ten days of her absence, leaving old George, his his elderly sister and Lucy to fight as best they could all the ghosts, which had at once returned on finding that our visitor was away. I remember as if it was yesterday the evening of aunt's return, near tea time. We actually screamed with joy ful surprise at the alteration her trip had made in her appearance. ' How well you look! How young you look ' we cried. Every trace of the small crowsfeet had vanished. Her cheeks were as pink and smooth as rose- leaves ; but I noticed that her gentle, shy eyes were almost filled with tears as I stopped to kiss her. I fancied too that as usual she was al most afraid to look at Matilda's face, and that the corners of her mouth were twitching a little, as indeed was not uncommon with her. But the wonderful change in her appearance took almost all our attention; and we were delighted to have her home again. We soon got her and her boxes into ber room, and began to question her at a great rate. But she begged us not to ask her anything, and said that she must have half-an-hour's rest, and that she would tell us all the news at tea time. And so we left her to her self, and went into our visitor's office, which faced the setting sun, in order ; to inspect the presents she had brought us. To our great surprise and plea sure we found our visitor sitting in his room, as if he had never left it, and poring over his correspondence; and Matilda so engrossed in looking at her presents, and she nearly fell over him, as she ran to the window. He explained that he had just come from town on one of his engines, and had walked over from the railway; and asked us to give him a full half-hour before ringing the tea bell; which, of course, we agreed to do. We then went on to the verandah, and, as I no ticed that Matilda's lips looked rather colourless, I suggested the application of a little rose lip-salve, which I looked up after the tea-table; so she went to her room. Well the bell rang, in the twilight, aunt came quietly into the room, our visitor handing her a chair with great attention ; and presently Matilda also came; and in the midst of our meal we had the lamps lighted, as it was by that time, rather dark. My aunt spoke very little, and in almost a whisper; but our visitor was in excel lent spirits, speaking and even laugh ing a great deal for him, and as the lights burned up, I fancied that I saw aunt gave a timid look at him; and I was sure that Matilda at once noticed it, for she looked at me and smiled rather superciliously, and I, looking at her, smiled, because I saw a pink stain of lip-salve on her own chin; and our visitor evidently noticed it also, for he smiled quite roguishly. My aunt blushed very much, as usual, and said, " What are you all amazed at?" upon which we all laughed, poor Matilda more merrily than any of us, and declared that we were laughing at nothing. But just then, aunt noticed ; Matilda's chin, and smiled, too, say ing, "Matilda, dear, take that little speck of jam off your chin with your , handkerchief," which Matilda instantaneously did, with a very red face indeed. ' I am glad to have afforded you some amusement,' she said, with an angry look at me, and a still more angry one at aunt, who seemed to shrink under it as if she had been struck, but still had power to say playfully, " One's sins are sure to come out, dear. You have been stealing the jam, you see." But Matilda would not see. 'You know very well it is not jam,' she said with forced playfulness. You know it is red lip-salve, which we all use sometimes.' And then she laughed rather hysterically I thought, and con tinued, ' I suppose when I am as old as—as some people, I shall have to do as they do, and use rouge too.' (To be Concluded in our next issue.) 