THE BISHOP OF BATHURST IN ENGLAND. The Right Rev. Dr. Gmnidgv, biahop of Iiuthurat, Austr«l.u, preached at tlio Wakoliohl Cuthedrol on Sunday morning and again in tho oveoiog, the collections being in aid of a sum required to replug ; »mw gvvugg, uouui Lwoivo iu uumuvr, dislodged from the north side of the Catbudrul duriug a severe gule last year. 'A here were large congregations, uspecmlly at uight, when the chureh-wardeos experienced considerable difficulty in accominodnt- ing tho largo asssemblage of wnrsliipp.-rs. The singing |of the choir was a special feature of thu services, and reflect! ornHt pm.1 1 1 imnn \i > Feacoek, the choirmaster. At the morning service Dr. Laiuidge selected as his text— Joshuu iii,, 17 j— "Aud the priests that bare the Ark of the Covenant of the L rd stood firm on dry grouud in the in.dst of Jordan, aud all the Israelites passvd over ou tlry ground until all tho people were passed clean over Jorduu." In the course of his icrmon tho rev. prelate remarked that he had seen many ohaoges in connection with that Church, haviug speut live years there himself — years which wero brightcuod by the kindness and utiectiuu of many dear friends-somo of whom, ho rejoiced to know, wore present that morning. Tho real thing which seemed to predominate in his mind wu« the thought of ouo who was near and dear to himself, his late father, who for 19 years worked uniougst them as vicar of that parish, and to whom tliev owed some httlo for having that beautifully restored cuthedral iu which to worship. At the close of his sermon, he urged upon his hearuia the iiocessity of making tho cathedral prc-ciniiieutly hiautuul. Ho wa» told that somethiug like £I5U aah required for tlio wotk, und he therefore siinnlv left the mutter with them. Au tho evening the hishop preached from the words — "Iu the i.ntne 7 tl'o twthvr, and of the «ou, mid of the Holy Ghost — Matthew xxviii. 19. In t|>e course cf Ills remarks hu suid that some three years n. .0r..ll18 I'i-oT »ca? ,,niui8lcr ftmougst thorn (iu year I80S) he laid the foundation stone of thut iiiuguitieeut tower in the name of tho Father, Son, awl Holy Ghost ; wheu the time ou.no and it w«I necessary to pull dowu und rebuild the tower the spire, ouo equally uoitr mid dear to him also placed Ulvfumidut.o" «t„„0 „„ tt.o t.nvvr in tho uamo of Fotbor. ion uud Holy (J|,„.t ; uml ivhon the tower wua alt hut completed to 1880 (? ISU0), in it. pre.ent splendnl proportion., then it wua, usci-nd- ing the luddere out.ldo the npire, tlmt lio himself wa. abio to lower lite t..p atone in tlio name of tlio bwtlier, tiou, and lloly GliObt. — Tho offelturiea for re £40yi3a Od! WCn> 'r %b ,am>' umuuute<1 