HAMPTON COXJRT HAUNTED. Mr. Henry Lucy, in his latest London letter, writes:— " Hampton Court, built by Cardinal Wolsey, with its red brick front tenderly toned by time, and its old-world garden, is one of the most beautiful things within easy access of London.. It has now taken on a new charm, for it is said to be haun ted. Housemaids going about: their or dinary vocations have ' seen, things,.' and elderly ladies whose widowhood has been soothed by free quarters in the old palace are saying that, cherished as isJthfe? privi lege, they will be obliged to relinquish it nnd j 4>D a hjnmbler, abqde. ^here spooks cease from troubling and earlier tenants are kt rest. It is rid new story this about ghosts at Hampton Court. It is recurring at intervals, going back to Stuart times. A dozen years ago there was a scare in the place, arising from the fact that two of the most reputable ladies having suites of rooms in the palace had seen and heard a visitant whom by her dress and partly-concealed face they re cognised from a portrait as Catherine Howard, one of Henry VIII.'s wives, who for a while before she lost her head was lodged at Hampton Court. When seen on two several occasions by these ladies Queen Catherine was standing by the great Btaircase wringing her hands and piteously sobbing. A more familiar ghost at Hampton is that pf another of King Henry's wives, Jane Seymour. There is a story revived just now at Hampton Court, and eagerly told in circles on visiting terms with the denizens, which lacks nothing in picturesque detail. Twenty years ago there was heard in the palace the sound of a spinning-wheel. No spinning-wheel was in view, and in the particular quarter where, night after night, the unmistakable sound was heard, there was no chamber that might contain one. The noise seemed to come from behind a dead wall. So persistent were the assertions anent this mysterious noise, that authority was obtained for piercing the wall, which it was found bricked up a small room, in which stood a spinning-wheel. Old plans of the building showed that this hitherto un suspected room had been the private apartment of Queen Jane. I tell this as it is gravely told me, but strongly suspect that the recrudescence of the ghost scare has something to do with the ruthless action of the First Commissioner of Works. Though the greater part of the old palace is allotted to the use of widows of more or less eminent men who find favor in the eyes of the Queen, the ordi nary public are still privileged, at stated hours, to pass through the picture gallery and loiter in the garden." 