A CRY DF DESPAIR FROM &BERIA.; A RUSSIAN EXILE DEPICTS THE MISERIES OF THE PRISONERS. 1 A Russian political prisoner in exile in I Siberia wrote to a friend in European j Russia depicting the miseries of his life in 'this forgotten and God-forsaken Arctic , den, beyond the boundaries of civilisation.' The letter, which is published in thc cur rent number of Free Russia, took six months in running the gauntlet of the Czar'6 argus-eyed officials. It is dated June, 3693, at Kolyrosk, a Siberian town of 600 inhabitants, located far to the north. ' During the firat period of my life here,' writes the exile, ,k 1 thought it would be an interesting work to send to my friends more or less detailed accounts of thc pecu liar conditions of life into which we, a little handful of Earop *ans, have suddenly been thrown — conditions to which wc are as unfit to adapt ounelves as a little body of civilised travellers shipwrecked on the coast of Greenland would be to arrange their lives in accor-lauce wish the habits and circumstances of the native Esquimaux. But most of my manuscripts never reached the persons to whom tbey were sent, and now even the desire to write them is gone. My own amazement at the extraordinary surroundings here has grown fainter and fainter. ' Life in Kolynisk sucks everyone down into itself. It seems to mc now like a far off dream that somewhere in the world t liore arc big towns, filled with people, with large shops, with houses of several storeys, with pavements on which large crowds of people go to and fro ; that there are lands were the rivers begin to flew in February and do not freeze till November ; where, instead of snow-covered swamps, there are ficldB with thick, standing corn and grass; landB where there are woods and gardens, with green leaves on tbe trees ; where the people live on bread and varied vegetable food. For us, reality consists of a perpetually frozen desert, covered with 'little hillocks and overgrown with stunted larches, which (^n hardly force their roots through thc eternally frozen soil; a cold and filthy yurta, hardly fit to be called a human habi tation, even by people accustomed to the poverty-stricken cabins of the' Russian peasantry , for food, rotting fish ; for clothing, such rags, as are left of our European dress, and rough native garments I of half-cured skins ; for the rest, solitude, silence, aud lifeles&ness.; 1 think the ghosts 1 that .wandered mournfully along thc banks I of the Acheron, lamenting aloud for their lost earthly life, must have fell what wc feel, dragging out our lives alone on the banks of the River Kolyma. Tbe utter lack of all aim or interest, forgetfulnesB of the past, and indifference to the present, are steadily taking hold upon ub all.' 