MOREE. The appointment of a Parliamentary Select Com mittee to inquire into the mining laws with a view to making necessary amendments ib one of the best pieces of business of the present Parliament. The Premier cordially approved of Mr. A. Chapman's laws of the country were out of date. This com mittee will doubtless approve of the immediate abolition of the leasing system on auriferous reef ing country. The import by Mr. S. W. Scott, of Bogamildi, of 100 Lincoln rams, shows not only that our pastoralists are abreast with the times towards suitable Bheep carcasss for export but that the ' pure merinos' will have to be re-christened. The members of the Church of Christ held a baptismal ceremony ia the bed of the Mehi River on Sunday afternoon, when Miss Cook, of Ezzy's Crossing, was enrolled amongst the faithful. After singing, prayer, and an address by Mr. Button on the Bacred character of the rite about to be per formed, Miss Cook, accompanied by Miss Hodson, retired to a tent erected close to the water's edge, where she disrobed and re-emerged clad in a lilac coloured garment. Mr. Button then entered the river and waded about a bit fco see that there were no obstructions or broken bottles at the bottom, then returned to the tent, and, grasping the young lady's hand, escorted her into a depth of 30 inches of water, when after making the usual formula ' I baptise thee in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' sup ported Miss Cook by the shoulders and let her in cline backwards until head and body were completely immersed. The young lady was then led out of the water to the tent, appearing in a few minutes in her usual habiliments. Whilst the ceremony was in progress the church members present Bang a very touching, pathetic melody, Mr. bhn Hudson conducting. — — — ? — i Some Parliamentary returns relating to artesian borea have apparently lately been printed. Such information, which is so valuable to stockowners and others, does not reach the light of day in the metropolitan or country press. It is especially valuable as treating on wool scouring with artesian watar. As a matter of political economy greasy wool should be subject to an export duty, but un fortunately few wool-scourers have thoughb it worth while to study chemistry; they have occasionally used waters and soaps which by their chemical action have destroyed the wool operated on. Wool needs chemical analysis in order to determine the quality 'and quantity of yolk, as this changes with the alterations in pasture owing to the nature of the soil. The majority of colonial scoured wool has been deteriorated in value owing to the ignoranco of the scourers in this direction ; consequently it is not in demand, and manufacturers agents' prefer to purchase greasy wool and scour it at their own establishments in foreign countries. Thus the work proper to our own labour has been lost to it. It will take a long while to restore confidence, and the amount of money thus annually lost to wool Bcourers and their labourers would make a big total. At the French wool scoum, the yolk and foreign matter is precipitated, and becomes a very valuable manure. The bore has been deepened to 1300 feet, still in blue shale. It is rumoured that the site for a bore in place of one at Boggabilla has been fixed at tbe Gil-Gil crossing on the new stock route, 25 miles from here towards Boggabilla, and that a bore will also shortly be put down at Wallon. Geological Surveyor Stonier returned to-day from inspecting tne country in the direction of Maiden's, Slaughterhouse Creek, and Terry-Hie, and proceeds to Bogabilla. A wedding ceremony was celebrated this evening by Rev. A. Stephen (Wesleyan), the principals being Miss Goldly, oi Pallamallawa, and Mr. James Finn. Some remarkable petrified fossils were handed me to-day by Mr. John Hodson, who found them some years ago while sinking a well for Mr. Donaldson between Mungie Bundie and Terry- Hie-Hie runs. These were found in the clays between the 65 to 80 feet levels. One piece of the jaw bone shows 3 grinders ; an incisor tooth was 5 inches long when found, and there are some Ioo3e molars ; the large piece of jaw bone is 3 inches in depth, 2 inches in uuiuituBBB, uuu must nave ueen wnen wnoie nearly 15 inches in length, and have belonged to some enormous animal. The other bones belong to different animals, and it is peculiar that they should all be found in the one shaft in clays with a depth difference of 15 feet. The discovery was made some eight years ago ; no value was placed on them, and they have been broken and maltreated by children playing with them. Mr. Hodson requests that the Maitland Scientific Society have a look at them, with the Sydney Museum as their final destination. They will be forwarded during the week. A ' bread' and butter dance' in aid of the Roman Catholic Bazaar Fund (to purchase articles) was held on Friday in the school of Arts Hall to a good attendance. Moree, 9fch December, 1894. 