IN THE CON STIT D ENCI E S. BY VERITAS. XXVII. One or tho most interesting specimens 01 electioneering literature that tlio present elec tion. at all events, has produced comes either direct from the pen of Mr. Hawthorne or lnis been Issued by his ' committee, presumably mill. Mu ni,tir.iirvrtn/'n Tr WJ1H GVldCMlt from till lirst that tho tension in Loiohhardt would sooner or lator bring about a condition of things "with boiled oil in it." 1 WU3 not. however, prt-pured for a manifesto even from Mr. Hawthorne or his committee quite so sub versive of high-minded politics as the one before inc. "Who got vonr park beautiful at a cost of thousands of pounds?" asks the mani festo. "Who got those three handsome com modious schools at Kogworth, West Leieh- hardt, and opposite the Town-hall?" "Who got your canal started nnd kept tho v/ork going at full speed whilst ho was your mem ber?" "Who obtained tho Government labor assistance to enable the local couucil to con crete all your creeks, which were previously tho breeders of typhoid?" "Who got you the handsome and convenient post and telegraph office?" "Who got you the centrally-situated and neat-looking lockup?" And so forth. Now either these thing.;—" that centrally- situated and noat-!ool:ing lock up" amongst the rest of them— were necessary for tho wel fare of the district or they were not. If they were necessary, then they came by force of their necessity. Mr. llawthorno merely did his duty in bringing them beneath the notice of the Government, if, on the other hand, they represent an unjustifiable expenditure of public money in tins district, then the candi date who now boasts of the arduous exertions put forward by himself in years gone by. with a view to squeezing parks and post-offices, Stato schools, and "centrally-situated and neat-looking lockups" out of the hearts of reluctant Ministers is playing it low down upon a community supposed to be yearning for a purer 'system of local government throughout the country. Oil tho whole, tho claims of Mr. Hawthorne savor too much of hour.'; rpont In the vicinity of public offices to merit tho consideration of high-minded voters. It is one thing to return to public life with a consciousness of having done one's duty by the electorate that lirst sent one Into Parliament. It is quite another thing to sally forth to battle with threadbare Ministerial door-mats fluttering like trophies in the breeze. A singular interest attaches to the contest in Ashburnham. From the lirst, I had pinned my faith to young Gardiner. The party lead ers In Sydney, however, are in a hopeless di lemma between Mr. Gardiner and Mr. Spencer, a frootrndo candidate, whoso appearance on tho scene was so unexpected that at lirst many of us fell into the error of assuming that his presence there was a device of the enemy. Now, of course, we know that Mr. Spencer is a bona-tido freeirade candidate; but the question of his chance of success ngalnst Mr. Stokes, on the one hand, and Mr. Gardiner, on the other, arc In the metropolis a subject of merest speculation. Oil Saturday morning, for example, a gentleman who is himself a selected frcotrndo candidate for one of the? suburban constituencies assured ine thai Mr. Gardiner's prospects were so poor that in order to beat Mr. Stokes It was absolutely necessary to select Mr. fipnneor as the ac credited champion on the freetrade side. Hair an hour afterwards I mot another gentloiiuui, also a selected freetrade candidate for a suburban constituency. lie had just been in conversa tion with a well-known business man from elthor Burkes or Forbes— I forget which. At all events, ho was at the last election an op ponent of Mr. Gardiner's, and he assured my friend that Mr. Stokes was safe to go down on this occasion before Mr. Gardiner, and that Mr. Spencer had no chance whatever. Later in the day I met a Sydney merchant, who had just returned from a business trip to 1'arln-s and Forbes, and' Judging from the tone of conversation throughout the electorate, he had no doubt whatever but that Mr. Gardiner was the mini to win with. Under these circum stances, the result of tho polling \vl)l be un usually interesting, and it is perhaps not sur prising that the Freetrade Council is leaving tho parties to tight their own battles. At the aamo time, it is to be hoped that tho freo- tmdors in t!n» district will endeavor n:t far ils ' possible to ascertain who is tlm stronger can- d:dafo, and throw the whole weichf. ol their iillluonee at tlio last moment, m his favor. 1 no situation in tne (ikbe remains un changed, except perhaps I pat Mr. Kagnr has discovered a blood relationship between him self aud Wentworth. ot Constitution-founding fame, which ir.nv or nviv not. assist his chance:! at the poll. Obviouslv, howover, it niatters little whether Mr. Eugars chances are assisted b< the ghost of "Wentworth or that of any oilier defunct patriot, for ho never had tho remotest prospect of winning, nnd It isi a thousand pitiea that ho should havo marred his attempt to enter public lifo by persistent attacks upon Mr. Hoguo, the selec ted freetrade candidate. Mr. Engar calls him self an independent candidate. I believe. No freetrader will; his wits about hint, however, will think of throwing away hl:t only vote upon either Mr. Eagar or Alderman Gary. Neither of tlieso gen tlemen can possibly secure tho seat, and thus every addition to their sup port means n corresponding weakening of tho position occupied by Mr. Ilogne, who if engaging single-handed in the conflict could not help but win. The fight now. by tlio way, lies absolutely between Mr. Hoguo and Mr. Cotilon, with odds in favor of the freetrade candidate. Mr. Cluiie, the nominee of the La bor Electoral League, it should be ridded, ap pears to have a considerable following; and this is not altogether to be wondered at, for apart from the fact that he Is the representa tive of a powerful organisation, Mr. Clune is deservedly popular, and those who prefer to vote for Labor with u big L could hardly find a better man to vote for. Urgent appeals have come from Burrowa for a freetrade candidate. It Is believed that, with tlie protectionist vote split as it is be tween Mr. Slattery and Mr. Toomey, had a strong Oppositionist been available ho would have had a very good prospect of success. Unfortuiiat'.ly. however, tie- Freetrade Coun cil. for the want of ;i champion, have been obliged to let the prospects of the party in that electorate go by tho board. Although Mr. Collins, one of the freetrade candidates In the field for XarrabrI, has been by no means a very strong supporter of tho freetrade party in the late I'arliament, his ability is fully recognised, and the freetrade leaders hope to see him, if elected, tako a more decided position in the next Parliament, They have always recognised that Mr. Collins has owed his success at Narrabri loss to his freetrade principles than to his personal popu larity, and have not therefore felt tho bitter ness at his defection that the unfaithfulness of men who owe their seats to their professed convictions naturally engenders. Mr. Ross, on tho other lmnd, Is believed to be a staunch freetrade Liberal, but unfortunately he has como out upou another ticket. The freetraders of Molong are very sanguine of the success of Mr. H. C. M'Culloch. Mr. Garland, barrister-nt-law, who could not sec his way to become a candidate on this occa sion, has given him the benefit of his assist ance, and the party in tho electorate Is push ing the campaign with tho utmost vigor. On tho northern rivers Mr. Vivian and Mr. Young are making great progress. Indeed, there appears to be quite a change In tho at titude of these constituencies upon tho fiscal question. From the south news couies lo hand of an almost certain victory for Mr. Fuller, the fact being that Mr. Alexander Campbell, who at one time looked like a very formidable oppo nent, has not made the headway expected alike by friends and foes. Captain Millard in confidently expected to defeat Mr. Henry Clarke at Moruva. At Con- dobolin the victory of Mr. Brown, tho free- trade labor candidate, and the consequent re jection for the second time of Mr. Henry Harry Cooke — who also calls himself a free- trade candidate— is a foregone conclusion. From Cowra encouraging reports are received of the prospects of Mr. II. Lamond. whilst at Goulburn, in spite of the appearance of Mr. Ball, the freetraders seem to be almost unani mously of opinion that It is the proper thing to return Dr. JIolHs. At Glen Innes, owing to the absence of a candidate of their own faith, the freetraders are supporting Mr. F. A. Wright. Some people are disposed to question the accuracy of my allusions to Mr. Dossali's election address. I can only say that they can satisfy themselves by reference to any recent Issue of the "Gwydir Examlnor." 