THE C.O.D. MAN, There was » scuffling along the ball —a halt—a:4ew seconds of deep ailence, and then a voice remarked— " I hinted to you the other day that I should likely call again. I am here. If you have no serious objections I will seat myself . Bn this chair. Can I take it that you do not objcot P" I looked tip to discover that it was the C.O.D. man. So far as I could observe there was no change in him. If, the tramp never improves <he; never deteriorates. Same man—3ame looks—same olothes. If thii tramp had fallen into the river iflince Ms last/visit;^the water had simply glided right past him and left him unwashed. " Years and years ago," said the man in *-dreamy way, as -he placed his catskin cap on the floor and set one foot on it to prevent escape, "I flattered myself that I knew human iuiture. ] now look back and smile »it my conceit I didn't know the ABC of nature when I thought I knew it all. You may have made the same mistake ? I think you have. I think you will agree with me that human nature is not to be sized up and tied up in bundles and delirered About like jfcih^ing woodi ; I agreed with him perfectly, but as long ias he assumed that I did it was no me to say BO. . "Take an incident that happened in imyMreery^ ooolly picked the stub of a cigar oiE my desk and used my laBt match to light it. "I oalled at the «ide door of a handsome -residence on one of your uptown streets and asked ,-sbe servant lor a raw potato to blunt the knife-like «dge of my hunger. Was it unreasonable iii me to figure that human nature would hand me out a oouple of generous sandwiches instead ? Was I wrong in expecting that I would at least get a decentish ham bone 1 Was I wildly visionary in dreaming that I might with a pair of old shoes or a coat of later vintage than this in addition to food P - ' : He wasn't, but I wasn't going to tell him so. "I perceive that you are with tne," he eaid, as he surveyed the toe of his right shoe with a critical eye. " Human nature went dead bask on me again. The girl not only cheerfully granted my request, but added a parsnip to the potato and her blessing to both. I came —I figured—I got left 1 When you tbink human nature is sure to turn in certain directions you are apt to find it going exactly contrary. Did yon speak, sir V' \ No, I hadn't said anything. I was wondering if he didn't call somewhere and try to trade his potato and parsnip for an onion, but I was sure 1 didn't wonderaloud, "An hour or two later," he said, as he unfastened one of the safety pins holding Ms coat together that his lungs might have more play, " I had the luck to run across a motherly woman in her own kitchen as I oalled and asked for turnip peelings. Do yon believe in a hereafter ?' she asked, in a kindly voice, " 4 1 do, ma'am.' '" And you hope to go to heaven when your earthly toil is over p' "' I've strong hopes—very strong.' "«And are you living an upright, conscientious life, and seeking to set a good example to others ?' "' That's me, ma'am, to a dot. It is now three years since I went home to find my wife and children—-' " ' Please don't- call up things wMch might sadden me. You deserve to be rewarded, and I hope that what I am going to give you will encourage you to persevere in the straight and -narrow path, *nd realise that friends will be raiaed- ttp to meet you 'when the day eeems darkest/ ; '.' I «izei that woman up as motherly and benevolent, r and when ehe stepped ont of the kitchen I figured on a full suit of clothes, a square meal, and about 50 cents in cash. ..She ^returned in a minute -with my reward, and - what d'ye suppose it was ? You hare thefioor " : He was bound to tell me in the end, so it was idle to gnecs. There wasn't a ;ghost of a smile on his faoe when he said— " An old family uiabrella with three ribs broken and about forty holes in the cover 1 There were tears in her eyes when she bid me good-bye ancl hoped to meet me inthe better land. I oame—I figured—I oarried > that umbrella around the corner and Mt a dog with it, .and it was no more. Hare you any particular objeotiin holding yourhreath tMs afternoon?" i -I had, My long«nd saccessful expexienbe "with: tramps- has 'taught me that silenee is a great discourager. 1 didn't answer^Ms/enquiry,in what-he considered; « reasonable thne,'<aad she veiy carefully, arose,: crossed his feet,' placed-: his' left hand on hip, and softly observed— ; " To deny that I am in urgent need of ready -cash would be base. deceit «nd-;unworthy of thepair of us. Under existing •circumstances we -should work together. That Is I mil work you for the both of us. "You arelhe tost deaf and dumb "newspaper man I ever ran across, and I hare perhaps given yon a new insight into human natme without a shirt to its back. Therefore, we find 1 -something in common. Both of us fchould -make something ont of it. As I introduced' myself the other day, I am the C.O.D. man. I collection delivery, If I have nothing to dehrer I collect just the same. The credit system wogld ruin my business inside of ninety days." I "had made np my "mind when he firstonterei the room that jnot a single stiver ehonld he>getsoat "Hie,-»o ter-how-fcoftly he worked -hls%abket, hut suddenly, and to my^great humiliation, I found my determination breaKng down. "Had you done your -share of the talking I"Bhcrtdd hhvHet'jwrtS with a dime," he 'said, »s he grazed 'fixedly over my "head at the window. "As it iBj any ohnrge will, fee ^fifteen cents. If you &ave; a quarter I - ota-make the charge. Mil that's 'it 1 - beats three of« iind every day in the year. This call, as'<you .understand, i H jaly^an informal>one. Some4ay when I«et«-shirt andleeMikeaiyBelf f^hall ULBiBt^- on 'thB "oaStomary a "fdrmiEiies^ Meanwlnle, I am, AS efez .-yours very trply—the -0. -G.J}, man-! i He wav^di fa's-tand, ^nlled-^iis ^tnf sort ol Janglel'no an^jtadedi out and vanished, and fhough I listened ^intently I oould not even hear the icn3 1 of hii tooieteps in % hall. Queer man, is ^ Mpfy | 