TRUE MANHOOD. [By Ven. F. W. Farrar, D.D., Archdekeon of Westminster.] "Quit) you like men; be strong" (1 Cor., xvi., 13.) The Bible is essentially a manly book, and the words " Quit you like men; be strong," are but the energetic summing up of its repeated exhortations. " Be strong" is the advice of Moses to Joshua, "and . of good courage." "Be strong, and'show.thyself a man," said the dying David to his sop. " Say to them that are of a fearful heart, "Be strong; fear not," sang Isaiah. "Be strong, Q Zerubbabel; be strong, O Joshua; be strong, all ye people of the land; and work," is the message of the prophet Haggai. "Bestrong in the Lord," said St. Paul to the Eph'esians. "Though, therefore,"my son, be strong in the grace that is in Christ Jesus," is one of his messages to Timothy. ' ' I write unto you, young men," says St. John, " because ye are strong." Bub what is manliness, and wherein does strength consist? My friends, you will never have taken even the first step towards a true estimate of that question unless you estimate wherein the nature of man consists. And here no one can for practioal purposes get beyond j the • tripartite division of St., .Paul—men con-'i sist of body, soul, and spirit. At these elements let us for a. moment glance. We have' . bodies. The body ;is but the : mortal ' instrument which we use during our transitory passage through life. You re member that the troubled prince in the great tragedy Bigns himself, "This machine which is to me Samlet." But the body is more than a_machine.. ..Itihastwo aspects. Call it "the flesh," and we mean thereby the lower in stincts of our nature which we have in com mon with the animalB ; call it " the temple of the Holy Ghost," and we mean that it should ,be the habitation of the Spirit of Christ. Dust, indeed, yet dust translucent with the divine life within. • J ; And, again, we have souls. The soul is the Beit of' the passions and emotions and pride, withall their train , of kindred impulses. That part oE our.being, also, may be degraded and perverted until the man is like an evil spirit, fulfilling thd desires of the ■ mind, worldly, selfish, haying no hope, and without God .in the world."'; On the other hand, the soul may be pure and transparent as crystal, active as fire, unselfish as a ministering spirit, sweet' and tender as grace, Strong, generous, enduring as the hearts oE martyrs, the seat of every'ennobling aspiration,, the picture gallery of every beautiful memory, the nurse of every inspiring thought. We "have bodies, then, we have souls; but we are spirits. The spirit is the highest and truly divine part of. qur nature, that by whiob we hold communion:with God and become one with Him. " The Spirit itself beareth' witness With our spiriij that we are children of .God, children of God and. joint heirs with Christ, if so be that we suffer with Him, that we may be also glorified together." The spirit, then, is the highest part of . our .nature, and it is the eternal law of. nature, no less than of scripture, that " he, who walketh after the flesh shall of the^flesh reap corruption, but he who walketh after, the Spirit shall of the' spirit reap eternal lite." - .-v And here yon have' the explanation at once of all the paradoxes about man and .about human nature, of which-all' literature is full. How poor, how-rich, how abject,- how auguBt, how complicate, how wonderful is man;. help less, immortal; inseot, infinite; worm, a God 1 "What a ohimera and chaos is man," says Pascal,'" glory.and shame of the universe. If he exalt himself I abase him, if he hnmble himself I raise him up." Pope says— Sole judge of truth in endless errors hurled, The glory, jett, and riddle of the world. , How are we to reconcile these antitheses ? They are easily reconciled. -Each one of us is as great as he is in God's sight, and no greater. Let a man sink himself into animalism, and [ he. is a beast — no more, nay, rather .less.,, . Let him '.riseon., the wings of faith and hope, of purity and .kindness, I to the grandeur of his privileges—"I-have | said, ye are gods, and ye are all the children of the Highest." To be a man in this sense is to be but a Jittle lpwer than the angels,' crowned with glqry. and honor. The old Greeks said, ''How gracious a thing is man if he only be a man." Alas ! it . is none so easy to be a man, a true, right man, when the world and the devil and the flesh surround and ensare us .with their alluring sorceries. This height cannot be .obtained but by; stern and resolute climbing. These'.'evU' passion's cannot be made to yield but by a strong' will; the servant.of a tender .cohaoience. - "These evil spirits go'pot forth but by'prayer and fasting." .Brit jf he alone is a true man who thus'lives' according to the' Spirit, arid not; he whofulfils the desires of the' flesh anil of the mind, at what is such a man to' aim?; Do you think that the answer I shall give you is onlythe answer of Scripture or the answer of religion? Nay, it:is the unanimons: answer also of science and common-sense, of pagan philosophy, of all the experience of all [ tHe world—-yes. riven , of Satan himself. We think,. and rightly think, a great deal in thase . days of the, teachings of science. • Well, the teaching of ' science is in' this" matter in exaot accord with teachings of Scripture. Science says the body is defaced^' effeminated, sickened'by self indulgence. Scripture says, "If .any man defile the Temple of God, him will God de stroy." Science agrees with pagan philosophy in summing rip the:f ule of life in two words, aneckou, apccfiiou—endure, abstain. • Give up ! Christ says, " If any man will be My disciple, let him deny himself." ^ Again, if ypu. will read any of the noblest treatises of moral thought, either ancient or modern, Pagan or.'.Christian, .you will find there also, that they are all one on this matter. Turn, for. irislance, 'to the famous Ethics of Aristotle, arid'he will teach you chat happi ness has an energy in accordance withvirtue, and that perfect virtue is the supreme good of man. . Aristotle says that the character of the .perfect man iriust; be'.developed but "of the two. cardinal virtues of man liness and self - mastery. The .Scripture says—Be temperate in all.things. "Quit you- like men;; be .strong."And the experi ence. of; the..korfd..porifirms .thesame. ' .Take all the records, j all', the biographies, in.; the world, .'and in them, /too, you will find as the' invariable.lesson that "the wages of sin is death," and that to lose the life for Christ's sake is to find it./, I said, and; yon may have' been surprised to'hear me say, that even Satan himself confesses this truth ; and yet it is'true, -for; Satan 'himself -never thinks any youth so; great a fool as to try to persuade him that if he. Bins he will not have to pay the penalty of Sin hereafter.,. Satan' does not deny, even to his victims, that jauniBhmerit is only another name for guilt, taken ajitile down trie Btream. In the. old legend ?Df. Faustu3 bargains that the devil is to lay aside his devilish propensity for lying, and when questioned, to tell nothing but the truth ;; and the devil replies, " I will answer to your questions truly, the world does trie injustice to.,tax-me with want of truthful ness. Let them ask their 'consciences if have ever deceived them, or made them believe that a bad action was'a good one. I do not deceive. I tempt." ; Now in youth ^we'are liable to fatal errors liable all our lives long, but in youth especially —as tp the'natnre of manliness.' Those errors belong to the childish.'things which St. Paul bids us lay aside.wheri we"become, men, and of whioh. AriBtotle says that we, apply the name of intemperance to boyish faults. Youths, for instance, very frequently, confuse manliness with its very opposite, namely, with precocity in vi'cei'.whiph, iDce/that of the Prodigal, has ^exchanged the, easy 1 burden of - Christ. and the blessed freedom of righteousness for the destroying slavery, of sin. - Youth sees a strong, hot- blooded ; Esau, never looking beyond the moment, letting .nothing stand in the way,.of, his unbridled passions; it . sees Absalom, beautiful^ arid Bad, living only for sense and for self; anditconsiderssuch charac ters manly. -I have of ten seen youths at school, and wherever. youths are assembled the idols. land popular heroes, talked of as "such -fine, manly fellows,", bore upon their foreheads the. marks of .exfcr&vaganoe;, excessive devotion to amusements, desultory aims, shallow-attainments, unbridled impulses! Yet these qualities, so far from being roanly, are the very reverse t of manly. They show weakness which, on aiiy standard above that of the animal; are/softness and effeminacy, not the qualities of a man.. And I have seen others win as purely an admiration for suoh base qualities as wealth, insolence, a Bpirit of contemptuousness. an overbearing manner^ a preriosteronsly exaggerated • sense of their in dividual importance; but. even the pagan will tell you. that these are the qualities not of manliness,, but of braggadooio .and pride, and what St. John calls the swagger, the gasconade,' the braggart vaunt of life. Arid yet of what infinite importance is true manliness. Many and dark are the problems of the future and of England, and if the coming generation ^ to' be saved .'from them we want wisri.' ' V' ' . Men,-not systems,-fit and wise; r • Not-Faiths with rigid eyes. Not wealth on mountains piled, Not-power with gracious smile; • Wanted, men! j Wanted, deals! ; Not words, of minciug note, ■ / Not thoughts from hfe remote, Not fond religious airs, Not sweetly languid prayers, Not love of soented creeds. Wanted, deeds! Men and deeds! ■ . Men that can dare and do; Not longing for the new, \- ' Not prating of the old, . . Good life and action bold; \--These the occasion needs, - • : Men and deeds! What, then, is manliness? All that it is I cannot tell you, but let me try to give some few nqtes of ip. JFirst,. it is self-respeot. I need hardly, warn,you that self-respect has no analogy to pride,'?Ar to ;'the -wretched vulgar ape of pridevwhibli is self-qbnceio. -I cannot express to ypucbetter what self-respect is than in a'passage which I.^ave.always -regarded as the noblest ''in"jlShglish Kferature. " If," says John Milton,- "the lovfe of-GOd, as a fite sent . down from heav&n; to be ever kept alive' upbn;. the altars- of; our- hearts, be the'" -hrst.-.pfjnciple of all gcdly and virtuous -ac^pnS'c .in meij,. then this pious an^.juefc, hopormg.'o'f ourselves is the seeoiuh' Somefihimgvl ,-eohfesb it is to be ashamedco4 :ill".doipg in the 'pqesenee of any, but this is still ithei fear ^of" infamy; but he that hp.ldshjgijbelf'in.reverence and due esteem for the dignity of. Gbd's image iu'pon him; and the price of hie; j^'em^ption which he . thinks is ' visibly mar&ed;'flpba'his fotshead,'accounts ; himself a fit. parsdn . to Mo'" the noblest-'and • go'dlieat> deeds,siahd>muoh better ;wOrtfi than ' to dejeot i and: defile ■' with .Buqh a r debase ment and, pqllutio'a., assin, himself so. highly iransomed and; eiipobledto a I ne w friend Ship and fi'hal rationwith'God. j Nor can he fear so _;niuph'j tb^jjpfishpe ] and j reproach of others'as he'dreadk and would blush at the re flection of his own.gevere.and modesb eye upon himself if it should'see him doing or imagining that which, is sinful; though in the deepest isecrecy." And next to Belf-respect manliness is resis» fiance. The true man will not bend like a reed to every passing gust of that insolent iguq ranco whioh sometimes in the lightheadedness of nations arrogates to itself the. name of public opinion. He will ; not swim with the stream , either in the Churoh or in the State, but will strike out against its .fiercest waves. He will not spread his sail to the Boft breeze of flattery and self-interest, but even when menaced with shipwreck will oppose his constancy and his convictions to the fury of the storm. At sohool.and at .college,-in-his regiment and .in. his profession, the unmanly youth will always follow the multitude to do evil. Ho will be a reflection, not a reality. He will be an echo, not a voice. If betting and gambling are the order of the day he will bet and gamble, and plunge into that guilty. and ruinbus excitement rather than have the courage to say "No." If. he be thrown in ah atmosphere of vulgar rowdyism he will be vulgarly rowdy; if drink and lawlessness are thought fine qualities by fools, such a youth will drink and be lawless; if vice and impurity have innooulated his house ( or his school with the virus of their plague, he will be vicious among the vicious, and impure among the impure. But the ' manly youth, _ unmoved amid hurricanes of hate and ridicule, the tribute- whioh vice always pays to virtue, will, as I have known him do, always break through like cobwebs the trammels of false custom; will front the ' guilty compliance with a-sturdy "No !" will uphold the dignity of Christian duty; will rise superior to debasing examples; will follow his conscience as the supreme guide; will be moderate among the extravagant, temperate among the drunken, and chaste and pure amid a tainted society; will raise the eternal protest of tempted innocence,- "How.can I do this great wickedness and sin against God ?' On a tower in the strath of France, Marie Durand, who was imprisoned for - 40 years ' because she would.not abandon the Reformed faith, has carved as the lesson of her life and of her long martyrdom the'one word " Resist." It is a noble and pregnant motto. : Resist the temptations to be idle, self-indulgent, vicious, and all the moreif these around you are so. Resist the prejudices and the littleness of your own profession, or school or party; resist the temptations..of the impulses, of your Ibwer nature; and. so far, fro'nf being weakened bv the struggle, the strength and fire of the con quered temptation shall be to you an added element of force, .even as the Indian warrior ! believes that the strength of his vanquished enemy passes into bis,own right arm. .Resist difficulties! Show that you have some iron in you, and are not all of straw? "Resist the devil, and he will flee from you." Is. there a lion in your path, then stride upon it, sword in hand, and Strike at; it, whether you slay it or it slay you. The greatest men the world have seen have never, been sleekly prosperous, faoing both wayb, . making leagues with death and covenants with hell* answering the multitude according to their idols; they have . been strong fighters, terrible'toilers;-they ' have been tamers of monsters, tramplers upon dragons; they have told corrupt'churches that they lie, they, have told; wioked kings that they lie, they have smitten wioked multitudes in the face, and told them that they lie; their ; very martyrdom has ! been ■ a death-defying utterance of truth. We want .much more of this complete-disdain for vulgar popularity; muoh more of the spirit of Phocion, who, when • he puce .. happened to be applauded in a speech, turned round and asked with astonishment—" Have I said any thing wrong, then ?' Which do you desire— . " To. be sleekly prosperous,: or a true man? Which do you desire to do—To get .on, or to serve God ? I tell you that if in any high sense you would do the latter'you must often abandon all earthly hopes of the former. . He who would be a true man mnst face unpopularity and .injustice; he must endure, hardness as a good soldier • of Jesus Christ; he must leave the leeks" and the ffeshpots of the world's sensuous Egypt behind, and climb God's- granite mountains and hear the wild music of His desert winds ; and. through..parted seas- and ..thundering battles follow the pillar of fira before him. . There are many spurious forms of courage,. and that which is often most admired is the lowest and poorest like that of the brutes. The manliest courage is that' which rises superior to . the fear of man. The' manly youth Will have a certain disdain and impatience of evil, a car tain violence of truthfulness, a certain im petuosity of principle, conquering and combat ing all that.is hollow and base and-mean. He will not be at the meroy of a wicked code of a few silly or depraved companions for a few - brief years, at the cost of having to reproach himself as a fool all the rest of his life. Let no one of you eVer say, "I am too common place, too insignificant, too uninfluential to set a good' example." You know .how. when the Spartan boy complained to his mother that his sword ,was too short, his mother said to him, ".Then add a step to it." The dullest. and weakest youth, if he be ■ good, may win an angel's envy and do an angel's work. '.' . ' Shall I tell you what, two Eton boys .did ? One, •. present ;at- the-annual; supper -atthe Christopher at Eton, when, as' wa3 .'the. evil custom in those days, a'coarse twist was pro posed, remained seated and turned, his glass upside down. That boy was William Ewart Gladstone.' The other, captain of the boats, refused to row if toe others swore, or ; used vioious talk. That boy was Bishop Coleridge Pateraon. O ! What incomparable good does a youth who is truly manful do in any society or in any school with which he1 mixes; ho w'.will .'he, communicate his own healthy, breezy virtues to minds sioklier and more effeminate; how will he retoi't upon the scorner the pointed finger of scorn, judged of no map, jndgitig ;alf by the standard of God; like that flaming seraph of Milton, turning his back disdain fully on those who would flout him for hig allegiance to God— Among the faithless faithful only, he, Among innumerable false unmoved, Unshaken, unseduoed, unterrified. And again, manliness is self-mastery. „It sits self-goverened in the fiery prime of youth obedient at the feet of law. Wnat agony, what wast of saorifioial tears and blood, might have been spared, it has been said, if men had never fallen into the easy doctrine that sin is only a venal infirmity : of blood,' not 'to' be sternly visited, and that it is a necessary factor of progress, out of which experience! grows! If ever you find your own .soft and shivering egotism trying to seduce yon into sin and ion manliness pray " God pardon me against my self."' ' '' "This coward with prophetic voice, Which craves for ease and ' rest and joys ; • ' Myself arch-traitor to myself, . ' My hollowest friend, my deadliest foe, My olog whatever road I go. And this self-mastery cannot be had without self-sacrifice. Wouldst thou have'knowledge now in the days of thy youth?; Then work for it! Wouldst thou have fame? It is hot worth having, but if thou wouldst, work for it! It was the fiat of "a lost Eden, work! It is the law of life, work! It is as trae for nations as for men! Idle nations are ignoble nations.' Egypt, sluggish and indolent, may be expressed by the imbeoile contentment of the Sphinx. ■ Marked ye yon arrow hurtle through the sky 2 Heard ye the dragon monster's dreadful ory? ■ Apollo launching arrows of light at the python of corruption—that is. the type of Greece in the brief flash of her glory. .. .. : -Any- fool, the weakest, dullest, paltriest that ever was, can make a drunkard or a debauchee. There is ho human clay so vile, no sludge and scum of humanity so despicable, but out of it you may make an effeminate corrupter or lying schemer; but it takes God's own gold to make a man. No lacquer work, no tinsel suffices for the oherubim of the sanctuary. They must be hammered. out of pure gold, seven times purified in thd fire..Erom whom, it has . been ; asked, does : .the inspiration descend on us? Is it not from the central figures : of the.. great tragedies of humanity; from .the. creators of law, from, the avengers of wrong, from the martyrs of right, 'from the .missionaries of meroy, from the Pass :of , Thermopylae, from the self-dedication of • the Deoii, from the fires of Smithfield,; from the waters of the Sol way, yea! ■ from the cross .ofCal vary? And he who will .not take up that cross cannot be a true man; he cannot be Christ's disciple. ■ To conclude, then. You who have the world-still before you, you who are the trus tees of posterity, you on whom mnst rest the future honors of this onoe God-fearing island, choose your ideal. Tell me .what your ideal is, and J will tell you what you are. - Each year myriads die whose death is a,moral and spiritual shipwreck; who have done no good, but harm, to their fellow-men; who have not! elevated, but degraded ; not .purified, .but; polluted them. They die, and for the fire of' their blood and the marvel of their life they • have nothing to givebaok to God but. dust and Bhipwreck. History and fiction, and daily life also, set them before us. Men in history* whether in high or low places,, like a Nero ■ or • Heliogabalus,- men 1 like Louis XV. or Charles II., men in fiotion like Tito Melema, whose one object it has been., to make life easy to themselves .and to erase from their vocabulary the great word, "I.ought;" meu.Hhe dregs of epicureanism, who through all their long, useless, ill- favored lives, always "contrived to live well and eat ■ and drink of the best, to (make gods of their bodily senses,'and to love no one but them* selves. The gilded youth,'of whom we askf' '' Oh, what avails to understand ' The merits of a spotless shirt,. . A dapper boot, a little hand, - ' If half the little soul be dirt 2" Will you be men like these? v These are not . men, but hungers, fevers, and: appe tites. ' Or will you be 'of "those "who believe ih 'God,' and being very sure of the soul, and having made' Christ their Captain and their Master, have raised strong arms to bring heaven a little nearer to our earth, like him who purified the prisons; like him whoemaasi* - pated the slave; like him. the martyr bishop whom they sent floating over the blue sea, by the coral isles, with a palm upon his breast; like him- the 'self-effacing hero who ended in the desert city the life he had devoted to his poor ragged boys; like him who was laid at Molokai in a leper's grave ? And there, enthroned in suoh high state they \- lie,_. That kings for suoh a tomb might wish to die. Like all the-faithful who have not been famous j like all the saints who are but dew drops tangled in the hair of Him who__is the King; of Saints; yea, like Him the King of Saints Himself, who set us the eternal example Df . the , perfect man that we might rise with Him, and by the aid of His grace to the measure of the eternal God. Would you do this? Would you be this?" Then remember that the ideal of Christ is the highest ideal of what each Christian should be. He is the highest, holiest manhood;' He will be the better self to.all who give their will to Him ; and, therefore, in words whioh I have quoted to you before—r Follow thy better heart; \- ' ■ - Follow thy better will; And so thy better self In thy best self fulfil To thy best 3elf be true!, To own an honest hand, , To own an Honest name. To feel an honest heart",. Is more than wealth or fame. To thy best self be true •! Go, face the future, then, Obey thy soul's best word, 'Twill lead thy steps to peace, 'Twill lead.thee to thy Lord. " " '1 To thy best self be true! I So shall thine influence bless, , And when thy years are passed, So shall thy better self ~ Thine angel be at last— : To thy best self be true ! 