Was it a Ghost they Saw ? .Ies. H. H. JENsi~Gss lives at No. =ix, Main Street, Bridgeport. and Miss Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is an old one, but in cood order Cne night early in December (tI)t) the tw\o women locked all the doors and ticnt to the theatre, leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however, in the tror.t parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing ani talking. But as they went into the parlour the merr% humour died out of them in a second. tight in the middle of the room stood a dark ,.,an ot gigantic stature. The upper part of his :ace was concealed by a mask, hi, eyes gleam ing through the cyeholt.s in it. His shirt sleeves here rolled up. and in one hand he car.ied a long. old- tashioned pistol. The women dled screaming from the room, and when Mr. Jenmngs came in five minutes later he round no one in the parlour and allthedoors and windous securely locked. What was it the women saw? *" During a recent period of ill health." writes an American triend, " I had slept badly for several successive nights. On the -torth ct these nights about two o'clock, I was -ud derh .Iroutsed trom a doze by "" ghat semerd l:kc the :alhing ot my name;" and at the foot of the bed stLod the image of my mother jugt as ,he looked five years before, as she w\as ieaving aome to go on a journey, on which journ-y she vas killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and tainted. I was foolish enough to tell ct it. and the local old women gossips said it: as a sulmnons and I would never get well. Yet 1 did, and am in perfect health now. I believe that viston came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. W\hy. there's no cnd to the tricks the nerv,. will play oh on you when your system isout of conditon. In March, iSgo. it rwas, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Darra -ott Road. Plekesdown, Hiants, wrote us as fol ows:--"I was so dreadfully nervous I could no: bear anyone in the room with me. yet I did ,lot wish therta far away in cas I should call out for help. This was in june. I??S. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my e es, and I was sic mcost ot the time. My skin was dry and yellow. and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what :nt complaint was. I took nothing but liquid toed, and could not retain eten that on my stomach. By this utime I was nothing but skin and bone. .My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully 1 thought I should lose my serses, and my friends agreed that I wouid never get better. " I had given up all hope, mhen one day M ts \Vest, otf bournemouth, called and asked what I wis taking. She told me she was herself just as badly oil, and was cured by M1otcer neigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed tohave C. much faith in this medicine. I tried it. and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I -vent down stairs. Now I am as well as ever. I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me " The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci-. dent, and the system rallied only when the .Syrup had given new vigour to toe digestion nia tnus lot and toned the nr-s es. \\\'ha:ever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny ,vision and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of neres all upset by indigestionarnd dyspeCoia Ghosts come from the inside of the perIon ho sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. Sir George Di'bs is a humourist. At the request of the dergy he forbade the making of collections in theatres where Sunday entertainments were given by laymen. He has now refused to allow a reverendgentleman who Lolds Sunday services in a theatre to pass the plate around, a proceeding which does not please the minister, who intends to make a vigorous protest. An eccentric old woman was per suaded to go to church in Greenock one Sunday, and next day the minister gave htra new gown She did not again appear, and a member of the kirk session called to le..rn the reason. " We expected you would attend every Sunday," said the elder after explaining the cause of his visit. "Every Sun day !" echoed the old dame in amaze men:. "Did ye think I was saegreedy as to tak' a new goon frae the pair minister every week ?: THE NEW \VARSHIP.-ThcCrescent, the new cruiser sent from England to fill a place on the Australian station, arrivedin Port Jacksonon May 7. She has a displacement of 7,700 tons, and can steam g . knots. Sheisone of the Edgar series ordered in I888, and has cost £4o2,ooo. Her armament is 6in. qnick-firing guns, and one 22-tcn 9-2in. sternchaser. T'he "Sydney Morning Herald" says that the Crescent is the handsomest, largest, and fastest man. of-war thathas come~to AustrahIa. She carries 545 men. The Crescent left England on March 2o, and so has made a very good run, though not driven for speed. She had one or two breakdowns in the engineroom before starting. 