A CHARITY " SOLICITOR." PKOKEBSOR MOHUIS. the President of the Melbourne Charily Organisation Society, lias been attempting to do good by stealth, and should now blush to find it shame. Last February Professor Morris hit upon the brilliant idea of publishing Victoria's poverty to the world and soliciting the English people for charity. With a modesty that is not al ways characteristic of men who love to see their names in print, Professor Morris kept his " happy thought" to himself, and the first intimation that Victorians had of the Professor's intention to make a ragged, hungry show of them to t he world was when the mischief had been done, and Prolessor Morris' begging letter had appeared in the Times. One's first feeling in the matter is one of amazement at the conduct of the Professor in taking such an ill-advised step upon liis own responsibility. That a gentleman whose career amongst us has been one of honour, credit and well-doing should take the extraordinary step of constituting himself a canvasser for charity without consulting his principals, viz., the people whose sores he exposed, and for whom, without their authority, he was begging is astounding. ThatJlVofessor Morris was actuated by the best of feelings we can readily believe, but it was an impertinence, however well-meant., on his part to rush into print without the knowledge and sanction of the public. The individual who is in poverty or distress is entitled to suffer in secret if he desires so to do, and neither Piufe.isor Morris nor any other well-meaning impertinent philanthropist has a ri^bt to hold the .sufferer up to public gaze against his will, for the purpose of enlisting [a sympathy that is offensive and begging alms that will not be accepted. If the fallen fortunes of an individual are sacred, how much more sacred should be the altered circumstances of a large community. Had Professor Morris called together a large public meeting in the Town Hall, received its sanction to his displaying his undoubted command of English, in a begging letter, or had he even consulted with the Government of the colony as to his proposed posturing as a friend of humanity, there might be some excuse for his action. As it is. Professor Morris' proceeding can only be regarded as most ill-advised and injudicious, and we may tell him that when the people of Victoria want to appeal to the old country for charity it will seek a different channel to that of the President of the Charity Organisation Society. The C.O.S. is not the most popular institution in Victoria, and the most charitable of men do not altogether approve of its -ways and methods. The proportion of the sack of expenses to the bread of charity is regarded as somewhat disproportionate, and if Professor Morris' obtrusive and officious constitution of himself as an unauthorised beggar for the colony is a sample of tbe way the C.O.S. conducts its business, it is no matter for wonder that the C.O.S. is not a popular institution. We trust that if any money comes in response to this unauthorised begging-letter in tbe Times, that the begging-letter writer will promptly return it with the'memo that " Professor Morris is not authorised to collect English charity for Victoria." In his letter he says that he makes the appeal to the English people with a certain sense of shame. If in making that appeal hefeltanyt.hing like the sense of shame that the Victorian people felt at the publication of the letter, Professor Morris' offensive ofticiousness should carry its own punishment with it. Mil, BENT has taken occasion to fall foul of the Press again. At the Mayoral banquet in Bendigo the other day tbe Speaker got off his old gag about members^of Parliament being just as good as pressmen, man for man. There are members of Parliament mid members of Parliament; those who see no necessity to run about the country raving over their superior qualities, and the others who are ever protesting their equality with other men. Mr. Bent seems to hold a brief tor the latter class, and his wail is becoming monotonous. The comparison with journalists is ridiculous, anyhow. If the M.r. is good enough for his position it doesn't matter a brass farthing whether he is, or is not, as good as pressmen or any other - f men. The. Speaker seems to imagine that « a journal chooses to place itself in opposite • any particular member, its action is animate, a consciousness of the mental, moral and pliysuperioriiy of its staff over that particular If Mr. Bent is satisfied with himself he ougi be able to laugh at the attempts of thejourna to be funny at his expense—" Let the galled •wince," etc. Two spiritualistic mediums have been amfor sorcery in New Zealand. They were char: as high as jjo for admission to their srun.-.s, driving a splendid business, -when the police b up the show, and confiscated the apparntu working tbe spook, and the phosphorus and < chemicals with which the necessary ghostly h. and elfin fire were produced. It is questions' the nincompoop who pays •£"> to see the gh" his grandmother doesn't deserve to be fool, the top of his bent, and isu't as well satisfied a spook of his venerable relative manufacUm of a phospborised turnip and a sheet as he w be with the best legitimate spectre Stead, aidthe whole force of the Theosophistic camp. • produce. Mrs. llesant should take warning what has happened to these two ghost-mong New Zealand, and avoid that colony when on In ' pagaudist tour, or she may be pulled up short six months for pretending to exercise enchant or sorcery if she cannot produce a reliable or twelve years for really exercising enchant if she can produce the goblin. IT is really a good sign that the Merc-, Bank meetings on Monday were only attendabout twenty people at each. It shows tlw feverish excitement has worked itself out that people now have too much to do to atti: meetings of bung institutions merely to car; wrangle. A year ago a Mercantile Bank me would have been synonymous with quarrelwords, recriminations, strife, tumult and foolery. To-day people are content to read . the meetings in the papers. The change of b . is indicative of a change of temperament in community. It is of no use crying after milk and lost money. The cow will yield buckets of the former, and energy and entei will produce supplies of the latter. It is rei able how satisfied everybody seems to be The air has been cleared. It is recognise! misfortune is not an offence, but a thing pitied. 