PLAIN TALK. ^TTelephones ! I hate the sound and distrust them as a dog does the foot :hat has cruelly kicked him. Yet, once I had implicit trust in them. I reasoned this way. If two lines are connected it means that for the time being they become one line. A line can only have two ends. If I am at one end and the person to whom I am speaking is at the other, then thought I in my simplicity my words must only be heard by him to whom they are addressed. But it seems to me that telephones, as well as walls, have ears. I am not an eavesdropper; its contemptible and unmanly pastime, but I could not help hearing a sweet voice say “ Harry, you haven’t shaved to-day.” The plaintative protest set me thinking and I conclu ded that the ladies who have any deal ings with men’s chins should form a ■league to insist upon men approaching them with smooth chins. ‘‘Some blackguards called me a ghost,” said Mr Allen, ex-talley clerk to ill" the other day. “ You’re not, are you, Allen?” “No! the papers said 1 was dead.” “Why don’t you serve them with a writ. If you will guarantee in writing that you will not blister us, I will give you some. I keep a stock of them ready and supply them to people anxious to serve me with them. You go for the other papers, they have any amount of money ; we have none. The Chronicle's morality is in such a deplorable state that, T thought an interview with a doctor acquainted with its constitution would disclose something interesting. The medical gentleman confined his remarks to this extraordinary case without touching upon the anti-vaccination question. He said—Last week, I diagnosed the journal, working on the disclosures made in your paper. The involute and labyrinthinate tangle into which it had drifted made me at first suspect that it had absorbed too much of the proclivities rampant in its own peculiar sphere. And further examination convinced me that it was the victim ol wanderingsofw’anderermixedwithflying meshccnesonawcekstummiecmadeitfcel rumime. “ Yes doctor, how did you proceed.” ‘ Owing to the ubiquity uf.such journal istic baccilli, lying microbes were easily indicated. As a remedy I ex hibited acopeeolllaswccksti'/.crtobetaken beforeatacoowandrings. As the paper suffered from an unlocalbed disease I also gave calflymphtishyarnsvaceei nationhashankronicleleadcrs, to be fol lowed by moretruthanlessliesbrighter ritingannoillust ratio lisp lease. To keep it awake I ordered a copy of your paper. “ Did it cause its nurse much anxiety.” “Yes, she asked me all about it and I told her. She said yes and turned very pale.” Upon examining it within the next day or two, I become convinced that the disease was of such long standing that nothing short of a study of Heaven’s record against it would induce it to retard the augmentation of the lyingmania, so I have given the case up. But before doing so, I prescribed— it. Aliarof thefirst magnitude-tealsannihers faeeamlusesit ashisnwn ndthisliarreapcdasit had.rown. AI. Sig. §!*?!*+ 2 and 2—5. 