A WOMAN'J WIT. During tie assizes he'd in a Southern city the court was crowded to its utmost capacity, while an impatient mass of swaying humanity outside awaited the verdict. It was a case of phenomenal interest. Two young fellows of good birih, companions sincc childhood, had set themselves to earn fame and fortune, or tbe latter at least, in their native plac." ; A bert Musgrave as an artist, Herbert Caison as a doctor. Their love for each otl er -was brotherly—yet love was the gulf which separated them. Both had been fascinated with the charms cf a sunny-haired, bright-eyed, laughing picture of beauty. Her admirers were legion, but her favors were pretty equally bestowed between Musgrave and Cadson. One morning people- were horrified with a report of a mmder. Musgrave had bpen shot in his studio. A revolver was found on the table a few inches from the dead body. The bullet, which after passing through bis head had lodged in the wall opposite, exactly fitted the chamber, and was precisely similar to the others which the revolver contained. Both revolver and cartridges were proved to have been bought by Cadson within, twenty-four hours of the murder. Be was known to have been at the house about the time the crime had been committed. All the3e things he fully admitted. Only one fact he denied, but this was the evidence that chiefly condemned him. Edna Dysart, the charmer, through jealousy of whom he wa3 supposed to have committed the murder, swore to seeing him close to the house; indeed, she had spoken to him, but he strangely enough had passed her, refusing to speak. The general evidence against him was so overwhelming that there could be no doubt of the issue. The prisoner had condemned himself by his own admissions, yet he emphatically asserted his innocence. The eventful day of the trial came. Counsel had latored for and against. The judge had summed up the points of the case; the jury retired to consider. The breathless hush of suspense was oppressive. The angel of death seemed almost visible. Presently a door opened. Twelve men entered and solemnly took their seats. . • " Guilty or not guilty ? " " Guilty 1" A piercing shriek, awful from its burden of agony, rang through the court, and Edna's unconscious form, was borne out. For the first time the prisoner quailed. All through the trial he had behaved with almost callous coolness. Her voice unmanned him. He buried his., face in his hands, groaning aloud and trembling violently. With an effort he regained his manly bearing. When asked if he had any reason to state why sentence of death should not be passed on him, he drew himself np, and in a firm, clear voice said,—- " To-day my words are an empty sound; one day they will have "great power, though they will come back from the cold depths of the tomb. I am innocent. 3To man will Believe me. I 3peak for the future, because I .believe an Avenging Justice, withnnerring and irresistible aim, will bring truth to light. Then I wish you to remember my words. Then Herbert Cadson, who now stands with the shameful curse of a murderer on his head, will have the halo of a martyr.*' The sentence of death was passed, the judge's voice being scarcely audible amidst women's sobs. One person alone seemed unaffected. With the quiet demeanor of a hero, Herbert folded his arms to reccive his doom without a quiver. To the last momentous words, May the Lord have-mercy on your soul!" he responded with a firm bat teverent "Amen." Mr 3arter, Herberts solicitor, was disturbed in his office by a young lady whom he at first fai-ed to recognise as Edna. What a marvellous change! Her haggard face, large eyes looking larger from their sunken sockets, tbe fierce determined expression of her face, made the old lawyer betray his surprise in spite of himself. Was this the airy, smiling creature of a few days ago? She had aged years. He invited her to a seat, then inquired the object of her visit. 'To free Herbert Caison. He is innocent, and I have discovered the culprit." The lawyer looked at her, but did not speak. " Perhaps you think me mad. Well, I have not been far from it. While you men have pitied him and wondered, I, a weak woman, have worked." ; Have you any evidence of your tatement "Ample. The murderer has a foot two inches longer than Herbert's. He wore a pair of old goloshes with a cat across the left sole. Herbert never possessed such things, On that night he wore a light suit; the other fellow wore dark tweed suit with a red thread, rather a peculiar kind of material, lighter in weight, and much cheaper." " How in the name of all that is rational did you learn this ?" " Thereby hangs my tale. I believed Herbert to he innooent. Common sense told me crime always leaves a trace for those who wish to see. Mo one ever son glit. They were satisfied with superficial appearances. Knowing the laq^ lord, 1 obtained permission sea the house. X searched for hours without success. I was yielding to despair and wandered back into the garden. Suddenly Fido capered about me with some-. thing in his mouth. It was a handkerchief. I took it. A glance my heart stop—blpq4 8$aiR8, I examined thp handkerchief as a forlorn di£»^er would gold dust, It wa6 a wotn^8> It WQ9 »arb c i tp 0 ) Number four.' i recognised it, anl knew the ovmer. I smelt it. What a peculiar soent. I renewed my search with vigor. It was evident the criminal had escaped by the back gate. Reviving hope fired nu- Inch by inch I scrutinised doors, wails windows, anything and everything, large and small. For three days I hunted unceasingly. My total discoveries were some threads of cloth torn off while squeezing through.a small window, blood stains on the sash arising from a cut with a rusty nail in the wood, footprints on the ground beneath the window. The ground was soft; enough to receive an impression. Very close examination revealed a peculiar imprint wiih a cut across. An inspiration dawned upon me —goloshes! From these links how should I form a chain ? First, the handkerchief. I went to Laycock's, the chemist. He ransacked his shop, but could not find me a scent like it. I shot an arrow at a venture and said— " 4 You sold some to Miss Harvey, I think ?' "' Oh, yes ; I know now, I got that especially for her.* I am sorry I have none left.' " I reeled out of the shop. I was on the track. 4 P. H.' were Priscilla Harvey's initials ; this was her handker chief. I went straight to her house. During my stay I feigned losing my handkerchief. She lent me the exact counterpart of the one I had found save that it was marked ' Number seven.' I twitted her that she was in the habit of lending her handkerchiefs to gentlemen. She laughed and blushed. ,1 bantered her into confession. She had never lent but one. She told me to whom. I involuntarily jumped from my chair, but had enough self-control to recover mjself, pretending I had assumed astonishment. "Now I had fairly run down my game. How should I get into his house ? Providence aided me. You are an old man. and have known me from infancy, so I can speak freely to you. At one time he paid me such attention that I had to ignore him. I knew his landlady well, a garrulous old dame. I fear that I am naturally wicked, for my plan was formed immediately. Entice him with softest words and all your resources of fascination. From him and the old woman you will learn and obtain all. "I succeeded beyond my wildest hope. I need not weary you with the details. By dint of coaxing and presents I induced the old dame to let me do as I pleased. I talked to her of Herbert till her head was turned. Then I made her nay confidante. I wanted to make her lodger a pair of slippers without his knowledge. She offered me a pair to measure. No. I knew he had a pair of goloshes somewhere. Could I steal them for a day or two ? Buried in a corner of the wardrobe I found a pair. I turned them up. There was a cut across the sole of the left foot. I trembled so violently I nearly Jet them drop. I took them to Musgrave's house ; they fitted the prints exactly. I have had the scrapings of the sole of the. footprint analysed by the chemist, *ho says they are identical. "I have traced the suit of clothes, and can prove the purchaser and date of purchase. But one thing remains undone. I swore I saw Herbert three minutes after the murder close to the back of the house. As Herbert is dark and the culprit is light he mast have disguised himself, which proves design. A lopal hairdresser says he lent the same man some wigs, whiskers, and so on, for private theatricals. Certainly no private theatricals have taken place, while he had them before and returned after the date of the murder, so they were in his possession then. Concerning the deed itself, you know Herbert swore he left the revolver with Musgrave an hour before." You astound me, a girl like you, with such astuteness! It passes my comprehension." "Don't you think I fcave good grounds for his arrest ?" • " Certainly. Who is he p" " Mr Satley, the curate." Mr Carter fairly leaped from his chair with an irreverent expression of surprise. It took him some little time to subside into his usual calm. Then he sent for the inspector of police, putting all details into his possession. Two hours after the officer returned to Mr Carter's sanctum with a somewhat gloomy face. " It is all over, Mr Carter." " What, has he confessed ?" " Yes, in words and action. I was going up to Mr Satley's house when I saw him coming. He was in a great hurry, carrying a portmanteau. This, with his face, made me think he knew we were after him. Miss Edna was veiy smart, but she should have consulted us before she took those goloshes. Women are so impulsive. Well, I followed him. As I expected, he went to the railway station. I touched him and advised him not to bqy a tiokefc, as he wonld waste his money. He turned paler than Hamlet's ghost. " 4 God help me. I was mad ! It was all for her,' he said, in a quivering voice. * Please do mob fcancjeuff me,' he implored, " ' Yery well, Mr Satley,' I replied. 4 Just then the shriek of an express whistle made me start. He dropped his bag and dashed across the platform, J after him. He won the race. J loat a prisoner. He jumped clean on to the buffers, ^iqh hurled him off like a football, over and over. His body is lying £t the mortuary now." * * * » • # Every cloud ha3 a silver lining. The sunshine of this narrative is seen in two faces which reflect the joy of lo* B nn [ te( i |Q Rearfy destroyed ^ ahamc ani death. Forbes and Sens, agents in Bichmond, foi "Victoria Insurance Company, Limited insure properties of all descriptions-house property urTiiture, shops, sto::!^, etc.—at the lowest rate?, OJnoes, 162 Bii 'ge^Tosd, Kfchaiood.- ADYX] 