THE NOVELIST. THE MANXMAN.' Bt HALL CAINE. BOOK IV.—MAN AND WIFE. Cuatxeii XXVIL THE NEW LIFE. I Next morning, Kate said to herself, " BTy life must begiu again from to-day." She j had a secreL that Pete did not share. IJut ! she was not the first woman who had kept something from Iter husband. M hen people i had secrets which it would hurt others to 'reveal, they ought to keep them close. | Honour demanded that ehe should be as ; firm as a rock in blotting Philip from her soul. When she remembered the promise ! which Pete had demanded of Philip at the i wedding to make their house his home in ! liamsey, and saw that Philip must come, if | oulv to save appearances, she asked herself if she ought to prevent him. But no ! She resolved to conquer the passion that made his presence a danger. There was no safety in separation. In her relation to Philip she was like the convict who is beginning his life again—the only place where he can build up a sure career is precisely there, where his crime is known. Let Philip coine, she thought. She made his room ready. She wa3 married. It was her duty to be a , good wife. Pete loved her—bis love would ' make it easy. They were sitting at break j fast in the hall-parlour, and she said, '• I should like to be my own housekeeper, Pete." " And right, too." said Pete. " Be your own woman, darling—not your woman s woman — and have Mrs. Gorry lor your housemaid." To turn her mind from evil thoughts, she set to work immediately, and busied herself with little duties, little economies, little cares, little troubles. But the virtues of housekeeping were just those for which she had not prepared herself. Her first leg of mutton was roasted down to the proportions of a frizzled shank, and her first pudding was baked to the colour and consistency of a badly burnt brick. She did not mend rapidly as a cook, but Pete ate of all that his faultless teeth could grind through, and laid the blame on his appetite when his digestion failed. She strove by other industries to keep alive a sense of her duty as a wife. Buying rolls of paper at the paperhanger's, she set about papering every closet in the house. The patterns did not join, and the paste did not adhere. She initialled in worsted the new blankets sent by Grannie, with a P and a Q and a K intertwined. Then she overhauled the linen; turned out every room twice a week; painted every available wooden fix ture with paint which would not dry because she had mixed it herself to save sixpence a stone and forgotten the turpentine. Pete held up his hands with admiration at all her failures. She had thought it would be easy i to be a good wife to a good husband. It was hard—hard for anyone, hardest of all for her. There are the ruins of a happy woman in the bosom of every over-indulged wife. Slie coul.l not keep to anything long, but every night for a week she gave Pete lessons in reading, writing, and arithmetic. His reading was laborious, his spelling was eccentric, his figuring he did oil the tips of his heavy fingers, and his uniting he executed with his tongue in his cheek and his ponde rous thumb down on the pen nib. "What letter is that, Pete?" she said, pointing with her knitting needle to the page of a book of poems open before them. Pete looked up in astonishment. " Is it jne you're asking, Kitty ? If you don't know, L don't know." " That's a capital M, Pete." " Is it, now ?" said Pete, looking at the letter with a searching eye. " Goodness me, the straight it's like the gate of the long meadow. " And that's a capital A." "Sakes alive, the straight it's like the coupling of the cart-house." " And that's a B." "Gouah bless me, d'ye soy so? But the straight it's like the hoof of a bull, though." "And M A B spells Mab—Queen Mab," said Kate, going on with her knitting. Pelelookedupatherwitheyes wideopen. "I suppose now "—he said in a voice of pride " I suppose you're knowing all the big spells yourself, Kitty?" " Not all. Sometimes I have to look in the dictionary," said Kate. She showed him the book and explained its uses. "And is it taiching you to spell every word, Kitty f' he asked. " Every ordinary word," said Kate. " My gough!" said Pete, touching the book with awe. Next day be pored over the dictionary for an hour, but when he raised his face it wore a look of scepticism and scorn. " This spelling-book isn't taiching you nothing, darling," be said. "Isn't it, Pete?" "No, nothing," said Pete. "Here I've been looking for an ordinary word—a very ordinary word—and it isn't in." "What word is it?" said Kate, leaning over his shoulder. "Love" said Pete. "See," pointing his big forefinger, "that's where it ought to be, and where is it?" "But love begins lo," said Kate, "and you're looking at lu. Here it is— love." Pete gave a prolonged whiBtle, then fell back in bis chair, looked slowly up and said, "So you must first know how the word be gins ; is that it, Kitty t' " Why, yes," said Kate. "Then it's you that's taiching the epclling • The right pt publishing this work has been pur based by the proprietors of The AuitraUutan. book, darling; so we'll put it back on the shelf." For a fortnight Kate read and replied to Pete's correspondence. It was plentiful and various. Letters from heirs to lo3t fortunes offering shares in retai n for money to buy them oat of Chancery; from promoters of companies proposing dancing palaces to meet the needs of English visitors ; from parsons begging subscriptions to new organs; from fashionable ladies asking Pete to open bazaars; from preachers inviting him to anniversary tea-meetings, and saying Metho dism was proud of him. If anybody wanted mouey. he kissed the Blarney Stone and applied to Pete. Kate stood between him and the worst of the leeches. The best of them he contrived to deal with himself, secretly and surreptitiously. Sometimes there came acknowledgements oi charities of which Kate knew nothing. Then he would shuffle them away and 6he would try not to see them. "If I stop him altogether, I will spoil him," she thought. One day the post brought a large envelope with a great seal at the back of it, and Kate drew out a parchment deed and began to read the endorsement—' Memorandum of loan to Caesar Cre—'" " That's nothing," said Pete, snatching the document and staffing it into liis jacket pocket Kate lifted her eyes with a look of pain und shame and humiliation, and that was the end of her secretaryship. A month after their marriage a man came through thc.gate with the air of one who was doing a degrading thing. The dog, which had been spread oat lazily in the son before tbe porch, ieapt up and barked furiously. " Who's this coming up the path with his eyes all round him like a scallop?" said Pete. Kate looked. "• It's Ross Christian," she said, with a catch in her breathing, ltoss came up, and Pete met him at the door. His face was puffy and pale, his speech was soft and lisping, yet there lurked about the man an air of levity and irony. "Your dog doesn't easily make friends, Peter," he said. "lie's like his master, sir; it's against the principles of his life," said Pete. Hoss laughed a little. " Wonts to be approached with consideration, does he, Capi'n ?" " You see, he's lived such a long time in the world and seen such a dale," said«Pete. ltoss looked up sharply and said in another tone, " I've just dropped in to congratulate you on your return home in safety and health and prosperity, Mr. Quilliam." "You're welcome, sir," said Pete. Pete led the way indoors, ltoss followed, bowed distantly to Kate, who was unpicking j a dress, and took a chair." I " I must not conceal from you, however, that 1 have another object—in fact, a private matter," said Ross, glancing at Kate. The dress rustled in Kate's fingers, her scissors dropped on to tbe table, and she rose to go. Pete raised his hand. " My wife knows all my business," he said. ltoss gave out another little chirp of laughter. "You'll remember what they say of a secret, Captain—too big for one, right tor two, tight for three." " A man und his wife are one, sir—so that's two altogether," said Pete. Kate took up the scissors and went on I with her work uneasily. Ross twisted on hia | 6eat and said, " Well, I leel I must tell you, Peter." - . j '' Quilliam, sir," said Pete, charging a pipe; but Ross pretended not to hear. " Only natural, perhaps, for it—in fact, it's about our father." ' Tongue with me, tongue with thee," thought Pete, lighting up. " Five years ago he made me an allowance, and sent me up to London to study law. He believes I've been called to the English bar, and, in view of this vacant Deemster-1 6hip, he wants me admitted to the Manx one." Pete's pipe stopped in its puffing. " Well ?" " That's impossible." said Ross. " Tilings liaven'tcome with you, eh ?" "To tell you the truth, Captain, on first! going up I fell into extravagant company. 11 thought my friends were rich men, and 11 was never a niggard. There was Monty, the patron of the fancy"—the scissors in Kate's! hand clicked and stopped—and Ross blurted i out, " In fact I've not been called, and I^ve never studied at all." Ross squirmed in bis chair, glancing under his brows at Kate. Pete leaned forward and pufled up the chimney without speaking. "You see I speak freely. Peter—something compels me. Well, if a man can't reveal his little failings to his own brother, Peter " j " Don't let's talk about brothers," said Pete. " What am I to do for you ?" " Lend me enough to help me to do what our father thinks I've done already," said Ross, and then he added, hastily, "Ob, I'll j give you my note of hand for it." ! "They're telling me," said Pete, "your notes of hand are as cheap is cowries, sir." " Someone has belied me to you, Captain, i But for our father's sake—he has set his i heart on this Deemstership—there ma}' still be time for it" " Yes," said Pete, striking his open hand on the table, "and better men to liii it" Ross glanced at Kate, and a smile that was half a sneer crossed his evil face. " How nice," he 6aid, " when the great friends of the wife are also the great friends of tbe husband." "Just so," said Pete, and then Ross laughed a little, and the clicking of Kate's scissors stopped again. "As to you, sir," said Pete, rising, " if it's no disrespect, you're like the cormorant that chokes itself swallowing its food head-ways up. Its gills are sticking in your gizzard, sir, only," touching Ross's shoulder with something be tween a pat and push, "you shouldn t be coming to your father's son to help you to ram it down." As Ross went out .Caesar came in. "That wastrel's been wanting something," said Caesar. " The tide's down on him," said Pete. "Always was, and always will be. He was born at low water, and he'll die on the rocks. Borrowing money, eh?" said Caesar, with a searching glance. "Trying to," said Pete, indifferently. "Thenlend it, sir," said Caesar, promptly. " He's not to trtist, but lend it on his heir ship. Or lend it the ould man at mortgage on Ballawhaine. He's the besom of fire—if 11 come to you, sir, at the father's death, and who has more right?" The shank of Petie's pipe came down from his month as he sat for some moments beat ing out tbe ash on the jockey bar, " Some thing in that,: though," he said mechanically. " But there's another has first claim for all, He'd be Having the place now if everyone bad his own. I must be thinking of it—I must be thinking of it." Philip had left the island on the morning after the marriage. He had gone abroad and when they heard from him first he was at Cairo. The voyage out had done him good—the lopgr steady nights going down1 the Mediterranean—walking the deck alone —the soft air—the far-off lights—thought he waa feeling better—calmer anyway. He hoped they were settled in their new home, and well—and happy. Kate had to read the letter aloud. It was liken, throb of Philip's heart made faint, feeble, and hardly-to be felt by the great distance. Then she had to reply to it on behalf of Pete. " Tell him to be quick and come out of the land of Egypt and the house of bondage,"1 s'nid Pete. " Say there's no manner of sense I of a handsome young man living in a country where there isn't a pretty face to be seen: on the isunny Bide of a blanket. Write that Kirry joins with her love and best respects and she's busy whitewashing, and he'd better have no truck with Pharaoh's daughters." The next time they heard from Philip he was at ltome. He had suffered from sleep lessness, but was .not otherwise unwell. Living in that city was like an existence after death—all the real life was behind you. but it was not unpleasant to walk under the big moon ntnid the wrecks of the past He congratulated Mrs. Quilliom on her active occupation—work was the same as suffering—it was strength and power. Kate bad to read this letter also. It was like a sob coming over the sea. " Give him a merry touch to keep up his pecker," said Pete. " Tell him the homans are ter'ble jealous chaps, and, if he gets into a public-house for a cup of tay, he's to mind and not take the girls on his knee—the Komnns don't like it. The lust time they heard from Philip he was in London. His old pain had given way; he thought he was nearly well again, but he luid come. through a sharp tire. The Governor had bpen very,good—kept open the Deemstership by some means—also sur rounded him by London friends—he was ont every night. Nevertheless, an unseen force was drawing liirn home—they might see liiin soon, or it might be later ; lie had been six months away, bnt he felt that it had not bpen all waste and interruption—he would return with a new sustaining power. This letter could not be answered, for it bore no address. It came by the night mail with the same day's steanier from England. Two hours later, Mrs. Gorry ran in from an errand to the town, saying— '' I believe in my heart I saw Mr. Philip Christian going by on tbe road." " When ?" said Pete. " This minute," she answered. " Chut, woman," eaid Petj; " the man's in London. Look, here's his letter"— running his forefinger along the headline— " London, January 2Lst—that's yesterday. See ?' Mrs. Gorry was perplexed. But the next night she was out at the snme hour on the same errand, and came liying into the house, with a scared look, making the same announcement. " See for yourself, then," she cried; " he's going np the lane by the garden." " Nonsense, it's browning you're ateing with your barley," said Pete; and then to Kate, tohind his hand, he whispered, " Whisht! It's sights she seeing, poor thing —and no wonder, with her husband laving her so lately." But the third night also Mrs. Gorry returned from a.siuiilar errand, at the same hour, with the same statement. " I'm sure of it," she panted. She was now in terror. An idea of the supernatural had taken hold of her. " The woman manes it," said Pete, and he 1 began to cross-question: her. IIow was Mr. ! Christian dressed? She hadn't noticed that I night, but the first night he had worn a coat j like an old Manx cape. Which way was he j going? She couldn't tie certain which way j to-night, hut the night before lie had gone up : the lane between the chapel and the garden. I Ifad she seen his face at all ? The first time j she had seen it, and it was very thin and pale. | " Oh, I wouldn't decave you, sir," said Mrs. : Gorry, and she fell to crying. j " Gough bless me, but this is mortal; strange, though," said Pete. j " What time was it exactly, Jane?" asked ■ Kate. ! " On the minute of ten every night," j answered Mrs. Gorry. " Is there anydiffrance in time, now," said ■ Pete, " between the Isleof Man and London. Kitty f' " Nothing to speak of," said Kate. Pete scratched his head. " I must be putting j a sight up on Black Tom. A dirty ould trouss, but he knows the ould Manx yarns about right If it had been Midsummer Day, now, and Philip had been in bed somewhere, it might have been his spirit coming home j while be was sleeping to where his heart is— j they're telling of the like, anyway." ■ Kate read the mystery after her own manner, and on the following night at the approach of ten o'clock, she went into the parlour off the hall, whence a window looked out qii to the road. The day hud been dull, and the night was mist}-. A heavy white hand seemed to have come down on to the face of sea and land. Everything lay still and dead and ghostly. Kate was in the dark room, trembling, hut not with fear. Presently a form that was like a shadow passed under a lamp that glimmered opposite. She could see only the outlines of a Spanish cape. But Bhe listened for the footsteps, and sue knew them. They came on and . paused, came up and paused again, and then they went past and deadened off and died in the dense night air. Kate's eyes were red and swelled when she came back to supper. She had promised herself enjoyment of Philip's sufferings. There was no enjoyment, hut only a cry of yearning from tbe deep place where love calls to love. Next -day she hunted a writing-desk sent home to her from Sulby for a packet of Philip's letters. Most of them belonged to the period of the Dooiney MoUa, and were concerned with messages of Pete's. But they seemed to emit the odour of the Melliah and the thaltban. Theyought to be destroyed. Kate could not destroy them. Do what she would, she could hot It seemed to be like taking the li fe of someone who bad been her Belf at Borne time. In a drawer of -the .spare bedroom (the room over the. hall—the room intended fqr Ph|lip) she locked them away, and then tried to wash her mind free of the memory of their existence. Also she tried al'resh to make the thought of Philip sink to the loweBt depths of her being. It waa hard —it was impossible: Pete was for ever strengthening the recollection of liira—of his ways, his look, his voice, his langb. . What he said was only the echo of her own thoughts, but it was pain and torment, nevertheless. She felt like crying, " Let me alone, let me alone 1" People in the town began to talk of Mrs. Gorry s mysterious stories. Philip will be forced to come now," thought Kate, and he came. Kate was alone. It was afternoon; dinner was over, tire, hearth was swept, the-fire was heaped np, una the rug was down. He entered the porch - quietly, tapped lightly at the/door, and sapped into the house. He hoped she was ^ , She answered mechanioally. He sued after Pete, She replied vacantly that lie had been prone since morning on some fishing business to Peel. It was a common! p!ace conversation—brief, cold, aiffi08t softly, and. stood in the middle of the floor, swinging his soft hat against hisJeg. She was standing by the fire with one hand on tlie mantelpiece and he* head half aside, looking Bide ways to wards hie feet, bnt she noticed that his eyes looked larger than before, and that his voice, though so soft, had a deener tone. At first she did not remember to aBk.him to sit, and when she thought of it she could not do so The poor little words would have seemed to be a formal recognition of all that had happened so terribly—that she was mistress in that house, and the wife of Pete. They were standing so, in a silence hard to break, harder still to keep up, when Pete himself came back, like a rush of wind, and welcomed Philip with both hands. " Sit, boy, sit,' he cried ; " not that one— this nisy one. Mine ? Well, if it's mine, it's yours. Not had dinner, have you? Neither have I. Any cold mate left, Kitty? Fry us a chop, then, darling." Kate had recovered herself by this rime, and she went out on this errand. While she was away, Pete rattled on like a mill-race— asked about the travels, laughed about the girls, and roared about Mrs. Gorry and her ghost of Philip. "Keen buying a Nickey at Peel to-day, Phil," he eaid; "good little boat—a reg'lar clipper. Aw, I'm going to Btart on the herrings myself next Bsyson, sir, and what for shouldn't I? Too many of the Manx ones are giving the fishing the go-by. There's life it) the oula dog yet, though. Would be, anyway, if them Knys woulcf be doing any thing tor the industry. They're building Siers enough for the trippers, butnever a reakwater the size of a tooth-brush for the fishermen. That's reminding me, Phil—the boys are at me to get you to petition the Tyn wald Coort for better harbours. They're losing many a pound by not getting out all weathers. Put if the child doesn't cry, the mother will be giving it no breast So we mane to squall till they think in Douglas we've got spavined wind or population of the heart, or something. The men are looking to you, Phil. "That's the boy for us,' Bays they, ' lie's 6tood our friend before, and he'll do it again,' they're saying." Philip promised to draw up the petition, and then Mrs. Gorry came in and laid the cloth. Kate, meanwhile, had been telling herself that she had not done well. Where was the satisfaction she had promised herself on the night of her wedding day, when she had seen Philip from the height of a great re venge, if she allowed him to think that she also was suffering? She must be bright, she must lie gay, she must seem to be happy and in love with her husband. She returned to the hall-parlour with a smoking dish, and n face all sunshine. " I'm afraid they're not very good, dear " she said. " Chut!" said Pete ; " we're not partic'lar. Phil and I have roughed it before to-dav." She laughed merrily, and, under pretext of giving orders, disappeared again. Put she had not belied the food she had set 011 the table. The mutton was badly fed, badly killed, badly cut, and, above* all, badly cooked. To eat it was an ordeal. Philip tried hard not to let Pete see how he struggled. Pete fought valiantly to conceal his own efforts. The perspiration began to break out on their foreheads. Pete stopped in the midst of some wild talk to glance up at Philip. Philip tore away with knife and fork, and answered vaguely. Then Pete looked 8earchingly around, rose on tiptoe, went stealthily to the kitchen door, came, back, caught up a piece of yellow paper from the sideboard, whipped the chops iuto it from his own plate and then from Philip's, and crammed them into his jacket pocket. *' No good hurting anybody's feelings," said l.c ; and then Kate reappeared, smiling. "Finished ulready?" she said, with an elevation of pitch. " Ha ! ha !" laughed Pete. " Two hungry men, Kate! You'll rather keep us a week than a fortnight, eh ?"' Kate stood over the empty dish with a look of surprise. Pete winked furiously at ■Philip. Philip's eyes wandered about the tablecloth. " She isn't knowing much about a hungry man's appetite, is she, Phil?" " But," said Kate—" but," sbe stammered —" what's become of the bones Y' Pete scratched his cliiu through his beard. "The bones? Oh, the bones? Aw, no, we're not ateing the bones, at all." Then, with a rush, as his eyes kindled, " But the dog, you see—cooree we always give the bones to the dog—Dempster's dead on bones." Dempster was lying at the moment full length under the table, snoring audibly. Mrs. Gorry cleared the cloth, and Kate took up her sewing and turned towards the side board. "Has anyone 6een my pattern?" she asked. "Pattern?" said Pete, diving into his jacket pocket. " D'ye say_ pattern," he muttered, rummaging at his side. "Is this it?" and out came theyellow paper, crumpled and greasy, which had gone in with the chops. " Bless me, the stupid a man is now —I took it for a pipe light" Kate's smile vanished, and she fled out to hide her face. Then Pete whispered to Philip, " Let's take a sliea round to the Plough." They were leaving the house on that errand when Kate came back to the hall. "Just taking a lil walk, Kirry/'said Pete. " They re telling me iris good wonderful after dinner for a wake digestion of the chest," and be coughed repeatedly arid smote bis resounding breast „ .. " Wait a momentand I'll go with you, saia Kate. There was no help for it Kate s shopping took them In the direction of the Plough. Old Mrs. Beatty, the innkeeper, was at the door as they passed, and when she saw Pete approaching,, on the inBide of the three, sbe said alond—meaning no mischief— *°ur bread and cheese and porter are ready, as usual, Captfit" ■ -. The man was killing her. To be 1»8 spoiled and adored wife, knowing she was unworthy of his ■ love and tenderneBst was not happiness—it was grinding misery; bringing death into her soul. If he baa blamed her for her .incompetence; it he had scolded her for making his home cheerless; nay, if he had beaten her, sue could have borne with life, and taken ner putward sufferings for her inward punisn "she fell into fits of hysteria. Mt whole hours listless, with her feet on^the fenden and even broke into bouts of invitetjop.. rwnp a! rarely, He waafull of excuses—work-irwu studies—the Governorship aunt : Pete said "Cooise," and "Sareenly,".and^AVonidnf trust" until Philip began to beashamedi and Se'vening he ,came, k>oking 6t=er «.an usual with a more sustaining cheerfulness,, and plumped' intothehousewiththe words, " I've come at lastl" • . " To stay the night ?" said Pete. "Certainly," said Philip. • "Well, that's lucky and unlucky too, for I'm this minute for Peel with two of the hovs to fetch round my Nickey by the njnht tide. But you'll stay and keep the wile company, and I'll he back first fade in the morning. You'll be obliged to him, won't you, Kate?" he cried, pitching his voice over his shoulder; and then, in a whisper, " She's a bit down at whiles, and what wonder, and ber so near—but you'll Bee, you'll see," and he winked and nodded know ^There was no harking back, no sheering off on the score of modesty before Pete's large faith. Kate looked as if she would cry " Mercy, mercy 1" but when shesaw the same appeal on Philip's face she was stung. Pete went off, and then Kate and Philip Bat down to tea. While tea lasted it was not hard to till the silences with commonplaces. After it was over she brought him a pipe, and they lapsed into difficult pauses. Philip puffed vigorously and tried to look luippy. Kate struggled not to let Philip see that she was ill n.t ease. Every moment their imagina tion took a new turn. He began to read a book, and while they" sat without speaking Blie thought it was hardly nice of him to treat lier with indifference. When he spoke: she thought he was behaving with less polite ness than before. He went over to the piano and they sang a part-song, "Oh, who Avill o'er the downs so tree?" Their voices went well enough together, but they broke down; The more they tried to forget the past, the more they remembered it. -He twiddled the backs of Ilia finger-tips over the keyboard ; she swung on one foot and held to the candle bracket while they talked of Pete. That name seemed to fortify them against the scouts of passion. Pete was their bulwark. It was the old theme, but played as a tragedy, not as a comedy, now. "It is delightful to see you settled in this beautiful home," he said. " Isn't it beautiful!" she answered. " You ought to be very happy." " Why should I not be happy ?" with a little laugh. " Why, indeed ? A home like a nest and a husband that worships you " She laughed again because she could not speak. Speech was thin gauze, laughter was rolling smoke : so she laughed and laughed. " What a fine hearty creature he is 1" said Philip. " Isn't he 1" said Kate. " Education and intellect don't always go together." "Any wife might love such a husband," said Kate. "So simple, so natural, so unsus picious " But that was coming to quarters too close so they fell back on silence. The silence was awful; the power of it was pitiless. It they could have spoken the poorest common places, the spell might have dissolved. Philip thought he would rise, but he could not do so. Kate tried to turn away, but felt herself roc ted to the spot. With faces aside they remained some moments where they were, as if a spirit had passed between them. Mrs. Gerry came in to lay the supppr, and then Kate recovered herself. She got back her .power of laughter, and laughed at every thing. He thought, " How happy she must be," and at tirst his heart rose, end then it sank as he listened. At last she lit a candle and said, " I must show you to your room." \- She talked cheerily going upstairs. Oil the landing she opened the door of the room above the hall, went into it, and drew down the blind. She was still fall of good spirits, said perhaps he had no nightshirt, so she had left out one of Pete's, hoped he would find it big enough, and laughed again, lie took the candle from her at the threshold, and kissed the hand that had held it. She stood a moment quivering like a colt, then 6he bounded away ; there was the clash ot a door somewhere bpyond, and Kate was in her own room, kneeling before the bed with lier face buried in the counterpane to stifle the sobs that might break through the walls. Pete's Nickey came into harbour with the morning tide, and the three breakfasted to gether. As Kate moved heavily in front of the fire. Pet* crowed, cooed, and scattered wise winks round the table. " More milk, mammy," he whimpered, and then he imitated ail kinds of baby prattle. After breakfast the men smoked, and Kate took up her sewing. She was occupy ing herself with the little laltoura, so pretty, so full of delicate humour and delicious joy, which usually open a new avenue for a woman's tenaemess. Philip's eyes fell on her, and she dropped low into her lap the tiny piece of white linen she was working on. Pete saw this, stole to the back of her chair, reached over her Bhouldcr, snatched the white thing out of her lingers, held it outstretched in his ponderous hands, and roared like a smithy bellows. It was a baby's shirt "Never mind, darling," he coaxed, aB the colour leapt to Kate's face; " Philip must be a sort of a father to the boy home duv—a god father, anyway—so he won't mind seeing his lil shiff.w We must be calling him Philip, too. -What do you say, Kirry ? Philip, is it agreed?" 