THE GHOST DANCE. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit nessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one of them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half-breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. Many of the Sioux are farmers and freighters, and their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled themselves to modern ways, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at dark, and though the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves were in full war paint. The warriors formed in rows at the eastern end of the camp, those in front kneeling, with the young bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was apause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute inmnobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chant ing what sounded like a dirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells. Thie warriors advanced, and joining hands in a larger circle behind the old sqluaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the white man. The old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been diipped in some kind of pitch. Ileturning with these, they stole like shadows under the linked arms of the warriors, and passed through the circle like a procession of sphinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when every one concerned in it is more or less exhausted. An English Billion of seconds has not elapsed since the world began. No matter what their daily cares, parents should find time to take their children upon their knees, and caress them with kind words and tender tnuches. :::. r~ g, u i?ians love mie as muon ce you do now ?" Sie: " Why, to be sure."' He: "And-and-do you think yoes nmther wil lwatsbes l assd p m Is.h i Nag r 