MISSION WORK IN SINGAPORE. In many bomeB that we visit we reoeive a warm welcome, but there is one woman who is very hearty in her greeting She is comparatively a new friend. One day I was out visiting with Mrs. Pierce, one of our Bible women. She took ?ma to a home where there were a number of women, one I particularly noticed whose faoe was all bleaohed and marked. ' What ia the matter with that woman ?' I enquired as we left the home. ' Tou will be afraid if I tell you,' Mrs. Pierce replied. ' Oh, no, I won't, ' I said, 1 1 am used to all sorts of diseases now. It is leprosy is it not?1 'YeB,' my friend said, ' It iB not often she shows herself, but she is getting used to me now.' Next time I visited this home I was alone. The women orowded round me for a story. The wonderful love of Jesus was my theme, my own heart warmed as I told of it. How hurigerly the leper woman questioned 1 She followed me to the door and asked me to pray that the light might shine in her heart too.. It soon became a weekly pleasure for me to go to see this woman. In a short time I persuaded her to learn Bomanised Malay, now Bhe can spell out verses in the gospel. One day she saw some pictures of the suffering Saviour. 1 Oh, how much He en dured for us !' she said, 'Where could we 'find anyone else who would bear all that for us. We ought to love Him! You English people have known all about it sinoe your childhood, how grateful you must be 1' 'Yes,' I replied, ' We know we have been taught, but many of us hear and then go away and forget.' The other day this woman, thanking me for coming to teach her, said : ' If it were a debt of money I owed you, I could return the money and the debt would be cancelled, but this debt of kindness I cannot return, it wQl never be cancelled.' Is it any wonder ik . missionary loves her work, when she knows light has come to lonely, sad hearts, and poor afflicted ones find a friend in the Great Physician, and have a hope of enter ing the land where they will no more say, ' I am sick.' The Chinese people of Singapore are bound and hampered by many foolish cus oms. Many of them know they are use less, but they have not sufficient force of character to get out of the ruts. The other day a woman whom we were visiting, entertained ub by telling us of the absurdity of some of the Chinese burial cus toms. She told us how a relation of hers had died, how she had often said she would . like to die without a lingering sickness, and to be buried quiokly, so as not to be a bur den to her Mends. She did die after being sick but a few days. So many relatives had to be consulted over the burial, and for over three months the coffined corpse waB kept in the house. As long as it was there it was necessary for the inmates to salute every fresh person that came in at the door ; to fall down at his feet and with loud cries and entreaties beseech the new comer to bring baok the soul of the departed, at the same time recounting her good deeds and bemoaning their loss. Until, as the woman said, ' their eyes were dry and they knew not where to get tearB from.' Then, too, they must each go every morning and call the dead to rise, and sob because ehe heard not ; for every meal they must do the same, and the last thing at night announoe the faot that the time for retiring had come. The woman said, ' Was not all that silly, we knew that if the hautu (ghost) heard our voices, and came baok to the body, we would all run away with fear. Not two or three hundred dollars do we spend on a funeral, but thousands and thousands. We do this because we are afraid people will say we are eating the money instead of reverencing our dead.' One Sunday morning when we Dea oonesses were going to the early service, we saw a Tamil woman punohing and kicking a little girl. Thinking this troat ment too severe Miss Ferris stepped over to Srevent it, and I followed her. The woman esisted and looked much ashamed. Dur ing the week I went to visit the little girl and found she lived in a dark damp lane, and that many other Tamil ohildren live there also. My heart went out after these j little ones and I much wished to have a Sunday Bohool for them. So one Sunday a young Tamil lad — a good Christian worker, came with me. We went to the house of the woman whose acquaintance I had made, asked permission to gather the chil dren together in her house. It was given. Soon the little ones oame around out of curiosity and we began our sohool. Things went on well for two or three Sundays, then we went one day as usual, the woman seemed much annoyed. She said we had no business coming there, and teaching the ohildren .another religion ; Bhe said, too, the parents were not going to let them oome any more. Whilst she was talking I waB praying for guidanoe and de cided if the woman did not want us we must not trespass in her home, so went out into the passage. In no time the children gathered. For two Sundays we taught them in the right-of-way. We had to stand bolt upright to keep out of the Bun on one side and a foul drain on the other. But on the third Sunday a boy asked us into his home. His mother made us welcome and swept up the floor a bit. It is a very poor home, a bench on either side of the room is the only furniture. More children oome ; they seem to enjoy tbe singing, ' Jesus loves me.' They have learnt in Tamil also the texts ' God is love,' and ? Thou God seest me.' Last month Miss Ferris and I went to Palimbury in Sumatra, a journey of about 36 hours by sea from Singapore. We went on an evangelistic trip, for we had been told that there were women there who would listen to the Gospel. The principal street in Palimbnry is the broad river ; houses are built on rafts whioh are securely fastened to stakes that are driven into the bed of the river. We stayed in one of these iTiVUl ilUUBDD BIIU-WCIO DUO £U«BLb Ui tfc WWi' to-do Chinaman. Every night we had the opportunity of talking to the women of thiB household, and would frequently hear the wife reading the Bible we had sold to her aloud late into the night. We took with us about one hundred and fifty Gospels and seven hundred little books and tracts. We sold all. As we went about selling our books, we had to walk on banked up roads, then oame to houses con nected together by rude plank bridges or logs, not always easy to walk on. From one house we were called to another, our tracts sold quickly, our gospels more slowly, but none seemed to have the bitter hatred to the name of Jobub that the Malays of Singapore have. In the houses we would sing, read speci mens from our books, and tell of the Saviour of mankind. We stayed in Palim bury eight days. We hope to have another opportunity of witnessing for Christ there Sophia Blackmore. 