PEDLAR'S PACK, I I Br ÀUTOLYCUS.J DEBATES on the Budget have occupied the time of Parliament in this colony, and in Victoria during the past week ; and in both colonies things appear ripe for an early division. No doubt the Government will in each case be victorious. Mr. Reid seems to have settled the difference with Mr. Wise which threatened to lead to a rift in the party, and Mr. M'Millan's utter- ance on . Thursday evening has further strengthened the hands of Ministers] The declaration of the ex Treasurer in. favor, of direct taxation to'the extent of £1,000,000 per annum being -imposed : at once is significant, addshould serveto'prick the sides of Mr. Reid's intent" in regard to pressing on with the unimproved land value and income taxes. The "Premier, however, was quite correct in antici- pating that the Government would have " a bitter battle to fight '-with the Upper House, of course-before that taxation could be obtained, "as he knew- his proposals touched every vested interest." The. same battle is ahead of Mr. Turner in Victoria, with a Council which will be. still more difficult to manage than ' our own, because it is elected by a large constituency in which vented interests have a majority. It will be interesting t<> watch the developments of the coming constitutional contests in the cwo colonies. , * * Mr. Kingston is more fortunate io South Australia with a Council which Mr. Ebenezer Ward has declared to be more " nihil istically socialistic, anarchical, and destructive of every- thing sound thant even the other branch of the Legislature." Hence it is, perhaps, that: he has. again shown the way to all ' his. brother Australian Premiers in the Credit Fancier Bill introduced last week. A The bill is certainly a great improvement on the measure passed by the late Patterson Government in Victoria-which was of the " letting-I-dare-npt-wait-upon-I would " order. Mr. Kingston has seized, the opportunity to boldly grapple with the question of establishing a State note issue, which he proposes te take into the hands of the Government Savings Bank, for- bidding other banks ; to issue notes within the province of Soutti Australia after January next. Of course there is a Conservative outcry against this proposal, ' which your "true blue" Tory looks on as little short of sacrilege. The Conservatives had made up their minds not to oppose the Credit Foncier part of the bill proper-viz., advances on easy terms to producers-else how were the farmers, with whom chev desire to curry favor, to be saved. They had reconciled themselves to so much State interference with their usurious profits; but when the Government steps in to take over the paper currency and its profits-which- it hardly needs argument to show should bein the hands of th* State justas much as the metal currency-then their gorge rises, and the Government is described as " a team of cheap jack politicians with a fool at their bead !" If Charles Cameron Kingston is a a fool, then it is devoutly to be prayed than Providence would send a few more such fools to save other Australian colonies which have drifted to the verge of ruin through-Tory control or direc- tion in the past. I notice that South Australia-which is held up by Con- servatives as the " shocking example" ia the way of socialistic and radical legislation run wild-is, after all, the only colony which has been able tc make both ends meet in regard to revenue and expenditure.^ *.'* Mrs. Annie Besant is doubtless a clever woman, though perhaps not quite the marvel that she was, for advertising purposes, represented to ' be. But hei recent defence' of Mrs. Mellon, tht exposed Sydney medium, is decidedly naïve, if nothing more. Wheo Mrs. j Besant claims that " every allowance should nfl made for a delicate, hysteri- cal medium, who, when failing to materialise spirits, resorts to deception to satisfy her audience," she at once gives the casie away. If she admits deception in one instance, how can she vouch that there was none in another? And if mediums are usually delicate, hysterical people, may they nob beself -deceived at times when they are not consciously deceiving the public 1 lb is significant that, persons mentally and physically sound-mens sana in cor- pore sano-are i seldom troubled about spirit manifestations, though they may have a superstitions belief in ghosts or "second sight," acquired by heredity, and due doubtless to that ancestor worship which was one of the earliest religious developments amongst primeval man, and which still exists amongst many Eastern nations-notably, the Chinese. In fact, this spirit business (including the " astral bodies" of the Theosophists) seems to me to smack largely of self deception and jugglery, though there may be isolated phenomena connected with it due to natural causes not yet thoroughly explained by science. At any rate, none of these spirits have yet told us anythiag worth knowing, and I feel sure that they never will add to our store of useful, information. * * .* ?" k It ia a common practice with Radi- cal orators and writers to denounce Luxury, hplding with the poet that it is «« accursed by heaven's decree." But it occurs to me that they ought, under present social conditions, to encourage rather than denounce luxury on the part of the inordinately rich, for it forms one; of the chief channels for the restitution of unjust gains wrung from the masses. Gibbon, the great his- torian of " The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire," saw this clearly; for in referring to the luxury which prevailed after the establishment of the iüoapire by Augustus, he has thé following-just and acute passage :-" It might, per- haps^ be more conducive to the virtue as well as the happiness of mankind if all possessed the necessaries and none the dupsrflúities of life: But, in the present imperfect condition of society, luxury, though it may proceed from vice or folly, seems to be the only means that can correct the unequal distribution of property." These sen- tences were written over 100 years ago, and yet they seem to anticipate in a great measure the basis of the Socialist movement of the present day. This keen insight was doubtless an outcome of the study bf history-a study too much neglected by the politicians and people of Australia. * * # As if he had not a sufficiently troublesome quarrel with the House of Lords already, Lord Rosebery went out of his way in his recent speech at the Guildhall banquet to quarrel with "an unreflecting Press," which he regards as one of the chief dangers in international affairs and the cause of much trouble , with European nations. There can be no doubt that, speaking broadly, the British Premier is quite correct ; in. attribu ti ag the brewing of much ...international mischief to the newspapers. The Conservative jour- nals of London are the worst offenders, for they are always goading at France over Siam and Madagascar and similar mat-ers. Perhaps it was this circum- stance that added point to Lord Rose- bery's remarks, and caused them to be taken up so sharply hythe Times. The Premier certainly gave that journal an opening by alluding to the publication of the "unfounded;report" that New Zealand desired the control of Samoa as one of. those thingB that created international troublé ; for there can be no doubt that the New Zealand Government did iutimata Borne- desire of that kind to the Colonial Office. Perhaps Lord Rosebery meant that ie was indiscreet in the Press-one of those actions which he considered merited the epithet " unreflecting"-to publish the fact. . But in that case the Aus- tralian newspapers must take the blame, for it was they that first promulgated the news; and even ii the London journals had suppressed it, it waa certain to reach Germany and arouse . those jealous susceptibilities which British diplomatists find such difficulty I in allaying. - Besides,, it was hardly the thing for Lord Rosebery to preach to the Press in this connection just after he himself had flung Agincourt in the teeth of France in addressing a public meeting. 