THE STORYTELLER.: ECHOES OF OLD 1051X0 DATS. THE BOSS'S WIFE. I tell too there wasn't a ™n amooe as— to^fa utd ready aant as are a ere—wbo . wxmidn*! hare laid down his life for tbe Loss any day, if it had pkaad the Lord to pve as the chance, bat things in tfas world work ' different fm what we expect '«■ to some how. Who vubU hare fhoeght 'tsddd ever ; hare leen oar hard kit la carry bone poor Jack Emngtcm's mangled body on a shatter— him as knew riwy indb of the nm^bob and oat; him as had ben oar "andeggroaad boss ""far many a long year! And tbe worst of it was he had a young oile, job ace a ' pretty, foreign-lookiag creator* he bad picked ap somea-berr; " Maddalena " he asrd to call brr. She was a fine woman, boys: there's oi ; two trays aboot it- She had the cmmixxgrst, shiny black carte, aril the brightest, sweetest Ihck eyes, as ever stole a man's heart oat of : him, and a happy laugh with her it did one ' good to hear. So fond of him die was, poor i soaL How were we to tell her? Twaa little : wonder thete wasn't a dry eye among as that ;day. Hot that job was taken out of oar hands, i too—maybe for the beet. Yon see a lien the whistle Wew thai monun*, strikin' terror into the heart of every wife and mother in the ' diggin's, she was a-sxttin' in the sunshine out side ber cottage door, singio* in her pretty | broken English some old lore song to her 'babe, a kxekin", crowin" little fellow al>oot eight months okl—poor Jack's pride and darlin'. Bless me. bow be did lore that ; child ! Bat that's neither here nor there. She I saw all the women rashin' from their homes, , a-wringm* of their hands, and makin' like mad things for the claim, afore a thought strode ber that the screechin' and wailin* of that there Magdala whistle weren't all for noth in',though it was as lovely a spring day as God ever made, and every man had gone by to his work long since as merry as a schoolboy when tasks are done. Where she left her baby I don't know. Tbe fiat thing 1 reoollect » the aeein* of ber as pale ■ as a ghost at tbe month of tbe shaft, when I we hauled np all that was left of poor Jack | Errington. My God, what is time in n woman's shriek that drives tbe blood from a man's face, and makes bis knees shake together like as if he had the ague ? Lord, bat it was terrible to see that poor distracted creator'! We woo Id have spared ber the right if we onM ; oar women-folk were for dinggin* her off with them, but she poshed as all away with her hands—ber little, trembtin* hands grown strong as any tiger's dawn—a-aerramin' to I Heaven to help ho-, to spare her fierhosband, ber babe's father, ber on'y friend! Sbethre herself on her knees beside him, and lifted his bead to ber bosom. Tbe blood was runnin' down bis face, bntshe kissed it with passionate kisses that ought to have waked the dead. We all thoeght be was dead, yon see, bat be wasn't quite, for all onasaddint a sbirer ran throagh his mangled frame, and be looked np with a dazed sort of look, yoa know, wonderin' like. Bat when he saw her bendin'orer him, and felt ber scabiin'team droppin' on his face,he cotter gaesaed, 1 think. But he didn't enow no sorrow. On'y a bright, lovin* light came into his big brown eyes (Jack always,had the kindest,Jovingest of eyes; there is on'y one pair in die world minds me of 'em now, and they are my faith ful old dog, Bruno's). Such a shinin' light; onr own grew dim to see it! He tried to lift his hand to put it on ber head, niayl«e, for them carls of hem was fallin'over his breast, and he always did rare aboot her beautiful hair, poor fellow! Well, his hand dropped again, o' coarse ; there was no strength there, as yon may | guess. I I was kneetin' by him—close to her, for yon | see I kind of wanted him to know I wonbl ] stick to the lass through her trouble when he ' was gone, so 1 lifted his hand np on to brr head for him, and held it there. He thanked me, mates, with a look. Am t an old fool that my eyes are wet, now, when I think of it? He tried tospeak. Very taint, very alow die words came, hot I heard him, I htard every word — " Mate—be—good—to—her— Madda—lena—darlin"—God be—with—yoa— till—we " That was all. " Till we meet again," he meant, yon know. Many a tune he'd song that hymn, boys, in the old church on the hill, but i never noticed the words partikler like till that sad morntn'. Anothet stronger shiver went through bis body. I pat his hand gently down. The doctor wascomin' post haste, hot he wasn't wanted after all. With his wife's kisses on his lips, and oar smothered sobbin' in his ears, the boss we loved so wfll had gone to heat better ^gold than earth's mullock-heap could give him! But she wouldn't believe be was dead, poor lass! Not for many k long day ooald we get ber pitiful cries oat of oar earn. I never see i be mine, bat I bear her cryin'—" O Jack, Jack, my darlin'. Speak totnei Stay with me! 1 am here by yon- ace—yonr own Maddalena! O Father in Heaven, apare ium tomef ■ " ••«?. . WelLwe did what we ooold for fHT. poor soal. We went mad with the hatthttntght, ha via' not only her bnt the little'an in mind. Jack bad always jot goodwages, aawagra go, bat we knew tight wdl be hadn't been of the sarin* kind. "He was a deal too gopd natur'd and open-handed vfer/iifadk hand toafellow down on Idtla^ starrin' widow or a bomelew SihUd ? -Who had been to every man as A brother, whafc ever bis nation or creed ? JnckEmngtoiy tobesnre l And would we forgrt it for him. now he was gone? We gathered a tidy gfiin: thai, Win' a bit relieved after that, some of as took a walk past the oottajre jnst to aee if tbe women:o!k bad managed* 4o coasthe poor lass to rest; but no! She was sobbiti' and screatnin' still, and through it all ran die] wail of that blessed babe. Both on 'em cryin'' for Jack, and be lyin' stiff ami cold inside with never a word! 1 couldn't stand it. I went borne and to bed, bat aill night long I heard her aobbin' in my dreams—poor little j lonely foreign body, with neither kith nor kin j in wide Australia!—and again and again] Jacks weak,, faint voice, whispering .orejri and over—"Male, be good to her) Mate,] be good to her 1" *r-j What woke me all of a snddint I don't know, bnt I did wake, with the cold sweat standtn op nty forehead and a nmr feel in"] all over fire,. 1 feat hp. I diatiocuy iieaidJ above dt nw of tbf btftnjr a v«oifl'« Mojd-cmid) in' shriek—one *94 Scream, m> Bare. I knrv at oooe—I felt it ouokl be ! fna do ottm- bat Maddalena Krnr^Um * I Bat bo* had die got mi near ? Hrr home j vms fall a tbier^mrtrf mile *aa;! It diJo't ibkeofknttniltw, I (dljvi! 1 rashed joat into lb'dark night, but notasoal «nU II «f. The flt<aod ltad oanw from Big Hill richteooogh, bat what *aa abe doing there? i A thomfit s.rock n»e that made me ack with lienor. The shafts, mf Cud, the It [mcbodtltll «t 'em, and on'y ame mem jolrtRtdflKT. | Dick Grty lived next door. 1 mmi htm 1 ap in a trioklii«. ami topdher, boptn in hand, me stattei for the hill. We searched all over it, me eten lintrned rhrimn there ■as a bote, and called again and asain. hat there mas neither sound nor ato. I lelt a l>it of a fool, and Dick looked at me as if be thoegbt I nut be mad or drunk, or-loth. So me came lack. Bet me bad barely reached oar own 0t*e mfeen are beard someone callinx aa lij am, and tamed goond to find the two nmw vb>> had been left in change of poor Jack Erring ton's wife, running np to n, their teeth duttrmiR in their beads, to tell as she had given "em the slip, and had cleared not of the boow, the;- fcnew not where, bat tbey were sieved she was making ner way to ibe mine. Yob might her knocked me down with a feather, i forgot they mm women, and mar be couldn't have helped it. f swore at 'em roomily, and so did Dick. If they were angels jnst come down we'd hare done the same ; oar brarta wen- so aore, you see, and we felt it was all ap with the boss's wife— poor crazy, broken -hearted lass. Well, we were aoun joined by every miner on that side the HOI, bat it was on'y when day broke t that we found poor Haddalena Errington. | Yea. we found her—not in them earned shafts, though; we wen spared that, bat 'twas nearly as lad alter alL Wasehe living? Dripping and stH!, and- cold—atone dead, mates—ay, Mont dead; for we did everything, man con Id do to make ante after we had dragged her body sp from the deepest part of tin Magdala Dam. Yoa see that date was jest shout < the mine, a few handred yards away. It1 a dark, lonely spot at night. What notion was in the poor craned tody's bead no one can telL hot that she dang herself in, a-! jok uT tot Jack, is saruiii, jest as sanain as «he lay there, stone dead, with her pntty Mack carta ail vet and draggled, and a restful look on her bonny face. Well, we said nothinV not a sxan «>t ns. We jeatstood sad looked at her till somebody brought aumetiun' to carry her home on. Then are lifted her ap as tender as me knew how, and took her back to Jack. The boas was dead, and the boss's wife—was there a curse on oar mine, we wondered? There were plenty of women folk to look after her now she didn't not watch in', so me left her with them, all except me, for I felt l most go in and see the boss akme. Yoa see 1 had sum mat to say ro ll im no ooe else oosld anderstan'. They showed me in where he lay. I shot the door and I knelt down beside him and took bis oodd, dead hand. "Jack," 1 says, "Jack, yoa told me to be good to her, her as is ly-n' in there, damp and cokL 1 would hare been good to ber; Jack, don't yoa believe me? I j would have been good to her, so help me God!" I coaldn't say no more, bat be knew,, job yes, he teem! .Heknew BUI Hsliiday j ner r told him a lie in his life, ami wasn't ; agoin* to oommenoe now. He knew I'd have j been good to the laas,bat what could I do 1 now shemns gone ? 1 kuelt a-thinkin* there. | Allatoocelhearda momap in the kitchen jostmde-asy ~ WhaiTl beoosne of the child, {arijghnaai; that's what I'm a-thinkin","and someone answered aayia* "tVaomebody'll be jaaretoiafceit; His. IhckGrey like as not." ! 1 got sp;I had my answer. Who'd a better | right to die boss's child than me, his old j cham—me as he'd always told all his troubles ' to—thoegh he was a sight Lettrr'n I ? 1 jest took his.two hands- Bill Hallklay don't oiten take an oath, boys, bo 1 swore a big one that day—and may 1 die like a rat in a hole store I.Ureafc it! Well, we had a double foneraL Next day it mas. If the Queen was dead she couldn't have bad a grander one, boys. Everybody left their work and tamed oat. Rich and poor went to see the buss and his wife bntied. There nev t has been sash a fnnetsl before or since. Lor', bat didn't them women cry! Die lamps kept u-goin* and a-comin* in oar throats, bat we didn't forget as we were men. The ptwm, he coahl scarce reaa the baryin' service. He ssiil sumrtbio' atterwards ahoat them bein* lovely in their lives, and in death not hem' divided, and someone sang " liod be With Thee Till We Meet Again." That sorter np set ns, yoa know. Then we left 'em three together. Do yoa s e that little chap playin' marbles —over there by the mill?—him as comes with my "crib "sometimes? Well, he's Jack Krrington's bay. He ain't so much like his lather as his mother. He has jest them pretty, winnin' black eyes over again—and is that gentle like, he's no trouble to no one. The vrife m oreygood to him.-.She knows 1 married her to take careofhim, gsd she does it. She m not as good-loolnn* mar at bright wa his mother mas—not by a long chalk, butshe is faithful and wnn', and tidy; awl isnVxhe sort as com gwldin' «bont aboan' of her neighbours, ao what more does a manmant? iSbe is teal good to him, and 1 don't forget it for ber; hat sometimes when 1 think of tfiat dead girl in the churchyard I kinder feds lonesomefike. ' : ^ ; 