THOU ART THB MAN. . BY MISS BRADDON. Chapter XXVI. (Continued.) A two hours' drive In the dear morning air brought Lady Ditnluce and hor companion to a solitary farm houa hidden amongst the hills, a spot more lonely than oven St. Judo's vicarage: but this rustic homestead, with its group of barns and stable yard in tho background, and its little garden, where autumn flowers still lingered, bad a mors oheerful aspect than the straggling stone house at St. Jude's, with its walled garden and gloomy firs. Brandon Monntford 1 Yes, this was Brandon Mountford ; this tall wasted figure ; this hollow eyed countenance, with the downward melan choly lines about tbo mouth, and the nsrvous contraction of tha brow, and the wasted hands that Isy in helpless inaotion on the arms of tho chair. Sibyl Dunlaee stood gazing at him in awo stricken silence, almost as she might have looked upon a ghost. She could find no words to say to him— no words of pity or affootion. Speech seemed frozen. Vainly had Mr. Cover- dale sought to prepare her for tbo shock. The angniBh of tlio speotaclo was not lessened by any thing that ho had told her. Tho silence lasted for minutes. John Cover- dale heard the old cloek In the passage ticking solemnly on, as if it were dealing out a long day, or a long life time, so hopeless seemed the duration of that agony ; the woman standing statue-like, white ns marble ; tho man sitting with cyss that gazed iuly out beyond the open window, across tbe little gardon, where the asters and marigolds made a bank of gaudy oolor, to tho grey dimness of groat rnggsd hills. Tho November morning was still and bright, and the air in tho shelter of tbo hills had a Bummer-like softness. At last, ovor tho blank melanoboly of that aged and altered face thore orept a slow vague smile, and Brandon Mountford lifted bis eyes towards Sibyl. "I know that you would eome," he said slowly. "I knew that you would understand my message— though I have almost lost the triok of writing." "Brandon, you know mo, you know mo," she criod, sinking on her knees by hio chair, clasping one of thoso long wasted hands, deadly cold to her touoh. " Know you — yes, of course." " You have boon cruelly treated, but that is all ovor now. All that this world can give of happiness eball bo yours, It shall be my oare— the objeet of my life to atone." "No, no, there has beon no eruelty. It was my doom— the ourss laid upon mc. What could they do but bids mo— hide me from my fellow men— a wretch— a murderer? I bave Buffered, but I have had my dreams— dreams of that wild country where I was so happy — centuries ago — centuries of weariness and pain. Tho black faces oame baok to me in dreams — tbo river — tbe forest. And I havo dreamt that you and I were wandering there — you and I sitting together by. the camp fire. I have seen your face in the red light, and then tho fire has changed to tho lira of hell, and I have suffered like a soul iu ever lasting agony. I have suffered for iny crime." ' In broken sentences, with piteous entreaty, she protested against his self denunciation. " It is a dream," she said ; " a horrible dream. You had nothing to do with poor Marie's death — except the misfortune to be the first to find her. You have been the victim of a cruel conspiracy — a plot to bide away an inno cent man in order to prevent suspicion falling on the real murderer." Ho looked at her curiously, as if lapsing into a revorle In whioh her words hardly reaohed him — looked at her wonderingly, as if her face were strange to him. And thon hie eyes wandered away from that earnest, eager face to tho gaudy autumn flowers and the great grave hills veiled in thin white mist. Alas, it was but too evident that the ahadowa which olouded his reason only cleared away now and again for a brief space, as the autumn baza parted, and patohea ou the hill side showed clear and bright through a rift in the voil. " It is uot wise to talk to him of that dread ful event," said Mr. Coverdale. " "What wo havo to oonaider is what is best to be done for him. Tiie doctor will, be bera at 12 o'clock. You may be glad to hear his opinion from hit own lips." "Yes. I should like to hear what ho thinks. But ought wo not to have a specialist ? Wo might telegraph to Edinburgh." " Thore will be timo for that by-and-bye. "Will you come into the garden with me "What, leave him alone?" " He has been accustomed to sitting alone. Tho woman of tho houso ia within oall. I should liko to have a quiet talk with you out yonder." Sibyl did not answer him, aoaroely heard liim, perhaps. She was looking at Brandon Mount ford in agonised contemplation. Whatever there had been of Intellect or of power in his face a few minutes ago had vanished from it like a light extinguished behind a transparent pio- turo — leaving the pioture dull and meaningless. Weakness, physical nnd mental, hopeleas despondenoy, wero all that oould be read ia that face now, a oonntenance of siokly pallor, every facial musole relaxed, dull misery expressed in every languid line. , This was what solitude and silence, the slow decay of monotonous years, had dono for Bran don Mountford. If Sibyl Dunluoe could have looked baok along that dark line of years— if some magio mirror could liave shown her pictures of the past, what would sho have seen ? First a strong man caught in a trap, fighting with his captors for relesso into the freo air of heavsn, then suddenly subjugated and rendered powerless, not by their violence or persuasion, but by tho fell disease which the horrors and agitations of his life hod intensified, which set its demoniao grip upon body and brain with a force never felt till then. She would have seen ono attack following upon another, with brief Intervals of languor and exhauation, till strength was sappod and intellect weakened — weakened but not annihi lated. She would have seen a brave man sub missive as a ohild to a bond which he could have broken had he so willed — submissive because hopeless and despairing. He was told that he was a murderer, that a warrant was out against him, tbat to escape from that dull prison house, that Iifo of hideous hopeless monotony, would be to run into the noose of tho law, to doom himself It might be to tho gallows, or at best to the Imprisonment ot a State mad house, a felon among other felons, a lunatio among other lunatics. She would have seen him, aa his brain wenkened, and the powor of logical argument and even of consecutive thought gradually diminished — she would havo aeon him fooled by the hope of release. He should be got away, later, wben tho coast was olear — should b« got on board a steamer nnd drafted away to that dark continent of whieh lie dreamt so often, where liberty and lifo were waiting for him, among the dark faces, under the tropical sun. Fooled on from day to day, and month' to month, and year to year, with that reiterated " by- and-byo," she would have seen him gradually losing count of days, and months and years, till timo was one long blank, and his lifo knew no change save tho ohange from heat to oold, and baok to beat again — from sunshine pouring in at his open windows to the early darkness of endless winter nights — from the dark, iron blank whero the firelight had leapt and Bparkled so merrily to tho welcome fireglow coming baok again to fill the dull, blaek void. No changes save the rain whipping the window panes — tlio wind howling over tho distant sea, or whistling oloso at hand in tho chimney. There was thunder sometimes —thunder peals that shook the house, and made him wish that the roof would craok and tho walls crumble, and bury him among dust and ruin, and so moke an end of this dull, b!nnk: space and time, whioh seemed to bs endless — infinite space— infinite time. Ho repeated tho words sometimes as if they had bean a formula — " IVlio disputes that either is infinite? I bave proved thorn both," ha said; for not only did time seem endless, immeasurable, but in his frequent periods of hallucination space also seemed without limit, and bis woary spirit wandered aghast in worlds that knew neither ohange nor boundary, neither night nor day — dim greyneas, peopled by silent ghosts— an end less labyrinth, or a wide stretch of barren sand leading to an horizon that was always the same, and yet for over receding. Tho commonest dreamer in A dream of a minute can invent And people a place unknown to his waking intelli gence — but in the diseased brain that dreaming power, inoreased a hundredfold, becomes a ouree of unspeakable suffering, a well spring of honor. And what of hie more rational honre; those longer intervals between one attaokand another, whon there was time for the brain to regain something of its lost cquilibriam ? Alas, those hours of reason and remembrance were tbo worst of all, for in those he believed himself Marie Arnold's murderer, recalled tho imago of tho corpso in tlio wood, brooded over the cruelty of uch sn end to tbat bright young life, and the shame and disgrace of the crime— disgrace re- fleeting upon all who were of hii blood, a blot upon a stainless pedigree. " Better that I should rot in this seclusion," he told himself in thoso waking hours, " than that I should go out into the world to set men talking of my crime. Yot if it wore possible — if I oould get clear of England without scandal — could get back to the Zambesi and my faithful Kaffir boys, thoy would hardly think worso of mo for that story of bloodshed. They would only pity me as the victim of witeheraft." And in suoh an interval, whon his janitor came to bim with the meal whieh only Mr. Carpew or his wife ever served to tho mysteri ous "boarder," Brandon Monntford would urge the fulfilment of that reiteratod promise. Surely the timo had como wben he might go away. "Whatever watoh had been kept upon the house must have ceased long ago. He had lost all count of time, bnt he knew tbat it must be long — gnu ho looked uowu at his oiothes, whioh had been replaced by ready made gar ments more than once sinoe ho came there, and whiob yot were threadbare and worn at the edges. He looked at his wasted, almost transparent hands, where the muscles had beon so firm and tbe flesh so hard and brown, in those old days by the salmon river. Yes, it was long, very long. Snspioion, watchfulness, must have bean worn out long ago. Why oould ho . not got away? The Vioar had various excuses. The danger was not over. His lodger was a marked man. Any movements In that lonely spot would excite ourioslty. And then there was the question of money. It would oost a good deal of money to get him out of England— to pay his passage to the Cape. "And you wouldn't like to land there penni- lees," oontinued the Vicar. Penniless, yes— penniless under those stars. Ho would not fear. Besides ho had friends in London — friends who would gladly help him — men to whom money was of no aeoount — if he oould remember their names or where to find them. Ah, there was the agony ! He could not remember. Names, looalities, even the faces of the post were lost in vagueness and shadow. Faoes haunted him — faces appeared to him — rooms in whioh ho seemed to bave lived— gar dens whose very tree and shrub seemed familiar — but he conid not distinguish memories from dreams — tho things whieh had been, and wers real even to-day, from the things that his fanoy invented. If Sibyl could have known how, througli the alouds that darkened over mind and memory, ono imago had shone out clearly unobanged and unforgottoh, and that image hers ; if she oould have heard hie appeal to his gaoler, repeated day after day, " Let me see her. Has she had my latter? Havo you seat a messenger to Ellerslie, as you said you would ?" and how, day after day, he was put off with excuses and postponements. She was abroad— in the South of Franoe— aa assertion that had been justified by her actual absenoe in several winters— but the same story had been told him whon she was at Dnnluce Castle.. To-morrow and to-morrow. Thero had always been tho same promise that his desire should be realised by-and-bye— and as the brain woakened he had grown to believe in that by-and-bye, and to wait and watch for her coming. Ho had written many each sorawli as the one which reaohed her hands— but on that lest occasion he had been fortunate In his messenger, a wrotchrd Jaok oijlall trades who lived in a hovel at St. Jude's and did odd jobs of work for the farmers. The key had been left in tha look of tho garden door for once in a way, and Brandon, who was allowed to walk alono in this joyless enclosure, bad opened tbe door unobserved and gone out into the lane. He had no idea of escape now, having been told that esoape was hopeless — he was too weak and helpless even to contemplate any aot requiring prompt decision or sustained exertion. He only wanted to seo Sibyl — to find some messenger who would carry his appeal. Tho garden door opened on the heath, but he could hear the sound of a plok in the road a little way off, and oould seo a bont figure breaking stones. It was the Jaok of all trades doing a spell of parish work— and to him Brandon Mountford entrusted his message— a sorap of paper hastily written upon as he stood on tho wind blown road. He entreated the man to find Lady Dunluoe — to put that bit of paper into her hand— her hand, and no other. He offered his watoh as payment in advance for this servieo, but the man would not take it. Tbe rough peasant was touched with awe and pity at sight of that speotral face, and was too honest to nceept bo valuable a gift. Half witted himself ho may have had some instiuotive sympathy with Brandon's clouded mind. He promised that tbe letter Bhould reaeh Lady Dunluoe, whatever trouble it might cost him to find hor, and ho kept his word with a dogged faithfulness that would have dono honor to the strongest intellect. And thus, by the accident of a key loft in a look — by one not of forgetfuliiess on Mr. Car- pew's part — Brandon Mountford bad been re leased from a living grave. " Have you mado any plan for his future ?" John Coverdale askod, qb ho and Lady Dunluoe walked up and down beside tho privet hedge whieh divided the little garden from the road. " I -thought if wo could tako him to Ellerslio lie might bs happy there. He could have good servants. I eould rely upon Mrs. Morrison's oare of him " " Not to be thought of for a moment?" said Mr. Covordale, decisively. " In tho first place, EUersllo wonld recall the tragedy whieh ahange<l tho current of his life ; the effect upon his mind might be disastrous." "True. I forgot that. I have lived down the horror of those associations myBelf, and I forgot. Yes; you nre right," "Ellorslie would never do. Remember the warrant against him. Wretched wreek sb he is, ha might be put through all tho torture of a magistrate's inquiry— might ba indicted for murder, and havo to stand hie trial— the result, a State madhouse. Ellorslie would not do." "No, no; the risk would bo too great. Then what do yon advise ? '.' " Leavo him whore his ia for the present ; per haps till the spring. I -have made inquiries about these people, and thoy bear an oxcellent character in the neighborhood — tho man a bard working tenant farmer, whose father and grand- fatkor worked on the land before him; the woman honost and Godfearing. Their conneo- tion with Mr. Carpew is simple enough. Ho was ourate at the nearest parish church for a yesr before Lord Dunluce gave him the living of St. Jude'a, and during that year bo became very friendly with tbe farmer and his wife. They are kindly people. Mr. Monntford will ho perfectly safe under this roof till wo can think of some thing better." " But what if the men who brought him here should remove him somewhere else, and wo should lose sight of him again ?" "I don't think that will be attompted. In tho first placo we must engage a trustworthy attondsnt accustomed to such cases, who must bo responsible to us for his safety, with a man under him to relieve guard. I shall go straight from bore to St. Jude's, and nfter I havo talked with Mr. Carpew I don't think there will be any further attempt to interfere with this poor gontlemon's liborty. The Vioar of St. Jude's will see the peril of his conduot in this business when I put it before him, as I mean to do." " You may frighten him— but ho, ia only tho tool of another and A wickeder man — A man who' will not hesitate at a crime." And then Sibyl urged the necessity of remov- ing Brandon Mountford out of the power and beyond the knowledge of the man who had hidden him from hie fellow men in order to sustain tho suspicion— tho almost certainty— of his identity with tho murderer of Merle Arnold. " So long as everybody At Ardlieton believed that Brandon woe tho mufdorer;h'o ono took tho - ' trouble to look anywhere olio for tho criminal," said Sibyl. "That must have, been the end and Aim of hit imprisonment. To'lsavo hiiqln thai.!,', power of bis enemies would bo, madness ; end, !- how can wo be sure of his safety so long as " Hubert Urqnhart knows where to find bim." ' " Mr. Urqubert is your husband's brother, it eema a bard thing to suppose him auch an un mitigated scoundrel." " Ask my husband for hie brother's ohareeter if you doubt my estimate of bim." "But surely be wonld not euspeot his brother of murder?" , " Perhaps not; but ho would tell yon be ie vile enough to make any eoeplolon justifiable where he is concerned. Dear Mr. Corerdale, tboro ia only one thing to be done. IVs must got Brandon Mountford out of this man's oustody - and into onr own. Let ne run all risks ot to - that warrant of 10 yean ago, and take him to Ellerslio, He will be safe thore with my house keeper and my father's trusted secretary, ' Andrew Orlebar, a man who knows tlio whole . story, and who would go through fire and water to help me. " "You cannot take him to ElIer:lie, to the eoeno of tho murder, without arouaing curiosity . among your neighbors. However few they are,' there are enough of them to talk and to revive the old atory and the old suspicions. If a few days hence he ware to he arrested you wonld be sorry " "Yob, yes. You are right. It might bs dangerous. Oh, Mr. Coverdale. what are wo to do? "Wo seem hemmed round with difficulties. Here is a life — a poor ruined life— whioh has bsen given baok to mo as if out of the grave. Am I to jeopardise it— lose it again T Think, think what can be done. Something mnst ba done to savo him from tho villain who plotted' against bim, who made mo hii aooomplice, in my blind folly." Thero was a silence, a tllenoe that seemed In terminable to Sibyl's anxiety, as John Cover- dale walked slowly up and down tho shingly path by her side. She could see that ho was thinking profoundly, and' would not interrupt hie cogitations by a word. Her pationoe was rewarded presently. He had thought out a plan, whioh he submitted to her briefly. " My father has a shooting box in Argyllshire. He was there with tome friends in Anguit and September, but the place is deeerted now, exoept for a keeper with hii wife and a fow shooting doge. I will telegraph to the hospital at Car lisle for on attendant, wait hero till ho aomts, and when he comes start at ones for Sootland with Mr. Mountford if ho will trnst himself to me. I can instal him in my father's oottsga, in tho oars of the keeper and hie wifo, who ara old servants and will implioiUy obey my orders.", "There could be no better plan. If Lord Workington will lend yon his eottege." "No difficulty about that. A telegram will settle the business. I mnst wait hers till the attendant oan arrive . from Carlisle. You can return to the Castle this afternoon, despatch ing my telegrams from tha nearest offiee on your way back." " But to leave you here— to take to muoh of your time." "Don't mind that. I was to have been in Lon don to-morrowafternoon ; bnt onaof my messages will be to the friend who is taking my duty, asking him to give me one more Sunday. By Monday or Tuesday I hops to have established your poo? friend at the Hut, and from there I Bhall go straight to London. Yon may believe tbat I shall not abandon him till I am assured of his safety." "I beliove in your wisdom and goodness at I bellevo in Heaven. I can never thank you enough for what you are doing. He will thank you, perhaps, soma day — batter than I oan— if the steady light of reason aver comes back- thank you for lifa saved, reason restored." And then she gave him a cheque for a hun dred. pounds, whioh Bhe had written before leav ing the hotol, for travelling and other expenses. She begged him to be lavish — to nse the power of gold to tbe utmost. She would ssnd further ohequos as thoy were needed. He smiled hit grave, sad emile at her eager- nesB. " It would bs an impertineneo on my part to refuse to let you pay any charges I may incur on your kinsman's account," he said, "but there will not be muoh money wanted. And now may I sand for yonr carriage and your maid ? You must be anxious to be on your way home again. I oan write the telegrams wbils ' the carriage is being brought round." "Yes, thore is no time to lose. You will tell the liouse surgeon at Carlisle that the attendant is wanted for a friend of Lord Dnnluce. My husband is a supporter of the hospital. The authorities will do their utmost to obligs him. But I am to see tho doctor," the said, looking at her watoh. "It is past twelve, and he was to be here at twelve. I must wait to hear what he says about tho journey to Sootland. And I may seo Mr. Mountford once mora before I go, may I not ?" " Certainly, if you like." Sibyl went alono to tbe parlor where Brandon Mountford was sitting by the fire, while tha farmer's wifo, a kindly looking woman, was lay ing tho table for a meal. "Tho gentleman ha3 a Tory poor appetite, she explained, as she cuts strips of toast to accompany a basin of broth. "It's difficult to get him to take his nourishment. He's nothing but skin and bones, poor soul." Poor soul. Pity, tho pity for a wreck of humanity — that was Brandon Mountford') por; tion now. He looked up with a sudden flush and a brightening of tbe haggard eyes. "Ah, he oritd, as if seeing Sibyl for tho first time, "my messenger found you. Oh, my beloved, how I have waited and watched for you." He stretched out his wasted hands to ber in passionate greeting. He bad no memory of half an hour ago, when he had greeted her with almost the same words. The evidence of a decayed intelleot out her to the quiok. I To be Continued .J . 