RELIGIOUS NEWS. Tns Bishopric— Dean Marryat, as Admin istrator, has instructed that the following prayer shall bo used in the Diocese of Ade aide nrnntras to the oall of Synod in connec tion with the election of t» Bwbop:— 'O Almighty God, grant, wo beseech Thee, to the members of the Synod of thia Diouese the inspiration of Thy Holy Spirit, that they may have a right judgment in the election of a Bishop. Save Toy Oburuh from all disunion and party spirit, and so guido the miudH of the clergy and laity, or of thoss to whom the appointment may bo entrnnted, that one may bo chosen who, full of the Holy Ghost and of wisdom, of pawer aud spiritual gifts, may faithfully serve Thee in bis sacred office to the glory of Thy name and the edifying and well govornitig of Thy Church. Hear us, O Heavenly Father, for the sake of Thy dear Son, Jpsub Chrint our Lord. Ampn.' St. Frascis Xavier's Ca ihedral.— Sund ay being the first in the month and ako the first of the ecclesiastical season of autumn was celebrated in full choral service at 11 s.m. at St. Francis Xavier'a Cathedral, Masa being celebrated by the Rev. Father Doyle, of New Zealand. Gounod's 'MesseSollBiinelle' was chosen, the soloists being Mrs. Keogh, Mrs. Geach, and Messrs. Bermineham, McCreanor, and O'Sullivan. Luzzi'a 'Ave Maria,' by Miss L. Conrad, and Hnghes's 'Tota Pulchra,' by Mr. Julian O'dullivnn, and choruses and the solos were aleo nplen didly rendered, aided by a quartet of strings, Professor Hughes, Bignor Oaro, Mr. Amor, and Mr. Kaj playing first violin, 'cello, viola, and second violin respectively. Tho Cathedral was dennely thronged during the one hour (ind n half devoted to tho service. In the evening tall vespers were chanted with Hughea'a 'Salve Regina,' composed for and dedicated to Mr. John Bermingham, of this city. Zelmau's ' O Salutaris' was nicely sune by Mrs. Davis, and Giorx&'a 'Tantum Ergo' by the full choir. Miss O'Siillivau presided at the organ, and Mr. W. Gordon conducted the choir. This Oulhedral now requires only an organ worthy of such an edifieu to enable the fine combination of voices to bB heard at thb best. ? 