KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER X.—(Continued.) He sighed resignedly, disengaged himself, and arose. ''When a woman will, she will, etc. Have your own way, Katherine. Let the wedding be on New Year's Eve. I give you carte blanche for the trousseau—order what you please. I can say no more than that. I will make the best of a bad bargain, since it is inevitable; but I can't like him—I never can. Marry him if you will, but I would almost sooner see you dead than give your fate into his hands. Keep him away from me—I would rather not meet him. And, Katherine——" a pause. '' Well, papa,'' she spoke rather sadly. It seemed very hard that the two beings on earth whom she loved best could like one another no better than this. Her father was standing with his back to her, looking out of the window at the beeches tossing their striped branches in the high autumnal gale. ''Yes, papa— what is it ?'' '' Don't offend Mrs. Vavasor.'' He spoke with an effort. ''You don't like her, and you take no pains to hide it. Katherine, it won't do.'' '' Why not, papa ?'' 'I can't tell you why — only she is your guest; as such she should be treated with courtesy.'' ''Well, I do try to be courteous — that is, I try to endure her ; but, papa, she's simply unendurable ; it stifles me to live in the house with her. I don't know why — I suppose we're antagonistic, as Gaston says — but my flesh creeps when she comes near me, just as it does when I meet a toad. She's like a serpent, papa — one of those deadly cobras we used to have out, in India — with its glittering eyes, and her sharp, hissing voice, and her noiseless, gliding walk. Why can't you give her all the money she wants and pack her off about her business ?'' ''Because — well, because the world is civilized, and she is our guest. Let us respect the sanctity of the bread and salt. She has a hold upon me — I may admit that much — and it places me in her power. If I or you offend her, Katherine, it is in her power to injure us both more than I can say. It is impossible to explain ; I can only say for the present, treat her civilly, for my sake.'' '' I will try. For your sake, papa, I would do anything.'' '' Except give up Gaston Dantree ! Well, well ! it is the way of the world — the way of women-- a very old way, too. And now go — I think I'll settle my mind by reading the Times after all this. Arrange everything, buy the wedding dresses, let the wed- ding guests be bidden, and when the hour comes I will be ready to give my daughter away to a man -of whom I know nothing. That will do, Kathie ; I'd rather have no thanks. Let the subject of Mr. Dantree be dropped between us ; it is a subject on which you and I can never agree, though we talked to the crack of doom.'' Katherine laid her fingers on the handle of the door. There was a swift swish of silk outside. She flung it wide. Had that odious little wretch, Mrs. Vavasor, been listening ? But the passage was deserted, and a tall Indian cabinet hid the little crouching figure completely. Miss Dangerfield rode out under the open sky and sunny downs with her affianced, and Mr Dantree simply heard that papa had consented that the marriage should take place on New Year's Eve — no more. But he could easily infer the rest from Katherine's clouded face. '' The sharp-sighted old baronet has been abusing me,'' reflected Mr. Dantree; ''he has taken my gauge pretty accurately from the first. I wonder how it is that my face, which makes all women fall in love with me, makes all men distrust me ? Is it that women as a rule are fools, and the other sex are not ? What an awful muddle I nearly made of it by carrying that confounded packet of letters about. Katherine's a prey to the green-eyed monster already, and will be for the rest of her life. I suppose it is in the eternal fitness of things, some how that plain women should be always savagely jealous, especially when they have remarkably handsome husbands. Before the year ends I will he the son-in-law of Scarswood Park, and the hus- band of eight thousand a year ! Gaston Dantree, my boy, you're a cleverer fellow than ever I gave yon credit for.'' There was a dinner-party that evening at Scarswood, and Mr. Dantree, with a fatuous smile, made known to all whom it might concern that the happy day was near. Mrs. Vavasor's black eyes sparkled with, their snakiest light ; the rustling silk twisted, and twined, and gleaned about her in more serpent- tine coils than ever. She flashed a glance across at Peter Dangerfield, who sat, with spectacles over pale, near-sighted eyes, on the opposite side. And Captain Devere stroked again his big heavy, dragoon moustache, and shot sharp glances of suppressed ferocity at the smiling bridegroom elect. ''Hang the beggar! I'd like to throttle him with his self- satisfied grin and confident airs of proprietorship. I suppose Sir John's falling into his dotage— I can't account for it in any other way, poor little fool,' with a look at Katherine; ''if he treats her as I know he will treat her after marriage, I'll thrash him within an inch of his life. I wish I had asked her myself.'' The wedding-day was announced. Katherine was congratulated, and a little before midnight, with her lover's parting kiss still on her lips, she went up to her room. Draped with rose silk and lace, the carpet wreaths of rosebuds on snow, puffy silken chairs, a Swiss musical box playing tinkling tunes, firelight and wax light; gleaming over all — how pretty— how pleasant it looked. And Katherine, in her dinner dress of rich mazarine blue, and sapphire ornaments set in fine gold, sank down in the puffiest of chairs with a tired sigh. There came a soft, tap at the door —not the tap of Ninon. Katherine lifted her dreamy eyes from the fire. '' Come in.'' she said. The door opened, and Mrs. Vavasor entered. She too, still wore her dinner-dress; the rich seagreen silk glowed in the light far behind her. The diamonds that were not from the Palais Royal flashed splendidly on neck and arms, and ears and fingers. Her shining, luxuriant black hair floated over her-shoulders, and the smile that rarely left her was at its brightest on her face. ''Am I an intruder ?' she asked, gaily. '' What blissful visions of ante-nuptial felicity have I frightened away ? You will forgive me, I know, my pet. I had to come. Kathie, dear, you don't know how glad I am your wedding-day is so near.'' She took both the girl's hands in hers. Katherine's first impulse was to snatch them impatiently away, but she remembered her father's warning. This odious, fulsome, fawning creature had some mysterious power over him ; for his sake she must be civil. '' You are very good,'' but, despite the best inten- tions, Miss Dangerfield's voice sounded cold. ''Will you sit down, Mrs. Vavasor?" ''No, love ; I will stay but amoment. See, it is midnight. Weird hour!'' with a shrill laugh. ''Are there ghosts, do you know, at Scarswood ? Such a dear, romantic, old house ought to be haunted you know, to make it complete. I suppose every house, as the poet says, where men and women have lived and died, is haunted, and we all carry our ghosts with us through life. But I won't turn prosy and metaphysical on this happy night. Ah! darling Kathie, what an enviable girl you are; how brightly your life has been ordered ! Seven teen, rich, flattered, caressed, and beloved ! I suppose you never had a single wish ungratified in your life ; and in two months you marry the man you love with your whole heart — a man like one's dreams of the Olympian Apollo. And others of us g0 through life, and don't find one completely happy day. It is the old nursery story over again : ' This little pig goes to market, and this little pig stays at home.' Katherine Dangerfield, what a happy girl you ought to be ?'' '' I am happy, Mrs. Vavasor.'' Still Mrs. Vavasor stood and looked at her. How strange the gleam in her eyes, how strange the smile on her lips ! The firelight sparkled on her emerald silk, on her costly jewels, on her shining laces, on her coils of satin black hair. Katherine had never known fear in all her life, but something in that woman's face made her shrink away in a sort of terror. ''Mrs. Vavasor,'' she said, rising, and turning white, ' what is it you have come here to say to me?" The widow laughed aloud— that shrill, metallic laugh that rasped upon the ear. '' What have I come to say? Why, to wish you joy, of course, and to tell you I am going away." '' Going away !'' ''Ah, Kathie, what a poor dissembler you are ! The light of unutterable relief and gladness lights all your face at the words. "Going away, my dearest; and if I dared harbour so inhospitable a suspicion, I should say you looked glad to hear it. But you're not, are you, Kathie, love ? — and you will speed the parting guest with real regret ? Yes, my pet, I am going — never to come back — well, not more than once again, perhaps — on your wedding-day. For I think I must realiy come to your wedding, little Kathie, and wish that beautiful Mr. Dantree joy. How well he loves you, Kathie ; he is one of those artless, frank kind of men who wear their hearts on their sleeves, for all the world to read. Yes, I leave Scarswood just one week preceding your wedding-day. You look as if you do not understand — but you are ever so much relieved after all. By the way Katherine, you grow more and more like your mother every day. Just at this moment as you stand there in the firelight, in that lovely blue silk and sapphires, you are fearfully and wonderfully like her. Would you believe it, Miss Dangerfield — your mother once prevented my marriage.'' ''Mrs. Vavasor ?'' '' Yes, my dear,'' the little widow said, in her airiest manner, ''prevented my marriage. It was all for the best, you know — oh, very much for the best. I am not speaking of Mr. Vavasor, poor dear — your mother never knew him. I was quite young when my little romance happened, a year or two older than you are now. He was scarcely older than myself, and very handsome — not so handsome as that divine Gaston, though, of course. And I was--well, was — I was just as deeply in love as you, my impetuous darling, are at this moment. The wedding-day was fixed, and the wedding-dress made, and at the last hour your mother prevented it. It is nearly twenty years ago, and, if you will believe it, the old pain and disappointment, and anger and mortification come back now, as I talk, almost as sharply as they did then. For I suffered-- as I had loved —greatly. I have never seen him for twenty long years, and I never want to now. He is alive still, and married, with grown-up sons and daughters, and, I dare say, laughs with his wife — a great lady, my dear — over that silly episode of a most silly youth. And I — I eat, drink, and am merry as you see, and I forgave your mother, as a Christian should, and married poor, dear Mr. Vavasor, and was happy. Your mother died in my arms, Kathie, and now I'm coming to her daughter's wedding.' (To be continued.) 