A WILL OiSPUTL THE widow and THE " ARMY." ALLEGED UNDUE INFLUENCE PETER WILKINSON'S CASE. CELESTIAL VISITANTS. STRANGE APPEARANCES, TESTATOR'S LI3ERALITY. GENERAL BOOTH'S BIG BIBLE. The hearing of a case respecting tbo will of the late I'etsr Wilkiuson, of Raglan, near Beaufort, was continue i, before Mr Justlco A'Beckett, iu the Supreme Court, to Jat. Tho testator, who died on the 14;h June, ISOi, axcuuted: thsrilMiuquoitioa ca the 7lh July, 1S9I. Reappointed T. H. Ccombs, Com- tnisiiancrof tho Salvation Army, aud George A. Kihby, captain in tho Army,bia cxeoutors. He dcroctod that bis stock, farming imple ment!!, furniture and effocts should bo sold, and tho proceeds given to his wife. Ho sto provided for the sale of his farm of 195 acres, and tho investment of the proceeds in the Salvation Army Property Fund, for tho pur. chase of tho annuity at the rate of 10 pur cent, to bo paid half- yearly. In tho ovent of tho death of the wifo before or at tho same time as himself or before tho direction as to tho annuity could bo carried oat, he diraatod that the real and personal cstato, valued at L550, should go to Coin- missicner Coombs or his sucoessor holding tbe same rank, to bo disposed ol or to be used by him in whatever way ho might deem proper in epreading tbo gospel acoording to tho oustoms ana us&gos; of thu Salvation Mary Wilkinson, the widow of tho testator, seeks to upsot tho will ou tbo grounds that the testator was unduly iutluencod in making it, and that ho was of testamentary incapacity. Mussrs Daffy and O'ilara Wood (solicitor. Messrs Maddoek, Johnson and Jaraioiou) appeared for tho excoutors in aupport of thu will ; and Messrs H. S. Barrett and Uurbert Barrott (solicitor, Mr W. T. Gill) for the widow. Evidonco wus callod in support of tho will yesterday. Tho gonurol touur of this was to show that tho testator was perfectly compe tent to make a will, and was a strong sup porter ol tho Army, Mr H. S. Barrott opened tho caso in opposition to theiwiil. Lio said that the testator was ovurpoworlngly influeacod by tho " Army," and became greatly oh&ngcd; when he joined iL This, oon plod with the fact that he died of scnilo duoay, would, ho thought justify thu setting asido ol tho will. David Troy, of Ucauiort, wluo and spirit merchant, said formorly tho testator was a fair avcrago tnan of buriaeet, bnt eeoinod to wandor off after joining tbo army. Attertho return of tho testator from Melbourne ho told witness that bo had been in tbo gollory of a theatre in Melbourno, and that one of the Salvation Army women saw an angel descend from Heaven and touch a man on tbe shoulder. Witnoss wild, "Nonsense." Tho tistator was offoudoi . " --MrjDttffy t -If I said I saw a;- ghost you. won1d: think I was mad. Witaots : I would not believe you. Mr Barrott : Yon do not know my friond. James Cuthbertson, farmor, Raglan, end an old acquaintance of tho testator, said for a number of ycurs he was an ordinary indi vidual, but bcoame changed niter joining the Army. He Eecmcd to be iullaccced by them. Do told witness hu bad corno to the conclusion that ho ehouH ucvor linve full salvation until he camo to Molbourno. (Laughter). Witness tried to dhauidn him". After hiurotnrn from Mellonruo ho 3iid that a special revelation of full salvation came to him, and this was testified to by somo of tbe officers, lie said that ho took very little concern with anything temporary. When two yoani: Salvatiou Army ladies came to ItagUn and beat tbe drum bo would pat his hand in his pookct, and no matter what quantity of silver ho had, throw it to them. Mr DmTy : I ouppoio wheu tho Army cime somo found grace and somo did not ? — No. Did you join It ?— No. Did you think testator was foolish to put on a red coat and march behind a drum ? — No. Religion ought sot to Influence a man to the extent it did him. Thomas John Ore, residing at Beaufort, arid that ho know the dooosstd. Witooss callod on him for Government rent. Ileaskod him what ho thought of Goncral Booth testator fa aid General Booth luid a wonderful Bible, 90 foot high and covering somo acres of laud. Mr Duffy : You wanted to get& tax from him ?— A Government duo. And he bluffed you off ? — I ultimately got it. Mary Wilkinson, wife of Alan Wilkinson (a nopliow of tho deceased), said sho wus a noighbor of tho dcoensed for about 27 years. The testator told her after bis retorn from Melbourne that ono of tho oflloera who was testifying 4on the platform of a building arid she saw on aogel come down and light on a «»»! in the galtrry. Ho folt sore that he was that man beoanse ho frit fire down his baok. He satd thatoon anothor occasion he felt on In- fluenoo lift his logsoff tho bed, and tbatit wus a spirit. Sho replied 44Thcroaro no spirits there days, Peter." lie also said ho saw the spirit of Thomas Itodgsoo, and that it had a bliio coot and whUo trousers. Mr Duffy : Tho feebleness began when he took to spirits. Havo you any objection to tho will? Witness: No. To Mr Daffy : Sho belonged to tho Army so far aa sho know. Mr Barrett : How long since you joined t —Seven years. 7\hat effect did joining have on the testa tor 7— -To make him talk silly. Mary Wilkinson, widow of tbo teriutor, whoec evidenco was interpreted by bcr nioco, another Mrs Wilkinsou, ebe being very deaf, anid that her husband vu very different after ; bo joined tho Array. Ho sat with a hymn- boolc botoro him all day. Ho had many carious ways. He was very indolent, and never cared to do anything. Thotoitator told her that be was going to make everything over to her. Sho put tho will RTvaj, aad it was never taken out uutil tho evening before tho funeral. Ho said that Commissioner Coombs knelt down and had a short prayer, and put hia hand on his head and blessed him. W Sou ho was at the Temperance Hall ho arid something settled ou him nod made him tremble all ovor. Tho Salvation Array officers need to visit the deceased once a fort night, and stopped two hours. .Somotirac he gave them half-a-crowu and some times a pound. She was not satisfied with the wiil because eho knew testator never intended to Icavo her destitute. Tho will was no: road ovor to htr at tbo funeral. Tho testator told bcr sho could not llvo by herself otlltctod as she was, and that fibo had butler sell-off- everything, aud livo with her friends. Mr Duffy : Do you think tbo will leaves you destitute?— -I have nothing coming In. Whore do you think tbu property goos by the will. The witness was unable to comprehend the question, though it was put in a variety of forms. Joseph Whiting, cab proprietor, marriod to a nioco of tbo testator, said ho know him nboat thirty-four years. Previous to his joining the army, he was good company, bnt not a good man of burinoss. After bo joined the army, bo bocatno a changod man altogether. He was not auch pleasant company, and however the conversation started it went round to the Army, Gonoral Booth, nngclv, etc. Boforo ho joinod ho often asked witness to do bnei noaa for him. Afterwards he bccamo ap parently incapable of barinoas. Ho said ho had nothing to do with worldly affairs at all. Witness described a visit whioh ho paid with the decerned to the Probate Office to take out lottor of administration in tho cstato of a rel&Uvo.; Witness transacted the business. Wilkiuson sat in hi absent-minded way, look ing something Uke mi idiot When asked what ho was ho eald ho was a Salvation Army soidlsr. Afterwards, when stirred up, ha said bo was a grazier. They had n conversation about tbo weather. Tho testator got very excited at tho mention of the wind, and said it was produced by all the fish coining to thosuriaco and blowing bubbles. After this ho gradually became more itubecUo. Tho testator said ho did not belioTo in doctors, aud the Lord was the best dootor. Elizabeth Whiting, niece of tho toatator, remembered tho visit of General (llootb. Tbo testator visited tho Army meetiug. lio eocrnod excited and nervous and wished tho entortatmnont was over. (Laughter). He camo to town, and when there «ald be felt as if his brain wero loftcniog and that he felt very ill. Tho testator said that ho saw angels nod spoke to thorn. His Honor Did he ray what they sold to him f— No. Mr Duffy : The angoli wanted tho pro- party for General Booth, and you put in a counterblast. Who hod tho beat of it F— Witness did not know. Annie Olivia Moishman Brid that the testator, after joining tho Army, talked of nothing- but religion. Whan .speaking on other subject he would come round to General Booth, lio bocamo altered in appearance, looking ill. Alan Wilkinson gavo evidence aa to tho chsugcd nature of tho testator. Be fore bo joined tho Army ho took tho 44 Loader" and tho 11 Ballarat Courier." Afterwards he said that God told him ho was not to road any paper except tho 44 Wor Cry." Baforo lie wo fond of ohildron, but afterwards ho would not havo them about. If o would not work, and spent his timo fitting on tho sofa reading books. He tslkod of nothing except General Booth and the Army. Ilo aaid that ho saw Commissioner Coombs, that ho was liko au angel, and that ho could not help crying. The hearing hod not conoludod when the Court odjournodfor lunch. 