IN PARLIAMENT. The Legislative Council is on the warpaak/ The medicine men having been consulted tbtf have bleised the enterprise, and now, bedeckdl with warpaint and withuDeara sharpened, ate braves of tha Uppsr House are ready to §? forth to war. Momentarily, however, thtf are waiting to seo whethsr the Govsrnaaeat can make terais with the occupants of tto rival camp. The Council braves vast to possess the territory known as tbs Par* liamentary Library, formeriy occupied M ? oatnpinR-placs by the members of the UouM of Assembly. Some time ago the Chisf Secretary promised that the Government' would ask tbe Assembly if they would oed* tbe room, but the all-important question ba* not yet been put. On Tuesday the Hon. 3» V. O'Loghlin asked that the Assembly might be immediately pacifically approached. Ia every tribe, however, there are young bloodf who cannot easily be restrained, and the Hem. Dr. Magarey rose yesterday and said ba did cot see any need to ask ib* Council for the room. 'Let us talc* the room and tee what tbey will do. Ttasj could not turn m out.' The militant dootor'fl remarks were oheered by other young brav«a, but older heads counselled psoifio measurac* The Hon. J. J. Duncan, however, said — II the Government will nob do anything I will throw in my lot with Dr. Magarny, tafca the end of a table and carry it upstairs. Til* Hon. F. Bssedow— If it oomes to extreme*, Mr. President, will yon lead us ? No aatawr was vouchsafed, and the question was allowed to drop, tbe understanding being that ab* Government will immediately atsk the As sembly to agrte to have the library shifted t* the upstairs and unused smoking-room in tha new building, 10 that the old Assembly Chamber may be used as a meetmg-plae* by the Council. If they do not, then let thai lookout for squalls. The ruling tbe President) had to give wil§ regard to the Licensed Victuallers Bill was looked forward to with inter— t. He luled that the fact that OM clause proposed to alter imposts did sot prevent the introduction of the BUI into the Council, as the clause might be struck out and reinserted by tbe Assembly. That had been the practioe, bdt he suggested that there mieht be a definite standing order on tk* point. The Hon. £. Ward, without going th* length of disputing the ruling, wanted a weak to consider it, but tbe Chief Secretary said it was dear as a bell, and Mr. Ward withdrew. Then he went on with bis speech on tha second reading. Tbe Bill, he eaid, was tbe work of faddists, and as such unpractical. It libelled and traduced the colony. The moral advanoa ment of the community could not be enforced by imperative and tyrannical legislation. Th« Hou Dr. Magarey etoutly defended th* measure. Tbe time had gone by when th* term faddists was regarded as one of oppro brium. He did not mind. Besides he was not a faddist, because he did not advocate on* thing in season and out of season, bnt wbea such a measure as this did come forward h* would support it for all he waB worth. After the Hon. W. A. Robinson bad promised quali fied support tbe dUcussion was adjourned until to- day. The schndules of the Lake Bonncy Bill war* pawed, and the third reading of the, meant* will be taken to-day. The remainder of the afternoon andevaa* ing was spent in advancing the Factories Bill in Committee. Numerous points were raised by opponents of the measure. Mofltdisonssioa occurred over the definitions of young persona and children. Ineffectual attempts were mad* to reduce the ages. A heated paatag* occurred between the Hons. J. Darling and G. McGregor. The former incidentally deplored the latter's Iaok of veneration, and said that on a certain occasion Mr. MoGregor said, ' If the old men wont do what we tell them put them in the owek.* Mr. McGregor indignantly repudiated. Th* Hon. J. Darling— I can prove it. The Hon. 6\. McGregor— 1 defy you to. I am not in th* habit of getting bo heated that I would so far forget myself. The Hon. J. Darling;— I will prove it at the right time. I have four reliable witnesses. Again the same tanohy Scotchmen met each other on ? narrow, path, and neither would gi«« way. Mr. Darling characterized newsgwpao selling as dishonourable compared with working at a trade in a proper factory, but Mr. McGregor warmly defended the* newt paper boys. Very few amendments wat* made, and perhaps the moat important was to clause 3. Instead of one- third of the rate payer* being able, by signing a petition, t* bring their district under the Act, there muat be a majority upon a vote being taken in th* district. Clause 11 was passed, wb«n th* Counoil at 10 o'clook adjourned till to-day. The preliminary business in the Assembly occupied a quarter of an hour. Mr. Handy* side complained of the abbreviated 'Han* sard report of Friday's sitting, Mr. Batobelor gave notice of a motion for naturalizingCanuB, the clever native of Asia Minor, Mr. Griffith* enquired about the registration of Northtm Territory titles, Mr. Solomon gave notioa of another attempt to refer the Clarendon wei* contract to a Select Committee, and th* MiniBver of Education obtained leave to intro duce a Bill relating to the frozen meat and other industries. Mr. Beeves, Minintor for Labour, New Zealand, and Mr. Scatnmell, of Exeter, England, were visitors during th* afternoon. The Pastoral Bill in Committee was taken np on sobedule A at the third line, whioh repealed part of clause 44 of the Act of 1893. The olause limited the value of improvement* to a sum oot in exoeis of the value considered solely in connection with its worth to an in coming lessee as part of the improvement* necessary to the working of a run carrying 5,000 eh«-ep in Class A, 10,000shsep in Class B, or 30,' 00 sheep in Class C, notwithstanding such area may be portion only of the ma on which euch improvement was made. The repaal was to omit all tha words after ' incoming lessee. ' Mr. Giles, whs was tin author of the proviso to be excised, defended it, because in the event of undue subdivision injustice would be inflicted upon tbe outgoing tenant Mr. Homburg, who wanted to amend tbe clause, ooinplained that) be was prevented by the ingenious drafting of tbe Government b- * repealing schedule from doing so except by a new clause, a very unusual and compli cated proceeding. Sir John Downer, though he regarded the repeal as inadequate, defended it on tbe ground that without the proviso injustice might not be infliotad, but under the proviso injustice would be certain. The Commissioner considered that tbe interest of the deserving outgoing tenant would be safe in the hands of th* Board. After a discussion of an hoar and three- quarters the repeal was carried by ? majority of 13. The minority comprised th* Labour party and Messrs. Caldwell, Gilbert, Riddocb, and Giles, whose appearance is strange company caused a smile. The next tin* in the repealing schedule was to omit reference to tha Commissioner's sanotion of improve ments in clause 54 of the Act of 1893, whioh the Minuter considered unnecessary now that the State was not going to pay for improve ments. Mr. MoPherson pointbd out that th* Grovernment would have to pay for improve ments on resumed land. The Commissioner replied that onlv such improvements would fas paid for which tfo Board reported were neceaeary. The line was passed. The next line, which abolished rent by assess ment, was paHsed ; alao fine G and soheduleB without dissussion. M;r. pOynton moved a new clause to prevoat in th« reofferin|r of the leases the reduction in tha price of improve ments until tha land had been offered at 2a. 6d. per square mile,. Mr. Burf?oyu» pro posed a. modulation of the clause, but after a long diacuasion tha clai«ie as amended was re jeoted at 5.10 by a majority of (j. Mr. Foster submitted a olause to allow tenants to abandon improvements if they erected others of equal value, which, after being technically amended, was adopted. At quruter to 6 Mr. Archibald proposed a clause to .Hand a ler.eoof an 8-in. rainfall land to fourteen yearn, but the Com missioner saw a difficulty in keeping the records, and the, olauae was withdrawn. Mr. Archibald thea tried hia hand at a soientifio basis for tent, which was such a sompleta revolution thah the Minister *sked for breathing time. Tha rent was to riband fall according to th a price of wool. Mr. Giles reminded Mr. Archibald that he had opposed & reduction of rent to the 18SS lessees, though the price of wool bad fallen nearly one-half. The olauae was negatived. At' ii.20 Mr. Homburg had his innings. His iirat amend ment) was to allow a lessee, part of whose run was reuumed, to surrender the whole, uo thao he should not be forced ba retain inferior country. The Coucmissioner contended that the clause would enable a tenant in crtain cases to get the value of improvements year* before id was doe, even where land had not been resumed. Mr. Homburp rose to question the Coccnrasionpr's reading of the Act as the members left for' tea/ Imme diately afterwards progress waa reported; the OommitSea to aid again to-night. In the belief that that might be tha last opportunity to ventilate grievances, members spent threB hours and a quarter on the motion to go into Supply. In the Standing Orders awaiting approval a check is provided against the abuse of privilege of talking on this motion, but it would tako a special session to paas those orders. The unpre cedented proceeding last night is warrant for an amendment in the present rule. Mr. Ash and Mr. dock wanted an appointment on the South-Eastern Land Board filled. Mr. Grainger asked for a Ministerial scatemant abouto Jhe disputed boundary. Mr. Caldwell protested against legislating in the dark. Air. MoDonald brought up the ' mam' question in connection with the Happy Valley Water works. Mr. Prioe revived the unemployed problem in gloomy colours, and the Hon. J. £L Howe echoed tha senti ments of Mr. Aah, Mr. McDonald, and Mr. Grainger. Mr. Lacdaeer also echoed. The Premier quoted Dr. Watte about little birds than in their nests agree for the benefit ot Mr. Solomon and Mr. Grainger, who lately appeared disposed towards strife. The Ministry would avoid unnecessary ex penditure on the boundary dispute. (Mr. McPherson— ' Oh.') The Government would noti epend money merely to find work for the unemployed. Ho gave supplementary infor mation as to the Happy Valley mains. Mr. McPherson, supporting Mr. Solomon, aaid there was worse Shan nigger-driving going on at Happy Valley Works. The Premier pro tested against unjust charged. Let them be defined and enquiry would be made. The South- Eastern Lind Board appointment would be made thin month. Mr. Poynton urged upon the Government the necessity of finding a pubiio works polioy. Mr. Giles would rather give she disputed land to Viotoria than go to law. Ho esauired about a defaulting railway servant. Mr. Solomon called up the ghosts uf litigation in which the Government suffered to wuru membera against proseouting a case against Victoria. The Happy Valley Works would noii bo completed within 20 per cent, of the estimate. The fcion. A. CatD emphasized the necessity for providing adequate nr.aiua from the Happy Valley reservoir. Water at Gd. per 1,000 gallons would pay tha Government and the orchr.rdist handsomely. Mr. MuPherion put in a plea for the reprieve of the South- Eastern Drainage Bill. He repeated that a system of tyranny was being practised at Happy Valley. Mr. Gilbert thonght that a. Seiect Com mittee should investigate the charge. Mr. Archibald referred to tha water supply at the Semaphore. Mr. Moule, Mr. Batchelor, Mr. Wood, Mr. Coneybser, and Mr. Bartlett filled ap the time to 10.40. Me Bartlett's speech was characteristic. He relapsed into slang. He 'elansed' tho working man, abused the Government, travelled from Dan 'io Beersheba, and announced that he was ?ck of Parliamont, for he could no longer do (ood in it. Incidentally Mr. -Dsrdetc'a buf foonery amused the House. To the Premier's .ntenee relief Mr. Bartlett, after speaking lalf an hour, cut his remarks short, and the Estimates were taken in hand. Consideration of the Estimates was re newed on the vote for Firs Brigades, the efficiency of whioh waa generously testified to. Mr. Motile and Mr. Caldwell, however, dis approved of a concession of duty upon the new engine. After passing the item the Committee wend on to the Crown Land* Department, and the first discussion waa on date planting. Mr. Homburg urged that the piantationsshould beproperly maintained. For theNationalParkCuratorMr. McDonald naked ihat the zemdence of the nurserymen at Belair bo handed over, but Mr. Price and the Com missioner objected to the abolition of the nursery. The reat of the ltenia for the de partment was carried in about two minutes, so that full atonement was mado for tho loss of timo. Progress was reported, and the Committee had leave to sit again the next day. The Rural Industries Bill having been in troduced a masnacre ol the innocents took place, the South-Eastern Drainage-, and the Wow Wow, and Kopperruanna K&ilway; Bills being read and discharged. The House rose at 11.10. In the Legislative Council to-day hon. members will iurther consider tho adviaable neeB of introducing coolie labour into tho Northern Territory, and the Hon. E. Ward baa a motion respecting tho publication of Mr. Clement Wragge'a weather loreuaits. In tha Assembly there are seven notices* of motion and swisnty-oue Orders of the Day. The evening sitting will be devoted to the Pastoral and Taxation Bills. ? Yocng Martin Gone to Ska.— Through the kindness of Mr. Phillippa, of Messrs. Wills &, Co., Mr. Burton ha3 been en abled to get young Martin, who made him Belf notorious br several timea eHoaping from the Reformatory, on the articles of tho ship Cardigan Castia, commanded by Captain Golding, and the veaflel left for En-jlund on Tuesday. From what Mr. Bunon can learn, he does not thiuk the lad could have sailed under a batter inastsr. It will be remembered that Judge Kucdev, who dealt very leniently with the boy, suggested that tha discipline on board ship would have a beneficial effeoi* on the youngster, and for some time past Martin his expressed a deBire to go to soa. In conversation with a representative of the Register Mr. Burton said — ' I am of opinion that a year or two's sea life will give him a better chauco of living down the past than would be likely by him remain ing here. I do not m«an to imply that the kd 18 Bo'mUOh wowe than the ordinary run of hl8 olaBS, but he baa become oo public a cha racter SB to give him little chance of obtaining honest employment in the colony for some tima to come. I had the lad nearly eight months. For four or five months after the firat month I had very little trouble With the boy. He had his liberty about the place, and went out on Saturdays and Sun days with the person in charge or myself, the lame as waa the caae with the other lada. About two months ago acino persona without thinking it necessary to acquaint me of th« fact took an aotive interest in the lad, and evinoedaatrongdesiretorelievemeofalifurther responsibility in looking after him, the result being that probably not needing very much persuading Martin ran away twieo. If it had not been for this interference I do not think I should have had any more trouble with Martin than I have had with the average lada I geC. I certainly have bad some far more iiffioultlads to deal with than Martin waa for ihe first six months.' 