A DESPERATE FIGHT. fBr Paul Hull.] One of the most thrilling events in the bis. tory of military courage is that of Rorke's Drift, where less than 100 English infantry held their ground against and ultimately defeated 3,000 of the bravest and best disci plined savages in King Cety wayo'a army. During the Zulu war of 1879 two lieutenants (Bromhead and Chard), with 86 men under their command, were sent out on a foraging ex pedition from their camp on the Buffalo River. Two days later, laden with the spoils of their raid, they started back. While ascending a hill, over which the trail ran, three columns, each composed of not less than 1,000 warriors, were seen following up the spoor (track) of the soldiers. Against such an agile and un encumbered foe flight was hopeless. A place presenting some natural advantages for a stubborn defence having been observed but a short distance back, the little party retraced its march and proceeded to fortify it with the means at its command. The paokhorses were killed to serve as the foundation of a bar ricade, and on top of them were tiered the bags of mealies (African corn) with whioh they had been burdened. Before these crude defences could be entirely completed the Zulus, necessarily merged into one column of attack, owing to the defile through which they were compelled to charge, came swarming up the past. ' Aim low and pour it into 'em, boys !' was the order, and pour it into them they did. ' For several minutes the rush lasted, yet not a man appeared to advance beyond a certain line. It was like the horse in the tread-mill, who keeps continually moving, but fails to gain a foot. So it was with the Zulus, for tbe quick volleys mowed the head winks down as though some mighty scythe in giant hands was swung with pendulum regularity across the path of the on- coming host. Soon between the fort and the enemy a new barrier com menced to grow — a barrier of dead and dying men, up to whioh the marching companies advanced only to swell the gruesome heap. Baffled and amazed the savage horde at length swung back out of range, but not for long. There was not a warrior among them but knew full well that Cetywayo woiild put them to the spear if they came back defeated, so it was as well to din in battle as to offer themselves a sacrifice to the contempt and passion of their chief. After a time those within the intrenchment caught the far-away sound of an ominous murmuring, which pre sently swelled into the dreaded warory — tbe song those wild warriors sing only when they march to victory or annihilation. Then . they appeared in their original forma tion of three oolumna on the plain beyond the mouth of the pass, their ox-hide shields across their breasts and their great stabbing assegais (spears) held a little in advance. So they came on until they choked the entrance of the gulch ; then the two rear columns halted, and the front one, crying 'Bulala umlungo !' (kill the white men), charged. Those who reached the human barricade threw down their shields, through which the bullets psssed with ease, seized the lifeless forms of their comrades, and continued to advance sheltered from the fire of the soldiers by the bodies of the dead. Many of theZulusin this way succeeded in Teaching the foot of the breastworks, but in order to leap the same they were compelled to expose them selves to the deadly fire of the breechloaders, and although several of them gained the enclosure by vaulting over the barricade it was only to be impaled on the glittering bayonets that fringed tbe walL Again thwarted and amazed that their courage availed them not the remnant of the column retreated slowly and sullenly down the pass, some of the Zulus halting every few yards in the midst of the fire, which continued to waste them away, to shake their spears at the little band. 'We must make this wall higher lads,' said the officers, when the last Zulu had gained the foot of the hill ; ' jump out here and pile these bodies on.' , There was no lack of material, and in a short time tbe barricade was raised so high that a number of the dead were thrown inside to serve as a platform for the soldiers to stand on and sight their rifles over the top. Shortly after this the sun went down ; then the soldiers knew that they would not be again assaulted until the daybreak ; for the Zulus believe that at night the air is full of ghosts, and although they are probably the physical enpariore of any other race, and endowed with a courage whioh often approaches the Bublime, dark ness has the effect of forcing them to; give full rein to their superstitious fears, and so they gather in squads around their little camp-fires, finding comfort in companionship. After the night had fallen the question of retreat was considered, but soon abandoned, for it was seen that to escape it would be necessary to gain the open country by stealing down and out through the pass that was certain to be guarded well So the brave -company took a pitifully small pull at the precious liquid in their canteens, and after the sentries had been posted, stretched their exhausted bodies on the rocky floor, and with a dead Zulu for a pillow, sought tbe rest that was to strengthen them for the desperate struggle on the morrow. Just before the eastern aky began to pale, the soldiers were awakened, and none too soon ; for, thinking to take tbe garrison by surprise, tbe Zulus were to be observed creep ing up the defile. A belohing line of fire told them that their object was hopeless. The sun was over an hour high before they made their first charge ; then, although killed, wounded, and swept back, they came up again and again, only to be torn and shattered by the awful showers of leaden hail poured upon them from behind the bulwarks of their own dead. Throughout the day every storming device known to the men trained in carnage was adopted by them, but without success ; and when the second night oame on the Zulus could count the* cost of their desperate valor by the hundreds of men who carpeted the pass. During tbe day the soldiers, driven to it by t the scorching heat, bad consumed the little ? water remaining in their canteens, and now f another long night was to pass without a drop to moisten their parched throats and cracked and bleeding lips. ' Lieutenant,' said one of the men, ' let me . go and try to fill a few oanteens. I may get through, and if I don't — why then FU know I've done my duty.' 'No, no, man ; if we're to die we'll all die together,' was tbe answer he received. . At last the morning oame and wore away. Were the wily savages playing possum among the rooks, hoping by stratagem to gain what their courage had noli been equal to? Did they expect tbe soldiers to believe Chat they had given up the fight and left them to make their way back to camp in safety ? The midday sun, bo near the zenith that it failed to oast a shadow, shot down its burning arrows upon the devoted band, whose blood shot eyes kept watch behind the putrid todies of ' their foes. One of tbe men motioned — for speech was not possible — that be would creep down thepasB and see if the Zulus bad really gone. His offioars did not deter him. for they knew that unless water was to be bad shortly few of them wonld be alive when another morning broke. Climbing over the barricade the brave fellow made his way warily along until he neared the outlet, then leaning his rifle against a boulder, be got down on bis hands and knees and crept to the opening. . Several minutes passed, then _ bis anxious suffering comrades saw him jump to bis feet, swing his arms to them, and walk boldly out on the plain. Had tbe condi tion of their throats permitted a cheer of victory and thanksgiving would have shaken the boulders of Rorke'e Drift. In another moment tbe entire garrison were swarming down the hill to plunge their fevered faces into the leaping, laughing waters thai sported among the rooks. It afterwardi became known that the three Zulu regiments defeated at Rorke's Drift wets fully equipped for a long campaign and were on their way to attack the settlements of Pietermaritzburg and Darban when they came across and followed up the. track pi the . foraging party. The two days' fight so thinned their ranks that the ''i^imT design was abandoned and the whole Natal territory was thus saved from destruction and the in habitants from massacre. For tbar gallant conduct in this affair, the two officers ,wan brevetted majors, ;ahd honors were ajrarded j» their men.— JSofyer** Young Pw&u; ' ' - 