BEOEPTION AND PROFESSION OF SISTJEBS OF MERCY. CEREMO?TV AT THR fTONVENT. Seldom in Soath Australia cut each an im preBBiTe ceremony be witnessed as that which took place at St. Mary's Convent of Our Lady of Mercy, An^as- street, on Thursday week. It is only on rare occasions that an opportunity is afforded of seeing four young ladies received into the order, and two make profusions after being novitiates for eome time. The pretty little chapel where the ceremonies took place was filled, ihonirhowiner to the smallness of the room the number of invitations issued was not large. The high altar was beautifully deoorated. Shortly after 9 o'clock a procession was formed from the rear of the chapel. First came the crossbearer, then the postulants, novices, professed religious habited in their church cloaks and lighted tapers, mother assistant, and mother superior. The choir sang the hymn 'O Gloriosa.' The Bisters took their places on each side of the chapel, and the postulants remained on their knees. The latter were attired in bridal coBtume — white satin gowns, veils, and wreaths. The absence of the Archbishop of Adelaide was to be regretted, as he is the one who usually performs a ceremony of this nature, and the Very Rev. Dr. Byrne (administrator of the arch diocese) acted ae celebrant. The Rev. Father McEvoy ably officiated as master of ceremonies. * annex ucsgrave aiso assisted, miu i'trarero Martin and O'Donnell were likewise present in the sanctuary. The reception of the postu lants took place first, and after blessing of the habit they retired. They again entered attired in white veil and habit, and aided by the mother superior and the mother assistant received the cinctures from the administrator and bad them girded round them. They then kissed the administrator's hand, after which the white veil was removed and another sub stituted, while they were also costumed with the church cloaks. The candidates all took the vows of chastity obedience, and poverty. After a sympathetic chanting of the ' Eruc tavit' by the choir and novices they prostrated themselves at full length before the altar. Whilst in this position several prayers were re cited, and on rising the novices embraced the mother superior and kissed all the religious in turn. Those who were received into the order are : — Miss Henrietta Reniban, of Melbourne, who took the name of Sister NlaryLiguori;Miss Koran Downey, of Limerick, who took the name of Sister M&ry; Xavier ; Miss Maty J&tm; Brogan, of Geelong, who took the name of Sister Mary Alacoque; and Miss Teresa O'HaUoran, of Sydney, who took the name of SJBter Mary Aloysius. The Rev, Father Peters, S.J., mounted the platform after the reception of the novice*?, and delivered an appropriate eerruou. He took for his text Matthew xix. He asked — What did it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? That glorious murim had been the cause of many hundreds shutting themselves from the world to Rain happiness and tranquility in a house of religion. Those sisters who had entered the service of God that morning have left home, country, fathers, mothers, brothers, sieters, and friends. They had renounced all the pleasures and joys of Ufa in *he nntar world for a, reiisrious order where they felt they would have a better chance of gaining everlasting salvation. Happy would they feel at the hour of death after a life spent in the service of their Creator ! True religious were happy persons in this world in spite of their daily sacrifices and labors. Some people thought that monks, nuns, and sisters lived a most gloomy life, shad up as they were in cells and going about like ghosts, wbiie they had nothing to live for in this world. On the con trary they spens an active and useful life. The Sisters of Mercy were governed by a lady superior to whom they offered humble obe dience. They had no possessions of tbeir own, and even the clothes they wore were not Sheir property. They might have been rich in the world, and might have enjoyed every comfort, but in their convent they gave up everything for the love of Jesus Christ. Though poor them selves they largely contribute towards tbe relief of the needy, who were alwavs sure to find in the good sisters kind friends and ones who would always cheer them in their wants. They went out daily to nurse the sick and performed those services with a tenderness and sweetness quite different to the paid or hired attendant. They did not look for reward in this world ; they did all for the sake of Jesus Christ, to whom they entirely consecrated their lives. Their labors were not confined to private homes and houses, bnt they also visit the pick and poor in tbe hos pitals, and in .Catholic countries they had charge of hospitals and orphanages and houses of refuge for the destitute and forlorn. It would be needless to mention further the good works performed by the Sisters of Mercy and other religious orders. They spent their time in meditation aud prayers and not in amusements, and great good must result to the community through their supplications with the Most High. They practised many sacrifices and acts of self deniaL He congratulated tbe sisters upon their happiness. They well ?understood how precious the treasure and conviction of a re ligious order was. They had left the world with all its joys and promises, realising that they were doing all for the greater honor and glory of God and the welfare of their neigh ' bora. They had made these sacrifices of themselves to God, and he asked them to renew it every day of their lives. Let them embrace their new home and tbe whole world in their heart and have courage and confidence, exclude no one in their prayers, Bufferings, and good works. How beautiful would be their crown in Heaven if they presevered to the end of their existence and made a sincere sacrifice to God. He offered them bis sincere congratulations and his blessing. At the end of the reception the ceremony of professing two novices was begun. They were Bister Mary Columba McM&hon;, of Dublin, and sister of the late Father McMahon, who died recently at the WeBt-terrace Palace, and Sister Mary Vincent Hyland, of Quean's county, and niece of Father Martin, of Mount Barker. It might be mentioned en passant tbat on the occasion of the reception of Miss MoMflhon, her brother preached an eloquent sermon, and his great wish was to be spared till the time ehe was wedded to tbe church, when it was his intension to charm his congregation again by his gift of language. However, man proposes and God disposes, and Father McMahon was carried away last year. The ceremony of the profession of a nun is even more impressive than the reception. The novices communicated at the moss which was offered by Dr. Byrne, and they assumed the black veil and silver ring. According- to the 'Pontificate Eomnnum' when a bishop or archbishop acts as celebrant the pontifical otto is recited as far as the goepeL The novicos, habited as during their probationary year, eachacoompanied by two veiled religious, are led from the convent into the church, and go up two and two into the sanctuary. There they kneel, and the priest officiating in the character of the archpriest requests of the biBhop seated on bis throne before the altar that they may be consecrated. The bishop enquires whether they are fit and worthy, and being assured that they are bids them come up. They obey, and' after a short exhortation be says to them in aloud voice, ' Are you willing1 to persevere in the observance of boly chastity?' Each declares her willingness aloud, and after placing her joined hands between those of the bishop pro nounces her perpetoal rows. They return to their former place and kneel down with heads bowed to the ground ; the bishop kneels in front of the altar and the oboir sings the litanies. fLftm- the sentence *'U* omnibus fidelibns deftmctis,' &&, and the response, the bishop rises, and with his mitre on and the crosier in bis hand solemnly blesses the newly-professed, saying, ' Vouchsafe, O Lord, to bless and con secrate these, thy servants.' The response is made 'We beseech Thee, hear ns.' After the litanies the professed rise. ' Veni Creator,' is sung, and they withdraw into a robing room to change their dress. The bishop blesses the different articles of their future costume, andfirat of all the habit whieh- tfaey immediately put on. They reappear two-and-two and again 'form a eemi- circle round the bishop, who, after prayers, &c.;, set down in the ritual, puts the veil on the head of each and the rings on their fingers, and the bridal wreath on their heads. After several solemn benedictions the mass continues. At the offertory the professed came up to lay their offerings an the altar, and »t the communion the bishop imparts to them the sacred -particles which he has consecrated for them. 'The newly made ureters affection ately embraced all the religious, and the ceremony enaea. An adjournment was then made to the dining-room of the convent, where breakfast) was provided, and the mother superior per Bonally looked after her guests. Toe wedding cake, which was in the centre of the table, was broken by Dr. Byrne, and each guest given a piece. Before concluding the proceedings. Dr. Brass, on behalf of the sisters, thanked the ladies and gentlemen for their kindness in witnessing the reception and profession of bo many good sisters. To any sincere Catholic it must have been a great subject of. consola tion to see those embracing aueh an evangelical life and the evangelical counsels. It ehowsd ' that the faith of the Cabholio Church was very lively when it induced so many of her children to embrace this holy and almost divine life. He need scarcely ask them to join with him in wishing the young ladies who received tins religions habit the possession of tlie great gift of perseverance. They were told , that perseverance crowned their work, ?nd it was their uineerewiBh that such would be the cue in the state cf life they had just entered. They wished before very long tbe Bisters of Storey would bave another reception, *rhen he hoped they w^rald all Bit round the Seebive board again. The novices and Sisters Columba and Vin cent were warmly congratulated by all present, ? knd they were wished every euooeea in their MvqpbeK of life. 