BRAYBROOK NOTES. '0" Friday eveiireni ; h 2thinst., a very "siccessful i-itertaisiment.was given in'the Public'-Hall Braybrook' Junci tion, in aid of the funds of the Church of England, by Mi Brett of Ringwood. The entertainment- consisted of -:an exhibition, d f. eiJ severity colored photographic lime-light views of well known scenes, places and public build ings in London. Several popular songs were very ably rendered by MissTuirner and Mr Brett which, added to the descriptions of the views given, made a very,.pleasant .evening., A- vote of thanks to thatlt lady and gentlenian for their kindness i in r coming. so! far. -to assist brought 'the proceedings to a close. The Fish Protection Society en co'iraged: by?'thie success of the' past year's, efforts iih 'stocking the. Saltwater river with trout has just placed some five or six hundred fry in the stream above the ford. A fine trout over ten pounds in weight wa '~a'ught last'week, and many of smaller size have been secured, but at present the water is too muddy for the sport. It is a pity; the English perch is not introduced into these waters. It affords good sport being lively and strong, and can live anywhere and do well where other fisli would fail. The committee appointed by the Shire Council to inspect the streets of the Station Estate-Messrs Jones, Mullenger, Barnett, and Dickson, with Mr. Pullatthe, Secretary-met on ther i'xth inst. at the'Juntiion "~tThey -were joined by some of the residents and.in spected the streets which it is proposed to take over. Very favorable opinions were expressed as to the justice and necessity of the step, and the council will at its next meeting, upon the motion iof ,Councillor Mullenger, deal with ihe::quiestion,- when 'it: is to 'be hoped this long standing matter may be satisfactorily settled. Municipal. matters are . getting decidedly interesting oflaie,: and since the challenge thrown out by Mr Roediger of the Braybrook Implement works, public expectation has been considerably aroused. Some local wags have declared the famous Collins street encounter is responsible for this state of affairs, and that it only affords one more illustration of the disposition of mankind to emulate one another in deeds of heroism and daring. A book is being made on the event, and some heavy betting is said to have been already indulged in as to the result of the meeting. A parody upon the old song, "Oh woodman ! spare the tree"! has been brought to light, and bids fair to become a favorite. It begins "Oh council! spare the fence" . but as its literary merit is not very striking, and: as strangers from a distance can't be expected to catch the local references no more 'need be said'of.it. It surely can't be-on account of these municipal disturbances that the dead have been troubled in their long sleep, but two well-known residents of' this district' have met a denizen of the spirit world and held brief-intercourse with a dim and shrouded shape,' when last on the return journey from the City of -Foots cray. Coming to a culvert upon. the Ballarat road the spirit sprang into the air before them, something after the style of a Jack.in-the-box, and when our friends rounded upon the unearthly visitant,c.the spook: dodged and dis appeared::in theculvert', where he lay in no very dignified manner, with the dregs of the evehing's storm 'soiling his ethereal garments. After casting a few stones in contempt at such a` cowardly ghost, the travellers departed; but it is averred that the stones went through the culvert, as if there were no bundle of dirty linen in the way 'o hinder their progress.: ,However, as ghosts are not subject to the laws of cohesion this non-resistance to the chunks of" road metal is not to be wondered at. [Must have beeii strong spirits.--E. 1.] 