!' A JJVELT CORPSSlj, <"HERE is no telling when a party is VW absolutely dead in the United States. A few years ago it was implicitly believed by some people that the Democracy was dead. Just now the same prediction is being made in regard to the Republican party. Whenever we read in a Republican paper that the Democracy is dead, or vice versa , we are very much reminded of that yarn about Shuckers. A man named William D. Shuckers died in Wilmington. It seems that there was another man in the city bearing precisely the same name, and when the death was announced a good many of his friends thought he was dead, and they resolved to go to the funeral. On the day of the funeral the living Shuckers also thought he would go, partly for the purpose of ascertaining how it felt to participate in the obsequies of a man named William D. Shuckers. He took up a position in the vestibule, and as the mourners were about to come out, a friend of his, named Jones, saw him. The first impulse of Jones was to rush through the kitchen and climb sud denly over the back fence ; but he controlled himself, and after poking Shuckers in the ribs with his umbrella to determine posi tively that he was not a ghost, Jones remarked ; — 44 Why, Shuckers, what on earth are you doing here? Why ain't you in your coffin Y" 44 Coffin!" exclaimed Shuckers, 44wha d' you mean ? What do. I want with a coffin ?" 44 Mr. Shuckers, you know you are dead. Why, they gob up all this gorgeous funeral for you, all these carriages and pall-bearers and things, and the clergyman's just been paying you splendid compliments that any dead man might be proud of." 44 But I tell you I'm not dead. I'm as much alive as you are." 44 There is no use of arguing the point, Shuckers ; the occasion is too solemn for controversy. But if you have any considera tion for the feelings of your bereaved family who are weeping like mad upstairs, and for the undertaker who is waiting inside there with the screw-driver, you will go and get into your coffin and behave. It's indecent to carry on so at your own funeral." 44 Jones, my boy," said Shuckers, 44 you have mistaken " 4 4 No, I'm : not mistaken you're dead, technically dead, anyhow. It has been announced in all the papers, your relations have gone into mourning, tho Beard of Trade has passed resolutions of regret, the sepulchre has been dug, up there in the cemetery, and the undertaker has gone to considerable expense to inter you comfort ably. Now, go and He down, won't you ?" 44 Hang the undertaker," said Shuckers. 44 No, I'll nob lie down. I'll see you in Kan sas first. " 44 Now, see here, Shuokers, I came here to attend your funeral, and I'm not going to be baffled by any unseemly conduct on the part of the corpse. Oh, you needn't look mad at me ! — either yon get back into that coffin so's the lid can be screwed. on and the procession can move off, or I'll put you in there by force. If inanimate remains like you can go scooting 'round in this incen diary manner, we'll soon have the cemeteries unloading and the unnumbered dead crowd ing out and wanting to vote." Then Jones called the undertaker, who knocked Shuckers down with a cane and held him until he explained, and until the scared undertaker recovered his equanimity which left him at the bare suggestion that the corpse was loose. Then the funeral moved on to the cemetery and Jones went home, while Shuckers proceeded to an alderman's office to swear ou$ a warrant against the undertaker - for assault and battery. He intends to change his name to Duykinck. THE MAN FROM PONY GULCH. He was a lantern-jawed, raw-boned speci men of a man, and he rushed into the Cow boys' Retreat with a whoop. "Kerbun-erwow ! Want to know who I am ? I'm the cyclone from Pony Gulch — the lightnin' and the howlin' thunder — the great untamed catamount — that's what I am !" 44 Course you are," said Tootles, sooth ingly. 44 You're the sirribon of the desert and the terror of the hull country — that's what you are !" 44 Whoop — I'm a bad man,!" he howled, spinning round like a top. Then he jumped into the air, and came down fiat on his feet so the building shivered. 44 1 shake the earth — that's what 1 do ! ' You know me, Toot ?" 44 Well, I should say so, ole blue fire." 44 You all know me, don't you, boys?" 44 You bet." ' Come up — come up, every mother's son o' ye, an' drink wine with the bad man from the Gulch." Every one started for the bar with the exception of a quiet stranger, who sat in the corner with a queer little box on his lap. 44 Come up here you — yelled the Terror. 44 1 choose to sib where I am," said the stranger, calmly. 44 If you want to drink, drink and don't bother me," Every one was stricken mute with astonish ment. Refuse to drink with the Terror ! The man was certainly tempting fate. The Terror rubbed his hand over his forehead in a vacant kind of way, a? though he couldn't understand it. Then he let off a war-whoop, and made three jumps for the stranger. 44 Hain't goin' to drink with me, hey ? Won't drink with ole Lightnin' when yer asked ?" He craned his neck forward until his nose was within two inches of the stranger's, who thereupon brought his hand around and knooked the face out of his way. 44 Your breath is awful," was all he said ; and old Tootles fairly palpitated with excitement. What would the Terror do now ? Rushing into the middle of the room the bad man began to undress. 44 He's defied the cyclone, au' the cata mount's goin' ter spring ! The lightnin's goin' tor strike. Watch me." Then he waltzed up to the stranger, and danced first on one foot, then on the other, with a great flourish of fists, but the stranger sat stock still, and never moved so much as a muscle. As a prelude to dragging him to the bar, the bad man caught hold of the box on the stranger's knee, and immediately went down with a howl. Then he got up, shook himself, tried it again, and went down again. This was enough, and the cyclone subsided into a mild zephyr, and wafted itself out of the door without a word. Then the quiet man got up smilingly, and took some cards from hie pocket. 44 I'm a dentist, gentlemen, and I pull teeth without pain by the use of electricity. My lightning is good, for you have just seen it strike. There is my card. Twenty-five cents per tooth. 1 will be with you for a few days in the rear of Mr. Barlow's store. Give me a call." And it is no fiction to observe that all Skytown tried that dentist's lightning— simply because they had either seen or heard how it had floored the bad man from the Gulch. absence. 41 li absence makes the heart grow fonder," 1 said to her last fall. 44 Perhaps, dear one, I'd better wander, And nob ceme back at all." And she? Ah, me ! She whispered low, 44 Yeu'd better go, For absence makes the heart jsjrow fonder." . Don't be a lazy man, for he caii only shovel snow in summer or cub grass in winter. Therefore he is always out of a job. . The spend riiriii who spi'9i(ig hiqasgif is apt to 