SATURDAY, JUNE 16,. 1894: DIBBS01UHIX. . ' Sis GEORGE - DIBBS never misses an ? opportunity of having his fling at the West, and at Broken Hill particularly. "Only a few weeks ago, when Mr. Haynes mentioned the matter of Con- stables White and Shiells, the^Premier \- vent out" of his way to infer that : i Broken Hill was % home of lawlessness. It was not a good place, he said, for B policeman to be tried ia; in other words, if Broken Hill had the ghost of a, chance.of imprisoning a policeman it would jump at it ; as the policeman ii the representative of law and order, \- Broken Hill would not miss the oppor- tunity to gaol & representative because , ". ol ita little regard for law and order. . - It ia the kind of thing that one is accus- tomed to hear said about the " pushes " of Sydney-those low beings who stone constables simply because, being con '> atables, they represent lawx and order. ' " - Evan » Newcastle member protested on that occasion against an innuendo which is not only nnworthy bnt shame- fully unjust, since the police records \- . of Broken Hill_are more satis- factory than those of any other town of similar size in all the colony ; mod the) number of. police stationed here has, excepb on two ' occasions, reached little more than half otk the proportion nreserved for the. whole colony. - It is not at all surprising, then, that in considering the greater ques- tion of federation he should have flung aside the claims and interests of | tho West; more particularly because in recognising those claims and interests he would have had to deal .with South Australia, whose Ministers he appears to detest. To no town and district in the colony does the absence of an effective system of federa- tion mean nearly so much as it does to Broken Hill, for the simplest of reasons t.: that no other town is geographically eituated as this is. Our path to the eater world, including our political capital, is through South Australia; .nd apon the railway lines of that .colony we are absolutely dependent. "We pay tens of thousands a year in Customs for the privilege of living 25 miles or so on the Sydney side of an imaginary line. Though we are, .", jost aa much concerned in the I ~: jK&vroocts; of South ' Australia aa. in those of the Sydney ' side -. good deal more, ia fae tr-if we eat tm dozen Sooth Australian egga we moat first pay about 2d. to the exchequer i of this colony. If aa out-of-work carter here can get employment in I South Australia, he must pay from £10 to £20 before he can take his dray or waggon across a, line which a blind man can see as well as he. If a Sooth Australian farmer sends his son in Broken Hill a pound of bacon, the son must pay to the State another 2d. in the interests of the Sydney side piggeries. -We must pay ls. for every bag of South Australian flour we use ; and if we do not care about having " jr chaff sent round by boat from Sydney j we must pay 10s. a ton for the privilege of using the South Australian article. Tn Customs duties Broken Hill, Silverton, and other Far West settle- ments alone have paid during their short lifetime just about half-a* million of money ; probably a third of which has been in respect of South Australian goods. But this does not represent the whole cost, since because of those duties we have imported largely of some goods from the Sydney-Bide; and that has involved heavy payments for carriage. The absence of federation has coat us dearly, too, through the railways. Differential rates have been charged for years past. Every possible means has been taken to lead trade that should properly be done in Broken Hill to Sooth Australian ports. Only a fortnight ago'the Commissioners, instead, of reducing «no exorbitant charges, for the carriage of coke from the seaboard and of bullion from the mine, still further reduced the charge for ore carriage* Notwithstanding that bullion is far more easily handled than ore, twice as much is charged for the carriage of bullion. The same relation is preserved between coke and ore. Broken Hill, in 6hort, is robbed in order that South Australian ports may flourish; and the robbery is growing larger. If there were no differential rates, little if any smelting would be done in South Australia. With chose rates, smelting locally is becoming more and more out of the question. To the^greater part of the colonies federation is a question of sentiment ; with us it is a question of bread-and butter as well. Tet, though we suffer so largely, Sir George Dibbs proposes no relief. He wastes his time, instead, Over a scheme for unifying New South Wales and Victoria, retarding mean- time that federation which would benefit us. Fortunately no one is likely to take his scheme very seryrasly ; but unfortunately ic will block the path of real reform for ia time. , 