The Pace at the Winiiuil " Of all utter fools, Dick Allerton, you must be the biggest in creation! The woman! is bound to go to the devil, and neither you nor any other man can stop her. How on earth" did ' you get mixed" up with that shady lot?'' Dick Allerton was a fool. There was 110 disputing that. Eton, .Oxford, ij London and Paris had all signally ji failed to knock the foolishness out of him. Ho was the despair of his shrowd, j money-malting father and of his. | worldly mother. He was always on S the wrong side of everything. If there were any chance of dropping cash over a horse he was sure to avail himself of the opportunity. He took shares in the most transparently ; fraudulent schemes ever floated to beguile-' such as lie out' of their lucre ; his purse was always open for il bankrupt actors, extravagant actresses, :j and neody spendthrifts. His servants 3 cheated him right and left ; he would I play billiards, though a nervous affec- | tion robbed his hand of all steadiness ; r| and cards, though a couple of glasses | of wine so completely fogged his poor S little brain as to render "play" on | his part an utter impossibility. | It was Poland Longstafl'e who de ll livered himself of the few remarks S; above quoted. He and Dick were | strolling, perhaps a' trifle unsteadily, | from . a private ..gambling house to— i well, they didn't quite, know whero | yet. Probably the Heliotrope .or the ! Picotee Oiub would be their final des- s tinntion. . " I may be a fool, Roily," said Dick ' energetically, "but I'll swear that | poor little girl is as good as/gold, and | that old rascal of a Frenchman bullies | lier awfully. I'm certain-; lie pinched ; her arm bluck and blue to- night, I ; know." i " Well, .why the deuce does she stay ' there, if he ..bullies her ?" asked Long stafl'e. " I . suppose she isn't obliged ; to if ahb cldesbi'f like'it'."" j "I don't know— I don't understand ft what her relations with Janin are | yet," said Dickj dubiously; . I " Depend upon it, Dick, her rela- tions with hint aro such , as would jj hardly bear scrutiny;/. .Gome, man, let ;< the girl alone, and wake up l" V alerie, that was all the name they | knew her by, those habitues of M. | Gustave Jauin's 'perfectly appointed 4 house. I Roland and Dick had been among | the first to leave that night.; but one i by one tho other men Hnd departed, | and two hours after midnight, found Yalerib and tho mysterious Janin who | ruled herdestiny alone together.- She was | sitting on a settee, gazing into the fire | and absently opening and closing her | fan. Janin was. at,a side table mixing | a brandy- and soda. Apparently, the || fire was lighted more for the uppear- | anco of comfort it gave than from | any need of it, for the air outside I was so warm and "muggy,"' $ that though the long French (j windows/were thrown .-.right back, | the atmosphere of the room was hot I and heavy with; the odor of cigars and i spirits. J | , When /Janin had completed the operation to. his satisfaction, lie crossed | the room, holding the tumbler in his i hand, and muttering a " Sucre 1" be- j tween his tightly-clenched teeth, drew | nenr her, The- girl glanced up appre- | hensively. | "" Curse you, Valerie !" he said, his | voice broken, .with passion— " curse | you ; why did., you lot that fool of a £ Dick Allerton leave so early ? You j are playing your cards damned badly, 1 madam, and, 1" advise you foryo.ur.own sake to be careful. You know what I ii am when I'm roused, you jade?". Valerie dropped her head wearily on j her hand. | " I can't help it," she said treunu- > lously ; "lie; is so innocent, so con- tiding, so — so foolish ! It seems like ' talcing advantage of a child. I can't i do it ; don't ask mo again." | "Ask you !" yelled Janin, '-'No, j by God, I won't ask you ; I command, I' order you to do it. You dare to 1 cross me — to disobey me, and I'll tear Ij you to pieces ! Do you hear ?" "Yes, I hear, you coward," the girl | muttered sullenly, between her teeth. The moment the last word had left her lips Janin raised the hand containing he glass, and deliberately dushed tho ntents in her face. Half blinded, with an inarticulate cry, she sprang ,. to her feet, just as he fol lowed up the attack by liurl- ;> ing the tumblor itself at her. Fortu- | nutely her sudden movement discon- t certecl his aim, and the edge only 1 caught her on the lower lip. Almost beforo tho glass reached the floor the report of a pistol rang through the air, apd Gustave Janin fell lifeless. A policeman stood calm and col lected, taking in tlio details of the scone. At his feet lay the murdered mnn, on the couch was huddled tlio figure of a girl, half wild with | terror, her face bruised and bleeding,, j In front of the window stood a fault- lessly-dressed young man — Dick.Aller- ton, the fool ! "You've no need to look at Mademoiselle; Valeric in that way," lie said, quietly, stepping forward as bespoke. "You want to know who murdered Janin. I did. Here's the pistol." He tossed a rovolver on to the central table, still littered with cards and dice, and then calmly folded his arms and waited. Of course the policeman did his 'duty. " Henything as you may say '11 be took down and used 111 hnvidcnce against you," ho remarked. "All right-," remarked Dick, cheer fully: ".only let someone attend to that young lady, won't you ? I don't want to have two inurders.on my con science, you know." Well, you aro a cool 'un," re marked the policeman admiringly. "I likes to see a man take it plucky." Hb had slipped rouud to the door as lie spoke, and placed himself in front of it ; in another moment lie , was joined by threo or four comrades, and before tiie unfortunate Valerie awoke to a real consciousness of what , was passing, Dick Allerton had been jfbr/1 Ijy charged with the wilful 'rau'. v'of Gustavo Janin, and securely locked up. . « # . All London awoke the next morn ing to" tlie news of the fatality, which was received by Society, first with a spasm- of unbelief and shiver of horror that " one of us " should lrirvwdJcbii' ''accused of such -aglmstly deed; "such bad form, don't you know ;" next, as the passing hours all seemed to bear fresh proofs of guilt on their wings', with a growing convic tion that they had always felt that Dick Allerton would turn out as big a rogue as ho seemed a fool; so that by nightfull his being cast for death was a foregone conclusion. Only one man believed in him, and roundly asserted his incapability of committing the crime with which he stood self- accused. Roland Longstafl'e knew that beneath the careless exterior lurked a chivalrous devotion to friends, wjiich made self-abnegation and obliteration, not simply a duty and a pleasure, but a necessity. One fact, and one only, disturbed Roland's implicit faith in his friend, and that he was careful to keep securely locked in his own breast. A week or two before the murder he had become aware that Dick was in tho habit of carrying a revolver about him ; and when Long stafl'e, who had a wholesome horror of reckless dealing with firearms, ques tioned him as to why he carried tho thing,. he received the answer — given in a jesting- tone, it is true — that it was. to defend oppressed womankind from their tyrants. Dick had absolutely refused to assist him by word or look.. To him, on the much-tried Valerie's head rested the- blood of her tyrant — her slave-driver ; and tho pntli which he had resolved on the spur of a momentary impulse to-' follow to save her from the conse quences of her deed, lie was ready and determined to tread to the I bitter end.';-.-. i Roland believed that not only was Dick innocent, but that Valerie was also. .. . .Why; lie .believed it lie did not know ; bub the conviction had footed itself in his" mind and : refused to be shaken. Tho girl herself was lying ill in the house, which, pending her re covery, Ayas left in its usual state,. MbnsieurJanin having apparently so little forecasted his own destiny as to. think any sort of will or; instructions in case of his death unnecessary.- . ' Of course the. best counsel that could be procured was . retained for Dick's defence; but the .'great, man shook his /head ominously,- and/held out very little hope of doing anything, although he had so far prevailed with his client ' as to induce him not to plead guilty. Roland's great desire was to get an interview with Valerie. Day .after day lie called, sending up messages, imploring her to see liitn at the earliest possible moment. The fifth day after the inurder he was told, on making his usual inquiry, that if he would excuse Mademoiselle receiving him in her bod- room she -would be glad to see him. He found her in an easy-chair, looking wretchedly white and wan, but with a wild eagerness in her eyes and face; " Oh, Mr. Longstafl'e!" she cried, as soon as she caught sight of him,', " I have so wanted to see . you, but the doctor said I was not well enough before ! I want to talk to you about— about " she broke oft", shuddering. "I know what you mean," said Roland. " Don't excite yourself over it or I shall have to go. We are quite alone "".glancing rpund the room as hp spoke. "How, my dear girl, what is it ? Anything to do with Mr. Aller ton'" "Yes. I am sure ho is innocent," she cried feverishly. See hero, Mr. Longstafl'e ; would there not have been some smell of powder, some smoke from a shot fired in a room ?" " Good Heavens, yes ! - Do you mean to say there was none? What fools we have been I Tell me all you ltnow, Valerie, quickly !" As clearly as she could remember, Valerio described what had tuken place on that fatal night. "I know I half fainted," she said, earnestly, " but I'm sure I didn't quite. And the report didn't sound very loud, or- I didn't think so, at any rate. Of course, T didn't notice at tho time that there was no smell and no smoke ; but now that I recall matters I am absolutely certain there was neither." " Of course, you were too upset to ob serve," said Longstafl'e, " but that fool of a policeman ought to have noticed. Do you know how soon it was after the shot was fired that you saw Mr. Allerton in the room ?" "Very soon after," said Valerie. " As I said, I half fainted, and when I knew anything more, Mr. Allerton was standing betwoen Janin and myself. He didn't say anything, and in another minute or two the police man came in." Who sent for the policeman ?" ..queried Longstafl'e. " Emil, the man who always opened the door to you. Ho was dozing in tlio hall, and hearing the shot and the fall, and my scream, he rushed out into tho street." " Well, wait a minute. At what time did Einil admit Mr. Allerton tho second time? He went away with me, quito early, you know, and wo were together till one o'clock." " I don't know. Emil is downstairs. Will you ask him ?' " Yes. I think I'll go down to him now. I want to have a look at the drawing-room, also. Tell me, Valerie, exactly where Dick was when you first saw him." " Let mo go down with you," said the girl, earnestly. "Mr. Longstafle, it sounds extremely conceited to say one could even dream of such a possi bility, but I have thought once or twice that Mr. Allerton was trying to take this on himself to shield mo ! That he thinks me really guilty of the murder? Is it so ? Does he think that of mo?" Longstafle took her hand in his, and pressed it kindly. "I'm afraid he does, Valerie,'' he said gently. He had penetrated the, girl's secret— her love for Dick — long'before this. Oh, it is too horrible that he should think so of me !" moaned tho girl, hiding . her face in her hands. .Then suddenly, looking .appealingly up into her companion's face, " I didn't do it, Mr. Longstafl'e; indeed I didn't!" "My dear child," said Roland, "I never for a' moiuent thought you did. But the thing is to prove that neither you nor Dick did it." He gave the girl his arm, and helped her carefully down the stairs to the drawing-room floor. Valerie turned so sick and faint on enterin" the room that she clung to him for support. He led her toward a couch, and was about to place her upon it, when she shrank away in horror. " Not there ! Not there ! That was where I sat then !" He assisted her to a seat opposite the one she refused, and looked care fully about tlio room. " So you were on that couch ; was it where it is now ?" "Yes, exactly," . " And J anin stood in front of you ?" "Yes." " And the window ; was it open or shut." " Wido open ; don't you remember how hot it was that night ?" Roland moved about the room, re volving all the circumstances iu his mind. " It all depends upon the time at which Emil admitted Dick," he was saying, when the words were arrested bya scream from Valerie. She had risen from her chair, and was gazing, white and trembling, through tho window opposite her. ' > : " The face ! The face !" she gasped, growing white to her lips. "The face oifc .'tlifl wirwlnw . , Roland was at her side in a moment. 'What face ? Where ?" 1 There ! There — at -the window .opposite — over, the road. Oil, such a ivliite ghastly face! Could it be Janin's face— his ghost? Oh,T a in so frightened She broke into a pas sionate fit of- weeping. " I'm not mad, I'm not mad j" she cried Ipitcously. " Don't, look at me like that, Mr. Longstafl'e 1 It came for . a moment, -and then left. Such a -dreadful face -1". / : ' "Don't look' that way again," said Roland, soothingly, " I will : watch, and find', out .what it is." He crossed to the window, and- stood ' there with his eyes-fixed ; on the one in the oppo site house. . . His mind, was busy -turn ing over, and over the one subject that was. everything to hiiii, wlipnj sud- \- denly, ho; was .'aware that there was indeed a face at the- window. . He rubbed his eyes. No I it. was no illusion.' A face was really there; and, as' Valerie said, awful, ghastly- looking. "While ho looked it disap peared. Apparently, the house was untenanted. True, there was no "To let" notices exhibited, but evidently the house, at any rate the front rooms, was quite unfurnished. " Valerio," lie said, turning to the still weeping girl, "Don't be frightened, my dear. There is someone in that room opposite, and I am going to find out who it is.. Let mo first help you up to your room again." " No, no," , she, cried. " Send the servant up to me— don't lose a moment; find' out what it means ! >' Roland needed no urging. Ho, felt that in some mysterious, unlooked- for way, light would bo thrown on the subject of the murder. As fast as a cab could take him lie was driven to Scotland Yard, and was soon on his way back, accompanied by a couple of men, armed with all necessary power for searching tho house. Three times the bell was rung, three times they waited a reasonable time, Roland getting wild with impatience at the delay. " Now, then, Jim !': said the detec tive, at last. Jim applied his powerful frame to the task allotted him, and in unother moment the door swung on its hinges. They entered the passage, leaving Jim to guard tho door. " Which room was it, sir ?" inquired the detective of Longstafl'e. " First floor," said Roland, briefly. "Hark ! what's that?"- A low, moan ing cry echoed drearily through the empty house. The two inen looked at each other, and probably both felt something akin to a dread of what they might find. Again tho silence was broken by the same terrible sound. The detective started upstairs at a run. " Come along !" he called out. "There's something wrong going on hero !" What met their eyes, as they stood at the open door of tho room ? The solitary figure of a man, white faced, emaciated, lying helploss on the floor just beneath the window. On tho mantelpiece, n pistol. Silently they looked at the man, and the man looked at them. At length tho dotectivo stopped forward, and took up the pistol, "You aro Leon Dubois," he remarked coolly. " I charge you with the murder of Gustave Janin, five days ago." " Yes, I did it," the man said, in a voice so low as td bo scarcely audible. " I did it-,' hut you 'aro too late. I am almost dead, man !" , They moved toward? him. " What's the matter with' you ?" asked the detective. " I will toll you all, as well as I can. I am the father of Valerio. Since you know my namo you know that I am not a father to bo proud .of ; so for her sake I havo kept away from her— she thinks I am dead. I heard from somo compatriots that Janin — ho was her uncle, curse him ! her mother's brother —was ill-using her ; so I took this house — in a false name, of course, and night after night I have watched at this window. I have seen yoil there many times" — to Longstafle-; — "Well, flint night tho French windows opposite wore wido open. I saw him throw something at her, it struck her ; my pistol was in my hand, ready loaded, it had been for days. I was only waiting for my op portunity. It came. When ho first stood in front of the window I covered film. When he struck her I fired. That's all." It was not told connectedly as it is here written, but slowly and painfully, with many breaks and pauses, " When I saw him fall I shut tho window, and put tho pistol where you found it. I went to the w.indow to look across again, and something seized my logs — a numbness — ." Even as ho spoke his already deathly face grew whiter, .still,, and; ho sonic back unconscious, ekliausteu by tlie effort he had made. Lpngstufl'e was the first to speak. " We must have a doctor and some one to take his deposition, at once," he said hurriedly. The subordinate was instantly de spatched in search of the necessary functionaries, and beforo long the unfortunate man was removed, . still in a state of insensibility, to the nearest hospital. For hours it was doubtful whether lie would ever regain his senses, or would remain as he was till all was ovpr. At length Roland was summoned from his friend, tho house surgeon's sitting-room, where he had been anxiously awaiting the de velopment of e vents, - "The magistrate is with him now, taking his depositions," remarked the house surgeon. " He is perfectly con scious, but sinking fast. He can't possibly hold' out much longer, poor f'ellow." And when Roland reached tho bed side it was evident . that it was by a supreme effort of will that Leon Dubois lived still — that it was his desire to re move, by his confession, the accusation that hung over Valerie's chivalrous defender (of whose self- sacriSco he had beon informed l>y, the magistrate) that kept him in tho land of the living. When the depositions were duly f ftL-on anrl nttoefnrl |! Mnknio nlAanrl ltiu eyes with a heavy sigh ;' bub opened them again as Roland, bending over him, asked him if lie would like to see Valerie. ' "No ; no," lie. murmured faintly, "she does not know, it would only distress her.; I-saved her-frpm Janin —lie would have given h'er to infamy Worse than- ileath--and- -I-am-'content." And with the last worcHijs eyes closed once ' more, never again to open to earthly sights. How 'many men of High repute die with " content " for their last word ? Of course, there were still somo formalities to be gone; through before Dick was at length declared innocent and released ; and equally, of course, the fickle world, ' which had with one accord pronounced him,' on absolutely no evidence, to be utterly depraved and worthless, now unanimously rushed to the other extreme, and - feted and flattered him as a hero and a martyr. His first impulse on his release was to rush 'to Valerio, , who, poor girl, had come in for an overwhelming storm of vituperation and scorn -as an aban doned French adventuress ; her only friend and defender being Roland, a fact which clid not tend to raise her character in the eyes of tho world. During his long solitary hours of self-communing, Dick had learned how dear Valerie had become to him ; and- his crowning act of folly (judging from the British matron's point of view) was his immediate marriage with the innocent cause of his misfor tune ; which marriage proved to be only the prelude to a long and happy life for both. 