REN5HAK t WANNING I TQ Tost- Autliur of " The tiun-ltunncr, a Somanx of Zulu- land," 'Tweea Snow and Fire," " Through the Zulu Country ; Iu Battlefields and ite m DY Br CHAPIER XIV — Aoainbt Tike. , By sundown Benshaw wee in the heart o! 4he mountains. And now, aa hie steed's «lt warned him, it was time to off. saddle anam The river lay, below, about a hundred yards rrom iub roaa. Dismounting, he lod his horse down through the thick' bush, end re moving the saddle, but not the bridle, which Utter he held in his hand, allowed the animal to eraze and get eooiowhat cooler before drinking. Then, saddling np again, he re gained the road. The latter was in most parts very bad, ae it wound its rugged lengtn through e savage and desolate poorl or defile, which, in itself, was one long ambu tcade, for thick bash grew up to the very roadside, in places overhang ing it. Tne sun had aet, bat a lurid after glow was still refleoted upon the iron face .if a tail krantz, which, tieiug ft-nm the steep forest- clad slope, oleft the sky. Great babooes, squatted on high among the rocks, sent forth their deep-chested, far-sounding bark, in biuf-Btartled, half-angry recognition of tlia presence of their natural enemy mas; and, wheeling above the tree-tops, ascending higher and higher in airy circles to their roost among the crags, floated a pair of fctminerrangera (a epcoies of black eagle), whose raucous voices rang out in croaking ecreain over the glooming dopths u£ the lone d6fi)e like the weird wailing of a demoniac. Darkness fell, for there is no twilight to speak of beneath the Southern Cross, and the dull, dead silence of the mighty solitude was ss broken, save for the hoarse roar of the river surging through its rocky channel, and the measured hoof beats of the horse. And as he urged the animal on, through the gloom, all Hen shaw's apprehensions seemed to renew themselves with tenfold intensity. The app&Uiug; details of the gruesome tragedy chased each other through his mind in all their red horror, aud lus overwrought brain wonld oonjure up tbe most grisly forbodiogs. What if he should arrive too late ! Those unprotected women, helpless, at the meroy of those liende, red-hauded from the sceue of their last ruthless crime, devils inoarnate let loose upon the earth, their lives forfeit, the noose ready for tbeir necks, their only objeot to perpetrate as many infamies as possible before meeting the doom that would sooner or later be theirs ! No wonder the man's brain seemed on fire. The road took a sudden trend downwards. The river must be crossed here. Tne drift wis a bad one in the daytime, at night a dangerous one. Bat the l&tteroon;&ideration;, far from daunting him, rather tended to brace Renshaw'e nerves. Warily he urged hishorse on. The water web up to the saddle-flans-— then a step deeper. The horse, now almost swimming, snorted wildly as the roaring whirling flood creamed around io the starlight. But the rider kept him well by the head, and in a trice he emerged panting and dripping on the other side. Suddenly in front from die bush fringing he road there flashed forth a faint spark, as of a man blowing on a burnt stick to tight his -pipe. All Renshaw's ooolfless returned, and gathering up his reins, he prepared to make a dash for it. Then the spark floated straight towards him, and he laughed at his fears. It was only a firefly. On still. He would soon be there now. Another drift zn the river— splash— splash— out again— still onward. Suddenly the horse pricked forward his ears aud began to e&ort; uneasily. Now for it ! Still, it might bo only a leopard or a snake. But all doubt was speedily nipped in the bud by a harsh voice, in Dutob, csllinc upon him 1 to stop. Peering forward into tbo darkness he made out two figuteB — one tall, the other short. They were about a dozen yards in front, and were standing in the middle of the road as though to bar his passage. There was no leaving the road, by reason of the bush which lined it on either side in a dense, unpenetrable thicket. Thb was by no mesne Rensbaw Fanning' first experience of more or less deadly peril, as wc have already shown, and his unswerv ing coolness under each ciroumut&Dcee; was never &o; consummately in hand as now, when not merely his own tile, but tbe lives of others dearer io him etill, were in the balance. His mind was made up in a flash. 44 Clear out, or I'll shoot yon dead," he answered, in the same language, whipping out his pipe case and presenting it pistol fashion at tbe shorter of the two men, who was advancing as if to seize his Bridle, Tbe resolute attitude, the quick, derisive tone, above all perhaps the olick, strongly Suggestive of cocking, which Renebaw managed to produce from the spring of the implement, caused the fellow instinctively to jump aside. At the same time oame a flash and a stunning report. Something hammed overhead and most unpleasantly near. The other man had deliberately Area at him. Then Renso&w; did the beet thins he could under the circumstances. He took the bull by the horns. He put his horse straight at his assailant, at the same time wrenching off his stirrup- no mean weapon at a posh. But the fellow, losing nerve, tried to dodge. In vain. The bone's shoulder Mt him fair and sent him floundering to earth ; indeed, but for tbe fact that the animal, frenzied with fright, swerved and tried to hang baok, he would have been tramplod under foot. Again Renebaw did thebest thing be could. Mastering a desre to turn and brain the ruffian before he could rise, he rammed the Surs into hie horse's flanks and set off down e road at a hard gallop ; not, hrwever, before he was able to recognise in his assailants a Hottentot and a Bastard. Luokily, too, for three more flashes belched forth from the hillside, a little way above the aoe&e; of the confliot, bat tbe ballots came nowhere near him. Then upon the still BPenoe of the sugbt he conld hear other and deeper tones mingling with the h&rsli; chatter uf his late assftilauts. There was no mistaking those tones. .They iseued from K&fir; lips. He bad walked into the very .midst of the cut throat gang itselt — had come riht through Then the Question arose in his mind, would they pursue nim ? He was certain they had no Qorses, riut he had still about foor miles to go, aud his own steed was beginning to show signs of distress. The fleet -footed bar- barians could travel almost as fast on two flgs as he ooold on four. Tbey might pursue Km; under cover of the. bosh and converge tepon his line of flight gt any mbment. And then his heart sank Within him ae he thought tf a certain steep and very stony hill win ah Eltilley between him and bis journey's end. How hla eare were atrained; how every faoulty was on the alert to almost agonising pitch as, peering back into the sileuce of the floors, he strove to catch the faintest sound Wfaioh shonld tell of pursuit. "4 Up, old horse ! Nearly home now !" ffhe dreaded hill was reached. Minutes BWfiHJil horn to the rider, till at length its vest was gained. Then far below in front there twinkled forth a light, and then another. The eight sent a surging rush of Criief through Benshaw'e heart. 4|Thanke be to God and all the blessed and gjbrip'ns oompany of Heayen," he murmured teventiy, raising his hat. lor he knew tbat those lighted windows People," etc. would not have shone e? peacefully had any red horrific trageay been there enacted. He was yet in time. CHAPTER XV. — The Midnight Foe, 44 Why, it's Renshaw !" cried Mrs Sal- wood, who, hearing the sound of hoofs mingling with the barking of the doge, had come to the door. 14 Wc didn't expect you till to-morrow. Well, you're just in time. A few minutes more and we should all have gone to bed. Call Windvogel to take your horse, and come iu." 44 I'll let liim run ; he's about done up," lie answered, removing saddle, bridle and headftt-ili, and turuing the animal adrift. 44 Has yoor business fallen through ?" she csked, as he followed her into the passage iind closed the door. 44 It has had to stand over. Come in bore, Hilda,'' leading the way into an empty room. "I have something to tell you. No— never mind the light. The fewer lights shown the better." Then in as few wordB as possible he told her of the danger which hovered over them. Hilda Selwood camo of a good old colonial stock, and was not lacking in nerve. Still, she would not have been a woman had she realised the frightful peril which threatened herself and her children without a shudder. 44 We must do what we cau, Renshaw," she said. 44 Perhaps they will not attaok U£." " 4 Perhaps ' is a sorry word to start cam paigning upon. What we've got to do is to ensure them as warm a reception as possible if they do. My opinion is that they will, if only that they seem to have been watohing tbe road. I believe they have ascertained by eome means or other that Chris is away. Whai. people have yon on the farm just now?" " Very few. There's Windvogel and old Jacob and Gomfana. That's all." 14 Windvogel I don't trust. Shouldn't wonder, indeed, if tho yellow scoundrel was in league with them. Old Jacob has more than one foot in the grave — he'a no good. Bat Gomfana, though be couldn't hit a haystack with a gun, might make useful play with a chopper if it oame to close quarters. And now, look here," he went on, after a moment's hesitation, 44 the situation may be desperate. Thee9 seven out-tbroata are fight ing with a noose round tbeir necks, Every one of their lives is forfeited, and they are au well armed. Now, is there no suggestion you can make towards etrengtheningthe garri son?" 44 Why, of course, Marian and I both know how to shoot. That makes three of us. Aud, then, we are under oover." "Well spoken. But I can improve on that idea — if you can bring yourself to agree. Little chaps as they are, Fred and Basil are totter shots than either of you, and game to thecorc." Hilda Selwood gave a gasp. Iter two little ones! Why, they were mere babies but yester day ! And now she w&9 to be called upon to sBcrifioethem — to expose them to the peril of deeperate conflict which would fully tax the courage of grown men. 44 I'd rather not, if it could possibly be avoided," she said, at laet. " Very well. But I'm much mistaken if the young scamps won't take the matter into their own hands directly they hear a shot fired. Now, how many guuB have we? Tnere'a mine — two of Chris's— that makes six barrels, the boys! muzzle loaders, ten barrels. Then Chris has a five-shooter—" " He took that with him." " Did he? Well, I have a six. Altogether we shan't do badly. And, now, you had totter break the news to Marian and Miss Avory while I slip down to the hut to rout outGouifanA. And lose no time barricad ing the windows. Mattresses are the thing for that — almost bullet proof. " Arming himself with a gun and revolver, Renshaw slipped out quietly, and made his way to tbe huts. Gomfana, like most natives, slept heavily, and took a deal of waking ; and by the time the situation was brought home to his obtuse brain some minutes had been lost. He w»b a sturdy youngster of about twenty— a 44 raw" Kafir — tbat is to say, one who had never been out of his native kraal, and was stupid and ignorant of European waye. But at the prospect of a ficbt he grinned and brightened up. Just as they regained the hoose a glow suffused the sky against the mountain top, and a few minutes later abroad half -moon was sailing high in the heavens. Renshaw , hailed its appearance with unbounded satis faction. Tbe two girls had already tit their candles for bed when Mrs Selwood brought the un welcome news, judiciously omitting the ghastly tragedy which could only horrify without encouraging the hearers. Their method of receiving it was as divergent as their characters. Marian, though sheslightly changed color, remaiued perfectly cool and collected. Violet, on the other hand, turned white as a sheet, and fairly shook with terror. was all they couid do to keep her from going into wild hysterios. 44 This sort of thing won't do at all. Miss Avory," said Renshaw, entering at that mo ment ; his sable recruit hanging back in the doorway. 14 Why, all you've got to do is to lie down and go to sleep in perfect safety, if we exchange a shot or two that's all it will amount to. Come, now, I should have thought you would have eujoyed the excite ment of a real adventure." Violet tried to smile, but it ws the mere ghost of a smile. She still shivered and shook. And Renshaw himself seemed changed. None of the diffident lover about him now. He seemed in his element at the prospect of peril. In the midst of her fears Violet remembered Marian's eulogies on his ooolnee and resource in an emergency. The recolleotion quieted her, and she looked upon him with unbounded reapeot. Then she noted Marian's calm and resolute demeanor, and even fancied that the took of the latter was expressive of something like contempt — wherein she was mistaken, but the idea acted as a tonic to brace her nerves. Having seen to tbe firearms and ammuni tion. and cautioned the women to remain where thoy were and allow no more light to be seen than tbey ooold help, Renshaw went the round of the house. Effie aud tho two little ones were sleeping soundly, so also were the two boys. Opening the door, he looked cau. tiously out. All was still. He had decided that tbe four corner rooms should be the points of defenoe, and the windows, aooordiugly, were not barricaded. The others were rendered secure by fixing against each a couple of mattresses. Then be went book to the ladies. The hoiiBe was now all in darkness, but the moonlight streaming in above the pro tooting mattresses gave sufficient light for all pur- poSSB- 44 Now, good people," he said, cheerily, 44 you may all go to bed. I'll oall you when I want you. I'm going to watoh at one oorner, and Gomfana will take the other. There'll be no oatohlng us napping. Be sides, tbe dogs will raise the most awful shillaloo if anyone heaves in Bight." Shakedowns bud been improvised on the floor with rags and pillows. In great measure, reassured by Marian's unoouoera, Violet consented to lie down. Mrs Selwood betook herself to her ohildma'e room. The moon mounted higher and higher to Ike zenith, flooding the land with an eerie sua chastened half light. The monotonous chirrup of the tree-frog, the shrill baying of pair of hunting jackalls, the oeoasional cry ot a nigbtbird mournfully eohoing from the mountain side, floated to the watcher's ear. Unremitting in bis vigilance, Renshaw moved eileutty from room to room, his un erring eye scanning the ground at every point, and keeping hie eable lieutenant up to the mark, lest that worthy should be templed to doze. Bnt Gomfana, who was armed with an axe and some assegais taken from a wall trophy, was rather thirsting for the en counter than otherwise. Some hundred and fifty yards from the msin dwelling was a large onthouse block, comprising stables, waggou shed, shearing house, etc. On this point Renshaw's atten tion was mainly concentrated. He felt sure that the miscreants would take advantage of the shadow of thic building to creep up as near as tbey could. Another point that needed watching was the thick quince hedge which skirted the garden, and which now afforded a shade congenial to the assailants' movements. Nothing is more trying to the nerves than a lonely nocturnal vigil. Most men, brave enough in actual danger, would have felt the "creepy" effect of those silent hours as they strained tbeir eyes upon tbe Burrounding veldt, now construing a shadow into an enomy — now hearing a whisper of voices— the tread of a stealthy footstep?— in tho vary ing and spectral sounds of the night. But Renshaw's solitary and wandering life had inured him to these things. His chief con siderations were, firstly, lest the drowsy feel ing which he was doing his utmost to combat should tend to dim his vigilance ; secondly, the stilling of his cravings for jnst one care fully guarded pipe. Suddenly the faintest possible creak of a footfall on the floor behind him. He turned like lightning. 44 It's only me," whispered a soft voioe. And a tall figure approached in the gloom. 44 Marian J Why are you not lying down with the rest ?" " They're all asleep now, even Violet. Look , I brought you some sandwiches. You hardly ate anything when you came in. You set to work upon them at once, and I'll mount sentry while you are having supper." 44 How good of you," he said, takiug the plate from her, and also the glass of brandy and water which she bad mixed for him. 44 Why, what have you there ? A shooting iron ?" 44 Of course. You don't suppose I was going to leave my gun behind when we are in a state of siege, do you ?" i She carried adouble-barrelled breechloader — rifle and shot cartridge — and there was a warrior flash in her eyes vieible in the moon- tight, which told that she meant to use it, too, if occasion required. 44 It is very lonely for you, watching all by yourself," she oontiuuea. 44 1 thought I would come and keep yon company." 44 So tike you again. But look here, Marian, dear. You must not be exposed to danger. Single- handed I can make such an example of the scbepsels that they'll probably torn and run. Slill, they might let fly a shot or two. You will go bacx to the others if I aek you— will you not ?" Her heart thrilled tumultuously within her. In the darkness she need be at no pains to conceal the tell-tale expression of her face. Ah, bat— his tones, though, affectionate, were merely brotherly. That might be, but, still, whatever peril he might undergo it should be her privilege to share it — her sweet privilege — and she would share it. "No; I will not," she answered, de cisively. 4 1 cau be as cool as anyone living, man or woman. Feel my hand ; there is not a tremble in it." And her fingers closed round his in a firm steady clasp, in which there was uothing nervous, nothing spas modic. 44 1 believe you can," he answered, 44 but I was thinking of yoor safety." "Mysafety!" she interrupted. Then in a different tone, 44 How do you suppose they'll come, Renshaw? Walk openly to the house or try to oreep up in the shadow !" "The last. You see they showed their hand by tackling me upon the road. Yet, tbey may think I've turned In and bothered no more about it. Hallo!" "What is it?" "I could have sworn I beard something. I've got long ears— tike a donkey, you will say." Both listened intently, the woman with less eagerness, less anxiety than the man. There was a kind of exaltation about Marian to-night. Her nerves were as firm as those of ber male companion himself ; and the cer tainty of a bloody conflict was to her, io her thon frame of mind, a mere matter of detail. 44 Ah! I thought I was rieht," he went on, as a premonitory 44 woof" from one of the doge lying around the house was followed by a general uprising and clamor on the part of the whole lot. Then, baying Bavagely, they started off in full charge in the direction of the dark line of sbade thrown by the willows fringing the dam, and on tbe oppo site eide to that watched by Renshaw and his companion. 44 Marian, just go to the other side and look if you can see anything. You won't, I know ; but, Btill, there's no harm in making sure." She obeyed. From that side of the house nothing was visible except a long stretch of sickly moonlight and the line of trees. But the dogs had disappeared within the shade of tbe latter, and were raising a olamor that was truly infernal. They seemed to be holding something or somebody in check. Then she returned to her former post. 41 There's nothing there," she said, 44 at present. Ah !" Three shadowy figures were flitting round the angle of the onthouse blook above men tioned. They gained tbe sbade thrown by the front of it — crouched and waited. 44 Hero tbey are," whispered Renshaw, under his breath. 4 1 was up to that dodge. One fellow was told off to draw off the dogs, while these jokers sneaked up in the opposite direction. Look — here come the rest' Two more figures followed the. first — then another. All were now crouching in the shadow of tbe outhouses. Still the yelling clamor of the dugs sounded distant on the other side, kept up with unabated fury. CHAPTER XVI.— Catching a Taetar. " Now, Marian," whispered Renebaw. 41 Thi is going to be a life and death business, remember. It's them or ourselves. You are sure you have no womanish qualms in favor of 4 giving them a obaooe,' or any madness of that kind?" 44 You will see !' was the curt reply, and tbe tone was sufficient. 44 All right. When I say 4 Now,' you must let into the fellow I'll point out to you. Use your shot barrel, remember. I'm going to let them get quite oloee, and we'll give them a heavy charge of loepers apiece. Then, if we get a show, we'll follow it up with rifle praotiee." She whispered assent, and for some moments tbey strained their eye5 upon the shade of the out-buildings. Suddenly one dxrk figure flitted noiselessly out, fol lowed by another and another, till the whole gang were full in sight, advanoing in a diagonal hue. 44 Keep cool. Marian, keep oool," warned Renshaw. 44 Wait for the word. They are not nearly close enough yet." On oame the six cut-throats. Two black men led— then a bestiallooking undersized Bushman Hottentot ; his hideous yellow faoe, repulsive in ihe moonlight, cruel, ape like; his eyes rolling in eager, ferooious expectation of tho sanguinary orgy whioh awaited. The otber three were half-bloods. Five of them carried guns, the sixch a pistol. Again Rensbsw had done the very best thing he could, in shaping the plan we have heard him lay down On tbey came. Onco tbe leader raised hiB band, and all stopped, listening intently. The wild clamor of tbe dogs still arose in the distance. Reassuted, the scoundrels > ad- vanoed, swiftly, noiselessly. Seventy — sixty —fifty— forty yards. 4 Ready, I Take the third fellow — Now!" Crash ! Crash ! The doable repcrt bellowed forth into the midnipht ettilnese. Mingling with it came a horrid scream. Marian's aim had been trne and deadly. The leader of the gang a stal- wart Kafir, had made one leap into tbe air and had fallen forward on his face. He lay motionless. Again Renshaw drew trigger bringing a third man to the grass, his knee- bone ehattered. Then the nnexpeoted took place. Instead of seeking safety in headlong flight, as the defenders had reckoned, the surviving three rushed madly round to the other side of the house, a ballet from Ronehnw's six shooter fluting to stop them. 44 Stay here, Marian," whispered tbe latter, hurriedly. 44 Draw on the first fellow who shows himself." And in a trice he waBronnd to meet the new attaok. What was this? No sign of the enemy. Had they fled ? Suddeuly a crash of glass— a scuffle and a torrent of Dutch curaos. Quickly the position stood revealed. There stood Gomfana, holding on to a human figure whioh was half in and half out of the window — head and shoulders through tbe shattered sash. He had got tbe fellow firmly by tbe neok with one baud, while with the other be was striving all be knew to drag him in by his cloihing. But the villain — a stalwart half-breed— was almost too muoh for the stnrdy young Kafir. The latter wonld have assegaied him in a moment had he owned three bauds. Having but two, however, and these two being re quired to hold on to bis enemy, it was out of the question— but hold on he did. "titopstrogglineor I'll shoot you dead !" said Renshaw, in Dutch, placiug the muzzle of his pistol against the man's body. Tne fellow, thoroughly cowed, obeyed, and Gom fana, with a final effort, hauled him bodily into the room, amid a terrific shatter of falling glass. 44 What on earth's the row, Uncle Ren shaw 7" said a boy's voice. ''Fred, ont away aud find a reim." (Rope is little used in South Africa, ha plaoe being supplied by raw bide thongs, termed as above). "Sharp's tbe word — mind." In a twinkling theyougater was back with the required article, aud almost as qulokly Renshaw's ready band had strapped op the midnight robber so that tho latter coula not move a limb. Now, all thin had happened iu far less time than it has taken to narrate. (TO BE CONTINUED. I 