THE NEW GOSPELS—A TRANKT.A TION OF THE SYEIAN TEXT. The " Contemporary Review " gives an account of the Gospels discovered' by Mrs Lewis on -Mount Sinai in 1892, the Syraic text of which has just emerged from the Cambridge University Press :— The manuscripts consist of a transcript of the four Gospels in Syriac, dating from a very eariy period, say the fifth century, and representing not unfaith fully a translation which must have been made far back in the second century. There is not the least doubt that, as far as Syriac Gospels are concerned, a text has been recovered superior in antiquity to anything yet known, and one that often agrees with all that is most ancient in Greek MSS.: a text which the ad vanced critics will at once acknowledge to be, after allowance has been made for a few serious blemishes, superior in purity to all extant, copies, with a few exceptions; and, at the same time, a text which, by its dogmatic tendencies, 'will arouse the interest of theologians of every school of thought. It is the omissions of a MS. that first attract the attention of the scientific reader; and in these the new Gospels are peculiarly rich (if a wealth of omissions is not too Hibernian a phrase). ' Xot only is it marked by the absence of such passages as are deficient in the majority of early texts, such as the story of the adulteress in John viL 53—viii. 11, but there are other omissions which are "only certified by a few authorities, such as the last 12 verses of St. Murk, together with a number of passages In the last chapters of Luke, which are omitted by the latest editors, often ou the sole authority of early Xiatin copies. There are, iu fact, very few cases where our new MS. does not lend its support to the shorter texts; and the total number of verses which it omits is not trifling. A few of these cases may be accidental, hut the hypo thesis of accident breaks down in view of the Targe number of cases that occur, and we are forced to admit that a suhstauti ally shorter text than the majority of extant documents has been brought to light.. "When we pass from omissions to the additions and peculiar readings, we find that the excellence of the text is con firmed by the almost entire absence of such passages as are generally held to be interpolations; there is nothing con tained in it like, for example, the story of the man working on the Sabbath in the Codex Bezre. It does not seem to have been amplified by the addition of whole passages from collateral documents, though we most not assume too hastily that such inflnence is wholly absent. For the main body of the text the reader -will be struck by the constant agreement of the MS. with the best uncial authorities, as well as by the occasional occurrence of readings which are either wholly new, or are only supported by scanty testimonies or by allusions in the writings of the Fathers. Probably the reading which will interest most people is the form of Pilate's question to the Jews in Matt, xxvii. 1GWhich will ye that I release unto you? Jesus Bar- Abba, or Jesus that is called Christ ? " a reading which was already known from a few MSS-, and which, in view of the admitted prevalence in Palestine of the name Jesus that is applied to the two prisoners, is not in itself impossible, and adds an antithetic force to the question, making Pilate say: "Which Jesus will you have? "Look on this picture and on that ? The anarchist i or the saint?" Another very curious reading will be found in John xi., where the command of Christ to take away the ' stone from the grave of Lazarus is fol lowed by a question on the part of Martha : " "Why are they taking away the atone ? " But the most original feature in our MS., and perhaps the most archaic of its peculiarities, is the suggestion'in its very first page of another version of the birth of Our "Lord, by readings which definitely and designedly assign to Joseph, the husband of Mary, the paternity of Jesus. "When the passages which contain this astonishing statement are translated into English we have the following story, with such parts italicised as demand especial critical scrutiny: Matt. i. 15-25. 15\. Eliud begat Eleazar : Eleazar begat Matthan : Matthan begat Jacob : . 16. Jacob begat Joseph: Joseph (to whom was espoused the "Virgin Mary) begat Jesus, who is called Christ: 17\. All these generations from Abra ham to David are fourteen generations: and from DavicLto the Babylonian exile fourteen generations : and from the Babylonian exile to the Christ fourteen generations. IS. Now the birth of the Christ was on this wise: "When "His mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, when they had not come together, she was found with child from the Holy Ghost. 19\. But Joseph her husband, because he was just, was unwilling to expose Mary; and he was minded that, he would quietly divorce her. 20\. But while he was meditating on these things there" appeared to him an angel of the lord in a vision and said to him, Joseph, son of David, fear not to take Mary thy wife, tor that which is [will be] born of her is from the Holy Spirit. 21\. She shall hear thee a son, and thou shalt [she shall] call "His name Jesus : for He shall save Hispeople from their sins. 22\. Now this which happened [was] that there might he fulfilled that which was spoken by the Lord in Isaiah the prophet, -who had said, 23\. Behold the "Virgin shall conceive and shall bear a son ana they shall call "His name Emanuel, which is by inter pretation, our God with us. 24\. Bnt when Joseph rose from his sleep he did as the angel commanded him, and took bis wife, and she 25\. Bare him a son, and he called "His name Jesus. 