JOTTINGS BY THE WAY. . (BrY FRACESCA). Hosrrzai Sunday of 1896 was fine as fine could be. There was not the ghost of an excuse for staying indoors, and there was not the ghost of the financial prosperity of the days when the idea was young and its details harely worked out, yet,.it was Eubstantial enough to make the collection very little less than it was last year. ,This, although times are most decidedly worse than they were. It is something to the credit of humanity, however, when they support one idea for so long. As a rule they tire of almost anything, except pleasure, that comes round as unvary. ingly as the years themselves. Though the springs of sympathy and benevolence. seldom dry up, it usually takes something in the way of novelty or variety to keep them in fell flow. Knowledge of all the means now de vised to extract the kindly coin for the benefit of the sick and sad is niecessarily limited, but as far as can be seen they are practically the same as those employed on the first Hospital Sunday held. Minns novelties. or extra attractions the day still retains its hold on the supporting power of humanity, as proof'that there must be much more genuinely good feelipg and sympathy for the suffering on the piart of the prosperous and hale, than Ovaes :witlallow. In, spite of all. t have have managed ti cotribute a very Wreditahle sum for the oenefit of the charities generally. Considering how much greater its purchasing power is now to what it was, the hooney realized on Hospital Sunday should compare favourbly with the returns of former years. More especially when it is remembered how much more self-denial has had to be exercised for those who have contributed the greatest amount are those who can contribute very little without feeling it or pinching them. selves. The more one reads of what Max O'Rell has to say of us, the more convinced must we be, that deep and dire offence must in some way, perhaps unwittingly, have been given. The gifted Frenchman was decidedly on the cross while here, or else those he was luckless enough to come into contact with had the knack of making him so. Which it was, none will apparently ever know. Max O'Rell keeps firing off his literary shots, which are letting fresh light in on every thought Australians had of themselves and country. Like most shots of the same description, they are fired off from a safe distance, and there is not much possibility of reply. But who gave the offence, and what was it all about? The ladies were evidently in it, for they have fared worse at the hands of the distinguished litterateur than any. And they should not have done so, for they had waited and longed for his appearance as the fair sex only can wait and long for what they much desire And Max O'Rell, well-he concedes they are fair, at least, some of them, but that is about all he will concede. They are ignorant, vain, mindless, and apparently to him, soul less. What can they have done to him? That is the question that will arise, and with every line the wonder deepens. Surely a man so gifted, so far above ordinary human kind, must have needed something more than ordinary to have to have put him out so. And surely no mere wounded amour-propre could have stirred such rancorous thouglht. The last few months may be regarded as somewhat notable ones for the advanced woman of Victoria. Although not quite as advanced as some of hersieters in older lands, she is still sufficiently so to be a respectable representative of the type. This, like all other types that come to stay, takes times to develop. The evolutionary period is pro hably a rather exasperating one to those who are, even to progressively mind d woman kind, a little too advanced. It would not do to call them forward as boxing and fencing are occasionally included among their accom plishments, but with advanced, few can find fault. Though sometimes exasperating, the evolutionary period is very necessary to all things and types that have permanence in view. The sisterhood who are heading the attack on masculine privileges and perqrisites should therefore soothe themselves with the thought that the evolution of any distinct species, though slow, is usually exceeding aure, and find the happiness they sigh for in the thought. that even when they are not, the result of their efforts still will be. With this in mind, the upto-date woman should find much in recent events to cheer her. It is always when things are at their worst that something happens to stimulate to fresh efforts. Woman's Suffrage matters were cer. tainly on the droop when the womankind of New Zealand put their shoulders to the wheel and got the Woman's Suffrage Bill through to the astonishment of the colonies in general and, I verily believe, of themselves in particun lar. Then Mrs. Yates distinguished herself by getting in as Mayor, though brief authority pioved fatal to much prestige won previously. Success seemed to turn the undoubtedly clever lady'shead a little, and some of her actions pro voked criticism that will most probably deter many fainter-hearted of the sex from aspiring to take honours. Itis doubtful whether many ladies in-Victoria will sigh for the Mayoral robes.: Most of those who have docupied the spositi6n ofMayorre8 have froundin fit(a more than sufficient outlet for their ambitions in that direction. In the graceful performance of the many duties-home, social and charit able-that devolve upon them, there is ample as well as more womanly scope for dis tinguishing themselves than there can be in occupation of the more masculine office. There have now been public exhibitions of ladies' by cycling, gymnastics feats,' prowess as directors, stage managers, as public whistlers. Ladies play cricket, row, shoot, play billiards, smoke, and do numberless things that have been regarded. as purely mascu line. Now, in a well-known illestrated weekly, they are represented in wart, it is to be assusred, is the future orthodox attire for feminine lovers of masculine sports, as having a kick for the premiership in the football field of Victorian politics. This, if it ever comes to pass must be in the far distant future, bht it is much to ha feaied that thre too progressive female may be movedto act on the suggestion thrariei conveyed, and con template tIre possibility of having feminine fboothallers as sell as ftmimine everytlringr Th re is no knowing wlrat she may attempt neat. Everything mn regard to woman sents on the move and on tire charrge. riThey wont he quirtasnid 00rne dpairing soul. and qurit a ems abont the last thing the urodern woman is likely t iob Women are riding like men, by cycling, playing and work ing like men, and who can tell what the next fancy is like to be I There is need for the working, for the dispro portion between the sexes is so great that if the women did not work and qualify themselves for work, there would be a propect of such general pauperism in the world that even the most optimistic must shrink back appalled from the thought. There are hundreds of women who have not a masculine relative in the world to look to for support, and if these were pinned down to nothing but what was strictly feminine in the way of employment, what a mesa the world would soon be in. There is not scope enough in so called feminine employments for one half the women in direst need of work, and if they had never struck out for and could get no other, the troubles of the times would have been a hundred times intensified: Woman is going further and further in her ambition for both work and play. Let us hope, however, that she will never go as for as playing football. 