■-PLAYS AMD PLAYER; Mr Henry Irving brought his brilliant ight weeks’ season at Abbey’s Theatre, New York, to a conclusion on Saturday, 30th of Beoember. The success of the present \- American tour exceeds that of all Mr Irving’s previous visits, and the average receipts per •week have been the largest received. A four weeks’ season at Boston was to follow, and subsequently Philadelphia, Washington, Toronto and Montreal were to be visited. A return to England will probably be made about the end of March. Miss Olga Nethersole has for the present relinquished the idea of obtaining the Avenue Theatre for the produotion of a new comedy entitled the Transgressor. The piece, how ever, would, it was expected, probably be staged at the Court Theatre about the end of Januaiy under the stage manacement of Mr Hugh Moss, who has been specially engaged by Miss Nethersole. As the lady* is under stood to have good financial support, her ■venture will be launched under the best aus pices. Miss Addie Conyers is playing the part of Robin Hood in the Manchester pantomime, and is spoken of as looking a model hero of romance and being able to give plenty of point to her lines and to the musical numbers ■allotted to her. Billie Barlow has scored a big suceesa in the pantomime at Birmingham, where she made her first appearance in the recent Christmas pantomime of Bed BidiDg Hood, playing the part of Boy Blue. At the Canterbury Music Hall, London, there is a “ talking horse,” by name Mahomet. The creature, a fine, beautifully developed dark brown horse just seven years ot age, and standing about fourteen hands, is alleged to be so sagacious that he can tell the present Greenwich mean time, how often & maiden likes to be kissed, and many other oddities. _ Mr Albert Chevalier, the famous coBter singer, has written a sketch entitled Pay the Piper, somewhat on the lines of the Pied Piper, save that after charming the children -away, the reward in the sketch, the hand of the Mayor's daughter is not denied him a second time, and the children are piped baok. One of the attractions of the mammoth show in London, called Olympia, is the per formance of a serpentine dance by Mdlle, Sandowa, in a cage with four lions. The curtain rises on a presumably, North African landscape; and slowly the boards of the stage disappear, and in their place rises a bnge cage with the lions inside. After the animals are put through a performance by their trainer, the lights are turned down, and the limelight is thrown on she cage, in which Mdlle. Sandowa goes uhiough the now familiar serpentine dance. TIm lions are said to be somewhat uneasy during the constant ehanging of light, and on •one occasion a lioness made a savage spring at the dancer, who for a moment was driven np against the bars. The trainer, however, ■quickly came to her aid, the lioness was driven baok to her place, and the dance re sumed. Among the latest London novelties is the B«by Barber, lately on exhibition at the •Koyal Aquarium. Miss Wick, who is making a name and fame for herself in the way of shaving, is desoribed as a child having light flaxen hair and innocent blue eyes, and being dressed in a pink frock, with white socks and neat blaok shoes. Her re cord performance appears to have been the shaving of five men m four minutes thirty eight seconds. Miss Ellen Terry, according to an Amenoan interviewer, prefers comedy to tragedy, but Mr Irving’s taste is the reverse, and, as he is manager, naturally, as a rule, has his own way in the selection of nieces. According to Miss Terry, “Americans think nothing too good for their wives, whilst English husbands do not.” Analysed closely, this remark would seem to leave the advantage with the Englishman, although such was not apparently Miss Terry’s inten tion when communicating her views to an American interviewer. Mr J. C. Williamson is to meet Mrs Brown Potter’s agent at Colombo, and if mutually satisfactory arrangements can be made, Mrs Potter and Mr Bellew will revisit Sydney and Melbourne during the autumn of the present year. Owing to the change of Viceroys at India, the social season there has been a particularly brilliant and protracted one, and the Potter Bellew Company are likely to prolong their season at the Corinthian Theatre, Calcutta. Madame Sterling’s prtdeliction for public spaaMng was pretty well evidenced during her visit here, but recently this lady, who has made her name and money by Binging in public, declared at the Boval Victoria Hall that she would far sooner speak than sing. Mrs Stewart, better known as Billie Barlow, intends making a world’s tour in 3.895, which will include Cape Town, Johan oesberg, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The return journey will be made via Japan. China and India. Since the close of the Sydney Lyceum pant< inline, Miss Nellie Stewart has been paying virit to the Bine Mountains. Mr.Hamilton Clarke, should he return t Viotoria, will hardly expect to he what me be called popular at Collingwood. In tb «ourse of his recent lecture, entitled “ Tvs Years Music in Australia, ho is ri ported to have said that the Victoria Orchestra were often called on to play { various shows, for instance at “ Colling woe a miniature and vastly inferior Whitechapel, and where, after a concert, the performers ht to wade across a sloppy cricket field to enjc the hospitality of the mayor who Bhout< ♦' drinks all round,” and with shirt sleev rolled up welcomed them with thespeeoh th f1 be was glad to see ’em, he was.” Although the lecture was smart and oanati Mr Clarke, nevertheless, paid a gennii tribute to the Liedert&fela; in Australia, ai stated that the Melbourne and Metropolis Idedertafels in Victoria were equal, if n superior, to the best societies of a «i™il nature in England. _ _On the 11 th December, Sydney, son i Lionel Brough, was married at Chri Church, Bloomsbury, London, to Lizzi daughter of William Shakespeare Webster. P.ar*nS bwt year the Sydney Liede: •tafel produced two cantatas, and but few ne •classical pieces. This has recently formedtl auhject of discussion among the member and uie imputation of pandering to, in pla of oheoking, thetaBtefor second-rate mns made against the selection committee. On Saturday, 6th January, Mr Hare w ■announced to re-open the Garrick Theatre wi anew play by Mr Sydney Grundy, entitl An Old Jew, in whioh Mr G. W. Ansonb 'a part. Particular secrecy has been observ is regard to this new piece, concerning whi very little has transpired, Mr' Hare, it a pears, having expressed a desire for the p: nervation of the closest secrecy, his compa having loyally observed his wishes, and her no particulars iu advance have been ma pubiio. Mr J. F. Sheridan made bis ap "with the Little Christopher Columt S*oy at the Lyric Theatre, London, or December last, on the occasion of representation of the piece and the pi •of a second edition. The authors hav "np the previously unimportant cha the Second Mrs Block for Mr Sherid is noticed as appearing at his best i CBentation of Irish widows. Mr ; a capital song In Colnmbus was s Man, and a most amusing duet, Tt Giggle, with Mr Lonnen. The Pollard Juvenile Company h playing Aladdin, La Mascotte, and i ■doliers at Hobart. The Waterloo Cyolorama at Ade xeoently added an attractive illusioi Napoleon's Ghost. As instancing the dearth of engagements Oven for aotorsand actresses of nniversally recognised merit, it may he mentioned that . Henrietta Watson, who is included in of Round the World, at the Lyceum ILneatre, ha3, since the Terry season • Melbourne, bad but one Bhort engagement ibe Brough and Bonoicault revival of Diplomacy. When an actress of Mies . Watson s popularity and standing has per force to remain idle so long, one scarcely ukes to speculate as to what has been the -fate of less promineut performers. ^ar?er> a comedian whose •apiUty has not received the general recog nition undoubtedly deserved, seems to be now ■coming to the fore. Recently he was ongaged to sing several coster songs at a • Government House party, and during the "past week he has been singing at the Con tinental Concerts at Adelaide. Mr Thornton, so it is reported, offered an engagement with his company to s Mel bourne amateur whose performance in the port of the Lord Chanoellor in on amateur produotion of Iolanthe he witnessed and '•zeoognised the merit of. As the gentleman in ; question, however, has attained to a good • position in the business in whioh he haa been some time engaged, it is nnlikely that Mr • Thornton’s offer, complimentary as it is, will -be accepted. 