V.—Flood 2jiaj*i»ki>—“ Cjjsab’s Ghost.” Two months have sped past, and wo again find the pilot Rchoouor Bungly moored in her favorite place of retreat. During this tJeriod she had been cruising about the islands with indifferent success. Somo email coasting craft had been overhauled and a plentiful supply of rum and othor liquors prooured, but no largo or valuable prize had ?»eeu come across. Plunder having becomo scarce, the pirates gave vent to deep growls of diecoutent. They attributed the failure of the cruiso to Flood's lack of entorprieo, and the want of Ca^ar's guiding bond and coun The'^ captain’s position waa getting most precarious and uncertain. He managed to keep the men quiet by liberal alio wanDea of rum. but there waa no knowing when they might break out in open mutiny. Discipline Waa a thing of the past, orders openly disregarded, and evon at sea a haphazard state of affairs had latterly prevailed, Piratea are not different from others; so long aa they obeyed orders and had an efficient oommaHder in whom they thoroughly believod, things robbed along pretty smoothly. This oheok once removed, however, and lice nso beoame rampant, making it only a question of timo for tho in evitable oollapce and reckoning. Flood determined this should bo hia last visit to tho bay in tho Mosquito. His energies were now centred on securing his ill-'gotteu wealth, and than leaving his ship and its crow to their fato. His own share of the plunder was safely ashoro, but . Cieaar’s—the most valuable portion of which h* had unceremoniously appropriated—was still aboard the schooner. It was now his cire to haro it also securely onsconood in tho recess of the olifi. That onoo accomplished, it was his intention to again put to sea, and either ruu tho Mosquito ashore near a settle pout or seize some other favorable chance of flitting his nefarious occupation. I Tho third night after tho Mosquito's re turn Flood proceeded to got tho troasuro hsbore. Once more ufter darkness Sad sot in he rowed ashore in the hittle skiff. This time ho had to content ^himself with taking the most valuable jeoius and jewels, the box being too 'weighty for one person to carry any dia itanco alone. A small bag was all ho could take with safety, and with this ho quickly sonledtho hcight.and-lowered himsolf on to tho shelf of rook. Here he found tho chest and its contents untouched, and hastily fading his prooious burthen to the heap, he gain retired. A few steps brought him to tho spot at •Which ho had loft the rope dangling from the summit. \ Ho at once preparod to a&oonil;, but, to his consternation, the rope had dis appeared ! Casting a hurried glance up tho clitf, he saw a man leaning over the edge, pulling it up hand over hand. A loud impre cation escaped Flood's lip3, a laugh of triumph and derision came in reply, the few remaining feet of rope were drawn up, and the man vanished. Flood at once concluded ho had been followed from tho ship by one of hia crow, lie was in a terrible fix. From his raoo ho know be would receive no mercy. Both bis troasuro and his life would bo sacrificed to their feelings of greed and revenge. Again, the horrible thought struck him that it might be tho intention of his follower to auy nothing to tho rest of the crew, but simply*leave him to die a lingering death on tho ledge. Either alternative was dreadful to contemplate, and throwing himself down on tho widest part of rhe shelf of rock, he nursed his folly for not taking better pre cautions to prorent his movements being [ known. Hero wo leave him. meantime, and return on board the Mosquito, where another strange •sceun was being mmo'ed. When Flood left the schooner ho believed rhe men were all asleep, or in such an in toxicated condition ns to be incapable of leaving the fore-cabin. On this particular night, however, when midnight arrived, in stead of bsiug all drunk us usual, aorno twenty of tho pirates found themselves still comparatively sober and tho liquor all gone. This was ft state of a Hairs they wore not accustomed to, fted calls at once arose for morn drink. The captain, they believed, would have retired to rest by that time, bnt nevertheless they resolved to rouge him up. More liquor was wanted, and more they would have. • After bo me talk, three of tho crew wore selected to proceed to the cabin and procure more rum and brandy. The three chosen were .Davis the boatswain, a burly Welsh man ; Harley, the carpenter, a lanky Scotchman ; »ud Schneider, a Dutch B3a man. Crawling up the hatchway the three worthies staggered aft to the cabin stairs. Hero they were ‘ surprised to see a light still burning, but bolaly descending the companion they pushed open tho door and entered the cabin. A lighted Inntorn swung from the ceiling, but Flood wai nowhere to be Beau. They ROurched everywhere, but, of course, the captain could not be found. In their muddled state, it took them some time to realise the truth ; but when they did so ' they at or.ee raised the alarm. All the other pirates who retained their senses and the mo of their legs immediately Hocked to the after* At first it was conjecture! 1 Flood muGt lave fallen overboard and met the same fate i\g Ciesar. Soon, however, tho boat was missed, and a cry arose that they hid beon abandoned. Everyone now rushed into Flood’s oabin. Chests and lookers wero broken opon and ransacked. __ A oWtifnl o,»r-pVof strong drink wa*"Obtained, and tho pirates to tho number of some twenty or thirty, m:ido free with all they fancied. Soma gathered round the table beneath tho lantern, some sprawled on the lookers, others on the Schneider, tho Dutchman, being tho soberest man in the company, noted as “master of the eeremories." Hr sat at tho end of tho tablo facing the cabin- door. Be fore him was a water-bucket, into which a dozen or two bottles of rum and brandy bad been indiscriminately emptied. This mix ture ho moagutod out freely in glasses, bowls, and pannikins to all who applied for it. i Needless to say, ho was i:ept well employed, nnd mora than once more bottles were added to the contents. Ono by one the pirates dropped on the floor dead drunk. Some, half drunk, fought and cursed. Knives were drawn and pistols fired amidst blasphemous shouts anti yells of fiendish laughter. Scon only about half a dozen of ibe wretches retained sufficient eene© to he able to ait round tho table. , Schneider roared and yelled fike a very domon,and was ably seconded in his efforts j by Hurley, Davis, and ono or two others. Some, iu a maudlin condition, shouted euntohea of buccaneering ditties of the gros sest description. “ Fill up again, boys,” cried Schneider, struggling to his feet, “ fill up to de brip. I vill qivs you a toast, and 1 vill shoot do man who does not drink it.” So saying, ho pulled out a pistol and laid it on the tablo in front Tho pirates round tha table at once eagerly passed in their glasses, all except one. This exception war Pedro, the black cook, who lay with his head on the table fast arieep. “Come, wako up, Pedro!*' roared the Dutchman. “ Wake up ! No skulking here, I toll yon ! "and ho seized tho negro by hm shojk of woolly hair and raised his bead. Tho black’s eyes turned up with n ghastly glare, but on Sohneider relaxing his grip his head at once sank down again. “ Vat I ’* screamed tho Dutchman, “ you vill not take your liquor, yon black tevil? By gar, but 1 will make you take it! If you vill n*t take it inside, den you shall have it With these words the drunken villain plunged hia pannikin into the bucket of liquor, filled it to the brim, and emptied the contents over tho negro’s head. Tho liquor ! saturated his curly hair, and ran in streams down his neck and face. The Dutchman's joke wna received with shrieks of laughter and wild applause. Pedro, however, was too far gone, and lay perfectly still in his drunken stupor. “Now," said Schneider, refilling his mug, 44 ve vill have our toast, boys. Here’s to tho Mosquito and her new oaptain, whoever he may be, and speedy death to Flood, the traitor* Up, boys, up ! and altogether. Hip, hip, hur-” the cheer died away on his lips, his faco blanched, and with staring eyes rivoted on the doorway, ho stammered out in a hoareo whisper— “Seel See! my Goit, C.csar’s ghoBt !M Tho pirates instinctively turned, and there, suro enough, haggard and v/an, but gazing sternly upon tho horrible scene, was tho figure of their late lieutenant. Davis, tha Welsh boatswain, eat next to Schneider, and was the first to regain his compoBUro. “Ghost or domon ! " he cried, 11 I’ll try him with a bullet!" and seizing hold of the Dutchman’s pistol, which still lay on tho table, ho lovolled it at the figure in tho door way. As he did bo the figure held up his hand as if about to speak, and at tho same time Schneider threw up the boatswain's arm. Crack went the pistol, but the aim was spoiled. Tho bullet crashed through the lantern which hung abovo the table. The cord was out and down ik rattled. When it struok the boats it buret opon, and out flew j the blazing wick. In an instant a lurid light illuminated the oabin ; a yell, bb if from the throats of a hundred demonB, rang through the room,-and Pedro, the negro, sprang to his Jfeot, his brandy-saturated head . ritio blaze ! Now took place a scene whio} description. From end to end of tie cabin the blaolc oarcored, overturning tabid and thodrnnken plrateB in hia dosicration. At last ho Mumbled ovor a fallen plunged head-foremost against the door, ana the noxt moment rolled blaring head right in amongst the flaw kogB of powder ! 0;u?ar (for it was the lieutenant still in the flesh) sprang up the cabin stairs and rushed to the side. Without a moment’s hesitation ho (lushed ovcrlohrd, and as ho did so a terrilla report rang in his ears; tho dock of the schooner burst asunder ; an immense volume of flamo ehot upj to tho sky, and the sea around was in an instant churned into foam by a shower of 'burning timber, shattered masts and broken! planks, mingled with which wero the oharrod and butteted fragments of the Mosquito’s lawless crew. Ciosar oaught bold of a plank and gazed around him, the only living soul on the faco of tho sea. At length ho reached the shore and crawled up on tho beach as tho first streaks of dawn gilded the oasteru 