REMINISCENCES OF OLD BENDIGO. No. VI I . By DANIEL MERRINGTON. Of our motely crowd of immigrants, some half hundred were of decent family and edu cation but utter ne'er-do-wells. Such tears as were shed over their home leaving welled less from parental affection than from the justify- able fear that the bad half- penny might come “ back agin.” Loo and bottled beer, during the passage out had left most of them penni- less on arrival. “Tom” and I were not dead broke but we had many friends among the seedy haIf hundred; even, in the paradise of cheapness which Adelaide then was our funds must come to an end. They came; we were stiff. Up to this date we had lived notoriously at the “Golden Fleece,” second best hotel in town, kept by Mrs. Burn (be her memory over green!) who fed us on the best and roomed us separately at a tariff of 13s per week. “I hod to raise it from 10s, gentlemen, these Victorian diggings have sent up the price of everything." Wines and liquors were below English prices; rum twopence per glass; “stringy-bark," fourpence per quart; spiders three-pence each. Our stepping stone to Australia's shore had revealed to us a country where living was exceptionally cheap, where the “curse of civilisation" could be procured at lowest rates and whose people were homely, kindly and hospitable to a degree whose attainment I have not since found. But we were “stumped": remittances were available in Melbourne for most of us, for warded by parents and guardians too wary to entrust us with their amount, on voyage. Postal exchange was then, a mockery and snare; immediate funds must be provided. We called a council of war, at which our motherly hostess, aware of and sympathising in our financial distress, assisted; we decided to take the theatre then owned by Lazar and in which Coppin had achieved colonial renown and Troy Knight strutted briefly some months previously. “There is plenty of money in the town, gentlemen for amusement; we have returned diggers lavishing their gains in Light Square and there has been no public amuse- ment afforded for months past. See Mr. Lazar who will only too gladly come to easy terms with you: I am sure your entertain ment will be a success.” “Tom” was a born actor of amateur success, we other four had been play goers in the “big smoke” and had at least sufficient audacity to toe the foot lights. Our first night was a triumphant suc cess —tempered by a crushing catastrophe. “Eugene Aram" followed by “The Unfinished Gentleman” were our selections interludcd by a “ John Parry” parlor-comic, entertainment in which “Smooge,” an ex-medical student of divinest tenor, with presence of Albert Smith’s “Gent’’ and manners of Dickens’ Bob Sawyer—cad of the caddiest—monologued. Tiser and Chronicle stood to us for “ads" and posters, affable aides-de-camp assured us Vice- regal patronage; Lazar was effusive— and extortionate with stage, wardrobe and attendance (£75 per cent of gross.) Wo opened to a house of £150, graced by Sir Henry Young and suite, crowded as to pit, stalls and boxes and sparsely galleried by their influx into vulgar regions. Our title hero (“Tom") was immense, our villian Houseman(barrister of beery proclivities) looked the part to perfection, which he could not act, and we others, the sticks, were audible and made entrance and exit with some remembrance of rehearsal drill. Our leading lady kept fairly sober our “ingenue” stumbled but little: more than once had applause been led from the vice regal box while, at fall of curtain, our com pany bowed to a tumultuous reception. Our afterpiece was performed to “bumpers” from the sport frailties from Light Square and stage- box holding, champagne—furnished by lucky retourne’s from Bendigo and Ballarat, who bouqueted us with vegetables and note enwrapped nuggets—the former preponderat ing. “Smooge,” in his interlude, had given us away by a “Coal-Hole” ditty, trilled in drunken unconsciousness, which had cleared vice regality and respectability in blushing haste and dismay. Our friends the “aides” tarried or returned, and our remaining audience shrieked for another song from the “little beggar.” Wonderful, hospitable, friendly, old Adelaide! Not then the “City of the Saints.” . Surely, these are not reminiscences of old Bendigo, and yet, more than one survives among us who witnessed or bore part in their being. But a few days passed, “Tom ” apropos of whose mateship with me I have thus digressed, trod the Princess’ boards with immortal juvenility, while Standish, curiously aware of my participation In their criminality, thence enrolled me in the Sand hurst Amateur Dramatic Band of which Marks and McPherson (blessed be thoir shades!) were Keeley and Buckstone, himself, Dampier and, later on, 'Warden Anderson, of disastrous history, multifariously versatile where are ye now ghosts of Momus whose antics once called forth applause from audiences crowded from footlights to corri- dors; through whose mimes hospital and asylum benefitted so largely in their inception and early maintenance? We, the present writer and Farjeon of “Griff” renown invoke your names. The concession, in 1854, of local public house licenses on the goldfields tended greatly towards the consolidation of our roving popu- lation. Temperence lecturers, and the late Dr. Macartney (who prefaced a fervent address with one bottle of gin and atoned for it with a second) choose to ignore the inesti- mable boon afforded by a well conducted hostelry. We did not. Such eating and lodging houses as had previously existed were well enough in their way for a meal or a “doss” in your own blankets. Few of them could pay their way or hold their customers without selling stimulants more powerful than Sugar beer—all were assumed to be grog shanties by the police and, consequently, held under continual surveillance. Liable to instant demolition on conviction of the occupant, they were run up of most fragile material, afford-, ing no privacy and giving no room for assem- blage. The Tonnyson-Smith or Byron-Jones of that date bringing their own tents and addressing open-air audiences would have sadly missed the pet object of their indignation. But they did not come till the “thieves and “murderers" had provided cosy bed-rooms and parlors and had built assembly-halls bearable to the unsilvered. Civilization, from its earliest days, long prior to the marriage feast at Cana in Galilee has prompted man to seek the company of his kind, to meet together and make merry. Prior to the institution of the “pub” this was almost on impossibility for us. A yarn with the windlass men of neighboring claims, a brief pitch at a camp-fire not too far from home, and chance meetings at store or post-office pretty well exhausted our means of social intercourse. With the perversity which has clung to mankind since old Noah started his vineyard, we yearned occasionally to look upon the wine when it was red—to crush the evaluated grape for our stomach’s sake, as had done most of the good, wise and brave men of history, sacred and profane, till the days of Mahomet. Not if our rulers knew it. “Ye shall not come together by more than two or three in tent or humpy without interruption, of the police; ye shall drink no liquor save of vile compounding and surreptitious obtain- ment,” had been their ukase. Now, at last, we were free of liquid as of solid ailment to purchase at our will. I do not think we abused tho privilege. As, on divine authority, we are assured that the poor are over among so, experience has shown, are the beer eaters; those simply changed their venue from the grog-shanty to the licensed hotel, probably drank more and certainly lived longer. I think the Albion now held by Mr. Crowley first opened; Hemingway’s “Royal” soon fol lowed, numbering our little crowd among the devotees who by closing time had libated £600 upon that Bacchanalian shrine. The sight was curious and interesting; without the bar, and starting from the kerbstone. an eager, pushing and good-tempered crush, thirsty or satisfied; within its precincts a serried line of perspir ing servitors striving to distinguish and execute the orders vociferated. Happy the man, behind the second rank, who got what he called for; thrice blest the note tenderer who received his correct change ! (I didn’t it belonged to another man,) No mistakes, either way, rectified ; stolid apathy from the barman, a dig in the ribs and ‘Come, move on, you've had your drink” from the rear. British beer in various forms was what most called for—what they got was quite another matter. The tariff was 2s, There was much fun and little intoxication on this occasion, nor do I remember many big shouts. Men pushed in in small knots, drank, and came out again, perhaps repeating the process more than once and taking bottles home with them. Had the sale been illicit and the liquor “faked” to poison point, they would have drank and spent tenfold, “suffering recovery” in consequence to an extent which only one who has been “hocussed” can realise. It is not to town hotels such as this, how ever, that I specially refer in noting the influence exerted by the institution of licensed houses upon a population hitherto nomad and practically homeless Bendigo proper, already christened Sandhurst. by military officials mindful of collegiate days: was comparatively a settled nucleus of trade and distribution, where each, artisan or purveyor had his fixed location. The budding city was convenienced by its hotels—the outlying districts were con- - solidated by those established in their midst, I cannot select in illustration "of this Advance- meant a fitter example than the Glasgow Arms, at Kangaroo Flat; In earlier numbers I have mentioned its founder and licensee, the late Mr. William Gunn as the “father of the hamlet” a title which, unclaimed by himself, is freely accorded by present residents of the neat little suburb who , like myself, were among those who first pitched tents by the clear pools, stately gums and grassy slopes of Upper Bendigo Creek. The old house still stands, a wonderful monument of substan- tiality as compared with most edifices of 1854. It would now perhaps appear to the stranger, as of humble pretensions, at that date it was imposing as the “criminally lavish” bete noir of Purvis, Q C. Accompanied by Mrs. Gunn who, mellowed by the suns of forty two summers, is at present residing in the old house, “Willie" camped near the present site, in late ’52, and opened a restaurant and boarding house of which a memorable feature was the delectable hop beer brewed by the winsome gude-wife, a nectar far above the “summer drinks” in these degenerate days and most acceptable to us, thirsty diggers returning from work or on laze. From the first the couple gained upon us all, even the roughest, while the respect paid to the young wife was almost devotional: Her kindly presence when women of respecta- bility and with whom we might converse were very rare made each man her champion. The old hands mustered strong on the Flat, just then among them the gang which some months later stuck up the McIvor escort; they were constant and excellent customers, outside, their slang was filth and blasphemy: in her presence no foul word, no oath was uttered They might rob the house—in fact they did—but the lag who had insulted “the missis” would have been kicked into rags by his pals. There was a homeliness about the couple and their abode which made us, tired of a distant rush, talk about going back to the flat to see how Gunn and the wife were getting on. When young Willie (said to be the first born male Bendigonian) made his appearance, “Baby” formed another attraction and inspired the “Digger’s Advocate” with the mild jocosity that he was a “Son of a Gunn.” Those good people deserved all we could under of admiration and affection. Were we hard up for the time he was ever ready with help and counsel; were we sick, she confectioned little dainties or simple remedies and found time for a brief visit, a cheerful word and a rapid tidying up of couch and tent. And the “we" I have used included in its catholicity all creeds, classes and nation alities ; “lag” and chinkie, Christian, pagan and heathen were all within its scope. The young Scotchman prospered , exceedingly adding storekeeping and baking to his previous occupation; it needed but the hotel licence to render his promises an emporium of diggers’ necessaries—saving meat, alone. In the benightened days of ’54 when Sandhurst fought the dark hours with oil and candle, except at Irons’ “Black Swan,” the Glasgow Arms boasted an instillation of gas manufac tured firstly from gum leaves and afterwards from tallow. Lacking early advances of education and keenly sensitive of his shortcomings in this respect, Mr. Gunn avoided prominence in public matters (I write of the fifties’ decade) but his purse, and private influence were used unspairingly in all matters involving the progress and prosperity of the district. The anti-licence , movement, enfranchisement of the mining population and all matters affecting the diggers’ well being were liberally assisted by his personal funds. When Dr. Owens election was a certainty, seemingly marred by the impossibility of providing the then necessary qualification (£2000) this staunch friend and supporter of the worthy Dr. on the eve of the last day and when others had thrown up the sponge called the committee together, roused them into fresh action, and heading the subscription list with a weighty cheek achieved the required amount. Riding that same night to tho White Hills, where the tented candidate was then practising, he wakened the aspiring with the glad tidings that he was free to take his seat; I have specified James Jamieson as one of the foremost builders up of Bendigo: his was indeed the brain to plan but for the execution of those plans the sinews of war were the too freely loosed and never recouped pursestrings of the too confiding Willie Gunn. Dr. and Mrs. O’Donnell, old acquaintances of Gunns, had soon followed them and camped alongside, the perilous experiment of bringing a wife to the diggings, thus braved successfully by two, was repeated by the Furman brothers, Ferguson, Smith, Luxton, Jamieson, Clarke and others till bonnets in the main street and feminine mysteries on a clothes line ceased to excite interest or dismay to an undue extent. This swooping down of the sex was not bliss unalloyed to all hands. “A feller can’t go to the store, now, without patchin’ his trousers or sowing buttons” was an ungracious comment not unheard. But it did us good this necessity to remember little decencies of civilisation which our celebratic savagery had made many of us neglect. Are men worse than women in this respect? When in Adelaide, a solitary and bashful male I kept the middle of tho street, I noticed right and left of me, no apron strings untied, no lower hooks agape, nor was I ever insulted—“to any great extent.” (TO BE CONTINUED,) 