THE OTHER WORLD. Things Supepnatnral. Eemarkable Manifestations. Peculiar Incidents of Spiritual Visl- tatlons—A Useful Ghost. . Now that psychical matters form the sub ject of much discussion in Sydney it is interesting to read of some remarkable cases which have bean placed on record. Somo time ago there was publishod in the Arena well. authenticated eases illustrating the mysterious powers of psyohometrists, olairvoyaDts, mediums, and other gifted persons. Most, of the anccdotas are taken from soanceB with Mrs, Piper. When the writer in the Arena first saw her she imme diately described the spirit of his father, and said that his father told her that they called the writer (Mr. Savage) " Judson," which was a habit his father had during his son's youth, which ho, however, discon tinued 15 yoars before his death. She also Baid thai he had a. peculiar bare spot on bis head on the right-hand side. The bald spot was the result of- a burn which had occurred before Minot Savage was horn. He gives several, other casos like that. Mr. Savage then -tells a somewhat extraordinary story of a; little girl of 12, the spirit of whose grandfather, watched over her, sov- ing her front- all fear of-bcing in the dark. -On another occasion she saw and tiaiDUtely deacfibed-to herfnther.a young lady ..whom he had- boen/|.ini,lpvo:witu...boforo -he foil in love with her nipthni', , and gave information which was certaiuly not known to hor. /' A USEFUL GHOST. ... ' " Mr. Savago brings his paper to a close by telling an interesting story of the ' way in- which a 'clergyman' in one of" tho New England Slates suddenly experienced a' very strange and powerful; norvous shook, as if an electric curreut had been applied to the base of his brain and passed down his . whole body to his feet. .-Immediately he saw the face and form of a . gentleman who was a stranger to him, but', who; boro some sort of a resemblance; to his frieud Who sat near.. He also saw his name and then ha heard, although not by his ears, the following message:— : "Toll my brothor that a piece of property which I ones owned, aitd which liy death foil -to my heirs, and is- now owned by niy brother, is in dangor of; being lost to him. Ha must look after.it.at once, or it will pass oat of his hands." Mr. B. at ones replied,- however : " It is not possible that this ean bo true. I havo all- my tax bills on tho various properties which I own in Nebraska. - It is a mis- tako." .' .: ' - . ' ' A few- days later.. Mr. L;, the psychic, sailed for a vacation trip to Europe. He was absent several-months. On his return hei met Mr. B. one day, and he said :" Oh,: about that : matter in Ne braska. I looked ovor itiy papers 'soon after jou wont away, and found that one of my tax bills on a certain piece of property was missing.- 1 fell sure that I had received ir. Bat X found that;. I had been mis taken. . I - at once wrote, to my agent (in Nebraska), and requested him to sond tho tax bill to me. Tile agent wrote that, through his own oversight, tho lossao had been allowed to pay -the tax on the properly, and had taken as security what is called a , tux lien. ' The "payment of these taxes, and. the taking of such lieus for a certain length of time will, in the end; en title the lessee to a warrantee deed- of the property." ' Mr. Savage oqncludes- by saying:— The story is authenticated in siich a way as would make it good evidence iu tho hands of any judge, or bef ore any 'jury in Christen dom.. . can giiosts be photografhed ! ' Professor Elliot Coues in t he CALifornian wrote a copiously illustrated papor in which ho discussed the .question. " Qan Ghosts be, Phoiograghed?" . He docs n.ot answer the question either way. 'What he does bring out is- the ease with- which fictitious ghostly photographs can he produced. Tho literature of- ghost photography is very voluminous ; but up to the present no con clusive result has been arrived at. No one magazine article can" more than touoh ; upon a tithe of . what has - been written. , But it: is all pretty much alikR — a mass of- miuuio descriptions -of BceneB,- incidents, processes, results, precautions against tricitery, affidavits of' witnesses, and pcrlcct reliance on ' the genuineness of tho phenouiona on the one hand ; of the proof . of imposture in ' many eases, and the picking to pieces of .all the evi dence-in tne rest of the coses on the other hand ; of declarations -and - denials, of claims and counterclaims, of explanations that explain nothing, and 'of theories that count for nothing; . By ihb time one has waded throngh it all, as' I have, he may seem to himself to have chased an ignis fotuuo in the night of his.'ownVignoranoe, and perhaps conclude, not that a phantom can be photographed, but that spirit photo graphy is itself a phiintom-oi the mind. A JAMAICA. GHOST, STORY." Another magozine contained an article on " Second Sight," which tells the eto'ry of an apparition at the : moment' of death. The writer, when eight or >nine yearB of age,- about a quarter to 2 in the afternoon, was playing with bis brother when—. . Suddenly lifting my -heud J saw approach ing ns from the west along tho private path an- old man, whoeo countenance, naturally florid, was now evidently paler than was its wont. Ho wore white whiskers and beard, the latter shorn away from the chin, bnc leaving a deep fringe undor the thiout, and hiB face was otherwiBO clean shavon. He was dressed in white duck trousers, and a shirt made from calico, printed with alternate plain and figured Btripcs once of a violet hue, but now pale from washing ; both articles ol dress evidently just put on. Tho absence of other garments wub not an uncommon circumstance in a - seaside village, such as ours was, but I oannot now distinolly remember whether he woro boots, or a hat, or both. He was a perfect stranger to tr.e, and walked leisurely by, with nothing unnatural about him, ' except that his gaze was fixed intently before, and that he took no notice whatever of me or my companions though ho was only a few yards away. His playmate saw nothing, and when ho told his fathor, ho said, "I am sure that Mc. W. must bo dead," mentioning tho name of an elderly gentleman some 10 miies away. Some time afterwards a horse galloped up, and the rider Baid that old Mr. W. had died that afternoon. Two weokB afterwards tho son of tho deceased called upon his father, and tho boy was called in to tell what he had seen . "It is most singular," said the visitor when my story was ended, " but every detail is porfect. On that morning my fathor appeared so much bettor that some of the family believed tho chango to be - permanent ; I thought differently, and when he' asked to bo shaved and dressed in order to get op I pat him off till 1 o'clock ; 'but as he persisted I at last yielded. After I had shaved him exaotly as the child describes he had his whole wardrobe produced before he could be satisfied, and at last lie selected and desired us to dross him in a white duck trousers and a colored shirt, printed with alternate plain and figured stripes, violet-colored, but some what faded from washing. When these had been put on ho sat up for a while, and then said ' I am very tired) let mo 'lie down.' We adjusted the pillows and laid him down, and within five minutes after ho breathed his last." "And the hour," asked my father, " what wae the exact time of death "Seventeen minutes to 2 ' o'clock," was the reply. v " A diffcrouco of two minutes," my father remarked. In a Catholic periodical an article on " Spiritualism and Its Consequences " sum marises tho conclusions at which tho writer has arrived from the study of the phenomena of spiritualism, with which ho connects magnetism, somnambulism and clairvoy ance, which are all confounded togctbor by the Sacred Collego of tho Inquisition. thus saith tue church. Spiritualism, by which wo moan the prac tice oi invoking and holding eonverso with tho spirits of the dead by writing and speak ing, or any other means whatever, is unlaw ful and abominable in tho sight of God, and this for tho following reasons:— 1\. The spirits who appear to those on earth when invoked by them are not what they profesB to be, nor the spirits of doparted friends, but the ministers of Satan who assume the character and even the appearance of the deceased, and manifest secrete known only to them, io ordir to deceive tho living and bring them into their power. All commerce with them is there fore a direct doaling with Satan and the devils who servo him. 2\. Tho truo character of these spirits is shown by the doctrino taught by them. It is in direct opposition to Holy Scripture and -the teaching of tho Catholic Church. It is subversive of all faith. . It is more especially directed against tho eternity of punishment and the Incarnation of tlie Son of Uod. . 3. The invariabio consequence of inter course, with the spirits is a gradual and insensible) loss of faith, and a disrelish and dislike for all intercourse with God, whether by.prayer, Holy Communion or. any other of thd sacraments of the church. In somo cases gross sins'agaiust purity also follow oa the .practice of; spiritualism. 4\. Spiritualism is a gravo sin against tho natural law graven' on the hearts of ali men. its provalenee isi invariably accompanied by d low morality and an'ovorweening pride. 5\. .Spiritualism : is. also strictly' forbidden by - Holy- Sbriptiird and -"by-' the- Catholic Church , under . pain; of .'mortal sin. It is direct and formal insult to Almighty God. Mr. W; T.tStead, in -the Westminster Gazette, gives somo curious details and statistics from tho report of Professor Sidg- wick's committee on- the census of hal. luomatious, which has occupied the timo and - attention of the . Psychical Research Society, for the last six -years. Tho pre sent census rotates to somo 17,600 poi sons, each of whom had' beon separately interrogated.. Tho question which was put to cach of them was as follows " Havo you ever, when believing yourself to bo -completely awake, had a vivid impression o'f 'seeing or v,be:ng touched by a living being: or inanimate object, or. of hearing u voicoj which impression, so far as; you could . describe', was not duo to any ex ternal physical causo ?" Two hundred and twenty-three women and 1S7 men under took to, make the inquiry, and the census is the result of their questioning all thoir iriends ' and acquaintances, and of others with whom they could cotno into contact. About nine-tenths of these' collectors; were educated people, intelligent end zealous ; their work was prolonged, and it involved a . good . deal of . .correspondence, as well as persistent jjuestioning of 'their informants. The majority of the i7, 000 persons thus put to tho question also belong to tho educated class, but the proportion ie not so large owing to tho fact that in many oases domestic servants, who were in the house holds of the collectors, were added to tho list. The result of tho inquiry tends to show that differences of education and occu pation lead to no material difference iu the , tendency to halinctuatibn. The inquiry, which began in April, 18S9, and ended in ; May, 1892, lias resulted, broadly speaking, in tho following conclusions s—Ot 17,000 persons who wero asked the census ques tion above quoted, .2272 answered " Yes." After an. examination, with a view to the elimination of all affirmative answers that did not coins within tho precise scope of the question, tho census committee havo arrived at the conclusion that the total number of persons who have had experi ence of such hallucinations amounts to 16S4 out 'of 17,000. . .That. is. to- say,- broadly 'speaking, ono persou. in every ton has either heard a voico or seon an apparition, or been touched by something invisible. So far, therefore, as tho oensua goes, it seems to suggest that mankind may be divided into two unequal fractions, ono-teuih consisting of those who havo lmd personal experience of the supernatural, so-called, the othor nine touths boing those without ex perience. The proportion might be raiacd considerably if the hallucinations were not restricted to thoeo three heads. If other hallucinations were permitted tho proportion would, be nearer one in eight. Tha. immense majority' of those who have experienced hallucinations havo experienced them through, the eye'.. Of the total 1120 were visual, 3S8 auditory, and only 144 tactile. Tno majority of these hallucinations occurred in ' connection with living persons. Of theso realistic human phautasms 520 wore unrecognised, 530 wero those of the living, and 232 of the dead. There were only 16 angeU and religious phantasms, 33 grotesque and horrible apparitions, and in 27 - cases tho spootral form was that of an animal. Of the usual apparitions 460, J or nearly one- half, were seen, within the last 10 years, 423, were seen when the observer was awake in bad or immediately after waking, in 438 cases the recipient was up and in-doors and 201 were out of doors. Confining ourselves strictly to the number of porsonB who remember what they have soen we have ono person in every ten who has had such experience. If we take the popnlation of thiB planet at 1,000,000,000, and if wo con fine ourselves to those who see, and omit those who hear- and tool, wo have between 6 and 7 per cent, who have seen apparitions pi one kind and another, and about 1 per cent, who have soen and recognised real istic human apparitions of dead porsons. Twice that number saw unrecognised ghosts, and more than twice that number saw apparitions of the double. If we may take the census figures as a fair sample of tho human race at large, wo may conclude that of the thousand million persons now living on this planet, there would be, if they all lived to maturity, at least ten millions who wiil sco and recognise in tho ' courso of thoir lives realistic human ap paritions of dead persons— that is to say, ghosts in tho strictly technical sense of the word. 