That Other Polo Mdatch. Lnenuv-oen v. TEA ANn MsnFrn TEAM. [Br "TinE OWL" IN "F~LkoscSo." "The day was somewhut cloudy, though the atmosphere was mild, When those famous polo teams once more, engaged in combat wild; And the Limestones in the betting, certain favourites were made, And the spirit of their friends weoo up to ninety in the shade; • room the start unto the finish it was a famous fray, And it looked as though the visitors were going to win the day: ,But the Muffin men kept at it-how like demons they did ride, SAnrd they kept the ball a rolling-and they seldom played oLf aide; And the watohful Limestone captain 0n the sturdy oheotnut sob, W'as never caught a napping, he was always on the job- Likewise the Muffin welter, who played in famous style, * And always seemed about to laugh, or just abont to smile ; AoBd he sat downon the piebald, and he drove along the gray, * And only onee he missed the ball, which is a lot to say3; ,And he looked so fascinating in his brand new sash and tie: ,And nothing was more open than that welter's weather eye. .And H -g on the ekewhald mare-she looked lust like a goat- 'Throughoat the game kept on the ball, and many a smitwbe emote- He divided-with the captain of the Tea and Muffin eracks- 'The honouus of the dashing play--he was up to al the knacks- And R-h at times was brilliant, thoogh he had the worst of mounts; .Tor neither seemed quite up to dick and every little eonnit; 'The gMyob lookedsoslee py, and he seemed to have no heart, aLnd looked a kind ao' lonely by the absence of aart- A?ed one man played who in the saddle showed that he'd some skill rode a ringing pony and his name was *FP-k Me-ll- ~And the youngster of the Limestones who lost his stirrups both, Tried at intervals to get them--for he seemed *T a little lath Tepart entirely with their aid-t'was some 'thing of a loeo- Though of the aitnation he nundoubtedly was hose, And thefourth man of the Muffin team (I quite forget his name), Butit almost rhvmea with "barrack," why, he played a ripping game. •They played on-the sooe kept even-neither side got mash ahead, Asid the ground was eat up badly, and was heavy quite as lead; And lumps of mud went flying 'fore the wild excited licks, mtom the Tea nnd Muffin players and the Limestene Nativee' stihks; They collided, and oefsided, and they hustled and they tore; And they elouted and they shouted, and some people said they swore; Bat of that 'm nnot quite certain--so to write at itnt fair, ' . did not beer a naughty word--they seemed * so very rare; And the sores kept---till so even-they were to the duel bhut: "When suddenly the Ipswish people raised an awful shout; 'For young H- 5ownd another goal, 'twas thought he'd won the game; And added oue more viutory to the Limestone players' fame; But their hopes were disappointed, they'd not * reonsked with their host, SFor the Muffis player had by nop means given np the ghost. Three minutes oely there remained before the oail of time; e Te save my life-the Muffins' thoughts-I souldn't pat in rhyme- Grnat ootl i the Muffin welter said--he took a drik o' tea Three minutes ony startled him-- he vaulted on his gee. And the Tee and Muffin captain, with expres sion full of can, Called the Muffin team together and he asked them then and there, To play as ne'er before they'd done--their score was three 'geiost four And help him make that Polo mutch a victory aradraw- S9"e otl11," the rampant Muffins said--" we'll Aplede our sals right here"--. And solemnly they pledged in tes --beoause there was nonbeer . Just then the umpin threw the hall, and put it into play, And B--h got fairly on to it, and sent it right away, Towarde the Limestone goal poests, and, amidst ersltement high, The Muffin captain swooped and scored, and made that game a tie. 