AN AUSTRALIAN WOMAN IN AMEEICA. (By Miss C. H. S pence.) THE NATIONAL CONVENTION OP WOMEN. Philadelphia, March 3.— I am again in this conservative protectionist city of manufacturing industry on my way from Washington, tho beautiful capital of those great United States. The immediate cause which took me to Washington was the meeting of the National Convention of Woman Suffragists, which has been held there for many years. Next year it will be held in Atlanta, Georgia. Some idea seems to have been prevalent that these annual meet ings might impress the Legislature that the eloquence of the women might prove to Senate and Representatives that they wero fit for all the functions of citizens, and that the strength of the movement might force their claim on both parties. But when tho suffragists had a hearing of their petition in tho beautiful marble chamber of tho Senate, I thought that tho marble walls wero just as impressible at the party leaders. Neither party sees any advantage to be gained for itself, or any dis couragement for its opponent, by the doubling the number of voters. Th more the women dwell on the moral side of public questions, the more they assert what is true — that the average woman in America is generally more educated than tho average man, and that she has more leisure for political study, the more disinclined are tlioso bosses und ticket preparers who con trol elections of representatives and nomina tion and choice of officials to desiro their in terference. I heard somo splendid speaking from women from all parts of the States, east and west and north and south, i myself had an opportunity given me by Miss Susan R Anthony (the president and tho veteran worker for woman's equal rights) to advocate and exemplify the plain, single, transferable vote on the afternoon of Saturday, the 17th, and I think some good converts were made. The triumph in New Zealand, which is poetically spoken of as one of the isles of the sea, and in the State of Colorado nearer hoinc, both gaining full political suffrage, was tho cheerful side of the cause. The declaring unconstitutional tho municipal suffrage in Michigan and the poor vote for school commissioners in New York State, after these had been fought for so long and so hardly, was the reverse side. The suf fragists mean to raise S10.0C0 for the Kansas campaign, which I think they may win, for Kansas has had municipal suffrage for seven years, and public feeling is educated in favor of full oivie rights. One hundred thousand dollars, or 10 times us much is wanted for the campaign in Now York State, in order that tho obnoxious word "male" should bo stricken out of tlie Constitution. Once in 20 years tho States can reviso tlicir parchment constitution, and this is the golden oppor tunity for the Empire State, with its six millions of inhabitants. May is the month to decide, and every effort is to be made before that time. I do not expect that the suff ragists will succeed there. Tho propor tional representation advocates aro also to put pressure for their claims on this con stitutional convention, but I hear with great regret that the majority of tho comm ittu recoinmond the cumulative vote rather than tho single preferential, or the Swiss free list. Of all devices for securing repre sentation to minorities, the cumulative vote is the clumsiest aud most inadequate. It is less simple for the voter, besides. But because in Illinois tho cumulative vote for three-member districts is in operation, tlie American mind prefers it. Tho politician prefers it because it really makes no difference in tlie representation of Illinois. It gauges more accurately the relative posi tion of republicans and democrats, but it allows no reform element to enter. Sir John Lubbock says that majority representation is hard upon good men of both Conserva tive and Liberal parties, but it is hardest ou the Liberals, because there are several ways of advancing and only ono way of standing stiff. .When parties aro strongly organised, as Mte two contcndiuits are ill tlie United States, they are just as exclusive to all new ideas in Illinois with the cumulative vote as in other States wilh the plurality triumph. THE KEW IDEAS IN THE AIR. America is honeycombed with now ideas as to land, us to railroads and telegraphs, as to labor rights and wrongs, but these new | ideas are separated and extinguished in de- j tail in almost every electorate of this vast I country. Now the hopes of reformers are j that through the ballot revolution may he ; averted, and gradual ovolulion will bring about better conditions for all. But these ; ideas are only circulated in :-trtiggling reform : journals, read by tho already convinced, i Tlie people at the1 polls still love to vote the j party tlckot. The out-of-works, who aro Suffering now, mostly think tho depression is duo to the Democratic victory last Novem ber and vote Republican, and hate the idea of tho Wilson tariff', nnd far more any sug gestion of real frcotrade. The farmers arc more inclined to favor tho democratic party, because the rcpublicanB are associated in tiieir views with the people who run the railroads and the banks, and hold tho mortgages on millions of farms Tho return for 1880 was nine millions of mortgages ; tlioso for 1890 are not published, but they are probably larger, aud in the meantime millions of freeholders have become tenants paying rent. Tlie new thought of America should ariso in its strength and form a party more logi. cal, and not less patriotic, than the populists' I have more hopes from the West than from the East. The States there have not such rigid constitutions — tho cities are not cor rupt. The State universities there aro a true link in tlie chain of education — rising from tho primary to tho grammar school, on through the high school to the university ; all free to the citizens, as the people tax themselves for this end. All reform parties put woman suffrage on their platforms, but there is only a sninl part of tho women who demand tho suffrage who care for reform. I have found this out not only in conversation, but through the ballots offered to women's meetings, of Otvhicli I have had a dozen or more. Tho only reform movements popular with them are prohibition and woman's suffrage, and the bulk of the vote goes to tlie Republicans and a smaller number to the Democrats. At first the woman vote in Australia will bo conservative and reactionary politically ; but character will tell for a great deal with them. Gradually with tho exercise of the responsibility will come wider views. The sooner the experiment is tried the better. Thoro is no moro beautiful building than tlie Capitol of Washington for any legislature in tho world. THE SENATE AND THE TARIFE. I listened to a hot debate in the Senate on tbo tariff. If there was any applause, or even the ghost of a laugh, it was instantly suppressed by President Morton, who is Vice-president of the United States. It was a thin house ; members were writing letters and clapping their hands for one of the pages in attendance to go messages for them. Mem bers do not wear their hats as in the English Houses, but neither senators nor representa tives looked so imposing as they do at West minster. Still this Senate is the strongest Upper House in the world, and all reform parties com plain of its being obstructive. The telegraph will have told you tho result of the tariff debate long ere this. It is feared that Mr. Wilson's bill will be so altered that tho House will not accept of it, and that may delay free wool for a long timo. WHITE AND COLORED SCHOOLS. In Washington I visited some colored schools. The race prejudice is so strong hero, as all over the Bouth, that the slightest trace of African blood prevents a child from being admitted into any school for white children, and this is ono cause why in tho country districts in the south tiiore are often no schools at all, aud both black and white children grow up iu illiteracy. If in our country districts we had to build and staff two schools instead of one, wo should find it hard ou our general revenue. The general revenue here doc3 nothing for education. Local taxation, with somo help from the State, must do it all. In tho district of Columbia, the small plot of land ou which Washington is built, the number of whito pupils enrolled iu tlie public schools is 25,362, and of colored 14,502. There are 18,723 malo and 21,041 females. Iu all the schools, and especially in tho colored, tho girls remain longer, and far more go up into tho high schools than the boys. In the schools which I visited, the children were of all shades, from the deepest black to absolutely fair, with flaxen or tawny hair. I never heard sueh good singing in any school or such pleasing reading. Tho African is exceptionally gifted as to voice. I watched tho teaching and the answers. I asked somo questions myself, and obtained intelligent replies. Age forage these children compared well with other American or Aus. truliau classes, and the great majority of them como from very poor homes, and tho parents make groat sacrifices to keep them iu school. The attendance is more punctual and more regular than at the white schools. The lady whose guest I was iu Washington lias tlie strongest faith in the capacity of Ihe African lace, and has devoted time, effort, and money to their uid. She has built and endowed a school for 60 colored children in South Virginia, and this stimulated the white folks naur it to build ono too, with aid from appropriations. THE SOCIAL TABOO. Tlie social taboo, which from Washington south ward ostracises all the colored race, is felt keenly by those who are educated. When the liberated slaves flocked into Washington towards the end of the/war it was thought so great a political danger that all the people in tlie District of Columbia were disfranchised. In other states tlie negro is cheated out of his vote, so as to make the south solidly democratic. The negro lias tho right to vote, but there aro half a dozen ways of preventing him from exercising it, and illiteracy makes him an easy dupe to astuteness. The south justilies this procedure by the fears of negro domination. Proportional representation to effective voting would minimise the danger of tlie ignorant negro.voto in the south and of the ignorant alien vote in tho east and north, and it would be educative, as the present system of " war by election," as Albert Stickuey calls it, is not, and never can be. THE BOARDING-OUT SYSTEM. In Washington a beginning was made last July of boarding-out what are called here dependent children, and 150 white and colored children have been put into homes adoptive, and subsidised under the caro of tho Board of Children's Guardians. But a new head of department has been put iu office — a politician opposed to this method — and all tlie subsidised orphanages, schools, and foundling hospitals are protesting loudly against it, so the board is having a fight. I was interviewed by members of this board and by the press. I hope tliey may obtain tlie corroborative evidence of Miss Windeyer of your city, who stayed in Washington longer than I did. Tho distinction with us is that Protestants must ho put into Pro testant homes aud Catholics into Catholic homes. Then there is another distinction still more imperative between colored liiidrcn and tlioso quite white. I went yesterday to the Children's Aid Society of Philadelphia, which cares for 468 children, dispersed in homes in Penn sylvania. Muny of those are really adopted. Those who are paid for cost seven dollars montfily or seven shillings a week, and the society provides all their clothes. The State pays only S7S60, or £1300, to tlie society, all other expenses in administration and management arc raised by private sub. scription lo tlie amount of $18,000, or £3600. It is evident that a great niRiiy aro not paid for, as this is only $53, or between £10 and £11 for each. Americans wonder liow we find foster mothers willing to take children for 5s a week. I wonder how they find so many to take them for nothing. But wo must bear in mind that if they had to place out all their dependent children, instead of les3 than the tenth part of thorn, they might Cud frco homes hard to secure. New York State has 28,000 children subsistcnt, besides the delinquent children in reform schools. UNDETERMINATE SENTENCES. I travelled three hours by railroad with Charles Dudley Warner, an American writer with a fine vein of humor, as well as other good literary qualities. He is deeply interested in tlie reform of the criminal law and administration, and he is a firln believer in undetenninate sentences. The increase in the number of committals for crime, which is so alarming a feature in Amorica, lie attributes less to the great influx of foreign failures, paupers, and criminals than to the practice of sending raw culprits into the society of experienced rogues, and not keep ing professional criminals in durance so long as tlicy givo no sign of amendment. There are two obstacles to tlie working of undotcr- minate sentences here — olio is that the governors of prisons and reformatories are ap pointed for political reasons, and could not bo trustod to deal righteously with tlie re- claiinablo and the irreclaimable; and the other is tlie sentiment of the people, which objedts to lengthening n sentence. Dr. Dugdale, in his invaluable monograph, the Jukes, says tlie life of the professional criminal is pretty equally divided between liberty, license, excitement, crime, and im prisonment, during which he generally re" covers his health and strength for tho next instalment of freedom. This he greatly pre fers to a life of regular labor. FUTURE PROGRAMME. I think I shall leave America in a month, and shall visit .Scotland, England, Franco, Switzerland, and Italy — perhaps Germany. I am anxious to know how proportioned representation works in the four cantons of Switzerland in which it is inaugurated— Tessino, Neufeliatel, Geneva, and Zug ; also, if tho initiative and referendum, about which there is so much said here, aro not unnecessary where the people aro equitably represented. I am sure that I shall see nowhero in tho world moro beauLiful hulls of legislation than the American Capitol at Washington, but I am quite as suru that elsewhere there arc better representative institutions. Moro than two-thirds of tlie senators are lawyers, and more than two-thirds of tlie congress men belong to that profession — a strange tiling for this industrious, agricultural, manufacturing, commercial, ingenious, versa tile people. 