MUNICIPAL AFJMIlt*. III. [Bv Junius.] When a lawyer has a bad caae In band, h|a only bope of gaiuing a verdict for bis client Is by misrepresentation, or to put ft more correctly, lyiinc and falsifying. When ' Justice' undertook tbe task of making out a good aud valid case against me. he felt it would be necessary to devi ate from tbe facts ; tbi*, to blm, wee apparently a very easy task, and he pro ceeded forthwith to throw dust In tbe eyes nf tbe ratepayers by gross and exag gerated misrepresentations ; too glaring to be effective ; too inaoourate for blmself ' even, to wit, bis appeal to you, Mr. Editor, to correct one of bis falsifications ; and too utterly outrageous to be swallowed by even thn least intelligent of the ratepayers. What I contended was tbat tbe cash emolument received by tbe Foreman or Works waa out of all proportion to the responsibility of his office or tbe services rendered by bim wben compared with tbat received by tbe Towo Clerk and valuer, wbose office h a inost responsible one. or witb that of the Engineei of Waterworks, who bss avalaarit* plant under his care. Aa 'Justice (?)' bowever, has taken tbe trouble to retail tbe various Intle conveni ences Mr. Jaflrey is tupposed to be pos sessed or over and above bis ealary of £276, It will perhaps be aa well, at tbe risk of wearvlng your readers, to review bis statements and place tbe (rufA before them. In the first place, the cart used by tbe Foreman of Works is labelled ' Mary borough Waterworks. 'eul the workmen are few and far between wbo bave ridden therein ; tbe tools in most cases are carried by the men, and I bave not tbe least hesitation in asserting that tbe carl is solely for tne convenience or tbe Fore man of Works; It deprives tbe bus pro prietor of many a threepenny piece. I like ' Justice's' eentenoes very much ; tbey are equally as misleading as hie figures. Wbat can tbe publio make out of tbiB ' ' Mr. Jeffrey ia provided with two horses, one dray and man todrlve it the dray scarcely nee.ls driving; will ' Justice' be good enough to eay what he meana by 'it.' Iu reality, Mr. Jaflrey is not provided witb any borees, nor yet with fodder for bis own private nee. He keeps bis own animals and trap, aud pays for tbem like an upright man tbat be is. Tbe dray and bones are used by tbe meo employed at tbe work In carrying out necessary work uamely, for pipes and tooistoBUd from tbe reservoir. A bores known by the name nf £7 4s , wae rent out to tbe waterworks paddock about two years ago, but not before he had well-nigb killed the Foreman of Works, and I am credibly informed that a few days ago, being about tbe first time be bas been used since, be mad9 a very good attempt to do away with friend Jaflrey. It is very amusing to read ??JoBtloe's' list of 'wood, water, oil, 9-roomed cottage, large garden, BBd adglst ment paddo:k.' Reference to the latter ia eo contemptible that only a person of 'Justice's' calibre would be mean enough to pen It. Poor Jeffrey's ball, etookyard. and milking stool— tbs laet Item omitted by 'Justice,'— should at once be dis posed of by the intelligent alderman to rednae tbe bank overdraft. And tben bis poultry farm ; wbat profits be must make out of tbat ; tbe Council no donbt obtained some of tbe fowls for the dinner the alderman and otbere enjoyed on Tuesday last, at tbe ratepayers' expense, end wbleh. If report speaks correctly, cost something like £3. The Returning Officer and bis clerk must bave fared very well. Now we come to tbe ' refresher' spoken of by 'Justine.' Ibis alludes to the purcbass by tbe Council of the electrio plant manufactured by Mr. Jeffrey, tbe material of wblob cost blm over £100. bb may be verified by tbe Booounts of tbe various businessmen. If tbe Counoil's purchases bad all been as remunerative ss this one, the ratepayers would not have a bank overdraft or £8.000 stBrlng tbem In tbe face. 'Justice' omitted to Inform your readers of the msny disadvantages under wbleh Mr. Jafirey labors !n being isolated from civilisation, as II were ; as tor tbe garden and so fortb, Mr. Jeffrey has not quits so muab time ae eome nf tbe Counoil's officers, aod if ever a garden existsd tbere —I bave been ont to tbe worke on many occasions and wss not attraoted by a garden nor yet by any eoll In tbe vicinity to make one — it has been allowed to go to waste from Inability to find time to cultivate It. Tbe salaries of tbe officers require looklog Into, and It Is tobs hoped the new Connoll will lose no time In doing en. Wben 'Justice' next attempts deoelve tbe ratepayers, be bad better eee tbatreoords of tbs C iuncll are non eat— Quantum suf. The Council's white elephants are many, and if tbe aldermen really study tbe welfare of the ratepayers, tbey will devote a considerable amount of their lime during the ensuing twelve months In devising earns scheme or otti»r by wblob tbey will for all time be wiped out. There ia little money available for im provement*, as I bave already shown, so tbat tbere should be ample time tn ponder over suob ghosts as tbe Sanitary Depot, and bow lo get rid of tbem. Tbe Sani tary Depot was purobaied— wby, nobody appears to know— to AugoBt, 1690, at a oost of £1 lOi. per acre, tbe area being 618 acres, tbue Involving an outlay of £920. With interest to date, It bas now reaobed £1005, eo tbat £85 of tbe ratepayers' money bas been literally Ibrewn Into tbe river. But tbis Is not .all. Unless it Ie Immediately disposed of, we bave to look further abead. Three yeare end a-balf having elapsed and no steps tak-*u loin any way utilise tbs land, it is only ? reasonable to suppose tbal tills slate of affairs will oontlnue for Ihe next five years, by wblcn time tbe c--ei of ibu laud, so far as tbe ratepayers are conoerned. I will be £1487, oaloulatlng Interest And compound Intereit «t 8 per oent, and at tbe oloie of nine yeare from now the soil to tbe rate payers will bs £2,035. To a Counoll wiln a bank ov»rdraft of £8,000 odd, tble, ol oiuree, la a m*- re bagatelle, moreeepeolally eo when It is not tbelr uwn money tbey are frittering away. To the ratepayers, bowever, It is a serious item, and It would be well if tbey held a meeting and lo elsted on euoh aD tnoubus being disposed of forthwith ; the first loss would oer- talnly In tbis case be the best. Tbe land Is of Ibe very poorest description end ?[Uite useless, If II Is not to be utilised or tbe purpose for wblob It was origin ally Intended— and tbe etale of the Coun oli's finanoes precludes any possibility oi this, there being no money available wherewith to make a road thereto — then by all means eacrifice It. I am aware tbat land in tbe vicinity Is oelng offered at 16a. per acre, just balf what tbe Coun cil paid for tbelre, but even at tbis price, It will be to tbe advantage of tbe rate, payers to psrt wltb It. Presuming tbat tbe land wassold for £480, balf its original cost, aud tbat the bank overdraft wae reduoed by thie amount, in nine years there would be a saving of an equal amount lo Interest ; this deducted from 1 tbe present cost of tbs land, would leave a loss of only £85 to the rate payers. Ou tbe otber hand, if mattera are allowed to ' elide' aa tbey have been, the ratepayers at tbe term named will bave tbe land at a coBt of £2035, and at a value | In all probability of about tbe eame ae bi j present, 16i. per aore. Supposing It ia I tben eold and realises £160, this dsduoted from tbe £2035. will ebow a lose to tbe ratepayers of £1575, as agslnet £85 by de posing of tbs land straight away. This eurely ie sufficient to warrant tbe Council In devoting some little time to finanoine tbe affairs of Ihe ratepayers, and if they are not competent or willing to eo, tbeu let tbe ratepayers take aotion themselves Tbe matter Ib too eerious to be trlfied witb. Another of tb6 blunders committed by past Councils was the purcbase of tbe Blackmouot quarry and plant, at a oost of £700 ; and tble iu tbe face of being at the time poBseeeor of a good qoarry at Graham's Creek. Tbe plant bas not been worked more than twice since acquired, and certainly not all during tbe past eighteen montbe. I note tbat tbe Fore man of Works io hiselaborate report sub mitted totheOouncll makes noreferenoeto this valuable (?) asset of tbe Council ; for got its existence, no doubt ; it waa not nearly eo important bb tbe llddlywinb log cutting of a eide-dralo at a cost of £5 Os. 6d. blazonel forth in this precious doeument. Ae tbe purchase of this plan? in a great measure Increased tbe Bank overdraft, it would be interesting to know what tbe Council intend doing with it. Ah there is no money to spend on improve ments, no metal Is likely to be required. £700 at 8 per oent Interest means £56, an other reckless squandering of the money eo harshly filched Irom the overburdened ratepayers, and wben componod interest Is goue into, it will be found tbat, in nine years time, quite apart from the deprecia tion io tbe meantime, tbis ghost of Ihe Council's will have cost tbe ratepayers £1400. ? 