General News. Annual Retreat for Clergy.—The Annual Retreat for the clergy of the Archdiocese. of Adelaide was held this year at West Terrace. For the first divi sion of the clergy the Retreat commenced on the 5th and ended on the 9th inst., and for the second divisipn it began on ' the 12th and concluded - this morning. The Retreat was conducted by the Rev. T. O'Brien, S.J., of Norwood. The International Cricket Match.— South Australians are naturally proud of the victory of their chosen representatives againBt the English Eleven. The result of the match was a welcome surprise. Even the most sanguine could not nave anticipa ted such a pronounced triumph forthe local team when pitted against the flower of English cricket. To win with six wickets to spare is a great achievement. Our boys owed nothing to luck either. They lost the toss, and the Britishers put up a big score, 477, in the first innings. The suc cess of the South Australians is mainly due to George Giffen. His fine defensive play in both innings broke the bowling and g^ve confidence to his side, whilst his per formance with the ball in the second innings on such a perfect wicket, and against such a team, was phenomenal Darling and Reedman also contributed very materially to the victory. They played with dash and confidence, and put up big scores. The splendid wicket took the sting out of the English fa6t bowlers. They are a strong team, and we doubt if any other single colony will succeed in defeating them. University Music Examinations.— The Dominican Nuns at Cabin and Franklin Street have been most success ful at the recent University Examinations in the Theory of Music. All the pupils sent up passed. The following is the list:—Senior Pass List—First Class, Ada Chittleborough, Florence Dowdy; Second Class, Nellie Dibben. Junior Pass List —First Class, Maggie Goldney, Adelaide Primrose; Second Class, Mary .Teresa Elwood, Ada Mary Terry. Mrs. Ff Stapleton also passed a pupU, Mary Irene O'Neill, in the Junior list. : The O'Sullivan Memorial Fund.— The secretary to the committee of this fund writes under date November 13 :—; ''With your kind permission I would direct the attention of your readers to the list of subscribers to the O'Sullivan Memorial Fund, which is in another column. The committee would remind all those to whom letters requesting assistance were sent that the time to close the fund is now nigh, and would be obliged to intending subscribers to kindly remit their donations early. A number of letters were sent out to various parts of the colony, and but few replies from the country districts have been received. Possibly those to whom Mr. O'Sullivan is unknown were sceptical as to the bona fides of the case ; a glance at the sub scription list now must satisfy them, and we hope they will not be dilatory. To those also who have hot received any re quest other than this one. we appeal. Amounts sent to the appended address will be acknowledged. Thanking for their generosity those who have already subscribed, and you, sir, for your courtesy, I am, sir, Ac., It. P. Denny, secretary to committee, Lands Titles Office, Adelaide." Lecture by Mr. Glynn.—On Tuesday next Mr. P. McM. Glynn, B.A., LL B., will deliver a lecture on "The French Revolution " before the members of St. Patrick's Literary Society and their friends. The committee hope that there will be a large attendance, and will be pleased to^see members of. other literary societies and the public generally form an audience worthy of the well-known learned lecturer treating such an interesting sub ject. Dk," Campbell and His Constituents. —Very much disappointment has been caused in the Northern District (writes " Autolycus" in the Mount Barker Courier) by the attitude assumed by Dr. Campbell towards the Taxation Bill. He was elected as a Liberal, but he has been anything but rigid in his political views. Putting his hand to the plough, he has more than once turned back. What more notable instance could be given, for instance, than his acceptance of office as seventh minister in the Cockburn Cabinet and his headlong flight directly the appointment was challenged ? The result of the election last May proves conclu sively that the Northern District wants the Progressive Land Tax and that it is prepared to act very sternly towards opponents of that principle. Witness the fate of Mr. William Copley. In Victoria a Ministry which is by no means Radical (for are not Sir Frederick Sargood and Mr. Cuthbert' members?) proposes the adoption of an improved land tax of Id. in the pound, which is equal to the all round increase in South Australia. In that Conservative colony, too, a progres sive income tax and an absentee tax form part of a programme which is almost sure to be carried into effect. Certainly it is suggested to exempt holdings of a less value than £120 from the operation of the land tax. But here, although the ^d. goes right down to the bottom, the government do not impose Id. until estates worth £5,000 in unimproved value are reached. Even then the extra charge is only a half-penny in the pound, and the owner must be very rich before, under the added tax, he pays more than a laborer with half-a-dozen children has to contri bute each year through the customs. When the next Council election comes round—which, if there is no prior dissolu tion, will be in 1897—the retiring mem bers,will be Dr. Magarey and Mr. Guthrie in the Central Division, 'Messrs. Baker and Stirling in the South, Messrs. Warren and Haslam in the North-East, and Messrs. Darling and Addison in the North. Of these only Messrs. Guthrie, Haslam, and Addison may fairly be classed as Liberal, so that there will be a wide margin of possibility for that party at the polls. It is true that the Assembly will first have to pass through the ordeal of re-election, but it is not at all likely that the Conservatives will gain by that, al though doubtless they will do their best. Bishop Moorehouse on Secular J3$u cation.—It may be well just now to recall the prophetic words of warning uttered by Dr. Moorehouse, now Anglican bishop of Manchester, but then in Melbourne. They were spokeninl878 and subsequent events have amply justified them. " Without religious education in the schools (said the Anglican bishop) religion will narrow down into a ;weak superstition, and mora lity into a mere calculation of conse quences. Your boys will sink into mere animals admiring vice for its courage or its smartness. They will become not good, wise, self-denying men, but larri kins, or sympathisers with ruffians, like the Kellys. Choose, my friends, which will you have—a religious or secular edu cation ! You cannot have both. If you bring up your children without the moral and religious element in their character, you cannot add it afterwards. It is a whole without that element, and you can no more afterwards. rchange it than you can add some colored thread that has been left out in the weaving of a fine Indiap fabric, without pulling the fabric to pieces. Yon may choose your course, but you can not choose the consequence of that course. If you sow secularism, you will reap irre verence and immorality ; if y®u folly, you will reap misery." Shearers' Wages —Max O'Rell de claresthat the •" Australian shearer earns from £1 to £2 per day, squatters ' giving' him £1 per hundred sheep shorn," and men being able to clip pretty quickly. Now, where did Max get his information from ? The following paragraph throws a' - little different light on the subject of .shearers' wages:—"Mr. John Howe is known far and wide as. the chain'pibn shearer of Queensland, if not of Australia. He is the ' ringer' of the western sheds Wherever he works, the man who always comes out top in the number of sheep shorn, and who, consequently, has always the biggest cheque to receive at the close of the shearing. Mr. Howe has supplied the number of sheep shorn by him in each of the last eight years, and the aggregate comes to 82,400, which, at £1 per 100, gives him a total of £824 in the eight years, or an average of £103. That is £2 per week for the crack man in the colonies, calculating the price at the highest rate ever paid. Mr. Howe's best year was 1889, when he shore 15,600 sheep, which yielded him £156-exactly £3 per week for the year.—Herald. Spiritualism. — A few of the weak points about spiritualism are these. No medium has ever called up a spirit that had a single bright or original observation to offer about his present state. The brightest thing that was ever said by a spirit was that h£ was well and happy, and that his grandmother was enjoying her self. No medium has ever ^called up a spirit which spoke a language which the medium didn't speak himself. Also, no medium has ever evoked a ghost which gave any valuable or definite information about the past. If spiritualism was a reality, it could cast more light on the dark places of history than any other agency. Think of even a few of the things which the world is yearning to know—why Grouchy muddled away his splendid chance on the day before Water loo ; who were the Man in the Iron Mask, the alleged Sebastian of Portugal, Caglio stro, and Smerdis the Magian; when was Christ born; what became of Cyrus, Richard II., Henry VL, Moses, and the Pharaoh of the Exodus ; who or what. was William Tell; did Jean Cousin really discover America; and several billion other questions. Spiritualism, which professes to be able to rake up the ghosts of the dead past, should be able to answer all,these problems, but it seldom,gets fur ther than rousing up a modern spectre with a strong Scotch accent, who breathes for a while and then goes away. And when it does profess to arouse the wraith of a great writey or poet or statesman he always proves to be the same plain drivel ling idiot as the rest. It is about time for a fresh run on Besant's famous spiri tualistic novel, " Herr Paulus," which contains many valuable tips concerning the sad and mangy science of ghosts, and is wholesome reading after too much of the Mellon variety of literature.—Bulle tin. Forbidden Fruit.—In Lord Russell's article on his predecessor we find a splen did example of the retort courteous of an Irish nun. Lord Coleridge, who was counsel in the celebrated convent case of Saurin v. Starr, was cross-examining the Mistress of Novices, Mrs. Kennedy. Referring to some of the shortcomings of Miss Saurin the Mistress of Novices de clared that she once found her eating strawberries when she should have been attending to the poor childreu of the school or some such duty. " Eating strawberries, really ?" Mrs. Kennedy— " Yes, sir, she was eating strawberries." Mr. Coleridge—"How shocking." Mrs. Kennedy—" It was forbidden, sir." Mr. Coleridge—" And did you, Mrs. Kennedy, really consider there was any harm in that?" Mrs. Kennedy—"No, sir, not in itself, any more than there was any harm in eating an apple; but you know, sir, the mischief that came from that." Mr. Coleridge collapsed. Justin M'Carthy's Marriage. — The following telegram was published in the Dublin Freeman's Journal, October 3:— " London, Tuesday.—Mr. and Mrs. Jus tin Huntly M'Carthy received Communion at St. Mary's, Westminster, yesterday morning from the hands of Father Yaughau, S.J., who has been instrumen tal in making their marriage in all points right in the presence of the Catholic Church. ; After Mass Father Yaughan pronounced blessing upon the married* pair, and subsequently, accompanied by Mr. Justin M'Carthy, M.P., and Miss McCarthy* they went, to the Archbishop's house, where Father. Yaughan presented them to the Cardinal" Bank Balance Sheet.—The Bank of New South Wales {says the Bulletin) pre sents a balance-sheet -winch altogether "lays over" those of its two big rivals. Its net profits for the half year are close on £79,000, and it pays a dividend1 at the rate of 9 per cent, per annum, 'against 10 per cent; in April last. Its capital has increased to £1,786,760, and it has made £28,815 in premiums on new shares, which goes to swell the reserve fund— said fund now amounting to £1,144,190. Also it has nearly £4*900,000 in Cash which breaks the Australian record up to date, and reckoning government securities and Queensland State notes, which are \- cash to intents and purposes itB resources under this head are more than £5,600,000. 