THE RECENT ELECTION. TO THE EDITOR ,OF THE MOIRA INDEPENDENT. (Per favor of the “ Tungamah Express.’! Sir,—The “ Telford Boanerges” appreciated as a compliment the mistake made by the “intel lectual person who sits on the “Moira’*’ editorial throne,”—ascribing to him the authorship of that cleverly written letter signed “Anti Antipathy,” published on the eve of the late election by our local and Benalla contemporary I presume that whilst writhing under Anti Antipathy’s caustic criticisms “the intellectual person ” aforesaid penned the Moira’s leading article of the 27th ult., for on no other hypothesis could it account for so venomous an effusion as this attempt to refute the other’s unanswerable logic. Your disingenuous allu sion to me as the “Telford Boanerges” I regard as a venom-tipped shaft intended—as were your previous attacks—to injure me with my busi ness constituents, and it cleverly manifests your disposition, by the worst phase of boycotting —the power of the press to crush a political opponent. Hidden behind the editorial screen the personal identity of a leader writer should be difficult of proof, but those articles of recent date are so typical of the narrow-minded bigotry of their authoi, that it becomes an easy matter to fix their authorship on that jour nalistic botch and political humbug, M. A. Corboy. You wrongly attribute the authorship of the letter signed “ Anti-Antipathy ” to the “Telford Boanerges,” presumably myself. I don’t complain of this, inasmuch that my sentiments fully accord with that writer in re gard to yourself and the “Moira Independent.” But I do object to the insidiousness of your attack upon me and the disgrace brought upon journalism by an editor prostituting the power of the press to crush a political opponent.who has the courage to express his opinion.. In order that your readers may learn 'somefhing from the other side, and what raised your ire, I challenge you to publish “Anti-An tipathy’s” letter in full in the next issue of the “ Moira Independent.”—Yours faithfully, GORDON DUNCAN. Telford, 0°!- 1st, 1891. [We have pleasure in stating that Mr. Duncan did not write the letter referred to. -Ed. T.E.] TO THE EDITOR OF THE EXPRESS. Sir,—The “Moira Independent” has sung its pfeon of victory, and like chan ticleer crows loudest on its own dunghill. Its brief opening reference to politics pays a compliment to the victory of the country party and the downfall of high tariff sup porters. Yet the powerful city organ which claims to have won the day claims it on the rejection of the low tariff re formers, and I fail to see the source of inspiration from which the “Moira” draws its argument. But the “Moira” as a rule gives the subject of advanced and progressive politics a wide berth and usually plays upon thu old familiar string of parochial politics, and the game of working personal feeling in every contest It changes the the tune of “ fulsome” laudation to tears of grief in a moment like a lightning change artist, for I fjnd it expressing its regret at the dishonorable tactics which were introduced into the fight, and in a clnmsy, yet plausible and insinuating manner attempts to throw the onus on the side of its opponents “ vide” the remarks about the profane placard posted up in one portion of the electorate ai if Mr. Hall’s friends had adopted the villainous style of plotting against his op ponent. What an absurdity ! And dees the “ Moira” think for one moment that level-headed men will swallow its version of the affair. No ! this is the result of tho leader I have to protest against. Then we come to the bald statement that there was a well planned scheme to make Mr. Kennedy’s election as expensive as pos sible. This is only one of those vain imaginings which enter such small minds as the writer of the article is possessed of and lacks both truth and force. Tho writer endeavours to exorcise the ghost of the solid Catholic vote, but if we only glance at the returns of soma of the poll ing booths where a solid and unanimous vote was polled wo will find it will prove beyond all doubt that the vote dims exist. Mr Kcrville again comes in for his share of abuse, and it is the constant harping on such a theme that makes me. and others feel that there is some strong personal antipathy to Mr Kerville in the mind of the writer that we cannot but sympathise with him (Mr Kerville). The elaborate twisting of his words are worthy of the spirit and narrow-mindednessoftheauchor. In the anxiety to discover the writer of “ Anti-Antipathy,” the acute editor dis covered someone styled the “Telford Boanerges” as the person who rained down such a fierce hailstorm of criticism on his effort which was written to divert the public mind into a channel of personal spite and ill-feeling, but he is very wide of tho mark and yeti will venture to say that he will not have the manliness to apologise. If he does there may yet be hope of clothing him in his right mind. With the question of partisan officers and poll clerks I have nothing to do, but will jnst observe that the excuse offered that the men who were challenged “ did not after their appoint ment take part,” scarcely gives one the idea that they had altogether renounced partisanship. Unfortunately, the same tone in which the first leader was written is continued in the second, and it is that tone which calls forth criticism and con demnation. To stir up strife and inculcate ill-feeling and excite supporters by work ing up imagiuary wrongs has been the usual “role” of the “Moira,” arid if its editor will repent and learn to be more generous during the battle and in the hour of victory, many who differ from him will regard him with more favor. We should do away with old world prejudices, class feeling, and national distinctions under the flag of the Southern Cross, and every man who by his pen and voice will assist to blot out such things from among us will earn the respect of every Australian be he native or adopted. ■ If the “Moira” editor desires to learn a lesson on modera tion, let him read all hia contemporaries in the electorate, and he will find with one exeeption they all join in saying the best result has happened by Mr. T. Ken nedy’s victory, yet they are generous to the defeated candidate, who came forward with a proper ambition to win the seat if he could.—Yours, etc.,;. ' ANTI-ANTIPATHY. 