AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY. Abont three years ago (says the DuMbo Despacll) Peter Stein, a hard-headed German, sold property be possessed in the Wagga Waggadlstrict, and, with his family came to Dub in search of land. lie aid his son Jacob took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the oolbanggie. The selections are rather lsaolated. Jacob's is on the southern part of the run, and there was, when it wa. taken tp man old hut upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and 'file younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. Jacob determines to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the areetianof a uommodiona residence on his land, about three miles away. The Steins were no msooners ettledsdown the father and family in their new house, and Jacob at his hut-than they heard'at night astrange voices, laoud cooeyings, and awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or selectors more merry tisan sensible, they, took little notice of them. These sounds were only heard at inter vale-a fortnight or three weeks intervening between their occurrence. They, however, took place so regularly that the idea of noisy .roysterers was given op. Aboute eighteen months ago there were further de velopments, and, according to the famnily, strange msanifestations. The furniture in Peter Stein's house became as if possessed. It jamped about in all directions, and on one tecasion the crash of crockery was something deeidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrn. Stein was baking in the kitchen one day, and after ~be had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the door. These things have kept en from then till now, hut with the further development that the person respon sible-whether spirit of heaven or goblin damned-has frequently interviewed, and has had conversations with, the several mem bers of the family. Evidently the presence is not of the regular type for it does not wait till the "witching hour when graveyarda yawn ond ghosts troop forth," hot comes along is broad daylight and talks to the family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question front Peter Stein, the invisible visitor hba said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother who was nalie, and his sister, wtho was called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run-that his father died in the Cootamunda hospital eighteen years ago-that Ihe (the speaker) Ihad been hit upon the lteod and left for dead on the road-that he had Iteen saved-and hlad subsisted on herbl and weeds. Upon bIing asked to chow himte f Ihy thie elder Stein, he replied thlatif he dii those thlat sawhlim would faint, for ihey had never seen anything like himn before. Accorditg to the Steins-and all, from the father to thie youngest child, tell the same unvarnaishled tale--the visitor some times speaks in a gruot manly voice and some times as soft de a wroman-indeed, it would Ie difficult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs alout the place seem to know when it is comlng, for they Iark fouriously, and one particular dog goes tearly wild withl fear and excitement. Aboet a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and- the invisible one per formed all kinlds of pranks. It ca?sts tomsa howks and knives alsoet with the grace of an Indian juggler, ani upereet pots, chairs, and other articles of domcslic economy. One niglhtl. while the family were engaged reciting the Rosary-they are RInao Catholics, and retain the simple deositnal hiabits of the Rhineland-the tnalle rouo;l whichs they knelt was suddenly lifted towards lthe ceiling and then allowed to come dowv witl n Iseavy thud. So annoying have been tlhemasife~tations that the young fellow who came front Wagga wsithl the Stries has left the place. Another ttan natmed Bnwden, employed I)y them, hIas also left, rayi'ng that it Ihe were given Cthe selection he wrould not live thilre. The whole thing is certainly omysterious, and, however tlhe ccplical asy Ithe inclined to laughI at it. there is etl, our infUrmanet states, the slightesr deo!at t ,trat retyone of the family tharughily believt:s what he tells, and each, from the yottngcst chlild al thle father of the family, has the -.sme story Its tell. IMrs. Stein, awho is an English nlady, wilts no ten , dency to the supetrstLitios, is ,ie csteiuced ?s ahe is of her existaercstllsat th l;st, p: is Itasntetl. A few days ags. at 'Petsr st, hit reques.et, the V~ery Rov. Enthltr llyrne visitcd the sulettion, and tlhough duriing the lighpl at day it Epen;t ther e saws or hlard t:rising, Ihe ivestrigatedrc thle affair as ftr tas Ilrbsihl, ;,tsl is thlortughly eatisfied thltt the Steiss ;r ·lalti. vs ri tha l tey are Iheilss aonttyrtl by ta pwsar, t:i I can act. materi.lly, onl tallk lilke a oant or om;n, all the timsa being invsrs.l,,s. Ths Sltir is xtrats ordinary, anl a s·a-rchiig itqs::ity sisould take place. 