THE BISHOP OF GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE. AT ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL. THE FUTURE OF THE ENGLISH CHURCH. The Rev. A. V. Green, M.A., LL.D.. the newly appointed Bishop of Grafton and | Armidale, preached at. St. Andrew's i Cathedral yesterday morning. There was ! a crowded congregation. Amongst others present were Sir Robert Duff, and Miss Duff, Lord ICintore (Governor of South | Australia), and Admiral Bowden- Smlth. j The sermon wan short, and vigorous, and ' practical. Dr. Green's delivery, though somewhat rapid, Is remarkably clear and pleasing, and the See of Grafton and Armi dale has the honor ot having at its head one of tho foremost pulpit orators in Aus tralia. Bishop Green based his discourse on tho reply of Christ to Nleddemus— "The wind hloweth whore U listelh, and thou hcarcst the sound thereof, hut canst not tell whence It eometh and whither It goeth. So is everyone that Is horn of the Spirit." It was scarcely remarkable, ho said, that tho Lord should typify the work of His j Holy Spirit hy the wind. In many lan guages the expression hy which men de- i noted the Spirit of God was akin to the I word breath or v/ind." After touching on : the widespread connection betweeen the ! two Ideas, "the Spirit and tho wind," and ! illustrating their meaning in each case, he . showed how the mysterious origin and j course of tho winds, their whence, their | whither, their Infinite diversity of force i and of current were very naturally taken hy the Lord as a symbol of the variety of j operation which characterised the Spirit's I work. Continuing, Dr. Green said : — , VARIETY OF METHODS. i Its variety of operation. How many of | us realise this 7 I am not at all sure but ; that there Is truth to-day in that view of tho Spirit's work which apparently led the old Hebrew writer to speak of a clover workman because he was a clever workman, as a man " filled with the Spirit of God." Even when we have made allow ance for n man's Inherited qualities and his physical powers, and the size of his brain I and so on, it still remains true that to be In the heat sense a skilful mechanic, ur a clever doctor, or lawyer, or a great writer or speaker, or a ruler of men, the man must have something in him of the inspi ration of God's Holy Spirit. But putting that aside, still I say how few of us realise even in religious matters tho magnilieerico I of the breadth of the variety wherewith the Holy Spirit works. Sometimes people say. as If it were quite a dliilculty to those who hold our religious position, "Just look what wonderful results are brought about In re ligious bodies outside what you call the historic Catholic Church, and hy moans liov." widely differing from your own." Of course it Is so. and we ought to he very thankful it is so, and bless and praise God that the arm of His power and the invlgor- atloii of His Spirit are felt even where we may fall to recognise a duly accredited commission. A man who thinks that the Spirit of God works only In one commun ion, or by one set of methods, lias yet ills A B C to learn in the school of Almighty God. Whence came that marvellous in fluence which attended tlio preaching of Wesley and of Whitfield four generations ago, when I quote the words of an agnos tic historian) there was aroused "In great masses of men an enthusiasm of piety which was hardly surpassed in (lie first days ot Christianity?" Whence comes to day the self-devotion which nerves the so- styled "ofiicers" of the Salvation Army to fling themselves upon the homes and haunts of vice, and to enduro tho coarsest jeers and ridicule, if hy chance they may pluck but one brand from the burning— whence Is this but from the Spirit of God? Tho methods aro not our methods, the means are not our moans. For us tho Spirit of God Is discerned, not in the eatli- qualte, or in the tempest, or in the fire, but in the still small voice of a more re fined religious system, and In methods of operation less erratic, more sober, staid, and certain. But we cannot, we dare not limit the working of the Spirit— whether it he tlie conversion breaking down the hardened soul as in one moment, or the steady quiet growth of a godly life time. The Impetuosity of a Peter, or tlie thought ful intuition of a John, the rugged earnest ness of a street preacher, or the cultured accents of the scholar— how shall we deny to any of these the Spirit of God? Again I say we dare not. THE FUTURE OF THE ENGLISH CHURCH. We can see the effects of the wind, and so can wo tho presence ot tho Holy Spirit. It is not all mystery. How can we say tlie Divine Spirit is with men In whose midst, morally speaking, is neither life, nor vigor, nor freshness nor purity, nor power? How, on tlie other baud, can we fail to take heart and go on where those things are present? And that is why I, for one, am full of confidence for the future of tlie English Church. Have we not, in these (lays, some right to say that God is with us; that lie has poured forth hi3 spirit upon that ancient Church which for thirteen centuries has been for the vast majority of Englishmen the expression of their religious consciousness. When the history of the nineteenth century comes to be written, few things will be more re markable in it than the new life which, from east to west and north to south, has been poured out upon the English Church. Fairer in her worship, more earnest In her devotions, more eager for her missions, more self-denying in her labors for the sick and tlie poor, fighting with daily aug mented zeal against, the curse of drunken ness, of social selfishness, of lax morality. How can wo fail to recognise In this tlie presence with us, as a church, of the Holy Spirit? I say as a church; and on Whit Sunday it is right and proper to speak of the Church and her life. A MYSTERIOUS STRENGTHENING POWER. Concluding Bishop Green said : "Life is too varied to make it possible for us to do more than say that the work of the Spirit in the individual life is seen in an exalted nature aud consecrated human capacity. There are moments which come to us some times, all unexpected, when it seems that we can do no more, brave no more, or suf fer no more. And then there steals upon lis a mysterious strengthening power, aud we do and suffer as we never could have dared to hope; our powers seem to have been lifted to a loftier plane. As our day, so our strength is. And whence comes this? From Him who Is rightly named the Com forter, the Strengthened The Strengthener to hear hardships, the Strengthener to plan and execute hold deeds, tlie Strengthener to do one's duty — the exaltation of human capacities. Not long ago a mutiny broke out in a great Canadian convict establish ment. Overpowering the guards.the muti neers obtained possession of tho interior of the prison. The warden they had captured, and holding him hound before them they moved on, armed with pistols, to force tlie outer prison gates. On the wall wero nine guards, with rifles; yet. should they fire, the warden's life was ill deadly peril. Then cried tho warden, 'Never mind me, men, fire away and do your duty.' The guards hesitated. The warden repeated his command, and the firing began. Sixteen convicts fell in the deadly struggle; the rest threw down thetr arms and surren dered; but the gallant warden fell, pierced with many bullets, and he gave his life to do his duty. Now I say this, that the reso lution, the inspiration In the sudden crisis, the power to do such a deed as that, comes straight from the Holy Ghost— the Com forter. When a man can deliberately per form so splendid an act of self sacrifice rather than forego his duty, his powers, whether ho knows it or whether ho does not, are quickened by the influence ot the Divine Spirit ot God. Thank God he has not taken His Holy Spirit from us. De pend upon it the unseen but abiding in fluence of the first Whitsuntide works more wonders iu this world of ours than we sometimes give it credit for. Perhaps we cannot all do heroic deeds, nor make great sacrifices, but we can all so live that the Spirit of God may consecrate our dally lives, so that wo may he a noble example, not only to the Church, but the world around us." 