' RECENT AND PRESENT EVENTS IN OUR RELIGIOUS LIFE.' The acting-Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly (the Rev. A. C. Suther land), in opening tbe meeting of that body on Wednesday evening, gave an address ' on ' Recent and present events in our religious life.' He said : — I propose to refer very briefly to recent, and indeed present, circum stances in the ecclesiastical life of our colony. These certainly are of very much interest in various directions to an wno taKe an interest in the moral and religious well- being of the com munity. What has transpired shows in a manner not to be mistaken that human nature is still capable of being interested, ron--ed, and stirred even to excitement in matters that are not material but spiritual, 'when a man with special powers and gifts takes it in hand. In moat men there lies beneath the apparently solid crust of custom, formality, greed, ambi tion or frivolity, deep waters, waiting to flow upwards when the piercing1 word reaches them. We have had fresh proof given to us that the Spirit of God worketh when, where and how He pleaseth, that the Almighty is really independent of special organisations, though to some minds it is almost a scandal that He should work graciously outside clear cut lines drawn by properly constituted Synod or council, eastern or western. The main point is the organising life, not the resultant organisation, which is always changing, always casting off waste material and assimi lating new. What has happened amongst us in these days may be referred to as an illustra tion of this obvious, bat nob practically accepted, commonplace. Lab me draw attention in the first place to the departure of Bishop Kennion from our shores Go occupy a more august position ; it is so at least from certain points of view in the larger and fuller life at home. We have no hesitation in testifying gladly to the influence for good which he exerted, not only in his own communion, but in the community where his position gave him the opportunity to address himself to alL But he had more tban the van tage ground of his position ; he was, though not without limiting qualities, fit to use it. I don't think God ever takes an ass to do the work of a war- horse, external advantage or no advantage. With no pretension to genius, varied learning, or overmastering elo quence, and with his- outlook on the religious world narrowed ; by the insular Anglicanism, specially insular in this case — of Dean Hook, of first-class parochial fame, as distinguished from the nobler Anglicanism of English Hooker and American Brooke, Dr. Kennion has nobly pressed upon us the claims of the spiritual life. We regret his limita tion^ but rejoice in his fidelity to his convic tions ; and the grace of his character, the good he accomplished in spite of the Dean Hookian line which prevented him from doing more than socially shaking hands with men more enriched with the gifts of the Spirit and with brighter apostolic seals to their ministry than were allowed even to him. We shall follow his career with much interest. As I am dealing with this subject, supreme in its importance, permit me to call attention to a powerful article in the current number of the' Nineteenth Century by that great theo logian, Mr. Gladstone, dealing with this very question of shaking hands across the lines of Dean Hook. The brave old veteran has a theor7 of the Church, though moQinea rrom wnac it was sixty years ago, which makes the Church of England for England the ground and pillar of the truth, and, therefore, according to all rule the special graces of Christianity ought to be found and flourish there alone. But then John Bunyan, Milton, Rutherford, Dr. Dale, and thousands more of equal faith, if not of genius, did not, and do not, rest on this pillar. The accomplished scholar has the same difficulty in reconciling the undoubted facts with his theory that the CaMnist has in reconciling freedom with predesti nation; or the philosopher in resolving the contradictions that meet him in consciousness. Sensible men accept them as both true. Mr. Gladstone cannotboldly acquit non-episcopal churches of heresy and schism, even though they hold the great verities of the Apostolic doot-rines._ He would go further than Bishop Kennion in Christian fellowship, would step acroas the lufe a bit with such churches on the ground, among others, that their position is the sohism of Jeroboam, and not the rebellion of Korahand his clan. This is an advance in the right direction, for Jeroboam's throne was given to him by God ; his sin was not schism, but idolatry. The tempting subject must be passed from. Permit; me to glance for a moment at the briglt Presbyterian ; lights that, have illuminated or are illuminating our Boutherh firmament). We used to ~ be called grim, austere, without capacity for fun, humor, or laughter. I trust extremes won't meet in our case and that we shall not be set down as comic. With regard to the general utterances of Dr. Talmage on the ri,_^« ? , t t ? ? i.t.- ?_ j ? ? *m ? piasiorm \ ± nave nocuing to say. xney amused— a very legitimate thing— and eo served tieir purpose. As a pulpit orator, too, thoizgh perhaps superficial, he ' has helped thousands. But when he deals with one of the most awful, solemn, grave, and far reaching questions of this day, or of any day, one does wish that more knowledge had been shown, and that criticism bad not degene rated into something like burlesque — that the speaker had called to mind the wdrds of the Psalmist— 'I do not exercise myself in great matters, or in things too wonderful for me.' Mr. McNeilT in his genial way has told us ministers that we feed our people on -spoon meat. A candid friend told me once that he got no meat at all, which was harder still. Well, we had to feed in days gone by on very eolid meat indeed— for instance, Butler's 'Sermon on Ignorance.' That at least suggested speculative modesty. I once got a very practical lesson, a sharp one, well fitted to keep me from pronouncing judgment) on what I did not understand. Some nautical subject was started in oon versation on board a steamer at which I was present. I It was long ago, when one was young and dogmatic I had probably read an article on the subject ; and so was confident. I knew all about the matter. 1 opposed the view of abronzea gentlemanly fellow-passenger. ' He fixed his eye twinkling with an amused kindly compassion on me, and said, 'Well, I have been in command of a ship for 20 years on the great oceans of the world.' Since then I do not care to dogmatise on navigation if a stranger be present ; be may be a brother of the captain who spitted me so deftly. Dr. Talmage informed us that the scientific men of Adelaide had given up evolution. I don't know, but I venture to say that no evolutionist ever held that man has descended from an ape. He does say that the ape and we have common blood in our veins, and even- goes further and says that the germs of the noblest virtues are to be found in an ancestry much lower down the unbroken stream of life. This may be atheism, but then Socrates was called an atheist, and almost all the sciences, had to meet this baptism of fire, to tbe shame, not of science, but of something else. At 'the same time one is glad to see that Lord Salisbury has reminded the British Associa tion, of which he is president, not of the triumphs of knowledge, but of the ignor ance which baffles it. Not long ago one of our distinguished men of science here spoke of the million of years needed to make good his theories. But one is reminded that the mathematical investigations of Tait and Lord Kelvin make serious inroads on these millions. Professor Drummond has just told us that evolution has found a place for God in the universe in which without pause he worked hitherto. Let us leave the matter to those who understand ; their eyes are sharper than ours, and flaws of every kind in work of this nature will sooner or later be found out. Our work is different, and it is more than enough for us. I cannot refrain from quoting a really wonderful passage from the latest deliverance of Huxley, an avowed enemy, not so much of Christ as of the theo logies associated with his name. After point ing out that social progress means a check iner of the cosmic process, whose skirts are dyed in the blood of the weak, he goes on to say that what is demanded of us now is not the struggle which secures the survival of the fittest. 'In place of ruthless self assertion it (goodness) demands self-restraint ; in place of thrusting aside, or treading down, all competitors it requires that the individual shall not merely respect, but' shall help his fellows; its influence is directed, not so much to the survival of the fittest as to the fitting of as many as possible to survive. It, repudiates the gladiatorial theory of existence.' — (The Romanes Lec ture). Huxley has not told us where he found this noble testimony, seeing that the cosmos, or Nature, says, *'it is not in me,' but let not that prevent us from saying reverently amen. Perhaps those who charge Christianity with immorality because it says the same thing will listen to him, though they regard Paul as an absurdity. I am not going to say muoh with respect to that brave and distinguished servant of God who is now spending himself among us, and that because I am in sympathy with what he calls his speciality, the emphasising of certain aspects and truths of God's revelation. One recalls on hearing him or reading him a legend of one of his - ancestors who, whatever his theory, practised with energy and success the gladiatorial method of existence. The tradition is that after he had dined it was the custom to send to tbe top of the tower ot nis gloomy castle on a rock in the Atlantic a herald to proclaim after a blast from his trumpet, 'McNeill has dined, others may follow suit.' His modern namesake has preached, and most of us mnst be content to follow him at a distance. He has found his special work, and blessed is he we are told who has done so, but Christ has other specialists of a different kind, and though he may not like some of them — they have been led on a different road from him — he must not judge. Mr. McNeill pleads for the old, and that rightly, but then he has made it new. McCheyne would be shocked at much in his method, but it does not follow that he is wrong. The Bible truth is a much wider thing than one's experience of it. He has come to us at a time when we were perplexed, humiliated — when what we thought stable as the hill of God crumbled into dust like an exposed mummy — with a true word which will not fall to the ground. He has nobly vindi cated the place of preaching as a true means of grace, as an instrument in the hand of tbe Holy Ghost — has asserted the right of the prophet as against the usurpations of the priests. How rich must our Saviour be, seeing that there is such a rich variety in the order of His servants. Carlyle, in his pathetic notice of the death of Edward Irvine, referring to his popularity, says : — ' Syren songs, as of a new moral reformation (sons of mammon were to become sons of God, and the gumflowers of Almack to be made living roses of Eden) sound in his inexperienced ear most seductive, most delusive. Fashion then went her idle way to gaze on Egyptian croco diles, &c;, and forgot this man.' I quote the passage for the closing words. Let us pray that with us there may be no such forgetful ness, at least of the message. 