Humour, A barber has no right to lather his wife. The way of the transgressor is hard because a great many pecplo have gone over it. No mcderu young man learns how to adjust a young lady's ekates rapidly. 'Tis one of the lost arts. ' When you have leisure,' said a caller to the editor, ' I would like to speak to you.' ' AU right; come round after I am dead.' Author—' I don't think the papers treat my faroe-CDinody right.' Friend—' Inotioe they mention it under the heading 1 AnnaementB." Mr. Gaily—' You know that man' proposes.' Miss Wais'dong—'No, I don't ; I've only beard th&t; he does; have had no practical experience. Emerson remarks, 'Trust men and they will trust you.' A Fleet-street tailor alters the aphoriiim-to this: ' Trust men and tbey will bust you.' Visitor—' Do you regret the past ?' Convicted counterfeiter—' Oh, no ; it's what dido^ pass that I feel bod about.'— Tid- Silt. ' You think my boy is bound to mskc his mark?' Teacher—'I am afraid BO. It Beems impossible for him to learn to wtifce.' —Life' ' Hardup is a pretty decent sort of chap, but Le D6ver stioks to anything.' • Did you ever lend him any money V—Philadelphia Record. Sunday School Teacher—Charley, what will happen to the man who attends to his body at the expense of his soul p Chsrloy He'll get fat.—Sallo. Mamma—Willie, you must not interrupt mamma while she's 6peaking to ladies. You must wait until she stops. Willie— But, mamma, you never stop. Hon:empathy—She—I always liked you real well until I found that yo« l'ked me. He—Why should that make a difference P She—Like cures like, youkaow.— Tiu'.h, One reason why some men swear is because it does not take any courage or manliness to do it.—Sam's Sorn. Convinoe some men that it pays to bo good and you couldn't keep them out oi tie church with a shotgun. Wind is a very useful element in the pro - pulsion of balloons and ships, but you cm.'t fbuild railroads on it.—Trenton True Ameri- \- The man who is scared at ghosts ii afraid of nothing. Teacher—'What is the passive ;sood'.>f the verb'to work?' Johnny—'To loaf.' — Chicago Eeeord. Miss Flirt—So you would not f.'.ke <-ia to be twenty! What would you taVe t-c for ? Mr. Freshly—For batter, for worei-. Hoax—Di you believe that tUirtcau in a fatal number ? Joax—Well, all the people who iived in the thirteenth century are dead. A; soon as somo people get a little moccy they prove by the way they use it tLat they shouldu't have it. — Teaoher—Spell' then.' Bessie (ifted e'x) —T-h'-e-n. Teaoher—' Now, when the't' is taken Eway what rem ans ? Bsscie— Dirty cups and saucers mostly. She—' You are sure there is no evening paper ?' He—' Yes ' She—' Horrors ! thick of having to wait until morning to fieri out what kind of a dress I wore at my o wn reoeption.'— Atchison Globe. Chicago Inter Ocean. 897 