Evicting a Ghost. Almost every town or village has its haunted house, and the settlement of Wanda, in India, was no exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live during the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. The rumor that Captain Beauchamp's house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night by a most extra- ordinary noise. The door-bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house — not in one place, but in several at once, and then he heard a long- drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that the place was haunted. The notoriety so cheaply earned became exceedingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seat- ing himself near it began to play a quaint air upon a flute. After industriously playing for a few moments up through the hole in the basket came the head of the cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket it began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the measure of the music. After the snake dance— or the snake "charming," as Europeans are wont to call it — the Indian snake charmer walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit. To one of the natives he said he would take out a cobra which he thought was in the hole. seating himself before the hole the magician began his mournful piaint. For fifteen minutes he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soon found, this being directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it a few moments carefully, then began to play upon the flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable noise came from the house. First, there was a sound as of escaping steam ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rub- bing against the timbers. Dust in clouds came from the hole, and the "charmer" started back in terror, overturn- ing the man behind him. Recovering him- self, he darted at the hole and, thrusting his arm in, drew out, not a cobra, but the tail of a large snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror on those of many of the spectators, as he stood holding the tip of the tail, and five foot of the body was visible. For a second the man hesitated, then regaining his courage he shouted in Hindustance for the lookers-on to stand back, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten, fifteen, sixteen feet — eighteen, was there no end? — eighteen feet of quivering snake flesh as large as a man's thigh. A quick jerk and the entire monster was clear — at least twenty feet in length— big nough to swallow a deer and yet held by a single man. The native was, however, not in the least dis- couraged. He clung to the tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he gave it a swinging motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased his speed, turning faster and faster, until he seemed the centre of a wheel, the spokes of which were the body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snake's body was perfectly straight, and it was evident that as long as the motion could be kept up the man was safe, but if the monster could reach him he would in a moment be crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew what he was about. Not far from the house stood a Stout flag-staff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and toward this he was gradually moving, whirling the snake faster and faster. When he was within twenty-five foot of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to stike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer he came, whirling faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip-lash, and then, with a quick step for- ward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold, and the great reptile doubled up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clouds of dust into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was the "ghost." 