Chapter XXXVI.—The Ghosts of the Past. 1 An old, beot man, worn out and 'rail, He came back from eeeking the Holy Grail." Scarcely two' years had elapsed since Clement Dunraven had left' Aboyne Courb for the foreign travels, during which he hoped to find thab peace of mind which passebh all under standing; when one evening when he was' by no means expected he crept into his own house by the back door.' ' • One of the maids who saw him ran shrieking to the housekeeper and said she had seen Sir' Clemenb's gho3t. The housekeeper told her "not to be a fool" and went out to look, for. herself, and then' she too trembled' with affright until she heard the well-known voice. "Don't be alarmed, it is myself; Clement Dunraven in the flesh. . I have been very ill and have come home to die." . " Oh, Sir Clement, why ever didn't you let ub know that? We might have, had things a bit comfortable for you." "All right—all right; don't trouble your self. There'll be comforb enough for me. Light a fire in the library, Lady Gertrude's favorite room, and send for Dr. Watson." The night wa3 a cold one, though it was only mid-October, and the trees were still heavy with mellow golden foliage. '. ' There was something about Sir Clement's manneraud appearance which repelledquestion, so the servants bestirred themselves to pre pare dinner, get his bedroom ready, and make the place as home-like as the short notice would permit without asking for any further orders. Sir Clement meanwhile, sat down in front of the tire, which had been speedily lighted, and took no notice bf anyone. It was not until Dr. Watson entered the, room that he roused up from his reverie. The summons to come at once to Sir Clement Dun raven had been received by the little doctor with no small. dismay, and a presentiment of coming trouble took powerful possession of him, nor was his dread of the future in any was lessened when he saw. the man who had sent for him. ./."Doomed to death," was the doctor'smentai verdict, and that torture of mind had ended in produoing torture of body he was not slow in deciding. Sir Clement held out his hand and said feebly— "It is good of you to have come so soon." How gladly would Dr. Watson have grasped it, but that the recollection of the awful accusa tion made by Jim Glendinning rose vividly in his mind. He pretended nob to see the ex tended hand, but drawing a chair close to: his patient tried to speak cheerily. "Sorry you have come back ill, Sir Clement; we must see if we can patch you up." But Sir Clement noted at once the want of cordiality and said bitterly— "You cannot "ministerto a mind diseased,' but since I see you know or have guessed the truth you will make my task easier." Dr. Watson merely answered with an "Ah" and Sir Clement went on— " I have nob much belief in parsons. They would ruin you if :tboy could, as Singleton tried to ruin me. But I have senb for you; Watson, because I know you to be a true arid honest man, and as suoh you will help' me to make the best atonement for the past that is in my power." VI will , use my beat endeavors so,to do," answered Dr. WatsoD, "but would, not Sir Miles Berkeley-;—" "No—no," cried Sir Clement, interrupting. "Berkeley has a wifej arid, I hear, a child. Let him be happy and .iguoraut:" I" will not have him freighted wit^h my;mig'e,ry-. You must hear many a tale'of wretchedness, Watson; it is in your calling." ~ " "Alas! Tales of .wretchedness and.suffering that one cannot always assauge." . >•'. -r - ."There is only one - incurable disease; of which the torture cannot be alleviated.,'and that is the disease from which I am dying,now —it is called remorse." ■ "Oh, Sir Clemeno, repentance must bring alleviation of suffering, even to the most re morseful." "I have repented, humbled myself in dust and' ashes" for my siES, but I am. do happier. Remorse gnaws as a oanker wprm 'at'my heart.' Should Ibe any happier if I had made a public confession and allowed the law to take its course 1 I think not. Anyway it would have brought misery and obloquy on innocent people: So I resolved to keep my secret. It is wearing me out, and the severest punishment I can inflict on myself is that I have refrained ■from my own destruction. However, the end is not far off now, and before that end comes I want you to know the truth." " What good to tell it, Sir Clement 1 Before the words have fallen from your lips you may regret having spoken them.'V '"I cap never regret having asked a good man to be the guardian of my child—you will not refuse V Dr. Watson winced, but he accepted the guardianship. ••"Lisa is my child," continued Sir Clement, "and Lisbeth, her mother, my lawful wife, which Lady Gertrude never was." " Sir Clement, for mercy's sake koep silence. Think of the memory of that pure virtuous lady and keep silence." "To all but you I will do so, but you must know the truth, or you cannot do the best for my child and her brave mother. If i die with out a will this property cannot go to Lisa, unless her legitimacy is proved. In justice to Lady Gertrude I am going, with your help, to make a will leaving everything to Lisa, my adopted daughter, who is to take the name of. Dunraven. Thi3 may seem to you to be unjust to Lisbetb, but she agreed to be supplanted by Lady Gertrude, in order.that I might become my unole's heir, and therefore she must bear her share of the sorrows brought on us by our joint folly. Ah, if I had never- deserted Lis beth I might have been a poorer, butt I should have been a far happier man." "She is the best and noblest among women," 'said the doctor fervently. Sir Clement looked-at him keenly.- His .'eyes felhas' before those of an inquisitor, for he felt that Sir Clement had guessed the desire of his heart. "Isee.Ihave appealed to the right man," said Sir Clement, after a short pause. "Win her if you can. Watson, and if my blessing, the blessing of a wretched criminal, is of any avail, you have it_with all my heart. To know that my poor .Lisbeth will have a restful, happy homeis far more than I deserve." NothiDgmore was said on the matter ; what could be said as long a3 Clement Dunraven lived 1 Pens, ink, and paper were produced,' and the last will and testament of Clement Dunraven was written out. In it he' left every thing of which he died possessed, includ ing Aboyne Court and all its valuables, to his adopted child, Lisa, whose birth had been registered at a registrar's in the City-road under the name of Lisa Ellis, on condition that she henceforth took the name of Dunraven. The guardian and the sole exeoutor to be his tried and valued friend, Richard Watson, M.D. - The butler and Brown, the bailiff, were sent for to witness the signature of their master, and this supreme effort having been made it seemed as if Sir Clement Dunraven's work on earth wa3 nearly done, for he then lay back in his chair in such a condition of syn cope that brandy had to be poured down his throat, "and Dr. Watson decided that he would pass the night at Aboyng Court. But,-considering that he had been left execu tor and guardian to Lisa, and knowing what his own feelings were towards Lisbeth, he did not believe himself to be justified in remaining there without letting anyone know of Sir Clement's-return.. So he sent a man on horse back over to the Snuggery to acquaint Sir Miles with the fact of Sir Clement Dunraven's return in very bad health and to request him to ride over in the morning. After a time Sir Clement rallied somewhat and Dr. Watson and the butler got him to bed. _ . He seemed in suoh a strange, semi-conscious state that the doctor took up his position in an armchair and arranged for the butler to sleep in an adjoining room, so that he might be at hand if his services were required in the night. Ab the doctor had expected, the distressing unrest which the unhappy man experienced was most sad to witness. In vain Dr. Watson tried every available means to quiet him. He tossed ceaselessly from side to side in feverish excitement, muttering every now aDd again! somewhat incoherently; only Dr. Watson, j who held the key, understood full well how sorely the poor distracted mind was troubled. As is frequently the ease with the break of dawn the restlessness and excitement grew more intense, and the mutterings became 'shouts and loud cries for help. ■ Dr Watson was thankful that the butler was a heavy sleeper; he would not for worlds have had him hear the unhappy, man's ravings, and violent, though Sir Clement was he pluokily determined to manage him if possible by him . "How dare he come between me and Lis beth—ah—the water is deep and black—and cold. .. What ! no movement—no sound silence ? My God, what' Bilence ! No voice — not a leaf . stirring .— nothing bub that blaok, still water'—and the • rushes. Ah, the rushes will hide it. Let me go ! Let me go ! l oan stay here no loneer. Away, away from this terrible place. You shall not hold me, let me' go-—the police are coming—the manacles—the mob in- the court—old Jim's jibbering face—the gallows." ! It was a fearful and awful eight, this torture ! of mental agony; and in all his wide practice-: Dr. Watson had never before witnessed such a scene. He fought through bravely, however, and by meanB of. an anresthetio, for which he had sent to his surgery early in the evening, he managed to quiet the agitated brain, and by the time the first awakenings of life were heard. in. the house Sir Clement had sunk into, an uneasy, unnatural sleep. While as for Dr. Watson, he was so exhausted by what he had gone through that it was only by an immense force of will that he managed to pull himself together so as' to be able to proceed with the terrible duty of tending this wretched man: ■ ' Till this hour he had pub away from his mind, as the mere chimera of an unhinged brain, Jim Glendinning'a assertion about the part which Clement Dunraven had played in the death of Pierce Vaughan. Now he had j no, further doubt on the subjeot, the true mur derer lay before him and might even yet be brought to justice. Dr. Watson thought that the hours of hiB life were numbered ; still there was no saying what turn he might take or who might hear; the ravings which could not fail to convict himi Por himself he intended to say nothing^ the punishment Clement Dunraven had received was a heavy one and who was he that he should deliver him over to the law, blighting the memory of one true, loving woman and .the life, of another by his fall. Many'might cavil at and argue about Dr. Wat3on's reasoning and how he justified him self in- thus condoning crime, but he oared nob. The presence of death was omnipotent in that room.and the terrors of remorse accompanying it made all earthly punishment seem small and unreal. The efforts of those interested to keep Lady Gertrude arid her memory free from the taint j were, however, to meat with success. When Sir Miles Berkeley arrived' it was to find the sufferer still slumbering. _ Nor did he ever recover sufficiently to recognise any of those who were about him. The terrible crisis was over and, thanks to Dr. Watson's loya.lty, the dire events then revealed would never be | divulged. . Sir Glement .lingered for many hours, vitality being stronger than the doctor had ex pected. He took what nourishment they gave him apathetically, but did nob speak; the brain was numbed and the pulse and powers were gradually growing feebler. Towards evening a tall figure in a long blue cloak came up the stairs with a halting step and Lisbeth gazed for the -last time into the living face of the man she had so desperately loved, that she had sacrificed all her,happiness in life for his dear sake. _ : She knew, nothing of the will, nothing of what had been done for Lisa, and she a3ked nothing. - All her thoughts were absorbed in him who lay there dying in the prime of his manhood, the victim of his own sins. Nor were there any tears in her eyes as she looked at him, but prayers, heartfelt and deep, were in her heart; prayers that he. might nob be punished everlastingly for his grave i transgressions.. ' - " Considerate always, Dr. Watson went away and left her with the dying man. He would nob pry into the secrets of. that woman's heart and truly a veil should be drawn over her sor row and her agony. An hour later Clement Dunraven was dead, and the tall figure went down the staircase noiselessly as she had-mounted it, away into the silent night, where the moon shining bril liantly-to guide her steps and the stars efiul gently beaming gave her hope thab the path way even through the valley of the Shadow of Death was nob wholly drear, and that mercy was extended even to the greatest sinners. .The news of Lisa's heirship, which was spread about soon after Sir Clement's funeral, took the entire.neighborhood by surprise, and, of course, various were the comments made upon it.- Everyone whispered to his intimate tnab he knew the truth, had known it for years, but no one guessed the riddle arighb save Dr. Watson and, Airs. Singleton, and they were silent as the grave wherein the dead lay buried. And so after awhile the. gossip ceased, the social gatherings recommenoed, and the world ran on its usual course as if Sir Clement Dun raven had never existed. _ ' -Dr. Watson took means to-have Lisa edu oated in a:manner befitting her future position and was ably assisted by Cisbeth." Whether the little doctor will ever persuade Lisbeth to give up her ".Home" and its suffer ing inmates and begin life anew with him in the . red brick house on the outskirts of the town is one of the problems of the future. .. Lady Alarcia says that of course she ought to marry him, and that there is plenty.of money to found a real big "Home" in memory: of Lady Gertrude. ' Hitherto Dr. Watson has been too Bhy to pun the question .himself, and if the marriage takes place it will probably be beoause Lady' Marcia has brought lt.about. The End.' ' 