THOU ART THE MAN. OSAPTKR VI. CBQDHABT OONBIDBBB HIMSKLF ILL-USED. BY MISS BRADDON. Thjtt suggestion o( ft possible marriage had .tirred the waiter* of Marah in Brandon Mountford's mtmoty. In every man's mind there u some Marah-pool whioh needs but a breath to disturb its hitler watert. With him the pool lay ftiU and deep, yet he had an ever ErataB* consciousness that it was there, a Slant sorrow, which made bis life different from the livesof other young men. The few of hereditary madness was the afeedow that wrapped him round and set him apart from men of bis own age and circumstances, and hemiped him in with considerations which but rarely block a young man's pathway. He looked back to-night in the solitude of his bedroom at Ellerslie, with the tiothio casements Song open to the soft spring night, and with ail the waste of dark waters stretching far away to the distant silvery line that marked the horizon, touched with starlight. He looked back as he often looked, and remembered his solitary childhood with his father^ mother, old Mrs. Mountford, widow of General Mountford, who had fought in Arthur WeUestay'* Indian campaign. He remembered that sad childhood, bis father away is India, a captain ot engineers under •on, despondent alike of the here^ and the hereafter. He remembered how when he was between fourteen and fifteen he had been sent from Wellington College to a house at High gate to aw his dying mother, the mother wfcoee face he bad never looked upon within his memory. A lucid or semi-lucid interval had marked the ebbing away of life, and she had entreated to see her son, her baby, aa she oalled him pitbously. The tail lad stood beside her bed, holding her waited hand in his, looking down at her with tearful eyes: and her first impulse had been to repudiate him. " Who is this gnat boy f shs asked. "Mine was a litle baby." The nurse tried to explain tg her, bat she did net listen to the explanation, She was looking at the boy's fi»e> and that told her piore than anything the nurse oould say about the years that had gone and the ohacges made H.taau. . . „ t . « " Yes, yes, jn an my boy, she oned. "You hart your father's eyes. Where is he H*rk«M I* my husband J Why doesn't he come to met He is very unkind—everybody ikjnd," be lad ftaye& at the dootor's house until all waa over, and saw muoh of his mother in those last few days—those slowly olosisg hours of life daring whiph her mind was clearer for atervsJsthan it had been in all the ' years rinoe hereon'e birth.; Fq nurses the eon heard the history thaw low yvan. of eeolueion; her delusion^ her fancies, the trleams of reaaon, the sad periods of utter darkness. .He-saw the .room* TCwhicb sh^bad lived,- brightly furnished, " pome-nie, tomfortabla ramonsiin even w luxury > and be understood how the absent husband bad considered and oared for his helpless wife, shirking DO outlay that ootid ensure her wellbeing.He walked in the raid en wh««e»be had walled,"" a spacious, <ad*fashwiw<r garden where the tiSM and shrubs and holly hedges bad been growing for more than a century, and from which he oould we the great city veiled iP in •Bokft-ourtMB, vague.; formless, monatnsus. He walked there full of melancholy Ahoughts. Thepoor mother-rail his life long » fftaw «itkis- tboM narrow bounds. No, not quite a prisoner.' "She had 1 been ^allowed oanisce' airwfj? whenever her.condition .permitted bar being taken out of doors—damage airings in the OMtody of a madhouse nurse. She had been no better off than a State prisoner at best. Years afterward, when he aaw the rocky island of St'- Mareuerite.smd the prison in which the Iran Mask endured eo many yean of silent solitude, his thoughts want bank to the bright little titfcing-room at Ogkgshv and the sunny garden above the great smoke-bound Oity. Those few day* at Hfebrate made a crisis m young Brandon Mountford's youth. He went back to Wellington an altered being, and maataM and boy* were alike struck with , the change whioh his mother's death baa made in him. Ilsrasodd that he should take bis loss ao deeply toheart, they sfUd, einoe be bad eeen •very little of bis mothar—a confirmed invalid. Over Brandon's Jife hsnoeforth there brifidad the ahadow of a dark fata HehadtaUUto the dorter at Bigbmte, had preseed;bim Stately npoo the question of hereditary lunacy, bad enquijed into the turtnie of hiamotbera malady. and had discovered that the meptal flaw had first showed itself i® the form of epay.from whioh she bad suffered »»» young bat bavins, at it WM Supposed, entirely SQtn the tendency to that terrible disease •tut mj dark expebom her busbhod rienoeof her KuUtood a and bis family, au offenoe whioh old Mrs. Ifeontford had never forgiven. Over him, too, bn that horror of possible epilepsyjgsgaifiad its horror aa only youthful imagina- Hebroode OS this possibility, and He thought of himself as a creature of arovol of the he ooapared himself withNeaman, the leper; lint, alia! tks age of miraculous euros was past. There was no river in whioh he oould wash aad be free from the tendency that was in his blood—the awM heritage from his dead 1 mother. He exaggerated all his boyish ailment*. aaw In every headache an indication of Impending •vil. It aoay have been by reason of these gloomy thoughts and oppressing fears, or'it Biay have bean that his fears ware rightly grounded, aad that the fatal tendency waa latent in his constitution that the dreaded evil happened, He was nearly eighteen yeari of age when the first attack occurred. The foal; fiend of epilepsy seised upon him one •vaning In she aohool ehapel, rent and tore him. Mid left him shattered and weakened, with a dull despair in his heart. Henceforth be knew himself doomed. One after another these horrible convulsive seizures would tear •t brain and body until reason would be wrecked in the struggle, and madness would dose the aeede. As it had been with bis notte, so it would be with trim. Be gave up all idea of the army. He went to Cambridge, worked hard there, and in his three years of University life had only that milder form of epileptic-seizure which French physicians call le petit mal," in oontradistinotion to the severs and convulsive type, or " le grand mat" Sometimes in his rooms, witb his books open before hin^ oron -the-nver, the sculls in his hand* moving, alowly with measured beat, there would be acudden lapse of oonscionsness. He would go on rowing, perhaps, with s mechanical motion; or the raulls would oease to work,. and the. boat would drift with the ti^-for alittle-way, Jfcberaan sittiog fcber® lost to the world around him, knowing nothing till the alow awakening as from a trance, with the knowledge that he had lost himself, thatin tbose Ifftp.minutes ^eaeoti and memory had gone. The oonedousneas of this malady darki those yeiura which should have been so fuS of jdMuofneM; bat be msnaged- to-take hie degree and to oome out of the examinations creditably, to the delight of bis father, who enjoyed a year's furlough in his'taon'e society, travelling through France and Italy. At . Brindiai father apd eon parted—ou board a P. h O. steamer—parted never ' to meet again on earth, for within a few months of rejoining his regiment Major Mountford died of jungle fever, and Brandon was lord of himself and of a small income. The first use he made of his independence was to shake off the trammels of civilization and to set his face towards the wilderness, His doctor at Oambridge had told him that his bestobaaoeof warding off future attacks and of outgrowing his malady would be found in a free, adventurous life—sport, travel—under God's open sky. Much learning was a thing for him to avoid; nor would he be wise in going to the Bar, or in taking up medicine as a profession. He had stayed at Cambridge and worked for his degree only to gratify his father. He had no ambition of his own in association witb the oivilized world. If he were to go through life torn by devils, let the tormentors come upon him in the desert where there would be none to see him in bis agony, or at least no one whose scornfal pity could smite him to the quick. His life in the wilderness bad been on the whole a happy lite. His love of sport and adventure had grown and strengthened with the growth of bis skill aa a marksman and his acumen as an explorer. Not often bad bis hereditary malady overtaken bim in the midst of bis wanderings, but he had not been altogether free from such visitations, and be knew that the fatal tendency was still unconquered, an enemy kept at bay for the most part, but not beaten. What assurance had he that epilepsy might not sooner or later develop into dementia, as in the oase of his mother ? Sir Joseph had not even hinted at his idea of Mr. Mountford as a husband for Marie; so there bad been no harm done, thought the old man as he reflected upon last nieht's conversation with bis guest, while he took his morning walk on the terrace before the 9 o'clock breakfast. Brandon had started for the river some honrs before, having risen at dawn ; but he and the keeper bad gone down to the stream alone, TJrquhart pleading a headache as a reason for staying indoors. Marie Arnold appeared on the terrace, looking bright and fresh in her pink cotton frock and black silk apron, soon after 8, and joined Sir Joseph in bis walk. "A long letter from tiibyl," said the old man. "3he lsooming back early next week. Her cough has quite gone, and she is pining for home. You'll be triad to have her bs>ck again, won't you, Marie?" " Very glad. Ellerclie is not Ellerslie without her." "And about this time next year she will be S fettiag herself ready for the first May Drawing- room, and then good-by Ellerslie, and good-by girlhood," eaid Sir Joseph with a sigh. " She will be swallowed up alive in the fashionable whirl ' 'pool, and you and I will lose our hold upon her." "I am not afraid of that, Sir Joseph. I don't think anything the world can do will ever ch snge her." " Well, perhaps you are right. Her mother passed through the ordeal unchanged. She was in the world, but never of it. She was like that young woman old John Evelyn was ao fond of, who went dancing through the fiery furnace of Court life, play-acting and sincing, and waiting upon the Queen, and talking to the King, in a society where half the women were—unmentionable, and yet remained a saint to the last. Ah, me! Sweet Mrs. Godolphin died in the bloom of her youth and beauty, like my dear wife. Well, Marie, we must reconcile ourselves to the inevitable. Sibyl's schoolroom days are over, and you are no longer a young girl. You must marry, my dear. We must End a good husband for you." '* Please do not try to anticipate Destiny, Sir Joseph," said Marie, with a little nervous laugh and a very vivid blush. " If Providence means me to marry the husband will appear in due time, and in the meantime I shall be quite content to live my own quiet life here with old Mrs. Morison while you and Sibyl are in London." And you will not think yourself hardly used—you won't think it hard that Sibyl should have all the pleasures the great world can givewhile you are buried in thisdull oountry home." What right have I to envy Sibyl her life? I ought to feel nothing but gratitude for your gqodneis to my mother and to me. If you had made me a servant I ought to have been contented." Don't Marie, don't! You pain me when you talk like that. I want you to be happy,. independent,- assured of a bright future. I want yon to feel that you have a claim upon m«—a strong claim—that you are as muoh to me as an orphan niece oould be— more $hau a nieoe — almost as much as a daughter," added Sir Joseph, his eyes dim with tetre. "You are all goodness to me. I have had more affection from you than I ever bad from my mother, and Sibyl has been all a sister ocmld be. Do you think I am going to complain because her lot is to bs in the great world and mine out of it ?" '<Yo8 are a good girl, and your lot may be happier than hers perhaps. Who can tell?" Life went on very quietly at Ellerslie after thiB conversation between Sir Joseph and his adopted daughter, but tbat id*a of finding a husband for M»rie Arnold was still uppermost in bis wind, and he was startled when Hubert TJrquhart came to bim in his study two days later and confessed devoted affection for Miss Arnold, an affection whioh he only waited Sir Joseph s consent to declare to the young lady. "What! Have yon said nothing to Marie inted at itate of the oase. It has been hardly jle for me to be in her society and not let >er see that X adore her." !* 4n4 bow hat she taken your hints or your adoration 1" She is an enigma to me, Sir Joseph.. Yet I can but think if I bad your approval—if you showed yourself really in favour of our marriage—she would not look unkindly upon ma" ki. " OW you 'think sbe would not object if I urged your suit. Well, Mr. Urqubart, I'll be frank with you, and confess tbat yon are about the Iwtlm&n; I would choose as a husband for niy ^ddpted d apghter. I may as well call her my wfopted daughter, for I have all a father's affection for her." " J jissurpd of that, Sir Joseph," paid Urquhairt; "bqtl %m at a less to understand you? objection to me as t match for a young lady who, I am informed, it the daughter of a working man who was in your employment in Belgium, and who therefore would make some advanoe in the social aoale if she beganw the wits of *n Earl's younger «on." ' ""True hearts are more than coronets,"' Mr. Urquhart. " Your lineage is unobjectionable; but I oftunot say as muoh for your aharaoter or anteoedentg." "I may have gone the pace a little," admitted Urquhart; "but I have aown my wiidoMa-" " It is x>at your wild oats I am thinking about tp much as the character of the aower," answered Sir Joseph gravely. " I have heard *toriesef your unkindnsss and negleot as a husband, Mr. Urquhart. Forgive me if I say that ypn have not a good charaoter from your iast place. X have been told that your wife died of it broken heart." " Then you have been told lies, Sir Joseph. Soolety: seldom forgives a man who marries out of iU ranks. I married a oountry parson's paonOets daughter; and any nnhappiness there by have been in her life was the result of ^Uonmsbances over which I had no control. Were I to marry your adopted daughter I ooodmdnvaa/romd make maki a settlement which e' her from the pinoh of poverty, ch might help me to carve out a r myself, either in politic* or at the would and 'P career Bar." " I would do nuob for a man she could love, and whom I could trust," replied Sir Joseph, gravely. " question of money should stand between her and happiness. But, to be frank with you once more, you are by no means the .tnan -I would choose." "I understand," said Urquhwrt, pale with anger, yet trying to be courteous. "You have made your choice already perhaps. Mr. Mountford iB the man you would prefer¥' " Mr. Mountford is out of the question. He is t baobelor by inclination, and is bent upon amoving lifd in South Africa." "Perhaps, Sir Joseph, alter your frankness —whioh implies a considerable prejudice against me—I had better pack my portmanteau add leave the salmon to more favoured anglers. I have no right to inflict an unwelcome guest upon your family circle." "Don't talk nonsense, man. I mayobjeot to you as a husband for an impulsive, inexperienced -girl; but that's no reason why I should turn you out of doore. Stop as long as you like, only give Marie no more hints of your adoration. I have <nn idea that she is tolerably heart- whole so far as you are concerned." Urquhart did not order the paoking of his portmanteau. The salmon river waB very attractive at this season, and it would not have suited bis plane to leave EUeralie, above all to leave Brandon Mountford master of the situation ; for let Sir Joseph say what be would, Urquhart thought that tklountford's pretensions would be favoured. Mountford's family was as good as his—Urqubart's—and Mountford's antecedents offered no ugly blots to the enquiring eye. He had done well at the University. He had never made himBelf notorious by riotous living or debt. He had won renown &s; a fine shot and a sagacious exlorer, and had lately published a record of Eis travels whioh bad been praised by the critics and appreciated by the public. In such & man as this Urquhart saw a dangerous rival. He saw, too, that Marie WBB interested in Mountford, and that it needed but some show of sympathy on his part to win her heart. Here, however, he was puzzled. Mountford seemed careless of charms which kindled Urqohart'e warmest feelings. Was this cold ness simulated, the mask of some deep design, or was thB man really indifferent? Urquhart -watobed him closely, and could surprise no touch of tenderness amidst his unvarying courtesy; yet his own natural bent towards dissimulation inclined him to believe that Mountford was only masking his batteries. -There are some women who only rare for the unattainable, and it might be tbat Marie thought all the more of Mountford because she had been unable to Bubjugate him. Urquhart had tried the other plan and had failed iguommiously. Mountford had been nearly three weeks at Ellerslie and seemed to have interwoven himself into the family life. Sir Joseph had taken a cordial liking to him, and it was the thoroughness of the old man's friendliness which induced him to protract bis visit much beyond his original intention. "I don't know what we shall do without you when yon leave us," said Sir Joseph. "We shall miss him sadly when he goeB ; shan't we, Murie ?" He did not see Marie Arnold's vivid blush as she bent over the newspaper she had been reading, and be thought ber answer was cold and careless. And then he remembered Brandon's determination to remain unmarried—a resolve that was perhaps overscrupulous, since his mother B sad malady might have bequeathed no fatal taint to him— and be thought it a merciful dispensation that Marie Arnold should be careless and indifferent. It was after 7 o'clock when Mountford came home that evening. He had been for a long and lonely ramble over the moors, glad to escape from Urqubart's society even at the sacrifice of sport. Urquhart's conversation was the essence of worldly wisdom of the streets sl.reety ; and a man who has spent his happiest years in the lonely places oi the earth, and has communed with God and Nature under tropical stars does not find muoh salt or savour in the petty gossip of clubs or the intrigues and money troubles of men about town. " I never knew such a fellow for not being interested in things tbat interest other men," said Urquhart discontentedly, when one of his choioest aneodotes had fallen flat. "V don't believe you care even for the turf." "Not a joe," answered Brandon. "I admire a racehorse because he is the perfection of blood and speed, not beoause he can win a cup." "Your icdifferenoe makes you very bad company," grumbled Urquhart. "We oan't all shoot lions." To-day Brandon had bathed bis soul and senses in solitude, and he felt all the betterfor the long ramble in the wild, bleak country. He had eeen Dunluce Castle afar off, tall and grey above the tidge of the moor, and he wondered idly whether he would ever see it nearer, tnd what kind of a man its owner, Urquhart's elder brother, mieht be. And now in the fading light he walked up the bill and by the winding shrubberied road that led to Ellerslie House. A carriage was driving a little way in front of him as he passed the lodgegate. It disappeared at the first turn of the road, and he thought no more of it until he saw it standing before the poroh, while a footman busied himself in carrying various articles of luggage, handbags, books, umbrellas, and suah small deer into the hall. From the hall oame a sound of voices. Sir Joseph's strong baritone, and a girlish voice whioh was like musio, so lew and sweetly toned. Could it be the daughter of the bouse ? Brandon went into the ball feeling shyer than he had ever been in his life before. In those last days nf confidential intercourse in Italy, when the father and son bad talked together as man and man, Walter Mountford had told his son that pathetic Btory of a hopeless love struggled against valiantly and never revealed. The thought that he was going to see the daughter of the woman his father had loved thrilled him strangely. He had been told that Sibyl was like her mother, and it was with a feeling almost of awe that he approached the girl of eighteen. He remembered an old photograph grey aud faded, a poor little photograph taken on the beach at Bognor by an itinerant photographer—the portrait of a girl in a broadbrimmed hat and an oldrfashioned frock, but witb oh, so sweet and delicate a countenance —features so relined in their chiselling, such lovely lines of chin and throat, and such a slender, graceful figure! His father had taken that poor lictle photograph from bis despatch-bo^. It was on glass, and it had accompanied him all over India without coming to grief; and from the shadowland of death and vanished years the young faoe had looked at Brandon dimly, like a very ghost. Ves, there were the same features, the same gracious lines, the same soft depth in the dark grey eyeB tbat were looking at him now. "Hullo, Mountford," cried Sir Joseph, gaily; "the master of the house has come home. No more lax behaviour now! We shall have to mind our manners. Oome and be introduoed to my tyrant." Sibyl held out her hand to him in the frankest, friendliest way. " I am ever so mueh obliged to you for helping to keep father in good spirits," she said. CHAPTER VII. DBEAMING AKp WAKIN?. Life at Ellerslie took a new colour for Brandon Mountford after that day. It had been pleasant, easy, unconventional from the beginning. He had felt the cordiality of Sir Joseph's welcome, the assurance that his presence gave pleasure to his host—but these things made an everyday happiness, and there was nothing wonderful or dreamlike in a wellfound oountry house, a fine salmon river, and a blunt, generous-tempered old man who had begun his ascent to Fortune'? temple on the lowest rung of the ladder. Sibyl's ooming had changed the oountry bouse into au enchanted palace, the windblown terrace and lawns and shrubberies overlooking the bleak North Ssa into an earthly paradise. Her coming had changed life into a lovely dream. Her light figure moving to and fro on the rough banks of the river turned that stream into a magical wateroourse leading to an unexplored Eden. When a boating expedition was proposed one day he almost expected -to find the boat drifting into the azure light' of caverns as blue as her eyes. Heexpected anything wonderful and abnormal rather than the rude, grey hills and the barren moorland. In the beginning he surrendered himself blindly to the enohaatment of this fair girl's sooiety. He knew that he could never think of himself or be thought of by Sir Joseph as a possible husband for this heiresB of mines aud millions. Sir Joseph had frankly stated his Ambitious hopes for. his daughter. " She must marry a Peer, my dear Mountford," he said. " I want her to go back into the great world which her mother left when she stooped to marry me. I want to see her a Countess before I die. She is pretty enough, and she will be rich enough to be a Duchess— if there were an eligible Duke. I won't marry her to a fortune-seeker or a profligate, Mountford. I may be ambitious, but I won't sacrifice my girl's happiness even to make her a great lady." All this had been said more than onoe before Sibylla's return, and all this Mountford had accepted as inevitable—a decree of destiny, since Sir Joseph was the kind of man to carry out his own ideas to the letter, and it would be bard if among the baobelor Peers of Great Britain a worthy as well as a titled husband could not be found for Sibylla. Mountford knew himself oat of the running. " Wece I a Duke, and the inheritor of a ooupleof shires, I should be just M ineligible as I am now," he thought. "Nothing would ever induoe me to link my life with another and blight the heart that loved me." ; Having thus made up his mind about himself—having Set himself resolutely, on the side of the celibates—Brandon Mountford made the mistake which men are apt to make in such circumstances. He was too secure of himself. He thought that he might reckon in advanoe of the Greybeard, Time, and think of himself as a middle- aged unimpressionable misogynist, while be was still in the very mornin? of life much fresher in heart and brain than the majority of young.men, since he had never blunted bis feelingB in the millround of youthful dissipations —• had not wasted the first fervent love of boyhood upon the Totties and Lotties of the music halls or the tavern bar—had not been spoiled or wearied by the vaouity and parrot-speech of the modish young lady wHo is by way of being sporting or fast. To Brandon Mountford an English girl in the morninfr of her youth and the freshness of her beauty was almost a new oreation. Had Venus Anadyomine met him in some cavern of that bleak shore in the mystic twilight of eunrise she oould not have seemed more enchanting than Sibylla in the Rraoe and purity of her unspoiled girlhood. He gave himself up unresistingly to the charm of her presence, accepted her friendly advances, telling her lightly that she was to think of him as a newly discovered poor relation, something of the nature of an uncle. "You might as well call me uncle, Mies Higginson." he said one day when he was assisting Sibyl and Marie not to catch salmon. They had taken a good many lessons in the art of throwing a fly, but had not ^et achieved 1 the distinction of a bite. . "Oh, I oouldn't possibly do that," Sibyl answered decisively, you are much too young for an uncle. I'll call you cousin, if you like, thodgh, herbaps, even tbat would sound foolish. But we are a kind of cousins, aren't we ?" "Yes, we are cousins—in the third degree." "I'm glad of that. I like to know tbat I am related to you. Father likes you so muoh, quite a« well as if you were his nephew. Please call me Sibyl in future. Miss Higginson ie dreadfully formal, and it is such an ugly name." It was agreed, therefore, that they were to call each other Brandon and Sibyl. "We are actually cousins," Sibyl explained, the first time she uttered the visitor's Christian name in her father's hearing, "BO it would be absurd to be mistering and missing eaoh other." The speech was BO frankly spoken that Sir Joseph took no alarm at the idea. He, too, had accepted Brandon Monntford as a poor relation, a pleasant and harmless bachelor cousin. He had met dozens of suoh young men in Bociety as harmless, and often as necessary, by reason of their helpfulness in all the minor details of domestio life as the oftenquoted cat. He had no idea that such an existence could menace danger to his own dearest hopes. The time came, too soon for Bran don's peaoe, after ten or twelve days of unalloyed bliss, when the young man knew and felt his own peril. He knew that he loved Sibyl with the love that means the happiness or misery of a lifetime—or at least of all life's best and brightest years. There may be healing for such a wo'ind ; but it is a cure so gradual and BO tardy that the convalescent hardly knows whether the passing years have conquered his passion or worn out his heart. He knew that he lovqd her—knew that his delight in her society was something stronger and deeper than a man's pleasure in the company of a lovely and fascinating girl—knew that the slightest touch of her hand thrilled him, that the sound of her voice, heard casually from the garden while he was writing a letter by the open window of bis own room, would set hie heart beating and make him write noneense. f hey had been rarely alone together; they had only talked to each other in the lightest strains upon the most casual subjects. Marie was always with them, walking by sea or moor, lounging on the terraoe, lingering over the friendly teatable, visiting the stables, driving, riding, Marie was as constant and as inevitable as Sibyl's shadow. Brandon might have thought tbat this perpetual companionship on Miss Arnold's part was in obedience to orders from Sir Joseph; but Sir Joseph's whole way of life was too open and unsophisticated to allow of such an idea. No, Sir Joseph trusted his guest, and it was for his guest to prove worthy of the oonfidence tbat had been so freely given to him. Brandon knew that he bad been received and trusted on the strength of his race, warranted honourable as it were because of the good blood that flowed in his veins, the gentleman's unsullied lineage, out of which could come no evil. Not for all that this earth can give of happiness would he have proved himself unworthy of the good man's confidence. Thinking over that " shadowing" of Sibyl by Marie Arnold, he accounted for it to his own satisfaction as a sign of the elder girl's jealous attachment to her adopted sister. It must be jealousy and only jealousy whioh made Marie dog their footsteps and intrude her own personality upon every conversation, every email scheme cf amusement. There were times when be could see that even Sibyl was somewhat annoyed by the elder girl's obtrusiveness. They oould talk of no subject in which Marie would not take her part, sometimes talking sheer nonsense in her eagerness to usurp the conversation, and overshadowing Sibyl by her feverish loquacity. Whatever the feeling was whioh influenced this strong and passionate nature, it was a feeling that totally'changed the girl's manner, —and the change in Brandon's opinion was a change greatly for the worse. He could but compare the Marie Arnold of the presentvehement, excitable, dictatorial even—with the Marie Arnold of those quiet days before Sibyl's return. Then the dependant had been all gentleness, modest, retiring, given to thoughtful silence rather than over muoh speech. Now she was loquaoious, irritable, capricious, changing without apparent reason from exaggerated gaiety to Bullen gloom —resecting unintended slights, exacting, pettish. To Brandon the change became hourly more mysterious and more worrying. " You know Miss Arnold better than I do," he said to Urquhart one evening in the billiardroom, " and perhaps you can tell me if sbe is often as disagreeable as she was to-day during our river excursion ?" " In my sight Marie Arnold can never be disagreeable. She is just the loveliest women I know, and the most fascinating." " I did not know you were so ardent an admirer. She is handsome unquestionably— in a certain style—and I can understand your admiring her. But I think you will admit that she has changed for the worse since Miss Hjgginsoo's return." " Pobsibly. I dare say she feels ber false position a little more keenly when Sibyl ie at home." "You are pleased to talk of a false position, but really I don't see where the falsehood comes in. Sir Joseph treats her with unwavering kindness." " Sir Joseph treats bis collie dog with unwavering kindness ; bjit do you euppose such a girl as Marie—conscious of the highest gifts a woman can possess — does not feel the difference between the acknowledged and the unacknowledged daughter—the heiress and the dependent." "I don't think MiBB Arnold—or any friend pf Miss Arnold s—has the right to jump at Conclusions upon suoh a subjeot as that,' returned Brandon, with grave displeasure. He liked and even respected Sir Joseph Higginson, and on that account alone was inclined to resent the insinuation that this girl, whose presence was an ostensible fact in the family circle, oould be the offspring of some low intrigue. Mnch more did be dislike the idea that Sibyl's companion and friend should be a baseborn sister, the inheritor of a mother's shame. "Perhaps, as Sir Joseph is a very good fellpw and a millionaire, the wisest oourse for all of us is to imagine his character and antecedents stainless," Urquhart retorted with an open sneer. " For my part I am inclined to think bim human, and that bis affection for Marie Arnold hat its root in an unforgotltf.n love of his youth. I don't believe in abstract benevolence—or adopted nieces." Suddenly, swiftly it "was borne in upon Brandon Mountford tbat this Paradise along whose sunlit paths he bad been wandering, lost in a dream of unquestioning bliss, was a Paradise from whieh he must flee; and that onoe having left that Eden those good angels. Manly Pride and Honour, standing with flaming swords on either side of the gate, would forbid the possibility of return. He had been trusted in tbat household—he had been warned by implication against any attempt to win Sibyl HigginBon's heart; and now he shrank appalled, bewildered, yet overjoyed at the thought that the trusting girlish heart was almost won. Yes, albeit they were eo rarely together and alene oven for a few minntes, he had seen the signs and the tokens of a growing interest in bim and his life. He had seen the fair yoang face steeped in thote sudden overwhelming blushes which tell of growing love. He bad seen Sibyl start at his footstep—beam with sudden gladness at his approach. He had seen her intense interest in those stories of his travels which be had told oasually at first, aud with a diffident apprehension of becoming a bore, but which both S'by! and Marie had urged him to enlarge upon, and to retell not once but several times—stories of lions— stories of savage foes—stories of fever—stories of tricksters and card-sharpers at Port Natal —stories of buffaloes lost or dead—of extinguished camp fires—there was no detail of his adventurous wanderings in which those two listeners were not interested. " I feel like a modern Othello with a pair of Desdemonas," he said lightly one afternoon as he vras soulling lazily with the current, while Sibyl and Marin sat in the stern of the skiff, Sibyl holding the rudder-lines, and then he quoted almost automatically— She loved me for the dac/er j I had pass'd; And I loved her that sh did pity them. •. " Oh,"Sibyl," heoried, as the nose of the boal swung suddenly round, " what a jerk I Is that your idea of steering?" "I — I — beg your pardon, Brandon. I thought that barge was ooming towards us." " That barge" was hugging the furthermost shore, about a quarter of a mile away. Brandon glanced at Marie, and was surprised at the angry light in the large dark eyes; surprised at the searching gaze whiah the elder gir} fixed upon Sibyl's drooping eyelids end blushing cheeks. 