The Storyteller. The Fight at Newbridge. A TALE OF '98. Written for "The Southern Cross ' 1 by John Connelly. . CHAPTER IV. Larey Ba\kk was taking his ease in the kitchen, recounting to the cook, Mrs. Moloney, his various adventures at the recent fair at L . It was his custom, before beginning the labors of the day, to discourse on his beloved bagpipes (on which instrument he- was a noted per former) some of the fine old Irish airs, which he could render delightfully. Mrs. Moloney was usually his sole audience. Of this lady the people of the house stood somewhat in dread. She was a buxoin, good-natured person, but she "would stand no opposition iu her own domain, and her word was law in all matters culinary and ■domestic. It was her habit, whenever she considered she had a grievance, to throw open the door of the dining-room, when her master was seated at table, and, stand ing on the threshold with arms akimbo, to deliver herself of a torrent of invective' against things in. general. Her master derived much amusement from these out pourings, and generally yielded to her on these occasions. He would eay, "My dear Mrs. Moloney, what you say is quite true—your wishes must be respected ; the servants must show you every respect, Mrs. Moloney." She would then depart in triumph, and celebrate her victory in such a manner that her complexion grew visibly deeper and lier voice somewhat broken and husky. On this particular morning, being re quested by Mrs. Moloney to give lier a "tune," Larry took up his pipes, and be gan fingering over the keys, giving forth a series of squeaks and trills preliminary to breaking into a lively air, which he ac companied by a quick motion of the head and a tapping of the foot. Suddenly the strains of a fiddle in some distant part of the house were borne to their ears. Some other performer had caught up the tune Larry was playing, and repeated it note for note. Larry let the pipes fall from his fingers and looked up in surprise. None of the family had a bent for music—who then could the invisible musician be % "It must be one of the visitors," said Larry, when lie had recovered from the shock. " May be 'tis the judge himself ! Those lawyers, sure, are not eo serious as they appear in coort ; they put aside their gravity and knowing looks with their wigs and gowns, d'ye see, ma'atn, and are" up to all sorts of larks like down-right play-boys." " Is it a judge play the fiddle ¥' said Mrs. Moloney. "They might do worse," said Larry emphatically, "and they do. My bro ther, Mick, that's the waiter at Daly's in Dublin, was telling me once that he saw Judge Jeffreys playing leapfrog with another limb of the law, afther he came from passin' sentence of death on a poor fellow for horse-stealing." " Oh, the haythen!" said Mrs. Molo ney—" instead of going home and sayin' a grayer for the poor craythur's sowl." Lariy broke into a hearty fit of laugh ter. "Ah, its little ye know of the ways of those lawyers. If it was to dhrink a safe journey to the poor divil, I could imagine his lordship adoin' of it; but to pray for his sowl—begad, that should be put iu the newspaper they have in Dublin as an illi* gant joke." The fiddling, was resumed, and Larry grew serious and grasped his pipes de terminedly. " Be the piper that played St. Patrick up the hill of Tara, he's not going to put me down with his fiddlin' f Let him nlav, this if he can 1". He put his head to one side, closed his eyes, and began to play softly and low ; but gradually the notes swelled and grew intense, rising in sharp,• shrill tones of joy and dying away m unutterable anguish and regret. It was Corolan's CaithUn Threa\ Arid, wonder of wonders 1 the same beautiful melody "was caught up arid repeated by the opposing musician with ■ much skill arid feeling; and scarcely had the last bar been played when Mr. Hough tori's servant, James, appeared in the doorway, fiddle in hand. - * He advanced smilingly towards I/any and grasped him by the hand. Larry forgot the momen tary rivalry between them, rind returned the friendly hand-clasp warmly, pleased to have found a kindred spirit With whotri be remld commune on the subject of kis° favpfitehobby, music. 1 "Sitdowri, and welcome," he said, ad dreSsingthe visitdri : "'I atriglad to know yorihave the g% arid in ihe i^tWay, tjari^play lrish tuties so weU^-^-fls^wrill Si • meself a'most ?" asked Lany modesUy. «r " said James poli tely, "I could never play as well as you. I Mve some Irish blood in me, I am glad to say—(James had altered his political views considerably during the past hour) —that will account for my love of your national music; and something else, top," he added, with a sigh, half satisfaction and half regret. By some wonderful iustiuct, Mrs. Molo ney seemed to divine his meaning, and produced a small, brown jar, which* she offered to liim,: inviting him to have a "taste." James feigned a reluctance, which he thought indispensable to the maintenance of his dignity. But he was persuaded to take a "drop,"—lie required no persuasion at all to take a second and third "drop"—and he sooii found himself seated opposite Larry, conversing on the subject that was dear to the hearts of both, while the conversation was smoothed by applications to the small brown jar. In the midst of their enjoyment they were interrupted by the entrance of Giles Power and Miss Houghton, who' were at tracted by, the sounds issuing from the kitchen. "We have come upon an interesting scene," said Mr. Power— "a musical duello, with Mrs. Moloney as umpire." That lady was standing, with her hands on her hips, surveying the two musicians, with a broad, good-humored and slightly patronising smile on her lips. In her capacity of patron of the arts, she had an air of dignity which was amusing. " I am sorry to interrupt you, "jsaid Mr. Power, smilingly. " I want you, Larry, to saddle the black mare for Miss Hough ton and accompany her on her ride. I am sure you will take a pleasure in point ing out to her all the objects of interest in the neighborhood. But do not tell her any of your silly tales about fairies or ghosts or such nonsense." "Don't talk so disparagin' of the good people, sir, it's not lucky. I'm sure they'll be highly pleased with me to make such a sweet friend for them as the young lady." Miss Houghton laughed delightedly at the compliment. "I didn't expect to find such an accomplished courtier in Ballynacree. Isn't that the name you give this delightful, out-of-the-way, old place, uncle 1 Have I pronounced it pro perly 1" Larry hastened to do his master's bidd ing, and in a short time afterwards he was riding side by side with Miss Houghton up the mountain path. He took advant age of the opportunity to pour out the secrets of his inmost soul to his fair com panion. She was such a sympathetic listener, so sweet and kind that he deter mined to broach the subject nearest to his heart. " What do you think of Mrs. Moloney, Miss V he asked suddenly. " I'd like to have your opinion." " She seems a nice sort of person, Larry, as far as I can judge from my limited acquaintance with her." "Thrue for you. Miss; such a good natured creature you wouldn't meet from here to Dublin. She's not bad lookin' either an' well connected ; her mother was one of the O'Flanagans—you might have heard o' them. No ! that's strange now." Larry sighed profoundly—doubtless at the hard fate that prevented the fruition of his hopes. " That green hillock over there is called the 'Fairies' Hill,' because- the good people may be seen dancin' and divertin' themselves there on a fine moonlight night." "Have they actually been seen, Larry V' , "They have, Miss, for sartin'—I've seen them meself. It .happened in this way. I was comin' home from the fair at L , an' felt a bit tired, it being a hot summer's day, an' havin' a small dhrop taken, may be, I sat down on a little green hillock. It was growin' duskisb, an' while you'd be winkin' a whole throop of little men, all dhressed in green and carryin' hurlies in their hands, rushed into the field. A ball was thrown up, and afther it they went, pucking it here and there, from end to end, as well as the Craughwell hurlers could. One of them was bringing the ball up to the goal, when a chap on the other side put a hurly be tween his legs an' threw him. 4 Foul play* says I. With that they all stopped play and looked towards where I was sit tin'; then they made towards me an' fell at me with their camans. I rolled off o' the hillock, an' when I picked meself up they were gone." ' " It was rather unkind of them to beat you, Lariy, since, you are such a friend of theirs." "Served me right, Miss," said Larry. " Shure I had the height of impudence to interfere at all' in' their sport. I wouldn't pershume so "far, only that I had a small dhrop taken, and- " " And that you were dreaming, Larry." At thiB moment a deer crossed the path a short distance in front, closely pursued by a: large,' • rough-coated deer- hound. ; They both disappeared in the tall heath and fern on the other side, and a young mah sprang lightly over the fence that skirted the road. The horse which Miss Houghton was tiding reared up suddenly, and dashed away madly towards the bridge tHat spaiined the wide, mountain river,1 how swollen by - the recent rains. Larry started off in -pursuit, shouting afid pmying at ihe top of his voice. He was wild^& tferror and alarm for the safety of his charge. The mare was sure-footed and might carry her safely over the slip pery planks ; let her stumble but once, and then!—he dreaded to think of the terrible consequence. He spurred and whipped his horse—but to no purpose. The mare was gaining on him at dvery stride, there was the torrent foaming and tumbling down its rocky course a short distance ahead —and, horror of horrors ' the bridge was gone. .A few timbers stood upright in the bed of the stream, the rest had been carried down by the force of the flood. Here the river was broadest, and on either side stood sharp ledges of rock on which horse and rider must inevitably be dashed to pieces. Nearer and nearer they came, the horse's mouth and sides fleaked with foam,. its eyeballs starting from the sockets, the rider's fair young face pale and rigid, her eyes half-closed as if afraid to meet her fate. Twenty more strides and the abyss would be reached, when a man sprang out into the path, and gathering himself to gether for a spring, just as the horse was shooting past, he caught the reins in a grasp of steel, and checked the mad career of the animal. He caught the fainting form of Miss Houghton as she was about to fall, and lifted her gently to the ground. He placed lier by the side of the fence, hav ing first taken off his coat and made a seat of it. Larry ran to the horse's head, and stood anxiously awaiting the recovery of his charge. After a while she opened her eyes and struggled to her feet; she passed her hand across her forehead and looked enquiringly at the two men. She sud denly recollected what had happened, and smiled faintly. M How can I thank you for delivering me from certain death?" she said to him who had come to her res cue, and who was no other than Owen O'Carroll. " How brave and noble it was of you to risk your life for a stranger !" "I should be less than a man not to render what assistance I could ; besides, I ran very little risk, and I am more than repaid to see you quite recovered from your fright and unhurt." He lifted his hat, and went on in pur suit of his game, anxious to cut short a scene which was becoming rather embar rassing to him. (To be continued). 