Jingle. (Br DRYBLOWER.) What old-time memories the sonnd of Coolgardie's first church bells conjured up. To the listener fresh from -the city the effect may not have been so lasting; but to the sun-dried digger, nnaccnstomed to their music, many sad and Bweet mind-picturea must have been wafted on the sound of the old familiar chime. Ring, oh ! ring your merry tinkling Far upon the Sabbath air. Dim religiouB lights are twinkling ; Hark! the eound of earnest prayer ! Tho' no organ's notes are pealing, Choral voices sweetly blend. Glimpses of a Heaven revealing When we rsach life's rugged end. So to rich and poor and lowly, Lightened by their sins' release, Bella ring out your message holy— True repentance, pardon, peace. * • * Scene, post-office, mail day. Lettersorter calls, ''Any Smiths present?" Chorus of one hundred and fifty Smiths: "Yes!!" Sorter: " What initial ?" Chorus of one hundred •and tvrenty-five Smiths : "John ! ! !" * * . * Another Post-office Story.—Last week a letter was handed out for one Walker, addressed "J. Walker, Pedestrian." Among all that straggling remittance-expecting mob, not a, man smiled as he handed the letter lack with a 8igh and remarked, " Yes, that is my initial, but I'm not a pedestrian." # # * The " belltopper" has made its appearance in Coolgardie. Enter fashion, exit comfort. Farewell to ancient toggery, the slop and ragged suit. The comfortable cadie, the honest blucher boot. They all must seek oblivion and hide their hoary head, Tot the black »nd shiny " topper " has its sombre loBtre shed. No more will pretty barmaids on the knee of moleskin sit, "When the "-fizz" is flowing freely and we're "doing in" our bit. Our ehirts must be of linen and our gloves of finest kid, We'll wear t he highest collars, tho' the face be almost hid. No^more wJl portly Sharkey in his breezy style indulge, As be waddles like a turkeycouk exhibiting his bulge; But the ty anny of fashion will bo most seFerply felt, When he has to clothe the gap between his w*istceat and his belt. And if at future dsmcea you have not the . . polished p rimp, Youll find 3 our self outrivalled by some stylish stamper chump. So let us drop a tear upon the grave of happy daye, When we had our social meftings, with their free and tasy ways. Then the " Club " piano mingled with a burst of merry song. And the boys sang "Monte Carlo " with a chorus forty strong. But timeB have changed the fashions, and , fashions alter man; That we should «iange our garment is a part of Nature'S plan. So burn the old " Crimean," and the moleskin cast away: The " topper" is amongst us, and it seems it's come to Btay. # * * At the exhibition billiard match fi^ven last Saturday evening in Power's new saloon, the genial Harry demonstrated a hitherto unknown medical fact. At the adjournment lor whiBky, Power stood with an unfinished break of twenty-one. A fter the embrocation had been successfully applied, Power, before going -down in an easy hazard, increased his effort to eighty-four, thus proving that whisky is the prescription for breaks as well as sprains. # # * Across the moon the midnight clouds were flying in a fleece. The populace was .hushed to sleep, the township lay in peace ; The sound of gentle slumb'ring came from . each and every side, And "Nature's sweet restorer" seemed alone to, me denied. 'The moon had bathed the silent street in ' strange unwonted light, -When far from out the shadows came a weird form in white ! The ghostly form mysterious .with swift and noiseless tread, Seemed but a phantom of the past, a pilgrim from the dead. Attracted by a subtle spell I dared not . disobey, I followed wh-re the figure bent its wild mysterious way. Perhaps the ghost of some fcrave heart who Nature's warning bravwd And left his bones to whiten where the rams primeval waved, "Had virited this «arth again, and marvelled much to find The busy hum of commerce where once enly blew the wind. My heart's best courage summoning, 1 bid the vision white , Explain hiB earthly mission there at witching hour of night. Then as -he turned, a vapoury mist arose before my eyes, , And, -dipping in his can, he cried, (Jt pies > all'ot ! 'Ot pies /" M'Henry Clark, LisBinrm & Co., one of the bt-8t-knoY7n fiima in the colony, have opened cut in -premises dreetly opposite TRH MINBB office with a collection thst embraces everything necessary tr> life and comfort, as a visit to their spacious establishment will testify. It is one of the most prominent buBineeg plaees in Bayleyfi^REAT. 