the mystery of clement BY JEAN M1DDLEMAS, AothVof "AGirliaa Tiiouaana," ' Touch and Go,u," Sealed by -a ffiga," "By Fair Means," etc.1 „ the doob otened and the butlee announced— 41 me hebce vaudhan'" CHAPTER VI.— (Continued.) " When you return to Coleshill what do you mean to do ?" Sir Miles asked at last, rather suddenly, and Lisbeth looked very hot and shy &b; she stammered out that she did not Would it not be as well to sell or let the ottage and take a situation?" he asked. 'Lady Maroia Foljambe or Lady Gertrude DuDraven would, I am sure, interest them- selves U1 UUWU11U wuv ivi j van. Lisbeth shivered from head to foot, as if a sndden gust of oold wind had entered the room in whioh she sat. Lady Gertrude Dm- raven interesting herself for her ; great heavens it was more than she oould bear ! She managed, however, to suppress her emotion, and to say — " I do not know it I could go to Bervice. I sun not accustomed to other people's ways, and I have never been indued." " You are not too old to learn, and you are clever and quiok," be said, laughing. 41 But have you formed no plan for your future lifer' " Perhaps I might nurse siok people or take in children to bring up. I should lite to stay on at the cottage, but it all depends on " " On what ? be asked, Btill thinking she cad learnt about her father ; whereas she was thinking of Clement. 41 Well, on a hundred and fifty things, "she answered. 44 1 can settle nothing until I get home and have righted the old place up a bit. But it iB verv kind of you, Sir Miles, to interest yourself in me, and I feel truly grate ful to you." 41 You will let rae help you — if I can ?' he enquired, speaking earnestly. 44 Remember we are very old friends. I can recolleot yon as a tiny child when you used to tide about onold Josh's back, rromise you will let me Jielp you." The tears came into Lisbeth's eyes. 41 If you can help me 1 promise to ask you," ehe said, 44 bat I expect 1 shall just have to wo ft on tike other women. Mow I think I must be going. I have already taken up too much of ybnr time.' :. - She rose as she spoke, and putting on her gloves, while Sir miles pud the bill, they left tho restaurant together. Once in Oxford street they both unthink ingly looked round to see that her importun ate waylayer was not in eight. Be had departed, in all probability never again tcoroBS Lisbeth's path: but someone far more to be feared in the future met them face to faoe and stopped to speak in a jeering tone. The new-oomer was Pieroe Vaughan. CHAPTER VII.— Raibinq a Ghost. It is the month of roses- Glorious eunny June. The gardens round Atoyne Court are radiant with perfume and the house, too, is filled with sweet fragrance, for Lady Ger trude worships beauty in all its forms, and rofeep are her especial passion. Curious old china howls from almost every known pottery manufacture both in and oat of Europe, stand about in unexpected nooks and corners and are filled everywhere with the queen of flowers. But in the library is the greatest piofuaion. It is Lady Gertrode's favorite room, and it was Sir Louis', perhaps for the reason that it is the sunniest in the house, and from it, French windows open on to a terrace, beyond which lies the lawn and a panorama of fer tile Fcenery stretching far away for miles. The library is scarcely, however, the staid, boekwormy room it was before the old baronet died. With new heirship have come new ways and, Sir Clement professing him self to be absolutely indifferent as to what hanges aro made, Lady Gertrude has filled the room with her woman's knick-knacke, al most to the obliteration of the ponderous tomes which still hold their own on the book- Selves. It ie in the library that Lady Ger trude receives her intimates for five o'clock tea, the drawingroom being reserved for gala Ays, of whioh as yet there had been none. „ Sir Clement is averse to any large gather- giving as an exouse, the plea that it is too poos as yet after his uncle's death for them to invite their friends, except quite quietly. Iu this no one can gainsay him, yet it is scarcely Clement Dunraven's real motive for objecting to soolety. The faot is he is a bAoged man since his marriage, is perpetu ally starting at ehadows, and vine intercourse with his fellows, in which he used to delight, now frightens tim. He skulks about tho grounds for the most part alone, and is the very shadow of the onoe genial Clement, in spite of his accession to wealth and title and the faot of his being the Pffcseeeor of the most charming little wife in 11 the country-side. Everyone notioee the change, even Lady Gertrude, so backward, as a rule, to think S? &aght; Amiss with her Clement. They are standing together at the library fadow, looking out over those broad acres Which are all his sow. Her hand is on his Ifa fee <0B 9X0 nP into " What ails yon, Clem darling, I feel sure 1 yon have some worry. Why not confide f y ar own Gerty P You will never have a Jjjeor more sympathetic friend than your ''There ii nothing the matter, Gerty. J- have told you a hundred times. What a nuisanoe it is to ask these foolish ques tions." ®he shook her head and pretended not to "frAtta irritability of manner by whioh these were aooompanied. You are deceiving me, yon naughty Jfr®?- If nothing Is worrying you, why VBnot you cheery and laughing, as you used I suppose because I have responsibilities which. I bad not. then. One cannot be a boy, my child. A good deal de- nMson me now whioh, I had not to think of U 'ot£e Hint I am a She turned from him with a pout. , Tbatls just it; you are sorry you married' Tm.n Ia fcOT1 regretting it." tet oould he say ? How answer 861 this unexpected outburst. Was it not the truth 1 His answer somewhat astonished her, it seemed to come so really from his heart. 44 Gerty, never, never say that again. Un less you wish to make me too horribly on- happy, never upbraid me by saying I regret the day I married you." And yet, did he not regret it more and more, eaoh hour he lived? Ay, regretted it the more intensely because he was learn ing to love, after a fashion, this dainty, bewitching little Gertrude, who loved him so well. She was not the passionate desire of his heart, as had been Lisbeth, nor oould he ever teel that ardent longing for any other woman ; still, he loved sweet Gertrude. And by the strange anomalous crooked ness of hie nature it was Lisbeth not Ger trude whom he had of late begun to regard as the intruder. If the truth ever came out, he would lose Gertrude— there lay his fear. He oould trust Lisbeth, ay, to the death ; then why need he quake ? Yet it would be better if she were dead — she and her child, whose existence was such a reproach and re morse to him. Could he be a really happy man until they were both laid in their graves. Each day he was more and more impressed with the feeling that release from suffering would only come with their deaths, and yet there seemed no chance of either of them dying. They were both well and strong. He must bear his burden as lightly as he oould, and make life as happy as possible for the dear confiding little wife who had trusted him so completely that she had asked no questions about bis past. It was therefore a terrible shock to him to discover that she fancied he regretted his marriage. He did not regret it ; was not Lady Ger trude the woman In the right place, far more fitted to be chatelaine of Aboyne Court than the lowly Lisbeth ? He could be perfectly happy and contented with his lot If fear ana remor&feTrnoBe-vwia; mild. not. obtrude themselves so freely and render his life one long agony. And if Gertrude's voice were to be mingled upbraidingly with these ceaseless reminders, life would become utterly unbearable. Hence the sharp cry he uttered in answer to her suspicions. Sue knew at onoe that she had wounded him, and tears of Borrow and repe&tanoe; came into the eyes that gazed into his. 44 My Clem, my beloved," she said, 41 for give me. It was mere foolishness that made me speak so. You have spoilt me until I have grown reckless of speech and taunted you with, what I know does not exist. For give me — you will'" Her arms were about his neck and his head drawn dowii to her level, so that she could imprint a loving kiss on his lips, when the door opened and the burly butler an nounced — 44 Mr Pieroe Vaughan." Always, as usual, on the wrong spot ai the wrong moment, Pierce Vaughan walked in with the stereotyped Mephistophelean smile whioh usually irradiated his sinister counte- , nanoe. The husband and wife sprang asunder, both thoroughly annoyed. To be caught spooning by Pierce Vaughan was another drop added to Clement's cup of bitten, while Lady Gertrude, who, owing to his assumed air of superiority was always a little bit afraid of Pierce, writhed under the oonvictaon that he was laughing at her for being a little fool. So he was, but for a very different reason to any little Lady Gertrude would ever have guessed. He did not appear to have notieed anything unusual on his entrance, and held out his hand to the present owners of Aboyne Court with muoh apparent cordiality. 44 We have not seen you for some time, Pierce," said Sir Clement a little drearily. ,4 Where are you staying ?" 44 At Lady Harcia Foljambe's. She is the only individual about here who ever invites me now Sir Louis is dead. 44 What a reproach, "cried Lady Gertrude, " unmerited, too, for we have been away so much, and are scarcely Bet-tied here even now. Of course, you know you are as weloome now as you were in Sir Louis' time. Are you not Clement's cousin V" She looked round at her husband expecting him to endorse this almost gushing welcome, but Bhe was disappointed by the very cool manner in which he said : 41 Very glad to see you, Pieroe." He would not have said it at all If he had not been absolutely compelled, and no one knew Mb better than Pieroe, although he smiled and showed his white teeth and to all outward appearance accepted in all good faith, the very general invitation that had been given him. For a few minutes they all three talked oordially enough on topics of interest in con nection with their neighbors. Then, lady Gertrude having rung for tea, Sir Clement roee when it came in and said, not being a tea-drinker he would leave Pierce to her tender mercies as he wished to give his bailiff eome orders before the men left off work. Had Sir Clement Donraven been a man who thought seriously before ho aoted, he would probably not have been weighted by the heavy load of trouble which now op- firessed him, and very certainly it was not the east foolish thing be ever did when he left Pieroe Vaughan alone with Lady Gertrude ; sot that Pieroe had any idea of making love to her, although he had professed himself to be one of her sol tors before marriage. He was far too careful a man to commit himself by a flirtation, with another man's wife, but there are other ways of ruining conjugal peaoe besides love- making. He had had a long walk and was rather tired, he remarked, and the lady having nothing to do but amuse and be amused, thev nettled themselves down for a good chat about everything and every body. What Pieroe Vaughan said, he would pro bably never bave sua if the opportunity had not been, as it were, made for him. He cer- tainly had had no intention of doing more than what he called 41 look up his relations" when he started for a visit to Aboyne Court. Clement. Donraven had given him one lead by going indiscreetly away ; Lady Gertrude gave him a Beoond by an unwary question. 41 Do you not think Clement is very ohanged, and looks as if he had eome terrible worry?" she asked as she handed him his second oup of tea. 44 1 have seen very little of him since his marriage,'' replied Mr Vaughan, 44 but I cannot help recognising the faot that he is changed." 44 He says it is the responsibility of being a landlord that weighs upon him." 44 Oh ! I should not have given Clement credit for having soruples." 44 What do you mean ? All oooscientioaa people must have soruples at timee." 44 And you consider Clement to be very oonsoieutious — oomdenoe is not, as a rule, a highly- developed masculine quality." 44 Oh, Mr Vaughan! How can you talk ao?" He laughed oymoally. Believe me, Lady Gertrude, we are all sad dogs, and I don't fancy Clem is any better than the rest of us. At any rate, he never used to be. What reformations you have brought about, of course, I am no judge of, but for the present I am not inclined to believe in them." Lady Gertrude looked very serious, and for a moment or twodid not speak ; then 6he said : 41 1 wonder what you mean, and I wonder now what Clement meant when he told me on the evening that he asked me to be his wife, that he was not a man I ought to trust. And that if I did so, it was at my own risk." 44 Clement told you this?" And Pierce Vaughan seemed oxoeedingly surprised and momentarily startled out of his sang froid he unconsciously drew his nhftir a few paces nearer his hostess. 44 He did. But why does it astonish you so much ?" 44 1 did not think — well, to tell the truth, I did not think he would have dared." 44 Hot dare to tell me. You forget he was asking me to be his wife." 44 There are some episodes in a man's life, dear Lady Gertrude, that a wife is the very last person to be told of. I, for in«fnn«A should never bave made any referenoe to Clement's past if he had not done so him self." 44 You know, then— know that there is something worrying Clement, and about whioh he will not be explioit ?" 44 1 can imagine that it may be so." 44 Add you will tell me whiat it is, bo that 1 may use all the means in my power to ro- movethis annoyance ?" 44 You?" 44 Do not say you in that tone, Mr Vaughan. Is it so very strange that I should wish to make my husband happy ?' 44 Impossible. It is quite impossible for yoa to do anything in this matter. Besides, unless Clement tells you the whole troth himself I will certainly not do so. I could not betray confidence." 44 1 will ask him the first time I have an opportunity," Bhe said natively, as though sue fully expected that to ask was to receive the information she wanted. Pieroe Vaughan smiled and wondered what sort of an explanation her inquiries would call forth. Very certainly he himself could not have given a full one since he knew no more of Clement's affairs than that to which some suspicions pointed. It was therefore not onlv wise, but imperative that he should deal in unuendoee. 44 There was a letter onoe," went on Lady Gertrude, murmuring almost to herself, 41 1 would not read it ; it came the day before our marriage." 44 A letter!" And in spite of himself a blush spread over his usually pallid faoe. She did not notice, however. She was too much engrossed by the subject that was so near to her. 44 Yob, it was signed by a woman ; I forget the name and was accompanied by one from an anonymous well-wisher. I gave them to Clement and he burnt them both. Yon see I could not in honor accept any anonymous oommnnioation. Fancy setting snob a low, cowardly warning in the dark against Clement's truth." 14 And he explained the matter ?" 44 Of course. He said all men had had their youthful eeoapodes; that he was no hatteror worse than others. Just what yon say yourself, Mr Vaughan, that It does cot do for a wife to pry too closely. I am sure I am not ourious, and if Clement did not look so unhappy and worried I should not &8k a single question about hie past. I do wish you would help me to put everything quite right for him." 44 1 would do a great deal for you, Lady Gertrnde, but in this matter I do not see how I can help yon. Yon are evidently not aware that Clement, although-he is my first cousin, entertains no friendly feeling towards me. Why, I oannot say, since we have been more or lees brought up together, unless from the fact that I know more about his affairs than quite pleaeeB him." 14 1 am sure Clement would never dislike you for this, if you are good and kind to him," oried Lady Gertrude, warmly. fierce Vaughan shrugged his shoulders. 44 There is, perhaps, another reason," he said, 44 why Clement does not especially affeot me. You know the old lines, Forgiveness to the injured does belong Hut those ne'er pardon who hare done the tfroug." 44 And how does that apply to Clement ?" 44 If Clem had not undermined my position with my uncle, I should not be the pauper I am to-day." 44 Oh, Mr Vaughan, how unjust, Clement is incapable of doing such a thing, I bave heard him several times express his regret that you had not a larger sum of money left you, and that he should like to make it up." 44 Mere words, dear Lady Gertrude. It is very likely that he would give money to me when be married yon in order to get this plaoe and the fortune. Sir Louis insisted on the marriage ; if he had refuged he would have been disinherited." Lady Gertrude became orimson, then deadly pale, so much so that fierce got frightened and thought he had gone too far and hastily began eating his words. 44 1 don't say he did not care for you, >dear Lady Gertrude ; what man could do other wise " 44 Enough, Mr Vaughan,' cried Lady Ger trude, drawing herself up with dignity, we have already talked too much about Clement and his affairs." This wound to her self-pride reminded her keenly of her wifely duty. Ho forthwith aooepted the dismissal of the subject. He knew as well aB she did that enougn had been said to leave a far deeper wound than Lady Gertrude had any idea of ; only one thing more he must do, be most take care of himself. He rose to take his leave ; as she gave him her hand, he beat over it — 44 1 will never say another word about these matters," he said, 41 unless you begin the conversation, and I do hope you will make me one promise." 44 What is it ?" 44 Never to tell Clement of our talk to-day. Do not sow farther dissension between us by giving him cause to dislike me. I spoke in confidence whioh I already regret, since I am striving my utmost to forgive Clement any injuryhe may have done me, and I do so wish that we may all be good friends — You will promise?" 14 i promise, Mr Vaughan. I would not make any mischief between you and Clement for ail the world." He kissed the little hand he still held, and without further observation went away to stroll back across the fields to Lady Maroia Foljambe's. For a long half hour after he left her Lady Gertrnde sat very still and looked as white and soared as if she had seen a ghost. And eo, indeed, she had, a ghost that woold stalk by her side, nor leave her during the rest of her pilg rimage. Can there be a drearier or more cheerless companion of our way than suspicion of one we love. One, too, that etioketh olose, for neither by night nor day does the treacherous fear ever desert us. When Pieroe Vanghan introduced this ever-stalking fiend into Lady Gertrude's, until now, happy oonfiding life, was he not committing a moral , murder that should be subject as an aotual one to the utmost rigor of the law ? Nor was he any the happier for his base innuendoes, to judge from his faoe and look as he satin tered slowly across the fields. He bad sown the seed of dissension that might bring Clement Dunraven's ruin, yet he scarcely felt the Satanic triumph he ex pected. It was rather a nanBeous feeling of dread lest he himself should be oanght in his own net, that panned him and made him al most regret that he had been beguiled into this talk with Imdy Gertrude. Then he roused himself with a strong effort and tried to rid himself of the oppressive fears, for was he not playing for a large stake ? Sir Louis Dunraven's will was a strange one. No one knew its power and value better than pieroe Vaughan, rich as he waq in a lawyerilike acumen The oontents of the will had been, by Clement's desire, kept oonoealed from Lady Gertrnde, or she would have known what she had learnt as news to- day, that Clement would have forfeited Aboyne Conrt and its concomitant fortune if he had not married the only daughter of the Earl of Melbury. The marriage had taken plaoe and the disposal of the old baronet's fertunehad been arranged— Sir Miles Berkeley being exeentor —with the family lawyer ; what need was there for Pierce Vaughan to meddle 1 He had merely left him £5,000 as a legacy, whioh Pierce regarded as a mere pittance, and made no further mention of his name. Like many another clever man, Sir Louis had considerably overshot his mark in fhfo will. All his wisdom seemed to have gone forth in making honest Sir Miles Berkeley his executor ; he did not seem to recognise that, as circumstances alter cases, tbe posi tions of the two cousioB would change, and that bad blood, unless they were absolutely saints, must be theoutoome of this testamen tary document. There was yet another clause in the will, more perplexing and oaloulated to produce greater difficulties than that of the enforced marriage ; it was to the effect that, should Clement Donraven at any time become divorced from Lady Gertrude, by any fault of his own, the estates were to pass away from him to his son and heir if lie had one, if not, to Pierce Vaughan as next of kin. Sir Louis Donraven, with all hie shrewd ness, had soaroelyitaken then the measure of his pet nephew, his sister's bod, or he would scarcely have Uft such an instrument in the hands of a man as sordid and cunning as was Fierce Vaughan. Base and degenerate as had been Clement Dunraven's act he was by nature not nearly ao wicked a man as his cousin. Clement's vices were tne result of weakness, he could not resist temptation, whereas the other hod a splendid facility for conducting intrigue and, given a sufficient time fur development, would probably not Btop at crime. Up to the present moment, however, Clement had outwitted bis clearer- headed cousin, for he was far from discovering the secret of what was really darkening the life of the present owner of Aboyne Court. About half a mile from the house the two men passed each other, only a hedge between them, but neither wished to speak. Pieroe felt keenly alive to the mischief he had done bis oousin daring the last half how, and Clement never cared to look Vaughan in the face. He was always afraid of how muoh he t knew and to a certain extent gave him credit for guarding a silence, which he most assuredly would not have maintained for ten minutes. Whether he felt as sure about this silence when he reached home and found Lady Gertrude looking pale and somewhat red about her pretty eyes, is ; doubtful. But he could not learo the cause of her depression. She would not give her new suspicion words ; it was as yet too young to be altogether a tangible form ; she must wait and watch. Meantime she was tender and loving to her Clement. She would not be prejudiced against him simply on Pierce Vaugnan's testi mony, for, womanlike, though, when absent Bhe had almost believed him false, no sooner did she look into bis face than her heart went forth to him and seemed to tell her that he was true. Still from that hour henceforth their re lations must be somewhat strained, and how ever muoh tenderness for eaoh other might at times babble npinto their hearts, yet the ghost would never be laid. On the table in the library, near where Lady Gertrnde sat, eome letters had been pUn«d by the footman, whan he removed the tea. They were all addressed to Sir Clement, and one of them was in the hand writing of Lisbeth Glendinning. At first Sir Clement guiltily thooght that this letter might have occasioned his wife's trouble, that she had recognised Beta's writing. He tore it open, angry with Lisbeth for sending to him thus openly, but having read the missive, his brow oleared, and he tosBed it to Lady Gertrude ! (to be continued.) 