THAT HOUSE IN BLOOMSBURY. By MRS. OLIPHANT, Author' of 'The Son of His Father,' 'The Sorceress,' 'Within the Precincts,' ' Young Musgrave,' 'Oliver's Bride,' 'A Rose in June,' &c; Published by special arrangement witb the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter XX IL The evening passed, however, without any further revelations. Miss Bethune explained to the young man, with all the lucidity of a man of business, the situation and require ments .of that 'property in the North,' which would give returns, she believed, of various kiuds not always calculated ia balance- sheets if it was looked after by a man who would deal with it 'as if it were his own.' The return would be something in money and rents, but much more in human comfort and haDniness. Sha had nev«r had the courage to tackle that problem, she said, and the placu had been terrible to her, full of associations which would be thought of no more if he were there. The result was that young Gordon went away thoughtful, some what touched by the feeling with which Miss Bethune had epokfn of her poor crofters, somewhat roused by the thought of 4i the north,' that vague and unknown country whioh was the country of hia fathers, the land of brown heath and fihaggy wood, the country of Scott, which is, after all, distinction enough for any well-conditioned stranger. Should he try that strange new opening of life suddenly pub before him? The unknown of itself has a charm — ' If the pass were dangerous known, The danger's cell were lore alone.' He went back to the hotel with at least a new project fully occupying all his thoughts. On the next evening, in the dusk of the sum mer night, 'Miss Bethune was in ber bed chamber alone. She had no light, though she was a lover of the light and had drawn up the blinds as soon as the young physician who prescribed a darkened room had disappeared. She had a habit of watching out the last de partiog raye of light and loved to sit in the gloaming, as she called it, reposing from all the cares of the day in that meditative moment. It was a bad sign of Miss Bethune' g state of mind when she called early for her lamp. She was seated thus in the dark, when young Gor don came in audibly to the sitting-room, introduced by Gilchrisb, who told him her mistrets nrould be with him directly, but, knowing Miss Bethune would hear what she said, did not come to call her. The lamps were lighted in. that room and showed a little out line of light through the clinks of the door. Site smiled to herself in the dark, with a beatitude that ought to have lighted up the darkness, as she listened to the big movements of the young man in the lighted room next door. He had seated himself under Gilchrist's ^ministrations, but when ehe went away he got op and moved about, looking, as Miss Bethune Sivined, at the pictures on the walls and the *books and little silver toys on the tables. He made more noise, she thought to herself proudly, than a woman does ; filled the space more, seemed to occupy and fill out every thing. Her countenance and her beartr ex pjaided in the dark. She would have liked to peep at bim through the crevice of light round the door, or even tbe keyhole, to see him when he did not know she was looking; to read the secrets of his heart in his face. There were none there, she said to herself, with an effusion of happiness whioh brought the tears to her eyes ; none there which a mother should be afraid to discover. The luxury of sitting there holding ber breath, hearing him move, know ing him so near, was so sweet and so great that she sat, too blessed to move, taking all the good out of that happy moment before it should fleet away. Suddenly, however, there came a dead silenoe. Had he sat down again? Had he gone out on the balcony ? What had become of him? She sat breathless, wondering, listen ing for the next sound. Surely he had stepped outside the window to look out upon the Bloomsbury-street and the waving of the trees in the square and the stars shining overhead. Not a sound — yet, yes, there waa something. What was it ? A faint, stealthy rustling, not to be called a sound at all, rather some stealthy movement to annihilate sound — the strangest contrast to the light firm step that had come into the room and the free movements whiob ehe had felt to be bigger than a woman's. Miss Bethune in the dark held her breath ; fear seized possession of her, she knew not what; her heart sank she knew not why. Oh, his, father — bis father was not a good man 1 ? The rustling continued, very faint ; it might have been a email animal rubbing against the don* She mt bolt qpigfct ia Jw «hNft motionless, eilent as a waxen image, listening. If perhaps, after all, it should be only one of the little girls, or even the cat rubbing against the wall idly on the way downstairs. A troubled smile came over her face, her heart gave a throb of relief. But then the sound changed and Miss Betbune's face again grew rigid, her heart stood still. Some one was trying very cautiously, without noise, to open the door ; to turn the handle without making any sound required some time; it creaked a little and theu there was silence — guilty silence, the pause of stealth alarmed by the fainsesb noise, then it began again. Slowly, slowly, the handle turned round, the door opened, a hair's breath at a time. O Lord above ! his father— his father was an ill man. There was eomeone with her in the room — someone unseen, as she was swallowed up in the darkness, veiled by the curtains at the windows, which showed faintly a pale streak of sky only, letting in no light. Unseen, bub not inaudible — a hurried fluttering breath be traying him. and that faint sound of cautious, uneasy movement, now and then instantly, guiltily silenced, and then resumed. She could teel the stealthy step thrill the flooring, making a jar, which was followed by one of those com plete silences in which the intruder too held his breath, then another stealthy step. A thousand thoughts, a very avalanche, precipitated themselves through her mind. A man did not steal into a dark room like that if he were doing it for the first time. And his words last night. 'How do you know even that I am honest !' And then bis father — his father — oh, God help him. God forgive him ! — that was an ill man ! And bis upbringing in a country where lies were common, with a guardian that did him no justice and the woman that cut him off. And nob to know that he bad a creature belonging to him in the world to be made glad or sorry whatever hap pened I Ob, God forgive him, God help him ! the unfortunate, tbe miserable boy ! ' Mice all the same — mine all the same !' her heart said, bleeding, oh, that was no metaphor ! bleeding with the anguish, the awfui, immeasurable blow. If there was any light at all in the room it was a faint greyness, just showing in the midst of the dark the vague form of a little table againsb the wall and a box in a brown cover — a box — no, no, the shape of a box, but only something standing there, something, the accursed thing for which life and love were to be wrecked once more. Oh, his father — his father ! But bis father would Dot have dono that. Yet it was honester to take tbe trinkets, the miserable stones that would bring in money, than to wring a woman's heart. And what did the boy know ? He had never been taught, never had any example. God help him— God forgive him ! and mine — mine all the time ! Then out of the complete darkness came into that faint grey where the box was an arm — a. hand. It touched, nob calculating the distance, the Eolid substance with a faint jar and retired like a ghost, while she sat rigid, looking on ; then more cautiously, more slowly still, it stole forth again and grasped the box. I-.Iisa Bethune had settled nothing what to do, she had thought of nothing but the misery of it ; she bad intended, so far as she had any intention, to watch while the tragedy was played out — tbe dreadful acb accomplished. But she was a woman of sudden impulses, moved by Hashes of resolution almost inde pendent of her wilL Suddenly, more ghostlike still than bhe arm of the thief, she made a sudden movement for ward and pub her hand upon his. Her grasp seemed to crush through tho quivering, clammy fingers and she felt under her own the leap of the pulses, but the criminal was pre pared for every emergency and uttered no cry. She felt the quick, noiseless change of attitude, and then the free arm swing to strike her — heaven and earth ! to strike her, a woman twice his age, to strike her, his friend, his — She was a strong woman, m the fulness of health and courage. As quick as lightning ehe seized the arm as it descended and held him as in a grip of iron. Was it guilt that made him like a child in her hold ? He had a stick in hia hand,, shortened, with a heavy head, ready to deal a blow. Oh, the coward, the wretched coward ! She held him panting for a moment, unable to say a word, and then she called oub with a voice that was no voice, but a kind of misery, for 'Gilchrist, Gilchrist!' Gilchrisb, who was never far o5, who always had her ear open for her mistress, heard and came flying from up or down stairs with her candle, and some one else heard ib who was standing pensive on the balcony, looking out and wondering what fate had now in store for him, and mingling his thoughts with the waving of the trees and the nameless noises of the street. Which of them arrived first was never known, he from the other room throw ing wide the door of communication or ehe from the stairs with the impish, malicious light of that candle throwing in its sudden illumination as with a pleasure in the deed. The spectators were startled beyond measure to see the lady ic apparent conflict with a man, but they had no time to make any remarks. The moment the light flashed upon ber Miss Bethune gave a great cry. 'It's you, ye vermin !' she cried, flinging the furtive creature in her grasp from her against the wall and hail stunned him for bhe moment. And then Bhe stood for a moment, tier head bent back, her face without a trace of color, confronting the eager figure in the doorway, Rurroonded by the glow of the light, flying forward to help her. ' O God, forgive me ! ' she cried, ' God, forgive me, for 1 am an ill woman, but I will never forgive myself !' The man who lay against the wall, having dropped there on the floor with the vehemence of her action, perhaps exaggerating the force that had been used against him, to excite pity — for Gilchriet, no mean opponent, held one door, and that) unexpected dreadful apparition of the young man oub of the lighted room bearing down upon him, filled the other — was Alfred Hesketb, white, miserable, and cowardly, huddled up in a wrebched heap, with furtive eyes gleaming and the heavy headed stick furtively grasped, still ready to deal an unexpected blow, had he the oppor tunity, though he was at the same time rub bing the wrist that held it, as if in pain. Young Gordon had made a hurried step towards him, when Miss Bethune put out her hand. She had dropped into a chair, where she. sab printing for breath. ' Wait,' Bhe said, 'wait till I can speak.' 'You brute!' cried Harry, 'how dare you come iu here? What have you done to frighten tbe lady T He was interrupted by a strange chuckle of a laugh from Miss Bethune's panting threat. 'It's rather o?e, I'm thinking, that's frightened him,' she said. 'Ye wretched vermin of a creature, how long did ye know? What told\\\ye in your meeserable mind thab there was something here to steal? And ye would have etruuk me — we that am dealing out to ye your daily bread ! No, my dear, you're not to touch bim ; don't lay a linger on him. The Lord be thanked — though God forgive me for thanking Him for the wickedness of any man !' Uow enigmatical this all was to Harry Gordon and how little be /xmld imagine any clue to the mystery ib is needless to say. Gil christ) herself thought her mistress was tem porarily out of her mind. She was quicker, however, to realise what had happaned than the young man, who did not think of the jewels nor remember anything about them. Gihhriet looked with anxiety at her lady's white face and gleaming eyes. ' Take her into the parlor. Master Harry,' she said, 'she's just done out, aud I'll send for the police.' ' You'll do nothing of the kind, Gilchrist,' said Mies Bethune. ' Get up, ye creature. You're not worth either man or woman's while ; you bave no more fusion than a cat. Geb up and be gone, ye poor, weak, wretohed, cowardly vermin, for that's what ye are. and I thank the Lord with all my heart that it was only you ! Gilchrist, stand away from the door and let the creature go.' He rose, dragging himself up by degrees, with a furtive look at Gordon, who indeed looked a still less easy opponent than Mobs Bethune. 'I take that gentleman to witness,' he said, ' as there's no evidence against me but just a lady's fancy, and I've been treated very bad, and my wrist broken for aught I know, and bruised all over, and I ? ' Miss Bethune stamped her foot on the floor. ' Begone, ye born liar and robber !' she said. ' Gilchrist will see ye off the premises ; and mind you never come within my sight again. Now, Mr. Harry, as she calls ye, I'll go into the parlor, as she says ; aud the Lord that only knows the wickedness that has been in my mind, forgive me this night ! And it would be a comfort to my heart, my bonnie man, if you say Amen.' ' Amen with all my heart,' said the young man, with a smile, ' but eo far as I can make out, wickedness ia to be far too good and for giving. What did the fellow do '( I confess I should not like to be called a vermin, as yon called him freely, but if he came with intent to steal he should have been handed over to the police, indeed he should.' ' I am more worthy of the police than him if ye, but knew, but heaven be praised you'll ne'ver know. I mind now, he came with a message when I was playing with these wretohed diamonds like an old fool, and be must have Been or scented them with the ?oreeminal instinct Dr. Roland speaks about.' She drew a long breath, for she had not yet recovered from the panting of excitement, and then told her story, the rustling without, the openingof the door, the hand extended to the box. When she had told all this with muoh vividness, Miss Bethune suddenly Btopped, drew another long breath, and dropped back upon the sofa where she was sitting. It was not her way ; the lights bad been dazzling and confusing her ever sinceJhey blazed upon her by tbe opening of toe tm doors and the over whelming horror aid Wetted bat tremendous revulsion of feeing wJiica had passed in succes sion over her bad bwo more tban her strength, already undernua^ /hy^citement, could bear. H,er breKktk b6rTOfHfftfBnhaflfl| hot fif & pfloafld to ebb away in a moment, leaving only a pals shadow of her fallen back upon the cushions. Once more Harry was tbe master of the situation. He had seen a woman faint before, which was almost more than Gtlohrist with ail her experience had done, and he had the usual remedies at bis fingers' ends. But this was not like the usual easy faints over in a minute to which young Gordon had been accustomed, and Dr. Kol&nd; had to bo summoned from below and a thrill of alarm had run through the house, Mrs. Simcox herself coming up from the kitchen with strong salts and feathers to burn before Miss Bethune came to herself. Tbe house was frightened and so at last waa the experienced Harry; bub Dr. Roland's interest and excitement may be said bo have been pleasurable. 'I have always thought this was what was likely. Fve been prepared for ib,' he said to himself as he hovered round the sofa. It would be wrong to suppose that he lengthened, or at least did nothing to shorten this faint for his own base purposes, that he might the better make out certain signs which he thought he bad recognised. But tbe facb was that nob only Dora had come from abovestairs but even Mr. Mannering had dragged himself down on the alarm that Miss Bethune was dead or dying, and that the whole household had gathered in her room or on the landing outside while she lay in com plicity (or not) with the doctor in thab long continued swoon which the spectators after* wards said lasted an hour or two, or even three hours, according to their temperaments. When ehe came to herself at last the scene upon which she opened her eyes was one which helped her recovery greatly by filling her with wrath and indignation. She lay in the middle of her room, in a strong draught, the night air blowing from window to window across her, the lamp even under its shade, much more the candles on the mantelpiece, blown about and throwing a wavering glare upon the agitated group, Gilchrist in the fore ground with her apron ab her eyes, and behind her Dora, red with restrained emotions, and Janie and Molly crying freely, while Mrr. Simcox brandished a bunch of fuming feathers, and Mr. Mannering peered over the landlady's head with his ' pince-nez' in securely balanced on his nose, and his legs trembling under him in a harmony of unsteadi ness bub anxiety. Miss Bethune's wrist was in the grasp of the doctor and Harry stood behind with a fan, which in the strong wind blowing across her from window to window struck the patient as ludicrously unnecessary. ' What is all this fuss about?' she cried, trying to raise herself up. 'There's no fuss, my dpar lady,' said the doctor ; ' but you must keep perfectly puiet.' 'Oh, you're there, Dr. Roland? Then there's one sane person. Bub for goodness' sake make Mr. Mannering fiit down and send all these idiots away. What's the matter with me, that I've to get my death of cold and be murdered with that awful smell, and even Harry Gordon behaving like a fool, making an air with a fan when there's a gale blowing? Go away, go avay.' ' You see thab our friend has come to her Eelf,' said the doctor. ' Shut the window, eomebody, the other will be enough ; and, my dear woman, for the sake of all that's good, take those horrid feabbers away.' ' I am murdered wibh the smell !' cried Miss Bethune, placing her bauds over her face. ' Bub make Mr. Mannering sit down, he's not fit to stand after his illness ; and Harry, boy, sib down too and don't drive me out o£ my senses. Go away, go all away !' The last to be got rid of was Dr. Roland, who assured everybody that the patieut was now quite well, but languid. ' You want to geb rid of me too, I know,' he said, 'and I'm going ; but I should like to see you in bed tirst.'' * ' You shall nob see me in bed, nor no other man,' said Miss Bethune. 'I will go to bed when I am disposed, doctor. I'm nob your patient, mind, at all events now.' 'You were half an hour since, but I'm not going to pretend to any authority,' said the doctor. 'I hope I know better. Don't agitate yourself anymore, if you'll be guided by me. You have been screwing up that heart of yours fax too tight.' ' How do you know,' ehe said, ' that I have got a heart at all?' ' Probably not from the sentimental point of view,' he replied, with a little fling of sarcasm ; ' but I know you couldn't live with out the physical organ and it's overstrained. Good- night, since I see you want to get rid of me. But I'll be handy downstairs and mind you come for me, Gilohrist, on the moment if she should show any signs again.' This was said to Gilchrist in an undertone as the doctor went away. Miss Bethune sab up on her sofa, still very pale, still with a singing in her ears and the glitter of fever in her eyes. ' You are not to go away, Harry,' she said. ' I have some thing to tell you before you go.' ' Ob, mem,' cried Gilchrist, ' for any sake not to- night.' ' Go away and bide away till I send for you,' cried the mistress. ' And, Harry, sit you down here by me. I am going to tell yon. a story. This night) has taught me many things. I might die, or I might be murdered for the sake of a few gewgaws that are nothing to me and go down to my grave with a burden on my heart. I want to speak before I die.' 'Nob to-night,' he cried. 'You are in no danger. I'll eleep here on the sofa by way of guard, and to- morrow you will send them to your bankers. Don't tire yourself any more to -night.' ' You are like all the rest and understand nothing about it,' she cried impatiently. 'It is just precisely now that I will speak and no other time. Harry, I am going to tell you a story. Ib is like most women's stories — about a young creature that was beguiled and loved a man. He was a man that had a fine outside and looked as good as he was bonnie, or at least this unfortunate thing thought so. He had nothing and ehe had nothing. But she was the last of her family and would come into a eool fortune if she pleased her.uncle that was the head of the name. Bub tbe uncle could not abide this man. Are you listening to me ? Mind, it is a story, but not in idle story, and every word tells. Well, she was sent away to a lonely country place, an old house with two old servants in it to keep her free of tbe man. But the man followed ; and in that solitude who was to hinder them seeing each other ? They did for a while every day. And then the two married each other, as two can do in Scotland thab make up their mind to risk it. and were living together in eec.-et in the depths of the Highlands, as I told you nobody knowing but the old servants that had been far fonder of her father than of the uncle that was bead of the house, and were faithful to her in life and death. And then there came terrible news that the master was coming back. That poor young woman — oh, she was a fool and I do not defend her — bad just been delivered in secret, in trouble and misery — for ehe dared not seek help or nursing bub what she got ab home — of a bonnie bairn ~ — she put oub her hand and grasped him by the arm — a boy, a darling, though she had him but for two days. Think if you can what that was. The master coming that had, so to speak, the power of life and death in his hands, and the young subdued girl that be had put there to be in safety, the mother of a son.' Miss Bethune drew a long breath. She silenced the remonstrance of the lips of her hearer by a gesture and went on— \ 'It was the man, her husband, that she thought loved her, that brought the news. He said everything was lost if it should be known. He bid her to be brave and put a good face upon it for his sake and the boy's. Keep her fortune and cling to her inheritance she must, whatever happened, for their sake. And while she was dazed in her weakness and could not tell what to think, he took the baby oat of her arms and carried him away. ' Harry Gordon, that's five-and-twenty ' years ago, and man or bairn I have never seen einue though I did that for them. I dree'd my weird for ten long years— ten years of mortal trouble — and never said a word and nobody knew. Then my uncle died, and the money, the terrible money, bought with my % life's blood, became mine. And I looked for him then to come back. But he never came back nor word nor sign of him. And my eon — the father, I had discovered what he was, I wanted never to hear his name again — but my son — Harry Gordon, thafs you. They may say what they will, but I know better. Who should know if not the mother that bore you? My heart went out to you when I eawyoru Smr and yours to me. You'll not tell me that your heart did not speak for your mother? Ik is you, my darling, it ia you !' He had staggered to his feet, pale, trembling, and awestricken. The sight of her emotion, the pity of her story, the revolt and resistance in his own heart were too much for ? him. ' 1 1' he cried. Chaptee XXIII. ' Harry Gordon passed tbe night upon Mia sofa in Miss Bethune's sitting-room.- It waa his opinion that her nerves were bo shaken and her mind so agitated that the consciousness of having someone at hand within call in case of anything happening was of tbe utmost conse quence. I don't know that anyone else in the house entertained these sentiments, but it was an idea in whioh he could not be shaken, his experience all tending in that way. As a matter of fact hie nerves were scarcely less shaken than he imagined hers to be. Hu mother! Was that his mother who called good-night to him from the next room ? who held that amusing 'colloquy with the doctor through the dosed door, defying all inter ferenoe and bidding Dr. Roland look after his patient upstaira and leave her in peaos with Gilchmt, who was better than any doctor! Was that his mother? His heart beat with* strange confusion, bat made no answer. And bis thoughts went over all the details with an involuntary im&m;*™v, JNo, there ' was no voice of natuee;«^e^^^ondly hoped, nothing bat ^- -S&55ftdn«e - to kind words and a idnd^Pfa^^^ftitt towards this old Scotch #Wffij»fflHP» lie had thought wi* a amtle iilfiWIW^W at something in Seott, and AenidStWftm at traction such as belongs to 1hiSmmi0m,we may have town ia ws» VnwMmP****! What a strange fate was his, to be drawn into one circle after another, on« family after Another, to which he had no right ! And how was he to convince this lady, who was so de termined in her own way of thinking that he had no Tight, no title, to consider himself her son? But had he indeed no title? Was she likely to make such a statement without proof that it waa true, without evidence? He thought of her with a kind of amused bnt by no means disrespectful admiration, as phe had stood flinging from her the miserable would-be thief, the wretched, furtive creature, who was no match for a resolute and dauntless woman. All the women Harry had ever known would have screamed or fled or fainted at Bight of a live burglar in their very bed chamber. She flung him off like a fly. like a reptile. That was not a weak woman, liable to be deceived by any fancy. She had the look in her eyes of a humau creature afraid of nothing, ready to confront any danger. And could she then be so easily deceived? Or waa it true, actually true? Was he the son — not of a woman whom it might be shame to discover, as he had always feared, but of a spotless mother, a person of note, with an established position and secure fortune? The land which he waa to manage, which she bad roused him almost to enthusiasm about, by her talk of crofters and cotters to be helped forward and human service to be done— was that land his own, coming to him by right, his natural place and inheritance? Was he no waif and stray, no vague atom in the world drifting hither and thither, but a man with an assured position, a certain home, a place in society? Hov different from going brick to South America and at the best becoming a laborious clerk where be had been the young master ! But he could not believe in it. He lay there silent through the short summer night, moving with precaution -upon the uneasy coach, which was too shore aud too small, but where the good fellow would have passed the night waking and dozing for anybody's comfort, even were it only an old woman's who had been kind to him. But was she his mother — his mother? He could not bti'ieve it — he could not, he could not ! Her wonderful speeches and looks were all ex plained now and went to his heart, bat they did not convince him or bring any enlighten ment into his. Was she the victim of an illusion, poor lady, self-deceived altogether? Or was there something in it or was there nothing in it? He thought of his father, and his heart revolted. His poor father, whom he remembered with the halo round him of childish affection, but whom he had learned to see through other people's eyes — not a strong man, not good for very much, but yet not one to desert a woman who trusted in him. But of the young man's thoughts through that long uneasy night there was no end. He beard whisperings and movements in the next room, subdued for hiB sake as he subdued his inclination to turn and toss upon his sofa for hers during half the night. And then when the daylight came bright into the room through the bars of the Venetian blind there came silence, just when he had fully woke up to the consciousness that life had begun again in a new world. A little later Gilehrist etole into bis room, bringing him a cup of tea. ' You most come upstairs now ; there's a room where ye will get some sleep. She's sound now and ,it's broad daylight and no fear of any dis turbance,' she said. ' I want no more sleep. I'll go and get a bath and be ready for whatever is wanted. He caught her apron as she was turning away — that apron on which so many hems had been folded. 'Don't go away,' he paid. 'Speak to me — tell me, Gilehrist, for heaven's Bake, La this true?' 'The Lord knows !' cried Gilchrist, shaking her head and clasping her hands ; ' but oh, my young gentleman, dinna ask me 1:) 'Whom can I ask?' he said. 'Surely, surely you, that have been always with her, can throw Borne light upou it Is it true?' ' It is true— true as death,' said the woman, ' that all that has happened to my dear leddy ; but oh, if you are the bairn, the Lord knows ; he was but two days old and he would have been about your age. I can say not a word but only the Lord knows. And there's nothing — nothing, though she thinks Eae, that speaks in your heart ?a He shook his head, with a faint smile upon his face. 'Oh, dinna laugh, dinna leueh. I canna bear it. Mr. Harry, true or no' true, it's woven in with every fibre o1 her heart. You have nae parents, my bonnie man. Ob, could ye no' take in upon ye, true or no' true. There's naebody I can hear of that it would harm or wrong- if ye were to accept it. And there's nssbody kens but me how good she is. Her exterior is maybe no' sae smooth as many, but her heart it is gold — oh, her heart it is 'gold ! For God's sake, who is the Father of all of us and foil of pietcy — such peety as a father hath unto his children dear— oh, my young man, lot ber believe it, take her at ber word .' Yon will make her a happy woman at the end of a1 her trouble and it will do ye nae harm.' ' Not if it is a fiction all the time,' he said, shaking his head. 'Who is to prove it's a fiction ? He would have been your age. She thinks you have your grandfather's een. Fm no' sure now I look at you but she's right. She's far more likely to be right than me, and now I look at you well 1 think I can Bee it. Oh, Mr. Harry, what harm would it do you ? A good home and a good in heritance and to make her happy. Is that no' worth while, even if maybe it were not what you would think perfidy truo?' ' It can't be half true, Gilchriat; it must be whole or nothing.' ' Weel, then, it's whole true, and I'll gang to the stake for it. Is she not the one that should know ? And if you were to cast her off the morn and break her heart ehe would still believe it till her dying day. Turn round your head and let me look at you a^ain. Ob. laddie, if I were to gang to the stake for in, you have — you have your grandfather's ten !' (To be continued. J ♦ 