THE REV. THOS. COOK'S MISSION. A HOLINESS MEETINa. Fbidat evening last in connsction with Mr. Cook's mission, wag set apart as a holiness night.: Piriegtreet Church, floor and galleries, was well filled. . There were a number of Wesleyan and other ministers present, as well as a good ep'inkling of Christians of other denominations. Mr. Cook came to the platform punctually at 7.30 accompanied by. the R°va. J. Berry, I. Rooney, J. Allen, and others. Mr. Cx>k gave out the hymn, fill for ft Heart to Praise my Gjd, which was well sung. Mr. Rooney offered prayer, at the close of which, still kneeling Mr. Cook began to sing— " Give me a heart like Thine, By Thy wonderful power, By Thy grace every hour Give me a heart like Tijine." This was sung three times, each time more s iftly than the last, and the third time as a prayer. Mr. Cook then repeated the Lord's prayer, in which he was followed by the congregation. The hymn, Oar Blest Redeemer e'er He breathed, was then sung after which Mr. Cook read the first chapter of the first epistle of John. The Rev. J. Berry then came forward with a pile of requests for grayer, some of these contained praise notes for blessing received in connection with the mission, the bulk of them were from parents for tho conversion of their children, from brothers for the conversion of their sisters, and vice versa. After all had been read, Mr. Berry in a few appropriate sentences laid the requests before God in prayer. Another hymn, Lord Jesus I long to be perfectly whole; then came the address based on 1 John, i. 7, " The blood of Jesus Christ His Son cleanseth us from all sin." As we listened to this address, delivered in a calm, deliberate manner, in simple yet often impassioned language, we began to understand Mr. Cook's singular power over an audience. The address was closely reasoned, aptly illustrated and the logic was irresistible. It was spoken rapidly and occupied nearly an hour in delivery so that we can give but a meagre outline in the space available. Mr. Cook began by saying that he agreed with John Fletcher, who held that merely being cleaased from sin wr.s a low state of grace. It was a negative condition, and simply the precursor of a we'l developed Christian character. (1) He would deal first with sin. To understand salvation, sin must be understood, no man could appreciate salvation till the need of his soul was discovered to him. Sin assumed two primary forms, guilt aad depravity. Guilt was wrong doing, depravity was inborn, inherited; that proneness to depart from God which all men manifested. God might forgive wrong doing, but he could not forgive our evil hearts. Guilt was removed by forgiveness, but depravity could only be removed by purgation ; a mother might forgive her child for soiling its pinafore but the stain on the pinafore could only be removed by being washed ; so what man needed was cleansing from heart sin. The word sin in the text meant sinfulness, this needed cleansing, it was this body of sin which needed to be removed. If weeds were cut off above ground they would sprout again; they must be rooted out. So it was God's plan to strike at the root of sin, to pluck up and destroy sinfulness in the heart. (2) The divine remedy was a " double cure." It both cleansed from guilt and made men pure. God required not only that men should not do the wrong thing, but that they should not even want to do it. A father said that he had cured his boy of stealing by tying his hands behind his back, but it was not \- the hands that stole, it was tho heart which committed the theft; the hands were but the instrument. To purpose to do wrong was to do wrong. What God meant to do was to take away the ' want' to do sin and to put into the heart the don't want' to sin. ' It was said that there was a point ( somewhere between the earth and. the moon where the earth's attraction was balanced by the moon's attraction, and where the pull was all upwards towards the moon, so when God cleansed the heart the downward tendency was overcome, and the attractions were all upwardjhejiyenward. All Christians were not jsaved from all sin. Paul had said, the spirit and the- flesh were contrary the one to the other. The majority of Christians found in. themselves & duality of nature, a sort of two-ness, if he might coin a word; evil still existed within, the old man was bound but not cast out. Many Christians spent half - their time fighting the evil within instead of getting the evil destroyed. In a certain coal mine in America there were two seams of coal, in the upper seam there was a large admixture of slate, in the lower there was ooal only with no admixture. The first seam represented the heart of the average Christian, in which there was an admixture of evil; the second the heart which had experienced the cleansing power of thei blood of Christ; from the latteir ali antagonisms against God had been cast out, thetemple had been cleansed, the Canaanites ejected. God's childrenivere spoken of as the pure in heart. Pure meant ;|mmixed, consisting of one-thing only, so'the pure id heart posessed all the graces of. the Spirit, and all the opposites of these were excluded, . God reigned without a rival. |ded a perfect salvation and a perfect Christians "were waiting for death •ist had-beguiL Death, however, f salvation, death only affected the M | M | n o t inhere in the body, but in the was not Binblifee^^b^ore death the event of death would effect no change. He wanted to impress upon them the fact, that tUe soul might be as completely sanctified here as. hereafter, men might be washed "whiter than snow" now. Could anything be whiter than snow? Analyses had proved that all snow contained! more or Jess dark matter, and the Psalmist was right when he said " Wash me and I shall be whiter than snow." The blood of Jesus could make the soul whiter than snow. There was no need to spend the time fighting with the evil within, when God had provided rest for the soul ; the rest of perfect love, perfect purity, perfect peace. As long as evil remained in tho heart there must be conflict, war. Bat if they earnestly sought cleausing, Gjl would exclude sin and give peace. How he loved - to preach a salvation like this. G >d only knew the sorrows some endured because they allowed the Canaanites to remain in the land, because they would not trust Christ to deliver them from all siu. Let them know that there was a power to conquer sin : the power of Jesus. If they would but truBt Him God would save -thorn, so that it would be as easy and natural to do right as it now seemed to be to do wrong. (3) Notice the fact that the blood of Jesus Christ cleansed. This meant that through the shedding of His blood Christ had procured pardon and reconciliation for all who believed. Salvation had been procuredthrough the shedding of Christ's blood ; when this was believed the Holy Ghost would come in and fill the soul with the life of God. Sin would then be excluded. To be filled with God meant to be emptied of sin, just as filling a room with light excluded the darkness. It was the will of God that the soul should be sanctified as well as justified. This cleansing came through the blood as well as forgiveness. Holiness meant health. All admitted the importance of having a healthy body, and it was not less important that the soul should be in health. Perfect holiness meant perfect health. When the heart was cleansed from sin it was entirely cleansed. Christ had provided cleansing, but we had not claimed it. He asked those who had trusted Christ for forgiveness to trust Him for cleansing Entire cleansing was not necessarily maturity. At conversion a.11 the Christian graces were imparted in germ ; so long as the old nature remained it was like weeds which retarded theri growth Cleansing was plucking up the weeds si that development might go on. Some people thought it was not well to develop too quickly ; they thought a little sin in the heart helped to keep them humble. If this were so why not have a great deal of sin in the heart, and so be very humble. The presence of sin in the heart did not help development. A little falseness would not help to develop truthfulness; a little anger would not help gentleness ; a little pride w->uld not help humility. A tree did not need a worm at the root to help it to grow. Cleansing was removing the hindrances, that the soul might have a chance to develop. God wanted to take away all obstructions so that our graces might develop. Mr. Cjok here related his own experience, and told how he was enabled to believe for cleansing. This was to him the beginning of a season of power and blessing. ueh an experience lifted the soul as much above the ordinary Christian experience as the Christian was above the unbeliever. This, however, was only a starting point, a preparation for development. He would define the condition of being cleansed as a state to be maintained. If they would keep on living they must keep on breathing.. So if they would maintain the state of being cleansed, they must keep on trusting; eventually believing became, as natural a habit as breathing. It was hard at first, but when the habit of trusting was maintained in time it became an almost involuntary attitude of the souljust as the needle alter being deflected turned again to the pole. This was not a mere theory. This cleansing had been experienced by thousands. How rich Methodism was in the biographies of men- who received power through faith in the cleansing blood of ^Christ. The witnesses were a great cloud. What a stir there would be if all the pulpits of the colony instead of being advocates boxes, became witness boxes to the truth of which he had been speaking. He asked those who had experienced this, cleansing to bear witness to others. To obtain this, experience was to enter Beulah land, which was a suburb of heaven, where the birds always san&whereth;^ sun-always shone and the flowers always bloomed, where the gates of heaven were in sight andwherethe music of the redeemed could be heard. They might have this cleansing if they would. All God's commands were enobling. If they would believe the cleansing would come. Just as air rushed'in to fill a vacuum so God would come in when sinWAS. past' out. He appealed to them to believe andfenter ini What hindered, was there anything which separated. I£ so it would be revealed to them, and must be put away. It might be that some indulgence stood in. the way, some habit, some idol. Let them seaxeTi their hearts and see. If nothing hindered let them tell God that they would accept His will without any condition; that they wduTt^ give up anything which He might want them to give up, th'ai tbe^ would do anything which he might want them to do. If they would surrender to God and determine at oil costs to be loyal to Him, He would <&me; and cleanse them. The closing portion of the addtess Was particularly solemn and heart searching; eponseB tortbe woi-ds o he tians in the audience s n edlo be ia the enihjmml of the experience de Jbed by Mr. CodkpNsfo-S noticed one lady who* med to be pn the top of the .(Delectable mountains, with heaven in full view. In xesponee to Mr. Cook's invitation at least fifty persons stood up to ibdicate their desire to seek the felessing of-entire e&tictification.; An after meeting ^followed, when many went into the enquiry rooms to rseek salvation. Mr. Cook said that those conversions which tookplaceatHoliness Meeting were often •thte most satisfactory. . JIU. COOK ON PBAYKR. Mr. Cook's mission continues to .command increasing audiences and awakens a deepening interest. On Sunday last the attendances were very large, especially in theevening. The young people's service in the ^afternoon was a most interesting occasion, and a large number of those present went into the enquiry room to be talked to and prajed with. On Monday the Rev. Jas. Allen, who conducted the midday prayer meeting, said that up to Sunday evening a total of .280 bad passed through the- enquiry room. The majority of these had been young men and young women, some of whom had decided for the first time, and others had come in to seek a higher blessing or to renew their first love. The midday prayer meetings "lave been well attended and have been times of blessing. On Tuesday Mr. Cook presided and gave a powerful address on Prayer. He said tbat in any perplexity or difficulty Christians should pray for guidance. God would hear and direct. At such -seasons we should pray and wait for impressions. These would come,and should be tested. Some of the tests to be applied were—Was the impression in accordance with the Word of God and with the will of God as -contained in His Word 1 Was it in accordance with reason ? Did it do no violence to one's own spiritual instincts ? And lastly, was it in harmony with providential circumstances ? When impressions received during prayer stood these tests it was safe to follow them. He had often in this way obtained valuable guidance in the crises of his life. Again, there should be definiteness in prayer. Some people were not definite. They asked in a vague manner for a lot of things without expecting anything. You always knew what they would say before they began. God did not call this prayer. He called it " much speaking." Daniel Quorn used to say that when he went to market he made a list of the things he wanted and got one thing at a time, and whan lie got it he struck that thing off his list, and asked for the next thing. Christians should ask for one thing at a time, and should keep asking for it till they got it. He asked £hem to be defiuite if they wished to receive answers to prayer. Then they were told that when they asked for anything they were to believe that they had it and they should receive it. Prayer was to be accompanied by faith. Faith included knowledge, assent, appropriation ; the knowledge that God is, that he hears prayer,that he is able to answer prayer. This was. not of itself sufficient. There must also be assent, conviction tbat God is willing to answer, that he means what He says, that He will give His people the things they ask for. Added to this there .must be appropriation—the putting forth of the hand of faith and taking tbe thing sought for. The promises of God justified a faith like this. We knew that the laws of nature were certain in their operation. We knew that the sun would rise to-morrow and made our plans accordingly. Tbe God oE nature was behind nature's laws. • And to feel that we could depend on the laws of nature WBB to feel that we could depend on God. The promises of God were equally reliable. Nay, they were more so, for the laws of nature had been suspended in the case of miracles, but when had one of •Ood promises been suspended ? The honor of God, the veracity of His Word, the truthfulness of Christ, all demanded thatthe promises should be kept. A Christian woman had asked God for seme blessing which he had promised to bestow. Some one said, l * You do not expect God will do that for you, do you F" She replied,- " He has 'promised it and He will not break His word." Mr. Cook urged His hearers to believe when they prayed that they had the things they asked for and they, should receive them. Only let their prayers be in accordance with God's will. Only let them a*k in faith believing they should receive and they should havejit. If tbey fulfiled the con- • -dition God would answer. • In another column will be found an advertisement of Mr. E. linage, Dispensing and Manufacturing Chemist of Angas-Btreet. Mr.E, Runge .makes the dispensing of prescriptions a speciality ; lie has one of * the largest turnovers 6f Drugs and Chemicals in this <;ity, and'guarantees them absolutely pure and fresh. Mr. Runge is also a large importer Of requisites for the sick room, bandages, trusses, feeding bottles, sponges, brush ware, soaps^ perfumery, etc., at rtasbnable rates. 