OUR NOVELIST A SINLESS CRIME. By the author of ' The Gost of Oon^si A Wife's Revenge,' 3[c, ?CHAPTER L.— Continued. ' I should like to live near you, for ? you have been very kind,' he replied, gravely. « But not there— not' in that capacity. I have managed the business I came down for with toler able case, but I think his lordship must look out for- another permanent steward. I suppose I am of a roving disposition and cannot settle/' Mrs. Talmage said no more, and the 'week passed rapidly by. Mr. Metcalf 'was detained in town on the evening he was expected at Merrion, but sent a deputy in the shape of his partner, Mr. Eae, 'who had full instructions, and understood the business in hand perfectly. That business has nothing to do 'with our narrative, except that it was the means of bringing Mr. 'Peters into the house at Merrion Royal and sitting him down at Lord Mention's dinner table. A very unassuming, gentlemanly guest Lady Merrion found him, though strangely silent and reticent. His voice was very , harsh and hoarse, and he apologized for not being able to talk much on ac count of a cold. After dinner he would have excused himself, but Irs host pressed him to stay. 'Lady Merrion will' give us some music when we have quite finished our affairs in the library,' he said. ' Half an hour or so will finish all we have to do, and there are a good .many things I should like to show you if you care for family treasures. We Merrions have a craze that way.' ' I should be fond of them if I had them,' Mr. Peters replied, in a voice that made Lord Merrion start, it was so unlike his usual harsh tones. ' A lonely man like me collects no. .. relics.' 'But you like music?' ' I did when I liked anything. Don't think me ungracious, my lord ; I cannot^stay. I had a home once, and only to look into one now maddens me. I am best alone.' ' As you will, of course — pray please yourself. I thought my old house might be interesting to yon, maybe.1' . . ' ' So it is, my lord. Heaven only knows how interesting. Don't try to make me attach myself to it and you. I ought to be a thousand miles away.'' ' But I want you for my steward.'1 ' I cannot take your offer,' my lord. I have thought it over, and cannot. Don't think me ungrateful — it is not that. Some day, when you and I meet each other face to face at the Judg ment Seat of heaven, you will under stand me. I pray not before.' 'I am sorry you cannot accept my offer,' Lord Merrion said, a little puzzled at his vehemence, ' If it is a question of terms ? ' ' No — no money could induce me to take it.' ' Then I must beg Mr. Rae to help you to find someone. No harm, Mr. Eae — it wasn't properly fastened, that's all.'' Mr. Rae had been sitting close by an oldfashioned, carved escritoire — a valuable piece of antiquity of which Lord Mewion was very proud, as his father before him had been — and had somehow or other knocked open the the folding flap with his elbow. ; A few.papers fell out, of no partic ular consequence; but beside those an inner spring had given way, and a row of secret drawers flew open. Iu the topmost one the first thing ?that showed itself was a dirty-looking letter. Without a moment's hosit: ation, Mr. Peters stretched out his hand and took it up. 'Sir!' exclaimed ' the lawyer, aghast at the familiarity. ' Mr. Peters,' said Lord Merrion, ' that drawer is ^private, if you please.' But the only answer Mr. Peters ' made was to put aside his spectacles and looked Lord Merrion steadilj- in the face with the letter in his hand. Lady Merrion went to the drawing room after dinner, and sat at the piano, dreamily playing all sorts of scraps and fanciful airs while -the gentleman finished their wine. She was roused by an arrival at the hall door, and rose, in some sur prise, to greet her father. ' Papa,' she said, when he had kissed her, ' you really are the most erratic man. I thought you were in Wales.' ' En route, my dear.' ' Ton choose roundabout ways. Have you had your dinner ?'' 'Yes. Where's Merricn?' ' In the library, with Mr. Rae and the steward— Mr. Peters, I mean.' ' I'm very curious to see that gentleman,' said the duke. ' I've heard of him.' ?' You can see him to-night, if you like.- I'll tell them you are here.' '. She rang the bell, and ordered a room to be prepared fov her father, and then went to the library door. She heard voices slightly raised with in, and softly entered, just as Mr. Peters confrontsd her husband with the open letter. To her dying day that scene remain ed stamped upon her memory. She siw Mr. Rae's face of blank astonish ment and Godfrey's ghastly look of horror and amazo. She knew the eyes that were looking at him with such sad reproach, and she heard him gasp rather than utter the words — ' Ciithbert ! My brother ! My heaven!' Cold and chill all over, she .closed the door and leaned against the wall to collect herself. It was all true then, their doubts and fears, and the instincts that recognized the voice of the new steward were true ones. She could do nothing, only shrink against the wall and shiver like a hurt animal. \- Webber came up while she was there. ? ' My lady !' she said. ' Are yon ill ?' ' No, no! Go away.' ' Shall! tell his lordship ? He is here.' ' No, no !' almost shrieked Eglan tine, as Webber put her hand on the haudje of the door. ' Keep away from there. Don't go in, I tell you. I ain well — quite well.' — — Jibe tottered bjck to the drawing room, followed by hav maid. ? 'Bless me, child, what's the mat ter ?' said the duke, as she entered. ' Have you seen a ghost ?'' 'Yes, father! The ghost of all these past years. He has come back. Cuthbert is hero ' 'I thought as much /'said his grace, as he paved her from falling at his feet, and laid her down on the sofa, ' and.a pretty kettle of fish there'll be for someone to cook now he i3 come.' The duke was not given to choica language, but he managed to express himself pretty clearly in a general way, for all that. 