FASMEBS' AXV SELECTORS' ASSOCIATION. COMMITTEE MEETING. The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Central Queensland Farmers' and Selec tors' Association was held at tbe rooms of Mr. W. H. Stcnlake on Saturday afternoon. There were twelve present, and Mr. J. O'Shanesy (President) was in the chair. A letter was received from the Secretary of tbe Bockhampton Agricultural Society, asking the association to appoint two dele gates to meet a like number of delegates from the Agricultural Society, the Central Queens and Dog and Poultry Club, and the Rock lampton Cottage Garden and Horticultural Society for the purpose of considering the inestion of amalgamating tbe four bodies. ? I'he President said the object for which the association was established was to settle the market question, and as that question was still in a very unsatisfactory state he did not think it would be wise to amalgamate. (Ap plause. ) It was Dot as if the association was spposeti to the Agricnltnral Society. On the lontrary, all its raemljers, he believed, were members also of tbe Agricultural Society, jociety in any way it could. (Hear, hear.}— Mr. D. Wiiitelev moved that ihe Secretary be instructed to acknowledge receipt of the letter, and to Btate that as the association had do intention of amalgamating at present it was not necessa ry to appoint delegates. Amalgamation, he thought, would narrow the association's lines of action and render it more useless than it might be now. The Agricultural Society had been in chronic difficulties — practically fossilised — for the past ten years, and the management of it seemed to be utterly incapable of making it move at alL So for the association to practically kill itself, as it wonld by amalga mating with a semi-corpse, would be simply suicidal in the highest degree. Besides, it would be no advantage to the society for the association to join with it, for fully Beventy five per cent of the members of the associa tion, he thought, were also members of tbe society. Further than that, though tbe lines of action of the two bodies were in some cases parallel, in others they were not the same.— Mr. M. Hogas seconded the pro posaL He said the farmers would not be able to ask the society to meet so often as it would be necessary to do sometimes, and, beside?, the market question had not been settled, and the farmers did not intend to give up the ghost there yet awhile.— Mr. D. Wihtelkv: We have a wider basis than tlia-_ — Mr. M. Hogax : I know that. We can work as well with the societies as they are as banded together.— Mr. D. WrrrrELEY : Better. —The motion was carried. Two new members were elected ou the pro posal of Mr. D. Whiteley. The.SECBETAcr(Mr. f. Whiteley) said the sob-committee appointed at the last muring on Wednesday, the 14th instant, and the ploughing matches that were to be held in connection with it, had met that morning, and drawn up a programme, which would be advertised in the daily papers oo Monday, and in the Caprtcornian on Saturday next. Tbe picnic would take place on Mr. F. A. Morgan's ground, Liouleigh, Lion Creek, and all arrangements would be made for it by a sub-committee of four ladies. He hoped there would be a good attendance. The notice was short, and he trusted members would let their neighbours know all about it would bring his own food, witb a little to spare for other*. Mr. T. Whiteley was re-appointed secre tary, and Mr. E. Adams treasurer. The Secretary was instructed to write to the Rockbampton Municipal Council, point ing out that ou the recent wet Saturday the rain beat into the market building and des troyed produce, aad requesting that tbe pre mises be put in order ag soon as possible. The President said that at the last meet ing he had promised to read a paper on some of the grasses that were being cultivated at the Botanic Gardens, aaid which members late visit ; but, as the annual meeting was also fixed for the afternoon, he had thought there would not be time to read it. How ever, he would say a few wordo about the guinea grass, which he bad beeu acquainted with iii this district siucc 1SGS. It would grow in poor stony soil to a height of 4 ft. or ; i ft. , and on rich agricultural land to Sfu and 9 ft. No pasturage that he knew of even in the driest season it had a yood shoot of green blades. It was well worth introduc ing on the many siony ridges about thu dis was very eisy of propagation. AH that had to be done was to divide a bunch into pieces, and fiticL tl»e pieces in the ground. For the uext meeting be should piepaxc a paper on tbe nut grass and bow to evtcnuiaate iL The nut gruss had long bvua gi owing nbout KocklKunplon. and it had trained such a hold that in some places gtoiuid had hud to bo abandoned to it.— Mr. D. \Yhitcu.y said be thought it would be as well Io appuiot a sub because, however valuable the papers of ouc member might be, there ua* need of variety ; iu faot, lie would propose that a subcommittee composed of the President, Messrs-. M. Hogan, A. Ziebig, E. R. Car penter, J. Gurus, and the mover l-e elected to arrauge for papers for the next six mouths. Speaking of the guinea grass he stated he had sometimes seen it looking very dry ; but he had known it to climb to the top of a fence 4 ft. G in. high in seven days alter a very heavy fall of rain. As the president bad remarked, it was easy of propagation. It could be raised cither from roots or seed, and all they had to do was Io throw the seed —The President : The soil mutt be clean. ? Mr. D. WiiiTCi.EY : No. I have thrown it dovro amcug xi-ia retixso.t and coach grass, and buffalo grass, and it has killed tbe lot.— Mr. E. K. CAr.rEJ.TEu said he bad grown guinea grass, and he did not His cattle would go away from it ; in fact, ing dry weather, h« had seen it go quite dry after a spoil of heat. All he used it for was thatching the roof of the dairy ; but It rotted very quickly.— Mr. D. Wiutllky said stock ? did not care about the grass after it had reached a height of 3 ft.; but if it were cut before it attained to that altitude, aud con verted into chaff, they would eat it greedily. His experience was that chaffed it was as good for milk cows as sorghum. ? ilp. E. Adam:- said he had stcn the gr&as-; gr owing iu the district nineteen or twctitv years ago, and he had never set'n an acre of it anywhere. Had anyone else V-Tlie President said tbe largest patch he had se«n perties. Baron von M ueller said it was amongst the most nuiriuvc that iiad beco in- . troduccd into Australia.— The Slcretaby said he woald'accoad Mr. D. Whiteley s pro^ posftl to appoint a. sub-commit toe to arrange for papers, and lie slionld jusr Kk-i \n say that lie had never focu anything leave guinea This was all ihe'biLTinesi. '* ' '/ 