m, A dramatic company Leaded by Mr. Albert Gorman and Miss Blanche Lewis commenced a season at the Opera House on Saturday night, when, tlio four-act drama "Cinders," written hy flie latter, was produced in the presence ofa good audience. The performance was at tanded hy a numher of meu from H.M.S. Royalist, and the fife and drum band from the vessel played several tunes iii tho vestibule of the theatre. "Cmders" is a title which suggests a play of tho specula tive or the morbid type, but in reality Hiss Lcwis's-draraa is a somewhat stirring story of* London Mife, and takes its name from a " slavey" of grimy appearance but with a true and {rood heart, who plays an important part in the piece. The drama, though not a model of construction.or a' surpassing example as ' regards novelty and choice of language, contains a good deal of moral prin-iple. Many of the passages in it are'humorous, one c two are pathetic, and scenes of excitement ar numerous. The- performance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night hy the All Nations Minstrel Company was marked by the appearance of two new artists, Miss Jennie Moaning, it lady who sang with much success at the recent Ipswich Eisteddfod, and Mr. Wal Edwards, who comes from'the south. Miss Manning met with a very cordial reception. She sang " Whisper, and I Shall Hear," and at ouce established herself as a .favourite. An encore was loudly demanded aud the refraiu was repeated. Mr. Edwards, who possesses a robust voice, Bang "Por a Wees or Tvro,n which is of the mush lmll order, and was encored. He was equally successful later on in llic Irish specialty, "How Rafferty Won tho Mile." The old members of the company gave a satisfactory account of themsclvos. The well known comedian, Mv. John R. Greville, died at his residence at^Melbournc on April 29, from cancer of the stomach. He had been in bad health for the last twelre months. His widow and two sons surviva.him. Mr. R. W. Greville, one of his son?, is a member of the" Maggie Moore company, now playing at tbo Theatre Royal. The other is Dr. Greville, of Peitli, West Australia. On Moudny we received the following news from Sydney: Mr. CharlesHolloway's Dramatic Company began a season at the Theatre Royal •on Saturday, when " Judge Not" was played. ."The Second Mrs. Tnnqncray" continues to Mia a powerful attraction at tho Lyceum. Ten per cent of the takings at Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday were donated by Mr.. Rignold to tlio hospital fund, when the popular drama, "The Lights of London," was repro duced. Prom Mclbonrno on Monday wo received the ..following:. At tho Princess Theatre Bland Holt and company gave their first performance of "A Prodigal Daughter," and achieved a success. At tho Alexandra. Theatro the Dnu Barry's Company produced "Queen's Evi dence." Miss Maggie Moore's company re peated tho performance of " Struck Oil" in the Theatro Royal. At tho Bijou Theatre the Arnold-Thornton Company gave their last performance but one of " Charley's Aunt." The Brough-Boucicault Company are appear ing with conspicuous success at the Lyceum Theatre, Sydney, in a round of high-class dramas. Amemberof the Ttlejvnph staff who was recently iu Sydney* writes as follows: The pre sent production is Mr.Pinero's realistic drama, " Tho Second Mrs. Tanqueray." It is quite conventional to assert that this play is unsavoury in detail, but nevertheless those who form what is supposed to bo con ventional society in the southern metropolis arc flocking to the theatre nightly, to witness tho the idiosyncrasies of Paula, and weep to distraction over her woes. The phty is beyond doubt produced in «i manner superior to almost anything previously, seen in Australia, and viowed as a whole the acting is of a very high .order. Mrs. Brougli has a most difficult part.to play—namely, that of a woman, who on the night before lier marriage with Mr. Tanqucray discloses to him that she has "kept house with " a number of men nt various periods during the previous few years. In the lighter scenes it is difficult to imagine that Mrs. Brough's acting could be improved upon, nor does she lack power in the later and extremely trying scenes, in all of which she acts in a manner that certainly docs not offend good taste, even if it be not quite so realistic as the author intended or the peculiarities of the eh rncter demanded. One of tho most striking situations is the scene in which Paula discovers that tho man. who has wooed and won her 'husband's pure-minded and exotically reared daughter is one of the men whoso name was 0:1 the list offered to Mr. Tanqueiayon the night before her marriage. Equally attractive and interesting is the acting j of 3lr. Titheradge as Mr. Tanqucray. In some of the earlier scenes he may : not be as light as some would desire, but i the more serious business of the play oould not j be in better hands. Other sketches of cbur&ctei; are cleverly portrayed by Mr. Boucicault as a good friond of the family, Mr. Cecil Ward as ; a drunken baronet, Miss Temple as his courtesan j wife, Miss Roraer as the personification of a | relenting Mrs. Grundy, and Mr. G. Carey t voluble M.P. Miss Noble as the semi-n like daughter of Mr. Tanqueray has a veiy | difficult part to play, and almost uutU'the last the sympathies of the female porliou of the audicucc arc rather with her wild stepmother than with her. She, however, succeeds in the closing sceues of the play in raising the audience to something like enthusiasm con cerning her. All.round it is not eas^ to conceive a better acted play, and one winch by virtue of its acting smothers many details that would otherwise be resented by supersensitive audiences. " Go-Bang," a new musical and farcical comedy, by Messrs. Adrian Ross and Osmond Carr, was well received on its first performance at the Trafalgar Tliealre, Loudon, on March The rnn on the Drary Lane pantomime, " Robinson Crusoe," was brought to a close on I March" 17, and in the course of a speech ac knowledging the presentation of .a service of plate, Sir Augustus Harris announced that for next season ho proposed to offer the fairy tile j of "Aladdin." "With Miss Sylvia Grey retired and Miss Lind seriously ill. a special interest (says a London paper] attaches to the return of Mass Carrie Coote- to burlesqne and skirt dauciug, ia "Jaunty Jane Shore," at tho Strand. Her last appearances in this capacity wore with Mr. | Arthur Roberts, at . the Avenue. Althoug" scarcely.more than 25, Miss Cooto has been 20 j years on the stage, and lias played for several j years in farce in the States. She was seen | lately for a short while at- tho Opera Comique, in " Uncle's Ghost." Mr. Irving gave the farewell New York per- ! fonnaneo of his present American tour on | Saturday, March 10, playing "Shyloek" an audieucc which packed (he theatre io'iU j utmost limit. He was then to' go to Boston for one week's return engagement, and sail for England on March 21. The closing two .weeks | in New York, like his tour in other cities, were phenomenally successful, the receipts sut passing all theatrical records for either native c foreign actors. Mr. living's announcement i a brief farewell speech that he would return to America in the autumn of 1895 was received j with prolonged cheering. Tho Gaiety girls (writes the London corre spondent of the Sydney Daily Ttleyraph under J date March 1(3) appear to be awfully fond of Australia and Australians. Nellie barren is never tired of sounding the praises of the antipodeans, and the junior • members of tbe Gaiety Company are no less ardent in their admiration of colonial personages and colonial scenes. This weelc we have had Miss Florence Levey, once the principal dancer of the Gaiety Theatre, but now a bright and shining star iu the more profitable firmament' of "the music lnilLs, indulging iu such Austra lian reminiscences as these : "I am absolutely, devoted to our colonies, and I should I dearly like to visit Australia again, tho people | were all so very kind to me there. I am an excellent sailor, and thoroughly enjoy a long sea trip." Two excellent instances of the peculiarity I of all theatrical things have been supplied by I tho London newspapers. The first is a story of success. "Charley's Aunt" is not an ' epoch-marking work. It would not, as Mr. i Jerome says, elevate n cow. And yet the j ." financialgcutlcmnn " who trusted "Charley's j Aunt" to tho extent of £1,000 has been re warded by that eccentric hidy with £20,000 in less than a year. She has provided Mr. Feu- j ley with a fortune. Miss Sheridan, who intro duced "Charley's Aunt" to the fiuaacial I gentleman, has been awarded by Her Majesty's j judges something over £1,000 for her trouble, and oven tho author is making a little. : " Charley's Aunt" is a pattern to all maiden ] aunts. .The second instance is one of failure. ; A frank advertisement in the Daily Telegraph states that Miss Annie Hose spent £675 in pro ducing " A Gauntlet." The takings upon the three first nights amounted to £33. And theb Miss Rose wisely refused to ran the "Gauntlet" anymore. Signor R. Squarisc, who last year 30 success fully produced Rossini's masterpiece, "The Barber of Seville," intends to stage this yoar a. new opera coraiqne entitled ".Fabian," the music of which is entirely composed by himself. The ability of Signor Squarisc as a composer stands high in the public estimation, and it will' be safe to predict that the opinions thus held oE him will in no wise bo lessened by this his latest effort. The music throughout the work is bright and sparkling. The opening chorus, the finale, and the three principal choruses of the second act embrace much folicitons writing and are altogether very" effective, while the different numbers are likewise huppily con ceived. In the firdt as well as in the second act Signor Squari.se has introduced a new phase of comic operatic writing—namely, a subdued and melodious accompaniment to the dialogue®. The opera, which comprises 1ft numbers in all, is now practically finished. For the opening chorus besides the orchestra there wilt fee a "military band" of about 20 players on the stage—another novel feature of the new opera. That excellent Australian actor, so well and favourably known to Sydney audiences, Mr, IXerbart Hemming, has (writes the , London correspondent- of the Sydney Daily Telegraph) a capital part in Mr. Sutton Vane's new Adelphi drama, "The Cotton King," which was pro duced with signal success on March 10. Mr. Fleraming plava a Jewish money-lender iu this melodramatic piece with rcmarkablo force, fidelity, and convincing realism. "'The chief of 'the Loudon dramatic critics, Mr. Clement Scott, singles hiia out for special commendation. " Only those who understand ' aetimr," says Mr. Scott, "will know how Mr. Herbert Hemming assisted sccno after scene by his strength aud decision. Over and over again the actors leaned on him, and he supported them." Mr.. Charles ; "Warner, another old Australian favourite; plays the hero in his well known, hrtezy, manlr, style, and when he. snatches Miw Terry from the jaws of death, the raftera ring with tumultuous applause. Mr. J. 0. Williamson, who is now iu London, is under stood to hare secured "The Cotton King" for Sydney aud Melbourne. . . In the programme of un entertainment given recently, says the Globe, we read that "Misa. Cissy Lofhis will give some of her inimitable imitations." . In view, however, of the fact that bliss LeUy Lind lias succeeded 111 imitating Miss Loftua's imitations of herself, the epithet is hardly admissible. The only thing left. as u contemporary remarks, is for Miss Loftus to retort by imitating Miss Letfcy land's imiiatiou of Miss Loftus's imitation of Miss Letty Lmd. 