TH10 NOVELIST. | A MISSING HEIRESS. CHAPTER VI. 4 Hkbhan,' the Mid, ' why don't yon come t Why don't yon oomo baok to me aud take that thought away !' It waa pitch dark outside ; she could eee tooth log. The wind was blowing tho trees about and Itoatiug in gusto agaist the bouse. What a night for Mm to be travelling. 8he went back to tho tireplooc and .ouked at tho clock, it was fivo toiiutri-a to snvvu, and Mudsio had raid tho would be back ut seven o'olook by tho latest, aud— There— yea— at last a eouud of horsos' foot on tho road. ' He was coming. The girl stood still straioiog her eara to listen. Yes— tboro it waa ngaio. 'Oh Herman, Herman.' Tboosrrisgo was turning the oorner now, was passing tho fivo bocah trees, waa l topping at the gate, Tboro was a pause, the onadol wheels grinding over tbe gravol on tho drive, and then tho boll raog, pealing through the silent home. Ah,' Phyllis said, bo has oomo back. Hoaven baa sent him baok to me. I will die rathor than give him op.1 In a moment she had recovered her self control ; and, as the door of the drawing-room opened aod Mrs. Darbisher half led, half pushed the traveller In bU for lined coat, Herman only aaw in the old familiar drawlogroom a little figure, whiob, all aoftly rustling as it was io its now blaok msgoi floenoe, looked very like tbe protty little Phyllis . Devereuxho rcmcmboied so well, a little Gguro whioh held out bis hand aud smiled at bim, aod welcomed bim with a few gootle words, just ss old Phyllis need to do wbon ho camo baok froin sohooL ' Yob dear little bit of s Phyllis,' tho yonng man cried warmly, seizing both her hauds in his. Everything had turned blaok bofore tho girl's eyes. The joy of heariog bis voloo again had nil but killed her ; but sbo smiled st him bravely still. When she cams to herself out of those fuw secouds of dealhdiko unoouiciousness, Phyllis found that Herman was still holding her hands in hia, sod that Mrt Darbisher whose voice betrayed that sbo had been oryinff, was urging her not to be ebooked this looks. Ho has been ill, dearest Phyllis,' she explained hurriedly. ' He would not speak of it in his . letters for fear of alarmiug us, bnt bo ha boeu very ill iodecd ; he was invalided home.' Her lips quivered ; sbo nearly broke down again sa she spoke. Now, mother,' tho young man satd, scolding her geatly end looking very thin and gauutinhis big cost, sro you guiog to cry now that 1 am book with vou again! Why, tbe sight of this old room aorl Phyllis is enough to euro s fellow'— and he squeezed the girls bands with the old brotherly cordiality, ' You dear little bit of a Phyllis,' he said again. 1 My mother lias io-d mo of your good fortune, aod I am so glad. You seo'— with what sounded like the ghost of his old gay laugh—' you ue what it is to be good aud to dc«ervo sucb lalry gifts.' roor little Phyllis was tieinbliog aud as wbitu as death. The blaok mist had cleared from bofoj«- ber eyes, and sbo euuld soe the cliangnd«"fueu of tbe man she loved. Waa tbsRRcrman ? Was that haggard, bollowLarsn the hamlNome boy Who bad left tborftrnJTce years ago? Tne girl's heart cootru£ttd"iQ a spaaui of anguish. Was that tad££jj4ienQ4a J Only tbe kind laughiug, tho white teeth were unchanged. He looked too ysars older, his golden bair was darker, he bad dow both moustache and board. Ob, Modsio,' the poor otiild said faintly at laat, and with a sudden movement the two women olung to each other, but ooly for a moment. Ttoey would have time enough to weep wbeu they were atone now they most take caro of him, and be cheerful for bis sake. Herman was looking wist fully about tbe room, at tbe familiar objeots it com tained, at tbe various reminders of his boyish days that met bim on all sides, and from them bis b ue haggard eyes went pathetically to his mother's Xsoe that he bad oneo thought never to ave agsiu. Mother,' bo said simply, aud drawiug a deep breath of contentment, ' this is what 1 wsutod f I shall get well now, lb is better than doctors or sea sir to be at homo auxin ' 'My boy,' tbe poor mothor said tremulously, ss she hastened to help him off with his fur coatt Ut iostsl bim ia tho deep uusbioued cbsir which Phyllis wheeled nearer to the fire. She bad him with bar again, this one precious thing of hers that oho bad to nearly lost without kuowiog.it. She ooold think of nothing else just yet, not even of b»r rolned osstle in the sir, whioh had crumbled st hsr feet within the last few minutes, tor she knew now— tho meetiog of her two children bad proved it to her onmiitakesbly— that Herman did not love Phyllis— poor little Phyllis. CHAPTER VII. Aa soon as Herman had thawed a little after his journey, nothing would do bob he must go all uver tbe'ouie, to shake bands in tbe kitobou with his old friend tbe cook— Jackson— Mary tho house maid he had already seeu and greeted — to caress : the old oat who remembered him so well, and allowed him as a special favour, to admire her now kittens and. with his mother following him, prond, anxious, tremulously happy, thoyuong man Homed U be everywhere at ouce— up-stairs, down stairs, and in my lady's chamber' — bis step aud bis volco waking up the quiet house and filling it with uew life, as they used to do in tbe old days when be came from school or from Dublin, but now, the step was slower, the voice leas cheerful Md careless. Phyllis standing by the drawiogroom firo and atlU trembling with the rapture and tbe p«in of their meetiog, could feel the difference with every fibre of her beiog. Ob, thi ludia, she thought, oleuobiog her naoda and aettiug her teeth, this oruel India, that takea the very life of a womao's life, aod bruisos and orusbea it under her ohariot wheels, as one of ber great nncooacious idols oruihea its victims, Herman mast never go back there— never. How ooold they ever let him leave them agaio, with that worn pale face that she oould oot think of without a ohuking in her throat, with those beloved haggard eyes? Herman I Her man I Her darling, her hero. To have tome back to bar like that. Tbe girl was hardly thinking of ber own pain jastyet. He love was great enough to blut out self io this exquisite miserable moments. Perhaps tbe tbonghi crossed her vaguely that, if Herman cared for her, she would have hia pride to struggle against now, as in tne old days she had had his poverty ; but in trntb she was only conscious of a fierce aoguish of thought of bis broksn health, of ft fierce exultation in the knowledge that she was nob oow and that aba could save bim from tbe life that was killing him. It was her money that waa giviog ber the power of going with hiui to tbe aoutb ; It was her money that abould make them ooe day bnth happy. And Mudsio too— three people. Tho wonderful, terrible, blessed money that had sorely come to her from Heaven— what )al3 It not do T Wbeu Herman had gooo to his own room at last, Mrs. Darbisher came back to tbe drawing room, and again Phyllis aod she wore in eaoh other'a arms in a moment. Ob, Modsie, Mudeie,' tho girl said with trembling lips, ' don't cry— don't cry, dear. He will got better now. We will nurse him.' 1 Yes, dearest, yes'— hastily dryiog ber tears and kissing her little daughter— I don't caro now that I have got him back. And you will help me to take caro of hlmf Her good girl, tbn poor thing was thinking, to bo forgetting her owo pain and thinking only ut others. Phyllis had never seemed so near or so dear to Mrs. Darbishur ao at that moment. 4b, Herman might not love her now, but how could he help doing so when he saw how aweot and how good aba wm? The young man's step descending tbe stairs startled them asuoder, their eyes meeting with the Bsme thought in eaoh glance— what a tupplness It was to bear that step again. And at dinner, what happiness so see bim in his old place I Phyllis dold eat nothing, nor did she say vary roach, Bhe birdiy even dared to look at Herman yet. But he wei ao sweet, and so gentle, she looked su ' pretty in her smart little gowu aud with the flush of. bar secret excitement burning in her delicate obseka. Herman told her, with brotherly license, that she bid grown prettier tbao ever wh le he was away but, though be looked kindly enuugb at little Phyllis, bill eye dwelt longest on his tnothtr'i face, ' has beso the deareat little daughter to me this lung time,' Mrs. Darbisher said fondly., She has taken good care of your old mother for you dear. ' I proml.iid Herman to takeo.ro ofyoo Madeie. Phyllis .old, uniling baok >t her. Ho loft »oa I io my obsrge. ' j ' And I knew I oould trnet in your promise, you deer little bit of a Phyllis,' Herman said warmly, I used to eeo you both together always In my thoughts and droaroa of home.' Pbyilii was happy almost to pain, . Timidly she raised her soft brown eyes to look at Hormau for tho first tunc, But Herman was smiling aoroaa the table st his mother and did not meet the shy littlo ; glance. How much tboy bad to talk about when they went back to tho drawing.room and gathered round tho fire— tho story of Herman's Indian lifu, tho story of tho will, and all thoir plans for tho forth ooming jnurnoy to the Pyrenees I It was luoky that for Herman tho climate of Pau or of aomo aueh placo was just what woe requirod, or it would nil nave to bo planned ovor agaio. But, as It was, nothing could have been better. Mrs. Darbisher bad already written to the Pension Tottenham about hie roome, and ae soon na ho wae rested there was rosily uothing to keep thtm a day longer lo England. | Poor mother,' the young man said, in his kind voice, you will have two iuvalide now to look after instead of ono.' But I am uot an invalid any longer,' Phyllis deolared quickly and smiling, a ahe aaw that Kirs. Dsrbisbers eyos were filled and that she was afraid to speak, 'I hardly oongh at all now, and I am going to help Mudaie to nnrse you.' ' Ob, o fow days of Southern sunshine will set you both up,' tbe mother deolared oheerfully, haviog fuuiid ber voice now. 'And Herman was always suoli e good patient.' She got up as sbo spoke and began to move about tho room so that tbe two big tosrs whioh would oot bo blinked sway might fall unseen ; but she felt rather than saw through the mist, with an exquisito pang, that Herman's eyes were following her as if he ouuld nut bear to let her cut of his sight— the dear hollow gentle eyes, just as she remumbered them in bis boyinh illness, when he had always been, as she bad said, such a delightful patient to nurse, submitting to any amount of coddling, and oliogiug to hie mother affeotiooato and noashamed. 'Pbytlie darliog,' ahe said hurriedly, turning over the lettera aud papers ou one of the tables, 'there should be a letter this evening from Mrs. Tstteuhsm about Herman's room — has it not come ? I thought Mary sid ' ' Yea, Mudaie, it is there,' Phyllia answered. losing her colour at the thought of all tbe letter reminded her uf. 'I Lid it dowu somewhere j I— 1 ojoant to give it to you.' ' Let uie hunt for it, mother,' Herman said. Ue got up and put his arui around his mothci'e shoulders and took her back to her chair by tho tire. ' Don't you ktiuw that you have got your eyes back again ? Ia this ic ? No — « MUs Devereux, Hillside 1' Phyllis, what an imposiug onvelope. And wlmt a swsgger little book— also belonging to Miss.LUVQreux, 1 see I Ah, here >uu arc, motuortTiis is tbe letter you sro looking fur, itu t IjftCTtb a Frtnob stamp.' ''Ketd it for me, my dourest,' Mrs. Darbishor said, emiliug up at her tall treasure 'Lrt us bo eure it is all right about the rooms before we start.' ' Pension Taltruham, Rue Valois, Pau, Basses Pyrenees,' Herman read coasuk-ntiously. 'Dear Mudam— My mother desires me to say that that the additional room you require Is at your disposal, but that fur the preaeut ahe ia uoable to offer you tbe private 'salon ' witn piano which you ask for, the house being full. Be kiud nougb to let me know on whiob day weraayrxpect you.— Yours truly, Maroot Vivasii." 'Th-t Is all right then,' Mrs. Darbisher said comfortably. Phyllis dear, will you write a line for me tomorrow#lo Mrs. Talteuhiun, orjr&tbcr; to this Miss Vtvasb, who seems to act as her secretary —her daughter by souther marriage evideut.y J' Miss Vivaeb writes an .uncommonly pretty and pioturetque baud,' Herman said, running his eye over the letter agaiu before ho gave it up. ' And she bB a a very appn-piiste numo, rnortovir, fur fur place of abode. M-rgot | I wondor if she is a charmiog ss Ma lieiuo Msigot' of old! Sbo is a uamufuko of heis, uo doubt.' ' My dear buy,' Mri1. Darbisher protested with a smile, " Queou olarget making out bills and order iug aiooer in a pension.' 1 am afraid Miss Vivash was obrialentd plain Margaret.' ' Plain Margaret,' he criod, laughing, and making a w ry face. ' How utterley that cbaugi a tho aspect of affairs. Mother, >ou have crushed my little rouiauco with two words. I was guiug to offer to write to Miss M argot for you, but I feel now that Phyllis will do it far better than I can. Won't yon Phyllis ?' 'I will write to- morrow,' Phyllia said, htr brown eyes downcast; she was conscious of s sudden jealous thrill. Until that momout alio had forgotten that at Pau they wouli no longer have Herman all to themselves. Tbore would be other people at the ' pension, ' of course— other girls, perhaps; not merely this MLs Vivash, w ho was Mrs, Talteiihani's daughter, and did oot couut, hut girls like herself, giriS such as had already cuaed ber so many cruel pangs. ' What day shall I tell them to txpcct us, Mudsio ?' iho udded. When this point was ttlcd, tho girl rose, anil with pretty tact pruLrscd to bo very tin-d, and said 'Good uight,' leaving mother and son together Herman lit hur candle for her, and held a final uunvorsatiou with htr half in and half out of the drawiogruom duor, as he watched her up the stairs. Wo must go and see all the old places together In the morning,' if it is not too eold — tbe orchard —do you remember the oheerytrrss by tho wall, Mistress Phyllis? — aud tho beeebwodd, and the Village.' Phyllis'a heart began to beat more happily. Ho bad not forgotten the old days, at least, Aod, sioce he bad not fallen in lovw out in India, where there were ao maoy pretty girls, why should be fall In love at Pao t She smiled down st him, when she camo (o tho turn ,of the stair case, aud went away to her own room with the smile still on ber Hps. 6he is just tbe some dear demnre little mouao as over,' Hermau declared, going baok to his ohair by tho lire aud drawing it still closer to his mother's side. 1 Poor littlo Phyllis I' Mrs. Darbisher sighed invnluutanly. 'Poor little Phyllis— rich little Phyllis,' Herman corrected, soiiiiug. ' Aod she takes the fact of her heiress-ship sa sedately aa she takes everything els). Suob a pretty girl as aho Is too. Some lucky beggar will come in for s charming little wife in ber ooe of tbore days.' The mother sighed again. Herman looked so provokiogly uooousainus. Her poor castle in the uir. Aud Tittle Phyllis's long heartache to come. What a pity it all war, 'I hope so,' she said earnestly, 'A happy mirrlsgo ia tbe best thiug that can befall any woman, and cspio ally a girl situated like Phyllis. She Is so delicate and so utterly unfitted, p-or ohild, to do battle with tho world. And her taibor is not muob mure competent teao she is to look after her affairs. Perhaps '—with a little gentle hypocrisy— ' she may meet some ono at Pau ; only the worst of It is that her money is so likely to attraot adventuier. I am so gLd you will bu with us, dear'— stroking tbe head that Herman had laid on on her shoulder— 'you will help mo to louk after hor her a little.' 'I only hupo,' ho answered, with a laugh, 1 that I e >plo will uot fancy you aro aottingyour oapat tho heiress for me, mother.' 1 Oh, rpy darliog boy,'— Mrs. Darbishor blushed guiltily— overy ono kuows that I wanted tojtake Phyllis Abroad this spring boforo she camo in for this money — il c fow people whom it concert a that is to soy ; for iodoed the poor child seems as desti tute of friuuds aud relations now as aho was before. Even her sudden prosperity had failed to bring any to light. Mr. Akerman tells as that the only members of Sir George Devereux 's family who urvivo bm are two old maids, themselves very rioh and very infirm, who bavo not condescended to take the least notice of poor Phyllis. The title goes to some distant relative, who is abroad J believe.' 'Poor little Phyllis,' Herman said, 'In that case we may go on being fond of ber, I suppose, without soy fear of beicg misunderstood 7 It always seems to me that ino belongs to us even more than to ber father— poor old boy,' 'And io the does,' bis mother assents eigerly, 'Phyllis feels it herself, J am convinced, though of course she could not say so. And I jssuro you, my desrsnt, I fed myself as responsible for hsr bappioeas and her future as if she wore rosily my own child. I have brought ber up yon see, sod ebo is so food of— of us both.' j 8he is a dear littlo thing,' tho yoaug man said ' Imply and utterly unspoiled by ber ohango of fortuae. Ooe sers that she is s thoroughbred.' Mother and sou talked togother lato into night, Herman-rebelling against all attempts to psok him off to bed. Ana bu was so cheerful, so confident lout his health and his prospects, so liko the old gsy affectionate Herman that Mrs. Darbisher could oot resist his contagious hopefulness, and began to feel that she bad been tormoutiog horsotf need lessly. She slept fn peaco with her boy's kisses warm oa her cheek. He was there, cloao to hor in his old room; and had he not assurod her ovor aod over again that ho should get well now that ho was at home with her again ooeo more? And In the morning bo was koooklog at her dosr, scolding her for ber laziness, refusing uttorly to play tho invalid, aud insisting on taking care of her and Phyllis, iustosd of pormitting them to take caro of him. He wss better, much hottor, ho deolared— bo was all but well agaio. Lost night he had been a little knocked up after his journey, but a fow hours sleep had set him right again,. And though the change in his face is still more apparent in the bright wintry suushlno, though the look io bis eye still pierced tho mother's heart with ao ioex inexpressible pang, how onuld she refuse the ono. solntion of his cheery assurances ? How oould she refu'C to believe, to hope. After luncheon, It being so fine, Herman and Phyllis were able to take tho walk they b'd planned. They were to visit all the old haunts and to call at Dale End tnsee Mr. Devereux, for whom Mrs. Darbisher charged hor son with ill kinds nf ncigbbnurly messages, including a cordial invitation to dinner. 'And I shall expeot yon both back to tea with me,' she urged, as ths young people started. ' I' is too ould for you to slay out Isto, so don't let Mrs. Milter tempt you with those nice hot oakes of hers. Do you bear?' 'Mother,' Herman protested, laughing, 'you want to mako me out a regular invalid ; but it won't d». I promise you, though, to iuicg Phyllis baok in good lime, an dnn't ho uneasy.' TO BE CONTINUED. 