HUBERT BERESFORD'S TREACHERY. CHAPTER IV. ,' What has happened V repeated Maggie, in great alarm, to her cousin Jack. ' Heaven save us ! Your hair is dripping and your clothes are soaked through. 9ave you been upset V 'Hush, Maggie—r.o questions !' Jack said, breathlessly. ' You are a brave girl—be brave no*-. The house is being surrounded. Twenty or thirty armed men are corn ing through the wood; you know tor what.' She staggered back against the wall, but she recovered herself. ' Where is your father,' Jack asked— 'where is uncle V ' He has not yet returned.' Js.ck stared aghast. 'Wjll he return to-night V he inquired. ' Yes he is sure to do so. He sent word this afternoon that we were to wait up for him.' ' C'onie—there is no time to lose !' He flew down-stairs. Lucy and Kate— Maggie's two sisters—and Melville, the old white-haired butler, rushed out of the dining room and stared at the two in amazement. Jack took the scared old man by the arm. 'What men have you in the house I'hesaid. ' There are none but myself, sir. The footman left to-day.' 'Then Heaven have mercy on Us,' said Jack, almost beginning to despair, for the Rib'oomen are upon 'Z2 i What fire-arms are there! .'There are iwo revolvers in Mr. Beres iord'a pressing-room, and an old ' ' Run and fetch them, Lucy ! Kate, go to your mother. Keep her quiet, and don't tell her anything as long as you can help it. Melville, go down and secure the doors and windows at the back of the house, and then come back—quick ! Maggie. come with me.' They went into the dining-room together. The supper-table was laid, and the room was brightly lighted by two immense lamps on the mantel-piece. ' They must be close at hand now,' Jack whispered. * Keep clear of these windows that face the wood. Leave them to me.' Hut Maggie rushed to one of the windows facing the dark wood and closed the shutters with trembling hands. Jack closed and secured all the others, and then went into the hall, put out the light there, and drew the great heavy bolts across the door. ' Good Heaven,' he thought, as he did so, ' my uncle might come now and be murdered" before these could be withdrawn But there was no help for it. When lack entered the dining-room, the female servants, with white lips and terror stricken faces, were all there, crowding around Maggie and old Memiile. Lucy, •with ashen face, rushed in with two revolvers. 'Take one,' said Jack to old Melville, 'and go to the back door. Don't fire unless some one attempts to enter. I will watch the front of the house.' He took one of the re volvers himself, and snatched up a carving knife from the supper-table. ' Lucy and Maggie,' he added, 'go and stay with your mother—the rest of you go upstairs. If you hear me whistle, come down, for the house will be on fire.' While he spoke he grew paler, for the storm had now abated, and the chatter of a macpie was heard distinctly two or three times in the direction of the wood.'" ' Put out the light,' he whispered quickly. The light was put out, and the servants shuffled out of the room; and then Jack stole on tip-toe into the hall. Two long windows by" the front door, barred, but without shutters, let in two streaks of light from the moon, which was now shining. He crept towards one of these windows, and crouched low under it, so as not to be seen from the outside. As he waited, the door of the din ing-room creaked and opened, and a white figure appeared. ' Who's that V whispered Jack. ' It is I,' said Maggie. 1 Let me come and be near you.' ' Quick then, and stoop low !' She was beside him in an instant. ' Sit closer to me —not before the door—closer still. There, tuck in your dress." Jack's arm went round her—the one that held the terrible carving-knife — and thus they waited in the death-like silence. Poor Maggie's heart almost ceased to beat. A doqr creaked a long way off in the still house, and she trembled. Jack pressed her closer to him, and kissed her cold forehead. At that moment the cry of a magpie was heard .again, but this time nearer the house and more subdued. Soon afterwards the shadow of a man's head appeared on the floor. They drew their breath more quickly—the shadow disappeared. There were whispers outside, and then there was aslightpush, as of a man's shoulder, against the door. Then came a pause—an awful pause—and then the blow of the butt-end of a blunderbuss against the door-panel. Maggie almost shrieked ; Jack made a spring to get to his feet, but he was arrested by the sound of a subdued but angry voice outsid'6. 'Not yet—not yet !' it said with an oath. Jack and Maggie stared at each other in wild amazement, for the voice was that of their cousin Hubert. 'Go round to the back, one of you,' it con tinued,and see if there ia a light in the'old foi's bed-room—the second window over the back entrance. Quick !' 'Is there a light in your father's room?' Jack asked hurriedly. ' Yes,,: Maggie whispered. ' Go and put it oat, Maggie. Stoop low before the window. Be quick back again.'" \- Maggie vanished noiselessly.—In a minute she returned and in silence crept to her former place. After a little while they heatd the man returning. ' There is no light there,' he said. - ''Goto the stables then,' said Hubert's voice, 'and to the coach-house, and see if the .pair of grays and the carriage are there.' There was a pause, during which the moon was clouded, and the twojgot on their kneea, with their ears near to. the window to listen. In the darkness "they heard the man come back and say— ' '' The carriage is not there, nor the grays, but there is a bull's-eye alight in the coach house, and two stalls laid out ready in the stabie.' :'Then he hasn't'eome back,1 said Hubert; 'but he is on the road. So much the better. We'il wait till dawn for him.' 'And then?' some one fJTasked. But Hubert made no answer that they could hear, and the one that asked thequastion went on, ' And then we'll fire the house ! By Heaven, wb will :•* . ' Come with trie, captain,' Hubert's voice said. „ 'Bring a few men with you, and we'll watch the drive ; the rest of you keep watch about the house. .Stab any one who attempts to get in or out; but no firing,—-no alarm, if possible. When you hear shots in our direc tion .'-And then- followed other "orders Jack and Maggie could not hear, for the speakers were moving away. The two listeners were silent for a few moments, and in that terrible interval the rude picture of the envelope—a man lying on his face, dead, with four women weeping over him—rose up before poor Maggie. She sank low upon her knees, covering her face With her-hands. \- , ' Oh, Heaven,' she murmured, id her des pair, ' he will fall into their hands ! Is there no way of escape for him ?' ;*• r-~jl J Jack'sprang to his feet, and took one of her hands.. , ' Come,' he whispered. She stood up, and healed her into the din ing-room. ' Where are you going V she whisperred, straining her eyes to see his face in the dark ness. ' To meet your father and save him if I can. Yon are safe for the present at least.' ' Oh, my darling,' she said, in agony, ' they, will kill you !' ' Hush ! Wh3fc is belotv the window of you painting-room 7 'A flower-bed.' -v;•• • ' Come—lead the way then.' ; . With a heavy and forboding heart she obeyed, and they stole up the great creaking staircase in the darkness, she leading him by the hand. On the landing her foot touched somethisg and she started back. l.Oh, oh !' cried a voice. 'Spare me— mercy !' The voice was that of one of the female servants. — ;' Silence ! All right ?' Jack said, and they stole on. . ■ There was no light, fortunately, in the little painting-room. Lucy had removed it when in search of the revolvers. Jack groped across the room and opened the case ment noiselessly with ' Maggie's help. It was piteh dark,outside. He put out his head and listened. The Tain was dripping from the, loaves as they rustled in the light wind. An owl-flapped lazily by, and a bat was whirring about in the darkness,, but there was not another sound. Not a whisper came from the wood to tell of human presence there. Jack turned into the room again, put his arms around Maggie's neck, and kissed her oold lips in silence. The next moment he was hanging in mid-air, grasping with one hand to the single bar that ran across out side the window,'andin theother therevolver and carving-knife. ' Heaven guard you, my own brave love !' was all Maggie could say, as he vanished into the darkness. She heard the thud of his feet in the soft earth below, and she leaned forward, peering into the dayknes3 .with straining eyes. ' Who's that V said the voice of a man who -came rushing round the ccrner of the house. Th^re was no answer.', ' Who's that? it re peated, louder. 'Answer, or I Jire j' ' Whisht, you bosthoon " rebuked Jack, in a low voice and in his best brogue. ' Do you want to have us all murthered alive 1 Can't you see 'twas only me that was takin' a peep ?' The man's footsteps were heard retreating around the corner of the house, and Jack sprang away on tip-toe through the tall grass of the wood. Maggie was at theopen window, still watch ing, listening, praying, with a beating heart. Suddenly the traitorous moon shone out,- and through the trees she caught a g*iimp3e of Jack running along the low wall between the wooa-and the meadow-that lay beyond. He stooped quickly into the shadow of the wall, rucr.lag along still. But it was too late. A laurel-tree he had just passed shook violently. A man crept from behind it and ran along by the wall after him, crouching in its shadow too. Maggie gasped for breath—there was a straining at her heart. She tried to shriek, but she could not. Suddenly the man sprang forward ; Jack rose at the same moment and met him. There was a struggle for a moment, a faint cry for help, them something glittered for an instant in the moonlight and one of the two fell in, and Maggie with a shriek, fell back fainting into the room. CHAPTER V., AND LAST. The sudden burst of moonlight, however, which acted in such a reprehensible manner in revealing Jack to his lurking enemy acted in a most commendable manner at about the same time two or three miles away on the high-road from Limerick; fer it there and then revealed to the coachman of Mr. Beresford that the person who had been sit ting on the box-seat beside him a few moments before—no less a person than Mr. Beresford's French valet —had just slipped off the seat, and was lying in a helpless con dition on the road a. couple of hundred yards behind! The expression on the coachman's face was at first very serious as he pulled up his horses muttering—' Oh, powers above, if the. poor Frencher isn't, dead now or niver ! Then the expression became decidedly comical, for the person who had ■ just come to grief had been protesting on the way home that he was not drunk, and that he would drink ' te viskey against any man in ze county.' ' Mr. Beresford, roused from his nap, put his head,ouLoJLthe.w.indo'sr.and shouted— ' Hallo 1 What are you stopping for ? What's up now ?' ' What's up indeed !' muttered the coach man, half to himself, decending leisurely from the box. ' What's down, ye mane, sir. Shure if'tisn't that French varmint that's been fallin' off the sate the whole night, ah's lvin' above there now all of a heap, curled up like a salmon goin' to jump !' 'Put him up igain,' said Mr. Bereaford, in in a gruff voice, though evidently amused. ' You've been making him drink, Pat, I see. Don't talk now, but put him up and get on.' Then M*r. Bereaford-pulled up the window of bis carriage, settled himself quietly into the coznfortabio caahions, and was boon doz ing again. - When tho coachman discovered that the poor Frenchman had received no hurt, he indulged in his merriment without restraint. Putting hiB hands to his sides, he appeared for a time to be suffering from some fit of an extremely painful kind, while the French man, seated quietly in the mud, looked at him in silent wonder. ' Be jabers,' said Pat, when at last he had got his voice, ' but ye'd frighten the horses of the headless coach itself if they was 2 passin' just now! Och, if the new coat isn't spoilt entirely ! Shure'n' 'twill take the thrashing machine to knock the mud out of it to-morrow !' There was another fit, and another long gazeof silent wonder. ' Get up,' cried Pat at length—' get up, ye varmint, or the sight of yo will drive away the poor sowls that's doin' their penance in the churchyard yonder Here there was a feeble attempt at a protest from the French man. ' Get up, I tell ye,' Pat continued— ' get up, and never get drunk again, or I'll get Father Murpby to exorcise ye from the altar. Come along, and don't get before tho horaes' heads, or they'll run away.' And the Frenchman, vainly endeavoring to strike an attitude and look dignified, and every now and then vociferating ' M'sieur, prenez garde—voila un Zouave ; prenez garde a votre tete '' was pushed along and deposited safely on the box-seat again. Then the horaes set off at a quick trot down the hill. It was fated, however, that they were to meet with another chock, and the Frenchman was yet to have another descent. At tho foot of tho hill tt&s; a sharp turning round the angle of a high wail. As the carriago trer.t quickly round this, a man jumped suddenly through the bushes at one side of the road, seized" the reins of both horses, and' threw them back with a jerk ou to their haunches. Quickly, and this time very nimbly the Frenchman slipped from his seat to the fground. The coachman, however, whether from superior bravery or the diffi culty—of—rutmmg -awayv remained in-his position, and quietly;put his hand under tho soat,-vrhenco he drew a -long duelling pistol. -This he'nimpd at-tlve-mau-yrho atiU .hplri tho reins of the panting horses. The fuuction of thia_pis±.ol. was putely_.ornamentaU_.as_ it was unloaded, but Fat though knowing this, aimed it with a bloodthirsty determination, shouting— •' Let go them reins, my man, or your blood be on your own head !' Pat, you fool, don't you know me ? Ba silent for your life ! 'Powers alive,1 exclaimed Pat, throwing the pistol under the seat with a recklessness, that revealed his knowledge of its utter harm lessness, if it ain'i; Masther Jack !' . ■ 1 Jack, Jack,' cried Mr. Beresford, in an angry voice, as his nephew approached the carriage-window, ' what the mischief brings you here at such an hour ? You may thank your stars I hadn't my revolver, or I should have shot you for a highwayman. Good Heaven, boy,' he went on, observing his nephew's pale, anxious face more closely, 'is anything the matter ?' ' Come out of the carriage- as quickly -as you can, uncle,' requested Jack, opening the door. ' Something is the matter.' ' What do you mean?' said Mr. Beresford, quickly, without stirring. ~ There is no time for many questions,' Jack answered, hurriedly — ' every moment is precious. This is all you need know at present—your house is surrounded by the Ribbonmen. , If .you want, to save yourself and your family, do as I tell you.' ... , _ ' Good Heaven, are you a madman •. cried his uncle, his old face: lighted up noir-*ith a terrible fire. 'You tell me my house is sqrrounded, and;stop,rue. hore^on the-bigh.-. way! Drive oii —drive on, will you !'lie shouted to the coachman. ;' Stop !! Jack called, in a subdued, earnest voice. '.Hang it, sir, can't you see.that you are driving to certain "death, and, what is rciore, destroying all chance of rescuing your family V ;' I know this, that those fiends may be afc this moment battering in my doors or setting fire to the house.' __ ... '' There is no fear ofthat,' Jack answered — ' they .aret .waiting ^qrI0ypu.;- They .know; you haven't returned,' as the grays are not iii nor the carriage." .'-They'-win wait for you ti|l dawn, and then they will fire the bouse.' j'How do you know all r,this r?'. his , uncle asked. . i'From their own lips.I; was-listening within your own door an hour ago when they were talking outsid&.'OI.lL'.I J. ! In silent wonder the old man looked at his nephew for one brief moment. Perhaps some-' thing in the young man's earnest face decided him, for he stopd.up immediately} _ i got out qb tp.Jthe cosid, .apd. said— • ■ i • j' I will be led by you, Jack.'- Now i what are you goirtg to do ?' 1' There is some time yet; till dawn,' .Jack; answered, glancing at the moon. ' You stay ! here with--these two;-:.Here'sl my irevolver; I jsvill take the carriage, drive to tho nexfc police-barraok„and. bring back, what-help I cain. Then we'musb. trust to-PrOvidence.' ■ • IHe had jumped on the coachman's seat, taken the reins in his hand, and; was now trptting back up the hill. On.ce over, the brow of it, the whip twined around the flanks of the spirited grays) and: away they went at a gallop, clattering between thick hedges or high walls, or over the lonely, dangerous bog-roads, whilst the carriage was jerked out of the ruts, or rattled over the stones, rumbling and whirling along through the quiet night, so that the few peasants in the few cottages by the roadside rose in their beds for a moment and dressed themselves, thinking that they heaxd tha^ 'ieadlesa coach,' and that Death was going his rounds. And all the time Mr. Beresford was "waiting by the roadside. He .stood erect in the shadow of one of his own oaks and watched with eyes that never wandered the house where all he loved on earth lay at the mercy of men that hated him with the savageness of a hatred stored up for years. What were his thoughts on that, quiet summer night 1' Was he thinking of the wretched ones whom _he had made homeless—poor good-for-no thing wanderers ? Did his ears catch fully no|w their curses as they stood by the .road side looking toward the liome3 thev dared not enter again 1 He alone knew. jBe was an old man now. His hair ?,-as. white, and, though there was a certain freshness in his. face, one could ees that for him the best part of life had long since passed into memory. Initho fixed look and attitude there were no signs of personal fear, but within his breast there was evidently self-questioning as to the cause of (he present danger to those dear to him. It was a long and n eary waiting. ' Will he never come 1 Oh, will he never come ?' he thought, often and often, as the slow minutes dragged on, and yet no sound was heard. The moon had now set, and the woods, the still" fields, the sleeping cattle, the house and its silent^ watchers were shrouded in darkness. Once Mr. Beresford started, and : whispered to his coachman, with something of terror in his voice— ' Is not that a light there moving through the trees beside the house V 'iNo, sir,' he answered. Bless you, that's a will-o'-the-wisp in the bog!'' At last the coachman, who had been listening with-his ear close to the-' ground, lifted his head suddenly, and said, 'They're comin'—and precious -quickly* I'd know the tramp of the grays anywhere. They must be at this side of the.turnpike now.'— Mr. Beresford stooped to listen, but could hear nothing. , -JSoon jhowever the clatter and rumble of a pair of horses- and a carriage were-.heardi in-the distance. - Nearer' and nearer drew the. sounds. At last, the horses reached the brow of the hill, and then the pace was slackened lest their approach should1 be heard'in the wood. The next moment the grays came at a trot round the corner where Mr. Beresford and hia servants were waiting. '• ' Where areyoul', said Jack's voice, as the horses were pulled up. ■ ' Here,''.replied his .uncle from the dark ness. • - 1 '■ *• 'G.etup then,' said Jack.- 'Quick ! Hero, beside me.' • Mr. Beresford smelt, though he could not see, the hot steam of his beautiful grays as he mounted the box. Th.e carriage was full of men; several were huddbd together about the box and on the roof. ' How many have you, got!' he asked, as they drove slowly on. 'Twelve,' said Jack; 'but. that's enough. Two brave fellows had to run the whole way, holding on behind.. Be ready with your re volvcr, uncle, ■ he added, taking one that he had procured for himself in his hand with the "reins. So they went on till they came near Liscarra gate ; then Jack pulled up the horses. Now get down, every one,' he said in a whisper. They did so. Then Jack said, still sitting on the box with the reins in his hands, shall "go slowly up the drive with the carriage; that will draw them out, I think. Follow me a little way behind, and be ready for my whistle.' When they came to the gate, there was a pause; no one wished to run the risk of being the first to be shot. But Mr. Beresford came forward and unloosed the chain; the gates swung open with a squeak, and the carriage entered. Jack immediately guided the horses on to the grass beside the drive, in order to conceal their approach; his uncle and the others fol lowed a few hundred yards behind, stealthily, and with rifles at full-cock. The carriage-drive was halfamile in length, and approached the house by a wido sweep; on either side, at a distance of about thirty yards, were rows of tall chestnuts. As Jack drove slowly along, his eyes scanned the dark shadows of these, and his cars were intent for the slightest sound. Every moment he ex pected to see a flash from a pistol or a blun derbuss, and to hear the whirr of a bullet or the rush of terrible slugs; but he saw nothing but the black outlines of the chestnuts—not a sound was there but that of the light v-'ind passing over the land like a sigh at tho ap proach of dawn. Ho. shuddered, for tho silence had something terrible and oppressive in it. He began to fear they should be too late, and his fancy played strange tricks vrith him, showing him black clouds ofsmoko ris ing~up in the direction of the house. But soon a light flickered through the opening of the chestnuts—a small solitary light, showing where the hoase stood silently awaiting its doom,; Not far from the front entrance, beside the carriage-drive, three or four weeping willows grew together, with branches reaching down to tho ground. Jack knew of these, and had thought of them all along as a likely hiding place. As he drew near them his heart beat .faster, as, with the reins in.' one haud. and the revolver in the other, ho sat leaning for ward peering into the darkness to catch a glimpse of them. At last ho was near enough to see thonu Not a leaf stirred, not a sound came from them. One of the grays however, jerking up her head, gave a quick frightened snort; It was answered by a neigh from behind the willows. In'an instant tho" branches stirred, and • the cry o£ a niagpio wis heard from three or four places at cmce. .' Now_ior it.!' thought Jack,-as he-turned tho greys on to the drive, and putting his fingers to his lips, he gave a shrill whistle. With the loose roins ho lashed on the grays. As they passed the willows at a gallop, they came against something placed across their path. With a plunge and a jerk that smashed the carriage-pole like a reed, they tumbled over it, and Jack was thrown violently from his seat in between them. As he struggled to extricate himself the branches of the wil lows parted, there was a flashing of lights in the darkness, five , shots rang out into tho quiet night, L and .the carriage-panels were smatched to atoms. Then followed a scene of mad confusion. Three wild shrieks came from the house, torches blazed out in twenty places in a moment — there were cries and curses and shouts. ' Have you got him ?'' Is he dead V 'Break open the carriage !' ' Finish him !' ' Fire the house!' In the blaze of the torches could, be seen the fierce faces of men rushing from all directions towards the carriage. Presently the voice of Mr. Beresford was heard shouting— ' Now, ray lads—steadily ! Take aim at the rascals! —Twelve rifle-shots rattled together, the balls whirring over Jack's head, as he lay still between the plunging horses. Then the confusion increased tenfold. The Rib bonmen held their ground for a few mo ments,,and fired back in answer. But sp.on the" torched were thrown away, and one of those thit had .fired into ; the carriage, jumping on "to a 'horse that stood ready saddled Py .the willows,.ahauted-—-. ' "vRuri for' It, every one of you, into the •wood, and save yourselves !' 'Nofc-so quickly !' Mr. Beresford shouted, rushing, towards him, r and firing hia,re volver. - - - " The other turned, and with a half-pike in his hand.rode towards Mr. Beresford.. "'But Jack was on ; his legs now, and, j;goeing-his uncle's danger, fired three barrels 'of hh're yolver at bis assailant. ., The man's uplifted Tiglit'anp fell disabled to His. ..side,' and the ..wsajwn^drQppedto- the -,:ground; he turned towards Jack and tried to ride him down, .but failed. - • ' Curse you, whoever, you are !' hi3; mut tered,- and, managing;, the, 'bridle, .with_his left hand, he rode away into the darkness. -; Jack and his uncle • were left alone now, for the Ribbonmen had fled In all directions through the wood, arid the-constatulary had followed them. , r^. T ' Are' yon hurtj uncle;?'';''J^(ilcJ."5Scfid, anxiously. ..• .Vji'n-ja *'»VbV:V» j ITo, :thinksio .'you, 'j myibnam ibayt /.But /or'you that feliowijwouid- iaveidoni'for ine. -But yourself1?' 'Not a scratch, uncle,!, .Come—they must (be Very anxious'within.i Ocl ' It is strange,' he said, as they went to wards the Jiouse."- fellow's vt)ice"was familiar to me.' Who could it bo V 'Terry O'Brien probably,-' -Jack.replied. It ■was well,-he thought,' thafchis- ancle-should not. knowrjust yet that it was his nephew ■ and heir.that sought- to l kill himi nr. q t0 ..They. knocked- loudly at the great oaken door. ' ; ii? : :4 Who's there ?1', dema.niJed :So^eVne, from the inside, .though 'no! JigbtTyet'iappeared;in the. hall. _'.v V_- h •„(:..<•••. -V-=K i'.Ib is,I..11 issafe. Open !' ,„said J^fr. Beresford. ■ U? • J The door Wa3 opened by;old'Melville,,and he entered. .As, he j did sp 'a ,,^hite figure rushed from the darkness of the hall towards him; two fair arms -were 'thrown round his neck, and a; young-fnce'nesHed on his breast. 'Maggie, my. darling child.!', the old man said in a tremulous voice' as he" kissed her forehead. She looked up suddenly.. / 'And, Jack'?' she interrogated., , ' You hare,-seen him 1 ; Where is he 1 Is he. safe ? ' Here, Maggie,' said Jack, standing bo Kidp npr She turned to him with a low cry of joy, stretching out both, her.hands: He took them in his, and bent over them in silence; and then, in that moment of supreme happiness, she seemed to forget' everything but the thought which was uppermost in her heart, for she said, in a low, tender voice— 'My darling;! Then Heaven has heard my prayer, and spared yo.u to. me." . Her father he;ird her, and watched her, a new light breaking in upon him. ' And your mother, Maggie ? ' Where is she V he asked. She entered at that moment, very pale, followed by her two other daughters and the servants with lights ; and then there were embraces, and glad, happy smiles, and not a few tears of joy, for Mr. Beresford was beloved by all his househoji; and in the midst of it all the sergeant of police entered. Every eye was ;turned to wards him. Jack and Maggie watched his face, and with an interest peculiar- to th'ejri Belye3 waited for his first word.. A weight seemed lifted from both' their minds when -heiaid,,in a disappointed, tone-—■?• ,;y 'It's of no use,, sir.' W_e 'can't do :anything until dawn.1 'Have you made np arre3ta ?■ 'No,/ sir.' 'Then I'm glad of it—right glad of it,' Baid Mr Beresford, to the: surprise of ulLA 'It wilj make the future, easier for .all of us. Nopr, sergeant, put yourself: alid; your men under the command of Melville^ here—that's-, the; best thing you can do. -Hd will-Jmake you comfortable till daybreak.' : The consequence of' this ■ suggestion waB that the night was wound lip with much fes tivity below-stairs, and that Mr. Beresford and his family, in their quiet pitting-room, heard such sounds as. these• as the door .opened-.fora moment belowr—'Mr Jack Bores-; ford for ever, boy a ! Hero's to;'him ! Hip, hip, hurrah !' Mr. Beresford and hi3 familj^had sat down Ito supper, but little w^b spoken at .it, and nothing was jeaten except by ,him and-his nephew. Now they sab together; enjoying.] the'pleasant, bulling sensation- of security after^a great danger: Mrs. Beresford, sit ting by her husband's side, broke the sjlence,, 'Tell me the whole story from first to last, Cape). I know but little of it as it is, and I cannot sleep until I have heard it all. 'It would pain you to hear, it, Jane",' Jior: husband said, atroking her white hair ten- i derly. 'It is better to wait till daylight;'. 'Pooh !' she returned, smiling.'- 'Youought to know me better. Remember what I did long ago, when my father's house was at tacked by Whiteboys. Why none, of my brothers were braver ! Come, begin.' 'Faith, you had better not ask me,'he said, sipping his port vrith more than usual relish. 'Ask Jack here—he is the man that has saved us all.' And then Mrs Beresford insisting, Jack began, taking care to make no mention of Hubert, and in a very simple, unpretending manner, as became a simple, unpretending gentleman, he told the story of as bright apiece of heroism as any young lady might like to cherish the memory of in connection with a handsome youth who was her -lover. -' As he went on Mrs Beresford took herhusband's hand and presseditoverynow and then ;andMaggio: seated on alow stool by her sister's chair watched from theshadow him whomafew hours before she had seen face death for the sake of her and those dear to her. The kiss that he hid given her at the window wai still ting ling on her lips ; his words of tho previous evening—'Everything will be dreary now, Maggie'—werestill ringing in her ears. When he had finished, Mrs. Beresford got up, put her arms around his neck, and kissed him as she used to do years and year; before. But no one spoke, and in the silence the old man's hand rose up and rested 011 the back of Jack's chair, and then it went round and rested on Jack's shoulder, and tho old eyelids were pressed closely together two or three times, and the old voico said, tenderly— 'Jack, my boy, may heaven bless you for this ! Poor Jack began to feel that ho was about to act like a baby, and stood up, took out his watch, and contemplated it for an unreason able longth of time. 'Hallo !' he said, in a rather high-pitched voice. 'Why, it's 4 o'clockThey will bo shocked at my late hours at home. I must go this instant.' They all stared in amazement. Maggie looked beseechingly at hirii, but he would not notice hor. ' Go said his uncle. '-Why, what do you mean, Jack 1 Stay where you are, sir ; I'll send a messenger over. I'ing, Lucy, and tell them to get Jack's room ready. Yes, Jack, my boy.' ho went on in a softer voice; ' and if you like you need never go away again.' He looked at Maggie as ho spoke. 'Come here, Maggie,' he'said; 'come anu help tr.e to ask Jack to str.v.' Maggie came to nu>, blushing furiously. 'Now, Maggie, do you still care for this silly boy r{' ' Oh, I like Jack !' she said, looking down, while Ivats and Lucy tittered. It was Jack's turn now to blush. There wa3 a pleasant sparkle in Mr. Beresford's "eyes as he said— " ( 1 Why, Maggie, it'si a whole year. I think, rsinct I parted you'two ! You don't mean to say that you still—' ' Oh, we're met a few times since,' Maggie interposed. — -- 'Oh, Maggie,. Maggie, you wicked girl!' said her father, with mock severity. ''Well, well, Jack, you know the love I had always had for you; but you see l bad a foolish wish that Maggie here should be Hubert's wife. But I see things better' norrthan I<iid before to-night. I think you like her better than Hubert does, and I think she likes ybu! a little better than she does him. By the way, Jack, would you like a trip abroad ? STes, Jack would decidedly like a trip abroad. ' Well, then, you'll come with us. Jack, and Hubert—why, Hubert may stay at home with his debts. Now you may kiss er.ch other.' -7 And then the young lady, wlnse little heart was bounding with joy, turned up a cold cheek, which the young gentleman, who did not know whether he was standing on his head or his heels, kissed in the coldest and most- ceremonious manner possible. It;so hsppened, however, that^Jack was a sinoker, and he protested that he conld not sleep un less he had his cigar. So, as a special favor, he was left alone in the dining-room to enjoy it. And it happened, moreover, that, when the girls got to their common boudoir, Lucy became conscious that she had left a ring on the mantel-piece in the sitting room, and, with a sad attempt at a grave face, requested Maggie to fetch it, which Maggie, like an obedient sister, did. And then the long look and the_long.kiss jwere given, the- sweet, tender words, to be treasured up and never to.be forgotten, were spoken, and the two hearts were again_bea,ting each for each, this time never,to be torn' asunder. On the afternoon of that day Mr. Beresford and his family, accompanied by Jack, quitted Liscarra for the continent, all of them glad enough to be away from the fuss and the babble that ensued after the night attack. Four days afterwards news was brought to them in Paris that the dead body of Hubert Beresford was foundafloatonthelake;hisright arm broken by a "pistol-shot, and in his belt a revolver which had lately been discharged. He had been drowned, it was conjectured, in trying to scull across the lake with his un w^unded arm. No suggestion was offered: as, to how he received his-wound, but there were strange whispers on the subject in Lis carra itself. The family of course were horror stricken at the news ; but no one mourned fop him—no one except the one. poor woman ha had wronged so cruelly. . There - were many reason why Mr.. Beresford rat*--least shjould feel little sorrow at his fate; for his favorite Jack was now his heir, and would succeed to the broad lands of Ballymore. He wished, howevep^ titvb inquiries^houlcb be; instituted concerning his nephew's death. But, after a long consultation with Jack, to which Maggie was summoned as a witness, he wrote to his aeenb telling him to Bpare-.no pains or money ia hashing'up-kll inquiry on this siihjpch nf ftbnllh ni^>iK»hhuil.-T And thp agent was so far successful that they, were allowed to remain abroad in peape. (J ,; Personal.—Last summer I had the good fortune to .be^rone of a distinguished party who were being 'entertained-by Lord Mini ster during the grouse.shooting season at his castle on the bants of the Shannon, near Lough Derg. A^few, mornings after;: ray ar rival I found amongst my letters two en velopes bearing ehe same crest. In one of them was a card bearing the following legend— • • • : r f Mr. and^Irs./I £eresford.< -'At'.home* Thursday evening, 17th of August. Dancing to commence at 10 o'clock. Lisca'rra :-' H3use,: loth August. . , 1 Mr. Dash.' In the other wa3 i note from a person who' signed himself 'Jack,1 and who'threatened extreme penalties if Mr. Dash attempted tt> decline the accompanying invitation. . The note wound up with, a command, that as soon as possible the said'Mr. Dash should repair to Liscarra House, and there take up his quarters for an unlimited length of time as tho writer had snch a lot of things to say to him about old college days. As I was turning over this threatening missive, looking for the coffin and death's head which ought properly to have accom panied it, I became conscious that my com panions also' had received cards of invitation, and that the conversation had turned on the senders.;-, ;; ;; Beresforcl is* our county member, you I know,' said Lady'Manister,turning to me,the latest arrival at the ;-house; 'and his-wife is the>deftrest^qman in'^the world.', ';A rattliti'g clever fellow,' his ' lordship re .marked, chiming in; 1 but too good a land lord.; :;TJiat"a all the fault I have to find with him.' ^ {• . j i 'How's.that 1' -:I asked. '■Why, you see he is too" indulgent to his tenants—spoils them, in fact, and—puts the' rest ofus in-rather an.ugly position.' . ; . !.. *... * . * * '' ' May I have many such dances as that !' was ,my clearest defined idea,,as,we drove home, .five carriagefuls of us, by shining Loiigh Derft from Mrs. Beresford's ball. For ' the; spirit of happiness seemed to be in the air breathed by this'happy wife artdymothef; and, as for my old friend Jack, there he was as |I use ' to'know him years before, full of lifej and fun and gaiety. (-How happy he seemed ! When- we got to' Manister; and when the ladies had -disappeared in a sleepy, ghost-like procession,-wc-were summoned by our: host to the Hmoking-room. Glasses \- w,ere there filled with sparkling champagne and sparkling soda, not unmixed; and then hisilordship said, in a solemn manner— 'iTake your glasses gentlemen. For once I must propose a toast. Here's to one of -the: finest Irishwomen living, Mrs. Beres ford, and heaven bless her !' ; The health was drunk, as the newspapers i6ayj with the utmost enthusiasm, and the married men then retired. The bachelors 'remained ^however^'and puffed their cigars .in a moody!_discon3olate manner. Perhaps ttiey were thinking that the morning was too fargdrie .'to go to bed. Perhaps a passing [ thought.occurred, to them that after all the state, of single^ blessedness is not the ideally happy one. ' . ■ 