THE CLEVELAND (U.S.A.) . TRAITORS. ? ' ' FREETRADE DENOUNCED IN ?'. CALIFORNIA. FIVE MOST ELOQUENT PAPERS, CONSTITUTING A PERFECT :, , IMPEACHMENT. i ? The Sun Francisco Argonaut, the r leading magazine-newspaper and a most roliable authority in California (U.S.A.), 1 ' has pnblishod a perfect impeachment of the Cleveland ' party (freetraders) in a series of articles condemnatory of their policy, and advocativo of that glorious one which has built up to their prosent united greatness, the federal State3 of , America. Some of its articles to hand in Ame rican files by the last mail are so good, so instructive here, to those of our N. S. Welshmen as aro pausing in hesitation -, in the straight path of duty that we can not refrain from publishing them. Wo shall do that to the number of five — long and short, ono eacli day till 'finished, starting as follows with the denunciation the Argonaut wrote on the first session of the latest American Con gress opening on the 4th December last : — No. I. On Mondny, the fourth day of Decem ber, the fifty-third Congress assombled for its rognlar session. There is much for it to do. Not since tho dark days of the great rebellion has an American Congress boon confronted with such a condition of things as exists in this country to-day. By the verdict of the elections the people hold tho Demo cratic party responsible for tho present deplorable condition. That party is in an overwhelming majority in the Con gress, and controls — or is controlled by — tho Executive. Yet, although in full power, and controlling the three branches of the Government, the Democratic party baits and betrays timidity when Congress convones. Let us see what they will do. Mr. Cleveland has laid before Con gress a message which is of great length. Much of it, however is unimportant. Tho three topics upon which the people looked for light were the tariff question, tho silvor quostion, and tho Hawaiian question. As to tbo silver- question, Mr. Clove land appears to be changing his point of view. The expected ' revival of trade ' and ' wave of prosperity ' which were to follow repeal have not been materialized. There is no prospect of their doing so in the near future. Considering the pres sure Mr. Cleveland brought to bear upon Congress to bring about repeal, it is not to be wondered at that its failure to re vive business must cause him deep disap pointment. However, he expresses him self upon the silver question in these cautious words : ' The recent repeal of the provision of tlie law requiring the purchase of .silver bullion by the Government as a feature of our mone tary scheme, made an entire change in the complexion of currency affairs. 1 do not doubt that the ultimate result of this action will be most salutary and far-seeing. In the nature of tilings, however, it is impossible to know at this time precisely what conditions will bo brought abuut by the change, or what, if any,' supplementary legislation may, in the light ot such conditions appear to be essential or expedient. ... In these circumstances I am convinced that a reason able delay in dealing with this subject, in stead of being injurious, will increase the probability of wise action.' It is not unamusing to note the philo sophic claim with which Mr. Cleveland counsels ' reasonable delay ' in silver legislation when we reflect on his heated henchmen of six weeks ago, and their wild cries — ' We want no debate ! We want repeal ! And we want it now !' Well, Mr. Cleveland and his hench men have repeal. But up to date it has brought no relief to the crippled indus tries of the country, and, as for the Democratic party, they derive cold comfort from it when they rusfully con sider the November elections. . Concerning the tariff question also, Mr. Cleveland seems to have experienced a change of heart. Listen : While wo should stanchly adhere to the principle that only the necessity of revenue justifies the imposition of tariff duties and other Federal taxation, and that, they should be limited by strict economy, we cannot close our eyes to the fact that conditions have grown-up among us which in justice and fairness call fo discrimin ting care in taxation as the emergency of the government actually demands. This does not sound much like Mr. Cleveland's flat-footed free-trade pron unciamicnto of 1887. Nor does it sound like the declaration of the Democratic platform upon which he was elected : ' We denounce Protection as a fraud ; a robbery of the majority of the American people for the Protection of the few.' The wild-eyed reformer of 1892 is now quite tame and gentle ; the celebrated British free-trade lion, ' Grovcr Cleve land,' now roars you as gently as any sucking dove. Our Democratic contemporaries have repelled with much vigor the charges ihat the panic of 1893 and the present deplorable condition of American indus tries were due to threats of Democratic tariff-tinkering. If this be true, and if the tariff had nothing to do with the Democratic panic, why this extreme moderation ? Mr. Cleveland is begin ning to talk like a protection-Democrat. Has the ghost of Samuel Rendall ceme back to glimpses of the moon, to haunt the White House ? Mr, Cleveland in his message tells Congress what the Ways and Means Committee are going to do, and informs them them that the committee ' have in cluded in their plans a few additional internal revenue taxes, including a small tax upon incomes derived from certain corporations.' This is an extraordinary ?admission for an American President to make. Mr. Cleveland's friends have denied tbat he has meddled with legisla tion in the Senate or the House. Yet here, .over his own signature, in an executive document, his admits his intimate knowledge of the report of a congressional committee — a committee whose majority members have been deli berating in secret — a committee whose minority members are in utter ignorance of their colleagues' work — a committee whose report has not yet been laid before the House of Representatives. Yet with this report Mr. Cleveland is so familiar that he instructs Congress as to its contents. It seems to us that under the Democratic party — the 'party of constitutionalism' — wo are running peril ously near to one-man power and dicta torship. Concerning the Hawaiian question, Mr. Cleveland apparently has not changed his mind. Ho maintains that Mr. Blount's report ; shows beyond all question that the monarchy was over thrown by the active aid of the Ameri can Minister.' Tho message goes on to say: ' With the view of accomplishing this re sult — to restore as far as practicable the sta tus existing at the time of our forcible inter vention — within the constitutional limits of executive power, and recognising all our obli gations and responsibilities, growing out of any changed condition brought about by our unjustifiable interference, our present Minis ter to Hawaii lias received appropriate in structions to that end.' This means that Minister Willis has instructions to restore tho monarchy. If these instructions aro carried out, the Cleveland administration will bo doing exactly what it condemned the Harrison administration for doing — to wit, over turning a friendly government. This journal has from the first been opposed to annexation. But opposing annexa tion and advocating monarchy aro two very different tilings. There is a govern ment in Hawaii — a dcj'acto government. It is republican in form. If it is not what the Hawaiian people want, they can overturn it. They can replace it with whatsoever form of government best pleases them. But if the present Democratic administration of tho United States overturns a republican govern ment, no matter how begotten, and re places it with a monarchical government, no matter how overthrown, it will be the death-knell of the Democratic party, which is already very, very ill. [Since the writing of the above, the Tariff Bill of the Cleveland party has passed Congress with modifications ad mitting free only certain raw products. A later wire states that the Senate will modify it even more. Wo commend the nbove article to our readors, in those parts where it argues for Protection'3 continuance, and that part, tho latter, where it exposes tho Democrats, as royalists in disguise, which they always were. Ed. N.A.] 