vBibf5l£cdr#*?llerP-.' AN OR!G[NAL B&lELE.s; ' A TALE OF THE AMERICAN WAR. ? ?;; ? ♦ilOi--JiAv6Vl- AP-j'EIlt-Vl7'' -??'?? /- ?£.'.-. ' A RCHRMR OF LIFE. . ..,. ... (Continued.). ' Oh, pupa, the vt-rv posiibihty of what you Hu.-t'Uat iiiakon life appear buduiifol. Tliu itl-»u ot » loiisont !' 4 O'uil.veutH^iiri! ilm. triumph of. idiocy. If bad Guillen couni Im. nlnu up. and ruaJe to : Bay pray--rs tuoal of llie tiuirf, no barm at least 'would b« tin, io — tbp good problematical ; but,,, to iiuui.ujM, tt wi.uiuu of sweet, natural, Goti-beatbwed impulaon ia the devil's worst prao'iicol' jok«' iu thin woild. Come, little girl, it's' laio. 'I biiik over the BcliHme ; try it;'»H.you ha»e a leha'icc ; u«e your power, to incite mon to iu«ke the moat aud beat uee of theiriielves. Tlii's is holier titan levying your littVe!,''iribcfteT'ul fli*tt«ry and attention like olh«r ixSHeN— h I'liaHH ol life as ooui'jaon as cohblo-sloneH t.nd hh old uh vanity.. For inataiice; yiiu liavo hu' iirtiHi aiiiouK' your frieudH. Posaibiy you can nuiko him a better far i in Hud a ietier feilow iu «*ery wuy. Drop nil 'rnuffi'aiid'Btioka; dou't waite'y(»ar t elf on tbem. Huvo ci)TiHiilorul»l-- ulmrity fur tome oKK'the,!.' wild lellowe, '. none '???'??lor their ldUyJ, sVid from' tho- Hi«rt.ti)le Mle no leudpiicicH lonard 'i-euiiinpiitaliiy. You will find that the imjn who ?diuim girig benl tin making eyes rathoritl a i makiriK men w II soon dinappenr. S;jnBili|p fellovtH wou'tuiuiuraiand you, even iliou^ji prompted lo ;iiiore( tbBii.fr.iiiudehip ^ ami yon, yiiu'will liav« a circle' oflrienilH of vihiob auy : vroinan miglit be proud.. Of course you will find at damn that unspoken nn^ativeH will not satiHly;;; ,huMi,f:a;.wjopi«n]has taot, jrobd aeuHC, oiid tiiiicurity, her punition ia 'impreg nabler 'AR-|nn|r-ua-ilie i«-npt inclined- to lovo a iiiiiii hernelf, bill Riie oun, b* a mere glance, not only define her position, but delrnil it.. By simple, dignity and reserve ?hn eajLH.Sy.Jq.nJ!,;4 Thus far aud no Jf^rtjier/ If, without eticonraii({enieiit, any one sefcks ? ti- brenkii.lhrmufhj this, barrier, lie ' meets a (|uiet'ri'«'gBt(v»i i wliich ht) must roapcot, 'and in trie'' li'cai'i.ciiie'B reipeot. Now, little girl, to mini iip.yjmr, vi»'f. with its long talks and tlieir drainalio and unexpected illustration, 1 \- sna nothing to prevent yon fromgoifijr tor tvnrdjatjd making the bent and rrioat of your life a'ccoriliiiK,, loj nuturo : and tin til. You Jmve a good start; 'and. a rather hotter chance Hmn fall' to the lot of the majority.' ' 'I'ruiy.'.Hkid Marian, thoughtfully, 'we don't uppei^r,, to grow old and change by, time K-jinn«jli:BH riy wljat happeni— hy what we think 'niul fool. Every thing appears changed iuoiudiiigj'ynu and j myself.' '? ?' '^lt'.a niore in apie'ar'ance than in reality. You will find the jtuper.us of your old life so atronp1 that itwillj be hnrd evenJto obangei the' direction of, thu current. You will be much the- euiue ou,t warily, as I a«id before. The str'paua . willj flow throughi the same channel of characjteriritic traits,- and habits. The vitarchan(re iuu«t he in the stream itiolf — the uiotivo fromj which hfo springs.' How, true her fatlierjB words, aeemed on the following. evenini/ after her return 1 Hpr mother, as she Batjdown to thttir dainty lilMe dinner, looked, us if her eerenity had heen undiatorhed by djaingle perpluxiug thought dnring the past ftlw days. There wan the same elegant, -oi rather yuutlihil costume /or; a lady, of her years; the hbiuo smiling face, not: yel so loll in its outline as tu have lost all its girliuli boauty. litwas marred by few evidences of oare and trouble, nor was it' Apiritualiieri ' by thought or deep experience. Maritt'rj' observed, her closely, not with any disposition towards cold or conscious criticism, but in order thitt she might better understand the conditions of her own|lile. Sbe also, luid ' a wakening curiosity to know jdat what tier mother was to her father and he to her. The hope wa« forming thst she could make them more to each other. Shu had too much taot to| believe that this cnnld be done hy general exjiortntioni'. ' II anything wjasto be,uccnu pliabed it must he' by metb'oda so fine and unobtrusive as to be scarcely recognisedr Her;father's inuerlile -had been a rovela tion to her, and. she was .led to/queiy : ' VVhyj doflaJnot-mamtna undorstandi'ii ? Can she understand it?, Thoroforo sho, listened attentively,' to;' the details- .of \ w bat i Had happened 'ia 'her obse/'cei Sho w'oiiey iu vain for any searching aud iuteUigcitt quts tions concerning the ab'sunt liuwba'id. Be yond that he was noil, aud that ovurything about thu bouse whu j'JHt uh aha had left it, Mrs. Vosborgb appeared to have nojiutorust; Sbe was i voluble over little household affair*,' the novel that just then absorbsd her, and especially the callers and their chagrin'1 at at finding (he young girl absent. . * Only the millionnairo widower remained any-length of time when lcarniiigjhat you, were away,' said the lady?' and 'he spent nibstiofjlin evening with me. I aiisuro you be is a very nice, entertninimg old fnllovi.' . 'How did he entertain yon 7 What did beutulk about ?-' ' Lot me romembur. Now I think of it, what didn't he talk about? Ho is one of the most ogreeahl j gossips I over mot — knows, everybody and everything. ,Ho haa at^ ?,h'ii ' finger . audsf , . the' his ? * tory ofall' who5 were* belles' in my time, and ' (complaoeutly) *. I find that few have done better tban.l, while some, with .ad their opportunities, chose very crooked slicks.' ' You,-are right,- mamma. It xeems to mo that neither of us half appreciates papa. Ue irorks right ori's'o' quietly and stoudily, and yet he is not a machine, but a 'man.' ' Oh, I appreciate him. Nine out of ton that he might him) married would havo made him no end of trouble J don't mako him nay. Woll, after talking about the peopo wo UBcd to know, Mr. Lanniere began a tirade against the times1 and ? the war, which he says have cost him a hundred IhotiNBiid dollars ; bnt he took euro in a quiet way to let me know that be has n good tunny hnndred thousands lelt. 1 dcclaro,' Marinn yen might do a great denl.worao.' ? ' Do yon not think. I might do a, great deal better'?,' thnyoong girl asked, with' a frown, ? 'I have no doubt you think so. Girls will be romantic, I was, myself ; bnt as oua ' goes on' in lite one finds that a million, more ' or 'less, in a. very .cp'n)t--r(able\'faot. Mr.' Lanai,nro has a fine house, in town, but hr'a a great; traveller, and ' an habitue ni the ? fwsi notulB bl this country and Europe. You ' could. aee, tho world with him oil is golden :aide,S-' ' ' . '\ _ ',-??' * .'?'; «'Wp11 mamint, I want a -' man— not a frabitut;. . Wuat'a uiore; l:uiu_Bl, be in.lovu '.v,'ith the. raan,-oribe wonH stand, the ghost of n' chance'. '' So'yo'u bp» tiie'proBpects are that vou will have me on ynur hands indefinitely. MjK LinjTior.*, indeed ! What should I be bnt a part of his ponsnsaions — anothor expen M»e luxury in bis luxurious life ? I want a iimn like papa— earnest, large-brained, and large-hearted— who, -instead . of iriv'«ighiog fi^ainst^tho tirnrs, is ahsorVd in the vital -ii-e«Tion8 of »he day, and bis d'ing- bia part tO;Snlv,e..thjgm i, rightly. ;, I vyjuld, liaje. t,o' take M t'. Lnhc'ipre into'a military hospital of*ceme '.rry, and i^how him what the war has cost other m«n.' (To be continued.); 