Local and General. A Profitable Chop. — A farmer near Kempsey has done phenomenally well out of potatoes this year. He has already shipped 100 tons to Syd- ney, and has about 140 tons more on hand, all from 2-1 acres of land. His nett profit is put down at between £500 and £600.— Coraki Herald. Williams River farmers please note. ILLNESS. — We are sorry to learn that Mr J. A. Gorton, of Glen Wil- liam, is seriously ill from an attack of pleurisy. On Monday, Dr Finlay, of Stroud, was called in consultation with Dr McMath in the case. JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.— We notice that Mr H. S. Bingle, tbe local C.P.S; has beon gazetted as a Justice of the Peace. His appointment will prove a great convenience to those who have business to transact at the local Police Court. TRUTH says there are no real free traders in N.S.Wales except the single taxers, that those who advocate a rev- enue tariff through the customs are protectionists in disguise. It claims that freetrade with a customs house is like heaven with a devil in it. THE LAND TAX QUESTION. — An in- teresting letter from the pen of Mr Thos Dunn, of Bungwall, on this sub- ject will appear in our next issue. REVISION COURT. — Tho Municipal Revision Court was held on Wednes- day. There was a full attendance of alderman. The name of T. Lowrey was inserted on the roll instead of that of his father, and the list was re vised and adopted. THE " JACK JONES CASE" — We learn that Mr M'Carthy has sent his appeal against the decision of the local Jockey Club, in the Jack Jones case, to the A.J.C. Committee, and it will be considered on February 1st. A STRANGE DISCOVERY: — A stran- ge discovery has been made in a beam taken from Casey's Hotel, George and Liverpool streets. The old timber was sold by auction, and one lot, which was knocked down at six shillings, includ- ed an old beam. Recently the purcha- ser proceeded to cut up the beam to convert it into stumps for a cottage which he was building. In sawing it be cut through some paper, and, on examining this, he found it to consist of bank notes of which there were eight of a value of £20 each. The notes, it was discovered had been let into the beam by an auger hole. EDITORIAL MOTTO. — Be just and fear not ; let the aim thou aim'st at, be thy Country's, thy God's, and Truth.' (?) This is the motto that a- dorns the leader heading of the Manning River Times. Now, is it just to place one's country before one's God, and if not, we may indeed be fearful for the truth resting upon such a fallible basis. We are sorry indeed, to find that the orthodox Editor of the Times should treat the Deity , as a household god, with no powers over the destiny of the country.- A MYSTERIOUS GHOST . — A corres pondent writes : A ghost is almost nightly seen under the shadow of the fence by tbe Oddfellows Hall, making, a straight line across the paddocks at the back. Is the resting place of the mortal body there ? that he goes and comes. LABOUR CONFERENCE. — The Inter- colonial Labor Members' Conference resolved that no system of federation would be acceptable to the democracy of Australasia that did not provide for the principle of one man one vote. Among other resolutions passed was one in favor of the establishmen of a State Bank, and for the amendment of the existing banking laws. AN ABSCONDER. — The United States Government offer a reward of £200 for the arrest of a mau named Hart, an absconder who is accused of em- bezzling £6000, and who is supposed to be in Australia. ABUSE THE TEST OF WORTH.— Sir George Dibbs says : '" The more the newspapers abuse mc the better I get on. If they only patted me on the back I should be dead in a week." DIVIDEND.— A meeting of the Com mercial Banking Company of Sydney was held on Wednesday. A dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum was declared. This is distinctly good, considering'tho large sum of money they have locked up, and on which they allow 4 1/2 per cent, to tbe unfortunate depositor, who, if he wants his own capital, has to pay 7 per cent, for the loan of it. RE-INSTATED. — The Ministry have refused to accept Mr Copeland's re- signation of Minister for Lands, and he will once again preside over the destinies of the Lands Department. Many of the Opposition are much in consed at Mr Copeland being again taken into the Ministry. RACING. — We notice that the local race horses Mount Morgan and Wal gett are entered for the principal events at the Manning River races, which are to be held on February 16th. MORE RAILWAYS. — The Public Works Committee reported to Parlia- ment in favor of the construction of the Narrabri-Moree railway at £2409 per mile, but not until the betterment principle is in operation. A POLITICAL EDITOR. — Sir Henry was recently offered the political editorship of one of the daily papers at a salary of £500 per annum, but he refused the offer. GOLD IN CIRCULATION IN THE UNITED KINGDOM — The amount of gold in circulation in Great Britain and Ireland is estimated as varying according to circumstances, from £65,000,000 to £110,000,000 sterling. CONSUMPTION OF MILK IN LONDON, — Londoners drink 9,800,000 gallons of milk yearly, - or a little more than two gallons for each man, woman, and child. ALDERMANIC. — A Murrurundi Al- derman recently used some rather strong expletives, and was sentenced to 14 days imprisonment without the option of a fine, for the offence. The Minister-for Justice, upon tho receipt of the depositions in the case, ordered his immediate release. The Murru rundi Times is up in arms about the matter, is strong on the Minister, and generally shows fight all round. ANGLICAN — We hear that the Eng- lish Church has had a most successful year for 1893, in this district Mining. — Qn' Wednesday laBt Mr Selig and Mr Sappet arrived in. Duu gog with a cake of gold, the result oE recent crushing at the Masonic Mine, Oobark. The gold was purchased by Mr Day, at the local branch of tho Bank of N. S. Walos. Tbo yiold was so encouraging that the company inr tend to orect a 10 head stamper battery as soon as possible. 