CHILDREN'S COLUMN. WALTER SCOTT, THE BOY. (BY ANDREW LANG, IN THE "BOSTON YOUTHS' COMPANION.") Most really great men are boys at heart all their lives. It is by being young and keeping young that they become and remain great. A person who is aged 60 in his heart will neither lead a forlorn hope, nor write a noble poem, nor make a considerable discovery, nor even enjoy himself much. To do any of these things or anything else worth doing needs freshness, spring, quick and eager life—qualities which a man may preserve at any age while he keeps his heart young. Of all great men Sir Walter Scott was, all his life, most a boy at heart; and few boys concerning whom we know much had more of the good points of a man. About Scott as a boy we happen to know a great deal. We have not to make guesses and piece together little hints of information as in Shakespeare's case. In 1808, after he had written his most famous poems, Scott began an account of his own life, which was found unfinished after his death. In his notes to his uncle he also brings in memories of his boyhood and the author of his life, his son-in law Mr. Lockhart, collected anecdotes from old people who survived. Thus we really know as much about the boyhood as about the manhood of Scott, And we find in him the best qualities of the right sort of boy ; abundant courage, a love of fighting and of reading about a good fight; great kindness and generosity, that there was no cruelty or rancor in his heart; a taste for day-dreaming, fancying himself among adventures, and telling his unwritten novels to his friends. These were some of the features of Sir Walter's boyhood. He was also fond of long walks, though he was lame; fond of wandering out to fish many miles away, fond of talking to shepherds, beggars, gipsies, as well as to ladies and gentlemen, so that he soon came to understand all kinds of men and women, to like them and be liked by them. Once when his mother was anxious because he did not come home his father said—" Have you not observed that wherever Walter goes he is pretty sure to find his bread buttered on both sides?" He made friends everywhere and in all ranks because there was nobody and nothing in which he did not take an interest. But old things and old tales interested him most. Like nearly all boys he was a collector; he collected old printed songs and ballads, old coins, old books, old prints of his favorite heroes, Wallace, Bruce, Lochiel, Prince Charlie. The love of nature, of hills and waters, of ancient songs, of old tales; this kind affection for every human being, every horse and dog he met remained with Sir Walter all his life. Out of these things he spun his poems and his novels; and all his life he had no objection to a fight. When he was an old man, over 50, and had written his "Life of Napoleon," a French general was very angry at something he said and was right in saying. This gentleman blustered a good deal and was expected to challenge Sir Walter to fight a duel. Sir Walter was only too pleased. " He shall not dishonor the country through my sides," he said, and he chose as his second a friend of his boyhood. But the particularly boyish thing about it all was this, Sir Walter had a pair of Napoleon's own pistols, taken after Waterloo, and he meant to fight General Gourgaud with them. It never came to a duel. We need not regret that duelling has gone out, but Scott lived when it was the rule. He knew that writing men, book men, have no great reputation for courage, and he was disposed to prove that there was nothing of the shirker in him. We need not approve of him for this, but I do not envy the acquaintance of the moralist who does not like him for it. As a very little boy he had a pet starling, which his grown-up cousin, Scott of Raeburn, cruelly killed. Walter flew at Raeburn's throat, and could scarcely be dragged off his enemy. And so when he was an old man and buffered from apoplexy he leaped out of his carriage and arrested with his own hands a big ruffian who was bullying a voter at an election. In his early manhood he rode some 60 miles to join his regiment of volunteers when an alarm went round that Napoleon was landing. He found my grandfather also on the spot, and mentions the circumstance in one of his novels. But his oddest fighting adventure was at school. Scott was lame from his childhood, and when he first went to school a boy quarrelled with him and said there was no glory in fighting a " lamiter," or cripple. Scott said he would fight him sitting; the two boys were fastened to boards, and there Sir Walter received his first bloody nose! Some lame boys, like Lord Byron, are made melancholy by their misfortune. Scott never let it stand in his way; he climbed, walked, was a splendid horseman, and so strong in the arms that he could lift a smith's anvil from the ground. Once when many of his clan were met at their chief's, the Duke of Buccleugh's, house, they fell to comparing their muscles. Of all these lairds and stout farmers Sir Walter had the largest biceps. There are, happily, plenty of strong, courageous, good-natured boys; if Sir Walter had been no more, he would have been loved by all who knew him ; but not by the whole world as he is. But he had brains as well as biceps, and brains of an uncommon sort. His memory was almost or quite unequalled. Once when he and the Ettrick shepherd were sitting beside the Tweed waiting for their fishing gear, Scott asked the shepherd to repeat a long ballad of his own making which he had once read to Sir Walter. The shepherd could not remember his own poem, but Scott repeated the 80 verses from beginning to end, though be had heard it but once and that years before. This memory, however, only retained things which Scott liked. Now the things he liked were, so to speak, in his blood and inherited from ancestors who had been fighting men, not poets or students. On his mother's side Scott came of the Swintons and Rutherfords, famous clans among those who kept the Border against the English in the old wars. On his father's side he descended from the Scotts of Harding, the most celebrated of men for hard riding, hard hitting, and a habit of driving the cattle of the English into the deep den or chasm below Harden Tower. One of Scott's great- great-grandfathers had been caught on a cattle-stealing expedition to Eliband on Tweed, and was offered his choice, to be hanged or to marry Elibank's daughter, "Muckle Mou'd Meg"— Madge of the big mouth. He hesitated long, but at last he married her. They had a large family, one of whom was my own great- great-grandmother, I am told, a very long way back, and another was the ancestor of Sir Walter Scott. So we are cousins, almost beyond even Scotch counting of kin ; and as we have lived in the same country-side, and fished the same streams and pools, and loitered in the same ruined castles, perhaps I am naturally more fond of Sir Walter Scott than of any other writer. Now it was anything, any old song or tale about his own dear country, that Scott's memory retained most easily, and any books on these matters he read most gladly. He knew every burn—or brook—and the broken tower on every burn. He knew every hill from Whitecomb to Skelfhill Pen, from Eildon to Penchrise; and he knew every farmer, every old woman who remembered ballads, every laird in all the country-side where he was always wandering. Moreover, born in 1771, he often met men—Highland chiefs, or poor porters in Edinburgh streets—who had fought for King James at Sherrifmuir in 1715, or for Prince Charles at Prestonpans in 1745. For 17 years of Sir Walter's life—all his boyhood—England and Scotland had two kings—King George III., old, infirm, sometimes mad, and King Charles III, a moody exile in Italy. Now, the many friends of the boy Walter Scott who had drawn their claymores for Prince Charlie loved the prince so that, as he tells us, they could not mention him without tears. This was a great influence in his boyhood. Though Charles yet lived, and yet hoped against hope, his chances were wholly gone, his cause for ever lost; his courage, his kindness, his charm, his beauty, all were faded; his heart broken, his character drowned in melancholy vice. Scott, of course, knew all this very well, and had no desire, never had any desire, to shake the country by restoring a king who was now impossible; who was to be pitied, but who could not be any longer respected or obeyed. But on the other hand the Highland friends of Sir Walter's boyhood remembered Prince Charlie when he was young, brave, gallant in war, gay in utter adversity fearless in extreme peril; so beautiful that, as old Lord Kilmarnock said, " Flesh and blood could not resist him;" so clement that he would not punish men who had snapped pistols in his face ; so considerate that he gave his own carriage to old Lord Pitsligo, the Baron Bradwardine, and when starving in the Highlands would not allow his companions to carry his greatcoat for him. This was the Prince Charlie whom Scott's Highland friends, like Invernahyle—who had fought a broadsword duel with Rob Roy—remembered in their strong old age, even with tears. These gentlemen had joined Prince Charles when he landed on a wild coast with seven followers; with him they had marched through one kingdom and half of another; they had routed two regular armies and won a smaller battle; they had succumbed to hunger more than to the sword, and their memories, told to Scott in his boyhood, supplied the matter for several of his most famous novels. The Highlands, too, he knew from the time when he was 14 He had seen Highland ladies carting manure by day, and entertaining him with the grace of princessses at night. The legends of the hills were the very breath of his genius, as the scent of the heather was the breath of his life. He would die, he told Washington Irving, if he did not see the heather every year. Thus we mark how, all through his youth, Scott was feeding unconsciously his great, kind, friendly genius, a genius of the open air ; manly, joyous, in love with the past and its open-handed, ungrudging loyalties. About knights, giants, magicians, ladies, he could and did read and remember everything. But though it has been absurdly said that he was a dunce at school—which he denies—it is very probable that his masters and teachers did not see in Scott, as a boy, the promise of greatness. His education was very much broken by his lameness, and by some severe illness, In his class he "flashed like a meteor" from the bottom to the top and back again, for he knew what none of the other boys knew—and what they knew, because it was part of their lesson, he probably did not always take the trouble to read. Latin he learned so as to be able to read it with pleasure, and the modern languages he taught himself that he might get at the Italian poetry and old French and old German romances. And he read all English poetry and every novel, except silly sentimental novels, which he could lay his hands upon. Yet he never learned any Greek at all, though Greek is the language of the greatest writers who have ever lived. It is curious to think that Scott, who has more of Homer's spirit than ever any man had, could not read a line of Homer in the original tongue. The reason was that Greek was not taught him at school. At Edinburgh University he found himself, as he thought, hopelessly behind the other young men, or boys rather, so he declared that Ariosto was a greater poet than Homer, and took a spite against Homer's language. He regretted this all his life; he regretted his want of scholarship and sound training. Indeed the defects are visible enough in his poems and novels, which he wrote as he galloped on the hills at full speed, thinking no more of correcting his style than of turning aside from a flooded ford. His genius was the master of him, not he of his genius. All his life, as a writer, he excelled in what pleased him ; he remembered what interested him. The rest was very much left to chance. No writer so great was ever half so careless. He composes his poems, he constructs his novels in the same spirit as he read when a boy; and when a boy told his romantic inventions to his friends at school. Though a man of the strongest sense, he lived much in day-drams, as he had always done. "Tall white plumes were dancing in his eye " when he seemed to be busy, with his profusion as a clerk of the court of sessions. He had always been astonishingly industrious ; his library k one of the best in the world, and he knew every book in it. But then perhaps no library anywhere is so full of books on goblins, ghosts, fairies, witches and old adventures. About every-day life, except the everyday life of shepherds and ploughmen, he did not write well; the truth is, probably, that he did not care for it much. He was not at all too fond of civlisation and evening parties and small talk. His heart was on the rivers, the lochs, the moors; in the mist on the hills, in the woods which he planted, in the ruined abbeys and dismantled towers. His better life was lived among healthy men, whose toil is in the open air, in wind and sun and rain. That was his way from boyhood. But for his lameness and the fever in his youth Walter Scott would have fought at Vittoria and at Waterloo. England would have reckoned his name with those of Hill and Crawford and Lyndoch, not with Shakespeare's and Byron's. Accident left him, as a boy, with much time on his hands; a child who could not run about, but must lie still and listen to ballads and tales; a boy who was long confined to bed and books. So the energy which, had he had his way, would have gone into action, was confined to the peaceful duties of a citizen, to the martial exercises of a volunteer in the great Napoleonic war, and above all, to the reading and writing of books. Scott had not his own way with his life ; and happy it is for us that he had not. For we have generals many, but no other Walter Scott. Perhaps this is not a very edifying account of the boyhood of a man as good as he was great. A friend of his, a poor man, says that extraordinary as were Sir Walter's qualities, kindness was really the most prominent and remarkable of them all. When himself a boy, with hardly a shilling to buy books with—for his father was of the old school—Scott helped to support a poor old Highland " caddie, or commissionaire, who had once shaken hands with the prince, and who never afterward would give any man his right hand. His generosity you see in his account of the battle with Green Breeks, too long a tale to tell here; and poor Green Breeks was as generous as himself. Of his courage we have said enough; his dutiful obedience to his father, a worthy but rather pragmatic old attorney, is as conspicuous. When he was a clerk in his father's office, Scott was the hardest working clerk there; the swiftest and most plodding copyist. Not at all given to girls society as a boy, Scott fell in love once for all when he did fall in love, and was true his whole life long to the memory of the dead and the lost. I do not know if boys read his novels and poems in Australia. Tastes alter; writings of 80 years ago come to seem old fashioned. You dwell among other hills, by other streams; you never "felt the breeze down Yarrow break; you know not the houses where they treasure a lock of Prince Charlie's hair, and the memory of him who honored The faith our fathers fought for, The longs our fathers knew. There are many years and many changes between you and the best of all great men, the greatest of all good men. But " a boy's a boy for a' that." Nothing, I hope, can quite alter youth, destroy kindness and courage and modesty and true love, deaden the pleasure of adventure or deface the main outlines of men's and women's nature. So I hope that you can enjoy Caddie Headrig, and Dugald Dalgetty, and Di Vernon and Ivanhoe. But if any boy reads this and wants to know more of Sir Walter, don't stop here, at a mere article about him. Read Scott and read Lockbart's "Life of Scott" —it is in ten volumes—I wish it were in twenty—and read Scott's journal. There, old and ruined and smitten with deadly disease, he is still unbroken; there he is truly great. 