$,ottB oi the ; Jftantk. ALL our readers will regret to learn that one of the oldest and most respected clergymen of this diocese, for many years, one of the Bishop's chaplains, and up to the last few days the . senior elective member of the Chapter, Canon S. Lloyd Chase, Incumbent of St. John's, Melbourne, has felt it his duty, on account of ill-health, to resign both canonry andparish. Following so closely upon the death ot Canon Perks, and the resignation of their offices by Archdeacon Stretch and the Eev. J. H. Gregory, Canon Chase's retirement reduces the number of veterans who were at work in the diocese in the early fifties to only seven or eight. As they close up together to fill the gaps we find Canon Handfield now standing next to the Dean, who . still heads the ranks of the clergy now that they are nearly one hundred and eighty in number, as he headed them forty years ago, when they barely mustered a score. There was no clergyman of the twenty then, nor have we known any through all the decade of years in which the clergy list has been mounting up, who, while exercis ing a strong religious influence on all who came in contact with him, has owed that influence less to his great gifts or striking actions, and more to the impression he has given of a spirit abstracted from worldly ambitions, and of a life lived in com ' munion with his God. Canon Chase graduated as B.A. of Emmanuel College, Cambridge, in 1842 ; was ordained deacon in 1843, and priest in 1844 ; became Incumbent of St. James', Melbourne, in. 1851 ; of St. Paul's, Melbourne, in 1852 ; was appointed in 1877 to the Incumbency of St. John's, Melbourne, by Bishop Moorhouse ; and elected to the canonry of St. Paul's Cathedral in 1879. His office of Bishop's Chaplain, which he has held under three bishops, he resigned in 1889. He holds still, we believe, the appointment of Chaplain to the Victorian Forces. All Churchmen will hope that now that he is relieved of work and responsibility he will improve in health, and be able to enjoy with his family his well-earned rest. 'jl/TUCH disappointment was felt at the absence of the Bishop -L'-*- of North Queensland from the Diocesan Festival, at which he had been announced as a probable speaker. He had arrived unexpectedly on the previous Friday, in company with the Bishop of Newcastle, on some diocesan business, but had kindly con sented to fill a niche in the Festival programme — a matter of much satisfaction to those who knew Bishop Barlow's reputation as a platform orator. That inevitable influenza, however, which has marred so many of our public and private enterprises during the last few weeks, kept him an unwilling prisoner at Bishops court on the day of the festivities, losing the great meeting, not ? merely the pleasure of listening to a most aiteactive speaker, but the advantage of hearing on the subject of the Bishop of Melbourne's Fund the man perhaps in all Australia who, next to the Bishop of Newcastle, could speak best from personal experience of the roughness of bush travel and the difficulties of a clergyman's work in the back settlements. WE rejoice to learn that Canon Carter — who proved to be suffering from typhoid fever, contracted, it is believed, in Hobart, and not from influenza — is gaming strength every day. His illness has been a sad disappointment and loss to the Church in Victoria, the more so that it may now be accepted as certain that with Mr. Eobinson's work at Adelaide, which is being carried on this week, will end the Carter and Bobinson mission to Australia. Still, though it is but a small part of the work laid out for them which the missioners will have been able to accomplish, there are many in both the parishes in which they have laboured, and among the clergy with whom they have con ferred, who will long bless God for their stirring words, their thoughtful interpretation of Scripture, and their clear and con vincing expositions of doctrine. IN the absence of any official or systematic report of Canon Carter's most helpful and ever -to-be-remembered mission at South Yarra, we extract the following from a somewhat discon nected but highly interesting account of the mission in the local magazine: — 'The attendance at the evening mission services was very large, the number present on these occasions varying from seven hundred to fifteen hundred. Each night the Vicar and Eev. E. Allanson, attended by a choir, augmented by members of the Christian Social Union, all vested in cassock and surplice, preceded by a band and two cross-bearers, accom panied by torch -bearers, moved in procession through the streets. Hymns were sung as the choir reverently proceeded along often crowded, sometimes narrow ways. A halt was made at frequent intervals, when invitations to the missions were given, some times a short prayer offered, or a mission address delivered. The crowds addressed on Saturday night in Chapel-street, Commercial-road, and at the market were enormous. No inter ruptions were offered, the street crowds hearing the Word gladly, impressed seemingly by the dignity and solemnity of the procedure. The popularity, so to speak, of the mission was largely owing to the Church's going among the people and seeking them out. The sweet persuasiveness, the reverent tones and demeanour, the moving appeals and lucid instructions of Canon Carter, will not readily be forgotten, while the fervour and directness of Mr. Allanson's addresses, notably his medita tions at the early celebration each morning, will leave a powerful impression on many a mind and heart. It is. a delicate and difficult matter to estimate results. We can,- however, thank fully acknowledge that very many have been convicted of sin, that many have consecrated themselves afresh, that dotibts and 8 difficulties press less heavily upon other minds, that many have I been led to value as never before the Holy Sacraments and I appointed means of grace, that the spiritual life of many has | been strengthened and deepened, while dozens have definitely 1 decided to serve Christ. Loais Deo.' I ? | nHHEBE seems a fatality attaching to this mission of 1894. I J- First one of the missioners, and then the other, has been I laid aside by illness, necessitating the abandonment of the visit I to Christchurch, New Zealand, the Cathedral Mission in Mel- I bourne, various evening conferences, which were to have been I held in different suburban parishes, and more recently of Canon I Carter's mission at All Saints', Geelong ; and then after Dean 1 ! Stretch had generously consented to come forward at the last hour 1 and take the missioners' duty at the last mentioned place, and was I in the midst of the mission, doing splendid work, the incum- | bent of the church, the Eev. Henry Kelly, was prostrated by a | severe attack of influenza, which disabled him from rendering 1 any further help to the mission. It is cheering to know that in i spite of all these trying circumstances Dean Stretch carried the I mission to its close with most encouraging results. 1 TTVHE 'Quiet Day' which Canon Carter had proposed to hold I J- last month at St. Paul's, Canterbury, was, because of his 1 illness, conducted by the Eev. A. W. Eobinson. About thirty | clergymen, some of whom had come from considerable distances, 1 attended from the evening of the 14th, when the introductory I address was given, to Wednesday morning, after the early 1 celebration. Three addresses of a peculiarly thoughtful I character were delivered by the missioner in the course of the i Quiet Day (Tuesday), on the following subjects: — 1. 'God's I purpose with the world — viz., to sum up all things in Christ;' § 2\. 'The ideal before the Church — viz., the imitation of Christ, I pursued by its members imperfectly and variously,' but by the 1 body, perfectly, until ' in the end we all (collectively) come unto i a perfect man;' 3. 'The pledges of the fulfilment of God's I purpose — the risen Christ, and the given Spirit.' Modern 1 theology imperfectly apprehended the doctrines of the Holy | iGhost. Men had grasped with difficulty the truths of God's I Fatherhood and the Lord Jesus Christ's Sonship. Where their I teaching was still obscure was on the subject of the Holy Spirit. I The doctrine of the One Spirit and the One Body had yet no I recent illustration. In dealing of the Church, Mr. Eobinson 1 accounted for the unpopularity of the Church idea at this day I by its being antagonistic to the democratic spirit of the age; I it rested on 'election,' and 'election' savoured of 'clan- I exclusiveness, monopoly, favouritism.' The true account of i 'election' from the Christian point of view was the making 1 choice of a few, not for their own private advantage, but for the i blessing of all. The Church was a necessary step towards the 1 accomplishment of God's purpose for the world. i npHEOUGH the death of the late Canon Perks and the i -*? resignation of Canon Chase there are now two vacancies 1 on the Cathedral Chapter to be filled up by election by the g Church Assembly at the ensuing session. The following W candidates are announced to be in the field:— Eev. A. W. §| Cresswell, M.A., Eev. C. E. Drought, M.A., Eev. C. J. Godby, 1 M.A., Eev. H. B. Macartney, M.A., Eev. Eeginald Stephen, m M.A., and Eev. H. F. Tucker. I ? ' . I UP to the present time there are six candidates in the field for M the two vacant Canonries, not one of whom is without some || strong claim of service, standing, or ability, for diocesan pre- M ferment. Taking them in alphabetical order, we have the Eev. If A. W. Cresswell : for service — 30 years in orders in this diocese ; M for standing — M.A. of Univ. Melb., Scholar, Lecturer, and M Examiner in Nat. Sc, of which subject there is, perhaps, after m Professor M'Coy, no better exponent in this colony; author, also, M of numerous papers and pamphlets on the geology of this country M and the relation of science to religion. 2. The Eev. C. E. §| Drought, M.A., of Trinity College, Cambridge : 13 years a clergy- M man in this diocese, a gifted and popular preacher and lecturer, M who would unquestionably, if elected, add strength to the Cathe- M dral staff ; author of Duties and Dangers of Spiritual Life, and *-M of the Music of the Cross. 3. The Eev. C. J. Godby, M.A., late 1 Scholar and Theological Honourman of Magd. Col., Cambridge : M 14 years in the Victorian ministry ; also a preacher, writer, and || speaker of more than ordinary ability, hon. sec. to the New M Guinea Mission. 4. The Eev. H. B. Macartney, 28 years in M the diocese, M.A. of Trin. Col., Dublin : a powerful preacher, M though of a style more suited to parochial missions than to the W Cathedral pulpit, who has worked assiduously for missions to if the heathen, and been remarkably successful in collecting funds for the B.M.F. 5. Eev. Beginald Stephen : 10 years in this diocese, M.A. of Univ. Melb., 1st Classman and Scholar and Examiner in Hist, and Pol. Econ., Bromby Prize and Cobden Club Medal, one of the ablest and most rising of our younger clergy — his paper on Commercial Morality was the finest read at Hobart Congress. 6. Bev. H. F. Tucker, Univ. Melb.: 21 years in the diocese, founder of the Tucker Village Settlements — devoted to the work of social reform; possessing much brightness and activity of mind, with excellent business qualities, and a faculty for seeing things from the lay point of view — a capital writer, author of The Neio Arcarfda. From this review of the list of candidates, it is evident that whether we desire to select our new Canons for their preaching power, for their academic standing and reputation, or for their past services to the Church or to the community, we have a wide field for our choice. Possibly other well-known names may yet be added to the above list. ABCHDEACON HALES, of Launceston, forwarded a most kindly letter to the Bishop of Melbourne, in which, as the only clergyman living, besides the Dean, who was a member of this diocese at the time of its formation, he congratulates the diocese on the attainment of its forty-seventh birthday. The Venerable Archdeacon, though he quitted his Victorian cure three -and-forty years ago, has not a few in Melbourne and Heidelberg who have a very friendly recollection of him to this day. It is much to be regretted that a misunderstanding between him and Bishop Perry deprived the Church in this diocese of the services which so thoughtful a man and capable an administrator might have rendered her during these forty years. Archdeacon Hales is remembered by us as minister (there were as yet no incumbents in those days) of Heidelberg ; but the parish of Heidelberg at that time was considered only second in importance to the three city parishes (St. James', St. Peter's, and St. Paul's), and must have included Preston and Northcote, if not Kew. By-the- way, it strikes us that Canon Handfield has also been a member of this diocese from its formation. nPHE Committee in charge of the testimonial to Archdeacon 4- Stretch has resolved to keep open the list of subscriptions till the 1st of October next. Up to that date subscriptions should be forwarded to Mr. W. E. Morris, Hon. Treasurer, at the Diocesan Begistry, Cathedral Buildings, Melbourne. WE blame no one for being fearless and outspoken in a right cause. If the Beverend Mr. Edgar had reason to know that there were 'blacklegs and scoundrels' in our colonial legislatures, it was a right and a brave act to denounce them. But if, as it now appears, he did not know or mean this, but intended bis remarks to refer to parliaments at large, or to some particular parliaments in other parts of the world, th6n his using the language he did, knowing, as he must have done, that people would apply his description to some of our own Members of Parliament, was neither very manly nor very fair. The ovation which he seems to have received from the crowd outside the Parliament Houses was due no doubt to the admiration, misplaced, we think, on this occasion, which every English crowd feels for any exhibition of pluck, especially when at the expense of constituted authorities ; for it is inconceivable that they can have meant to applaud on any other ground charges so damaging, as they believed, to their own representatives, and so humiliating therefore to themselves. ON Thursday evening, the 23rd ult., choral service was finely rendered at Christ Church, St. Kilda, by the Choral Union, consisting of the choirs of Christ Church, All Saints', and Holy Trinity. The preacher on this occasion was the Bev. Canon Vance, who took for his text Bev. v. 11-14. IN our last issue we found fault with the Bey. J. M'Neill for introducing into his discpurses comic or jocular passages utterly out of keeping with the profoundly serious character both of his subjects and of his treatment of them. The Southern Cross, defending Mr. M'Neill, denied that anyone who heard him could suspect him of ever intentionally joking in his sermons. We had not heard him, but as we had no desire to do him an injustice we made it our business to read carefully all his sermons reported by the Southern Cross, the result being that, while we cannot agree with our contemporary that Mr. M'NeilTs jokes are spontaneous and unpurposed, and in a manner uncon scious, or that they are other than blemishes in his preaching, we are bound to admit that, apart from these disfigurements, his sermons are singularly powerful deliverances, calculated pro foundly to affect men of all degrees of education and culture, and to bring the simple truths of religion home with power to hearts close shut for years to the teachings of the Churches. DB. TALMAG-E with his three lectures has swept through the Australian cities like a storm, leaving wrath, disappointment, and disgust in his wake. We do not know where he is lecturing at this hour, but1 have no doubt that, wherever he goes, not to disenchant his hearers too early, he will give them at first a little of the bright side of things ; then he will gradually permit them to understand the bigness of the blunder they make in taking him seriously ; but it will not be till he springs upon them the huge joke of his lecture on Evolution that their eyes will be opened to the magnitude of the hoax that has been played upon them. Dr. Talmage a great American! Shades of Lowell and Emerson, pardon the affront. What we would be grateful to anyone for is to explain to us how this Barnum of the pulpit achieved the reputation which he has enjoyed these many years of being the greatest Nonconformist preacher after Spurgeon. Has he always enjoyed the advantage of having a Mr. Smythe to advertise him in capital letters ? or is popularity, especially in New York, a capricious deity that depresses real genius and power, and sets blatant ignorance and dulness on a pedestal, and makes all men fall down and worship ? or was there ever really a time in days past when Dr. Talmage could give a lecture worth hearing, without recourse to stale Joe Millers, and platitudes pro claimed as revelations, and tawdry perorations, apropos of nothing in particular, but warranted to fit any subject you liked? 