THE WHITE VIRGIN. ' (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) BY GEOKGE MANVILLE FENN. CHAPTER XXI— (Continued.) "Scared away without my be!y' said the major, coming back again, and sneaking ightlv. ' Come, come, this will not do . 1 _l. - 11 miin t n tnll T?nnfl U'liiit. R llfctlli CONVaTCl you have grown. Why you look as had oeen a ghost. It's nil right now. \\\ ho over it' was has gone, or the dog would not have calmed down. Nothing stolen this time I'll venture to swear. There, he cried as he shut the window unci closed the shutters before turning to where Dinah sat lighting hard to be calm, and noticing thut she uttered a sigh as if of relief, " if you Lurn like this my dear, I shall begin to think that wo are living in a lonely spot too secluded for you, and look out for a place in town. " No, no, I'm better nouy she said, with iv sigh of relief. . 44 Of course you are, my dear. Theresa sturdy protector, too. for us now, eh . There, there," he cried, betidiug down to kiss hor. 14 Go to bed; you're a bit over done, my darling: this has been un exciting evening — enough to upset anyone s ner\ es. I'm oil my balance too. .First, I have had to deal .with one marauder who comes_ to steal my little ewe lamb, ami I get rul ot him to be permitted to keep her a little longer; and then comes another would-be thief- JJman . my darling child!" he cried, us she roseto flfng herself into his arms and cling to turn more agitated and overcome than ever. 44 There, there, I must play doctor. Dose for soothing the nerves: eight hours sound Bleep. The medicine to be taken instantly. Off with you. Good night ! " , l)inah passionately returned his embrace, and hurried to her room, but not to sleep. The nervous excitement kept her wakeful hour after hour, with the intense longing to shelter herself in her lover's avins ; and all the time a fierce lurid iiair of eyes seemed to be watching her, atuf, us plainly as if the words had been spoken by her ear sh hoard a rough deep voice whispering, "Its no use, little one. No one is coming betwixt us two." , _ . , , As she Lay -in her lied, too, she fancied she could hear the man's firm step patrolling the paths about tho place. But 'Michael Sturgess was a couple of miles away, though he had been down to tae cottage,, and so close that he could look in and see that his chief was not there still. For there were bounds to the man's patient doggedness, and he had grown wearied out at Jasti when- Olive Heed had taken a short ' cut over the mountain home, and did not return by the spoil bank and the shelf-like path. , Still Dinah Gurdon could not this as she lay there, torn by the mental fever which made her temples throb. Loved— loved by one who idolised her, and who had made her heart awaken und unfold to the true moaning of the great passion of human life. He loved her as she loved him, and she had let him press her in his arms ; she hud thrilled beneath his kisses, nnd all as in a dvcam of joy and delight. Safe, too, with him near to cherish and protect.' Then lie hud left her, und tiie old cloud of horror and dread had conic back, nnd with it the still small voice of conscience out of the darkness ot her heart. Ought ehe not to have spoken ? Ought she not to have whispered to her father, or failing him, to have confided in their old servant — the only woman near — the terror of that day, and how she had been haunted since ? Always the same reply, us her woman s heart rebelled ami shrank from the confes sion. How could she ? She dared not. .She would sooner have died than made the nvowul, while there before her, looming up, the precursors of a storm, were the black clouas of the future, and Michael Sturgcss's words vibrating always in her ears. CHAPTER XXII.— BAD OMENS. " No insolence, sir ! " " What ? " " I say no insolence, sir. I am aware of the fact that you are an excellent work man and valuable to me here, but you are presuming on those facts, and 1 warn you that if ever you dare to answer me in that way again, we part on the instant." " What way ? " "As you addressed me a short time back. Michael Sturgess, I have long noticed your insolent, overbearing ways with the men. They are beginning to resent it. I have had several complaints from them, and all this must end, if you are to stay here." " If I'm to stay here, eh ? I daresay if the company is tired of the way in which I have made this old mine pay, I can soon get another engagement." " My good man," said CUve Reed, coldly and dispassionately, " prosperity is making you lose your head, and it is an act of kindness to disillusionise you before you go too far and lose a valuable appoint ment." Tho man glared at him as they stood together In one of the dark passages of tho mine, 'Close to an old shaft which descended to a lower line of workings. " Let me tell you, oucc for all, that, though you have worked well here, you are In no wise answerable for the sueces:; of the mine, and that it would have been quite as prosperous if Michael Sturgess haJ not been here." " Oh, indeed ! " said the man insolently: and Reed flushed angrily, but controlled his rising temper, and went on calmly enough. " Secondly, let me disabuse your mind of the idea that it is open to you to appeal to the company against any decision of mine. Understand this, sir, my power here is supreme, and, though I should be reluctant to exercise that power against a good work man, the trouble of obtaining a successor in your post would not be great, and I should exercise that power sharply and firmly, if I had just cause." " Oh, I don't know so much about that, Mr. . Reed. You are chief here at the mines." "And at the hoard in town, my man. You are insolent and angry still. Go about your work, and when you are calm and have had an opportunity for thinking ail this over, come to me and apologise as a straightforward man should." " Oli, there's no time like the present," Said the man roughly. " Yes, there Is, and I decline to quarrel With you, sir. That will do now. 1 leave you to think over what has passed, as I don't wish to be angry and do anything to injure an honest man's prospects." " But " " I say that will do," said Reed firmly; and, turning his back, ho began to walk away without seeing the ominous shadow cast by tho lanthorn he carried, as Michael Sturgess took a step forward with his hands cramped like a bird's claws. It would have been so easy, too; a sharp eldcwlsc thrust, and nothing could have saved the man who was touched. There was a slight rail by the side of that old shaft, but a man who slipped must have been precipitated headlong down the stony pit seventy or eighty feet, to the rocky floor below, and mutilation was certain — death more than a probable event. But the man did not stir, and the shadow grow more and more faint, as Cllve Reed strode along the gallery till ho passed round a corner and disappeared. Michael Sturgess stood listening to bis chief's steps till they died out, and then taking out a box of matches, he struck one, and lit a lanthorn which he took from a niche in the wall, tho glow lighting up his savage features. Ho muttered an oath, as he stood closing tho lanthorn door. Then he burst out into a strange laugh. " Make much of it, my lad, while it lasts. It's hard to bear, but I don't want to be hung for the sake of a lass, specially when there's another way.' He went off in tho other direction, and Clive Reed made his way to the cuge and ascended to daylight and his books in the Office, where he busied himself till even ing, fully expecting a visit from his fore man; but the day passed, and at last he left the place, and made his way to tho cottage over the mountain side, where Dinah was waiting, flushed and hopeful; and as his eyes fiiet hers, tho mine, with its potty troubles aud anxieties, passed away, nnd he was in the land of love and hope and joy. There was the usual walk among the flowers, and how bright those blossoms were! Then the pleasant evening meal, and the adjournment to tho tiny drawing room, where, after a llttlo music, to Clivo'a dis gust, the Major turned the conversation to the very subject the visitor wished to avoid lie asked him questions about the output, and tho likoliness of increased yield, all of which questions Reed good-humoredly an-' sworcd, foelin'g vexed, but at the same time amused by. the love -of money the major had of late developed; while Dinah sat and listened, meeting her betrothed's eyes from time to time. "Capital — capital!" said the major, rub bing his hands. "I feel as if I ain quite a mine proprietor. Dinah, my dear, this does me good, and makes me feel as if I had been a slug all these years. I wish I bad begun sooner." "Congratulate yourself, my dear sir, that you did not. You are gaining here, but this mine is one in ten thousand. You might have ruined yourself." "True; so I might, my dear boy, without your clear head to put me right. But the shares, how do they stand?" "They are up ten since last week, sir, and steadily rising." "Then 1 ought to sell now and realise a big profit, oughtn't I?" Cllve was silent, for he was hearing the major's words and listening still to the echoes of Dinah's sweet voice, and repeat ing to himself the lines of the songs she sang, as she now sat in the shadow, silent and waiting till her lover spoke again. And how jarring the major's words were. Cllvo had come over that evening, weary with the noise and worry of the mine, and annoyed by Sturgcss's insolent manner. All he wanted was peace and rest, not talk about money and shares. The major spoke again. "Eh, oughtn't 1 to realise?" "What, sell for the sake of a little pre sent profit thut which will go on in all pro bability yielding you an Increasing income, sir? Surely that would bo short-sighted. "Of course, but all this is so new to me, my dear boy. There, I shall leave myself In your hands, and trust to you to know what is best. You see what a child 1 am over money matters. Really there are times when I almost wish that I had not begun to dabble in these shares." "Why fidget about them, sir?" said Reed, smiling. "The amount is not large." "Not Inrge? Do you hear him, my dear? He sayy the amount is not large, when it Is my little all. One can see that you have been accustomed to deal with pretty heavy amounts, and . There, I will not con tinue this hateful topic. Let's have some thing else to think about. Dinah, shall I be selfish if I challenge this man to a game of chess?" For answer, she rose and fetched the board and men, Bet out the pieces, and then took her seat by CUve and watched the game, which proved to be a long one, ending at last in tbe major checkmating his adversary, who was quite a knight stronger, but ho had been simply on his defence all through, listening the while to the soft breathing from the lips by his side, as from time to time It caressed his hand or sounded like a suppressed . sigh. No words passed between them, but they were needless. It was enough that they could be side by side feeling each other's presence, happy, yet saddened by an inde scribable portent of something coming to ruffie the placid stream of their existence. As for the major, he was happy and tri umphant. It was a genuine pleasure to him, a man who had exiled himself from the world, to live iu seclusion, to find that he was a match for this clover, keen man of business, and he showed his delight in many wuys. "What!" he cried, as his visitor rose to go, "You are not going to run off without your revenge? Eh! What?" he said, as Reed quietly toolc out his watch, and held the face towards him. "Oh, absurd! That must be wrong! Eh! No. Mine says the same. Eleven, and T thought It was not near ten. But you will stay now?" "Don't tempt me, sir, I have a busy day, to-morrow." "But you could leave here early." "Not so early as I could wish, sir. There Is a special reason, too for my being at the mine. I have a sort of quarrel on the way with my principal man, Sturgess." Dinah started, and turned pale, while there was a strange, fixed look in her eyes. "The man has been very strange of late, and I had to take him severely to task to day. I want to meet him to- morrow, when he first comes to the mine. There cannot be two masters there." He looked smilingly at Dinah, and saw the trouble in her face. "Nothing to alarm you," he said, taking her hand to hold in his, while the major suddenly recollected that he had a letter he should like to send, so that one of the men could take it on in the morning. "You are nervous again about my cross ing the hills so late. Why should you be, dearest?" He drew her toward him, and she yielded to his embrace. "It was not that," she said faintly, "You talked of a quarrel with — with—" "My foreman Sturgess. Hardly a quar rel, but the sharp talking to, necessary to be given by a master." At that moment the dog began to bark violently, and Dinah' caught Clive's arm and clung to him in dread lest he should go possibly into danger. "It is nothing dearest," he whispered, proud of the way in which she clung to him for protection, while she listened with her eyes dilated, as there was the sound of the window in the major's den being opened, and Ills voice challenging. "Is Mr. Reed here, sir?" "My clerk — Robinson, from the mine," said Reed, rather excitedly. "Whatever brings him here?" "Your man, my dear boy." said the ma jor, entering. "He has brought you a dispatch." "It. must be important," said Reed, quick ly; and he passed his hand across his fore head. "I was half afraid there was some accident. Come in Robinson," he con tinued, ns he stopped into the little pas sage. "What is It?" "A telegram, sir, from London. The postmaster sent it over at once by special messenger." Reed took the missive and went back Into the llttlo drawing-room, where Dinah stood pale and anxious, while the major sat writing his letter there. . "Come little wifie to be,1 whispered Reed, tenderly, "I have no secrets from you. This cannot be business, and you must share my troubles as well as joys." The major glanced at them with a sigh full of regrets for the past, and smiled sadly as he saw his child pass . her arm through Reed's, and lean on him while he opened the envelope, and held it so that she could peruse the telegram at the same time. It was very brief: — "For heaven's sake come at onco and help me. I am half mad. Praed." Dinali looked up in her lover's anxious face, as it clouded over, her own full of eagerness and sympathy, "From Janet Praed's father, dearest," he said, softly. "You know everything — my brother's wife. There n\ust be some terrible trouble on tho way. Major, I must go up to tpwn at once. Here is a telegram from my dear old godfather, Doc tor Praed. You will tako care of my dar ling till I return?" 44 Not — not dead ? " said the major, anxiously. Clive Reed started, as a spasm shot through him. " I pray God, no," he said hoarsely, as for a moment ho turned ghastly and wild looking. Then he was the prompt man of business decision again. " We must not jump at conclusions," he said, gravely. 44 Good-bye, dearest, I will telegraph the news as soon as I know it. God bless you, darling," he whispered, as he embraced her. " Let's hope for the best. — Good-bye, sir." 44 One moment, iny boy, would it not be better to sleep here, and go on from Chapel in. tho morning ? " " My dear sir, I must be In London in the morning. If I run to the mine and get one of the horses, there will be just tirne to gallop over to Blackdale and catch the up mail. Good-bye." The next minute, with tho dog barking loudly, the major and his daughter stood in the garden, listening to the regular beat-beat of feet as the two men went along tho stony path, tho sounds growing fainter and fainter, dying away, coming again, and finally dying out for good. " Poor lad ! I hope it is nothing very serious," said the major. " Good heavens ! what is the matter with the dog ? " For suddenly, as they stood there, tho animal gave vent to a piteous, heartrending cry, which sent a thrill through tho hearers. It was followed by another les3 wild and strange, and then came n quick scuffling sound, and the noise of the rat tling of the chain. " Back directly, my dear," said the major, and he hurried round to the other side of tho cottage, leaving Dinah standing on tho little lawn. She took a step to follow, but at that moment there was a slight rustling sound from the bushes close at hand, and she stood as If petrified. But only for a fow moments, for directly after her father's voice came loudly: — 44 Dinah ! Quick ! Bring a light." Before she could reach the little draw Ing-room, a light flashed out from the door, and Martha, who bad heard the words, appeared bringing a lamp. " Don't be frlghteued, Miss Dinah." she said, as her arm was caught, and they hurried on together to wlieiv the dog's piteous whines could be heard; "the poor thing must be iu a fit." She was quite right, but it was a fit of agony — the last, for as they reached the kennel where the major knelt on one knee, the poor dog uttered one short, gasping bark, as it stretched itself out more anil more, and then there was a sudden, snatching, quivering motion, and it seemed to be drawn backward till it formed a curve. " Father ! Oh, poor Hollo ! " cried Dinah, going down upon her knees by her old companion's side; " lie is dying." " No, my child," said the major, sternly; and he drew in hln breath with a low hiss, and bent down nnd softly patted the poor beast's head, smoothing the long, silky ears, " he is dead." " Dead ! " cried Dinah, wildly, as she sank upon her knees, and lifted the dog's head Into her lap. " Impossible ! " But the heavy, motionless weight endor sed the major's words. There was no joyous movement, no nestling towards her, no gladsome, whining bark; Hollo had had his last gambol over the mountain side, and lay slowly stiffening out., with eyes glazing and seeming to gaze mournfully up at hor he had loved so well. "Oh, sir," cried Martha, plteously, "I have been so careful, but he would take them. I always felt sure ho would be choked by some bone." "Choked!" cried the major angrily; "the poor brute has been poisoned for doing his duty too well." " Poisoned !" cried Martha, as Dinah looked up wildly at her father. "Impos sible, sir. I've kept it in a bottle tied down and locked up where no one could find It but myself." "Kept what?" cried the major. "The arsenic for the rats, sir." "But this is something worse, woman. There Is no doubt about It. There are the signs. Some scoundrel has given him strichnla, and it must be one of those ruffi ans from the mine.'" A low, Diteous sigh escaped from Dinah's lips, as she softly laid the dog's head on the stones, and then, with a quick glance of apprehension, she rose and took hold of her father's arm. "Yes, my dear," he said, "Poor Rollo was too true a servant, and watched for tho pitiful purloiuer. Now let him beware of my guu, for by Jove, if 1 find any maraud ing scoundrel within shot, he shall certain ly have the contents." Dinah said no word, but as Martha stood there holding the lamp, the light shone upon her dilated eyes, and lit up her white, contracted face, which seemed to have grown suddenly hard and stern. It was as if her father's words had seut a sense of satisfaction through her, and she was look ing out into the darkness of the night for tho cowardly wretch who had robbed her of another friend, that lie might come on onco more and meet his fate. She shivered the next moment and clung to her father's arm. "I mean it," he said, fiercely. "I am a peaceful, quiet man, but I can be roused to action, and then " He looked at Martha with his eyes flash ing and a fierce glow in his face that trans formed him at once Into tho man of war. "Master," whispered tho old servant, with a low sob, and there was an appeal in her tones which seemed to calm him. "Yes," he said, as he gazed straight away into tho darkness. Whoever did this deed is mistaken in his man." A sigh escaped from Dinah's lips, and she drew herself up as she clung more tightly to her father. Two of her protec tors gone that night, but there was still a third, and a feeling of confidence strength ened her heart as she gripped her father's arm. "Sooner or later I shall' square accounts with this man," said the major, as he walked slowly towards the door. "Oh, if 1 only knew!" "If I only knew — If I only knew!" The words kept on repeating themselves In Dinah's brain as she sought her room that night, till she found herself repeating them. "If he only knew — if he only knew!" She had not commenced undressing, and in her agitated nervous state every sound about the house attracted her attention, so that she listened eagerly as she heard a light, tapping sound, followed by — "Yes, sir, what is it?" "I didn't want to disturb you, Martha, but have you moved my gun?" "No, sir, it's in the corner of your study between the window and the bookcase." "No, it is not there, but I am certain it was this afternoon." "I'm sure it was there to-night, sir, just before Mr. Reed went away. "Very well, good night," said the major; and he went back into the little study and looked carefully round again. "Why, of course, "he exclaimed, "I must have stood it In my room." (To be continued.) 