OUR IRISH LETTERS. FROM MB. MICHAEL DAVITT. BMiIITBBAOK, IBHLAHD, 1st Maroh, 1694. F Tbi all-absorbing topio of political disouBBidn at the preBtfnthotir is that ot Mr. Gladstone s reported intention of resigning, lit has been more or leas a oonstant source of rumour and oounter rumour sinoe I wrote you my last letter, a month back. Statements of the most positive character are made by one seotion of the Press on one day, to be denied in an equally positive manner by semi-official journals on the next. One set of stories affirm that the retirement of the aged Premier is to be for good, while •another batch of announcements deolare that all we need dread is a temporary disappearance from the actual labours of the headship of the Government^while' aaspeiation is being performed /dpon Mr. Gladstcmq's'eyeB. From all this /maze of eontradiotory s i»e^paper gossip tne'ieal <f4o|fe^^diffici|Mtjo asoertain. Up WSj^a preaeiit momertf^ijS is safe, however, to^^^&at;^aifipjfll^^lias been taken in so monterijotyBW rositerT It is blear that no resignation has been tendered by the Prime Minister to the Queen. It is, of oourse, possible, or rather probable,'that some suoh step is in contemplation, as it oan only be on this assumption that-we can at all account for the fact that no definite official contradiction has been given to the persistent assertions about the veteran Liberal leader. What all Home Bulers hope to see is a retirement from the Premiership only, if that is absolutely necessary, which might not involve absenoe from the Cabinet. This arrangement would afford the needed time and opportunity for the operation on the eyes to be performed, while it would give ns the assurance that the man who has fought the battle of Home Bule as no other living man'could will .still be an aotive tower of strength to the Irish cause within the oounoils of the Government. A oomplete severance from his party and the House of Commons would be, I will not say a calamity, but a most dangerous crisis for Home Bule. It is only the bare truth to admit that the Cabinet, and especially the Liberal party, have aoted in good faith with Ireland on the Home Bule Bill. They performed their promises-—fought an: unprecedented Parliamentary fight againBt an equally unprecedented unscrupulous opposition in behalf of Hdme Bule, and, it Dublin Castle is not now a thing of the past in the government of Ireland, it is not the fault of the following of Mr. Gladstone in the House of Commons. But when all this is admitted, and jtB full political value acknowledged, there remains the equally unquestioned faot that the sum and centre- of- the Liberal Governments Joyalty to the promises made on the Home Bule question may be epitomised in the magnificent fidelity, courage; and unrivalled leadership displayed by the Prime Minister during the last nine years'conflict for the principle of Irish National Selfgovernment. The temporary or total loss of such an ally to i the Irish oauBe at this juncture is, therefore, a subjeot of the moBt vital concern' to'the Irish party and people, and your readers oan, therefore, easily comprehend how anxious a time the present >is to those who, have the weight and responsibility of. the Irish cause on their shoulders. Whether' Mr. Giadetone goes altogether, or only for a brief period, the question of his suot&Bsor; is, if pOSBibie, an equally absorbing topjb wi$h that' of his retirement. There are, apparentjy, only ; two names associated, with ! the ,pop(r—those of Lord Boseberyand/Sir Wjitfajn JSarcourt Tfae speonlation vfcieh: finds Jnost favour in political cirtfeu jristoes; Bosebery in the Premierehip^ anS^'CiBii;! ceHof'lbfthe Exoheque'r ill''the pbpdipp pi* leader in the House of Commops. ,, Twoconsi^pfaiion^, however, amjaid^io^Uaturb :the likelihood of suoh^Hfnipaogement. • affirmed* on tfcev^hairil, thai tf eipttfee^' Foreign S e o i a t r ^ i . d oftheheadof Empire; while B^ais^, ,ivjiio themedtom of Afr. LahofflrtieiCSrhifl organ, Bay-that itjs^outofthe question tor this Liberal party to aooeptits new ibader ftom th<(!Ho«i4e Which ^dh pi Bgdical or^ed to iusiBt upon " ending*' altQgethei^i • "With this influential section of,the Libera? .party Sir William Harcpurt is the favourite M Me aflooessorshipto Mr. Gladstone'* poaition.and mnohwaight and cbn- •iderationmurt^iftiknly fcttairti tb the Viewi of bo important a section of the Liberal • party on a point , so vital to the prestige—if not to the very existence—of the Govertiment. From the point of view of what is best for Home Bule, I am strongly of opinion that, notwithstanding the drawbaok of the peerage, Lord Bosebery Would, for mSny reasons, be preferable as Liberal leader to Haroourt. Neither of them are Home Bulers in thle sense in whioh the term ooulcl be applied to Mr. Gladstone or to Mr. John Morley. They were both to some extend " suspect" by the Irish Party when th^ Home Bule Bill of last year was in a state of incubation, the belief being that, of the two, Sir William was the least to be relied upon. This opinion may have been wide of the mark, but we cannot forget altogether the bitterly aggressive manner in whioh the Chancellor of the Exchequer combatted ancl calumniated the Irish Party in the early eighties, nor overlook the equally patent faot that since the Liberal change of front in 1886 he has shown leaBt disposition among the leaders of his party to keep Home Bule to the' forefront of the Liberal programme. Taking all this into acoount, and making every allowance for what oan be said against; Lord RoBeberry's membership of the House of Lords and his moderate attitude towards the Irish Question, the feeling will prevail among the Irish memberB and here in Ireland that it would be better for Home Bule to have Mr. Gladstone suoceeded by the Foreign Seoretary than by the Chancellor of the Exchequer. Whoever leads the Liberal Party in the future will, as a matter of political necessity, be compelled to " toe the line " on Home Bule. This is the sine qua non of the alliance between the Irish and the Liberal Party. Bosebery's position on the Irish issue would be defined by that of his party, and this again will be the measure of the requirements of the polioy whioh Mr. Gladstone has laid down for his followers. A Bosebery Premiership would therefore have much Ibbs of a risk in it for Home Bule than a leadership whioh might at any moment involve the Irish supporters of the Liberal Government in a difference or a struggle with a man of the antecedents and disposition of Sir William Haroourt. Apart from the ways in which Home Bul4^ might possibly be affected by suoh ohanges as those now under discussion, it by no means follows that, because Lord Bosebery is a peer, he would on that acoount be Ibbs of a friend or a force on' the side of democracy than Sir William Haroourt. Some aocount must be taken of the man as well as of|his rank. There is probably a greater contrast' between Lord Bosebery and Lord Salisbury, than between the latter and the Liberal Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir William may be a Radical now by political profession (though it is not many years ago since he was aooounted to be a most prononnoed Whig), but it is a matter of muoh doubt to many who are familiar with his career whether he is any more favourably disposed towards a purely democratic form df government thap h|ft -fotiQy iwalr,XhoBe who.know him be^assertthatLord I&feebery; would muoft rather be a memfcejr bij the House of Cpmtrionsjtbafe o|| GUdedj Chamber, and it^v^ell known hpiAfkU speeches that he i^s; _ radical ohange in t&e;^i^j^won-^f the Upper House as would largely modify the hereditary evil of the Assembly, and leads'it optional wth the.Peera to atatidformembership of either Housa. We must likewise, in estimating'thie relative and rival vaiiip of 'j tIieBe two P 08^1® flocceBsoMof Mr.'CHM; i a tone, takeintdacaount the work doneaud the principles adhered to by Lord Bosebery while he was Chairman of the London County Counoil., The progressive policy of that body was Bhaped largely by the guiding hand of its then head, and the enorpous benefits which have been conferred upopthe working , population of: London by ; the idemooratid - Council : which ' tnanagestlie municipal affairs of 5,000,000 of people, as Well'/(W thp immense influence : for, good jwhiobhaBbeen exeroised upon: othermnnijjipaiities hy the work aiid eia&pie; df 'the Londpn County Council, a?e' duein no «ma)l measure' to the way in /whioh. Lord Bosebery led ihat body in its early and 'tentative efforts at progressive r^formB.'. When all thf^ is iaken into aooount it will b? |een ihat.'evfenfrbm the mostpopularstandpoint, claims : of Sir William. Haraonrt tb We lBaderahip- of the Liberal, Pufr kip hbt' equal to those,ot his lordly rival, the point of yie^ of, Home Bole there^rd, for tfae reasonS l iiava already givtMf&sfty;' substantial oonsiderationa whibh would in- ®' in8 ob to trust the fortunes of our oause (in so far aB it would be neoessary to do so) rather to a Liberal Party led by Bosebery than to one under the leadership bf Haroourt. The situation here in Ireland is, politically speaking, quiet. We have, of course, our Redmondite friends catoying On their hope- .leBs movement as usual, with all its attendant accessories of newspaper attaoks, platform abuse, empty threat! against the Liberal Government, and more than stale slandering of the Irish Party. But scaroely anyone pays any serious attention to thiB tiresome raving now. Apart from theBe performanoeB, the country is exceptionally quiet and Belf-oontained. Mr. John Morley visited Cork the other day for the purpose of inspecting the Government dockyard in Queenstown Harbour, ancl received a most cordial weloome from the Nationalists of the •outhern city. The few Bedmondites in the town showed their usual taste and temper by patting out posters whioh were intended to exoite a demonstration against the Chief Seoretary, but to the oredit of the people of Cork it is only justioe to say that the attempt to mar the harmony of the occasion was a contemptible fiasco. An inoident whioh ooourred when Mr. Morley was leaving again for Dublin has a peouliar interest from the fact that it gives a clear insight into the strength of his conviotions on the Home Rule question, and reveals at the same time the apprehension of some impending change whioh way eieriilBe ^qme influence upon the fature of that causfe* Addressing a few words to the large oro^rd of Nationalists wh6 igalve hitn alehdedff, b^t used these signifidatft observations. "Jf(i understand one another; are friends of the party"to;Wlli0h'I ^hefefig, and I believe I can say that the party will never desert you as long as you are true to yourselves. I, for my part, can say for one, that, whatever changes may come in politics, I have nailed* my flag—the green fag—to the mast, and I promise you that Ireland has no Btauncher or truer friend—and she has friends both staunoh and true—than she will have in me." These are ringing words of honest and abiding fidelity to Home Bule on the part of the man who, next only to Mr, fHadstone, has been the best and truest friend Ireland's cause has found in the British democracy. Mr. Gollery, the member for North Sligo, has intimated to the ohairman of the Irish Party his intention of resigning his seat in Parliament. He owns an extensive business in his native town, and finds that absenoe in London is very detrimental tb the interests of his establishment. He fought the memorable contest in his division against Mr. Parnell's nominee in 1891, and was returned by a large majority. There is a strong faotionist element in one portion of the constituency, and it is said in Bedmondite prints that there is ah intention tb rbn a faotionist candidate when the vaoanoy actually ooours. Of course there is not a ghost of a chance of the decision whioh was given against Mr. Parnell (who fought for his man in the first contest) being reversed at the inetanoe of John Redmond. This is not even expeoted by thoBe who are talking of plunging the constituency intb the tar moil of an election., All these gentlemen hope to accomplish is to advertise themselves, oreate excitement, precipitate rows, and do all and sundry other things whioh are best oalcnlated to keep up the spirit whioh they oreated, and to fan the dying embers of dissension into a mischievous flame again. The Nationalist oandidate is not yet spoken of. A Convention representing the National Federation in the obunty will be called for the purpose of nominating a sueoessor to Alderman Cbllery. It is likely that Mr: !John O'Dowd, oounty delegate of the Federation for Sligo, will be. named by . the Convention. He is a young farmer,, very; popular in hie native plaoe, and a 'statintth' 'Natibnalist. He would, make a Useful thember bf the Irish £arty. Owing to tbe obstraotiva taotios tf the House of Lords ever the 'PAriah Couhcils ^111; this BSBsibn of 1898 haB not yet, brought to. a close. Lord Salisbury ; jseemB brat upon making the Peers as odious to the'popular mind as possible. Foiled somewhat in his attempts to deBtroy the measure, he baa left no ;stone untarnedi in his resolve to give as maoh emburasement as possible to the Government whibh hronght imself and his eolleagaeB of the Upper ouse 'tb,' their knees. He persiste in dhering to quibWing points and amendents after having bad to smtKndw Sory nd landlord principles, and he does this ow with the sole apparent purpose of try- ing to prolong the period Of thiB abnormally lengthened session, tind thereby f6 l^sen the time and op^oictuhities available io the Cabinet for the mtroduction of other portions of its legislative programming in the eession bfl8M. One of the first announcements to be made in the new session will be that relating tothepromiBe made last year tb appoint a Seleot Committee of the Honse to inquire into the working of the Land Acts of the last fifteen years. Next to Home Bule itself, this is about the moBt irttportant' etep that oould be taken just now in relation to Irish affairs. The judioial leases granted under the provisions ot the Lahd Act of 1881 will begin to expire in about a year from now, and it is of the.gopst.vtyal^importanice to the welfara» of pur qhief Ir&ili;'induBtry of agrioultnttt that a most aearohing\ investigation shail frefmadeinto^the^asOnB \ why the Bpirit an^v^teniioV 6f • Mr.'gI^ j stone's great measur e! ^irfeen yeanT.^b/ have been systematioMly fiWatta^d by^ilft administration of that and BUbsfeqiftnT aots. It must be deoided onoe for all whether the Irish tenants shall be compelled to pay rent upon their own improvements, as a prolandlord Land Commission has forced them to do, or whether they are to be freed from this iniquitous and intolerable burthen in the future. The death of Irish agrionlture or of Irish landlordism is involved in this coming inquiry, and it is natural, therefore, that the question should exoite intense interest throughout the oountry, \ I believe the Committee will consist of seventeen members, with the Chief Secretary yas ohairman. The committee (if thus limited in number) would inolude nine Irish and British Home Bulersand eight Unionist or pro-landlord members. Of the nine supporters of the Government on thiB tribunal, five should belong to the Irish Nationalist representation—four to 'ihe Irish Parliamentary Party, and one to the Bedmondite Section. I- have reason to believe that these five members will be Messrs. Thomas Sexton, John Dillon, T. M. Healy, Michael M'Cartan, and Timothy Harrington. MlOHAEIi DAVITT. 