CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE. AN IMPOSING CEREMONY. MELBOURNE, Tuesday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) [BY WIRE.] The ceremony of consecrating the Vener able A. V. Green, M. A., LL.D., of Ballarat, as Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, was performed in Sr. Paul’s Cathedral, Mel- bourne, to-day, by tho senior bishop, Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, assisted by the Bishops of Melbourne, Newcastle, Ade laide, Riverino, and Goulburn. The Bishop of North Queensland had intended to be present, but was detained by fi-iodß. There was a numerous assembly of the Anglican clergy to take part in the ceremony, ami the laity crowded the cathe drul, a considerable contingent having arrived, in the morning by a special train from Ballarat. Hie time appointed for the -commence ment of the ceremony was 11 n’clock, but long before that hour the cathedral began to fill. The bishnps, with the bi-hop elect, met in the bishop’s vestry, at half-past 10; the canons assembling at the same hour, in the dean’s vestry; and the clergy in the council chamber and library. At 11, the well-known processional hymn commencing “ The Church’s one foundation, Is Je-us Christ' the Lord,” was played on the organ, which in the massive buildingsnunderl with great effect. At the opening lines the procession of the bishops and clergy started from the corridor, preceded by tile choir singing. The bishops in their robes, and the clergy showing by their various colors the different colleges which they represented, made an imposing array. The order of the procession was as follows; The verger preceded, then came tho choir, and immediately behind them the clergy of the diocese of Ballarat, followed by the clergy of the Grafton and Armidale ond Melbourne dioceseß, in that order. The acting minor canons of the cathedral came next, then the precentor, and then the mem bers of the chapter. Tho bishop-elect then appeared, followed,by the Bishops of North Queensland; Riverina, Adelaide, and New castle. The Bishop of Goulburn, who lmd been appointed to preach the consecration, sermon, followed immediately in front of Clio primate’s registrar, the chancellor of the dioceee of- Ballarat coming immediately behind him. Ihen came the senior prelate, the- Bishop of Ballarat (the Right Rev, Dr 1 hoi*nton), aud the .Bishop of Melbourne (the Right Rev. F. F. Goe), The bishops proceeded to take their seats on the north side of the sanctuary, the chaplains, who bad accompanied them in the procession, occupy ing places on the south; while the clergy, of whom there must have been a hundred, filed into the front Beats of the nave, .which had been reserved for their special accommoda tion. The service .was the speciai one ap pointed to be used at the consecration qf bishops, and tlie senior bishop opened it, reading the prayers which precede the ad ministration of the Holy Communion. The epistle, which was from Ist Timothy, 3rd chapter, was read by the Bishop of New castle, and the gospel, from Sri'John’s Gospel, 21st chapter, 15th verse, by the Bishop of Melbourne. After tho Nicene creed had been said Ths Bishop of Goulburn ascended the pulpit and preached tho consecration sermon from Psalm xlv, verse 17, ~ prayer book version, “Instead of thy faihers thou Btin.lt have children, whom thon mßyest make priuoe's in all lands.” He s»id that the words of this text Bet forth the law of con tinuity and succession. It was a law of hope as well as of sadness; the sadness being con s'queut on the responsibilities whioh were caused by the closed graves around, them. Looking back on more than 18 centuries they found that the time of tile succession had again - arid again been a time of refreshing from the presence of tho Lwd. It was at such a time in the history of the Australian church J - they were now, meeting. Ooe of her ■ own sons, reared in tier bosom, instructed in her schools of learning, was being sent •to take his place amongst those who were the chosen wit nesses of the Lord’s resurrection. As to him who was being consecrated second bishop of Grafton and Armidale, he felt that os to his conduct as student, preacher, and ruler many present knew more than he did, aud in ' that sacred honse commendation would he out of place; but this he would say, that it was such' as he, diligent in the business of his calling and fervent in spirit as the years rolled on, who helped to make true the prophetic motto of his own college, “ Poslera crescam lattde.'' It was from ench as he, who loved Australia and the Australian ohuroli,' that we learnt the true meaning of tho motto “ Pro ecclesia pro patria.” Truepatiiotism and truechurchmansliip went together. They were the motives which had iuduceditheir brother to yield up the happy associations of an honored past to go into what was to him an unknown diocese. It was not a well endowed sen, no post of learned leisure, no place of dignified eaBP, and nearly a thousand miles would separate him from the friends lie would have to lenve. A high position and a useful field of labor no doubt awaited him, hilt he he would, like every other faithful bishop, find the responsibilities a great burden to him. He would know something of apostolic poverty and apostolic anxiety, and it might be that in dayß to come a ling-ri"g glance would be cast back to his pastorate at Bil lirat, and the happy incidents nf bu«y city life, as year by year he journeyed over many a rough and weary mile over unpeopled tracts of hill and forest and plain, with little entertainment save his own thoughts, and with no true companionship save the presence of the unseen Lord; and rcant encouragement it might be save the joy nf service. 1 Henoefnrlli, instead of filling the place of. a son' in tho Lord's house, he wonld fill that; of a father. Instead of watching for the word of counsel of some trusted leader,, he would himself have to lead,'and arduous : tasks and difficult problems he would have to face almost alone. Let them pray that he might indeed be a prince nf God and bravely dn his wnrk and win the commendation “Well done.” Let them make the time nf succession a time of inter cession, of earnest and continual prayer that the vast and distant and scattered diocese to wliioli their brother was going might, under his ministry, bn enriched with all the blessed fruits of God the Holy Ghost. After sermon the bishop-elect was con ducted to the vestry, whence he shortly reapppared vested in his r-cket. The certifi cate of Ills election by the synod of tho diocese, and the certificate of (he confirmation of that election by the metropolitan and bishops of tile province nf New South Wales, having been demanded by the senior bishop and read, the oath nf canonical obedience was administered. The Litany was then said, and at its conclusion the bishnp- elect was asked and answered the u-unl questions pro vided for in the Order of Ceremony. He then retired again to the vestry, and re appeared wearing the full episcopal robes. After the introductory prayers ond responses ' had been Slid, The ceremony nf consecration took place. The newly elected bishop knelt in front of the senior bishop, while the other bishops cok their places around, and while the words of consecration wore uttered, all laid on their hands. An offertory followed, and the ceremony was followed by the taking of the Communion by the bishops, clergy, and people. Mayor's Reception. The Mayor of Melbourne and Mrs Snowden held a reception Bt the Town Hall in the afternoon in commemoration of the consecra tion, It was attended by the clergv and many of the laity, the Right Rev. the Bishop nf Grafton and Armidale being amongst those present. The Town Hall was very taste full v deoorated, ami a pleasant afternoon was •pent. Sermon by the New Bishop. The newly consecrated Bishop of Grafton and Armidnle, Dr Green, preached at S*. Paul’s Cathedral this evening, to a crowded congregation* Go took his text from IT. Corinthians, ii., 16—“ Who is sufficient for these thing and II Corinthians ill., 5 “Our sufficiency isfrom God,” He said no man oould receive the office of leadership without these words arising again and again from his heart. It was so to him, to whom eo great a life task had to-day been committed, far his need was great, thrice’ great. The diocese he had ] been selected for was not a-circumscribed area abounding with means of communica tion; its extent was 70,000 square miles, and they could imagine what that meant, with hut few railway lines. It was his bnunden duty to acknowledge his gratitude to the Victorian church for all she-had. dene for him in the past, and he would ask them to pray that he might have not only zsal and energy, but also that wisdom, patience, resolution, humility, faith, and piety might be nurtured in him. He appealed to those present to contribute as liberally ae they could to the collection, which would be made towards the fnnd for building a bishop’s residence in Giaftnn and Armidale, 