LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE PULPIT AT FAULT. Sir,— Will you permit a country reader to say a word cr two &.bout this subject ? I observe some of your correspondents fight hard for 'Auld Clootie '' The grand proof text about the devil r.spirizlg to ait upon tbe throne of heaven, and being thrust down into hell, is Isajab xiv.. 12. Bead tbe wuoie chapter aud you will find that it is written against Nebucbednezz-.r, Kisg of Babylon, Dr. A. Clarke affirms, ' The truth ie, the text speaks nothing at all concerning Satan and his tall.' Dr. Oogan says, ' It ia a singular fact that though tbe New Testament seems to inti mate a belief in the existence ot malignant spirits tbere ia no evidence of the prac tical influence of tbe creed. Xhere are no supplications lo the true God lor protection against them,' The tatgtaly figurative *Uegerio»l »tyl» «1_ the Bible leads to the thought that tbe words devil and Batan are to be understood In a figurative sense. Christ says to His disciples, ' Have I not chosen you twelve, and one of you is a devil ?' {diabetes'). An accuser, traitor, acvc-rsary, we may clearly see in tbe Scriptures, ia speken of as a devU or Batan. Oan any sano Christian man affirm that we are to underatand literally tbat 8atan stood in tbe courts ot Heaven, before the throne ot God, and spoke to Jehovah and the sons ot Goa 7 Eternal punishment.-— The only two places of punliL* ment mentioned in the Bible are, Tartarua,' occurring once, and ' Gehenna' a few timer. Your space would not admit one half ol what could be aald about this snbject The Scripture t&acbes; In plain language that 'God is Love.' ' He reteinetb not Bis anger for ever becausa He delighteth in meioy.' Tbe moat ciusl and wicked would not do to bis worst enemy what some orthodox folks allege God would do to his frail and erring children. His chastisements are fatherly, not fiendish ; paternal, not eternal. Let us cot cherish suoh a God-dishonoring, God degradlog belief. With regard to the tears of some of our brethren that wickedness would become more rampant than ever were the fear of ' hell fire for ever' abolished, I would aBk has the teaching ot tbe old school of theology been suttresefal ? Is sin conquered ? Luxury, pride, seli-seekiog, have they been destroyed 7 Visit the rich man's place and see. Hava drunkenness, lest, and cruelty been done aw*y 7 Go into the slums ot our seething cities end see. Take the world of to-day, nineteen centuries after the birth oi God in flesh. Is this world, with its sge-long struggle between righteousness and sin, with its greed, sloth, fraud, filth, its myriads ot chil dren teemed out amid a carnival of vies— ss many lest, so few saved— what they have to show for it 1 Let ns all bear in our minds tbe transcendent, all-encompaesitg truth that God ie cur Father and we tre His chil dren. Ihat leaves ns face te face and heart to heart with tbe Infinite and Eternal Love. Not a i*r-oQ, inaccessible, implacible sove reign, but the Father of our spirits, caring : for ua, tending us, loving us, proteeting us. He is not far off, bnt near. He is not long ago, but now. All may approach Him and say, My God, my Father. Are we told any where in Scripture that He was ever so far trom men as to need the intervention of another to mediate with them, and to bring them into a state in which he will be more favorably inclined towards them than He is already i 1 agree In the main with Mr J. £)? Ciaike. Preaching Obiitt has been too much altered into pre&ohiDg; a human system about Him, In steid of having pres otcd to us a lite warm with human ictcrcit, Alight with divine Ictj, and alive %ilh the energy ol faith and activity, we arc i'r-?a?niea witn a scncrne cf oplnioi.8 ctlled spiritual religion, but which le tesenlisJly inUllcotually composed cl logical subtleties, and woven of tte fibres ol tho brvin, not of the fibres ot tbe heart. We turn heUe weary acd deaf, and longjor rrmetbing human and divine together.— Yours, etc., Btudekt, September 25. Eib,— The correepoudecce over the pul pit and pew, plus the devil, seems as it it was going to die hard. 1 wonder how any person ot ordinary intelligence can waste Lis thoughts over eccb barbarous rubbish. Ihe devil is pretty well played out, and may be now relocated to tbe realms ci ghosts, centaurs, gebii, etc , and he has been re trenched ont ol the service, anl will be allowed to retire without a pension. The inculcation of belief In hell and devil up?n women and children I Is vitlainout . It is repugnant to onr ideas ol a beneficent Creator, aud imbues the minds ot weak-minded people with a slavish Ktrlot r?r» a.th. T-ie li-v. Mr Brunton and Mr Cunningham will have to do without the j MiiBtance of his lurid majtcty, for he it going fast, and in anothtr decade he will be forgotten. For tbe best part of my life 1 was taught to believe in the devil, whose habitat was redalent of culphur, and where [ in an ineandcscent state he daily reooived his clients. 1 have since lived down tho illusion* of youth, and regard such beliefs as defe'rading a: the phantasies that took posses hion of tho mines cf people in tbe dark ages. Let Mr Clarke t\ke heart ot grace, and not he choVci off by the pursuing wolves ot superstition.— Yours, etc,, Jaubs Elliot. 