Remarkable Religion, ?o A Russian Journal describes a peculiar re ligious movement in the winter of 1891-2 in the province of Kiev. The originator was a Russian, given to drink until the age of forty years, when he reformed and joined - the Stuudists, following zealously the religious rites of the sect, and often going into a. condition of -eoataay..A few years later he began to suffer from hallucinations, among others perceiving ex tremely pleasant perfumes, which he de clared to be the smell of the Holy.Ghost. Then he conceived that he was possessed of the Holy Ghost, and that he was Jesus Christ. He obtained numerous peasant followers, who sold their possessions, gave up work, and looked upon their insane leader as the Saviour of the world, in which there should soon be new regulations; no one should die, and no one should have need to work or to care for the future, for God would care for them all. Most of them suffered from hallucinatione of the sense of smell, perceiving extremely agreeable odors, which they described as pertaining to God and Heaven. Many had a feeling of remark able bodily lightnees, as if floating in the air, and many others were taken with convulsions, manifestly hysterioal. The congregations were always noisy and excited, some falling to the earth, others jumping, striking them eelveeon the breast, and shouting inartiun lately. Some would imitate conversation: but it consisted of incomprehensible, sense less sounds, which they believed to be a language spoken somewhere. Most of them were emaciated and ausmio. The epidemic was finally overcome by the authorities; those who were most insane being shut up in asylums, while the hysterical were sent to hospitals and convents. Members of Parliament have become serious at last, as they have turned their attention to the production of a suitable summer costume for wearing on the terrace during reception time.. Their object is to discard the waistcoat and yet not adopt the waistscarf-the so-called eummerbhund. The solution would be to en -irely leave of aen of their snits of liothes, 