WHO IS.Ji., : OR The Indian Matahma in Australia. rcoj-rp.i(ni r. AN AUSTRALIAN STQRY OP TUB Natural & Supernatural, nr ! KENmm HAMILTON, JO)., CHAPTER XX. — (OoNTim7ED.) ' Oli, 5Er. Barton,' alio said, 11 tell mo i! you havo anything on your mind ! You -will havo a partial judge, I think,' she added, with a wan sufile. 'Our burdens bccorao lighter whon wo hayo a friend bosido us. And I am your friend, and you havo bought from my gratifcudo all a woman oan be stow.' It was plain epoaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt tho truth of tho woman, and ho was moved to hia inmost BOlll. ' Good Hearona I' ho fiaid, 14 if I only daro with fluoh a past to hang liko a mill-Btono round my ncok-' Thon with with a sort of fury in lusvoico: 11 You do not know what you say. Listen. I don't know myself. My past ia but a hideous droam, with every hellish phantom dancing in mockery through tny mind, I am tho aport of a. fiend. Ono moment I seem to grasp somo recollection nud cling to it liko a drowning sailor to a fehppery rock, and again a new idea springs up equally vivid and equally tangible, and Iho two cannot bo true. What is it all, you will say. X don't know, can't know — and Jio ono hut ono man can help mo and ho wont. Heavens ! if I woro to tell you the experience of tho past few months — but no, I will not. Qod preserve your memory, Miss Marsden. 'With it gooa lifo.' .Thoy walked on in silenco, both bout on their own thoughts. ' You will not let mo help you,' she said Bt last. 'Ah, it's not fair,' (with a little ' ghost of a smile.) 'I would if I dare,' recovering himself; ** but tho secret of my unhappy fanoy must . bo borno by myself to tho grave. That will como to finish all or explain all.' He daro say no more, and ho turned away ? without another word. Tho lady walked on pondering all these strango thing* in her heart. What forms of solf -sacrifice prosontod themselves boforo her mind we cannot tell, but wo can imagino tho wido bounds of a . truo woman's self- martyrdom. CHAPTER XXI. i v- mbldoubke'b madness. ; Melbourne waB mad — stark, raving, 'Kow' mad. The mania for apcculating in real estate i had seized on tho whole population like an epidomio diseaao. Tho people had been long prosperous and tho capital of tho country had xnarvollously increased, but had not increased m any suoh proportion as tho sanguine wiahon of the Viotorians had supposed. Legislation had brought people from all parts to tho great city. These people had to find dwell ing-places, and buildings wero run up in every direction to accommodate them. Of ? ' course this naturally caused a tremendous ..advance in the price of city and suburban . property, and when largo prices wero paid . for a few allotments, men of tho Wallace type could easily create a 'boom' by pur ? ohosmg at a prico ten times over tho highest ?value. Owners of property thought that thoy -had become millionaires without tho least trouble on thoirpart, and others rushed madly into speculation with tho hope of sharing in unexpected development. Many of tho banks wero bitten by the tarantula and actually forced tho money on their oustomers or even on strangers. Building societies hardly knew what to do with tho monoy which flowed , . into them from all sides, and no one but a \- fool would stand asido and allow all this ' wealth to glide past him without making a clutch to seize some of it. 'What a rattling, roaring time it was 1 Everyone was to ho ? rich ; ovoryone waB to havo his own house and his own vino and fig-tree, and Viotoria was to beoomo tho garden of Eden — barring tho innocence— of tho nineteenth century. Walloco was at tho head of everything, and wdeod — hardly understanding what was to such a largo extent tho work of his own hand or head — was inclined to-believe in tlio ... reality of it all. Atonotimo ho did beliove in a half-hearted way and went on rojoicing. Then he recollected tho very small basis on which it all rested, and determined to make his hay while the sun was Binning. Again l.AWna otmilwinirt n*. . . uu WM.UTOWU ut. ovutu oyuuwuw w umur j hddtoboformcd,andwhatchancowa3thcreof ; doing any good unless 'Sir William' was known to havo a 'hand in it.' Ho bought and he sold, but it was all on. ? ; paper. Men bought for paper and iucurred liabilities that they could never meet if thoy lived to tho age of Methuselah, and then sold for paper to men as reckless and foolish as themselves. 'Whatever coin was going was . Biipphod by banks which suddenly sprung up ; into mushroom existence with tho times. ! Wallaco's companies took a new lease of lifo, ! and ho added to their number until thoy woro | ; beyond ovon his comprehensive glance. Hia itylo of hving bocamo evou more ostentatious than ovor. His Toorak mansion was enlarged bo that it rivalled tho palace of a sovereign. 1 His wifo, Lady Wallace, was tho leader of | society. Nothing could bo done in town or j ; country without her at tho head of it, and \ eertainly sho filled tho position of 'Lady j Bountiful' to admiration. Sho was a good ' . woman, And good women aro too rare. . Wallace and Lumaden wore again closctfced ? ? togother in tho office of tho former just when tho -madness was at its height. Tiicy woro both perfectly woll awaro that tho climax had boon readied, and that if thoy were to bo gafo thoy must realise gradually. But that : was easier said than dono. Paper has to ! maturo no matter how good it may bo. | Tho conference had beon long and anxious. Tho two mon looked haggard and weary. Thoy had summoned a spirit from tho vasty deep, nnd had forgotten 'the Abracadabra which could control him. Thero were many things to bo carefully considered — many con tingencies to bo anticipated. They had sue ceodod in quadrupling their assote, but thoy had been forced into incurring K&bilitios; much grcatoc, and somo of thoso had to bo rrmf. rnibsfiintiAllv in cash, or thn fahrm tfiiw had taken such troublo in building would cotno tumbling about tlioir oars liko a houso ofoarda. . ' I don't boo what wo can do,' said Lums ' dtiu, throwing himself back into his chair. ' That confounded bill of Hampton's must ? bo mot by hook or crook, and tho Victoria mil roquiro solid mahogany.' ' That doesn't matter in itself,' Raid Wal lace, 'if wo could only boo boyond* Thero is upwards of £100,000 in raluo in that safe that could bo turned into sovereigns or as food ms sovoroigns in half an hour.' '3ho douoo thero is 1' said his friend. 'What In tho name o! common-Bcnso havo havo only a cla!m/on somo twelve or fifteen | thousand of it, njfd second, although tho tuat is not my own and may bo called, for any momont, I havo mado uso of it already for an adrauoe when tho * Morcatorinl 1 re quired 0110.' ' On my honor, it will havo to go for tho satno purposo again, so far as I oan sco,' said Lumsdon. 'It hasn't beon long back,' replied Wal laco; 'but I suppose that doesn't matter. On tho smaller Bum I have oomothing of a claim. It is tho savings of a couplo of miners who gave it to mo for investment, nnd I thought I couldn't do better than invest it in our * Financial. ' Thoy havo been well cuough contented with their dividends np to tho present at any rate.' Both tho mon laughed heartily at tho thought of tho high dividends, nnd then Lurasden said ; ' You havon't told mo where thorcat came from.' 'Well, there is a bit of a mystery about that I can't got at tho bottom of. It was, left hero by the Indian — prince ho said lie was — for safe keepin g. You met him I think in Toorak ono evening. He has drawn upon mo twico or tlirco times, but only for com paratively small sums, from Duncdiu and JUaunceston, but that is nil I havo to ledger against him since ho brought the stuff one evening with sou. -!!.ing like seereoy. lie told mo ho would givo mo fair notico before ho withdrow it. I don't know why ho aaid so, but at any rate I trusted to receiving notice - and havo made good uso of tho treasure — indeed, if thing*? sir months ago hadn't taken a decent turn I half fancy I should have mado a permanent loan of it, but thero was no necessity, and I dou't think thoro ia any now. 'We can ahvayn havo timo to turn about after receiving his notice.' 'It will havo to go to tho vaults of the 'Commercial' to-inorrow, I think,' said Lumsdon. 'Things aren't over bright in the south, I can tell you. Tlio Saving' a Bank doposits hardly keop us afloat, and Carney has been 'booming' it up too loud. Wo woro both dipped in a couple of speculations protty hoavily, and ready money is over seareo with us.' 'Hang Carney and you both!', criod Wallaco in a rage. ' You'll spoil tlio whole thing by your folly. rlho bottom I toll you every day is knocked clean out of tho ' boom,' and will soon bo 'dovi! tako tho hindmost,' ond tho hindmost I toll you again will come an eternal smash. If wo can spin through for a few months wo shall come out with fly ing colors and full bags, but if you and Carney play tho deuco now we'll bo blown sky-high. Can't you have a littlo bit of common-sense ?' ' Oh, a vory few thousands will keep uu square all round, so long as the people bring in their savings and- tho borrowers pay up thoir dues. I can always shut up the direc tors, and the auditors darn't quick. Very littlo of the ready money will bo enough, and you can let ua have it now.' 'Well, you know howl stand with all tlieso companies. 'We havo bled tlio 'Mcr catorial' almost dry of cash. I havo beau disappointed, I tell you at ouco, lit many of my expectations, but I. am sure with' time we could pull straight, but we'll want time and nothing elso will do. Tiuio will steady matters, and tho margin of profit wo count on will bring us in straight. Thero ia enough and more than enough to do it, but we may turn out tho 1 donkey between two stools.' One thing is certain, you must luwo no . more speculation. You havo hud quite enough of it, and it is zsi well for yon to keop in mind that any further speculations you indulge in will bo at your own risk, and your chance of making anything ifrom them is of tho smallest. The bottom is out of tho ' boom,' I toll you.' ' I'll tuko your word for it. Tho road out of tho present state of aifairs must run through your safe. Thero is nothiug else for it, becsuso to realise now would be madness, nud these bills must bo mot or thero will bo ruin all round.' 'You are right enough thore, and I doubt I seo somo troublo ahead with tho 'Mer catorial.' * Once over thero ia a breath of suspicion tho crash will come and nothing on earth will stop it. If we can k-:ep straight, as I said before, wo can manage in a couplo of months and make splendid profits as well. Timo is CI we want, and wo must have that at any prico. Now, this is what I shall do. ThiB Halim Huki loft tho mon*y with me on tho fiolo condition that ho would Iuiyo it when it was demanded. lie made tho law papers devilishly secure for himself, I pro mise you. I hardly thought he would havo had tho nouso to do so but he did. Ho did not, howover, bind my hands as regards using it, and tho wholo consequently will go to tho vaults of tho bank as security for an ndvariou to meet thoRe bills, but on tho condition that' it is kept intact until redeemed. Darn tlio money ! — I don't know that it has benefitted mo much. I always looked back to it when I speculated, and tho temporary possession maaomocurmy nngers to ino Done unieui it turns up trumps now — at any rate thero is enough to pull lis through for tho present, and if wo got our pegs in all straight thoro will bo easy going in tho future.' 'Don't bo auro of that, old wan, Tlio wholo city has beon bitten, and if ono of theso institutions goes down tho wholo bagof tricks will bo scattered in eternal smash. Egad, I shako in my shoes myself. Between Carney and myself thero is hardly a pcmiy- picce in our concern. Tho safe is full of bogus securities, aud any minuto wo may havo a blow up. I havo a fow thousands laid by if tho worst cornea to tho worat, but not enough to make things domestic hnm as I always liko thorn. ' Phiz ' is a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive. 1 ' 'Woll, of course, I can't bo suro of it, but wo both havo tho reputation of millions and wo can livo on that for a short timo ovon if times are bad. 'What wo want, as I Raid before, is to foud off pressing creditors. Our bills aro maturing with frightful rapidity and must be mot or overything iB blown. Now, tliis Indian monoy will give us a show. I shall havo it in tho 1 Commercial ' in a day or so and you oan draw on mo. How much will do you? You will have to make it as littlo as you can possibly do with, bocauso it is risky — mighty risky, I tell you.' 'Imusthavo £10,000 at the very least. You had bettor ruu ovor aud seo how wo stand aud then you can judgo.' 'That's useless. I kuow well onough how you stand generally.' ' What do you think will bo the result of it all?' 'What do I think? Why, man, i know it will next door to ruin Victoria look, stock and barrol. That don't matter, howovor, if wo can pull through ourselves. On my con Bcionco, Lumsdon.' ' Of courso you mean as much as thero is of it.' ' To be suro I do— to ho suro I do. T going to say something olso. But X shall say that on my conscience or tho partial con j science I wouldn't like to bo in your shoes if ; thoro is an eternal smash. Tho old womon of tho Bouth will wipo you out with thoir ! dishclouts.' Lumsden shuffled a bit uneasily on liis chair at tho omen. 'All right, man,' eaid ho; 'but lot mo ; tell you while tho old womon aro at work with mo tho men will bo lynching you, aud i Egad, I don't know what I should prefer if I had a say in tho matter.' 'Poohl Poohl man, wo aro in Viotoria and living in tho Victorian ago of the mue toonth century.' ' Faith, ' said Lumsdon, rising, 'only for HMMKiiiilaii | liollior 'il.tml. tlio Yr.it siio'i'iiu'i jrst in Mirknn ^tihjoofs, Wallici/. An mf 'iiiiiJ i old -vomnn .litl bring luo lo U;i;k I!:'' V liirr | liny, nnd I lin.l tn shell uut. Q:U ! :i!u- jjm-n mo'i fine tuste, mid uow rntir uvh) i.miny Oil1 boMumeo limnglit Imt t-- miuil. U-j.il-liyo, o](l uum, I'il'UL'O ymi -.m]y ' ' Do lmro us rnv'.y n:. jkismIiIo after ten. Haiti's uiouny imint (r n, wd wc miu-t iimltc tlio moat uf tilt- titiv \\\v li:iw, J'j... suro mid como to onr hop (n-niii'iit. '\\\V must phmv a ft bold ftieo no how ! Mi ni::. Good byo ! for tlio j«'t. inf.' Tho two nimi sviuniti'd ai.d T.mn^lcii wont his way. WiUkio lviiriiiu .l lln: lust mini in tlio oflk'o, and did not h'tiv.' unli! lnnur uftvr liis (lcciistonicd hour. Tim wnn calculating tho cli«ucc;i of tlio die.'. CH.VPTEU XXII. Taii iur,r, at tookak. ' Chisollinrst,' tlio Tooruk miuisiou of Sir William Wullii.x, w:is the hcmic of tnucli 1U.SM and guy dinhirluuici! on tlio cvi.T.in^ of tlio eventful hull. Tlio road wus tiir.ui^d with carriugcs drinvn up in lint; waitinir ivitb whut patience (hoy eeuM their turn lo urivo Uli and lfiive tlirii' fail' i,-e-ir. .:nln nl. (in. bril liantly lighted door of this hi'-plialilo man sion. Tho twites, groiinds and lniu.ii' hla/cd with electric li/fht, ftnmtaiiis ? (ia.dir.il and gleamed with rainbow lutes, skilfully thrown upon tliem by carefully diCTgned lights; whilo insido tho hull tlio lausl wonderful arriuiyement of ferns and flowers converted tho stately houoc into u fairy palat'o. At tho top of tlio first recoption-rijom stood Lady Marion and Sir William Wallace, Moiling anil chattiiiir, bciuiiiii^ Ai-ith ivelcom.'; jh they - received tlioir many ijui'.sU ami nd.U'essed to them tlio fow boeiety phraser and uppropriuto ohit- chut which wan all that could bo inter | changed in so great a crowd. Edith had grown weary of it soma hull hour- previously and withdrow to an innoi drawing-room, where tho warm light fell from rosc-i'iilored globes and tho scouted air, the waving p.'.trns aud ferns, tho sweet heavy scent of raro and beautiful llowora all helped to lull tho senses to a dreaming delight whioh tho slow music of tho distant brill - room only deepened instead of rousing. Kilith found herself for a few moments ulouo, and, drawing near to ono of tho largo bay windows half shtidod by tlw Bolt, volvuty curL'iius, alio drew tho blind andpiuod out at tho soft moonlit hearona. 'Ah, heaven,' she murmured, 'how lovoly, how peiwcful tliu night ! nnd hero how huppy tho faces nroimd mo. Ah, mo 1 shall I ovor know happiness or peace again. Why can I not iitill this eag^r longing for ono step, this mad, insane desiro to hear tho sound of ono voice, to feel tlio touch of ono strung hand grasping mino with kiiiduesK. Yes ! that is. just it, with kindness it is and iibtliing olso — yet I thought tho last weolc or so lio looked with juoro gentlchesfl ; ho spoko with something of tonjJ«rit.:!«, of rogrot when ho said that ho should havo soon tu ; tiifco a journey wife tlio prince. Ah, that prince, what a dark, mystirious being ho is— ono glanufi of liis pioreiug eyo.-j is enough to send it shivor right through to my wry soul. Is lie Goorga Barton's ovil gvuius, as hoisomo times scoms to intimuto i ' ' What is tlio con neotion botwoen tiwan ? I foar— I fear.it ts liini I havo to thnuk for tho statu of Georgo'a mind towards mo. A glunco from him and George seenu to retreat within himself somo whora mikii and miles from mo — and vet is not love tlw grestsst power in tlu world 1 I fool aa if my Jovo lo? Georgo would bo strong enough to surround him like a child — to sluy any other power that would approach to lmrm him. Ah mo, what a wild, foolish girl I am — aud ho cares nothing — notliiug-— ' She clasped her hands suddenly, and wr.ung them in her torture of mind :u tho strength and hopelessness of her love fot'cod itself 011 her attontion. A deop sigh near her mado her turn sharply round lo discover the object of lior thoughts Btanjling a littlo behind gazing out at tho niglit with a dreaming, far away uir as if lie was only half alive. ' Mr. Barton, I thought you wero danc ing !' cried Edith, scarcely knowing in lior confusion what slio said. 'Dancing, dancing— what havo I- to do with dancing ; that belonged to— to what' — something or somewhere that I can't lay hold of in my mind do what I will — somo timo or placo in my lifo, nnd yet wiu it 1/1 -j lifo ?M 'Mr. Barton, you tJillc strangely at times, and yot when notion is necessary-, you are quick onough, as l am never-tired of romoro- | boring,' slio addtxV m 11 -soft' and. winning 1 tone It nccmcd to touch Barton into life for a moment. Adviincmif 11.' stop ho tool; her 1 hand 111 u warm clasp. ' Niiyj-Missillars'len, you tlunk too inueli of so simple a thing;- but 1 ennnot nny. much about it sinco it hin; hrought-nio tho friend ship and sympathy . of ? so sweet a woman as yourstlf, mid I am .so rough nnil plain a 111:111 that I ennnot oxpread to you all I . wish to lay. ' Yos, my friendship is yours, ir that is of nny iisa to you — friends in tins, world aro nob.so plentiful I ilud, and 111 societv it is a word of. u hollow souad ; yet friondslnp, pure aud siu^lo-hcnrtod, and. kind thought itevor ?yet harmed anyono, and iny lifo is so lonely a onojin spito of iippairanoes, and will bo al ways soj that my irionds lire few and far bo twoon. A faction of frionJslup; therefore, is not likely to bo brokoti 011 niv part — hands oii'tf' slio'addodj with a short laugh which verged, very nigh to toars, Onco moro tlioir hands mot 111 a loir.! clasp. . - ? . 'Thunks, Miss Marjden— Edith luuy I any for onco. This ? is, . mdood, a thing to prize — a truo, warm-lioartod littlo friend; butIforg«t I eamo to ask, at your sister's desire, if you -will honor 1110 with this waltz. I fcol as if I danced, and yot I am not cer tain !' ho cried, m an irritated kind of way,. ' but you aro so geiitlo* that if I -don't shapo woll you will pardon mo, I know;' ? mid drawing tlio hand ho still hold through his onu, ho marcliod off to tiio bull- room in the half -absent manner which seemed 0110 of his cltiof characteristics. Tho softest ivntl droanuest of waltzoa , souudod through. tlio ball-room, niid I3dith soon found licrsolf floating round 111 Ooorgo Barton's arms in the rythmic motion so dear to all truo lovers of tho ball- room. Hor stop and Goorgo's harmonized well together. Tho danccrs thinned off couplo aftoy couiile, .but Edith and lior companion kopt on. Maiiy.an admiring glunoo followed thorn; »lio was so graceful and Barton so tall, and their danc ing expressed tlio very poetry of '.motion. But as Kingsloy says, ' ' Good times and bad times and all times soon como to an end,' and «o at lilt did tho waltz. With the look of dreaming happiness still on htr face, sho let Barton lead her to ono c-f tho dimly lighted conserratorios in nilonce .in ;1 stand fanning hor for ft fow momenta ero ho broke tho sllenoe. 'Thank you, my little friend ; it Rooms ] that I did dunoo onoo somewhoro, though J 'pan ray honor I can't s&y; whoro. But you possess a groat amount of electric forco, I fanoy, for I always fool a oertain d,-fianco of futa or something when I mn near you. A strango foot. I cannot oiplniu oven to my self -what I moan. A strnngo mon I know myself to bo — a queer friend for you, littlo ono, and ono you'll tiro of before long if I mistakonot.' ' Nover Georgo — Mr. Burton I mean — I slmll not change as long as thero is life 'hi mo at all ; but I wish, oh, I wish I coulrl help you to remember what you wish, but I feel strangely depressed to-night, and I thought I licird moro than ono auxlnus tono in tho groups of talking people that wo pafiieil jjoinj* 