THE CONTINENTALS. Another £NE programme has been arranged for this evening. The artists taking part are Miss Lucy Stevenson, who will sing Molloy'S "Saturday Night"and "Marguerite." Miss Nelly Gibbons (of Clare) will make her debut. Her songs are "A woodland serenade," by Mascheroni, and the bright valse Bong " L'Estace,'' by ArditL Our local and popular tenor, Mr. Norman Maloolm, will sing Hatton'S beautiful " Exoelsior" and "The old, old words." The Militia Band, in addition to an excellent promenade programme, will perform a descriptive work by Hecker entitled " A dream in Helvetia," and also the popular vocal galop "Midnight,"for which they received an imperative encore when last performed at the Continentals. Altogether the programme is excellent, and a big attendance may be expected. THJE WALTER BENTLEY BENEFIT. The version of ''The Silence of Dean Mait- Iand" dramatised by Mr. E. Lewis Scott, of Sydney, and Mr. Walter Bentley, which will be produced for the first time on any stage at the Bijou Theatre on Friday next, February 2, will contain many of the best portions of the well-known book. The drama will be presented with complete costnmes by Doolette and Co., scenery, and appointments, and Mr. Bentley will appear as Cyril Maitland. THE CYCLORAMA. Visitors were at the Cyclorama last evening in large numbers. After inspection of the exquisite picture and the giving of Mr. Lockley's interesting lecture, the ghost of Napoleon came out and tbe enchanted fountain started its surprising gambols, to the delight of the spectators. One can quite imagine himself in fairyland when gazing on the wonderful colours and changes that the fountain assumes. ROTUNDA CONCERT. The Volunteer Band attracted a large concourse of people to the banks of the Torrens on Friday evening, when the following programme of music was submitted under Bandmaster Charles Hodder:—March, "Chef d'eeuvre (Bulch); polka, "Cinderella" (Harris); selection, "The Mountebanks" (Cellier); waltz, "DieGrafenberger"(Gung'J); selection, " Pantomania on latest London songs" (Williams), encored; and quadrille, " The Mikado" (Sullivan). PORT VICTOR CHORAL SOCIETY. This Sooiety placed its third programme before the public on Friday evening, January 19, when the Institute Hall was crowded with an influential and appreciative audience. Besides being very representative locally, many of the elite of Adelaide were noticeable in the auditory, among them being Sir Jenkin and Lady Coles and party. Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Porter and party, Mrs. and Miss Gosse, Misses Hay (2), Mr. and Mrs. Simpson Newland, Messrs. Newland, Gosse (2), Makin (2), Mr. and Mrs. Acraman and Misses Acraman, Mr. and Mrs. Cudmore and party, and Mr., Mrs., and Miss Kennedy. The glees, "Hail, smiling morn," "In the lonely vale of streams," "When winds breathe soft," and "Carnovale," were given splendidly under the baton of Mr. G. P. Hodge, jun., and a quartet and trio were pleasingly rendered by members of the Sooiety. The soloists, who acquitted themselves oreditably, were Misses LC. Chambers, M. Hodge, M. Huniberstone, Wheaton, and Pbipps, and Messrs. Hodge, Taylor, and Dench. Humorous readings were amusingly given by Messrs. A. Grosveuor and E. J. Wheaton. Tbe overtures were played by Miss Churchitt and Miss Hodge, and the latter accompanied well throughout the evening. Miss Kennedy played a violin solo pleasingly. The entertainment was an artistic and financial success. TO-DAY'S AMUSEMENTS. ALL DAY. Hindley-street.—Cyclorama. AFTERNOON. Cricket. — Adelaide Oval — Norwood v. Austral, Adelaide v. South Adelaide. Kensington Oval—Hindmarsh v. North Adelaide. Grange and Henley Beach—Sporta. Glenelg—Yacht Raoe. ' EVENING. Theatre Royal.—"Storm and Sunshine." Exhibition Grounds.—Continentals. 