No Tell tale Wanted, Young Lady (at bird-store): "Has this parrot any accomplishments ?" Proprietor: "He can speak a little, but ha'u too old to learn anything now." Young Lady (hesitatingly): " Would he imitato any sounds be might hear, suoh si - a Bneeze, or a cougb, or anything of that kind ?" Proprietor: "No. Tho girls were trying tho other duy to tor.oh him to imitate the sound of a bias, bnt ho wouldn't do it." Youug Lady (decidedly): " I'll take him."- Claws in tbe will— Fingers ot tbe lawyers. "'Is that your domestio ?" "No; Bbe iamy importod." Necessity ia tbe mother ot invention, and likowica tho father of lieB." If tbs boys do'not kiostho misseB, then tbs girls will miss tbo kiesas. It is tbo man who is too full for utferanoa who never knows when he's, loaded, ,r , , ,„ MAN:iB:often fonder of his dogs ihnn heThf1 of his kin ; but, then, a dog oan never con test a will." "I think watering wine is a gross swindle," " So it is— but sanding sugar is a grooor swindle." Finsi Fibqedman : " What luok ?" Second Fisherman: "None at all; oan'i get tbs cork out." " Say, mamma, ain't we made ol duot ?" " Yes, dear," " Well, why don't we get muddy when wo drink?" "Don't you get tired of this. do-nothing life?" Yaas, very; but trade is vulgar una .suiaideis oriminal. What oan I do 1" Be (oantiously): " What wonld you ssy, ' . darling, if I should ask you to be my wiie?" Darling (even more oautiously) : "Ask ma and find out," Refoiitbb : " Have you seen Patti tbit morning ?" Elevator Boy : " Yes ; I saw ktr and raised her." Edith : "It's tbo little things that tell in this lite," Alios : " Well, you'd think so if you had two small brothers, as I bave." First Housekeeper : "What is your idea of tho height of earaaom ?" Second House keeper, "Calling servants 'help.'" He: "And where are you going next?' r8he (Cook's tourist) : » Milan." " Why, you :aro in 'Mil'an now." "Oh I are we? \YolJr then, Geneva.'' ! 11 y " ' ' ' "I1'!)' Miss Fely : " Jack is attracted by Skies Gilter's money rather tban by her personal charms, isn't be ?" Miss Bonnor : " I judge so. I heard him speak of hor tbe other uay SB his financee. " Colcnkl Aukiks (of DsuvSz) ; " Young man, what was that doeo you gave mo afore you yanked th' tooth?" Tho Dentist : " Oooaine aud whiBky, sir." Colonel Arkins : " Pull some more 1" Sue: "Shakespeare is simply marvel lous." " Ho is, indeed. Even the names he gives hif minor characters have a deep signi ficance. Look at Pistol, lar instance. Ha was always loaded." " I have noticed," remarked Dolloy, " tbst tbo women who bave the smallest feet pos sess also the most acute sense of humor." " I wonder why ?" replied MisB Amy, noyly pushing her foot forward a triflo. " Because brevity iB the soul of wit," Mob. Jinks: "Ideolarel Alios Smith (s to bo married I It is frightful the way girls marry nowadays. A woman should never think of it until ehe has reaohed toe age ot discretion." Mr. Jinks: "In othav words, Sou would have them stay single all their ves." " Bo that fellow Brown marriod the popu lar Miss Jonee, and she had a dozen batter men at ber feet," " Yes, and be sails her E ploribus unum.' " " ' E plnriboa nnnm 1' What does he mean by tbst ?" " Won loom . many. Brown is a Latin 6obolar, don't you . know." "Rors (tho obioken-borrowor): ''Fo' flV good Lawd, Mistab Ghost, laff me go <Us time on I nebber oome beah agin I" Mr, Goopley (of the Georgia pine-diatriot) : " G'long 1 I hain't no gnost. They wor a tsr-'n-foatherin' beo last night, en th' tils woman'B mado me stay out byar till th' effects wear off." A man says he aamo serosa three ratB in the road some time ago and all of them had hoid of a straw, travailing along, He'deelaws tbat tbe two ontside rats were leading (1m centre one, whiah waa blind. Tbat would be a better story if rats wore not farniflbctl by nature with excellent tow-linoB or their own. What Chappie says: " It's tbe qneorect thing, you know ; I called on Miss Hankiu- son, ot Geelong, last night, and that Ohnbb 1 was there. I hadn't been in the room ten minuteB, when. Obubb offered to bet Miss HankinBon tbat I couldn't go down to the Battery and baok in two hours, Sbe touk the.bet, and I Btarted. I did it in an hour and forty minutes; but when I got baetc to the houso Ohubb'bad gone home and Miu Hankinson bad retired." Flott, the volunteer, left the barracks without permission. As tbe yonng matt 1b b general favorite, biB corporal determined, if possible, to shield him from punishmont, Aooordingly, ho wrapped a sweeping-brash in a blanket and laid it in the volunteer's bed. Tho officer on duty, who is rather short-sighted, soon after wont tho ronnd of tbo bedc until he oamo to Flott's, ' Who lios thore ?" ha asked tho oorporal. " Volun. tecr Flott," was tho reply. " Flott, eh t Tho disorderly fellow is so intent on pleasure tbat ho totally neglects himrelf." (The cor poral trembles in vho belief that tbe fraud ia discovered.) "You may tell Voluntee. Flott to- monow to roS hjs huir oat. Gooff j AiohiolL... . . ;< 