Art and Literature. To me, going to Paris means going back fifty years iu civilisation, spending an uncomfortable night, and getting away next morning as Boon as possible. I know, of course, that there mutt be places and circles in Paris whioh are not hopelessly ont of date, but I have never found them out: and if I did, what figure oouli}, I make in them with my own weapon, language, broken in my haud ?—<?. B. SAoia. Tbe hen nightingale exoelg the cock at laying eggs, bnt, with apologies to sad Philomel and the poets, the cook nightingale is the artist of tbe pair: it is he who does tbe singing. Of course we read bow She, poor bird, as quite forlorn, Laid her breast against a thorn. And even Homer, or, at all evenis, his Penelope who may have been prejudiced, alleges that Philomela, the hen nightingale, is tbe musical partner in the firm. The most superficial knowledge of natural hietory disapproves this contention. The female bird lays and hatphes the eggs; she is beyond competition here: the male bird catchrg the early wotm for the family, and sings. He is superior in these arts—Daily Heu>$. In judging any particular poet one ueually asks two questions—first, Has he imagination and mnsio; ia {act, can he write poetry at all? and then, IB hie book a fine utterance, an cxoellent and distinguished speech well-broken in our tragicomedy ? If he be a true poet his words will last whether we will or no; but if he have something of a noble hardihood, of heroic ardour, their life shall be the longer, their influence tbe greater. We do not expect him to expound maxims, to preach r lessons, bnt wc are grateful for a touch of the grand manner, of ' the high breeding • cf those rare artists who have made themsolves a portion of their art.—ipeaier. The self-defence of England has almost always helped the self defence of some other Power or Powers. The British navy has been at the game time the guardian of England's independence and the preserver of the equipoise between tbe states of Europe or between tbe groups into which they have been arranged. This dual character of England's action is founded in her geographical situation. The oommand nf power in iurope are two names for the same thing, two aspects of ono activity, ~~~ the two facts of a coin.— I am Donvinced that playbills are;^j pernicious ; and one should never know' aotors' names and private circumstances, spectators would then be compelled! identify them with tbair dramatic characters, the interest will bo much purer and • divided, ..the illusion carried an iar as ii'OKBand ought to be. . . . The actor oniifc other hand deprived cf his private name aria existence miist feel mere aovvmcea oi the reality of bis 5 -act life, anagwould be liberated from the shackleB of timidity and the temptations of individual vanity, would grojv careless about his creditors and be unable;-to try and please tii6 ladies as Mr. w^h the handsome leg witika to his fiieiids ia the pit.— The sententious man has not the very fainteBt sense of humour, and as litfie of graoe, of playfulness, of tenderness. With none of the fire of enthusiasm, none cf the passionate force of fanaticism, he is as positive as the one and even mora narrow than the other. He takes both hitnuelf mi all lifo as seriously as if he were responsible for the law of gravitation and the good behaviour of the pole-star. He never laughf, lad when he i-milea it is in earaastio fashion, with neither mirth nor pleasure'on his lips. .He would abolish all places of purely mindless amusement, and substitute philosophy for skirt-danoing and Beerfhovcn for a breakdown. He would elevatfe thu ma8S68 by giving them things far beyond their power of comprehension. He'&ould; bring up children on scienoe and ita 'ologi^e, banishing fairy t&l; es from the Wrsety and fiction from tbe school room.— From tbe time when the Jewa sprinkled their lintels and aide-posts with blood till the present diy, Oriental races have availed themselves of symbols exposed to public inspection and criticism, bat intended to'ie' understood only by a few- This practice's; remarkably opposed to Western notion^ Oar Anarchists, when they conspire together, get no opening marks on the walls and houses in our cities. On the contrary, they take every precaution to avoid exciting attention. Bat in the East it is otherwise. In the stary of Ali Baha it will be remembered that the ch ; ef jJirkod tbe door of his master's honBo voooguUo ife. Everybody passing by coald see ibis strange mark. It must have been conspicuous enough, one would suppose, to arouse sucpicion and defeat the thief's own object. Such an idea never seams to have oooured to the story- teller.—Saturday Review. It is the efflse and the function of the imagination to renew life in lights and sounds and emotions that are outworn and fimiliar. It calls the soul back once more under th® dead ribs of nature, and makes the meanest bnsh burn again, as it did to Mob«58, with the visible presence of God. And it works the same miracle for language. The word it has touched retains tho warmth of life for ever. We talk about, tbe age of superstition and fable aB.if they were passed away, as if no ghost could walk in pure white light of science, yet the aicroecops that can distinguish between tbe di«cs that float in the blood of man and ox, is helpless, a mere daad eyeball, before this mystery ef Being, this wonder of Life, the sympathy which puts us in relation with all nature, before tbe mighty circulation cf Deity in which stars and systems are but as the blooddiscs in our own veins. Aud bo long as wonder lasts, bo long will Imagination find thread for her loem, and til like, the Lidy of Shalott weaving Hie magical web in which ' the shows of things are accommodated to the desires of the mind.'—Lowell. There is nothing in nature whioh is either beautiful or ugly, apart from the nesdu or experiences of tbe observer. Take sunns beautiful object—anything, I don't care •what. It is beautiful only by reason of tbe pyo which looks upon ir. -Suppress the btUBt ana the objoct cecals to bi beautiful; it rgerely exists, and may, indeed became ugly to the eye of somi other eMatnro that comes along. To put tbe matter in a nutshell, beauty and ugliness both arc msreiy the judgment of the observer, who is guided by considerations of utility, tempered by abstract precept.— W6 16MB by degree* to take a pleasure *n tbh manu. i-i.-m of Glbb.-n and Johnson. H is something like reading Latin as a living language. But in both these cases the man is only present by hie thought. It is the force of tfcf-t, acd only thut, which distinguishes themselves from everything else. Bat with BnrVe, who has true style, we have a very different experience. If we go along with Johnson. or Gibbon, we ar« carried along by Burke- Take the finest specimen of him, for example, ' The Letter to a Noble Lord.' The eenteccee throb with the very pulee of the writer; As he kindles, tbe phrase glows and dilateB. and we feel ourselves sharing in that warmth and expansion. At last we no longer read, we a rem to hear him, so livingly is tbe whole man in what be writes ; and when the spell is over, we can scarce believe tbat those typts could have held snph lavishing discourse.—Lowell. Spenser Wilkin, Lovell JBeddoet. Mrt^lynn Linton. v.' ' J. F NUbett. 