HEELTAPS. fBr Frbelunohbr.1 In the room behind the bar. Where people moat do congregate, You get the gossip, near or far, Of matters past, and up to date. ' Toe -windy affairs of men 'Else like a cloud of duat, '' And ate as quickly laid again.' THE STARGAZERS, This is a strange title for a book, bus tt I thecustom now in this sensation-loving age to christen bookB fantastically. I have just been reading 'The Stargazers,' by G. Manville Fenn, published T»y G, Bell attd Co., and like it ; the characters are oapitaUy drawn, with a certain simple distinctness of outline, very Fenn-like. Without being a powerful story, It 'has a purpose, which is the main thing in a novel. Captain Ralph, a young fellow with no brains, but 'legs as hard an nails,' has no other ambition in: life but to distinguish himself as an athlete, is engaged to Glynne Day, a young lady, whose life is so. placid that she doeB not know that she has a dormant intellect and a heart until her soul is awakened by meeting Moray Alleyne, a young fellow of genius, who is ruining his splendid constitution by unre mitting study of the stars. Around these three much of the interest revolves, but there are other characters to which- the reader will take kindly; notably Dr. Holroyd, a fine young physician ; Alleyne's charming sister Lucy, a light-hearted, natural girl, with no nonsense about her ; Marjorie Emlin, a woman of spirit with a capacity for mischief. She is thus described. — 'A pretty girl of nineteen, whose eyes were puzzling, for in one light they seemed beautiful, in another shifting. She was a Rosefcti-ish style of girl, with too much neck, a tangle of dark red hair, and lips of that peculiar pout seen in the above artist's pictures, in conjunction with heavily-lidded eyes, and suggesting at one moment infantile retractation from a feeding bottle, at an other parting from the last kiss. There was a want of f ranknesB in her countenance that would have struck a stranger at once till she spoke, when the winning soft coo of her voice proved an advocate, which make the disengeauous looks and words fade into in* sigaifioance.' This is a little farfetched, but the girl acts up to it — she turns out a vixen. Tliere, read the book for yourselveB. IF YOU DIDN'T come down and aee 'The Prodigal Daughter' you ought to have done so, it certainly is the best staged, and most enjoyable comedy drama of its class the Bland Holt Company have given us. How on earth his hunstmen mounted on spirited horses manage to get the animals to gallop so palpably, clear the real hurdles and water jump with so much to spare, and pull up without running butt into the wall on as narrow a stage is a puzzle to me. There is no gammon or stage trickery about it— you see what might be a tit-bit of a steeplechase on the Adelaide racecourse, and no wonder the ' Gods ' and ' Satellites ' swear by Bland Holt. TOMM7 WALKER. The twinkle in the eye of James Gordon when His RoysLHighness, Tommy Walker, the aboriginal ^King, is brought np before him for looking upon the wine when it is red, or rather on the beer when it is flat, i»*- treat. When Tommy isn't drunk he is in gaol, and when he isn't ia gaol he is drunk, there is no happy medium with Tommy, he goes the whole hog or none. The youngsters have a rhyme : — ?? Tommv Walker, walk up here. You are charged with drinking beer, Seven-and-six you have to pay, Ta-ra-ra- ra-boom-de-aye.' The other day Tommy's Gladstone bag— a shockingly dirty and smelly' old sack — was overhauled to find a two shilling piece he said the police took from him, and they fonnd at the bottom a flagon of wine. Now who gave Tommy that flagon ? eh ! A COOL-GABDIB YAKS'. Every fellow who comes back from Cool gardie has some yarn to tell, but this one I cannot for the life of me understand. 1st Man.— 'I Bay, old fellow, how do you manage to get a complete bath at Coolgardie wben water is so scarce. 2nd Man— Oh I you see when we come to a well or water hole we wash down as far as possible, and then in a week or so we come to another we wash up as far as possible. 1st Man— Oh V that's the way you do it ; then I suppose' poor possible never gets washed at all. JAFS AND CHTNKIES. The gloomy forecaster is at work already. The latest idea is that the Japanese will conquer China, drive the hordes of Celestials out, and cause the 'yellow agony ' to over ran the whole of Earope and eventually swamp Australia, \- I should like to see the Japanese win in this war. because they are braverf- superior in tactics, and a more generous nation, but I think the Chinkies will conquer in the end with superior numbers. PROMISCUOUS. Here's a bit from 'Cynicus' that will suit some of our holy Joes — ' Oh ! Lord I thank thee I am not As ordinary men ; The talents five Thou gavest me Behold I make them ten. A chosen vessel in Thy House, I'm of the favored few ; I never stay away from church ; Nor slumber in my pew. Lord prosper all my little plans, Increase mv worldly store. And then in Heaven on golden harp I'll praise thee evermore.' Some of the City Fathers can be awfully nasty sometimes. One of them tabled a motion indirectly charging Mayor Willcox with favoritism in connection with the dis pensing of his hospitality. There was really no ground for it, but yon know even City Councillors get bilious after a ball supper. Lord Eintore is ' going to take a rest for a week !' Ghost of Hereules ! Why ? Can not yon picture the hard- worked figurehead of the ship of State, pale, worn, weary, harassed, thin, suffering f ram insomnia, and all the 'ills that vice-regalty is heir to in consequence of having to yawn out occasional bazaar openings, lay a foundation stone and cackle over it; and make an occasional speech written for him. Why ! it reminds me of some of the city parsons \7ho preach borrowed sermons and He in bed six days in the weettfllnoon for about five years, and then require a testimonial, a purse of sovereigns, and a trip to Yeurope to restore their exhausted system. Why, our brainey little Chief-Justice works twelve or fourteen hours out of twenty-tour and yon rarely he*r of him taking a week's rest. I know' news paper men in Adelaide who have averaged twelve hours a day with Sunday more often thrown in than not, for ovar tweoty years, and never 'h*d more than three weeks vaca tion in the year— and that vacation partly evoted to making copy. ? 