Miss Lilian Tree. Musical 'people and her many friends wfll laarn with regret that Miss Lilian Tree is about to resume the active work of her profession, which since her marriage has bean much in abeyance. Miss Tree's only appearances so far have, it is believed, been without fee. To one whose talents so fit her to adorn that profession, and who has tasted the delights of enthusiastic applause for her work, the routine of home life is not sufficient, and it is with a selfish sorrow rather than surprise that the news has been received, it is understood that Mite Lilian Tree's present stay in Melbourne is preliminary to a journey to America, where all will wish her a complete success. '. ? * Miss Emma Chambers, whose Iolanthe will be .well remembered, by admirers of the Boyal Comic Opera Company, has returned from South Africa, and has been secured by Mr. Bignold for ?? The King of Crime.' ....«» Miss Ruth Willinot has successfully concluded hec engagement with Mr. Frank Thornton in Adelaide, and has. been much complimented for the manner in which she played her part. The Arnold portion being now combined with the Thornton Company, there is no longer room for extras, and on Mr. Thornton's recommendation Miss Buth Willmot has been at once engaged by Mr. Arthur Garner, for his company, which opens at the Melbourne Bijou Theatre on Saturday next. Miss Kitty Stephens, afterwards Catherine, Coun tess of Essex, was in 1830 earning an income of £5000 a year, and invested her money so well that when in 1838 she married the Earl of Essex (when he was 82, she being 44) she was- already wealthy. The Earl died the year following his marriage, and Catherine enjoyed her splendid jointure aud house in Belgrave-square until her death in 1882. Madame Belle Cole, the contralto in the concert company soon to open in Sydney, is an American lady. Associated with some of the artists who accom pany her, she gave a splendid performance of ' Messiah.' Dr. Hans von Bulow summed up his musical belief in the following credo :— ' I believe in Bach, the Father, Beethoven, the Son, and Brahms, the Holy Ghost.' Von Bulow placed the portrait of the premeriere ballerina at the Imperial Opera House, Vienna, in the place of honour in the artist's room during a series of concerts. A friend remarked ' I did not know that you were such an admirer of the ballet.' ' Oh, yes,' replied Von Bulow, ' I have the greatest regard for MdUe. ? . She is the only artist at the opera who is never out of time.' On one occasion when the chorus girls were particularly talkative he rebuked them thus : *' Ladies, remember that you are not called upon to save Borne.' A subscription was being rised to present a 'venerable, but not venerated,' musician with a testimonial. Von Bulow was asked to subscribe, and consented on the condi tion that his name should head the list. The terms were effusively granted, and Von Bulow put his name down for sixpence ; yet to pupils and aspiring students he was generosity itself. Mr. Dolmetsch, in the first programme of a series of recitals, placed ' Henry VIII.' conspicuous in English composers of the sixteenth century, and per formed several highly meritorious vocal and instru mental works, which will it is feared rekindle the controversy as to where ' The King left off and the music master begun.' 