Spoils and Pastimes. Caumuisld Cup Day. Mil. J. B. Clark's gelding, Reconstruction, is a firm favorite for the Queensland Derby. 4.1, k®rses were left in the Caulfield Cup after , 6 final acceptances were made. A field of 27 mav be expected. - Backers of Isaac might feel very satisfied with their chances, were it not for the fact that the horse bleeds from the nostrils after every gallop. hundred potinds has been donated to.the South Australian Cricketing Association by the New bouth Wales Association. In view of the farcical display of starting at Caulfield last Saturday, the V.A.T.C.has determined to use Johnson and Gleeson's starting gate for the nursery and Windsor Handicaps to-day. Sydney people regard Mr. McSweney, the owner of Arihi, who won the Sapling Stakes in Sydney last Saturday, as the heaviest backer on the Australian turf. There was a terribly poor field out for the Steeplechase, but there were no accidents because the jumps are not severe. That was quite to the liking of King Louis, who had the race in hand after the first half-mile. Tines inflicted on jockeys at Caulfield on Saturday amounted to .£167. It would pay owners to provide starting gates at their own expense rather than submit to the payments which a faulty system of starting engenders. George Bonnor, the cricketer, has settled in Brisbane, which also boasts the presence of Percy McDonnell, Conningham, J. Carlton and J. Drape, a quintette which will form a splendid backbone for an Intercolonial eleven of great strength. A writ was issued by the National Bank on Thursday last, in the Supreme Court at Melbourne, against a well-lcnown book-maker, for the recovery of .£1191 on account current. The Guineas had evidently turned into Dead Sea applos. Ebor beat his opponents like hacks in the Hurdle Kaoe. The Messrs. Miller fancied Goldreef's chance, but doubted his honesty, and only stood to win about >2150 if he had been successful. Goldreof never gave his supporters a ghost of a hope, for ho was in the ruck from start to finish. Amongst Amerioan entries for the English Derby of 1896 is a bay colt by the New Zealand horse Maxim, from Carina, a Kingfisher mare. Mr. Bel mont, the owner of the colt, lias also nominated two other colts, one by the famous American horse Iroq nois, and the other by the English sire, St. Blaise, The biood mare, Pilgrimage, which died roeontly at the St. Alban's stud, left behind her a colt foal to Strathmore. The foal is to be brought up by hand, and will, in horsey parlance, be a " poddy." Eortuuatus is a " poddy," but has more substance than the generality of his class, who are mostly small and mean. Starting by means of one flag was roducod to ah absurdity on Saturday in 'the .Debutant Stakes and Toorak Handicap. Mr. Watson's liberal administra tion of fines on all the jockeys did not cover up tlio ghastly failures, fortunately for the public the days of flag starts are numbered, and t he starting ;ute will soon be the rule rather than the excep tion. One of,the most promising rauors soon for many a day is Challengor, who won the Dobutaut Stakes as easily as a groat horse might, Killioorankio, ivho was carrying a 71b. iionalty, finished second, but Challenger had more than 7!bs. in hand, and it is more than probable that the 10 lb. penalty which he has, by his win, inourrocl tor the Maribyrnong Plato, will not prevent him appropriating that classic event. The following anticipations as to the result of to-day's races should not bo very wido of the mark i Maiclon Plato—>1, 'Malachite j 2, Dry don j 8, Maroon. Nurseryi Handicap—-1, Cravat j 2, Maio j 3, Killio orankio or Bob Boy, Oauliiold. Cup—1, Buenalf j 2 Brilliant j 3, Theodore or Capstan, Second Sfcoople ' .'.Unnrtl ' 1 IT-Iii/k 'I ./miIu'i . t>. Tln'llnu « nifl .1 nrlrrtt <Mi 3, Preston, After the running of the Debutant Stakes on Saturday, a dispute arose between the owners of Sabrina and Hera as to the relative merits of the two fillies over 3i furlongs. A match was partly arranged for .£100 a-side, and it was proposed to decide the event on the Caulfield course this after noon, but the distance was too short to comply with the "V.R.C. rule as to races for two-year-olds in October, so the match remains in abeyance. Ike O'Neil Weir, an American light-weight boxeij when asked whether he worked and how he got his living, replied, "I don't do anything. It comes natural." As Weir is nick-named " The Spider," the " coming natural " method of obtaining a living is partly understandable. If the Government could only discover the secret' of making living " come natural," the unemployed problem would be solved at once. Cokbett, the champion prize-fighter of the world, has just had a sort of friendly go. with Courteney in front of, the Edison Kinetograph, which will now x*eproduce every phase of the struggle to the American public at (id., per head. Corbott received a cheque for 50U0 dollars for his work. There is no mention made of what Courtney's dividend was, but no one doubts that it was a mere mite compared with Pompadour Jim's share. Packers of Aeolus, for the Toorak Handicap), knew their fate before the start, because whilst Solanum hardened in price Aeolus weakened, and there was no chance of the Sydney division cutting their own throats. Devon was very little backed, Mr. Paterson, the owner, only taking .£300 about his chance. It was a wonderfully easy win, and wonderfully fast time. It is said that Foxtail, who is in the same stable as Devon, is a stone better - horse. If so, the Caulfield Cup is practically over. . Mr. W.J. Duffy, who has leased Foxtail from the" owner, Mr. Lenny, fancies his chance, and lias' backed him to win a fair stake. Fob all Dreamland's reported illness the public : rushed to back him for the Guineas, but he could ' only get third. Probably, he was not quitu ready, but he lias a pair of forelegs that do not inspiie confidence in his ability to withstand a strong pre paration or the wear and tear of a heavy-racing season. Cobbity, to whom the race toll, is a re- ' * markably good horse for a sire to. produce in his first season at the stud, but it is not more than might have been expected from such a performer as Abercorn. Marusa, a full brother to Malvolh, finished brilliantly and secured second place, Moorib, -. who was heavily backed, displayed a lot of temper and would not race. It lias been suggested that the name of the Cau1-' field Stakes should be altered to the "Roping Sbakos," ■ because each race for the event shows that tliroe fourths or more of the starters are not trying. This may seem deductively to detract from the value of The Harvester's win on Saturday last, but that is not the meaning desired to be convoyed, for the Har vester's victory was full of merit. Mr, Oook took .£100 to .£3 about the son of Springtime's chance, and that is all he won beside the stake. Malachite's second to The Harvester should not be lost sight ol, because he was blocked in liis run and had to pu.l out. At the finish he was going faster than an^ - thing else, and will ho hard to beat in the V.R.C., Derby. There is great uncertainty about Ruenali'a mission, but if any of those who hold him in big sweeps for the Caulfield Cup were to come forward with a big stake, they would get a run, and mott likely a win. The party have three strings, Ruou alf, Lady Trenton, and Aeolus, to their bow, and all three seem dangerous. There was a whisper abroad during the week that the stable had backed the two doubles, Ruenalf and Aeolus, and Aeolus and Rue naif, for the two cups to win a tidy sum. Lady Trenton's chances Beem minimised by the fact that she is a mare, and they are always uncertain in. the Spring, and that her weight, Sat. Bibs., has only, ■. twice boon carried to victory in a Caulfield Cup. .; . /The death of Martin Bourke follows singularly oiosely upon the demise of Tommy Corrigan, The two men came to the colony in the same ship and., settled down in the .Western discriet. " There ,was , . a strong friendship between the two jockeys, us was 1 shown by the fact that Martin . Bourke got up from a bed of siolcnoss to attond Corrlgan's funeral, , They were the two greatest cross couutry jockeys in" I Australia, but whilst Corrigan escaped accidents in,'■ a marvellous way, Bourke had a double share, and there was hardly a bone in his body that had not boon fractured. Unlike Corrigan, JBourke saved a competence, and leaves his family provided for. Martin Bourke was au honest jockey, and a porfout horseman, • —i— ' Til ii) Wesley College Athletic ypoits Meeting talcos place on tlio College Oval, Sb, Kiida-road, ou Friday, .November 2, Sports will bo started at 2 o'clock. 