SOCIAL DOINGS. \- (Continued from pago 6.) The Hon. J. R. Diokson goes to Sydnoy on Friday next. The Misses Diokson travel by tho Loura on Wednesday. Mr. W. L. G. Drew has gone southward for tho Christmas holidays. Sir William Farmer and his daughter, who havemadothe round northern trip in tlio steamer Aromao, wore in Brisbano yesterday, and left again for Sydnoy in tho Aramao this morning. Mr. Vivian Tozer and Master S. D. Tozor wont to Sydney thiB morning. Thoy will be joined by their parents on Monday night. Mm. CowlishawretarnedtoBrishanoon Wed nesday after an absence in WeBtMaitland of six weeks. Miss Hunt, of tho Ipswioh Grammar Sohool, loft yeBterday for Sydnoy and Goulburn. Mr. George Nioklin, formerly of Coorparoo and now of Murwillumbah, and his brido loft Brisbane yesterday for Sydnoy, on- thoir houoy- moon tour. Mrs. J. E. V. Nowsbam and one of her sons wont to Sydney to-duy in tho Aramao. Tho Christmas holidays will witnoss several ohanges in tho staffing of Brisbane State sohools. Miss Fleming, who has occupied tho position of headmistress of tho Woolloongabbu girls' and infants' for nearly 18 months past, is retiring from tho service, and it is understood that sho will shortly ontor upon matrimonial life. Her place will he filled by Miss Agnow, head teacher of the Central infants' sohool, and who was at ono timo kindergarten teaelicr to the department. Miss Slaughter, recently at Kangaroo Point, andformorly assistant teacher in tho Central infants' sohool, lius been pro moted to take the position vaeated by Miss Agnew. Ladies Column. Social Doings. Information concerning sooinl events, visits to or from otlior countries, notes about drosson, nil of whioh villi be rowtrilncl ns strlotly conildrntinl; should be sent, to the " Hocinl Editor " on or before JMday ut 13 o'olook noon in eaoh wei-k.1 It is expaotccl that nil murrinnos noticed In this column will nlso be nnnonncod in tho usual domcstio ndvcrtlsomontn, cnih proimid.l Sir Arthur Ftilmor and family liavo loft Tfiringa for Sontliport, where thoy will spond the remaiador of tho summer. .Sir Samuel Griffith, O.J. , has oxohnnpred with Mr. Justica Real the vaoation judgeship, lis it will hi) neuessuvy for the. Chiof Justice to he in Brlsbano early in January- to attend tho meetings of tlio Australasian Association. - Tho1 Hon. T. J, Byrnes hnd' Mr. Virgil Power will spend somo weoks in Now Zealand. Among other niomhors: of the bar who go to Maoriland ia Mr. M. E. Lllloy. , Mr. Jnstioo Real loft for Sidney on Tuesday to join Mrs.Tlonl nnd family in that city. Tiiey will spend tho Christmas vacation in tho Bluo Mountains, N.S.IV. ' The Hon. John Ferguson returned to Rook- hamptonhy tlio' Arnwatta oh Saturday last. He was accompanied by hiH daughter, Mrs. A. H. Chambers, nnd her infant. The Hon. A. S. and Mrs. Cowley entertained a small party at ton in the Speaker's rooms on Tuesday afternoon;- Tho guests- included sevoral of tho English cricketers. Mr. O'Donovun, O.M.G., left- Brisbane last night for-Sydnoy and Hobnrt. Ho will see two of liis daughters in Sydney, one of -whom- has lately returned from a long residence in Europe —two years in England and ono iii'Franco. Ho will soe a third daughter in Hohart. > Two of thoso young indies are nuns, the third is a pupil af tho Snore Cour at !Roso Bay. .Mr. J. R. Baxter Bruce will shortly tako up liis residence in Sydney. He loft by the Aramao to-day. ' , Mr. 'William Allan, M.L.A., has so far re covered from his recent severe illness as to arrange his plans. Ho wont to his residence on the Downs on Tuesday.. After a stay of about a month ho will probably go to New Zoiiland for somo weoks; " Mrs. G. J. Mason, Mr. hnd'Mrs. Feoz, Miss Hart, and1 Miss Roberts are ipassongors by tho Aramao, leaving to-day for tho south; Mr. and Mrs. Rylance are going to Grantham for Christmas. Mr. and Mrs. C. S. King, Roma Downs, travolled overland this weok to Sydney, where thoy purpose spending Ohristmas. .The Misses Crofton, Toowong, have gone to Snndgato for a few weoks. Miss Gailoy, Glenohve, is staying with thom for a-fow days. < Horo is an afternoon toitotto, simple, ologauti rich, in a word, ohio as only a French gown can bo. Tho skirt and. steoves aro of drab satin, the now lustrous satiu-faced cloth, and of a ru'ssot-holgo shade, which is also novel. Tlio Wriisfc and tho jabot facing on tho skirt are of a soft silk and wool moire oallod moire-mouillo, whioh promises to bo in groat favour. In tho dress illustrated this moiro is: ohangeublo from a. pate green-almond , shado to light olintiiyno, or ohostnut- brown. Tho cuirass corsugo has its fidlness drawn diagonally aoroBS tho front in tho becoming way seen on feoently imported gowns. The baok matohes tho front, and tho lrivisiblo fastening is on the left sido. An eoru batiste collar, out in largo vondykoB;' is otnhroidored in open designs. . The oravat bow is of monssotine do sole of the ecru tint of tho batiste codar. Around the nook is a oloso band of changeable velvet of tho same shiides seen in the soft moire of the coreago. A wide belt of similar velvet is ornamented with applications of whito guipure laco, in branching designs. Tlio skirt opons on tho loft on a panol of moire, and falls in jabot folds that suovr facings of moire. Mrs. D. L. Brown nnd family aro at Glen Alpin, Toowoombu, for tho Ohristmas holidays. Mrs. Dean -Diokey. gave another lurgo pro gressive enchro party at her now lionio, Doadytliean, Hamilton, on Tuesday. evening last, . which wan a great siiooesa. - Amongst thoso present wore Mr. and Mrs. IV. J. Walker, Mr. and Mrs.- G. Perry. Mr. and Mrs. O. Lilley, Miss Doim-Dlokey- (N.Z.), Captain and Miss Almond, Mr. and Mrs. Ryhmeo, and others. , ! . . Mr. and Mrs. Goorge Day returned to In- dooroopilly last weok from their visit to tho south. -(i - ""Miss Cameron and Miss Leila. Halloran, who havo been spohdiuga weok with Mrs. G. V. Helliear, at Ahbotslbigh, Cooiparoo, on route for To ivnsvillo,' louvo by Stoamor to- day-. ' Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart, Dookliampton, ; aro tho guests of Mr. Thomas Finiioy, at Sid ney Honso, Toowong. . Miss Alqxandor ' (Abhotsloigh, Coorpnroo) loft town this woolc for Bundnborg, whore: she will be the ghost of her qnni;, Mrs, F. Moody, ' Mr. Georgo Harding, oldost son of Mr. J ustico Harding, arrived from Nivo Downs this weok, und is staying at St. John's Wood. Mr. Rogiunld Hallornn' returned: to -.ilnisfoid this weok. He has spent his leave visiting relatives in. Melbourne, uhd Brisbane. Tlio annual oxodns has oommeneod. Among . thoso, vylio are migrating southwards are : . Mrs. Arthur Fonz andlier sister, Miss Hurt, who go to Katoombn, Now South Wulos ; Mrs. Frank Goortz nnd tho Misses Tully, who will visit thoir maternal relatives nt llydo, Now South Wales ; Miss Gilder and Miss Graoo Diokson, -who aro bound for Hohart, Miss F. Gildor spending tho holidays witli lierbi-othornt Now- enslle ; Mrs. Adolpli Fcoz and tlio Missos NowtonutGlon InneH, New England ; Mrs. G. J. Mason, who will spond tho vacation in Syduoy ; Mr. and Mrs. Hammond (Af tmi Downs), wlio go to visit Mr. and Mrs. Norman Arniitiigo at Toorak, Victoria ; Gaptaiu F. G, Hamilton, in . charge of tho Queensland Itillo Team, at .Holihi-t ; Mr. and Mrs. -Edwyn Lilley, who go .to .Now Zculund ; Miss Porsse, visiting Mm. Hancock nt Sydney; Mr. Godfrey Rivors, visiting Sydnoy ; Mr. Justice Chubb, Mrs. and Miss Cliubb, also nt Sydnoy ; aud tho Hon. H. Tozor und Mrs. Tozer, who leave by miifl train for IChteoinba, New South Wales, to-morrow; evening.' : Miss BCami : hpe retnrned.: . to Narqngba, ; North Piuo, from Tontorileld. Miss Shannon, of Llsarno, Herbort ' street, returned from the south by tiio Clntra yestor- day. " ' -Mr. W; Sowoll (Ashgrovo) has safoly arrived in -England.. , . The -Misses Hilda and Ettie. Roehrioht have lot their.cottago at Snndgato, and ; gono to the soiith, where thoy ." purpose spending a fow months. . - Tlio December number of 'Youiig 'Aus tralia ' contains " a portrait of : Miss Muriel Enlalio Bingham Sheridan, who all but headed the list of < 1,420 'successful candidates 'in . Euglisli at the last Sydnoy Univorsity junior examination,' for she- was rime. iieMttU to the English prize winner. Tills young ludy, who wus bora in West Maltlaud in 1878, is the datighter.of, Mr. Hqnry A. Sboridan, of tho Priory, Newton, Sydnoy, and granddaughter of an honoured Queensland oitlzon, , Colonel R. B! Sheridan,-' who may bo congratulated on the cleverness arid suooosapf liis gi'iinddttligbtor. Mr. Goorgo W. Muiiro,- with. -his bride (neo Schmidt), returnod last weolt from thoir honey moon tour in Sydnoy and 'the Blue Mountains! Tlioy aro.at present residing at Sftndgato, bnt intend returning to' town oh Tuesday, and spondiiig a week with the brldo Vaunt, Mrs. Bo-ook, before sottling down in their new homo. - Mrs. T. O'Snllivan nnd daughter, of BlytKe- dnio, aro at present spending holidays in Bris bane with, Mi-n; Hill. ;. Mrs. Dean-Dickey and her little son Cedric are going to spend their Christmas holidays with Mr. George B. Forrest, Mrs. Dean- Dickey's brother, at Childers; Miss Dean- Dickey (N.Z.) accompanies them. The marriage of -Miss Fitzgerald (Helen), eldost daughter of Mr. T. Fitzgorald, of Moon- gool station; Youlba, to Mr. M. H. Arohdall, of Yiu-rawonga, OburloviUe, was oolobrated in tho drawing-roomat Moongool on tho after noon of Monday last, tho Rev; Father Brady, of Roma, officiating. The bride;' who was given away by hor father, looked charming in a pretty aimplo gown of soft whito Indian silk, . made with slightly draped bodice, gigot sleeves, and oranire holt. Subsequent to the oeromony Mr. ana Mrs. Fitzgerald ontortainod a number of thoir frionds nt breakfast. Mr. and Mrs. Arohdall (who were tho recipients of a number of wedding gifts, inoluding several oheques) are spending their honeymoon at Oharleville. The Rev. J. S. Pollook, of tho Shorwood Presbyterian Ohuroh, was lost night visited by somo 30 or 40 members of his ohurqU' and congregation, who desired personally to con voy to him their good wishes for his welfare, at the Christmas season. Mr. Joseph Ewing, of Oholmer, in u hearty speech on behalf of tho congregation and others of the. district, presented tlio rev. gontlomah with a beautiful silver butter dish and a nnir of ohoste serviette rings. Mr. Pollook foolinglv responded, und after light rafreqhmonts had been partaken > of, tho company joined hnnds and sang tlio parting hymn, " God be with yon till we moet again." FabbionabiiE Woddino at Bo.ndabKko. . One of tho prettiest and- iriost /fashionable weddings of tho year in Bundaborg wit's cele brated at 1 o'olooic on Thursday, November 29, at tho residence of tho brido's parents, between Miss Olnru Emma ("Cherry") Jonos, oldest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.- Riohnrd Jonos, of Togogo Plantation, -and. Mr. Hugh Ban-on Frasor, of Wurrou, son of tho lftto Mr. Simon Fraser, of Brisbane. Tho ooroinony wus solemnised in the drawing-room by' tho Rov. G. D. Buolianan, pastor of tho "Wiokham tsrraoo Churoh, Brisbano. ' The room was suitably deooratod for tho occasion.' Imms- diutoly abovo the bridal party was hung a very offootivo floral wedding boll of while flowers. Thoro was a lurgo number of guests. Tho bride, who looked, vory pretty, and was given away by lior father, was attired in_ a lovely trained gown of tho riahost moire untiquo raye, hordorodround the foot with a rope work of satin. Tho gown woe nrranged with a long court train, whioh foil from tho shoulders, lined throughoutwith Liberty silkrichly quilted, finished braido with o rosette ruoho of lace, and ornamented with a horseshoe _ of orange bloflsoms. The bodice was made with a plain baok, the fronts draped, and the upper part trimmed with frills of costly Maltese looo, finished with a largo how of ribbons falling down from the bust to the edge of tho skirt on tho left sido. Tho balloon sleeves wore very .offootivo, andevon artistio. Thoy wore made 'tight-fitting from the wrist to tho elbow, and tho pointed wrists wore finished with raffles of tho samo rich laoo. ' An elaborately embroidered \--bridal veil and coronet of.orango blossoms com pleted this vory handsome bridal gown. ' The bride onrriod a' handsome shower bouquet of ohoioo blossoms, and wore a brooch, tho gift of the bridegroom. < Tho bride groom was attended by Mr. Scaloy nabest man, and Messrs., D. Hamilton, H. Fairoloth, Dr. Francis, and Master Jones, as groomsmon. There were sovon bridesmaids— Mioses Beatrice, Maud, and Florenco Jones, sisters of tho bride, with thoir younger sisters Vido, Gwendolyn, and Gladys, and. Miss M. Fraser, seoond bridesmaid, sister of tho bride groom. Tho oldor domoisellos wore charming gowns of oromo voilo, with full fronts, and oremo Honiton laoo yokes! The bodices wore arranged in empire bows of Liberty silk in front, brought ronna tho waist and orossod at the hack, ending at' the sido in streamors to.the odge of tho skirts. Tho littio bridesmaids wore pretty Kate Groonaway frooks of Indian lition, trimmed with real torchon laoo, white lrid shoes. Tho bridesmaids oaoli carried libuquots of lovoly blossoms and maidenhair, with streamors of butteroup and white ribbons. Thoy also wore sprays of yollow marguerites and maidenhair in thoir hair ; also handsome gold bnr brooohos ongravod with tho initials of tho bride nnd hridogroom (gifts of tho brido- groom). Mrs. Jonos, niotlior of the brido, wore blnok corded bongalino silk, hnviug a long pointed bodice, with oroiwovor fronts, ilnishod with eoquilling of rioh 'black guipure laoo, largo gigot sleeves with pleated opaulottes of. silk, pliiin collar with pleating of silk in-'frdut; long pointed biisquo gave a finished offeot. Mrs. Fraser, mothor of tho hridogrooni,' wore a blnok silk riiorvoilloiix, iirtistibully trimmod with riisli blnok appliqub luoe, Mrs. F. Nott wore a gownof oreiiio Liberty silkand pqintdeLeon loco. Mrs. Pile, Frontih gray surah, voilod in Spimisli laoo. Mid. "W. 0. Curtis, artistio combination of blnok and white, >Wth. (piniishingii of white moii'q voilod in reul blqok gtiipure. Mra. J . F. jjuyibs, offootivo. combination . of vioux rose, fanoy dosign, on liluok voilo ground:, tho bodibe with yoke front, of vioux rose moire, oovorod with, point do Irinndo. laoo ; tho draped skirt showed tin uiidorbbdiqq of nibiro ftnd laoo1 in hai-mony with bqdiob. Miaa Curtis, pretty gown of fanoy oerii Liberty oriiamentod witli a trimming of sovpohtitio point do Irhindo inser tion;- ' Mrs. M. Dilffy, lawn shot silk gown liiadb with deep pbintod biisquos, large piotnro slooyes and oiuiujottbspf Venetian laoo ; skirt plninj slightly trimmed witli ltiob. Tho Misses Nott, pretty frooks of hiiilBtono muslin oiror huttoreup, trimmod with Valonoiohncs laoo. Miss Pile, oan-do-nilliatisteahdoromeinsortian. Miss Fullbrtoh, blub oropon. Miss Gibson, . orqmo voilq! triupned with real giupuro iiiHor- tioh over Nile groen. Miss Franklin,- button; bup crliiklcd muslin. Miss . M. Jolmstoho, white gown and liibo. Miss Johnstone, htittor- oiip oripldod , muslin . and ompiro sush. -Mrs. Drinan; blnok surah contrasted with iinemoiib surah ' trimmings and laoo. .Mrs; Reynolds, ehbolc gown mmmbd with oiol hlno.' Mlw Walker, pink front and brqnis insertion. Mrs. Fred -Bn8Sj' gray honeycomb voilq, . rlohly trimmed with gray ottoman silk.- Miss Penny, tussore gown and pink orepo do bhino. Tlio brido's golng away dl-oss was of opalirib twbod contrasted with heliotrope shot silk. The sl'.irt L-indb - pluiii wcii' ornamented with fibs qf silk from tho' waist. Tho hodlbe had a plain biiok, full fronts; with corslet sides of - Silk wliioli mot a ' full , v03t ; .of nilk : in 1 a point', finished -.with- ornsh collar of Bilk, and butterfly bow. Largs Bedouin sleeves prettily draped, Tho biidoworo un Alpino hat trimmod with quills. Tlio trosseau inoluded a tiissoro gown trinimed with, green moiro, full fronts with two frills odgod with moiro round tho nook, falling cuquillos down tho sidas, nook finished squoro with full puffings af silk; waist finished -with draped empire hand aoross the front; largo pioturo sloovan finioliod witli frill at olbow, edged with mosagroen moiro. Even ing. dress of blnok silk mervdilloux, skirt trimmed with sequins and dropod with real Spanish laoe: "bodice out square with folds of Hilk and, draped with ltioo ; . largo pioturo slooves of, laqo-.' Of tho' two tea gowns, ono :was of pink -liber ty.silk, with smooked yoko elaborntoly trimmed with .Honiton lnoo .The other, of petunia silk oropon, trimmed with silk to matoh . Thb presents wore vory numerous nnd many ,of them wore substantial in value and riiaraoter, Mr. and Mrs, Riohnrd Jones ontortainod about 70 or!80 'gubsts at Togogo. .The wedding -breakfast ..was . served in a spacious lnarqube orootcd on. tho 'lawn, and deooratod with f orbs und foliago. Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Frasor left for To wahtla where they are spending the honey moon.. ; . - . _ ... LITTLE GIRL'S FROCK. 