DESTRUCTION OF GAME. Complaints of the wanton and reck- loss destruction of- game are being pub lished in each of the newspapers of the colony. The game laws sadly require amendment, and such-laws as we have require to be more strictly enforced by police and magistrates than would appear to bo the rule. Victoria cannot afford to have its game recklessly des troyed, for there is comparatively little of it loft, what with the swivel. guns of the professional shooters, the constant destruction going on at the bands of residents in country districts, and the indiscriminate slaughter wrought by town larrikins amongst the immature birds during the Christmas and New Year holidays. The Victorian Acclimatization Society should see that something is done to better conserve what game there is left, otherwise in another fifty years Victoria will be a place whore such a thing as a living creature ' that can be eaten or killed, and to which nobody can assort personal proprietary tights will be a rara avis indeed. The kangaroo is virtually extinct in Victoria; the emu is fast disappearing, and like the kangaroo has totally disappeared from districts where they were numerous less than twenty years ago. It is rapidly becoming the same iu connection with quail, the different species of wild duck, wild geese, native companions, black swan, plover os also wild turkeys. In some districts there and other swimming and wading birds, ns ate scarcely any of those to be seen now adays, and even the small black duck, which used to be found in summer in vast numbers wherever there was a swamp or a pool of water, is not to be seen as it was wont to be. As the colony has been settled in the back districts for very much less than half a century, it is not difficult to imagine the near approach of a time when the birds called game will , have totally disappeared off the face of the landscape. Owing to the lateness of the recent winter or for some other reason which a naturalist might explain, the young broods , of duck were this year later than usual in getting oq the wing. The consequence has been that when the open season commenced on the 21st lost., a pitiful • and tremendous havoc was wrought amongst the half-fledged and flightless birds. One country correspon dent writes, and what he describes has, we fear, been generally enacted during the present season A great number of sportsmen assembled here to open the season, but comparatively few full grown docks were shot, fully 30 per cent, of the total bag taken consisting of young ducks unable to fly. The only excuse I can imagine, for such an unsportsmanlike slaughter of ducklings is this: All the flocks of full grown ducks had evidently been a few days before frightened away, and only those left who were in charge of their young broods. The sports (?) finding it difficult to fill their bags with grown birds slaughtered without mercy all the young ones that could not swim out of their way;” Our Echuca correspondent's account of the cockney sportsmen going down the Murray on Boxing Day by one of the river excursion steamers and . from the deck shooting all the ducklings and mother ducks that they came across, leaving the dead nnd-wpunded to float away down the river is another case in point and which does not reflect creditably on the manliness or humanity of young Australia. Had there been a few - genuine sportsman on board the steamer in question, and had they seized the gups of the shooters and tossed them into the river they would have been, doing what was perfectly right Another corresponpent in the same locality — at Tatura — writes : — “ Sportsmen who are in the habit of visiting the neighboring swamps and water courses in quest of ducks and other game at this season of the year are laudly complaining of the .scarcity of spurt. They talk of forming a protection society and endeavoring to put a stop to the pot hunters and their illegal prac tises. If something is not .done duck shooting will, soon become a thing of the past in this once favored locality. There jano denying the fact that the Game Act has been violated for some weeks before the opening day.” We could continue these extracts at almost indefinite length. From nil the country districts where there is any game left at all, the tale is the same. Societies like the one sug gested at Tatura, .should be formed in every rural township of the colony, or at least iq eyeiy township in the neighbor hood . of rivers and swamps. . Public opinion nnd the power of the press should be directed more thanib is to the' preser vation. of the indigenous fauna of the country. In this connection q general remonstrance from the Australian Natives’ Association would not be without and the Customs department to which the administration of the game laws is en trusted should cause circulars to be directed to the . police enjoining strictest watchfulness 'against law breakers. But all this will be useless unless the close season for ducks and other birds whose breeding season approximates to theirs ia : extended bf at least a month, the , 21st January being substituted, for instance, ’for the. 21st December. Bettor still if there were regular grounds '•proclaimed in which/shooting should at of ;the'y&r;|be. sin ''.offend or if that were: hot considered practicable tljeq there should be promotion 1 all the year rouqd in alternate counties (or in portions of counms where - tW area of tUe large) in f cooj action; with jprQtectioJ^e the colopy , during the vhrejwing seaton. All ; true qaturalisfoi, tourists and lovere of wotjld be oqly too pleased vtore the Government to. introduce; 1 the Game Atot^s sufficitotly olattic for j the same qojeot to be securedbydepart-; ! mental ; ; -V ■ Epiipo/b hawk, Govern medt c * and pth et I terns; • morning. foqr$b and Notes, Company, 8 p.ra,; Lynch Family Bollr i ngora, 8 p.m.- •. GOLUif—For tho past' week about IOOO02 was sent ini Moat ,of the coinpanioH have! slopped ovyngto tbo holiday*, and so as tomako necessary repairs and overhaul their machinery, Tbo month closed with tbo splendid record of 18 dividends, making a total of £18,174 10b, This is excel lout and a good, augury lor tbo ■Future, ■ Death of Mr» Thos Draper.— Early on Saturday morning Mrs Draper, widow of tbo lato Mr Tho* Draper, an ox-mayor and coun* oilier ot the Borough of Bay wood, died at the residence of her adopted ■ daughter, Mrs John Wills, of the Union. Hotel, Hargreaves street For somo time past Mrs Draper bad boon suffering from weakness ot tbo heart and general, debility, but a' fortnight ego she folt 'well enough to undertake tbo 'journey from in Sydney to Bendigo to visit her friends bore, ■ On Christmas Day sbo was Suddenly taken ill; and), despite tbo attentions of Dr J. D. Boyd sbo did not regain strength. Bbo was 60 years ot ago and a native of Ulouoestsbire. In 1856 sho and bor husband arrived at Eaglohawk, but they soon after removed to Bay wood, .whore they settled down and so identified themselves with tbo .placo that it was thought they would never leave it as long as they lived. The corpse will bo taken to Melbourne on route for Sydney by the noon train to-day. Death of Mr H , R. Manning,— On Satur day evening Mr Henry R. Manning, the well' known caretaker Of the Central State school, died after a comparatively short illness. Ho camo out to the colony in the early days and was connected in mining ventures in Ballarat for a number of years, being associated with tbo late .Lieutenant Colonel Smith and other prominent Ballarat citizens. Bo was ut first very successful but subsequent unfortunate speculations induced him .to remove to Boo. digb. Ho arrived boro early in tbo “ seven* ties" 'and somo time afterwards was appointed caretaker of 1 the Central school which'position bo hold until bis death. Ho was one of tbc first members of tbo local 'Salvation Army corps, though bo still retained bis connection with the Forest Street Wesleyan Sunday school as a teacher, In that capacity ho was greatly beloved and respected by the members of tbo school and a memorial service will be held in tbo schoolroom next Sunday afternoon. The. funeral takes placo tbis afternoon at 4 o'clock.' LANp in Babnakd street. —On Saturday Mosers R, O’Nbill and . Co. submitted for public auction an allotment of land in . Bar* nard street, opposite tbo Upper Reserve. Tbo allotment bos an area of about ono rood, with a frontage of 60ft fo Barnard street by a depth of 166ft to Barnard Lane, with two, cottages and a bootmaker’s shop built on tbe land. Tbo bidding was fairly brisk, and tbo property was eventually bought by Mr. Smith, of Btratbfioldsayo, at £201. The Qourlay Comedy Company. —This bilarous comedy continues to attract laughing crowds at each performance. On Saturday afternoon a motineo performance of “Skipped" was given for ladios and children. A good number of children were present, and judg ing by their boarty laughter the adventures ot Messrs Dingle'and Crackle with bulldog, policeman, etc., scorned to tickle tbo juvenile mind immensely. There was again a fair muster at the performance in the evening, when everything passed off well, and the singing and dancing of tbo company wore re ceived with every mark of approval. To-night tbo last performance of “Skipped” will bo given, and as no doubt there ie a largo Dam* her of people in the city who could enjoy two or throe hours’ of boarty laughter there will no doubt bo a bumper bouse. On Tuesday night a Now Year’s.bill of novelties will bo presented. It will include comedy, farce, burlesque and pantomime—a variety bill-, of sentimental, operatic and comic songs ; dances of all nations, .including clog,sand, buck.lling and plantation ; imitations of popular actors; Miss Mario. Bister in operatic selections and John Gour lay in his serio-comic sketch, “Alice Again,” assuming five distinct characters, representing tbo drama, minstrelsy and ballet and as clown in the Prenob pantomime. After this ono tho tbo most excruciatingly fanny eccentricities known as “ Living .Models” will bo given, in which the fun is fast and furious, besides plenty of music, song and dancing. Sunday Concert at the Masonic Hall. —Last evening, at the Masonic Hall, a ,sacred, concert was given by the Lynch' Family of Bellringers. Tbo hall.was crowded to excess long before the advertised time of 7 storting,, and an assistant bad to bp placed on the stairway to notify the.people who kept crowd ing up that there , was no more room. Admittance was by collection . at tbo door, the gathering in of which seemed to bo un< attended with any. trouble. The perfor .manne .was one. peculiarly adapted for a Sunday evening. The sacred selections on the “glaasophpno” Wo admirable,- and-tbo sounds drawn from tbo glasses were so siVcot, .and so like an organ in some of its notes, that people could well imagine themselves to be in oburob. The Lynch Family. Bellringers.—A now programme was submitted at the Masonic Hall on Saturday evening, and it was equal in every respect to tho one which was successfully run for the first portion of tho season." Tho ‘ boll quartettes wore very well received. They comprised “Silver Lake Vnrsoviana," ; “Sweet Chiming Bolls” and “The UarsoIIatac.” For their glassophono performance the gifted trio .wero heartily applauded and encored twice. Mr W, A. Boyle and Mr; A. E. Kirby each sang a couple of ballads ,in good voice, and together rea i.dered Wallace’s beautiful duet “Sainted Mother” with expression. In sepulchral tones Mr Will Watkins sang that be was “The Ghost of Benjamin Binns,” and secured an encore. Tbo versatile Mr E. F, -Ford was greatly in evidence. His humorous facial changes caused roars of laughter, and the andionco demanded encores after every item. Tho mobility of bis face is somofbing wonder ful. He can almost shift one car round to the other, or move his mouth round lo tbo side of his head. A couple of humorous duels, in. which Messrs W. W. and R, R. Lynch and Will Watkins look part; added to the amuse ment, and. tbo clock bells by Mr W. W. Lyndb completed an excellent evening’s oh terlninmont The same programme will bo given Ibis evening. Insulting Words. —A man named Edward Evans was arrested on ..Saturday night by. Senior- constable Forrcst&l; on a charge of using insulting words. Destruction op. a State School.— About 3 o’clock on Friday morning (writes. .our ,Toolloon correspondent) tho Gampospo East State school was burned lo the ground. Mr P. J. Cooney'(tho bead teacher) is at present away on bis holidays, but Mrs Cooney was in tho dwelling bouso attached to tbo sohqol, which was also burnt. Mrs Cooney and the children escaped unburL . Bendiqo Art GAllbry.— The number of visitors last week was 4195, including 326 yesterday. The Congregational Annual Picnic to Ravenswbod - takes place to-morrow. A special loaves Bendigo at 9.15 a.m., and re turns at 6.50 p.tn. ' Return fores are adver tised in nnolbor column, The secretary has rondo arrangements with tbo railway authori ties for a limited, number to travel to Ravens wood by. the ordinary noon train, and return by the picnic train. Those wishing to do so must get their . tickets .endorsed by the stationmoster. . “The Review of Reviews” for December is to hand, and is an improvouxfht on recent | numbers; the,contents being more varied and less space in tho Australian edition being given fo politics and politicians. Tbo English edition contains a very readable review of Mnx.O'Rell on Australia. A- Plucky Woman.—A .runaway pair of horses was stopped at Ballarat by a' young lady gained , Miss Box; who dashed in, and oatqbing on?.horse by the {bead hung on till abe/palledVvtbo tpam up._ She ..was . warmly praised for. her pluck, - > . "The sheriff will sell on Friday, January 11, the farm and effects of Mr B. T. Kennedy, of Whom-. Jwol West, Particulars are advertised, i , We have received from the London and Lanca shire Kro Insurance Go.,-per the local agent, Mr. W; ,G. Grimley, a' neat handy calendar for 1895-8. Tho capital of the company is £2,127,500. 