A HAUNTED HOUSE. ; HENBY THE EIGHTH'S WIVES. . ':- Mb, Henry Lucy, in his latest Loadon letter, writes :— Hampton Court, builb by Cardinal Wolsey, with its red biick front tenderly toned by time, and its old- world garden, is one oi the most brautiful things within easy access of London. It has now taken on a new charm, for it is said to be haunted, Housemaids going about their ordinary vocations have ' seen things,' and elderly ladies whose widowhood has been soothed by free quarters in .the old palace are sajiag that,' cherished as is the privilege, they will be obliged to relinquish it and live in a humbler abode, wnere EpooKs ceaee irom Erouonng ana earner tenants are at reBt. Ic is no new story this, about ghosto at Hampton Court. It is recur ring at intervals, going back to Stuart times. A dozen yearo ago there was a soare in tbe place, arising from the fact tbat two of the most repu« table ladies having suites of roomo ia £he Palace had oeen and heard a visitant whom by her dreBS end partly-concealed fa^o they recognised from a portrait; as Catheiine Howard, one o£ Henry VJII.'s wives, who for a while before she lost her head was lodged at Hampton Court. When fcen on two Geveral occasions by fchose ladie© Queen Catherine was standing by the great staircase wringing bei handa and piteoualy sobbing. A more familiar ghost ac Hampton is that of another of King Henry a wivep, Jane Seymour Tbere is a story revived just now at Hampt 'n Court, and eagerly told in circles on visiting termo with the denizene, which lacbs nothing in picturesque detail. Tvvouty years ago tbere was heaid in tho prince the sound o£ a spinning-wheel, No spinning- wheel woe in view and in toe partioultir quarter ivhere, night after night-, the unmi&tikeable; sound was beard, there wan no ohamber that mighc contain one. The noise ?eomed to come from behind a dm-d v/oll, So peisistent were the assertions anent this mysterious noice, that authority was ob tained for piercing the wall, which it ivi!6 found bricked up a Bumll room, in whioh stood a spinning-wheel. Old plans of the building showed that thin hitherto-unsuspected room hnd been the private apartment of Qu- en Jane. I tell this ns it i-i gravely told me. but Btrongly sueppct that the recrudescence of the gboBt scxre hos nomething to do r/iih the ruthleBS Motion oi the First Commiesioner of Works. Though tho greato?: part oi; the old paloce i* allotted to tno ubo of v/idov.-s of more or less eminent inen ^/'io iind vnvour in tbe oyes of tin Queeu, tho ordinary public are still privileged, »»t Btatud hcurB, to paas through the picture gal lery and loiter in the garden. 