AMUSEMENTS. The first of the Bentley-Webster concerts will be given under the patronage of his Ex-<*> cellency the Lieutenant-Governor in the Town Hall this evening, when Mr. Walter Bentley will appear in a new role. His recitals will in clude Mark Twain's amusing reminiscences of "European guides," Burns's "Tarn O'Shanter," and Hood's tragic poem "The dream of Eugene Aram," while he will also ap pear with Mi?s Mary Bancroft in the humorous ?ketch "Is Marriapp H Failure." Miss babel Webster will sing "Killarney," "Sweet spirit hear my prayer," and a vocal waltz; while Mr. B. Nitscbke will contribute the ."Creole love «mir,"' "A world between," and "The message," and with Miss Webrter .the duet " When the wind blows in from the sea." Mr. A. Duncan's songs will be " Dtd'st tfaou but love roe" and "The last watch," and with Buch an attractive programme a croaded house is confidently anticipated. Mr, J. H. Lyone'e Australian drama, "The Squatter's Pardon," was presented for thb last time at tbe Bijou Theatre on Saturdayeveninp, There was a crowded attendance and Mr. Walter Bentley, 3Hr. J. H. Lyons, and th« members of the Garrick Dramatio Club met with hearty appreoiation at the hands ;of |,he .audienoa The short season has been a highly euccasslul one, and Mr: Lyons is to be con gratulated upon the result of his labors. Mr. T. P. Hudson, through his representa tive, Mr. Lewis Mills, has arranged with the Garrick Dramatio Club to give three per formances at the Bijou Theatre- on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights. - A change of programme will be given eaoh evening, and as many country people will be in town during the show days good attendances should greet the amateurs. _ Saturday's attendances at the various ses sions of the CycJorama of the Battle of Water loo were again large, and tbe anticipations of the visitors were thoroughly realised. The beautiful and spirited picture of the battlefield, together with the additional attractions of Napoleon's ghost and tbe enchanted fountains, met with loud applause, Mr. Lockley'e lecture and the illustrative muaio greatly pleasinr all present. On Sunday the steamtuft Eleanor took a large number of persons on a marine ex cursion to Port Vincent. Fine weather pre vailed and the trip proved enjoyable. 