Spooks. The subject of Spooks has lately attracted so niuch attention that we have great pleasure in printing a letter relating thereto which we have received from some person who has evidently devoted himself to the study of trans cendental phenomena to the neglect , of tihe minor courtesies of life. . The letter is in reference to a paragraph which appeared in our columns, on the nineteenth instant recapitulating the misadventures of certain famous Sir,— Permit me, in common justice, to make a few comments upon a paragraph appearing in your issue of the 19th inst., referring to the recent alleged expose at a a materialising seance. With that I do s not offer any opinion ; it may or may not be proved a f rand. Yon say in your para graph, that 'it is well to remember that the Fox sisters, the founders of the rapping- school, confessed in . their later years that their art was merely a special skill in cracking their toes; that Home claimed to float in the air, was prose cuted, exposed, and died in poverty; that the Davenport brothers were exposed at Liverpool ; that Dr. Slade, the slate writer, , was exposed in London and prosecuted at Bow-street.' I will hot assume that the writer indites with malice~or is blinded by prejudice, for on the face of it ignorance , of the whole facts plainly appears. . The . phenomena that occurred through the Fox .sisters is too well attested to be refuted by the mere assertion that it was all produced by 'cracking their toes ;' and ..the ignorance .transparent in the,para ' graph; is shown by the statement, or the inference, that the phenomena resolves it \ self into 'rapping.' This., is the usual ? vulgar deduction.. The waiter presumes to contradict the testimony of Dr. J. F. Gray, 'Benjamin Coleman, of London, Mr. Liver more, a prominent merchant and banker ?; of New York, Judge Edmonds, and dozens of others— testimony to be found, if looked ? ! ? iCor, to the fact not only '? rapping,'! but , movements of heavy ponderable bodies with and withont contact. and' other phy ? ? meal' effects up to materialisation of ap parently human forms, was especially ? demonstrated through, Eate , JTox. Qne or botti pistera entered !^-3atholicChttrdi. -; t After 'jl^-.iaaio^.^--ieaa^A-^ih»lga^aBe ; ness ; pf the .manifestations; tOMmately before death one, or both, lam-not sure i -which now, recanted that denial and died ? asserting its genuineness. Anyway the .testimony, is too Btrong to t-e explained away as all fraud in their case. Home, the celebrated medium, never 'claimed 'to be* ? able to float through ^ihe *drM — he] [ may have been prosecuted, as most of the fcest mediums -Jiave-r-he certainly '- '?; was not exposed, nor did he die in poverty. ¥? jf the writer /will, ,.step ©ut. of his .'- eelf ?sufficiency and read Home's life and his works' and the evidence of those who experimented with him, e,g., Crooke,. Wallace, Dr. Lewiis, Bobert Sell, Tarley, Lord Adare, Thackeray, and again dozens of others, he will find that he, if not groEsly ignorant,, is nearly ontiie edge of a suppressio yeri. Home was^. pure-living, high-mindeo. good man, and the genuine ness of the phenomena -appearing through him is attested from kings and queens, through scientific committees, down to, well, as humble as you like. It can simply be adduced in overwhelming' quan tity if wanted. The Davenport brothers, when little boys, and physically utterly unable to perform the feats testified to as occurring1 in their- presence by Professor Loomis, Dr. i. P. Gray, Dr. Wilson, Pro fessor Maper, and again I say dozens of other level-headed sceptical investigators who can . be cited if wanted, all of whom have asserted the absolute genuineness of the phenomena, may have resorted to fraud in their later years to supplement their failing powers or for gain; probably they did. I have' not followed their career to know myself. The medium Dr. Slade was prosecuted by Dr. Lankester at Bow-street, bnt was not 'exposed' that I have read. Anyway, if he was it won't affect the fact that astounding phenomexa' were produced through his mediumship. He went to Europe and proved to demonstration to Professor Zollner (let your writer read Zoilner's 'Transcendental Physics,' and then — well, make more statements), Schriebner, Feehtner, Weber, and I- think Aksakoff, but it matters not — sceptics all of them. He demonstrated the fact of passing ' matter through matter,' as it is called ; the movement of heavy bodies 'without ccntact ; tying knots in an endless cord; and independent writing. He was a genuine medium, but perhaps may have, like many another, stooped to fraud to supple ment failing or exhausted powers or for gdya. It is of no use your writer calling attention to these mediums — there are hundreds, nay thousands, of mediums in all walks of life — the difficulty is to find the true and -erenuine one. and to be able to discriminate truth from fraud. Any result that may arise from the present alleged expose1 cannot fail in doing good, inasmuch as it may and will cause interest and inquiry into matters that are receiving the recogni tion of scientific men and committees all over the world. Magna veritas est. — 1 am. sir, yours, &c.;, Alfebd €L Edwabds. Gladys House, Tarranabee-road, Darling Point, October 20, 1894. P.S. — The 'levitation' of Home's body was proved, and is only one of many absolutely attested marvellous cognate phenomena. — A.G-.E. Mr. AxmiED G. Edwabds possibly thrnkH he has occult sources of in formation which place Tirm bo far- above ordinary humanity that he is -warranted in adopting a tone which, in an uninspired person, would savor of extreme caddisimess. He admits that there was a confession by the Fox sisters ; he is not sure that both re canted. As to tiie loud double raps of the sisters, Professors Flint, Lee, and Coventry, of Buffalo, explained them (in 1851) as produced by rapidly dislocating and restoring the knee and other joints. Upon being challenged by a Mrs. '? Fish, they (the professors in ques tion) tried some experiments with her and Mabgajjetta Fox which strongly supported their view. This statement is from an article in the ' Encyclopaedia Britannica,' by Mrs. Henby Sidgytcck, Cambridge. Here are some extracts from Haydn's ' Dic tionary of Dates' concerning Mr.' Edwabds's other heroes: The impos tures of the Davenport brothers ex posedinl865. . . Dr. Henby Slade, a meaium, ana Ixeoffbey Simmons, nis assistant, charged at Bow-street by Professor E. Ray Lankesteb and others with ' unlawfully using certain subtle and crafty means and devices to deceive ;' dealt with under Vagrant Act 5 2, 10, 20 October ; Simmons dis charged, Slade: sentenced to three months' imprisonment with- hard labor, 31 October, 1876 ; appeal to sessions ; sentence quashed for technical error, 29 January, 1877. . . Lyon v. Home (the pure living, high minded, good medium). The plaintiff:, a widow, sought to recover £60,000 stock given to Home at the alleged command of her deceased husband's spirit, between October, 1866, and February, 1867 ; suit instituted 15 January, 1867 ; trial 21 April to 1 May, 1868 ; verdict given . for plaintiff by the Vice Chancellor, Sir G. M. Geffabd 22 May. The judge, in con cluding, said, regarding spiritualism, that «? the system, as presented by the evidence, is mischievous nonsense ; well calculated on the one ,hand to delude the vain, .-- the weak, the foolish, and the superstitious, and on the other . to assist the projects of the needy adventurer.' Home never got over hie 'Transcen- dental Physics' in levitating that £60,000 — that was his greatest work. . He died in very poor circumstances ? in a suburb of Paris a few years ago. - Criminal court records axe a great deal more instructive than Zollnbb concerning these ?worthies. If Mr. ATjnam G, Edwards had had the Advantage, as had the. writer of the paragraph of which he complains, of seeing Dr. Slade cutting a very poor figure in the dock at*Bow-Btreet,^Mr. Edwakds would be more chary ©f: making an offensive ass of himself in defence of a convicted rogue. In case the classi fication given by. Sir jG- M. Gjffamd, of Hie ^sbrfcs ©f ,- persons 'liable to be deluded by epiritualisni should not be comprehensive r enough to enable Mr. Edwaeds to diagnose the mental condition of: his fellow adepts, we will give Iiimjfiie benefit of a, -taxSxer extract from the vmtangs of Mrs. Sidqwick ' - 'Spiritualism has been accused* of !a strong %aadency to produce ineanity 5 the -tiiarge, how ever, seems to IwfMV^w^jttaiii . ? 4 .?-?'?? a mistaken 'Inference from the fact that the delusions ? of the insane not Tinfrequently take the form of sup posed converse with invisible beings. It is, however, probable that the spiritualistic theories -o£ possession and obsession sometimes injure persons with incipient insane impulse^ by weakening their sense of responsibility for these and their efforts to control them.' But enough of our critic. The world will always produce in plenty the sort of man who is well posted in the names of books and in tags from the Latin grammar, and who, upon the strength of these accomplishments, assumes conceited airs and makes .himself a nuisance to newspaper editors. There is no dealing with this type of humanity by law; it must be suffered. But what about those who make dupes of people of weak brain ? Is there not a Vagrancy Act here as well as in England ? Should it not be put in force against ghost raisers and similar humbugs P Why: should Sydney bear the reproach of being the happy hunting ground for every species of charlatan ? 'What are the Crown law-officers about ? Scien tific investigation of curious pheno mena, and there may be curious phenomena, should not be interfered with. But there is a distinction between scientific investigation and sounding for gain the credulity of fools. 