WAS IT A GHOST THEY SAW ? : M:I H. H. JEan 'mn lives at No. 211, Main' Street,?Bridgeport, and Miss- Minnie Parrot boards with her. The house is: an 'old one, but in good order. One night early in December (19j1) the two women locked all the doors ana went to thle theatre,'leaving not.a soulin'the house. iThey: left the gas. liiuring, however, in the front parlour.: At about half- past eleven thely returned, and entered:.the house laughing and talking. Butas they went into the parlour the. merry hunimur died out of them in a second. Iight5in the middle' of. the room stood a dark man ofgigatitic statue. The upper part of his face'wos concealed by a mask, 'his eyes gleaming through the eyeholesin it. His shirt-sle'ves were rolled tip, and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol: The women fled screaming from the room, and-when Mr Jennings came in five minutes. later he found inoone in the parlour and all the'doors'- and wi.dows 'securely loked. What was it the women sawi? "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly'for seveial successive nights. 'On:thb fourth of these nights about two" o'elock,'.I was suddenly aroused from a doze by ?ihac seemefllikethe calling of my niame; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of nimy mother just as she looked five years liefore, as she was leaving home to go on a: journey, on which journey she was killed in a rail way disaster. I screamedand fainted. ' I sas, foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and'I would never get well. Yet I did,-ani amein perfect health now. I believe tlata.vision ca?e in my w'ieak? erves, for:I'Pe neveriseesn it since, and it's more than three yeai~ ago now." No doubt it wms the nerves. Why, there's' no end to the tricks the nerves will play off on you when your system is out of condition. In March, 1890, it was, that Mrs 'Jane Foster, of Darracott Road, Pokesdown; Hants;. wrote us 'as follows':--" I .as so dreodifulfy nerrows I could - not bear anyone' in the room with me, yet. I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. '"This was in June 1889. I slept very badly, and in the morning a little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow, and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead. By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that o? my stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. TIUn meimory completelyfailed. My head ached so dread fully.I:thought I-snoild lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. "I had given up all hope, when one day 'Mrs West, of Bournemouth, called and asked what I was taking. She told in she o was herself once just as badly off, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seeored'to have so much faith in this medicine, I tried it,'rid in three days I was able to walk across'the room, and by the end of the week I went downstairs. Now I am as well as ever. ' I can eat and digest my food, and all my nervousness has left me." The malady Mrs Foster suffered from was indigestibn .and dyspepsia and nervous prostratiun.'The original cause was grief and shock m tlid violent death of her Iusbanid, by accilent, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. WhateiSi may be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds inean nothing miore or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. 