GOD'S MINISTER SORROW. [By Dr. Lyman Abbott.] For the earnest expectation of tbe creation waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creation was made subject to decay, not wantonly, but by reason of Him who hath subjected the eame in hope ; that the creation itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the liberty of fchfi clnrv of th« filiilrlr^n of ftod.' — CRnm. viii 19-21.) I have modified the wording of tbe text from that both of the [King James and revised versions, in order to make it conform more closely to the original meaning as I con ceive it to be. It is impossible to read with any attentive care the Epistles of Panl without being im pressed by the spirit with which be meets sorrow. And you must remember that Paul was not a poet, sitting in his etudy surrounded by friends and luxuries, and poetising about other people's sorrows ; he was not a philoso pher in bis library writing the philoeophy of other people's griefs. Let me turn to his, own biography — 'Of the Jews five times received I forty stripes save one. Thrice was I beaten with rods, once was I stoned, thrice I suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep ; in jour neyings often, in perils of waters, in perils of robbers, in perils by own countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in perils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, in perils in the sea, in perils among false brethren; in weariness and painfuinese, in watch ings often, in hunger and thirst, in fastings often, in cold and nakedness. Be sides those things that are without, that which cometh upon me daily, the care of all the churches.' Paul knew what sorrow was. Probably there is not a person in this congre gation whose life bas had in it more trouble crowded into thirty years than Paul had crowded into his thirty years. Now, if you read with any care or attention Paul's Epistles, you must be struck, if not inspired, by tbe spirit with which he met trouble. Nowhere a note of repining ; nowhere an inclination to escape or avoid sorrow. Sometimes he meets it with a note of defiance, as in the fifteenth of First Corinthians — 'O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory?' Sometimes he meets it with calm quiet as surance and confidence — 'Neither life, nor death, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor any other creation, can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.' Some times he meets it with rejoicing ; sorrow knocks at his door, and he nines the door open, saying — 'Come, I have been looking tor you. I am glad to welcome you; I rejoice in you.' ' We glory therefore in tribulations, knowing that tribulation worketh patience, and patieuce experience, and experience hope, and hope maketii not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us.''' Some times he goes out seeking for sorrow, following after that he may overtake it, crying, ' I have suffered the loss of all things that I may know Christ, and the power of His resurrec tion, and the fellowship of His sufferings, b9ing made conformable to his death.' Now in our text Paul gives the philosophy which underlies this experience — ' The earnest expectation of the creation waiting for the manifestation of tha Bone of God.' For creation was made subject to vanity — that is, to tran sitoriness, to that whioh is the secret of almost all our Borrow, to the passing away of that which is dear to us, .whether it be fame, or wealth, or friendship, or love, or whatever it is. God bas made, he eays, creation subject to this transitoriness of life; not wantonly, not in a spirit of wilfuiness, but in that by this v.ery process of transitoriness the creation shall be redeemed, delivered from this bondage of corruption into the liberty of the glory of the children of Gcd. He Btarts where Job started, bat be does not stop where Job stopped. Alan is born to trouble, as tbe sparks fly upward. As natural as it is for a spark to fly up from the tire, so natural is it for man to know sorrow. It can not be evaded ; it cannot be escaped. We are not to meet grief under the impression that we are put into this life to be happy, and every time that sorrow comes, it comes as an intruder. We are continually imagining that the goodness of God means happiness for His creatures ; and that therefore, if un happinefls comes, either it means that there is not a good God, or else that that God has been set aside by the laws of nature, by some evil epirii in man or without him. No, says Job, we are born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward. So Paul says the creation was made subject to tranaitoriness. That is the divine plan. Sorrow is iuterwoveu into the fabric of life ; God meanB tears. These tears are for a divine purpose. But they are not the ex pression of His wrath ; they are not the special messengers of a divine indignation ; He does nob pick you oat and Bend a burden upon you for & specific purpose. No, He puts humanity into a world of sorrow, because sorrow is the method by which character is to be developed. We are in the world in order that out of the piocesseB to which we are sub jected, including- pain, the manifestation of tbe sons of God may be wrought. We are in the world that out of a lower order we may be brought up, step by step, into the liberty -of the glory of the children of God ; and the only steps by which the liberty of that glory can be won are steps of sorrow. Grinf is God's educator. Trouble is God's minister to man hood. Thereforejt is that Paul, looking for sorrow and upon death sometimes as though it were an enemy, says, I am not afraid of him ; and sometimes says, Yon cannot eeparate me from love of God, I hold fast to that ; and sometimes says, Come in, I welcome you, I am glad that you have come, because you are going to render me real service ; and some times opens the door and goes out to sorrow and save, Come, I Jwant you. I follow after, if that I may be conformed unto the death of Christ and may have participation in His Buffering. It is because this black-hued angel carries in bis hand a gift that Paul wants — the gift of a divine manhood. In the first place, tben, suffering is a great teacher. We learn our best lemons in the school of suffering. We learn what truth is by suffering from error. We learn what holi ness is by suffering from sin. And we especially learn tbe one great lesson of obedience. God does not pick out men and women and Bend them specific suffer ings as tbe token of His special wrath or indignation ; but He teaches, and he helps us to teach others ; He builds us np, and He helps us to build up others, through the ministry of pain. We are all in a great forest; and the Christ calls to us, Follow Me ; and we say, we do not like the look of that path ; it does not look very prac ticable ; we will try this way, to the right ; and Christ says, very well, try the other way ; and we try it, and we get in among the briers and brambles, and are wounded and bleeding, and come back again ; and there stands the patient figure of Jesas, and be calls again. Follow Me ; and again we say, that looks as if it were a pretty steep hill — we will try this way, to the left ; and Christ says, Very well, try it ; and pretty soon we Ret into the bog tip to our knees ; and we come back ones more, and there still stands the patient figure, saying, Follow me. So by trouble we learn the way of righteousness — that is, the way of obedience. Could not God teaoh us these things without suffering ? Could not He tell us ? Has not He told us ? How many years ago did He tell men, Thou shaltj not steal ? and in spite of all the penalty sent upon the human race because of dishonesty still in the nineteenth century men do not know that honesty is the only path to prosperity. How many years ago did Hesay to men, Thou ehalt not commit adultery ? and through all these centuries, in spite of %he penalties, still men have not yeb learned that chastity is the condition of love and unchastity strangles love and buries it. No, you cannot teaoh people by telling them. How we fathers and mothers try to do it. How we trv to hand over our experiences to our children that they may know from us what we have learned through pain. But they have to go to the same school and learn the lessons where we learned them. The ferule hangs in God's schoolroom, and there is no scholar who learns his lesson without it. But it is not only the lessons of life, and it is not only this one great lesson of obedience in life that God' teaohea through tht ministry ot suffering. The development of suffering can not be save through pain and trouble. ' Be sides this, giving all diligence, add to your faith courage, and to courage knowledge, and to knowledge self-control, *nd to self-control patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness love.' How will you do that sum in addition? How will you add to your faith courage? There U only one way — by opposing danger. There is no conceivable way by which^a man can acquire courage except by meeting and overcoming fear, for courage is the con quering of fear by a higher motive. He can not conquer fear unless the fear is present; and fear is disagreeable. How will you add to courage patience? Look at the Greek word ; you will find that it means ' remaining under.' There is only one way by which you can learn patience. It is by shouldering the burden and carrying it patiently. You cannot learn patieuce from a preacher in the pulpit — unless be preaches a long or a dull sermon on a warm day ; and then you are carrying a burden ! There is no way by which you can learn to bear a burden except by bearing it. It is the standing straight with the burden on the shoulder that makes one straight — as the German women put the load upon their heads and then have to walk erect — £ wish some schoolgirls could be taught like the German woman for a little while. How are you to get self-control? Only by putting the lower nature under the higher one. and that is not a' pleasant operation to the lower nature. Self control is compelling the lower to serve the higher, and the lower does not like to be compelled to serve the higher. Only trouble will accomplish the gift of self-control. God liness — one cannot be wafted into godli ness ; one cannot be sung into godliness ; one cannot be rocked and cradled into godliness. Do you want to know who God is? Open your Bible and read some of the names by whioh He is called : ' Comforter.' Can you know what that means until you havo known sorrow aud God has come to comfort you in your sorrow 1 ' Guide.' Can you know what that means until you have been so distraught by perplexity that you can no longer see your path for yourself, and look to Him for guidance ? ' Redeemer.' Can you tell what that means until you have felt the chains upon your wrists, and He has come and set you free? 'Saviour.' Can you know what that means until you have felt the burden of a past sin in your own heart, and found out what salvation means by an experience of deliverance from that burden? No! there is no way in which character caa be developed except through tbe experience of sorrow. We grow into heroism by facing danger ; we grow into self-controL by mastering the lower nature; we grow into patience by bearing burdens; we grow into god liness by learning the operations of God's nature, themselves born of suffering in God ; we grow into brotherly kindness by entering through our sympathy into all human ex perience, and weeping with those that weep, as well as rejoicing with tbose that rejoice ; and we learn love only when we have learned the meaning of self-sacrifice, for no one knowB how to love who has not known how to sacrifice self for love's sake. Nor can we take any part in the world's redemption except) through the ministry of suffering. 'For it became Him, for Whom are all things, and by Whom are all things, in bringing many eons unto glory, to make the captain of tneir salvation perfect t a rough sufferings.' Christ himself could not be made perfect as a captain of salvatiou except; through suffering ; and if you and I want to have any share in lifting sin off other men, any share in alleviating their wretchedness, any share in delivering tbem from the bondage of corruption, it is possible only through our entering into their suttoring and sharing that suffering with them. Some of you remember how, in the earlier stages of the civil war, a committee of Con gressmen known as the coininictee on the war undertook to sit in Washington aud to keep the armies in the field, and some of you will remember what work was made until we got a captain who was in the field where the battle was. When we put him there then, and only then, had we victory. Do you remember how, when our Lord came back from Perea to the house of Mary and Martha, fii-st Martha and then Mary came, saying : ' If Thou hadst been here my brother had not died?' How many funerals I have attended, aud met that horrible 'if!' If 1 had done chin thing, if I had done the other thing, if I had been a little wiaur, if I had called the doctor a little sooner, if a different doctor had come, if the treatment bad been something other my brother had not died. O tortured soul, there ia no 'ii' with God. God knows life and understands it. Your very blunders He takes into His hands and sanctifies, and makes them serve tbe ministry of His love. Or perhaps you are tortured by enemies ; perhaps malice has followed you ; perhaps enemies have hounded you, and you have eaid, This does not come from God : it has come from men ; I know who sent it. Have you forgotten '' Have you read your Scripture go Bupeificiaily ? Pilate and Caiaphas and Judas combined to slay the Christ. The treachery of one, the self-seeking of the other, the cowardice of the third mixed the cup ; but when it was presented in Geohse mane do you remember what Christ said : ' The cup which My Father giveth, shall I not drink of it ? ' Ob, if we could but for a moment sweep away that curtain. If we could but for a moment listen and bear the songB of those who, a little while ago, were working and struggling at our side, now singing, blessing, and Honor, and power, and glory be unto the Lamb. If we oould but) for a moment tear this veil from our eyes and see those who are clad in white raiment. But we cannot. Still, we need not wait for that. Through our faith in God, our faith in immortality, our faith in life as God's ordaining, we even here and now may cry with Paul, 'O death, where is thy sting? O grave, where is thy victory 1' We, like Paul, may call our troubles our friends, making tbem more than conquerors. When the dark visage of sorrow knocks at our door, we, too, may fling the door wide open, saying, 'Come in, thou blessed of the Lord ;' and if he knocks not we will even go out wish Paul and cry to sorrow, 'Come back to us, and let ua also have some share in the sufferings of our Lord, that we may have the power of His resurrection. 