CURRENT QUESTIONS. THE PULPIT AND POLITICS. Is it right to deal with party politics in the pulpit on a Sabbath afternoon ? There is no question agitating the public mind more than Land Reform, and to preach on that question is to introduce party politics into the pulpit, to say nothing of the many coloured miasmatic mists generated by the ' Single Tax' doctrine. As a Church, we have shunned party politics, especially on the Lord's day, and we have kept to our proper work of seeking to elevate the com munity by preaching Christ and Christ crucified. When Christ is lost sight of by literary, critical, and political subjects being plaoed before Him ; when the odour of decomposed evangelical preaohing affects the spiritual ozone of the Methodist Church, it is time to speak out. ' To minimise the significance of the danger would be oriminal. . In these days we need be firm, clear, and simple ; not with the firmness of bigotry, nor with the simplicity of ignorance, but with steadfastness and faithfulness to the Methodist Church, and of loving gratitude to Christ for every revelation of wisdom, and every hope of redemption. Let us as ministers be true and steadfast to our traditions and doctrines, then Methodism will continue to be a bless ing to society, and become the centre of peace to a tumultuous world. There are men who affect to be leaders of thought, and to possess breadth of view ; they like to be regarded as progressive preachers, hence they introduce into the pulpit speculations on social questions and political topics, and at times there is a clever attempt to make the New Testament say what the writers did not mean. If the introduction of political subjects into one pulpit is right and proper on a Sunday afternoon, it would be right in all other pulpits. Then what of the people who go up to the sanctuary weary, worn and anxious, burdened with sins and cares, who hunger for the Bread of Life ? Are they to be given a stone ? Human souIs need no new provision ; the bread that cometh down from heaven is needed by the men and women of this generation, and it as satis fying as it was of old. No man should preach any thing save wholesome doctrine, which can be supported by an appeal to the Scriptures. The House of God on a Sabbath afternoon is an exquisitely incongruous plaoe for mere politioal speculations, which have a deadening effect on the Ohurch. The latitudinarian of the present day says, 'Every man his own Bible,' that is a dangerous doctrine, and the man who coined that sentence says moreover, ' Every man his own Bible is an unathori tative Bible.' I say an unauthoritative Bible is no Bible at all. The New Testament reoognises . property rights; Christ tells us of a man who had bought a piece of land. He also tells us of a farmer who built larger barns, doubtless on his own freehold, but neither is blamed for so buying. Barnabas and Ananias had land of their own, which they sold, and they had a right to sell, and the man who bought had a right to hold what he had bought. The land of this colony is held by the Crown, but the alienated land held by those who bought and paid for it is their own, and for any man to say that such persons have no right to hold it is manifestly unjust, and to say that they are ' depriving multitudes of their God-given rights,' is not true. To take from men what is their own by pur chase according to the morality of the New Testament, would be an act of spoliation. In the Sydney Morning Herald a week or two ago it was reported that a minister in one of our places of worship said, 'In civilised countries they found extreme wealth on the one hand and extreme poverty on the other, and to-day, as in olden times, there was a cry of great dis tress. The great wealth on the one hand and the great poverty on the other, were driving the masses of the people to some thing bordering on desperation. How long it would go on he did not know. He did not think it could go on to the end of the chapter. Extreme wealth and extreme poverty were as two mill- stones grinding the masses of the population, and he be lieved it would end in such a cry being raised as would drive the upper stone out of place, or else shatter it to pieces.' Is not that paragraph only worthy of those preaching demagogues who seek the applause of the rabble ? It is very very sad that such sentences in these days of anarchy should be delivered from any pulpit. Christ never taught that the inequalities of sooiety should come to an end. He once said, 'Ye have the poor always with you.' He never hinted that in His kingdom there would be ' com munity of property.' When a man inter rupted Him in His discourse with ' Master speak to my brother that he divide the inheritance with me,' He said unto him, ' Man, who made Me a judge or a divider over you.' Even if Christianity should aim at the equal distribution of wealth, it will never attempt it by anarchy, ' driving the upper stone out of place or else shatter it to pieces,' a perilous doctrine at any time and at any place, but such doctrine from a Methodist pulpit on the Lord's day is not only dangerous, but degrading to the sacred office. We are told that ' Christ came to save the body as well as the soul, and the Church's hand should be quick to seek a solution of the social difficulty, and endeavour to remedy it.' The italics are mine. Are we to understand by that para graph that the Churoh does not possess ' the solution,' nor ' endeavour to remedy it.' Has not the Church been endeavour ing not only to ameliorate, but to remove, the evils of the world. Is it not a fact that most, if not all, of the charities of the world have originated with the Church, and are carried on by Christian men and women. And has not the Church been endeavouring to elevate the community and to save society by the only means that can be effective. Men see the disorders of society, the poverty, the wrong, and the misery ; and certain would-be reformers try to better the lot of the poor, and make their life brighter and more hopeful. It is a grand aim, but it cannot be accomplished by any plan which is inconsistent with right, or justice, or any scheme that appeals to the lower motives and ignores the higher. Schemes which busy themselves with external and economic changes, giving the promise of money, and ease, and leisure, but do not hold up any true and noble con ception of humanity can never succeed. It is no use to kindle hopes which are bounded by outward fairer conditions, but do not insist upon unselfishness, self-restraint, and self-conquest. The method of the Saviour was, ' Thy sins are forgiven thee.' ' Arise take up thy bed and walk,' followed. His aim was to save the man. Then self-repres sion, discipline, honesty, sobriety, diligence follow ; the saved man improves his en vironment. Men have tried a thousand schemes which aim to improve the world from without and reach the centre from the ciroumference, but they have all failed, for that which is external can neither defile nor sanctify that what is within ; but the mind and heart sanctify or defile the out ward deed. ' It is not the sty that makes the pig, but the pig that makes the sty, it is not the slum that makes the slummer, but the slummer makes the slum. The Church follows its Divine Founder, by seek ing to save the soul, and the saved soul will save the body, and improve his environment. A true man is be who is what his Maker meant him to be. He meant man to be master and not slave of every passing desire ; master over himself, able to control all the varied powers within himself ; strong to repress all that is unruly, dispro portionate, and undisciplined. What is true of the individual is true of the body politic. The perfection of the many can only be by the perfection of the separate, units of which society is composed. There is no such thing as the corporate salvation of many, apart from the separate salvation of each. It is absurd to imagine that society can grow better if each separate member grows worse. Christianity, there fore, seeks to save the individual, which is the very root of society — the pivot on which it moves is — ' They shall be gathered one by one.' 'If the root be holy, so are the branches.' ' Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly,' save the individual, and dis tracted nature and nations will be attuned to harmony. No one's heart aches more than mine because of the inequalities that are in the the world ; splendour and poverty, virtue and vice, progress and corruption, ' the whole earth travailing in pain together until now,' the whole scene makes my heart bleed, and my reason reel ; the only anchor in this maelstrom is the sovereign holy and loving Presence that is all around us, and could we but see it, no life is the sport of fate and circumstances. Each human soul has its being, and lies embossomed in God, and His eternal love. When we look out upon the world the out look is dark, very dark. Those frauds and deceits, the uncharitableness and hate, the slander and the lie, the unconscionable competition, that wretched selfishness at home, that over-reaching and contempt of the rights of man, and that neglect of com mon humanity. Oh, how dark ! Yet the seraphim sang, 'Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord God of hosts, the whole earth is full of His glory.' Had they sang the whole heaven is full of the glory of God, we could easily receive it; but the earth— full of men's petty pride, dark deeds, cruel pas sions, shameful betrayals, the wrongs of women, the sufferings of children, yet with all this 'the earth full of the glory of God,' makes even faith to stagger. Yet we believe it. Nor are we mad most noble Festus ! One has sung, — This world is 'Wholly fair But that these eyes of men are dense and dim, And have not power to see it as it is ; Perohanoe because we see not to the close.' It will be said, I know, ' that sin is not of God, nor from God,' true, absolutely true, eternally true. Yet God established Adam's headship and perpetuates the rela tionship and its consequences. Whilst we hold original sin, we preach also original redemption, the second Adam was in Eden as well as the first, therefore, the whole earth is full of the glory of Him ' who worketh all things according to the purpose of His own will,' and who is bringing many sons unto glory through suffering, and by making the Captain of our 'salvation perfect through suffering' He shares, and shows that He does share, in the agonies of the natal throes of the world. His wisdom and goodness are under all the sins and the sorrows of humanity. ' Blind unbelief may see but little else than pain, failure, and decay. Faith sees moral dis cipline, viotory, and increasing life ; unbelief sees the earth as withering in perpetual autumn, all its colours darkening into gloom, its flush of crimson beauty — but the token of failing sap, and of departing life. Faith sees the earth in constantly renewing springtide ; life springing out of death, the spirit of God moving among dead branohes, and causing them to bud and put forth leaves, and blossoms, and ripe fruit in their season. Unbelief sees sick rooms everywhere, and disease trium phant in the moral world. Faith sees the healing Saviour moving in viewless power among the peoples, coming in His myriad servants, with hope, and comfort, and deliverance from sin.' ' There is a divine current flowing straight on through all the world — ages a divine power still moving through our times. It is flowing through the world's thought and life— its purest and deepest thought and life. It is flowing beneath all Churches, lifting them up to nobler things, and bearing all on to some larger service,' and grander successes, and that power is ' The Power of Pentecost.' The scriptures teach that the victory over evil is to come by preaching ' the truth as it is in Jesus,' and not by judging or stipulating what God ought to have done, nor by cutting down what He hath said. The great aim and end of preaching is to make the world holy, not merely 8in. less ; sinlessness is negative, but holy and holiness is positive, and the world is to be made holy, actually pure, but to this end there must be unmistakeable declaration of Christian doctrine as the basis of Christian holiness.- No advance in knowledge can supersede or enable society to do without this all important truth. Let us remember that whatever there is of holiness in the world, has been produced by preaching of Christian doctrine, and not by dealing with ' social problems.' The only truth used by the Holy Ghost in the conversion of sinners and the sanctification of believers is ' Christ Jesus who of God is made unto us wisdom, righteousness, and sanctifioation, and redemption.' As Methodist preaohers we ought to take a firm stand and preach the old truths of the Old Gospel which saved our fathers — which have saved us, and will save the world. These unperverted truths are the truths to die by, as well as the truths to form lovely characters and make effective preachers. Again I say, ' Come, Lord Jesus, come quickly.' Come, speak the word, and open and purify every heart. Come, and draw the ourtain and olose the despair and the tragedy of the ages. Come ! the scars, and the cries, and the misery of all time ory come ! By poverty, come ! By falsehood, and by faithlessness we beseech Thee come! By the hatred of Thy foes, we beseeoh Thee, vindicate Thyself, come ! By the rank moral pestilence of great cities we beseech Thee, come ! By hopes so long de ferred we entreat Thee, come ! By the mis takes of brave and holv men we beseeoh Thee, come ! Come, by the blood of recon ciliation, come !' By the Holy Ghost, cornel 'Gome, Lord Jesus, come quickly.' Amen. WILLIAM CLARKE, Stanmore, Sept. 1st, 1894. 