Our Brisbane Letter. (FROM OnB OWN 0BRBaEONDPNT.) Monday, April 9. As the process of closing up old estates under the Insolvenoy, Inteotasy, and Insanity Act of last Parliamentary session progresses, some long-forgotten business failures are being brought back to recollection. A few days ago the insolvency of the Eilis Brothers, of Malvern Downs, graziers, engaged the attention of the Supreme Court. On Friday another remote case cames before Mr. Justice Real. This was the insolveny of George Ellis Walton, of Brisbane. gantleman, who was adjudicated in July, 1870, or nearly twenty-four years ago, by the late Mr. Justice Lotwyche. Whether the insolvent had survived the Judge or not did not appear, but his estate, like an unquiet ghost, remained unsettled. When thu in solvenoy took place Mr. Thomas Bunton, solicitor, was a credtter in the estate to the amount of about £30. His name appeared on the list of creditors, but he never proved his debt. Apparently there were no assets which made him think it worth doing so. Bioce theb estate had passed into the bands of the Official Trustee in Insolvency (Mr. J. B. Hall) however, some assets had been disoovered. Mr. Bunton roesollected his slaim, and be now made, application for permission to prove his debt and obtain with it 8 per cent interest. Mr. Cham bers (Messrs. Chambers, Bruce, and M'Nasb) appeared on his behalf. As theinsolvency and the proceedings in it were under the old Act, the question arose whether Mr, Banton could now prove his debt. When the iosolveney took place there was a Judge in Insolvency, and proofs of debts had to be made before him at publio sittings of the court. The law had changed, and public sittings of this sort were not held. Mr. Justice Real said that under rule 21 of theb Act, debts should have been proves at one of three public sittings of the court unless otherwise ordered. He considered, therefore, that he had power to order that a sitting should be held to prove th debt. lie eseordingly ordered that a public sitting of the court,sbehould be held on the 23rd instant for receiving and deciding on the proof. There was a large attendance of players at the Brisbano Draughts Club, at Abraham's rooms, Queen.street, on Friday evenipg. The match of twelve games between F. Passey and Soott, of Melbourne, was continued, and the result so far is- Passey, 4; SBoott, 2; drawn, 2. A serious acoident happened to. a youth named Robinson Colqoboun at the PiveWays Reserve, Woolloongabba, about 8 o'clook on Saturday evening. Colquhoun was swinging in the boats erected in the reserve, when he apparently became dizzy, and, losing his hold of the rope fell on the ground on his head. 'Io was at once taken across to Thomason Bros.' ohemaist's shop, and Dr. Maonamara was called in. He saw that the lad bhad snstained a fruacture of the skull, causing conoussion and compression of the brain. The youth was con voyed to the hospitals with all despatoh, and, on inquiring at the institution last evening, it was stated thathe was still unconscious. In consequence of strong, comments having been made in the press with respect to the recent appointment of Mr. W. 8. Paul aesaseses. ing commissioner of runs, a' representative wauted upon the Minister for Lands lost week, and requested an explanation of the ciroum stances. Mr. Barlow states that the appoint ment was made on receipt of oefcial representa tions from the Land Board that the work of reassessing rune was falling into arrear, and that snless assistance was provided there would be a serious loss of revenue from pastoral rents. The second term of the leases held under the Crown Lands Act of 1884 has already com menced, and by the fifth section of the amend ing statute of 1886 the rents have all to be reassessed. This work ean only be done by experts thoroughly acquainted with thesraoisg capacity of the different runs, and therefore it was deemed desirable to secure, if practicables. the services of the gentleman who made the aEesosments for the first seven-year period. accordingly temporary appointments were offered to Mr. W. S. Paul and i'. W. Palmer, both ex-dividing commissioners and experienced bushmen, and thoroughly competent for the work intrusted to them. The salary, and allowances have, however, been cut down by nearly one-half of the amount drawn by the same gentlemen when last engaged in similar duty. and Mr. Palmer who lives in the Charleville district, has not yet accepted the appointment. The Minister would have of conrse preferred to employ deserving rereenched oficers in the work had there been among them any specially qualified for the duty. The band Board were moreover of opinion that it tbs reassessments were longer delayed appeals would be provoked, which are mutually disagreeable both to the Government and the lessee. It is stated that one of the gentlemen who addressed Mr. Nelso asnd his colleogoes on Saturday in favour ot reduced railage rates, who drew a moving picture of tile Darling l)ownns far?m?er·s being driven off the land hy tile existing rates, and who dilated upon thle difficulties expeliencrri hy himnself and others in paying storekeepers' hbill, pr'chased within the last fortnight an additiolnal forty acren, adjoinilng his farm, at £8 per acre ! Indeed, it is sacid that although during the last year or too very few new settlers have been starting ogriculture on the Downs, a considerable l number of the old ones Ialve addled to their Ioldinjgs, a policy which seems to be based on a belif that the troulles which now afflict agriculturists on thie Downs are not likely to be of pernmanent durationuu. 