THE LASS THAT LOVED A . MINER. BY T. MONK FOSTER. Althor of !'S1aves of Fate," "A Miner's Million," "'The White Gipsy," "A pit WoWLssie'" etc. A MASS flCWou 8VfaBPG rFl31 THOWS SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CILiPTENS. CoAPrrn I. to III.-Shadrach Deane. a collieral .Ambeewood, effects the rescue of a fellow-workmsn enamed David Bouthworth, who was imprisoned by fall of roof. Southworth's brother introduces him t a factory lassie, named Nannie Wilson,. and a -intimacy springs up which ripens into affection. SCHAPTER IV.-AT TlEFant. It was a Saturday evening early in the Iasl -of the autumn months, and, for the time ol year, the weather was exceptionally fine and warm. The sun had gone down an hour oa two ago; a fall moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pals stare faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway of the skies. All the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town ol Hollingford were crowded with people whc were making their way-some in carts and waggonettes, others on foot-towards the wide patch of waste land on which Holling ford Pleasure Fair was held twice a year. Among those who journeyed on foot were Shadrach Deane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wilson, and with them were several pairs ol lads and lasses from Amberswood villageanc like themselves all were bent on a night o: rollicking enjoyment. All the members of the party were .in the \- highest of spirits, and as they strolled alone two by two, each fad with his lass on his arm they chatted in the gayest tones, laughei perpetnally. andmade merr vafterthethought less, light-hearted fashion of young folk who have money in their pockets and plent; of fur. before them. Presently Shadrach and Nannie and thei friends entered the ancient-looking and tri gular-shaped Market Place of Hollingford ere the vehicles were landing the countr ple, and the scene presented was one a o liveliest kind, for the wide space was ab eolntely packed with all sorts and condition of townspeople and villagers; all manner and kinds of stalls and hucksters' stands while the air . rang with every variety c noise. Butchers were vending their meat i stentorian voices; the sellers of cheap prini and odds and ends of drapery were extollin their wares to the unsophisticated countr women; dealers in cocoanuts, fruit an confectionery were belauding their goods i mo uncertain tones ; while men ,and womee lads and lasses, sad`io n cildrei n of o sexes pressed hither, thither, thIs way, am that towards their different destinies. Without much diffian?ty our party of young friends made their way through this small Babel, and in a minute or two were going along Mesneelane, the narrow street, moid of side walk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town; and soon they. were amidst a great Babel which dwarfed theone they had left into insignifi sance. To those who are familiar with the Lanca shire fairs held inpopu'ous centres the scene which presented itself to Shadrach and his friends will readily suggest itself ; and to those who are not acquaintod with such carnivals of the masses, a few words of des oription may not prove amiss. The Fair Ground was an irregularly shaped piece of waste land a couple of hundreds of gards long and only a trifle less in breadth; at was unpaved and unsewered, and during wet weather it was little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dusat. At the time Shadrach and the others paid the place a visit the ground was herd and dry, the dust having been laid by plentifol applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. On every hand arose a confused clamor, pro duced by the laughter and chatter and ex -clamations bf the people, the noise of braying bands of music playlngin frontof the booths, the exhortations of the showmen to "Walk up! walkup!" and view the wonders to be seen alone within their walls of wood and -canvas, the clatter of huge "rick-racks" -swung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets and bibulous trumpeters; the sharp reports of the guns at the "shoot ing galleries;" the rattle of the "little horses;" the whirr of the "flying boata" and other sounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. And then the shows. First and largest was the travelling circus with its clown, acrobats, bare-back riders and dancing girls -the latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, andcaperinsg about the platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping -crowd below. Then came the "Galleries of Art "-big peep-shows with vasnons pictures; nest the ghost shows and conjuring shows, no neuges tie of inexplicable mysteries to the simple -mind. Next were the shows on the Mammoth Stallion and the biniatsin the Patagonian Giant, the u Ol - endth=oossesnBeanty, all for half-a-dozen Vilainous-.faced pnug-s vited the beetman i the rowd to a game of stiouffs ; he pea saloons, where the dsas and lasses were regaling themselves with plate fuls of boiled black peas; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win tooth some morsels by speculating their pence and lf-pence on the turning-oards," as the ound disc and the spinning pointers were alled; while over all was the howling, creaming, hooting, hissing, discordant nproar of HolLingford Fair. With Nannale on his arm Shadrach forced is way alongside the front of the booths, and the rest of the party followed as best they -coaldat their heels. Each of the young men had a "pocket fall of money," and as each was out with his favored one, there was no thought of sparing their well-won cash. They went the whole round of the shows, -seeing all there was to be seen and enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex •?austed,-they repaired to the swings, to the tieckling boxes." and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies were expended in the vain endeavor to find the boll's-eye and :ring the bell. It was while the young miners were hand. ling the gun and their sweethearts were standing behind watching them, that one of =annie'e eompantions touched her quietly on the shoulder, remarking in alow tone : 'Look Over there, Nannie." "Where? What iait, PeggyI" the girl .-aked as she turned round. "There, beside the horses. Don't vou see ac m It's David Southworth." "Oh; I see him now," the lass responded, "Therehe isdodgingawayamong oowd, Est im go. I. donht care for him, and I 3-aver did," N?nase said, warmly. "Btyo. should ha-e seen the nas look together, d? Shadrsnh there with us. He \- 4,ut looked s if he wanted to throttle some. *,e-vsy likbely ShaLsackthere.", But why should he, Peggy!". - - "Because you have chucled him over, I c3fl) "u.nncaeana~? i r L ow could I chunol Shiým over whin 'evt kept his company?" " David und to say Youdid." "Then he told a lie." " Well, ervybody lmow -that he likes you," the les named Pe*i responded, "An' now tiat he has -a you with Shadrach he's certain to woyonu both all the ill-will he can." ' " Let him!" Nannie cried, stoa , feeling Iquite safe in he love and her loveewkeeping. "I can take can of myself, and Ire say Shadrach can dc as much for himsedl, As the girl vcced those words s, awept the crowd aromd with her eyes, a84' saw David Southwrh again. He wasstig behind a group of red-cheeked and ip bodied country romen, and, owing to i great height, wa looking over thei heas, straight at Shaedch Deane, who was just Sbalancing the gun at his shoulder prepara tory to firing. She watched Da'id keenly. There was a I deep scowl on his great dark face, and a I vicious gleam in hil eyes. She felt instino E tively that Southwith's soul was moved to I its wrast depths,'md that he would not E scruple while his eTil passion was moving withinhim to wreakhis animosity upon her 5 lover. Just as that'touneht flashed through SNannie's mind she aw David turn, his eye caught her's for a monent; she snubbed him Swith a look, and he strde away and was lost Sin the throng. SThe girl turned to he: friends and paid no r more heed to the incident. She had neveo given David Southworth any encouragemen r in his wooing, and so, she considered, she was not to blahnfor any di t Smight feel art en i Half an Smen and t fill of noise 3 their fac I cut, wh lanes, q 11 meadow n The s ailing g peacete perhaps athe Forastnsl They Tunstall mile. STheare we amps e the moodnlight ed ighs , bt under the trees the shadow were thick, and one side of the road where the hedgerow was high wasplungedingloom. thg tisowe pleasant thoughts, Shdr was nota littlestartled when a man's figure glided--ilmost sprang foom the shadows, and a deep voie exclaimed: mile. "Is that you. Shadrsach Deane? Wait a minte, fr we nt to a peak to yI ." "Hello, David, is that you?" Dean respondedW amiably enough, as he recovered from the tmomentry shaok, and re conised the mn the hadnad thed frm hdeath. tanser, somewhat p ullenly, as Shadrach st last, Itheand so." was not, litt startled when a man'g figure SThat'e s ot what I wantr to talk about. Southoth e eappimed ot, in an aggsiv tonie. " Is that Yit, Shadrach eased, as he minde' raay enou, a there. h rc rd from It's rihe about ary shoniht--s, anbout you and Neanihe Wi shat claimhe d yof to take her to the me, Shatrigit have yo u to come bet her and mu. That's what I wantweo om Shasdch ulenl as" Southarth ejanulad. " I'm glad to see that you are all right oin, David tI as k me snao questions, at least, I think not." SThat's not what ie was my girl before a p' sach added, firmly. othwth swo laughed loudn a ly. and i a ?" Shadrach askd, as he " De 'ti be aock-reue abot thato Yoh've to reckon with belfore that job le SNannie doesn't care for yo" h U hat claim had you to take " used to care for me-would have me still but for yor itverfeene to sorry now, I can tellyon, Shadroeb e ,a I shoeld have to think that I o e c to yo, Snth" orth said " I'm str r alto that eanything esould have co I t hn k not.." e no eirwas my girl before that so you can ed, firmily mend matters." " oy e aa from the loas ato "of Don't b cock-anre about th. ether-as you to have done all along. _13113 Btones. ut for your intererfehence. Didn't my brot tll yoa that Nauni and me were keeping coampany 1" "He did tll me,and be liteved what he Owe m11y Le to yon, Southworth said; aid the ime. Btnow-" " hat nosrry a"o that anything should e" now he told me a lie !" " How do you make that nut?" "I will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her, I asked her i g it ta true that she aas en gaged to yourself." DiAnd m hat id she d eay ?" lightest reasonto think she caed for yu. After that I had a right to speak or myself I "soks and now the girl is" engaged D " ou mean to marry her, then!" "I do-as soona Ie an make her a com " How d swea ke that ou nvrhamarr "I wilhusky tell you. "Before I'd seeher the wife Nf another man I'd ngoo her-and theman tool I meanr if it Shadach Deane, bheaven do, so you can't say rye not warned you i" pitman strode off, and Shapicgh pursed his homeward journey. CHAPTER V.--Sourawosrm's GEaeone One morning, abost a week after the oceurreeid of the had nevent hroniced in the prslightest reason to think she cared for you.d oAt ofter that I hadge a right botom ofspeak tohe myel orniasPit and made his way with half a dozen more miners toards ther, thebn, about whieh a small Irowd of ooller and their drawers were waiting to have their Davy lampeexamined. Into the little cavernhewn out of the solid rook theseen and led pansesad one by one, so. cording to their "kall" or turn, and when the thin network of fine wire forming the lamp gauges had been carefully sacruini to see thatthere were no defectsin the meshes -when the lamps had been lighted and saeurely looked, the hewers of coat and the drawers thereof made their way out by the other door of the cabin, and proceeded to their allotted places in the mine. Presently Shadraoh's turn arrived, and he placed his lamp on the table for the official whose business it was to examine it. The fireman stretched out his hand for the gauzes, looked up as he did so, and replaced them on the table instantly, remarking in an off-hand S"It's no use examinin' them yet, Shad rach." " How's that?" Deane asked. " Because," the fireman replied. as he pro ceeded to examine the next miner's lamp, "thy place has fallen up." " Whereaboute?" "In the middleof the drawing road. But don't go up the pit. The underlooker will, very likely, set you clean up the fall. Wait at the cabin door till Bill Appleton comes." Shadrach said he would do's the freinan suggested; and pinking up the various per. tions of his Davy, he fitted them together and went outside, finding a seat on a full tub of coal near the doorway. He had not been sitting there many minutes before the lad who drew for him oame down the pit, and Shadraoh called for his assistant, and told him of the fall of roof which had taken place in their drawing road. The youth received the information without comment, and seated himself beside his master. A little later David Southworth passed them. The two miners exchanged glances, but no words. Since that encounter in Tunstall Lane, now a week past, the rivals had not exchanged a syllable with each other, although they saw one another daily --often nightly also. Shadrach bore the other no grudes on ac count of the hot --even violent words David had used on the night of the Fair. His threats had been set down as due to the angry effervescence of the moment, and therefore not to be taken serioneusly. But there was no gainsaying the fact that whenever the rivals chanced to meet either below ground or above, David's manner and suntenance denoted neither forgiveness nor fgetlulness. He glared at Shadrach with Betmouth, grim face, ready, however, to bun% into flams whenever occasion de mandr. On the very morning following their heated interview in the lane, David and Shadrach chanced to meet at the pit shaft, and to show that he bore no resentment, Shadrach had greeted the other with a genial " good morning, David." But the only responss vouchsafed him was a sulle graht and a baleful flash of the small hd-olosed black eyes. Then 8hadrac ha d -i-ghed lowlythonugh not so faintly as to e inaudible to David who had turned sund. ,enly as if half minded to resent his rival's veer with ablow-or at least a bitter and asionate exclamation. David, however, did neither thing. His owl deepened and darkened until it became ndish in its malevolence, then he went his way cursing in his throat. After that neither men throw a word at the ther, and Shadraoch was pleased that it should so. Time, he thought, wouldhelp to wipe his rival's bitterness of feeling, and en him to think reasonably of the laws he d not win and the man who had won an hour slipped away while Shadrach is drawer, littie Jack Baines, were sit there awaiting the arrlval of the .under er of theminen. It was nearly aix o'clock ,and the " looker-on" and his assistants arranging the lines of full and empty gons at the pit bottom, in readiness for beginning of winding operations. the last caCe before six, the man in ge of the mine came down, and Deane owed him into the cabin. "Hello, Shadraoh; what are you doing here so late l" tha underlookes, Bill Apple ton, asked. "The roof has fallen in my drawing road," e replied, " and the fireman told me to wait and see you." "Is there no place empty in whiho he could work to-day, Fenton " the underlooker queried, as he turned to his subordinate. " There isn't," the fireman said. " All .he men are working to-day." " Isn't there room for two somewhere?" " There's room for Shadreah in David 'Southworth's place, I dare say," was Tenton's response. "And that place is a lot behind, isn't it, sad wants pnshing forward ?" "It is." " Well, Deane, I think you had better work with Southworth to-day. It's the next place to your own, you know, and it will be better than losing a day's work." '"Anywhere else, if you like, Appleton," Shadraek responded quickly. "I don't care to work with David Southworth." " Why not F" the underlooker demanded. " Well, he's not the best of chaps to work with-is very disagreeable, yon u know and besides we're not friendly. If there is no where else to work, I'd rather go back home." "Oh, in that case you'd better go then but wait a minute. How much dirt is there down in the road, Fentonl" "Ten or a dozen tubs," said the fireman. "I think Shadrach and his drawer could clean it up and bar it in aday." "Are all the datallers engaged 2" the an derlooker inquired of his inferior. "They are." " Then let Deans here and his drawer go to the job." Five minutes afterward Shadracb and his lad were on their way to their working place carrying with them a saw and other tools necessary torepair and make safe the roof where the fall had occurred. On reaching the fall Shadraoh, as an ex perienced pitman, was able to perceive at a glance that the fireman, Philip Fenton, had underestimated the amount of work requisite to be done cre the fallen mass of debris was: removed and the broken roof secured. But he and his drawer set to with a will. There was an old opening in the drawing road a few yards below the fall, and into this the dirt was east. When afternoon arrived the heap of debris bad been all cleaned away, and all that remained now to complete their tk was to sat a couple of bars across thetop edge of the fall. Shadrach and Jack had just lifted a bar to the roof, and were holding it there untilit was secured by means of a " eentre- leg" or prop. when something occurred which startled them both. Saddenly there rang through the corridors of the mine a dull report as if a rifle hadbeen fired some considerable distance away, and as Deane was turning to the lad to make some remark about it, another report, a thousand fold more mighty than the first, reverberated along the low, tortuous and far-spreading galleries, driving a bolt of dark tear and agonising despair into the breast and brain of every man and youth who labored in the pit. And close upon the heels of that tremen dous outburst of clangor came a deadly wave of air which hurtled through the roads and cross the working places with incon ceiabla rapidity and power, sweeping all men and things before it. Stout loge of timber were snapped asuander like matchwood, bromen bars were torn from the roof and the strata came clattering down; men and lads were dashed into the goaf or cast with ruthless force on thefloororagainst the face of coal; full and empty waggons were sattered as if they were band-boxes, and every light that was burning within many hundreds of yardsof the seat of the ex. plodon was extigngiahed, leaving thatpart of the ill-starred mine plunged in impenetrable dsrkness and indescribable confusion and gni "h shadrach and the lad were not in thedirect lineof the devastating eunrrnt, they did not eseape itsfo. They were flung senseless and bsedg against the sides of the drawing read, the log of timber they weare holding up fell down with cra th the bars they had fixed under the broken roof were torn out a if by a gint's am mand the shattered masses of reeook the timber supported rushed down, half burying the unoonseious man and hislittle helpmate. The sesne that followed the disaster would require the pen of a Dante to describe it thoroughly. Snob a picture, when seen and felt in all its awful and harrowing details, gives one some notion of what hell may be. After the clangor and rush of the hurtling air came the rush for life, and the dense blackness was filled with the screams and prayers and imprecations of those who were seized with the horrid fear of death or were maimed and helpless. In that terrible moment many theught only of themselves. Fathers left their hbildren, sons forsook their sires, brothers forgot all ties of blood in their momentary madness, and rushed pell mell through the intense gloom for their lives. And Shadraeh Deane and Little Jack lay still as death where the blast had struck them down, and presently all about them was as silent as their own prostrate and motion less forms. Some minutes went by and Shadrach Deane struggled slowly back to consoiousness. For a few moments he was unable to realise his situation, but the truth soon flashed upon him, and he attempted to rise to his feet. The attempt was a failure. He was weak and bleeding from a severe scalp wound; several logs of timber pinioned his legs to the floor, and a heap of newly fallen roof weighed him down. Realising his inability to free himself he called aloud for his drawer. " Jack ! Jack! Where are you? Speak, lad, speak!" There was no response though he repeated his cries again and again. Where was the lad, he mused; Not killed, he hoped, with a hungry intensity of fervor that pained him more than his own injuries did. Then he put out his hands, felt here and there, groping in the dark like a blindman among the dirt and litter, and at length his fingers rested upon something soft and warm. It was Jack's face that Shadrach's palms touched, and the lad was evidently living, al though still senseless. With fresh cries he strove to arouse him, chafing his' face mean while as well as his prisoned position per mitted; and presently Jack gave signs of returning consciousness. " Shadrach! Shadrach! were the lad's first ories. Where are you, Shadrach?" " Here beside thee, Jack, but I am half buried and can't get myself free. Are you all right, lad?" "I'm hurt a bit, and fast too," the little fellow replied cheerily. "But what's up, Shadrach ?" "I believe the pit has exploded; but I think we are safe, Jack, if we can only work ourselves out of this. Do you think you can manage to get out and help me." "I'll try, Shadrach; I'll try!" Jack cried, bravely: and the man could'at once hear the lad making desperate efforts to free himself from the splintered timber and fallen rocks which imprisoned him. The courageous efforts of the lad stimulated his master tothe making of another desperate struggle, bat he was pinioned as in a vice, and to fight further to free himself meant only ex hanstion. So he resigned himself to his position with all the patience he couldcommand, and helay there thinking prayers, if he did not utter them, that Jack might free himself quickly, and thus aid him to regain his freedom. Suddenly a sound caught Shadrach's ears that sent a thrill through him and caused him to listen with bated breath. The peculiar shuflhng sound continued, and be-. came more clear each moment; he knew that someone was creeping on his handsand knees in the dark, and his voice rang out in load, hopeful accents " Who's there? ForGod's sake, be quick and come here! I'm fast under some roof and-timber, and my drawer is fast, too !" Who are yoa?!'.a y soreplied, and. Shd nioh reognised the speaker as his rival, David Southworth. "It's me, David-Shadrach Deane." ' " Ah, it's you, is it?" came back with a loud, sneeringlaugh. "And you expect me to help you ?" "For God's sake, David, help me and little Jack ! Be sharp, or we may both he lost I" "You're whereyou'llstay, ShadrachDeane. Iwouldn'tlift afinger to save you from hell. You stole Nannie Wilson from me, didn't you! Well, there's one thing certain you'll haveto give herup now." Another brutal laugh came floating along the dark road, and Shadrach's heart felt heavy as lead. He listened intently for a moment, andcould hear Sonthworth shufling away up the gallery. Again Deane's voice rang out " touthworth I For the love of heaven, do not desert this lad and me l Have you forgottqn how I risked my'own life to save yours? If we die our blood will be on your head ! If you don't help us and we escape, I'll denounce you to everybody as a murderer; be a man!--not a fiend! Come and help us !" Hepaused.breathless,and listened. But he could hear nothing save theshuffling of the fleeing hound. Biting his lips in blackest despair, he fell back and prepared for the worst. (TO nE CONT?I ?ED.) 