Our London Letter. Queen Anne's Gate, London, November 29, 1893. MT DEAR CLARA,-There is no longer any doubt in my mind that this is the real age of progres- sion: What do you think is the latest concession to the advanced tastes of this enlightened period ? ! lt is an entirely feminine affair, and decidedly a ; step in bhe right direction. You will be glad to hear that woman is at last thoroughly eraanci At Victoria Station. pated-freed from the tyrannical trammels that : so long have bound her; freed from that terrible institution that has obliged her to look obliquely on parliamentary people in general, and one or two favored ones in ^ particular ; freed from the- monster that has stood between her and the proper enjoyment and áppreciatipn ofthat highf st form of intellectual " ctilchaur-haw," the speeches in the House of Commons ; freed from that relic of the dark, and , dusty, and musty, and fusty ages, " The Grille." It is doomed. . It is to come down ; and bauds of i nierry maidens are singing, in tune and out of , tuné, and in time and out of time, the praises of , the brave men who have flown in the faces of the disgusted ce ai uries, and have "done away" with the grating. Now, woman ! lovely woman ! in all her glory, <d<>thed in smiles and a most becoming toilette, will shine forth with unimpeded splendor from the gallery on tb her favored knight, who is taking the " flure " (and on other people's knights too, if she , gets half a chance), and. will so effectual!y distract the attention of the budding diplomat that I am afraid his parliamentary duties will suffer. # # # I need not say that " our souls are in arms and eager for th «J fray," and we all fpel that we are equal to the occasion, and will do our duty, and will try with might and main to quite frequently " catch the Speaker's eye " on our own account, Mamma is much shocked and wonders plaintively " what is the world coming to," and " why " do ladies agitate for these doubtful advan- tages, and " where " is the retiring uateway and Chapel, Malling Abbey. modesty that so becomingly decked th» gentlewoman of other days, &c.; But all the same, the dear has made up her mind to be pre- sent, and in a front seat, the first " open night." There will be such a rush ! It's too lovely. It puts me in mind of breaking out of the Bastille. V We had a most delightful outing the other day. You know, papa is desperately.interested in an- tiquarian researches and arrangements and dis- coveries, «fee, old monuments and monasteries, and contents, and manor houses, being his especial we ikness ; and anything covered with the moth and mould, and traditions of centuries is his par- ticular pet. Well, the place we went to fulfilled all these conditions. We journeyed down to " Malling Abbey." It was lovely. We inspected it thoroughly, I can tell you, and went through the grounds and did all the points, including " the chapel and the old gate," with great satisfaction to tha pater-ditto ourselves. The property has been recent1 y purchased for «£10,000, and pre- sented to the Sisterhood of S.S. Mary and Scholastica. *** Malling Abbey was originally built in 1090 by Bishop Gundolph, of Rochester, for a community of nuns, in whose possession it remainel until the . dissolution, part of tue nunnery having been de- stroyed by fire a century after Gundulph's death. It is steepod in the most charming, creepy stories, and is full of ghosts-not common every- day ghosts, but historic ghosts; ghosts that one . feels honored by even talking about; ghosts ol undoubted reality and respectable antiquity j ghosts that it would bring us very ne*r the seventh heaven only to catch a fleeting glimpae # # # It was to Ma'ling the foiir knightly murderers 4 .of Thomas A'Becket rode with whip and spur after their dreadful deed. The popular tradition of this incident is narrated by Dean otanley in "Memorials of Canterbury :" "The murderers rode to Saltwood the night of the deed; the next -¡?J day (30 miles by the coast) to South Malling. On entering the house thrëy threw off their arms and trappings on the dining table, which stood in the hall, and after supper gathered round the blazing hearth. Sudden y thc table started back and threw its burden to the ground. The attendants, roused by the crash, rushed in with lights and replaced the arms. But a second and Btill louder crash was heard, and the various articles were thrown still farther off. Soldiers and servants with torches scrambled in vain under the Bolid table to find the cause of its convulsions, till one of the conscience stricken knights suggested that it was indignantly re- fusing to bear the sacrilegious burden of their arma-the earliest and most memorable in- stance," says Dean Stanley, "of a rapping, leap- ing, and moving table." And so late as the 14th century the table was still shown in the same place. After looking at these places, and hearing theBe stories, one feels that Mr. Stead and his Julia (in the way of purely bogey and thrilling interest) "ain't in it." We went to the private view at the Grafton Galleries on Friday; it was overcrowded, and with a very smart assemblage, including a num- ber of pretty women, and not a fe w men of unusual height. One of the best dressed of the former was Mrs. A. S tuart-Wortley, in a long coat of green brocade, trimmed with sable, and falling in straight folds from the shoulders. There were some lovely frocks. A charming costume was carried out in green velvet. Everyone was asking who the lady was but no one seemed ready with an answer. She carried a 1 bunch of violets. A rather eccentric cape was furnished with a collar trimmed with extremely stiff white bands, dotted with black. A tall girl wore a three-quarter cloak of black moire, made with full skirts and large revers in front. Brown cloth and red velvet, with bands of fur, were the ingredients of a good costume, the velvet forming the bodice, while the skirt and sleeves were in the cloth. But of all the lovely women in the room, our Delia was the loveliest-I was proud of har. She was dressed to perfection, and looked really "fia de Siècle." *#*. A collection of the works of the late Albert Moore will be on exhibition at these galleries next January. A room will be especially devoted to them, and most of the artisc's best pictures have been promised to the directors for the occasion. I don't know whether it is the same with you as with us, but it has always been a dreadful trouble here to get a gentleman to go shopping with you. Directly the carriage stopped at a milliner's or a modiste's, or a linen- draper's shop, an expression of unutterable woe would creep across the masculine countenance, and then a sort of determined "Oh, by jove ! I must get out of thia " look would supervene. The merest sight of feminine fal lala induced a decided " jib," and the air became thick with soft murmurings of "Awfully sorry, pressing engagement, city fellows-don't you know ;" oi "Horse Guards," or the "Foreign Office," oi something equally Btupid and inopportune wouh claim them for its own. But all this is changed and it's the sort of thing that no fella can under stand; but the fact remains that nowaday gentlemen go a shopping with the ladies in quit the most delightful way; and it is most curiou and interesting to h"ar them ask sud questions about " things." Sir Harry said th other day he was only just beginning t understand what girls meant by "things. The wedding is coming off in February and he actually went with Lady Julia (hi fiancee) to Elise to select the lace for th« lingerie, which is to be unique. Her godmamm« that absurdly rich old lady H-is going to pri sent the trousseau, and Julia told me in conti dence that " Dear Harry " said " if he had th selection of the ' things ' the old lady would cei tainly come a severe cropper over the bills.' " The Queen has come to her own again. Yes, i the great joy of her liege Bubjects, "Our onl one" has returned to Windsor from Balm ora You cannot get away from the fact that " H< Most Gracious " lives in the hearts of her people. The reception she got. It was wonderful. One would have thought she had been at thu other end of the world for years-such crowds, such shout- ing, and hurrahing. And such* a send off. " At Victoria Station" every place was black with people. Stupid, isn't it, but when I hear masses enthuse like that I get a lump in my throat. *#* Those kind-hearted people who have agitated so long and persistently on the behalf of the dis- use of the bearing-rein are now likely to reap the "reward of their labors, as the Queen has ordered the authorities to try the experiment of discon- tinuing its use in the Boyal stables. # # There isa great deal of talk, and suppositions in certain quarters, about " The Queen's Munshi," and somebody writing to the papers wants to know "is this gentleman a Lord-in Waiting, a member of an Indian Council, a physician, or, perhaps-a servant." But, after all, it is really " much ado about nothing." The Munshi is a ''personal" attendant, a combination of a private secretary and private tutor, his chief function being to direct her Majesty's studies in Hindustani. * * # You will not be surprised when I tell you it is the same old story-" Who is the lady ?" And all the talk has arisen from the fact, that by the Queen's desire, the ladies of thé Munshi's house- hold have just been brought to this country tc make their home with Abdul Karim at Frogmore Cottage, and now and then their closely-veiled figures are to be seen flitting with curious effect about the grounds. One of the ladies is usually clad in black, the veil shrouding her form com- pletely from head to foot, and the other is in yellow, equally Oriental and picturesque in styli -a strange pair, truly, to be Been in the prettj Windsor woodland. I wonder if they will som« day, say three centuries hence, share with Hern( the hunter the honor of providing the Hom< Park with legendary ghosts. Herne, " rattling his horrid chain," and the spooks of Abdu Karim's wife and mother-in-law, would mab historic Windsor richer in romance than ever. *** The theatres are, as our American cousins woul say, in full blast. We went the other night t the St. James's to have another look at " Th Second Mrs. Tanqueray," and we really found he so interesting that I for one feel inclined to sug gest that Mr. Pinero, should write a retrospectiv play, and call it " The First Mrs. Tanqueraj This curious Tanqueray menage fills you wit curiosity, and you feel you would like to kno1 " all about it " from the very beginning. V There is a new piece at the Trafalgar Squai called " Tom, Dick, and Harry." It is by Mrs. E. Pacheco, a Californian lady, a niec of à some time governor of the golden state, an Malling Abbey. a member of a very ancient and very haughty Hispano Mexicano family. This three act farce (for it is nothing more or less) has been played with success all through the States, and did im- mense business at the Bush-street Theatre, San Francisco, under the title of " Incognito." It is full of funny complications, which depend for their success on the perruquier-three different gentlemen wear three selfsame wigs, and we all sit in the front, and pretend we don't know t'other from which, or whether there are three gentlemen and one wig, or three wigs and one gentleman. It is a moBt evident decep- tion, and would not impose on a baby. We know Haye you seen the Gaiety Girl? perfectly well which is Tom, which Dick, and which Harry, but it does'' not matter, we laugh consumedly all the tim«, and I believe that is what we paid our money for. * * < * They say it takes a girl to do it every time, and this is being exemplified at the Haymarket, where our ancient enemy under the thin and Joneseresque disguise of *' The Tempter," is re- tiring before " A. Womaa of No Importance." A Fin de Siede. very boarding school and Bowdlerized version of the "School for Scandal," arranged by Mr. Augustin Daly (poor " Sherry," will this not dis- turb his ghost) with a distinct view to the npn rufflement of American "up to date " susceptibi- lities, is being presented at Daly's theatre. Miss Ada Behan as Lady Teazle is charming, but the rest of the characters we do not seem to recognise. They do not belong to the period. There is no J ocal color. The Georgian style is not there. There is lobs of millinery but no mode, and there are no little tit-bits in the dialogue at all now. How delicate those transatlantic dears must be. They have actually cut out "wench" to spare those pretty ears. The fact of it is, ultra-cultiva- tion is on the warpath, and the most recently rich and latest imported darling from the deepest recesses of "Dead Man's Gulch" on the summit or the Western Sierras, is very choice in her ex- pressions ; and when in Eu-rppe lays aside her vernacular with her old clothes, and thinks that " wench " is " really too-too-well you know. One does not care to be introduced to such persons." And she believes in Augustin, and goes to his theatre for her Daly bread, and gets it. You should hear papa growl at all the (as he says) best lines being " cut." " A Life of Pleasure " is still running at Drury Lane ; and Mrs. Ber- nard-Beere, quite recovered from her illness and wearing such frocks, is just as charming as ever. "Madame Favart" has a merry time at the Criterion. Miss St. John is good as that fascina- ting lady, but we miss Marius. " Don Juan " has caught on at the Gaiety; but there is one piece still agitating all London, and everybody is ask- ing everybody else, have you seen " The Gaiety Girl." * * ? We read in a recent society paper that Her Majesty, who is so good to the artists, is in Mdlle. Zelie de Lussan specially interested, and during the charming young prima donna's recent visit to Balmoral, gave instructions for her dressing-room to be supplied with comforts and luxuries that were indeed " fit for a Queen," as the nursery rhyme says, and the young singer was further honored by having the use of Princess Beatrice's own room, into which she herself came to see that everything needful had been done. Autres temps, autres mours. Percy tells me that a few years ago, when he was travelling in the States, he went to the opera (it was a peripatetic one) in Buffalo, and after the curtain came down on the first act, a young lady (the contralto) came on the stage (O.P. side), and explained volubly and excitedly to the audience that " she was not treated fairly in the theatre ; that the soprano was protected by the impressario; and that-," but just here there bounced on from the prompt side a small, piquant-looking person-it was the soprano-and she " begged to interrupt," and to inform the audi- ence that the person addressing them, to put it mildly, was not betraying a strict reverence for the tru h, and that she, in fact, might, with per- fect propriety, claim a direct and uninterrupted descent from Ananias ; about this time the two ladies had reached the middle of the stage, and active operations would, there is no doubt, have at once t tken taken place, but the manager, whose name and reputation had been so untenderly treated, rushed on, separated the fair quarrelists, and led the soprano off. The contralto had to get off best way she could. This affair resulted in a theatrical scandal of the most beautiful and satis- fying description, which ran all through th« States and the newspapers with great Buccess. The two ladies concerned were Mdlle. Zelie de Lussan, soprano, and Miss Agnes Huntingdon, afterwards the original and successful " Paul JoneB" of the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Lon- don, contralto. # * # What a gossip I am, don't you think P Good- bye, dear! Take care of yourself. Lots of love from your cousin, \ KATE. \----? --_ "I caught sight of a sneak-thief under my bed in the hotel the other night." " Dear me ! What did you do ? Yank him out?" " No. I sent for the chambermaid, and had her sweep the room. The poor fellow died of suffocation." 