WHETHER the present unsettled condition of the world generally is but the return of that which has visited this planet before, and will continue to do so (the revolution of a cycle, as it were), is a matter upon which we are quite unable to express an opinion; but it is certaia that such a state of things has not existed for many years. There is scarcely a position one can oceupy without being affected in tome way or other. Whether we will or not, unless we be " dumb, driven cattle," we must feel that now, if ever, is the time for earnest thought and action. One dart not say he does not feel interested, that would bo to say he simply exists j nor dare he say it does not concern him, that would proclaii him selfish and untruthful* And yet we dare not speak with immature thought; these matters are too serious to be handled by children ; too many, already, with no thought beyond the present} with only self co serve* have sought to remedy things, and the result has been confusion worse confounded things have been suggested, and agree* ments entered into, whioh, to thoughtless and short seeing men have appeared right, bat which, in their ultimate working out have produced greater bitterness of feeling, and greater antagonism and repulsion than existed between the parties under thn old condition*. Men do wisely to think long and seriously before accepting any theory proposed to alter the existing state ot things- The history of the evolution of the industrial problemSt whioh haTe troubled the thinkers of the world during past years emphasises this. The story of the labor movement has not been a bloodless one, though fortunately the prophecy ot "Caesar's Column" hat by no means come true; but it has been repeatedly demonstrated that "* single act of a fool or rogue might let loose, in a moment, forces which could not afterwards be controlled without the shedding of blood." But we do not fear for the future; even those whose brains are dullest are baginning to recognise that trae success is not attained thus, that strife tends only to embitterment, and that which is to be, must be by Lawful means, throagh the legislature. Nor is it alone in the industrial arena that there is excite, raeut and activity. In every departm*nt there is evidence that the "common people" are beginning to feel their individuality and the power of an intelligently thought anc[ expressed opinion; and life is to men generally more real and suggestive, To a very great extent this is due to the spread of education, to the facilities for the obtainment thereof, and the educational tendency of the press ; the outcome of all these is more liberal and universal thought th«n ever before. It is a pleasant feature of the present day that, even in religious matters, men will think for themselves. The doetrines which 50 years ago were accepted, and to doubt which would in the eyes of maay, constitute one dangerous to Society, are to-day being examined and pronounced upon by others than ordained men* and anplieations ere being made here and thf.re in such a manner as to almost raise the ghost of our forefathers. We commend to the fullest extent, earnest and intelligent thought and expression hv every. man in regard to these matters, but we as emphatically con d*>mn the crude and unintelligent views of many mnn, who, without the ballast of love toward God and man, would tear away the old foundation, and leave nothing at all tor men to stand upon This is not thoughs but humbug faua'icism. If the matter worn not serious and of »uch great significance it would be amufting to watch the changes of thought and action which are faking place year by year among the different sections of religious workers. Much significance lies in the evidence thus afforded that the Bible is not for one time only, Vmt for ail time, and that it slowly but surely hiving its rrue mean ng unfolded. Men are learning t understand their Saviour ari«jh f in Hi respecting their dealings with another. But tor these things, we repeat, it would be amusing -to notice what changes time woiks among even the most conservative institutions That the churches stiould deal with the education and drink questions is perhaps to be expected, but to think that the land question should push its uncanny head iuto the puipit, and claim amoniTHt its most ardent reformers members of the Ministry of any church ! This would have horrified many of the fathers, who, nevertheless, (whisper it gently), did things in their turn which would to-day brand one as unfit to occupy the sacred desk. Here also is evidence of the unrestful spirit fvbich is marking the progress of the age. That the application of the gospel is capable of far greater ex tension than was ever before dreamed of, is now recognised by all, and that Christ cared for men's bodies as well as their souls, has also been demonstrated* But the nations of the world as nations are experiencing the same. The individual has nude his feeling that of rhe community. The feeling of the community has extended 10 tha nation and so it com^s to u iss tin* unrest and feverish anxiety are. universal. At the present time there is not one of the foremost nations which is not internally disturbed by unsettled conditions of one kind or another, England has increased her navy, her workers and capitalists are fighting and have been fighting for years, France is torn by Anarchism and fraud, America has her multitudes of disturbers in the shape of Coxeyites and labor disputes, Russia, the keeper of the peace of Europe, finds even the priests of the National Church fomenting Nihilistio plots against the Czar, and Germany in her desperation almost exhausts her exchequer to increase her army. This state of things cannot continue. Some way must be found out of the position. As far as tha industrial and religious unrest is concerned, we believe thry will be productive of much goed; bat what the results of the other elements will be it would take a prophet to tell> and we are not gifted with prophetic power. THE LATE W. H, WILKINSON.—In out next issue will appear a fall sketch of the above gentleman's career in South Australia. We are trying to make arrangements to have a photograph of the deceased appear at the same time. IiEGisiiiirv* COUNCIL ELECTIONS,— Messrs Copley, O'Loghlia, Bice and Alford will address the electors In the Institute Hall, Moonta, to-night. We hope there will be a big attendance. Meaars 4Ldame and Fuller have been returned for the Central Division. The former polling 800 votes ahead of his colleague, Mr Fuller. FOOTBALL.—The Moonta Juniors held their annual meeting on Friday l&Bfc;, there being a good attendance of members* Mr F. Row* in the chair. Mr A. Butson was re-elected captain, and Mr 0. Green vice-oaptain, Mr A. Phillips, secretary. The committee to consist of the officers^ and Messrs J. Bray, J. Richards, and F. Rove. It was decided to send a team to . Maitland on the 24th. Yisrr OF XHB REV. T. COOK.—This gentleman arrived in Moonta last Wedae»* day, and is conducting mission services at the Moonta Mines Wesleyan Church. The rev. gentleman is a very eloquent preacher, and lacks that excited manner which generally characterises evangelists of this description. Mr Cook closes hie mission to-night, and no doubt large numbers will avail themselves of the opportunity to hear his last sermon. Y. P. COMPANY, V.M.R.F.—The company, with the Band, will parade this evening at 7.30. Class-firing to- morrow for No 3 Section. The firat competition for the officers' gold medal will be held on Saturday, 25th inst. The condition! will be 10 shots at 200 yards, sitting position. One sighter allowed. Those intending to compete must enter their names with Lieat. Cowling by Monday next, 21st inst. There being a vacancy for corporal, the captain will receive applications from those desiring pro* motion up to Saturday next, 26 inst. THE DENIAL SING.—Our readers will not fail to notice the advertisement of Mr Ralph Potts, the Dents! King, which states that in future Mr Potts will visit Moonta every moath, where he may be consulted on all matters pertaining to the teeth. There is little doubt but that this gentleman is fast gaining popularity as a first- class man in his line of business, and the large amount of work he has already turned oat .to the utmost satis, faction of his patients, speaks volumes for his powers as a dentist, and ere long there is no doubt but- that Mr Pefcts ml! have the largest dentistry business ia South Australia. For all particulars we would refer you to his advertisement. F»E AT EAST MOONTA. — On Sunday morning last, the people were somewnat startled by the cry of " Fire J" whioh prooeeded from the house of Mr Lanu^U. It appears that one of the children b*< came troublesome during the night, and Mrs Lennell lit the candle which was accidently knocked over. The flame caught the curtains and bed hangings, . and in a short time the house wa* iu flames. Very little of the furniture was saved, and the house was quickly d«s« troyed by the firo. Graat sympathy is felt for the fa nily, and a subscriptioa has been started. We sh=tll oe glad t>> receive any money from those who would like to assist. NEW ZKAL&NDBBS; IN GLASGOW—The annual reunion of che natives of New Zealand resident in Glascow and Edinburgh was held in the saloon of the City Sail a abort time ago. Ex-ProvoBt Hunter, J.P., of Govanhill, who presided, give au interesting account «f jj^visit throughout the colony, and flBfrkei that he was agreeably impressed with the enthutsastn and hospitality of the people the great majority of whom, he was surprised to find, were Scotchmen. He was also astonishad to observe that so many to was, streets, rivers aid mauntaius bere Scottish names. Provosc Hunter also stated ittac he happened to be the first Scotch visitor to the Government House aiuce the arrival of the Earl of GUscow as Governor. An enjoyable dance followed. MBRTING OF A. H. AND F. SOCIKTY J A meeting of the above Society >ras held in the Town Clerk's Office on Wednesday Ust. There was a very fair attendance. Dr James occupying the chair. The treasurer (Mr J. W. Hughes) read the balance-sheet, and he was glad to say that the society was now out of debt. They had decreased the former year's debit balance by something like £34. A discussion here arose as to an outstanding guarantee of £70, that had been signed «ty the committee, and which was held oy the back. One of the committee proposed that it be withdrawn, but the treasurer informed the meeting that as the society would soon be needing a small amount for another purpose they would still have, to have the guarantee with the bsnk or give them another for the amount required The matter was Goally settled by the Secretary informing the .nesting that the amount required could easily be got by some of the members paying tip their subscriptions when it was needed. Tha election of officers then toek place which resulted as follows :—President, Mr H. W. Uffindell ; vice-president, ftlr Gr. W. F. Marshall and Dr Archer ; hou treasurer, Mr J. W. Hughes (re- elected); committee, re-elected with the exception of the late Mr W. II. Wilkinson, in whosa. place Dr James was appointed ; auditor?^ vte3ara W. Cowling and D. Archibald. The prize-list was then discussed, and several alterations were sur/gested, but ifiey were finally left in the hands of the. committee. Resolved tha'u the committee be limited to £5 over the amount ex-, pended in last year's prize-list. Aftec some discussion it. was decided to hold the show on the 10th of October. A hearty vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the meeting. RECEIVED.— We have been sent the annual catalogue o! treea, which contains description of trees, soils, and situation i";suitable for each kind, also directions for planting conditions of issue, and tables r \- au(i ln ]i nes / . 'for planting trees per acre aud in -etc. The book is issued by Mr Walker Gill, F.L.S., F.R.B.S., Couaerva'or of Forests, and should prove very interesting to those who take an interest in th's sort of thin?. We have also received with Lady Cook's compliments the April number of the Westminster Review," \- which contains some very interesting articles on various subjects THE QUEEN'S HATRED OF NEW CLOTHES. —Will it be a comfort ta the lounger to know that the Empress of all ths Indies and high and migfuy ruler of the British Empire abhors new clothes, ti^ht shoes, and innovations of every description that hamper comfort and hinder ease (says an English paper). Well, it's a fact, if the Court shoemaker can .be believed, that the Queen goes about in the morning "Without any cornets or crimps, dressed in a loose black silk wrapper and a pair of Blippers spread in the vamps and run down in the heels. Most people give away their old clothes, but the Queen give's her new boots and new gowns to charity, and hangs on to tried and truly comfortable pets of her wardrobe. She takes her breakfast at 8 30 o'clock every morning in the year, and when she is a ,t Balmoral two magnificent Scotch laddi «s in plaids and kit is play the bagpi| >es while she takes her coffee and cho ,ps There are four pipers in all, and t ney alternate when Her MajestyV ear' is turned for the windy strain, te which she is very partial. Although stul in »>lack, the Queen has discarded crape for <»veqpthing but "veiling. KIND&KSPIEL; ±X KAOINA.—9a M-onday 44 last the k'toderspiel ^he Happy family," was, igiven at Kadina in the IRechabite Hal!. The k*3l -was crowded to its tumo&t; capacity, many not being able to sec in© seats. The parts were taken by tb««»me member* as when xfaey last appended with the «xcept'"on of Cinderella and the l&idehapmite;, which were taken by Hiss T. Dtsien ai»d Mr W. Metherell respectively. During the evening the performers were applauded frequently. It seems stfcat every time they appear they feel more at home with tbeir-respeotive parts, kb the close of the entertainment aupper was served out to: the yisitww, after whioh the Rev. T. Allan proposed a vo*e -of thank* to the performers, the organist,and all those who had helped to make the affair a success. Heccomf&raented; all of fheui, and stated that the proceeds were highly satisfactory. Mr-J. Brooks seconded the vote of thanks, and endorsed the Kev Allen's remarks, H« hoped that they would pay a visit to Wallaroo Mines. Mr W. Browning! presided at the or^an in his well- known j good Btyle, It is quite probable that the kinderspi<il will be repeated at Wallaroo Mines at ar. early date TEE N(WEIIST AND HHS WIFE — Mr David Christie Murray appeared recently at Bow-street Police Court London—before Mr Wiughan — to an adjourned « - eummons by his wife, Alice Lydia Mary, q for maintenance, After Mrs Murray had again gone into the box and repeated much of her evidence given before, Mr Murray was -sworn and said lie desired to make s statement in ordar to contradict the reports founded on h«3 wife's evidence He said, when living at R« chefort, at the Hotel de rEtoile, he foubd his wife had given way to the mournful habit of driuk ing. Then the/, lived at Twickenham, and she there beeame worae. There was an attempt : at suicide, an escape, and capture by die police. The end of it was his wife was sent to the private asylum for drunkards kept by Dr Stuart at <01ifton. From there she went to friends of hw at Antwerp, aDd ultimately rejoined him. -But he found her slate so distressing that at last be was obliged to leave her. lie absolutely denied having confessed to his wife that he had committed adultery with a lire Peel. It was utterly untrue. It was, however, quite true that he now lived with a Miss Dudley at Kensington, and that she had taken his name. He thanked heaven that he had a son by her. As to his means, they were now very small. He had become a bankrupt, and in consequence of illness had to rely upon the generosity of his friends. Mr Vaughan adjourned the case, and strongly advised the parties to come te an arrangement. 