THE IKISH PEASANTRY. A CHARMING DESCBIPTION BT J0BTIN M'CARTHY, M.P. On December 14, under the aUapices of the Irish Literary Society, London, Mr. Justin M'Oartby, delivered an address on ' The Irish Peasantry ' in the hall attached to the premises of the society in Bloomobury Mansions, Hart-streefc, W.- !. Mr. Alfred Percival Graves presided, and there vjds a large attendance of members and their Mends. _Mr. M'Gartby said that his recollections — for his remarks were only recollestionq of years ago — were mainly confined to the Irish peasantry of the South and West of Ireland, The Irish peasant always impressed him with being the distinct descendant or some race v.'nich liaa nvea m a southern climate and tmder a southern sun. The Irish peasantry seemed to be a race transferred from. some genial eunny clime and dropped down by a strange chance on an island ia the Nouth Atlantic Ocean, on which they settled end to which they clung and cleaved as Irish pencantD did to-day. The Irish peasant oi hia time de lighted in open-iir amusement, lovt-d music and the joy of the dim-;e as did people who lived in sunny chinos, nheie there was no adverse weather to interfere with their auiuseinentB j and he, theref -re, believ.-d that the Irish peasant; was descended from a sunny race whose every pore was alive to tho influence of the weather, the de light of music; and the joy of the dance. He did not know whether the dance was as general in Ireland now as it was in his daya, but certaiJy no Neapolitan could have been more fond of the fascination of the dnnce than was tho Icioh peasant under all his troubles and grinding poverty. He hoped it was so still to-day, and fciiat the Irish peasants would keep up that LOVE OP MUSIC AND DELIGHT IN THE DANCE which they displayed years ago. One charac teristic of the Ir;sh peasant which was unlike that posauesed by any southern race was his extreme amount of pfttk-nce and quiet, ungrudging, unmurmuring patience with r/uich he took every trouble in life. Over and over again he (the lecturer) had met in Ireland an old woman who s-emed to him to have led a life of utter and absolute poveity and misery, but yet, if spoken to, she had nothing to eay bat ' The Lord hos been very good to us always.' (Applause.) Ag&n1;, if £in Irish peasant was mot, on a day when the wind was screaming and the rain falling iu drenchiut? shonera, he would simply remark, 'A fine Bot't day, your honour.' (Laughter.) IS the day was bitterly cold, it waa sure to be good for Borne plant or animal, and if a day was so extEoraely bad that nothing good could be said of it, the poaaant would say, 'Sure it is tbe will oi: God, and that is enough for us.' An English lady once told b'-m that all the peasants she met in Ireland during a visit appeared to be bosrn gentlemen, they were so courteoup, polite, and considerate. There was another peculiarity oi the I'ish peasant, be hoped it lemained still despite railways, telegraphs, telephones, evening newspapers, and other delights of civilization. The Irish peae&nt; HALF LIVKD IN THE 6TJPKENATU1JAL. It was Baid of Joan cf Arc that the kingdom of ghostn was easily opened for her- -that is, she could with ease pee something that was not of out* ear-u. The Irish peasants, m his time ot all events, were in very much that mood of mind and of temperament. They then believed as fully in the supernatural an the peasants of other coun tries believed in the cows and horses and pigR. The fairies and tho ghosts lived for them, the angels were alive for them, and they heard the wail of the banshee. These things lifted them up above the mere materialistic conditions of life, and made them into unconscious poets He did not know whether the Irish peasiuts believed in tho evil of having thirteen at dinner, but they certainly believed in what he might call tbe more poetic superstitions, and of these they bad the keenest sense. THR BELIEF IN THE BANSHEE existed in his days in Ireland. He did not know whether it existed now. He rather hoped it did. He had an affection for the banshee. The McCar thy family retained theirs, and tht y did not retain anything else. (Laughtor.) In her they hc& o property which could not bo appraised in any court of law. Years ago a member 0? tho M'Carthy clan died in a Liverpool hospital from the effects or an accident, and tbe nurses declared that his death was accompanied by a wailing sound which disturbed the dying man. That he knew to be a fact, and at leaat it was a very remarkable coincidence. Soaae of the superstitions o£ the Irish peasantry were ridiculous, such aa the idea that there was no good making a journey oe an ex° podition if one met a red-haired woman at the outset, but the maas of them are elevating and refined. They formed a vein of poetry in the nature of the Irish peasantry just as similar ideao did in the nature of tbe ancient Greeks. He did not know whether such noble feelings could endure against the rough feelings of the prosaic, but he did declare that i? civilization was going to banish the fairies from the raths and valleys, to get rid of the banshees, and to suppress all the other forms that beloupjed to what 'was called superetitioD, he for himself would rather that the Irish peasantry did not get too wise all at once. Another characteristic of the Irish peasant woo that he 