PARSON THRING'S SECRET. BY A. W. MARCHMONT, B.A. Author of "Miser Hoardley's Secret," "The Old Mill Mystery," " The Mystery of Mortimore Strange," &c.; OHPTER XXIV. ELIZABETH THDBSBT. Basil ohafed greatly at being unable to see Balfour. He went two or three times to the Hall during the evening of the day he had seen Ruby, and oalled on hiB way to Morllands the next morning. It galled him to feel that the time was slipping away, and that he could do nothing, and for hour after hour he brooded over the problem and the means which he oould take to prevent the marriage. There was only one couree whioh appeared even possible to him; and yet the more he thought of it the more he disliked it. It was that of some kind of physioal foroe. His cousin Stephen had only one vulnerable point he reasoned, and that was his fear. He was a coward; and if only he oonld be thoroughly frightened out of his poheme he might give it up. He had no feelings of honour to appeal to; his interest lay in carrying the marriage through; and there was no one living with influence enough to prevail with him. Yet Basil could not, even in his dogged and angrv moments, shake off completely the sense of absurdity which this use of violence suggested. He had a morbid fear of making himself ridiculous; and he oould not help feeling that there was a sort of melodramatic anomaly in endeavouring to settle suoh a matter with a flourish of bludgeons. "He's level-headed enough to know that I can't really shoot him if he sets me at defiance, though I might horsewhip him. But, then, to make a scandal of that kind would be only to drag Ruby's name into the affair in a most unpleasant way. He's sharp enough to see that, and eheep enough to cower down behind a woman's skirt. If he was a man one oould deal wito him. But even to kick a mangy cur is only to soil your boot, Usb!" But all his ill humour and contempt brought him no nearer a solution of the problem; and when, late in the afternoon, he saw Miriam, and tried to get some oomfort out of berusually sanguine confidence, he succeeded only in making himself more depressed. She (lid not say muoh to him, but from the little Bhe did let fall he fathered that her own views had undergone a considerable change, and that much of her confidence had vanished. He knew nothing of her interview with Ruby, and ehe told him nothing about it; but she might with truth have told him that Ruby's statement of the oause of Balfour'B power had vastly influenced her. " We must hope for the best, Mr. Trevannon," she said ; " but from what I know I fear there is a great deal to be overcome. I think that whatever is done will have to be in the direction of deterring or influencing Mr. Balfour—but what is best Icannot say just yet." And this was all the comfort that Ba°il oould gee in hiB perplexity, and it was very cold and unsatisfactory. Late that night, however, Miriam thought that she had cause to change hsr opinion. Word was brought that Mr. Carter wished to see her at once, and when he was admitted he was aooompanied by one of the assistants who had been working with him in watching Stephen Balfour at Morlwych Hall. "It is rather late, bat I thought it best to come to you directly, in order that you misrht hear at once from Baldwin here something of importance. He's been *ehodowing' Mr. Balfour ;" and as he uttered the name in a low voioe Carter glanced hurriedly about him as if suspeoting the very furniture. "What is it?" " According to instructions, ma'm, I've kept a pretty close watch on Mr. B'B doings for a long time F»st," said Baldwin, speaking volubly, " and yesterday he had a note and a telegram in the forenoon after that flare up about the will. They weie waiting for him when he oame back from the vicarage, and it was soon evident that something- was in the wind. I had the office given me." " The what?"asked Miriam. "The information, the tip, the hint," put in Mr. Carter. " Oh, I see, go on." "I had the tip given me by one of our men in the place who tried to get hold of the telegram, but couldn't get more than the envelope of the letter. Here it is, and the postmark as you'il see is Tiverton, for the post town, and Pyneleigh for the place where it came from first. Accordingly I wasn't much eurorieed when he went off to the station and began to ask about the trains to the West. We travelled together in the next compartmente—I thought this best, though hs don't know me by sight, as I keop away from the Hall as muoh as possible, getting the office—tip, I mean, when anything 's up." " Be as brief as y.ju csn." interrupted Miriam, "and get to the point." " Wo travelled soroight away to Tiverton and then to Pyuoleigh, whioh is a—I mean"— he st-oppsd on catching Miriam's look of impatience. "Well, I ivatohed him to the house of a Mrs. Gar!itt, 2, Prospect Cottages, Moadow-Iane"—reading the address from a pocketbook, which he consulted from time to time—" and after he'd stayed there a bit he cams out and returned to Tiverton, and stopped there last night. First thing this morning he went over again to Pyneleigh, made another oall at tha same place, and then back to Tiverton, catching a" train back to the North at 10.25. As I heard him asking what time he'd probably rtaoh Bristol and whether he'd catch the connection on here, I thought I could safely leave him and see what was up at Pyneleigh. So as soon as I'd seen him off I went back, and in the fake of an insurance ageut into the cottage I went and interviewed this Mrs. Garfitt. 1 didn't get much out of her, more than I'd heard outside— that she let a oouple of rooms—and when I said I might want to be going to live there I found she had a lod&er;—a woman named Thursby." " What name?" cricd Miriam, interrupting, keenly interested for the first time. "Thursby, Elizabeth Thursby. I know the name well," said the man with a grin, " because I had a talk with her and nearly took Her life." '' Did what?" said Miriam. '' Took an insurance on her life," said the man Baldwin. " B':t I didn't learn much more than that she doeta't work for a living and has an allowance —the best of being an ^Lsuranse agent is vou oan alwavs put a lot of questions without any one seeing your game —and oalls herself forty years old—though I should have put her fifteen or twenty years farther on. She drinks too." "Well, is there anything more? Did you find out anything about the reason of the visit ?" " Not a word. I put a question or two, but the two women, who'd been chattering away like magpies, shut up as dumb as a couple of bogs of sawdust; and soon afterwards^ for all the world as if they'd twigged something, packed me off about my business. I could have found out more about thom I dare soy if I'd stopped; but I thought it beat to come on straight here and report what I'd done." " You've done well, very well," said Miriam. "I don't know whether there is anything really important in this; bus you" have done well to act in this prompt way, and Mr. Carter will see that you get a proper reward." "I think there's something in it, ma'm," said Baldwin, aa he and his chief left the room. "And so do I, indeed," said Miri&m; to herself as soon as she was alone. "Elizabeth Thursby, I will go to-morrow myself and see what the meaning is". I wonder what was in that letter and in the telegram to take him away at Buch a time." Then her thoughts broke away to Ruby, and she sighed. " Thot poor girl, I can't get her face out of my thoughts. I declare it's as much for her sake now as my own that I wish there may turn out to be some intrigue in this business. Well, to-morrow shall settle that so far as I can settle it I'll face the woman and charge her flatly with being an importer. There's nothing pays with us women like bounoe whether good or bad." She made arrangements at onoe for the journey south, and before midday she was walking along the winding street of Pyneleigh, looking for Meadow-lane and Pros 11 Cottages. She found the place easily enough, and as the door was open she entered without hesitation and walked into the first room she came to. Then without a word, and to the manifest surprise of a woman who came bustling in from a room beyond, she drew off her gloves and laid aside her cloak. " Ah, good morning, Mrs. Garfitt; and how is Mrs. Thurby this morning. I came in you see without fuss, as Mr. Balfour suggested, and I'll go to her at once, please." . Stephen Balfour's name produced an immediate effect, and Mrs. Garfitt put away the look of surprise whioh Miriam's coolness had caused. , " Ob, you are from Mr. Balfour, I see," Bhe said. " I didn't know at first, and when I saw you there at first I was that took abaok I didn't know what to make of you. I didn't hear you knock." "Didn't you? Ah, well, I don't mind. I didn't wait long. Didn't Mr. Balfour tell you to expeot me ?" " No, indeed he didn't; and have you oome far?" asked the woman out of curiosity. "Far enough to be very glad of a OUD of tea," replied Miriam, parrying the question. " And if you'il get me one ready while I go in tosee how Mrs. Thursby is I shall be obliged. I shall find her in her room; or isn't she up yet ?" " No, she's not np." " Then I'll go to her bedroom. Let me see, I think it's the front room, Mr. Balfour told me," said Miriam making a guess. " Yes, it's the front room, but I expect she's asleep. You know I suppose that she takes a drop of something stronger than tea;" and Mrs. Garfitt laughed. " But, bless my soul, I forgot to ask you in my confusion—what might you want with her ?" " Why, my good woman, what do you suppose Mr. Balfour would send me here for?" and with this vague reply Miriam went up the narrow oreaking staircase and entered the front room. It was a low oeilinged, sparsely furnished bedroom, with an aid- fashioned wooden Frenoh bedstead as theohief objeot; and on it, amid a heap of rather dirty bedclothes which straggled over it disclosing the dirtier tick of a mattress, lay a woman. She was asleep, and her heavy, rather stertorious breathing, suggested drink. It was a mean and squalid place, and Miriam glanced round the room with an expression of contemptuous diBgust, and then her eyes settled with fixed scrutiny upon the woman. Then she started violently. An expression of intense surprise oame over her face; and she went to the bed and leaning over the sleeper turned down the clothes, pushed the hair off the face, and slightly moved the features into the light, that she might examine them the more searchingly. The result was a sensation of intense satisfaction and pleasure, and turning out of the room she went downstairs again. "She's been at it again I see," she said to Mrs. Garfitt. " I thought you'd promised to keep the drink away from her. She must sleep it off now. I'll go up when she's awake. In the meantime I'll have that cup of tea down here, if you don't mind, instead of there. The room reeke of drink." She had the tea, and sat thinking over the result of her visit to the woman's bedside, and planning what her next step should be. In this way the time p&seed; until she heard a movement overhead. Then Miriam eaid she would go upstairs. When she entered the room the woman on the bed moved restlessly, with a half turn, and muttered— " Is that you; bring us a oup o' tea, do. I've a throat like a limekiln. Hullo '." This asshesaw that itwasnot Mra.Xxarfitt. "What is it ?" Traots, don't wont any, thanks," with a laugh. "Mission woman? Much obliged, but I don't want to be saved. Good morning." Miriam was standing by the door and did not move. This irritated the woman on the bed, who half rose, leaning on her elbow and looked with blinking lids at her visitor. "Why don't you go away?" she a»ked orossly. " I don't owe you anything, do I? If I do, I oan't pay you, and that's flat." She stopped and stared at Miriam harder than before. " Why don't you speak and say who you are ?" "I am waiting for yoa to recognise me," said Miriam, firmly. " Reoognise yoa?" cried the woman, scramling up hastily into a sitting poature, and keeping hBr eyes fixed on Miriam's face. " Recognise you. Come out of the shadow then." She paused, and Miriam stopped forward. Then she cried Euddenlr in a half whisper and with a partly hysterical laugh. " My goodness, if it isn't 'Stately Mee !' and what the dickens ace you doing? And how do you gat here?" " Margaret Cresswell" had been Miriam's stage name, and many of her faster stage acquaintances had nicknamed her "Stately Meg" on account of her persistence in keeping aloof from them. "In Elizabeth Thuriby" she had reoognised one of them—and one of the most dissolute and drunken of th°m all—a woman who had been known as Helen Walker. " I'm looking for Elizabeth Thursby," said Miriam. " That's me," cried the woman, with a leering laugh. "What do you want with me? Shake hands, won't you, for au'd lang syne ? But what licks me is how you ever got to sse me. Fancy you turning up here in this outof-the-way, God-forgotten place. I'ra foirly staggered !" "I've also oome to see Mrs. Thring, the wife of the Rev. Herbert Thriner, of" "Hush!" said the wom-ic. " Koldyournoise, or you'll hove that old c» jalnarin downstairs, Mrs. Garfitt. hearing yoa. What are you after andupto? What atoff you ave/'sho said, looking closely at Miriam's dress as sbe Walked to the bedside and eat down. "Are your touring down here ? or has your ship come home? Didn't you go to Australia, or America, or someout-of-the-world country?" " Never mind me. I've come to talk about you," answered Miriam. " How came you to pass yourself off as Mrs. Thring?" she asked, sternly. "What ahoiby-toity, cock-vour-noc-e-in-theoir madam you are—and always were too. If you want to know anything and are going to question me in that tone you can find out and go to bUzee ;" and she laughed and lyiug down again rolled the bedclothes round her and made a grimaoe at Miriam, and then &,dded, "You can take your hoo-k." "I don't want to have you locked up," said Miriam, quietly. " But if you don't want to st&nd; in the dock with Stephen Balfour on a charge of conspiracy you'll tell me the truth at onoe. I oan make it worth your while." The woman had olosed li6r eyes, but now onened them junt to wink at Miriam and then grin. "You know me,'" said Miriam, warningly. " I'm in earnest." "Don't make an ass of yournelf," oried the woman. " If you know anything you know jolly well that there's no policecourt about this job. I haven't cheated anybady. But when you talk about making it worth my while you speak a langu*ee which all the world can understand." Thenclosint; one eye and staring with *)he uthtr at Miriam, the aaked —"How much?" " I'll make no bargain with you," returned Miriam. "But I am a rich woman and will treat you fairly if you make a olean breast of the whole thing. If you don't—well you must see for yourself that Mr. Balfour can make no further use of you. I know y our lie now." The woman lay silent for a moment, manifestly impressed by what Miriam said. " What do you want to know for?" she said, after a pause. "I answer no questions," returned Miriam, sharply. " What a pepoer-box you ore," nuapped her oompanion. Then, Rfter thinking a miuute or two she added, " You might Bay what you'll do for me if I tell you." " If you tell the truth, mind you, the truth, I'll see that you have enough to live on," said Miriam, wanting the interview brought to a o'os<* " Straight ? Well, I'll trust you. I oan tell it all to you in a few words, You know that I've been down on my luck lots of times, if you don't know it you can guess it ; and more than onoe I've been in the workhouse— and a devil of a place it is to g6t in, I can assure you. Weli, some years ago, I don't know how many, I dare say twenty or more, I was in one, and there was a woman as like me as one pea is like another, and I palled a bit with her. My, she oould booze. 1 can put away a fair drop, but, lord, I wasn't in with her. She was always stoney broke, as bad as me, and yet always managed to get a lot of folks to take on interest in her. She had •tuoh an oily tongue when she liked, though the oil could turn rancid enough at times, my word. Well, to make a long story short, she overdid the business at last, and her lungs went, and she croaked. That was Mrs. Thring, though she didn't call herself that. There she was Elizabeth Thursby ; but she'd told me all about herself. Well, when Bhe was taken real bad, and the doctor told her point blank she couldn't live, Bhe asked me to write a letter for her to her husband and say who she was, and that the was dead, so that he might come and see her and be satisfied that he was free. She'd told me no end about herself and her kids, and her love for them, and a lot more, and I knew pretty well as muoh about everything as she did. So when I'd got the letter written, it occurred to me I oould make a better use of it than to let the man come there to identify her for himself. I kept it back a day or two after she was dead, and when he oame she'd been buried a coupl6 of days or so, and he didn't see her. I slung my hook oat of the workhouse as soon as I'd posted the letter, but I went back again after a few days to hear what had been done." "Go on," said Miriam shortly, when the woman stopped. "Oh, it's all rightabout 'go on,' but I'm getting dry. Give us the water jug." She took a long pull at it, and then resumed. " I got ber to give me every thing she had to prove who she was, promising to give up the things to her husband. But I didn't. I kept 'em. There were the marriage lines and some fallals and trinkets, and some kids' hair, and the<e I meant keeping till I oould use them. My notion was to wait a few years and see whether he married, and then try and bleed him a little. But I didn't do it. I went b&ok; to the stage for a time, and gave up the booze and lived quiet—for her death gave me a bit of a quake—and things went on till the tide turned again for the worse. Then, the other day I was travelling with these things o%me as usual—I was really thinking about making an attempt to get a bit out of the parson, when an accident in the train sent me to the infirmary, from there I was carted off to the workhouse, and then I got a devil of a fright, for the olerk to the guardians found the things and tackled me about being Mrs. Thring. I was in a fix, and said I was her; and th»n this Mr. Balfour oame along, and I saw easy water. I Baw hia game wasn't straight; but it fell in with mine. He brought the parson over and I gave him a bit of a fright — you know I con aot a bit if I like—and he went away convinced that he had seen his wife. She was just suoh a woman as me—eyes, nose, shape of faoe, and after twenty years it wasn't likely he oould tell the difference — and I fairly funked him into believing it. Mr. Balfour did the rest. I didn't want a fuss made, of course; not. likely; and he juct acted as a go-between to send me the money I wanted to live on. That's all." "And enough too." said Miriam, drily. '* It's a good thing I stepped in when I did. Another week would have seen more than one life shipwrecked by your handiwork." CHAPTER XXV. STEPHEN BALFOUR'S LAST KB30UBCE. When Miriam returned to Marllands she took with her a written statement of the foots from the woman who had masqueraded as Mrs. Thring as well as all the "pieces of evidence"—the marriage certificate, wedding ring, locks of hair^ &o.;—on which the deception had been based. She had insisted on having these as part of the coudition on which she consented to maintain the woman. She looked forward with the keenest pleasure to her interview with Stephen Balfour, and during the whole of the journey ^n the train her thoughts were busy Battling her plan of action. She hod him now fast in the net of his own oontriving. There wot no escape'—and she smiled at the anticipation of bringing him to his feet. She would break down that sullen, dogged will which had dared to set her at defiance. She was glad, too, for Ruby's sake; but it was mainly of herself, her own plans, and the oarrying out of her own wish that she thought. If Balfour chose to fall in with her wishes she would not exposo him to the Thrings. She would see him first, and when he bad rri&de; his decision she would make hen. ~The^ marriage with Ruby oould be broken off, and, as soon as possible, some means taken to make it appear that Balfour himself had been tricked by the woman at Pyneleigh —^apposing, of course, that be yielded to her wish. If not—then hia exposure should be summary and complete. The whole of the little world of Mirlwyah should know the villainous conduct of the Squire. She did not reach Marlwyoh until too late at night to hove an interview with Stephen immediately on her return, but by on early hour on the following morning she was at the Hall. Balfour himself was also in good spirits. While Miriam had been at Pyneleigh he had been at the Vicarage, where, to his surprise, he had found Ruby anxious to hurry on the marriage. She had told him frankly that her reason was her fear lest her father should t6ll Mrs. Thring the secret, as he had threatened, and in this way provoke the very trouble that she was sacrificing herself to avoid. Balfour had, at first, shrewdly enough, appeared to hang back, and had only seemed to enter by degreea into her plans. At last, however, it had been agreed that the marriage should take place at the earliest possible momei\t at which Balfour could get the arrangements made, and that it should be secret. He was therefore preparing to hurry off to London to get a special lioenoe when Miriam was announced. He was disposed at first to send her away without seeing her, but, thinking that perhaps he oould more easily keep her in ignorance of the marriage if he were to see her, he went to har. Well, bird of ill omen," he said, laughing, " what is it now ? Anything more in the melodramatic way ?" She saw that he was for some oause in an exultant mood, and her quick wit conneoted it with Ruby. "Nothing melodramatio — only something very true." Not another will, I suppose." Helaughed again at this. I wish you'd find another that would give me back a bit; or one that would tike yours away from you. I think that would please me almost as muoh,"he eaid with a stieer. "Yet you'd miss it," returned Miriam, quietly. " Miss it ? What do you mean ?" " I mean you'd rather marry a woman with money than without." " So would any one but a sawney. But 111 be hanged if I see any poiut in that. I'm not going to marry you. So if you've only oome to fiddle again on that broken string you may as well go away again," he said, laughing coarsely. " I've no time for that sort of rot." " What a vulgar cad you are," she exclaimed. " The very ooncentrated essence of brutal caddisbness." " Well, you're making a deuce of an effort to get a cad for your husband, then," he returned, sneering: .again and flushing with &nj;er. "Cad or no cad, I am going toltaarry an honest woman, not a—well, not you." Miriam paled and bit her hp at the brutal insult. "The ohivalrous honour which prompts you to say that to me is a testimonial to your charaoter. It reminds rno of the bitter price I have had to pay in order to right my son." " Don't trouble yourself," he answered. " You won't have to pay any price at all—so far as I am concerned. You need never set eye3 on mo again unless you please. It is not I who seek you, but you who keep running after my coattails. Go away and keep away for all I care—and the farther you keep away the better." " I am Btrongly tempted to take you at your word, for I never felt a deeper disgust for you than I do now." "Then, why the deuce don't you go? I don't waut you here — and I'm sure my wife won t want you." He laughed again OB he made this thrust. Miriam did not reply at ones, but looked fixedly and thoughtfully at him, and after a long pause exclaimed— " I only hope one thing—that you and the boy may usver meet; and that hi may Dover know from what a loathsome stock he he replied, wit-h a grin, "That's very kind of you. But don't be afraid. X want him as little as 1 want yoa." But Miriam bsd moved away and was looking out of the window buried in thought, and did not heed him. When ehe turned round her face wore a resolute angry expression, and her words were sharply and crisply spoken OB she asked suddenly— " Do you know what I've been thinking in that minute?" " No, and I don't) cere," was th. answer. "You look as if you'd been got tins; into a passion and working yourself up." "Not that,"Bhe rapped out firmly. " Iwas thinking whether I should stand these jibes of yours for the lad's soke, or put yo? • in the dock without more ado." " Ah, more melodrama. I thought lo," he sneered. " Whr.b for, pleose?" Then before shi had time to answer he said with rapid vehemence, " Drop this tommy rot, I'm sick of it and of you, and of everything about you. I've stood as much of your hanged hysterical rubbish as I mean to, and the best thing you can do is get out of this. One would think you'd get tired of playing the silly part of the ghost of a youthful sin, rising up to try and frighten me with a lot of fantastic jabbering and lubb9ring, as if I was a child to be frightened into saying my prayers by the mention of a bogey. Please to go, and don't come bothering here again, for I shall give my servants orders to turn you away from the door." Daring this tirade Miriam had had time to grow oaliner, and when he finished she said— "I have one answer to that." She spoke deliberately, seeming to clip the words between her teeth. " I was at Pyneleigh, near Tiverton, yesterday, and I brought away with me the written confession of your confederate." She smiled coldly as she paused to watch the offects of ber words, and then added, "Your power over Ruby Thring is broken, and I — I have broken it." There was a glint of exultation in her eyes as she looked at him. For more than a minute he oould find no words to raply. He stood and stared at her helplessly, pale to the lips with malice and hate, baffled rage and sickening fear showing in his face, while he struggled to foroe himself to be cool and to find words and courage to defy her. He could have killed her. "It's a lie," he muttered at length. " A lie 1" And his voice was hoarse and thick. That was all he oould say. " What is a lie?" she asked. "When did you ever find me tell you a lie? When did I ever threaten you without reason ? I have told you the truth in every syllable." He felt the truth of her words, and every syllable stabbed and Btung bim into a greater wrath which he dared not show; and he shrank and trembled before the cold contemptuous look which she kept fixed upon him. He was a pitiful figure as he stood before her, now glancing furtively at her, now oasticg his eyes about on all sides of him, while he pulled nervously at his moustache with trembling fingers whioh did not conceal the quivering of his blue lipB. "I know nothing of this," he said after a long pause. " Is that your only defenoe ?" she asked contemptuously. "If that is all yoa have a poor oase. You forget the letters you wrote to yonr confederate in the early days of your conspiracy. I have them, and they would hang you if the charge were murder. But no w listen, I have no intention to prese this matter to the end—unless you force me. I will give you a ohanca. No one knows of this except myself and the woman — your confederate. She is as little anxious as you to have the story told in a Criminal Court in whioh ehe and you would listen to it from the dock. I will be silent on one condition — you know what that is." " What is it?" he asked sullenly, more to regain time to recover his self-possession than from any ignorance of the condition. "That you go with n:e to Australia, make lne your wife, and remain there until we oan do justice to our ohild." .' " And if I refuse ?" "I will publish yonr infamy broadoast, and epare no effort or money to pat you in the dock. " How long do you give me to decide ?" "Five minutes, not one second longer." She drew out her watch and held it in front of her. He turned sullenly to the window and stared out, busy with his thoughts. Then before two of the minutes had expired be turned again to her, and said in a voioe which had recovered muoh of its usual tone— "I accept your condition. We shan't make a very loving couple; but if yoa insist I'll marry you." The short sneering laugh with whioh he accompanied the words, and his quick return to his usual manner made Miriam auspicious. "That's not a very pleasant look to seal a betrothal with," he added in response to the doubting glance she b6nt upon him. "To-day the end of the engagement with Ruby Thring will be announoed," she said. " All right!" he agreed. " As toon as yon like." He spoke in a half-jaunty air, and added, " I suppose though, now we're engaged, we needn't oontinue this interview. We're not likely to take very kindly to the billing and oooing under the circumstances. You love me about as much as I love you, I expect." "Are you contemplating another trick of some kind ? Is that tha meaning of this sudden change of manner?" asked Miriam, suspiciously. ~ " I'm hanged if you're not mors unreasonable than even the rest of your sex," he exolaimed with a grin intended to oover the momentary start of confusion at her words. " Here am I falling in with every jot and tittle of your blessed plan, you're getting everything you ask for, and then you turn on me like that. Yoa wouldn't have me ory, would you, because I'm going to have such a lovable, amiable, and silky creature for a wife?" "If I thought," began Miriam "Well, don't think," he put in when she paused. " Be contented with having beaten me, and having forced me to what I'd almost as soon die as do ; and don't fool about tricks and suspicions and the rest of it, because I gibe at the result. And look here," he cried with some violence. '' Don't you run away with the idea that you're going to have a model husband. I marry you because you force me, and because you've worn me down. But don't you run away with the notion that I won't do my best to make your life as .miserable as I oan. By Heaven, but those who thwart me sbal pay for it. You may comfort yourself with that assurance and make the best of it;" and hs laughed bitterly and angrily. Miriam looked at him keenly to see if he were acting and deceiving her ; and the scowl of hate which he returned satisfied her that he was in earnest. After a few words, in which the final arrangements were made for Balfour to announce at the vioarage the breaking off of the engagement, they parted. As soon as he was alone, Balfour threw himeelf into a choir and laughed cynically. " Phew! That was a squeak. She's as sharp as the devil, bub I had her with that last burst of temper. There shall be a marriage and at once, my lady, but not yours. I'm glad I thought of that knuckling down to herJ She fell flop into the trap—though I devilish near spoilt everything by the way I ohuokled over the thought of selling her after all. Occe let me get Ruby as my wife, and her slice of that old fool's money in my grasp, and they'll have to oome round whether they like it or not." He stopped to chuokle over the prospect of this. " It'll be a near 6have though. Ruby must leave M&rlwyoh; to-day before the spitfire can get to the vicarage; and before that hotheaded devil, Basil, gets wind of this. I can manage that. I'll pitch some yarn or other into her about the need for getting away at onoe. I oan tell her that her old fool of a father has been round worrying me with his intention to take soma stupid step or other about telling his wife of this business, or something of that sort. It'll only take half a hint to set her on fire ; and we oan be away this afternoon. I'll go to the vicarage straight away." He rose at once, and as he crossed the room he caught sight of his fact in a large mirror. "Gad, I look a bit peaky. Hong that infernal woman for giving me these starts. But I'll do her yot;" and with a muttered oath he left the room. 