A Terrible Mystery. CONTENTS.—PAM I. HI.—How Lady Catheron oame Homo. XV.—" I'll not believe but Desdemona's Honest." V.—In the Twilight. VI.—In the Moonlight. VII.—In the Nursery. VIM.—In the Darkness. IX.-From the " Cheaholm Courier." X.—From the " Ohesholm Courier "-Continned. .XI.— "Ring out your Bells! Let Mourning Shows be Spread!" XIL—The first Ending of the Tragedy. •CHAPTER HI.—How LADY CATHEHON CAME HOME. Late in the afternoon of a September •day Sir Victor Catheron, of Catheron Royals, brought home his wife and son. His wife and son! The county zgtood astounded. And it had been a dead seoret. Dreadful! And Inez Catheron was jilted ? Shocking! Shocking! And she was a soap-boiler's daughter ? Horrible ! And now when this wretched, misguided young man could keep his folly a secret no longer, he was bringing his wife and child home. The resident gentry sat thunder- -struck. Did he expect they could call ? (This was the gentler^ sex.) Plutocracy might jostle aristocracy into- the background, but the line must be drawn somewhere, and the daughter of a London soap-boiler they would not receive. Who was to be positive there had boen a marriage at all ? And poor Inez Catheron ! Ah it was very gad—very sad. There was a wellknown, well-hidden taint of insanity in the Catheron family. It must be that latent insanity cropping up. The young man must simply be mad. • Nevertheless bells rung and bon-fires blazed, tenantry cheered, and oil the old servants (with Mrs. Marsh, the housekeeper/ and. Mr. Hooper, the butler, at their head) were drawn up in formidable array to receive them. And if both husband and wife were very pale, very silent, and very nervous, who is to blame then ? Sir Victor had .set society at defiance ; it was society's turn now, and then—there was Inez ! For Lady Catheron, the dark, menacing figure of her husband'B cousin haunted her, too. As the big, turreted, towered, ivied pile of stone and mortar called Catheron Royals, with its great bell booming, its Onion Jack • waving, reared up before the soapboiler's daughter, — she absolutely cowered with a dread - •that • - •had • no name- "I am afraid!" she said. "Oh, Victor, I am afraid !" He laughed—not quite naturally, though. U the painful truth must be told of a baronet and a Catheron, Sir Victor was afraid, too. "Afraid?" he laughed; "of what,Ethel? The ghost of the Gray Lady, who walks twice in eveiyyear in Rupert's Tower ? Like all fine old families, we have our fine old family ghost, and would not part with it for the world. Til tell you the legend some day; at present ' screw your courage to the sticking place,' for here we are." He descended from the carriage, and walked into the grand manorial hall, vast enough to have lodged a hundred men, his wife on his arm, his head very high, his face very pale. She 'dung to him, poor child! and yet she battled hard for her dignity, top. Hat in hand, smiling right and left in the old pleasant way, he shook hands with Mrs. Marsh and Mr. Hooper, presented them to my lady, and bravely inquired for Miss Inez. Miss Inez was well, and awaiting him in the Cedar drawing-room. They ascended to the Cedar drawingroom, one of the grandest rooms in the house, alljfgilding and ormolu, and magnificent upholstery—Master Baby following in the arms cf his nurse. The sweet face and soft eyes of I*ady Catheron had done their work already in the ranks of the servants—she would be an easier mistress to serve than Miss Inez. " If she ever is mistress in her own house," thought Mrs. Marsh, who waB "companion" to Miss Catheron as well as housekeeper ; " and mistress she never will be while Miss Catheron is at the Royals." The .drawing-room was brilliant! lit, and standing in the full glare o: the lamps—Inez. She was gorgeous' this'evening in maize silk, that waB like woven sunshine; she had a white camellia in her hair, a diamond cross in her hair, a diamond cross on her breast, scented laces about her, dia monds on her arms and in her ears. ' So she stood—a resplendent -vision— so Sir Viotor beheld her again. He put up his hand for an instant like] one] whoja dazzled—then he led forward bis wife, as men have led on a forlorn hope. " My cousin," he said, *' my wife ; Inez, this is . Ethel." There was a certain patbos in the simplicity of the words, in the tone of his voice, in the look of his eyes. And as some very uplifted young empress might bow to the lowliest of her handmaidens, Miss Catheron bowed to Lady Catheron. " Ethel," she repeated, a smile on her lips, " a pretty name, and a pretty face. I congratulate you on your taste, Victor. And this is the baby—I must look at him." There was an insufferable insolence in the smile, an insufferable sneer in the compliment. Ethel had half extended a timid band—Victor had wholly extended a pleading one. She took not the slightest notice of either. She lifted the white veil, and looked down at the sleeping baby. " The heir of Catheron Royals," she said, " and a fine baby, no doubt, as babies go. I don't pretend to be a judge. He is very bald and very flabby, and very fat just >t present. Whom does he resemble? Not you, Victor.' 0, no doubt, the distaff side of the house. What do you call him, nurse? Not christened yet? But of course the heir of the house is always christened at Catheron Royals. Victor, no doubt you'll follow the habit of your ancestors, and give him his mother's family name. Tour mother was the daughter of a marquis, and you are Victor St, Albans Catheron. Good customs should not be dropped—let your son's name be Victor Dobb Cathen." She laughed as she dropped the veil, a laugh that made all the blond in Sir Victor's body tingle in his face. But he stood silent. And it was Ethel who, to the surprise of eveiyone, her husband included, turned upon Miss Catheron with flashing eyes and flushing cheeks. " And suppose lie is chrietoned Victor Dobb Catheron, what then ? It is an honest English name, of which none of my family have ever had reason to feel ashamed. My husband's mother may have been the daughter of a marquis—my son's mother is the daughter of a tradesman—the name that has been good enough for me will be good enough for him. I have yet to learn there is any disgrace in honest trade." Mis3 Catheron smiled once more, a smile more stinging than words. "No doubt. You have many things yet to learn, I am quite sure. Victor, tell your wife that however dulcet her voice may be, it would sound sweeter if not raised so very high. Of course, it is to bo expected—I make every allowance, poor child, for the failings of her—class. The dressing-bell is ringing, dinner in an hour, until then—an revoir." Still with that most insolent smile she bows low once more, and in her gold silk, her Spanish laces, her diamonds and splendor, Miss Catheron swept out of the room. And this was Ethel's welcome home. Just two hours later, a young man came walking briskly up the long avenue leading to the great portico entrance of Catheron Royals. The night was dark, except for the chill white stars—here under the arching oaks and elms not even the Btarlight shone. But neither for the darkness nor loneliness cared this young man. With his hands in his pockets he went along at a swinging pace, whistling cheerily. He was very tall; he walked with a swagger. You could make out no more in the darkness. The great house loomed up _ before him, huge, black, grand, a row of lights all along the first floor. The young man stopped his whistling, and looked up with a smile not pleasant to see. "Four years ago," he said, between his teeth, " you flung me from your door like a dog, most noble baronet, and you Bwoie to lodge me in Chesholm jail if I ever presumed to come back. And I swore to pay you off if ever I had a chance. To-night the chance has come, thanks to the girl who jilted me. You're a young man of uncommonly high stomach, my baronet, proud as the deuce and jealous as the devil. I'll give your pride and your jealousy a chance to show themselves to-night." He lifted the massive brass knocker, and brought it down with a clang that echoed through th6 house. Then he began whistling again, watching those lighted, lace-draped windows. " And to think," he was saying in. wardly, " to' think of our little Ethel being mistress here. On fay word it's a lift in life for the soap-boiler's pretty daughter. I wonder what they're all about up there now, and how Inez takes it ? I should think there must have been the dickens to play when she; heard it first." The heavy door swung back, and a dignified elderly gentleman, in black broadcloth and silk stockings, stood gazing at the intruder. The young man stepped from the outer darkness into the lighted vestibule, and the elderly gentleman fell back with a cry. " Master Juan!" " Mister Juan, Hooper, if you please —Mister Juan. William, my * old cockalorum, my last rose of summer, how goes it ? " * He grasped the family butler's hand with a jolly laugh, and gave it a shake that brought tears of torture to its owner's eyes. In the blaze of the hall chandelier he stood revealed,, a big fellow, with eyes and air raven black, and a bold bronzed face. "What, William! friend of my childhood's days, ' none knew thee but to love thee, none named thee but to praise '—not a word of welcome ? Stricken dumb at sight of the prodigal eon! I say! Where's the rest ? The baronet, you know, and my sister, and the new wife and kid? In the diningroom?" " fu the dining-room," Mr. Hopper is but just able / to gasp, and with horror pictured on his face he falls back. "All right, then. Don't fatigue your venerable shanks preceding me. I know the way. Bless you, William, bless you, and be happy!" He bounces up the stairs, this lively young man, and the next instant, hat in hand, stands in the large, handsome, brilliantly lit dining-room. They are still lingering -over the dessert, and with a simultaneous cry, and as if by one impulse, the three start to their feet and stand confounded. The young man Btrikes a tragic theatrical attitude. " Scene—dining-room of the reprobate ' Don Giovanni'—tremulo music, lights half down—enter Btatue of virtuous Don Pedro." He breaks into a rollicking laugh and changes his tone for that of every-day life. " Didn't expect me, did you ? " he says, addressing everybody. " Joyful surprise, isn't it ? Inez, how do ? Baronet, your humble servant. Sorry to intrude, but I've been told my wife is here, and I've come after her, naturally. And here she is. Ethel, my darling, who'd have thought of seeing you at Catheron Royals, an honored guest ? Give us a kiss, my angel, and say gou're glad to see your scrapegrace husband back." ' He strides forward and has her in his arms before anyone could speak. He stoops his black-bearded face *to kiss her, just as with a gasping sob, her golden head falls on his shoulder and she faints dead away. t ILL CHAPTER IV. NOT BELIEVE BUT DE8DEMONA'8 HONEBT." With a cry that is like nothing human, Sir Victor Catheron leaps forward and tears his fainting wife out of the grasp of the black-bronzed, bearded, piratical-looking young man. "You villain I'" he shouts, hoaTse with amaze and fury; " stand back, or by the living Lord I'll have your life! You scoundrel, how dare you lay hands on my wife!" Your wife 1 Yours! Come now, I like tbat! It's against the law of this narrow-minded country for a woman to have two husbands. You're a magistrate and ought to know. Don't call and do keep your temper— violent language is unbecoming a gentleman and a baronet. Inez, what does he mean bv calling Ethel his wife?" " She is hiB wife," Inez answers, her black eyes glittering. " Ob, but I'll be hanged if she is. She's mine—mine hard and fast, by jingo. There's some little misunderstanding here. Keep your temper, baronet, and let us clear it up. ^ married Miss Ethel Dobb in Glasgow, on the 13th of May, two yearo ago. Now, Sir Victor Catheron, when did you marry her." Sir Victor made no answer; his face, as he stood supporting his wife, was ghastly with rage and fear. Ethel lay like one dead; Juan Catheron, still eminently good-humored and selfpoBBeBsed, turned to his Bister: " Look here, Inez, this is how it stands: Miss Dobb was only fiftesn when I met. her first. It was in Scotland. We foil in love with each other; it was the Buddenest case of spoons you ever t>aw. We exchanged pictures, we vowed vows, we did the ' meetmebymoonlightalone' business— you know the programme yourself. The time came to part—Ethel to return to school, I to sail for the China Sea—and the day we left Scotland we went into church and were married. There! I don't -deny we parted at the church door and have never met einoe, but she's my wife, baronet, by Jove! since the first marriage is the legal one.' Come, now! You don't mean to say that you've been and married another fellow's wife. 'Pon my word, you know I shouldn't have believed it of Ethel." " She is reviving," Inez said. She spoke quietly, but her eyes were shining like black stars. She knew her brother for a liar of old, but what if this were true ? what if her vengeanoe were here so soon ? She held a glass of iced champagne to the white lips. " Drink!" she said, authoratively, and Ethel mechanically drank. Then the blue eyes opened, and she stood erect in Sir Victor's arms. "Oh, what is it," she said. " What has happened ? " „ Her eyes fell upon the dark intruder, and with a cry of fear, a shudder of repulsion, her hands flew up and covered her face. " Don't be afraid, my darling," Sir Victor said, holding her close, ana looking with flashing eyes at his enemy; "this coward has told a monstrous falsehood. Deny it, my love. I ask no more, and my servants shall kick Uhim l nout; n l " "Oh, shall they!" said Mr. Cathe- D ; " well, .we'll Bee. Now, Ethel, look here. I don't understand this business, you know. What does Sir Victor mean by calling you his wife ? It isn't possible you've gone and committed bigamy—there must be a mistake. You are my wife, and as such I claim you." " Ethel, you hear that," Sir Victor cried in a voice of agony; "for heaven's ! The sight of this fellow —the sound of his voice is driving me mad. Speak and deny this horrible charge." " She can't," stud Juan Catheron. "lean! I do!" exclaimed Ethel, starting up with flushing face and kindling eyes. "It is a monstrous lie. Victor! 0, Victor, send him away! It isn't true—it isn't, it isn't! " "Hold on, Sir Victor," Mr. Catheron interposed, "let me ask this young lady a question or two. Ethel, do you remember May, two years ago in Scotland ? Look at this picture, it's yours, isn't it ? Look at this ring on my tittle finger; you gave it to me, didn't you? Think of the little Glasgow presbyteiy where we went' through the cere mony, and deny that I'm your husband, if you can." But her blood was up — gentle, yielding, timid, she had yet a spirit of her own, and her share of British "pluck." She faced her accuser like a small, fair-haired lioness, her eyes flashing blue fire. " I do deny it! You wretch, how dare you come here with such a lie!." She turned her back upon him with a scorn under which even he winced. " Victor!" she cried, lifting her clasped hands to her husband, " hear me and .forgive me if you can. I have done wrong—wrong—but I—I was afraid, and I thought he was drowned. I wanted to tell you all—I did, indeed, but papa and mamma were afraid — afraid of losing you, Victor. I told you a falsehood about the photograph—he, that wretch, did give it to me, and—" her face drooped with a bitter sob— "he was my lover then, years ago, in Scotland." " Ah!" quoted Mr. Catheron, " truth is mighty and will prevail ! Tell it, Ethel; the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth." " Silenoe, sir!" Lady Catheron cried, " and don't dare to call me Ethel. I was only fifteen, Victor—think of it, a child of fifteen spending my holidays in Glasgow when I met him. And he dared to make love to me. It amused him for the time—representing himself as a sort of banished prince, a nobleman in disguise. He took my silly, girlish fancy for a time. What did I at fifteen know of love? The day I was to return home we exchanged pictures and rings and he took me out for a last walk. He led me into a solitary chapel, and made me join hands and pledge to be his wife. There was not a soul in the place but ourselves. As we left we met papa. We shook bandB and parted, and until this hour I have never since set eyes on his face. Victor, don't blame mo too much—think what a child I was—remember I was afraid of him. The instant he was out of my sight I disliked him. He wrote to me —I never answered his letters, except once, and then it was to return his, and tell him to trouble me no more. That is all. 0, Victor! don't look like that! I am sorry. I am sorry. Forgive me or I shall die." (To be continued.) 