" church Servioea. christ ohuroh. a*. — Tn tho morning tTio tistisl aervico at Christ: rhurch was conducted by the Kar. E Undda of St. Saviour's Church, Fiteroy. The ctmgregation was fair when taking into consideration tho wintry aspect of the weather, although the gathering was not Urge. Tho irentloman delivered a poworful and titefesting discourse, occasional flashes of llnnuenco mating Ihd. sermon vary accopthlo to his hearers. He clioao for. his text Bixth verso of the third chaptor of Provorb?,—" In all thy ways acknowledge Win and ho shall direct thjr paths. There woro many ways of preaching the gospel of Christ many UBing the aid of eloquence and declamation in produoing tho sensational, whiio otliors seemed to wbispor the divine truths from underneath the cloak „( humility, oftimes reaohing the hearers ■S 7 ml meseago from Heaven still their aim was the same to Ih0w people the right way. Yet how many choso the broad way that led to destruction, while very few achieved the horitage to walk in the narrow way. We should aoinowledgo God in all our ways—we must determine on Bome sort of belief—but only from the Bible could we gather tho divine principles of true religion, God's word was the rock on whioh to build. How often the echoes of the past reminded us of the mother's prayers—of the home example, " Train up a child in tho way he should go and when ho is old he will not dopart from it." Oh 1 then lot there be charity in all our transactions'with others. There was the path of childhood and youth. All - young people required direction and instruction. Then camo tho path of responsibility on which all had to pass, and when the powers of the mind were brought into forcible notion, and when tho hand of God was ever ready to direct. Then tho path of prosperity, temptation and trial-we wanted to bo steadfast, never yielding to the illusions that ambition ovor held up to our view. _ In conolUBion the preaoher urged on his hearers .the necessity of ohoosing the narrow way, without divergence. The narrow way had all the roal happiness, all the real joys, all the bliss which springs from the Redeemor'a love. What a sublime beauty surrounded the Iifo that directly chose the narrow path. Tho broad path with its myriad temptations was swept from view—and all along the narrow way blessings lingered but to bless with the everlasting kiss of peace. At the evening service the Rev. E. Rodda preached from tho 3rd 4th and 5th verses, 6th chapter Romans. '• And not only bo, but wo glory in tribulation also ; knowing that tribulation worketh patience." And patience experience, and experience hope." And hops maketh not ashamed, because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us." Tho preacher opened his subject by stating that there were many ways of presenting the truth to tho people—some used novelty and other different attractions, In order to attract those who always wanted a change. Some peoplo grumbled at the same thing over and over again. There was no doubt that cheerfulness, good music, and floral decorations wero very advantageous to public worship in the present day. livery Sunday ought to bo an improvement on the past Sunday. Wo should keep moving on. We must go nearor God or go farther from him. We should examine our position daily in order to find out how we {stood. A man who was heedless of life and just allowed it to pass on without a struggle to improve it was not a man in the true sense of the word. The visitation of trouble only taught us how to fight them. Character should bo protected with ovory attribute of tho mind. Although years might pass away, yet tho finger of Gcorn was liable to arise in the future and point back, " Ah I you did so and so "? Character should be dearer to us than our lives ; it should be our chief aim to keep it unsullied, Nobility of character was one of tho beautiful gems of life that we should strivo for. If we cast ourselves faithfully . into tho hands of God, life would be much easier. Some pesple thought the possession of wealth or high position ought to bring happiness, but real happiness sprung from true roligion. Perfection was like a ladder let down from heaven. We had to commence at the bottom rung and when wo had reached tho topmost we should have perfection, but it was in heaven. W e lpust not! become fossilised. The religion of fifteen years ago was no use to us to day. We shouldjcontinually live in the present, always following in the footsteps of the Saviour. Hope was tho bright star that shed an influence on every life—without hopo life would be unbearable—and to die without hope would bo darkness indeed. But hope beyond tho grave was the riohest heritage. Was any soldier or sailor the worse of being a christian 1 They wero the bravest of tho brave. Whon a dangerous position had to'be token in tho Indian Mutiny the general issued tho order, " Send for Havelock's Saints.1' Never should wo be ashamed of Jesus, Be asliamed of the devil, if ye would. Glory in the oross of Christ, glorify God in all our works, and at last we Bhould find ourselves in heaven. 