An Intimation from the Unseen \ World. j A Remarkable Dream. LORD BROUGHAM in his life and times, written by himself, gives the following story : A most remarkable thing happened to me-so remarkable that I must tell the story from the beginning. After I left the High School (in Edinburgh) I went with G-, my most intimate friend, to attend tho classes in the University. There was no divinity class, but we frequently in our walks discussed and speculated upon many grave subjects, among others on the immortality of the soul and on a future state. This question and the possibility, I will not say of ghosts walking, but of the dead ap- pearing to the living, were subjects of much speculation, and we actually committed the folly of drawing up an agreement, written with our own blood, to the effect that whichever of us died first should appear; to the other, and thus solve any doubt we had * entertained of the "life ' after death." After we had finished our classes at the college, G-went to India,, having got an appointment there in the Civil Service.; He seldom wrote to me, and after the lapse of a few-years "I had almost forgotten him. Moreover, his family . having little connection with Edinburgh, I seldom saw or heard anything of them or of him- through them, so that all ' the old schoolboy intimacy had died out, and I had nearly for- gotten his existence. I had taken a warm bath", and while in it and en- joying the comfort of the heat after the late freezing I had undergone, I moved my head round towards the' chair, on which I had de- posited my clothes, as I was about to get out of the bath. On the chair sat G-, looking - calmly at me. How I got out of "the bath I know not, but on recovering my- senses I found myself sprawling on the floor. The apparition, or, whatever it was, that had taken the likeness of, G^--, had disappeared. The' vision pro- duced such a shock that I had no inclination to , talk about it, .or, .to speak about it, even to Stuart ; but the impression made upon me was too vivid to be easily forgotten, ; and so strongly w«s I afiectedT by it that! .I haye here written down the whole history, with the date December, 19 and all the .particulars as, they are now fresh to me. No doubt I. had fallen asleep, and , that the appear-; ance presented "so distinctly, to my eyes was a dream I cannot for a moment, . doubt. - For years I,: had no communication with G-; nor had there been anything ito recal him to;, my recollection. . Nothing: had taken place during our Swedish1 travels, either connected with G pr ; ^anyi-. meniber - of his . family. I recollected quickly enough our old discussion, and the, bargain we had made. I could not .discharge from my mind the impression that G must have died, and that his appear-' ance to me was to be received by me às a proof pf a future estate. : : < , This incident happened on Decem- ber 19,1779. In October, 1862, Lord Brougham added as a postscript fc-; '. I have just been copying,out from my journal , the account of the strange dream, : * certissima - mortis imago,'and now to finish the: story begun about sixty years since. Soon af ter my return to Edinburghs there arrived a letter from India announc- ing G-'s death, and stating that he died on the 19th December." 