The Situation. The Dibbs Ministry, thongh. dead, cannot yet be said, in one sense at least, to have altogether given up the ghost. From that political spiritland to which it has been consigned it at any rate to ?write, touching the fate by which it was overtaken. It is understood that Sir Geobge Dibbs has drawn up a document of porten tous length, which is to be forwarded 'to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, detailing the whole of the circumstances which led up to the resignation of his Ministry. It is also rumored, and the rumors may very well-- be credited, that in the document in question the ex-Premier strongly protests against the action of the Governor 'in respect of the now notorious matter of the proposed appointments to the Legislative Council. Report further states that Sir George Dibbs, with a somewhat grotesque inversion of the . relative bearings of the case, poses as an indignant champion of constitutional rights, which are represented as having been outraged by Sir Robert Duff. It will certainly' be interesting to learn by-and-bye how Sir Geobge Dibbs will try to make out each a plea, or by what ingenious paradoxes he can endeavor to sustain it. He has really no argumentative ground to stand upon. And as this is a position in which the special adjust ment of facts to arguments can hardly be attempted with any show of success, it is difficult to imagine how the ex-Premier will conduct his attack or defence, whichever it may be con sidered. In connection with the in tended appointments there lias, as might be 'expected, been a very dili gent and exhaustive search after : precedents, and illustrative instances going on all round. The result is a mass of evidence which is absolutely conclusive in establishing the fact that Sir Geobge Dibbs' s meditated action with regard to the Legislative Council was a most unconstitutional procedure. Judged by Titb conduct fl-^ through where such appointments have been concerned his theory with respect to them appears to have been equally un warranted by any principle ever upheld by any constitutional statesman, in any British community. In djxect opposi tion to the idea of the Upper Chamber being meant as a legislative balance, to 'be used in the interests of the country, Sir Geobge Dibbs has,, it .is clear, persistently acted on the .notion that the Upper House is an institution which is to be workett for strictly party purposes — for party advantages -pure and simple. Hence Jus almost open advertisement to his friends and backers that, if they desired to attain it, such a haven awaited them, so long as he could, have a say as to who should enter. Meanwhile, the Ministerial stage being happily cleared at last of those who so long usurped it, the most serious question which has to be considered is that as to the political actors who are now to £11 the leading parts. Nothing on such a subject can how ever be definitely said till that meeting of the freetrade party which Mr. Reid nas called for this afternoon shall have taken place. In determining that such a meeting should be an indispensable' preliminary to any effort on his part to form a cabinet, Mr. Reid must be admitted to have adopted a course which is highly com mendable, and. which should further entitle him to the confidence and re spect of the side with which he has been so long and so honorably identi fied. It has, indeed, been objected from certain quarters, and from authorities which, it may at once be added, are fully entitled to respectful attention, that Mr. Reid should have at once set about the task with -which he was entrusted b*y his Excellency the Governor, and not have, his action regulated and as it were fettered by the decision of a sort of caucas. But on the contrary it is to be thought that Mr. Reid has ex hibited a much more correct apprecia tion of what his duty is than any of the critics who have so kindly volun teered their guidance in that direction. In recognising that the party which is to uphold freetrade in the coming Parliament contains a number of new men, he has wisely decided that they shall be called together without delay. His idea as to the meeting is equally suggestive of modesty and good sense, and will it is to be hoped- receive its fitting - reward. So far he has proved an able and conscientious leader of his party, and will no doubt show himself as trustworthy and capable in a position of still greater responsibility. It is to be regretted that Sir Henry Parkes has exhibited so much readiness to play the part of unfriendly critic towards Mr. Reid. The elected leader of the in possession of the Governor's commission to form a Ministry before Sir Henry Parkes proceeded to criticise him unfavorably.. This in any case would be bad taste. It is particularly ungracious and mrfqir at such a time, ?when the ex- Premier could be but im- . perfectly informed of the facts of the l situation. Sir Henry Parkes seizes on the fact of a meeting of the freetrade party having been ap pointed for this afternoon. How imperfectly informed Sir Henry Parkes has been in, this matter is evident from the statement he made to a reporter that ' It is a meeting of the freetrade party ? without Sir Henry Parkes ;' and he added, ' They invited me to Mr. Reid's banquet, but they exclude me from their caucus meeting.' This is entirely incorrect. In common with all other members of the party, Sir Henry Parkes was invited, but the circular had evidently not reached Viim at the time, nor was it likely to reach him or anyone else until this morn ing. Sir Henry was thus altogether too hasty in his remarks. Still more -wide of the mark is his observation that ' The Governor's commission is to be dragged before some party, and their verdict taken as to how the commission is to be performed — in other words that the Government is to be constructed by caucus.' This is a gratuitous misrepresentation of the situation. If Sir Henry Parkes had not been in such haste to pick at Mr. Reid, and had waited until he received his circular, he would have seen that the meeting of the party, to which he and the other members are invited, has nothing whatever to do with the Governor's commission. Hjb lament about the ' shattering of our political institutions' is, so far as this afternoon's meeting is concerned, something very like bathos. One thing he said which should interest his friends and opponents alike. He ?will ' never take office again.' If the situation between China and Japan be not a state of real war, it at all events seems to be an uncommonly near imitation of such a thing. We hear of the capture of a Chinese gun boat by the Japanese, and of the sink ing of a Chinese transport on board of ?which were 1700 men. All of these, except 40, who were saved by a French gunboat, are said to have perished. If first blood count for anything, so very clear an equivalent for a most copious drawing of it, as it is to be recognised in the ' drowning of over 1600 of their enemies, must very naturally have elated the Japanese. Stall it appears that 'the two nations have not ceased negotiating for some mutually satisfactory, arrangement with respect to Corea. The fact that Russia, too, is having a say in the matter, . and .that her in fluence will evidently, be thrown in in favor of China, must, in the event of a continuance of hostilities, of course very greatly discount' the chances of ultimate success for the ? Japanese however promising a start they may have made. 