A SENSATION. " Step into my private office when yon are at liberty. Sir Bennett; I would like to speak with you," The request was made in terse, authoritative tones, familiar enough to everv man in the editorial department of the paper as those of Mr Priest, the managing eaifcor—an nndersized, fossy little chap, with hair prematurely grey, tiny sharp eyes like a ferret's, and enormous ears that seemed designed by nature to catch all the news there was adrift. The latter organ he had a peculiar fashion of moving backwards when excited or interested—a mulish mannerism which had earned him varioa.3 nicknames. " Yes. sir ; be there in fire minutes," amwered Bennett. Then he added sotio voce, " Wonder what the deuce is op now! Some idiot's been complaining about a report, of course." With this reflection the young man resumed his screed. At last the column of fiction, upon which he had expended a great deal of energy, was handed over to the city editor, and an instant later Bennett had disappeared dovn the passage to confer with his chief. " Wonder whit Priest wants with him ?" said Godfrey, one of the stars of the staff, who had acquired local fame by virtue of a series of " beats " during bia four months of service with the P»P«- " ' ' v- "May be going to an tardy justice Sad raise his salary," said O'DeH, the court, man, rather cynically. " Did you see Priest's ears ?" asked little Davis, the junior member of the staff. "They stood straight out, and there's something in the air, sure." At this moment a messenger entered to : inform Godfrey that he, too, was wanted in the managerial sanctum, whereat the garrulous little Davis at once urged the correctness of his surmise that an unusual " something " was transpiring behind the figured glass doors of the editorial room. " Sit down, Bennett," snapped the editor, as the young man entered. Priest was one of the class of men who seem to find their way into positions of influence and authority on newspapers without difficulty. He was not a writer, and, in fact, could hardly construct a sentence correctly. He lacked most of the elements naturally supposed to be indispensable to success in such a place ; but Priest had other qualifications, added to a good nose for news, which appealed more strongly to the stockholders of the paper. Chief among them was his ability to play int j the hands of the business office, hold dom writers 1 salaries to the minimum and curtail the expenses of his department generally. There were literary brains enough to be got for very little money, ciever writers on any and ah topics of the day, bat men of the Priest pattern were scarce. The air of the managing editor, as he motioned Bennett to a seat, was preoccupied. He was always preoccupied when spoken to or approached by any but the business manager. Then he was obsequious. His manner now said, as plainly as words could have said it-, " You are nsy subor mate and must be duly impressed with the dignity of my position." After gazing for some moments, with an appearance of deep thought, at a social item of utter unimportance, which had slipped in among his correspondence by mistake, Mr Prie-t dropped the little slip of paper into his capacious waste basket, swung round in his chair and faced Jack Bennett. " Mr Bennett, Fin going to detail you on an important piece of business," he " Yes, sir,™ replied Bennett, with a becoming show of interest. "You know, Mr Bennett," continued the chief, " all the main facts regarding the counterfeit five-doliar bills which have flooded the city daring the last few months." " I believe I am tolerably familiar with the matter, sir." " The fact is, Bennett," and the lictle man's ears began to oscillate with increasing rapidity, " the fact is that every detective in the city has worked on this case for weeks at a time. They have all failed, and the search has been practically abandoned. The police acknowledge themselves beaten, Bennett." The editor brought his hand down on the arm of the chair with an emphatic thump. Then he leaned forward as to give weight, to his words. Now, then, J have always held that a good reporter i3 the best detective in the world. Yon have done some very good work for the paper, Bennett—very good, indeed. You will take this case. Devote your whole time to it, follow np every conceivable cine, ran these fellows to earth, and—well, if yon succeed, it will make k a difference in your salary. Yon will take any oilier man of the local staff yon may desire to assist yon. I should suggest Godfrey. He's a bright fellow, quite up to the work, £ shoold think." " i think Godfrey is the light man, sir," answered B e n n e t t . — * ' Godfrey entereSTa moment later in xesponse to a summons by telephone. The nature of the business on which he •ns detailed was explained to him, and ±beK bothmen were dismissed with the injunction to do their best. The task set these two reporters was •by no means an easy one. Detectives, and reputably smart oneS? had worked on the counterfeiting lewe" for months Jbnt, as the editor said, no doe, however faint, had been found to the makers of due base five-dollar notes. A week after he had been detailed on the matter Jack Bennett eat lounging in an arm- chair at his rooms, examining one of Hie spurious bills for the hundredth time. He had just succeeded, with the aid of Godfrey, in ennning dowa a cine, wh'ch, like a dozen other supposed does, bad proven false. A week is A long time in a newspaper office, and Bennett was beginning to chafe at his want of success in finding a Single thread to work on. «A bad beginning—* deaced bad beptuning," he mused. Taking a cigar from Ids again minutely examined the counterfeit. It was almost perfect A slight difference perhaps in die texture of the paper between this And the genuine bill, bat , the lettering was clear and exact, the ink blade and the printing without a flaw. Hone but an expert could have discerned the frand. Then Bennett fell to linking of THIS investigation, whicfr find BO fiar prored; profitless. Sometimes he had dj^fct^ Godfrey was jealomB-cStiuj preoedenee jpren another m the cin. Sometimes his madmnm and soggestions seemed ialf fcotffed.Still there pro times wi#* J» W JwwMJ/ anxious to hunt down a newly discovered cine. There was no donbt «F the man's ability. Godfrey had worked op two or three affairs single handed in a manner that proved hint a thoroughly capable man, and yet there was eomenhing abaut his efforts to ran down these counterfeiters that 3eemed bat half sincere. Little was known of Godfrey in the office. He floated ia on the boom tide, just when a good man was badly needed. Jim Dumald, one of the best men Kansas City ever saw, had succumbed to the effects of six years' continuous work in the same chair, and was, at the time of Godfrey's advent, a hopeless paralytic in a sanitarium somewhere in the central part of the state. The poor fellow imagined he had purchased a controlling interest in the stocfc of two railroads and a steamship company. Of course every one was sorry for Durnald, But in a newspaper office there is very little room for sentiment. Jim was " out of the running," and it <ms necessaiy to get a man in his place at once When Godfrey applied for the job, Fawcett, the city editor, put him on, and it took but a few days to demonstrate tha: a first rate all-around man had been secured. Bennett thought over his associations with the new man aud could find no reason for complaint. Mentally resolving, however to adopt a new line nfraaaarchon the following day, he was about to retire ir-iran * knock at the door startled him. 3t was the sharp wrapping of some one in a hurry. " Jack—say. Jack ! Get up and let me in, old feilow!" cried the outsider. Bennett recognised the voice as that of young Davis. He walked to the door, turned the key, and and threw it open. *• Why, Davis, what is the rosr ?" he exclaimed. " You look as if you had seen a ghost]" For the junior member of the staff was very pale and rery much excited. Davi3 assumod an air which told plainly that he had a disclosure to make The youngster dre v up a chair, lighted one of Bennett's cigars and replied to his friend's query with the cool question,— " How are you getting on with the case, Bennett ?" " Wi.at case ?" " Come, old chap," went on the youth, " I haven't been in this business as Ion? as you have, but I have learned eaiu^h to pick up a piece of news before I fall over it." *' Well, what have you picked op mw ?'' asked Bennett, rather disconcerted by the peculiar manner of his colleague. Havis pitched his hat into a corner, stuffed both hands deep dos-n into his trousers pockets, and with an air of qaiet assurance proceeded. " What I came here for at this unearthly hour of the night wa; to put you on the right tack and help you capture those 'queer' pushers. "You are all wrong," said the lad with peculiar emphasis on the last three words. " Look here, Davis, what are you driving at ? An4 Bennett rose to his feet. " Oh, now, don't treat me like child !" interposed the otjier indignantly. " I'm onto the whole game. You are working on this counterfeiting story, and Godfrey's working with you—that is. he is supposed to be. Am right ?'* " Suppose you are right — what then ?" said Bennett, guardedly. " Wh-t then ?" cried Davis, sitting bolt upright, "'why, just what I said bsfore. \on're on the wrong lay, clear off the scent, I tell you. Look here, Bennett," he continued in an excited voice, " I've been working on this thing for two months. There is a thousand dollars reward offered for the capture of the gang, don't you see, and what I want is the reward." Bennett could not repress a smile The vanity of this youngster amused him immensely ; but Davis was a bright sort of little chap, aud a fellow couldn't help liking him. " I've followed up eveiy clue," he went on. " Hundreds of them have amounted to nothing, but I tell you. Bennett," and the Ial'a face flushed with the excitement he felt, " I'm onto the whole deal now. I'd bet my life against a dollar that I can run these fellows to earth in a couple ot days." Bennett was interested now, and he was never wider awake in his life than when, taming sharp round on his heel, he pushed the excited junior member into a chair and took np a position before him. "Out with it now! What do you now 7" he said somewhat fiercely. The lad shrugged his shoulders as a man will who is sure of his position, and replied calmly— ' Well, turn about is fair play. What do you know 1** ' To be frank with yon. r <SMc-jvered nothing. The whole case looks just as blank as it did a week ago, when £ was put on it," answered Bennett. "That's what I thought," said the youth. " Now, 131 tell yoa something. It's not altogether fame I'm after in this thing, Bennett.' I need that one thousand dollar3- Laugh, if you like. Laugh your head off. The fact remains that if I had Hie thousand dollars Pd get married in less than no time." " A laudable idea, my boy—jveiy fine, laughed Bennett. "Er—who is the ladv?" " Dolly Taylor, of Omaha. Sweetest little girl in the world. I have known her all mf life—went to high school with her—know all about her, and love bar all the more the more J know of her. There are only two in the family—just Dolly and her mother. There's brother, somewhere, but he's the black sheep of the family—been in some bad scrapes, I'm told, but they never mention bim. The father's dead, yoa know and it's a case of highly respectable poverty. Well, to cut it short, that thousand dollars would come ia awfully bandy, uid I never miss a chance, Bennett. W31 yon help me to cany ibis thing out t Gin me the money, and yaatafceftegloiy- Willyoudoitr " Yes, yea," repliedthe other hastily. "Nowtellme&estoiy;,*' " I bad better bqgin with Hit jgptpt important fact," end Davis, deliberately tuning over the leaves of his note book. "Bereis tfap entry. It is dated just thnse hours ago. ft nptfrfifce this r—• «Godfrey is the comttafeiter* * "Eh! Why, what thedflooe! . By George, yoa us crusj. Godfrey, one of the best aS- nxmd newspaper men in the West, * member of tihusgang? Oh, earn* Dans, Ols ia all rob—utter idiocy" and Bennett bqgm tp pKe f|p floor Instil/* 71yn lug went on, as though arguing the proposition in his own mind. u Still, I don't know, either. There have been one or two queer things—" He glanced at Dam. That young gentleman bad placidly cloeed his notetook, and was waiting for his friend to calm down. Go on with your story," said Bennett. " It was quite by chance," Davis rethat I got my cine. I was down at Schaef. r's place to-night looking np a piece of news, when there was a row at the bar. A. swell-looking chap had tried to ring a fl»sh five on Bill, the bar-tender. Bill had him by the scruff of the neck, and was going to tend for the police. The man protested violently that he was all right, and offered a large roll of bills in evidence ; bat Bill was obdurate, and there would have been a pinch all right if something hadn't turnei np in the nick of time. Now, what do you think happened ?" " Give it np." "Just then Godfrey stepped over from one of the billiard taVes cool as you please, shook hands with the man, swore to the bar-tender that he was all right, and asked Hill as a personal favor not to disgrace him by arrest. You know Godfrey is shams with every detective and patrolman in the town, and Bill knew him well as the police reporter of our pap*r. The upshot of the thing was that he just turned the swell loose and apologise 1. The tatter laughed at the adventure, bought drinks ior .aU the loafers, and everybody forgot it. What impmsMd m« was the expression of the man's face. You never in your life saw an innocent man go so white." " Well, what then ?" "I kept my eye on the chap, and pretty soon he got over to the table where Godfrey was still playing billiards. They had a brief talk, and, as soon as the game was over, Godfrey went out a'ooe. There was a big crowd in the place, and he had not seen me. I had a mind at first to follow him, but on second thoughts de'ermined to shadow the other fellow. In a few moments l>e went out, too. I was on the other side of the street in a j<ff». He went through the front door of Harper's place on Topeka-street, and I was after him like a shot. As I entered the front door he disappeared through the back door into the alley. Toere was no one looking. and like a flash I seized the nigger's coat from the wall, threw it over my shoulders and wa'ked out into tbe alley. My hat wa* pulle 1 over my eyes and even Dolly wouid not have known me" "Well?" cried Bennett, who was now visibly agitated. "Well I found them there. They were talking in the shadow of the building, and of course I did not dare stop My object was to find them together. That settled tbe thing in my mind, but I fallowed farther to make sure. I've tracked them to Godfrey's room, and now I know enough to justify a raid." " You confounded young 'uu! gasped the excited Bennett, " I believe you're smarter than the lot of ns. Hang me, if I don't believe you're right!" Bight!" exclaimed the youth in a sort of shriek. Of course s'm right. Why, man, don't you see the game- Godfrey's, I mean? He's a crack jack at the business. Knows something about newspaper work, makes application for a job and gets the very ran he most wants—police. He works hard, is good writer, gets in with all the detectives and patrolmen, and he knows just about what they are alt doing. Why, he even travelled round with them working on this very case. Bight!" addel the excited young sleuth, panting for breath. " Why, it's the greatest graft on earth, and the grafter, like Ctesar's wife, above suspicion." When would you suggest making the arrest asked Bennett. " Godfrey will be alone in his room after midnight. We must manage it alone—ns two. If the police make the capture we shall lose both the credit and the reward. The room ia Number Twenty, top floor of the Perry block. It must be done to-morrow night. If anything scares these chaps, it'll be all day with our plans." " To- mirrow, then," said Bennett " Be here at ten o'clock, sharp, and we can arrange details then. I'll take care of Godfrey daring the day, and you keep out of sight Fow skip out and go to bed. We need a rest before tackling this job. Oh, by the way, bring a gun with yon! *' he concluded. The cuckoo clock on Bennett's mantle cackled two as Davis left the apartment. At a quarter past twelve Fawcett, the city editor, sat lolling in his spring chair, having one of those little breathing spells that come rarely to a city man on morning paper. A sudden, almost cyclone, rush into the local room brought Fawcett np standing in an ins taut. The new Bennett. Blood was trick ing from a long scratch on hie face, and his clothing gave evidence that he was fresh from an encounter. "Whatis it Bennett?" asked the city editor, scenting a sensation. "Got "em," answered the other, briefly, grasping a tab of paper. "Got the leader of the gam; like a rat in a trap. It's Godfrey. We've tied him np, and Davis is standing over him with a gun. "What!" shrieked Fawcett, and then recovering himself, " Great Scott 1 Hot stuff, old man! Get right at it! Bennett's pencil began to fly swiftly over the paper. "The gang of counterfeiters, whose shrewdness has proved too much forthe best detectives in the country, have at last been run to earth. Tbe details of the capture, and the events leading np to it, furnishes one of the most remarkable pages ia criminal history." Hie rest of the story was never written. The half covered page of copy was torn from Bennett's band. He , looked np angrily, for time was short There, ghastly pile, and trembling from bead to foot, stood Davis. " Come oat quick!" he gasped. Bennett rushed after him to the elevator. They entered the car just as Fawcett called to Bennett to rash np this copy. In Heaven's name, what's tbe matter ? " cried Bennett, excitedly. Bnt Davis only gasped for breath, «od pnllpd tin other out of the lift towards the street fjoor. Onn In the Btreet he spoke. ** Jack, yoa most not mite that story. I—I're let the fellow go." "What!" «Fv» let bim go, I tell you. For Cfo4*«wb,<bm% write 4tw*loiy, Jack. Ife my etory, and yon shan't write it!" as Beanatt faeritated before replying After we'd tied tbe : s ypp dfflTP Jlflfi^ write the etoiy, I saw a girl's picture on the table. I believe my blood almost froze ia my veins as I looked at it. for the picture was of her ! It was Dolly's photograph—don't you see ? The mans her brother—the scapegrace, the ragaboad—the—tlw—" Bennett was undergoing a struggle— terrible struggle. If b< wrote the story, he would deserve to be kicked all the way to the Pacific coast. If he didn't write it he would certainly be kicked out of the office. It was Davis who got the story. Be knew that well. Yet the paper would never recognise such an excuse. The faces of the twain shrae wbite in the lights of the street lamp. Davis was watching his companion eagerly. 'Yon won't write it, Jack?" be begged almost piteously. " No, old chap, I won't, not If the whole press of the conntiy turns its bask on me. Come, youngster, we've got to shake this town. It's too hot to hold as." At daybreak, next morning, two unkempt fellows boarded a Chicago train at a way station ten utiles from Kansas City. The morning paper c interned a garbled story about a capture and a daring e?cape, but the < nly two men who knew the inside of the aff >ir were speeding East-ward as fast as steam could carry them. The whole affair was a great sensation in newspaper circles, and there were a gotd many theories evolved to account for the extraordinary behavior of certain absentees. Bribery was freely hinted at, bnt them were those who knew that something more than money bad prompted Bennett to throw np the biggest beat of the year. Little Priest swore pompously that he would b'acklis; both men in every newspaper office in America, but despite the threat Bennett is now one the most valued men m New York, while little Davi- has grown into a big, strapping fellow. He is the sporting editor of a Chicago daily, and his wife is a pretty little girl whose name was Dolly Taylor, and her residence Omaha. 