(Published iby Speciali Arrangement with SMessrs. Ward, Look, and Bowoon, Lta.) THE STORY OF HAROLD MOUNTSTUART'S LIFE. CHAPTER XI.- (Continued).. Convinced that the grip of his pas sion was. permanent, I- wrote him an imploring letter, which he answered in a hopeless yet kindly strain. This letter of mine I.composed at Dyan dott", and on the very day' it was sealed and forwarded I had assured myself that my feat of brewing the poison would be as effectual as if per formed'by the trustiest expert. Nicotine is a poison rarely found in the flagons of .professional chemists. It is an oily and colourless fluid when pure, and is one of the volatile alka loids, like hemlock, piturie, or spar teine. I found its manufacture some what troublesome, especially as I wished to guard against having too strong fumes from.the tobacco whence I derived it escape among the servants of the household. Alcohol and other, as I soon learned, will dissolve nico tine in every proportion, and on dis tilling such solutions we perceive that nicotine goes over first. With hydro chloric, nitric, and a few other similar acids, it does not readily crystal lise, but with tartaric and oxalic acid, it will join to form white crys talline salts, of which oxalate of nico tine is soluble in alcohol.' From this salt, the best for such a purpose, I .re generated nicotine in a pure state. It pleased me to discover that the poison had very. seldom been known as an employed means of murder. Accident explains nearly all the fatalities which have resulted from it. Criminal cases, however, have occurred. A famous one was that of the killing of M. Fougnies by Count Bocarm6 and his wife.. The count made an actual study of chemistry in order to prepare the alkaloid with his own hands. He slew his victim, but in a most bung ling stylo. Though death was almost immediate, he endeavoured to hide every trace, of his crime by pouring strong acetic acid into the mouth and over the body of the corpse. Count Bocarm6 was executed, I. believe, for this very clumsy proceeding-one whoso dunce.like awkwardness might better have doomed him to the most refined species of torture. There had also been a few suicides from nicotine, and here the. archives of its injuries ended. One fact, how ever, stimulated and pleased me. The best authorities in toxicology, when treating of nicotine, admitted that its presence in the body of a human being . supposed to have died from its effects was excessively hard to find, provided this person had been a confirmed s smoker. All through the remainder of the winter, and well past the beginning of the spring, I refrained from going to Graydon Hall. My uncle also re frained from coming up to London, and*finally wrote me in terms that for him had an almost affootionate ring. Why had I not paid him a visit, and would'I not shortly forsake town dis tractions for this purpose, even if my. stay wore a very brief one ? Then followed a dreary little confession of his own increased discomforts. A nor vous dread had come upon him, a dread of which he was keenly ashamed, and yet one to which he dared not do otherwise than yield, He had been seized by it quite suddenly; he shivered with fright at the thought of entering a railway train, 'Dr. Strangford is no longer here,' he * wrote, ' and an older and much wiser man has taken his place, This Dr. ICneoland assures me that my * curious fear of travel has before now drifted into his protossional ken, He desires me to place myself unrostriot .edly beneath his treatment, and I need not touch upon a certain stringont de tail of his medial advieoo. In this respout, Harold, I feel that it is too late for me to mend, Mending might indeed mean death to me at my time of life and in my relatively enfeebled stat6, Already I am beset by fits of the severest deprossion, and those queer fainting attaoks, of which you witnaessd aneolu your own chambers, are now far more frequent than over before. Such a short time ago I had uanlms of nvy whoen I thought how proud wns my brother'i fortune and position compared with my own. Here I am, possessed of both, the roeigning master of this magnifloent horitge ; and yot my shattered noeves and my fahling vitality rob the mastership of every grateful thrill. Through those lofty, rooms' and corrldors move the ghosts of my brother Malcolm, of ill. fitod gortonu, of poor, woreafateud Blanoho., In my dark moods I keeoop asking myself if my doom may not ilftly follow theirs, Thoen are perlhaps but the cobwebs that fancy spins, yet I find thorn strangely stubborn I the * bosom of rbason is powerless to brush thorem away,'. Brooding over those despondent llnd',. I saw in theom the very ehance that I desired, It was now nearly a year sliido ]ianoho .had died. What iseo ill waiting longoer And yet I 'would willingly wait, if nature gave Sevidenoo of oonri beoormng my abettr., Poasibly alhe had alroady numnbered '.my unoao's days, and Il no I would very gladly join issue with hur, (and rotiro, aun it wore, in doforonoo to hor noeator tacticla S.It was high timo, however, I con eludted, that Graydon Hall should see eomothlng more of rme. Anrd a few dlays later I departed thither, carry ing oarofilly on my porson a small but wollflllod flnelt of whoso contents no one living could possibly have boon aware save myeolt. OOn fAT'IH XII. Onmo nmore I: looked at the lovOly homo of myr anoostors. whlo Sprtng hiad dowered wit?h: emerald largess its lawns and; treos. But the weather was raw and rainy on my arrival, and so continued for a dreary week. I had expected, to~ find. Uncle. Oecil in gloomieir spirits because of the incle ment skies, but here I was mistaken, for:the relative brightness of his bear ing really roused my wonder. 'It charms me to. find you so, much better than I had expected after your grey-tinted accounts of yourself,' I told him. 'Truljy,' he answoered, .' I believe it's your coming, Harold.' 'That's delightful to hear.' 'But you see,' he pursued, ' what a wreck I look.' 'Not at all,' I said, lying to him withl my sweetest smile.. For a wreck he certainly did look, and his dull eyes and sunken cheeks had told their instant story. He still persisted in smoking, though not with the excess of former times. My presence, as I soon noted, had truly wrought in him this flickering and fever ish kind of change. But I had scarcely been more than a day at the Hall than it grew plain to me that his rather droll regard for myself had effectod only superficial results. Pri vately to talk with him was to observe in what inky dyes of sadness he had become steeooped. I made my own manners brim with cheerfulness, though all the while I was narrowly watching him and striving to decide whether he had not fallen into one of those ruts of nervous hypochondria where many an invalid has stayed for two or even three decades without dying. Angus still remained at Oleave Lodge with his hateful playmates. But Edna and Miss Hamsdell were her'e at the Hall, neither in the least an onlivening associate. It struck me, after a while, that Edna had grown more disagreeable than.ever. For hours I would not see her at all, and 'when she appeared at meals the rain and east winds outside seemed typified in her orabbed de meanour. 'You've worked such an improve ment in papa,' she said to me with one of her acid smiles, 'that you roealljy ought to take up your abode at Graydon. Perhaps he'll make a will, leaving everything to you, and out off poor Angus and me with a shilling. Am I not right ?' she added, appealing suddenly to Miss Ramsdell. 'Oh, Miss Edna ' This was' all the meek-eyed com: panion ever said in reply to these or any other speeches of an equally sneering sort. She appeared cowed into utter submission, though now and then I thought her mild gaze met my own with a furtive rebellious gleam. Words of any kind were so rare on her lips that the very sound of her voice was unfamiliar to me. 'If I could pity anybody,' I said to myself, 'it would be this bullied and sat-upon young woman, who clearly does not dare hold her head up lest this little scrawniy, black-browed ogress snap it off.' I bore in most smiling fashion with all Edna's acerbities. It was quite aut of my line of nation to squabble with her. A mosquito would have been a much more respectable assailant, since that could infliot a positive sting and was sometimes very hard'to kill. My cousin, it was true, might be just as hard to kill (in the safe fashion I should aim for), but her bito and her buzz were alike innocuous to either my nerves or flesh, With all her faults, Edna was not a bad daughter, Unole Cecil's doeclin ing health worried her, and she would often try to do him little services which he received with a bored air, 'Edna,' he said to me one day, 'is a thorn in my flesh. Already she has made herself immensely unpopular with several of the country families here in Derbyshire. She is now old enough to play the o/,atlai'ne with some sort of doecent success; but she seems, instead, to do nothing except watch the chanoe of using her tongue as though it were a pair of nippors.,' Not long after, this, Edna's hostility ;to myself was augmented by a re. markr of her father's, He madeit at dinner, and in a vein of careless irony. I had just aided him with some rather. tangled accounts, and hence had given him marked relief, 'You're an in valuable nephew,' he said, with un-· wonutod levity, 'It's a pity. you're not my next of kii, for you've a head on your shoulders worth any Mounutetuart's, I know. It would be an excellent idea to mako you my hior, just for the general safety of the estato, if no other reason,' Edna gave a sharp, high laugh, ' Do so, by all means, papa I' she ex. alaimed. 'I'm sure Harold would be pierced with gratitude.' And then she repeated her laugh, casting a look at Miss Rramsdoll, who lowered her blond brows with irrosponsive de muroenese. I chose not to reply then, but with a gentle air of indifference addressed my uncle on some subjaect totally now, Later I seoixed the chance, howovor, of meooting Edna alone, 'You took your father's joke very seriously,' I said to her, As she started and scowled a little, I wont on 'Porhaps thero's no need of my explaining what jokeo I moan,' Oh, no,' She measured me for a moment with her small, black, sauoy eyes, 'Jokes on certain topics are better restrained,' 'Roally,' I laughed, with adaman. fine good nature, 'but in an affair for your father's considoration, not mine. lut pray disabuseo yourseolf of any idea that I wish to usurp the rights of either Angus or his two sisters.' Again she measured ;me with her impudent look;. ' You're very popu lar, I suppose,' she muttered. 'I've heard that you were.' 'It's true,' I again laughed, ' that I don't try to make people dislike me. That is a very. unwise policy, my dear Edna, as you may realise when you're a little older.' ' Policy,' she sneered. ' Yes, that is what you " general favourites," as you are called, are always thinking about. Well, I don't care a bit about people .who., are for ever afraid of being impolitic; they always affect me queerly -as if theywere hypocrites or time-servers.' (To Ie continued.) 