Municipal Council. The ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council was held on Wednesday, afternoon,, there beiog present—Aldermen Spencer (Mayor), Ward, Lawson, Hoffmann, Fowles, McLaughlin, and Murphy. Minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. correspondence. From, the Colonial Secretary acknowledging receipt of a request made to have an amendment in the Local Government Act of 1S78. granting Dowere similar to those possessed .by divisional ,boards for the des truction of noxious weeds. From the manager of the Queensland National B?nk consenting to the. application of the council for accommodation to the extent of £500. . From i Mrs. Atkin calling attention to the ex ceedingly "bad state of the : roads at the railway station near her residence, which a few loads of gravel would mend.—Alderman Murphy proposed that the request be acceded to, as this was the first time Mrs. Atkin had asked anything from the council, although she was one of the largest rate payers, The Mayor and Alderman Ward questioned' if it was a road or street where the improvements were desired. After dis cussion it was agreed to leave the matter in the hands of the mayor to repot t upon to next meeting. From J. Hoberta sanitary contractor, contradicting the report of the inspector of nuisances that bis night soil' cart was in a leaky condition. The defects in the cart had been, remedied.—Alderman Ward thought that Roberts had given him self away by admitting that the cart had been defective, and the inspector was there fore correct. The night soil business bad -been carried on in a most disgraceful way, and he quite sympathised with the annoyance j which, had been caused the divisional board ratepayers. An inquiry should be held, and he would make one, if necessary, to cancel the license of the contractor who had broken the by-laws. He moved that the inspector - mgntmen. ' Alderman Murphy secon motioo, and spoke strongly on the necessity for action by the coancil.. The Mayor said that the chairman of the board had com plained to him that one of the sanitary con tractors had emptied his cart off the road, j and that the refuse had been washed into a dam. He agreed that it was a most dis graceful thing, but the difficulty was to know who had done it, as both contractors denied it. The inspector had watched for two nights, but could get no satisfaction. He had intended to refer to the matter when the report of the inspector was read. The motion was then agreed to.—W. Eawlings ; complained of the nuisance caused by a horse and spring cart being continually tied to a tree guard opposite his shop. The coancil declined to take any action in the matter, the trees in the street being intended to provide shade. REPORTS. The report of the' finance committee re- ■ commending the payment of accounts to the amount of £25 18s. 6d. was adopted on the motion of Alderman Ward, seconded by Alderman Law$on. - ■ • The report of the inspector of nuisances stated that Roberts, the sanitary contractor, instead of getting new tanks had patched the old one. Would he allow it to pass ? He also called attention to the state of the pans used in the closets belonging to the council's own tenants. A discussion occurred as to whether the council or tenants themselves should. be compelled to provide new pans. Alderman Murphy spoke at length on the bad example the council was setting in not attending to the cleanliness of their own properties, and moved that pans be provided. Seconded by .Alderman Al'Loughlin and agreed to. Reference was also made to the remarks of the licensing bench as to the hotel accommodation. THE RECENT PUBLIC MEETING. The clerk read the resolntions which had been passed by a public meeting denouncing the recent appointment of inspector of nuisances as illegal, and asking that the act be remedied. . Alderman Lawson moved that the services of the present inspector be retained as 'appointed. No good purpose could be served by upsetting the proceedings, as none of the other eight applicants for the billet bad a ghost of a show to get it. Three of them had been proposed, but only one had got a seconder, and there had been a good deal of spite at the bottom of the agitation. The Mayor seconded the motion. . He admitted the council, had not done a fair thing, but under the circumstances he would do the 8ame thing again as it was' really a question of unnecessary expenditure. • A motion proposed by Alderman Ward and seconded by Alderman ' M'Loughlin to adjonrn the matter to allow the: attendance of Aldermen Bourne and Tnckey was defeated the mover and seconder only voting for it. Alderman Ward moved that the present inspector receive a month's notice, and that fresh applications be called.at a salary of £52 per anuom. Seconded.by Alderman M'Loiighlin. Both mover and seconded contended that an itleml and nnfair o«f J --J ?J e— —»»» www uau uccu uuae( ana lb should *>e Remedied. Other aldermen also defended their, action. The subject has ' already.been referred to at lepgth, aDd there is uo need to reiterate the discu$siqn th^t occurred. On being put the amendment was lost by 5.to 2, and Alderman Lawaon'e motion declared carried. ' — FBOPOSED NEW BBIDQE. The designs of the proposed new bridge at ' Chinatown as prepared by Mr, Warren were laid on the table, Mr, ^arreia submitted plans of a low level bridge estimated t6 cogfc £385, and an alternatire high level bridge estimated to cost £475. On the motion of Alderman Murphy seconded by Alderman M'Longhlin it was agreed to submit the latter for the consideration of the Busgil Divisional Board. The council then adjourned. 