MRS. PICKERING'S VANITY. Old Mr Hudm had retired from business MMJUBigOi Hi« busines had been that of a drysalter, and lie bad sadeatood it sc well as to mike a fortune at it. Before retiring from business as a drysalter Mr Hud- BOB bad, if we nay be permitted the phrase, retired from business as a husband. Ma Hudson bad died in aU tha fresh erjoyment of bar carriage aad her aOks and *— jewelled brooches and bracelets, leaving — h^wimWi, as his sole companion, a little sickly boy of half a dozen summers. For a good many years after rattlingfrom bonnes John Hndson ruffiad it with the beet; visiting about, entertaining in grand style his many fr****, travelling abroad, •ml enjoying £o the full the riches be bad toiled for. Hb only child was eent in dae course to Eton, and thenoe blossomed forth Into aaeoond lmtmut of a smart cavalry regiment. But at length old Hedsca^s holiday after toQ showed signs of drawing to a cloae. His health began to break, old age was coming npon him; tta pleasures that his money had brought him, f*"*c and drinking, riding «ad driving, siting in fine rooms, being trratrtd with deference, and sometimes aveu with servility, buying costly treasures of art, would faapleasures no longer. He had done his work, be bad bad bit day. The account waa about to be closed, at no distent period would mmm the" long, dreamless Bleep," said old Hudson to himself as he crept up and down the sunny path of his highly ornate garden, mused on the great mystery of life and death. Rraliaing that bia part on (be world's stage waa played, and resigning himself to old age and invalidism, he Htsmimnd a great part of his large staff of servants, and ahnt ap most of the showily famished room« in bis great new house built after the stjK of a favorite IosdoB suburb. The servants who now formed the old t gentleman's reduced establishment were :— Simon Pickering, a personal attendant (•' sentla, patient, and experienced with the old and with invalids," said his testimonials), who had replaced the smart valet of o more vigorous and fashionable days; the o Hid Simon Pickering** wife, a plain-featured dd woman approaching middle age, who discharged the now not very heavy duties of cook and housekeeper ; a couple of housemaids, and a coachman, who did little save j exercise his bones dally, his master having L partial to the gentle movement of a A neighboring medical man, who had often been a guest at Mr Hudson's tab'e, would diop in from time to time in an informal way, but the invalid restnUd the notion of seeming under a doctor's care, and of being thought seriously ilL True, he had hit a stroke of paralysis, bat people sometimes lived for years after that if they were careful and kept quiet; and ha was inclined to be impatient with his asm when th£ latter, now Captain Hudson, appealed at High- Stead on short leave, having heard of the sudden failure of his father's health. On a golden, autumn afternoon, Captain Hudson bad returned to bis regi- T^Znt, and Joei&h; Hudson, leaning on the mb of bia ntfr° T " ,<LT1<: j Simon Pickering, moved slowly along MB smoothly- gra veiled garden path. "Pickering," said old Hudson, after contemplating the scene for some time, "my eandB are running oat. "Have you aver thought of heaven, aad wondered what it will be like ?" , , «i can't Bay ae I've thought much about it, Btr," answered the attendant respectfully. But he gave his master a marching for the question and the tone in which it was asked constituted, he considered, a new eympton. For a few minutes the old man stood sQent; then be turned and leaned yet more heavily on the am that Bupported "Take me in, Pickering; I'm afraid I've tabemachfll" t ., Juste that evening Pickering sat watch - inv by bia master's bedside. One of the bad been Bent to Doctor Page's to paV him tr> come round, as Mr. Hndwwi waa" SotsowelL She had come b«ck with t&<; jnEcrmaiion that Doctor Page was oat jost £he«, but would oome as Boon as he re farir^ • „ at by the bed where the AMble old man lay in a restless, feverish dora, and wondered wfceHier tins "bad turn" bis master bad taken would prove And while he so wondered and while tte <ioek in the passage ticked loudly th™^ the silence, and an occasional ember teu all too noisily from the fire, the old man 8 eye, opmed and looked atthe figrn eattedbeside himj fevtfcismmd it seemed, was wandering, and he tticmght he waa looking at the son who had left him a week before. „ -Humphrey, I'm glad you're there, Em^ny," said the ex dry-nattex, pickjngliFthe bed&otfces; with his hot, eager fingers. "I just dreamed yon bad gone back to your regiment; I'm glad.you fcoraffc. I wanted to tell yon, Humphrey, there's money in the bonne-more is prudent, and you'd better bank it again. It's a matter of »thesnamd pounds 3? notes: I drtw it out became I meant to attend a sale at sJhristSe'e J9 mm* treasures, but 5 WW the mane? is. It's » the secret drawer of the cabinet over r^d^jyou know how to find the secret drawer, BnmrfW, don't you P Open the aecrrt drawer Vi& the smallest key of the bnnchj always W about 2? drawer rigbt out, and led aboot at the ioof till yoa find a tiny roughneea,JP«» that, and another little drawer wiuepnng out at the bade, and in that is the pounds. <5o«ni gat itnow.Hnmptirey. said the rackman, hie voice einkicg w an excited whisper; ~if8net Bafe ^CTeJ the *£ont trust the servants j I wifel Get it out, Humphrey, boy, and fcank it^ we may boOi be murdswa. His epeecfe grew wilder and more incoherent after thia- iis mannar »»» feverish and excited. ^Jf™*® Doctor « Page's • ring was * heard * at the aocr. * Joaah Hndson never rallied from that "bad turn." Doctor Page remained with him through the night. Just at the approach of aawjp, when Me is lowest, SStbaTand sevBre etiiJp deBcaided on the feeble form in tin bed, 0P lay m -a living jffrj silent, motionless, #noapecioas, until after the hunjed amval of Us son, and then fwrfto• ZrZere bis real estate and his personality availed him nothing. . On the evening after the Imuw. Cjanta^ Hudson eat deep in conversation wttkMr. iincoin, ttelaniSly *>iiator. in bo draw rata £«»- •nd pwmdTin aotes* fortnight agft" the •eantatowaTaaying Jaa tar.itenrt v^j there is no such es* in >Jje eearat drawer of his cabinet, wta® he always any considerable amount rf ready smobt thi be had in the hoaee. ajw-fatito habit of attending ait «aU> OW®* and would draw out large aomi for ttfc- P^; .JIIM, If ttda ^MLIOOOF ATTEODIIIG THE TAT^^TO abelawyo *«*Ua bmL We should have found eoca memow* by bis illnEW—that, in bis failing state, he did not put the money in a sufficiently safe place (unless, Jj (Hie of. the servants has discovered the secret drawer of the cabinet), and that the thief and, as yet, the money, an under this roof. This man Pickering," and the lawyer's tone dropped still lower," what is known of htm I" The captain shrugged his shoulden. " He came to my father some months ago with a diameter that gave him all the cardinal virtues—in short, he seemed the very one wbatfchiF-aame in ancient times wai always looking for with a lantern. His wife was engaged at the same time as cook houiekBetMr: I know nothing against her, except the wont that can be said of i woman—she's uncommonly plain I" The solicitor mused in sUenoe for a time. " And yoa tall« they are leaving ben for another situation the day after tomorrow; the beat thing yon can do is to have a detective up from Scotland Yard tomorrow morning." It was the night following that on which Captain Hudsonjand the solicitor bad conferred together.' Simon Pickering and his wife were in the housekeeper's room, and ha?, as was evident from the appearance of the table, bean enjoying a sang little supper. They were now seated one at each side of the fire,aad Mis Pickering, having thrown a ootbm wrapper aroud bar afaauliA bad taksndown her abundant dark hair aad was brushing it at her eaaa. The late Mr Hudsou's housekeeper wai a woman of rather unusually plain bee, and was, therefore, perhaps inclined to be the more vain about, and careful of, the one little gift to har. So she sat brushing her generous allowance of fine daik ha ; r while she looked into the fire with knitted brows aad face of de«p cogita t'on. Her husband watched her with evident anxiety as to the result of her musings Presently, after going to tin door, for the third time within ten minutes, ascertaining that no one was listeniog outside, re-closing it, and returning o his chair, Pickering leaned across the hearth, and addressed Ms wifs in the lowest tones of his soft vsiee« Tea, we must hit on some way at one* f smuggling the n ites out with us to-mor row morning. If we cant bit on some plan f the kind, they'd best go into that fire irect I This detective that's been here toay (for that's what he is—I spotted him at once I) will have all the servants Marched ust as we're ready to start—that's their intention. So aet your wits to work I It would be a pity to bam a thousand pounds. I don't know as I should have dons a* I did, only I was so sure of your (help Women are always to the fore in a shady business." " And men are always ready to make ns< of us in each basinets, and lay all the blame oa us afterward," rejoined His Pickering with Bome asperity. . . . After a pause she rose, looked at herself tn the little minor, and, twisting her hair into deep, old-fa«hioaed rolls on each sice of her face, asked nonchalantly— " How should you like ma in this style. Picketing! It's not fashionable, but it's becoming.'' Simon Pickering stamped bis foot and clenched his bands. " Do you want me to go distracted f" be said, but his voice did not get imprudently loud though bis rage wai great. To talk about the fashion of your hair at sunh a time! There's a thousand pounds at stake, and the chance of ten years hard labor. 11 yoa was han'i"""' It' would be maddening enough to bear cfyonr vanity just now ; but being what you are—" " Tea, I think ft would suit me very well," said Mrs Pickering to herself, atill calmly surveying her reflection in the glass; •'III change tha fasttoaofmy hair from this very night, and wear it in roHs." • • • *''"•*••' gimon Pickering waa right in his prediction. Immediately babreoniittf^Dtilie aew sttaatian which tbeyptofawd tbey had obtained, the late Hr HudsoaV attendant utd his wife, as also the reit of the domestic 4IHghatwd watt, wet* aearehed. Their boxes stood ready, and they had just taken an early breakfast, when the Scotland ?ud functionuy and his female assistant pre»ental thems^vxs. The Pickerings SUV sajlted with danfal tajUnBi to the procbm. Mrs Pickering and the female searcher withdrew, and on-their reappearance in ten misnteB, ths hoaspfceqpeffe pleasant manners seemed to have won sensibly on the stern policewoman. Their boxes were turned out, but yielded no KOTO proof, of ..guilt thao their persons had done. No pretext remained for detaining them. Pickering fetched a cab, the boxes were placed on it, His Pickering, after aditus to h=r fellow servants and a curtesy to Captain Hudson, who happened to pass across the pusge, stepped into the cab, her husband mounted the boc beside the driver, and the vehicle bundled away down the Highstaad Hill, ostensibly bound tar Boston station. But Inspector Sharpe of tin detective farce was ill at ease. He did not like to see these people depart in peace, yet he could not denin them. There might have beenno robbery at all. Old Mr Hudson might have paid away the thousand pounds In private and left no mauwandnm of neb payment. On the other hand, if there had been a robbery, this highly respectable couple who had just taken their departure seemed to Inspector Sharpe, despite thsir having come triumphantly through the morning's ordeal, a quarter toward which be would do well to direct bis talents. He would like to keep them in view. To remain at Highstaad YOU investigating was, however, also a task much after hupwn heart But it was clear be would have to depute another for one or other of fhiaee duties. While he ruminated thus, pacing silently along the lower passage* of J&fcstesd; Villa, the voices of Bose and fimlly, the two housemaids, reaehei his ears from the kitchen near at band; be pained instinctively to listen. " Well, Emily, you and melt be off la a day or two! I only hope in my next place there won't be so old i gentlemen dying, and their eons going aad having the servants searched afterward as if they'd nommitted a murder—that I do i It's an inaixU to hooest gids like you and I, that it is!" A second voice assented with a good many exclamation, sad the firstvoiee continued : " The idea of that there Mrs Pickering having such au amount of vanity! I wonder what sudden freak took her to chtnge the fathion of her hair and wear it in them old-fashioned rolls J To be sue, I think I nevet did see an uglier woman!" " She is ugly, and yet she managed to get married, you see," remsiksd the second nice. " Yes," rejoiaei tha other, " that's what alwsjs'pozzies met These ugly women always get ipsxried, whilst good-looking girls like you and I dop't get the ghost of a dunce I" Speak for yomaeU," was the somewhat in^F"*"* retort." I cpnld gat married tomorrow, if I chose, but I'm ambitious. I umft Jjave a husband asll keep me like a la&y.; Ho—i neper did sesaueha fright as Ha Pickering looked in them great rolls of hair!" Inspector Sharpe passed an silently down the psssage, and his musings deepened. The Seagull, a small (paddlei Bteamer belonging to a certain lirte that plies between the Thames and the Flemish seaports, lay at the wharf, waiting to drop down the river-f the early morning. She bad taken on bar cargo, which, on t&s; return journey, would be replaoed by Ostend rahUta. More than tat cargo the 3eagull did not expect this stormy October night, foe, tboegn, dm' the summer a good many pamopg«rs aw cheaply to the Oontbuat by fcs and her si<ter7£»els,iheJiad lo£kod to none each foe acoelHtie lima. ~ - -- The til&dy; stewardess was therefore a tittle aundaai wfeea «t «leven o'clock at idghfc, aatfe^lrtfaaiiffies' cabin emdai a glaxs of something comfortable, and think fngotprcacatiy tbeFrfr frrf-hMni ber&a; that 4DWI JU^e walto, lieanltbe soundol ib'^Ml' above,' irinsta later wM^iwitte «t • eottwy My paMenger being shown down the little staii. \- m _ aaa JWHIWi^!" The itewardew was at onoe prapoeaeased j n the new arrival's favor, noted with interest the name "Mrs Thompson" on the ticket of her bag, and, though forced to own silently ithat the face disclosed when the veil was raised waa not comely, mentally pronounced the unexpected passenger, "Quite the lady I" e The latter threw herself down on one of the faded nd velvet seats that tan round the little cabfn. /'One feels a little strange and lonesome, stewardess, travelling without one's husband," she said, " bat I most be brave ani resist the temptation to have a regular good cry." "Indeed and you most, ma'amt" responded tbe old stewardess with ready sympathy, bustling to help her charge remove her cloak and wraps. " Crying doesn't mend matters. D<aar sakss alive, ma'am, I've had to do without my husband for good and all this many a year 1 Just fifteenyear it is ainoe we went pleasuring to Greenwich, and what must poor TollyfUid do but 1st bis legs run away with him down Greenwich hill, and pitched on his bead at tbe bottom, and waa took up dead." Tbe ftewardtei wiped her eyes after this peroration and proceeded to hang up the passenger's shawls. " And how about supper, ma'am f Shall I get you something f To be sure it's very late, and I don't Imow if—" " Oh, thank yoa; I sHa'u't need anything but what I have with me." Accordingly, having eaten oae or two biscuits, and taken something from a flask, ahe professed huadf ready to go to her berth- " What time in tha morning do we start, atewariessf " " About five,ma'am. Which of the berths will you sleep iat I can recommend this one as about the moat comfortable. Dear, dear! Three months back then wasn't much choosing of where ladies would sleep, in here I I'd all tbe berths full, and ladies sleeping all over the floor as well. Dear sakes alive, the quarrelling that went on I I'd have given ap my post many a time, only what can a lone widow with nine children do! Well, I thought I'd done waiting on ladies for this year, to be sure I But I'm always glad to wait on one as is a lady, pleasant and kindly spoken." The passenger bad not yet taken off her V a veiling cap. Bhe now removed it, shosring a fine mass of dark plaited hair, with a deep, old- fashioned roll on each side of the face. In a few minute*, assisted by the assiduous His Tolly field,she was comfortably settled in one of the lower berths. ** Thank you, stewardess; I sha'n't want anything more. Oh, dear! my poor head aches pretty badly 1" said the passenger as Bhe lay down. "Poor dear creature I Does it now?" responded the stewardess, tucking in the rugs and blankets that she had pUed upon her charge. " Hradadhe's bad, sure, though heartache's worie. Tou want some grod sleep and pleasant dreams about yoac husband that you're parted from. But I'm afraid you wont sleep comfortably unless you take down your hair; let me arrange it for you," The passenger drew her head away with a jok. " Be good enough to leave my hair alone I" ahe said in a stern, threatening manner, very d'fferant from her farmer affability. " ( shall do very well and want nothing more." Tbe stewardess drew the red cortsin of the berth and left her. But Mrs Tolly field' good opinion of the Seagull's solitary passenger wassbskea. u A vixen of a temper, forall her pleasant- SBSI The Idea of flying out at me like that, all for nothing I" Thns cogitating the stewardess went to rest. At five o'clock in the morning there wai plenty of bustle on the little deck of the Seagull, and enough stout iog for an Orient liner; Below the stewardess was busy also, ani tha one passenger, having just emerged from her berth and put on the few articles of dress that she had laid aside last night, was eittiag by tbe little fire in tbe ladies' cabin, wrapped la a Shawl. " We're off now," aren't we, stewardess " she asked with an eagerness that was half {•voluntary, as ahe tot* the cup of tea that had been prepared jfor her. " Tes. mi'am. we're off stow." Mrs Tollyfialdls tone waa a little stiff; shi had not quite, fcugottea the nbsff of tbe previous night. Bare enough, they were off. The paddle wheels tamed once, slowly, laboriously, with a great deal of churning aud splashing; turned twioe, more easily ani qvickly; turned three times; the pamenger standing on a seat end looking through a porthole that commandei the farther shore of the river, saw the dingy warehouse begin to slide away. "Tes, we're off now," she said gaily, jumping down and coming back to her seat by the fire- But in another moment she added, "We've stopped! What's that fort" The paddle wheels bad suddenly ceased their splashing and churning ; the shouting above was more vehement than ever, and seemed to ba responded to by shouting from the shore close at hand; then the Sesgnll began to back. " Something been forgotten," said the stewardess, " and we're returning for it" Die passrnger set down her half finished tn of tea and listened. She touting cootinoed, and tbe little vessel slowly backed to the wharf she had jost quitted. " Seems to be another pissenger coming on board," said the stewatdess. Her companion made no answer, but gazad atemly and stonily into the little fin before which she sat, A few moments later brisk stepa were heard swming down the stairway, and thai came a pexessptory rap upon the door of the " Who have you got in here, stewardess I" fujsticai a asanas voioe, aa Mis Tollyfiald hurried-to tha door. "Onslady, sir." •'Ah I thatfs right," aud Inspector Shsipe. Bppiag into the little room. "Good morning, Kn Pickering. Tou very nearly gave us the slip—very nearly I I've been thinking that that little ceremony that you took part in at Highatead Villa yesterday morning, yoa aud tin rest of the household stalt waa not quite thocough enough. My fcnto aissittinf didn't ask you to tatadown you hafr, iii'ai^,fo I've tailored you to get you to do it, if >ou1I be as good." Mrs Pickering looked at tha inspector, then looked at tbe wondering faoe of the old stewardess. Well," she said, with a quick, deep sigh, "thejnpafr n& I suppose. Five minutes ago I^nbught I was safe. Bad lack to yon, officer, Cor not givingms the chance of getting clean away." ShsHwia swmant, " Wfli you shake out those rolls, Mia P^MblrakaUlir srtdjnspeotorlfcerpe. "Oh, HI take 'em down! It's no good refasingmow.*' * Mthands tig toiler hair,anToQed ft,'ifl!M tha contents on the tabla. The detective carefully smoothed the paper out, until ten bank notes lay on the table. The tnapedtar quietly placed them together. •'Ten ione bandied poend notes make a thousand pounds, the sum missed fran the lata Mr HudsanVi aafainet Hot a had notion at all, of oooosaling them, Mm Pickering 1 I dont suppose any lady's bair wss ever more " ' u Aai.nw if. a yoallj^tyqar hMnat en, I moatask'tou to rinnrsmviMe with mart Five minutea later tbe Seagull steamed ; aaj/ pasaengesB,-t£e stewardsm tder and lmrrmonUieing*, attvei Bo that was why shs kept her hair rolled, and flewout at me last night. And me thinking It was all temper I How we do misjudge people I" 