PfW#ed;? CHAPTKR "XVl. fCoNTnrtJKb.'l i; "Tho koeprsu'hbs jvif 1 SCH'j fx-r 'bout this pr , UA un glued ray «ar to tho keyhole. They was eUTYte'o a bonvemtioa. Sfty he, ' Vou'ii gpet yourself into hot water, Sarab, along o . 1 to take charge o1 ber, "When the in spectors conies along they find oat rou koep a lodger.' Says she, ' Mind yer business.' Orftchel ; Tro got more pay a'ready than you will «-trininiing of them Umpa for five year, fiheron't be here when the inspector comas,1' aapbe. 4>\Vhere will «he be V 4 Where folks don't tell no tales,' says Ahe. Tlren says be, arter a minute, kinder scared like, 4 What d.Va mean by- that T And she coughs, and says 4 Folks na bad as that woman is don't live forever. I ham to -keep the gag in her month tugh all day, some days, to purwent her screaming an' purwent people us walks on the beach from a-hearin1 of her.' " Oh. Jake, did she say that ?" -61 ic did, mis?— them very words." j "Oh, the poor creature! Oh, Tin quite wtain its poor Lizzie ! But he knows— he lias had n hand. Alas ! what can 1 do only a poor Rttlc girl, without influence? But you must inform the officers — the constable at Melton, Jake, and hare him search the place. All you have todo is to teU him that there is «n insane person or Borne one, kept at the light-house, whose condition ought to he looked into." '"But I'm afeard, miss, that — that — some pernon — you might not like to have it known. Yon know, miss," Jake began anew, plung ing through his embarrassment, ' thai I have told you that Mr. Vivien goes there — an' that other gentleman, too— as often as once a week. It might — might hear on them." ' I do not care who is concerned in it, Jake. If Mr. Vivien is doing anything wrong he must take tho conseqaences. Mind, I don't say he is — I don't knotv. But if some poor creature, sene or insane, is being held "against her gill at the light-house, the proper author ities onghi to know of it. The woruan wants to get: rid. of her before the inspector comes along. Suppose she should murder her !" in an awe-stricken whisper. "Jn -.my opinion, sho wouldn't be none to 7ood for it miss. She's got a bad faoe, an' she takes an uncommon quantity o' spcrrits in the faoarse o' a week. Not common gin — Lor' bless, yon, -no — but brandy, as the haristocracy themselves "drink, so I am told. She's always got the silver or gold to pay for it, too.' Where do she get so much money ? Ay, if T may bcj&o;"b6ld before yon, miss, why docs the -gentleman — as d can't name to you, who they aay 'bV- going' to marry— go there 0' evenings -and all secret like ?" - 41 Thard, : Jake- that's precisely what I want to know, and 1 shall not marry him until I do know, rest assured of that. Papa is all for the match, but I am not. And now, Jake, sin(V T'v< rrmfirbnl this to von I ftball exnect yon to kecp .twioe as .sharp a lookout as before. - The-mystery shall be cleared op before I place -mys&f; in that gentleman's power. Remember UhaL and donT be afraid to tell me everything. ; Nothing would please me more than to liavB a good, positive, downright reason for not marrying .Mr. Vivien — there ! But not a hint of this to any living soul, Jake. Be as silent as a bunch of cotton, but keep after liini. .Find out why he visits the light-house." All this in an energetic whisper. Then, slipping two sovereigns into his hand, she added, "You shall not loose your sleep without a reward Jake." " Thankee, mis?, and now, I'm going back to thfe beacon for an hour or two. I mostly hangs around there till about ten or elcvea o'clock." 44 Yon must not let them murder her, Jake." Who 1 Oh. I shall do.the best I can." 44 And Jake !" as lie was&triding; off. 41 Yes, miss." -l Perhaps you had better wait' little before speaking to an officer. You may do better -alooc. " Very .well, miss. He was oot of sight in a moment among . the rose trees, and Cecilia turned to go back: into the house. The frosty air was agreeable to her, for she was feverish, and, as shetbonght of the t »o ladies dozing by the drawing-room fire, and 'how they would wake np when she went in, aod one would say, 41 Yon musn't go -out in the night air, my dear, and yon so soon to be married : really, yon mast be more carefol of your health !" and the other one wonld simper and Bay. 44 What a love ol a creature Mr. Vivien is I I must set my cop for 'him, Miss Orevelling. he, he, he!" — she felt <1 strong distate for going in to cope with these inanities. Quite dose to tho honse-was a seat on tho lawn, placed in the shadow of a larch, and standing .'between the rose garden and the drawing-room windows. Here Cecilia sat down, tho larch between her and the hnighte. She looked up to the sky apd thought of Jasper; she jookod over to the beacon — flash ing and paling, shining and fading, brighten ing and darkening with the greatest regularity and thonghtbT the poor creature held therein the tower, saying over to herself, "I know it mfist fae. Tiizzc. J know there must be «ome- ihing mysterions.between.lier and Mr. Vivien." Then /she board a door open and slint and voicesngside. Presently tiic odor of cigars came to her on the air, and some person or persons were walking back and forth on the lawn, smoking, between her scat and thef drawing-roum window. There were two of them, for when ibqy finished their cigars they began to talk. Cecilia did not think enough about them — she was absorbed in her own musings — to warn them of her presence, nor was she scarcely awarcjjf their, uotil they had stopped not fire feet ifrorn. thc 'Iarcli which' screened her, and she end&eoly; fonnd herself listening — li s ten i n g/cargeriy and willingly to t wo voioes both of which she recognised. She npght have shrank from the idea of becoming .ayewjrDppcr had not the first few words, heaitf 'unintentionally, told her that she hod a right to hear all .she could : "jtpiz feq$pn yellow jjpintailb craning,; Base." Fm iv jjqnlisfalptv piritf/Gnoen. The pres ence. cf that woman"- — this lie said in a tone of anxjetHirikl ' idread — "in this part of the amfctiFcm'ongh f» keep one in Tow spirits/ Think of Jt I here, not n mile away. I feel as -fraryhonr s franght with' danger to my LjiDine, not fdlt snfc 'one "moment since in rliicD I set . cteF on her, 4 ito jne that she was dt:id. I be-' Oed!i cwpftif;tbe J>earlB abonthor -diriia lieycd bar.' .saali lnutelf fillstnb ivift atopre- hodlrionv twfca, 4eoeritJy, wli(ft l ymvoccn there, she has been drunk. Can you expoct ttiat ybnftcrets will be kept by a drunkard 7 I tell yo;. I am half J _ believe that MiTf fjflffiljqg sqSo« tto-QfeUsj»ecka my brevifmi dcukratanW wJuruTi— -this person. I don't know what she does not siispoet. Con-, found Her dbstaihacy ! T'would give my left' hand to hasten our ttiarriaga. I must try tb- joraaado her . father fto force it upon her.,. Ii cannot stand tin's suspense," 44 Shb. Base ! why do you fret like that ? All's going on as smoothly as/molasses candy. If -you -hurry the1 girl, yoli'U frighten her. You've. got to humorthesis.lugh-stappiug fillies a little. The lighthouse mVgoing to fall — nor nothing ain't going to walk out of it cither. 'If you'd hnnfc ll 'over the British Isles you conldn't find a better place for 4 Mandy.' I I think it very lucky wc had the lighthouse to go to in sdeh an emergency. It's true, I'd prefer -that 4 Mandy' wa»whoro we thought she was- — bobbin1 around with the fishes — but now as matters stand, we'vw got to make the host of it." "But the inspector. He may pay his visit to the light- house, soon." 'Well, we'll hear of it in time to get lier away." " 1 tell youT don't like her being there," auid Vivien, emphatically. " It's the worst tlung ever happened to me." 44 While there's life there's hope, Base." 41 On the contrary," was the answer id a low voice, "while there's Ji!c there is not hope," and he laughed strangely. " Miss Crcvcliiug is an odd young lady," he went ou, in a changed voice, " if she were like others of her sex, I should believe thnt the gift which I have here in niv pocket to present bar this ovening, would soften her heart a little." 44 What is it ?" " The Calcutta pearls." 44 You ought to save them for the wedding gift." " Nothing is too cosily if it wins -a amile from lier. Conic, wc will go in ; and I will see if these beauties can gain one grateful glance from those bine eves of hers." They walked away, leaving the poor little eavesdropper quaking. 44 Everyone will be looking for mc in a xnameati" she murmured. 44 1 would not have them guess that I was out for the world." Her limbs trembled so that they would hardly carry her ; she dared not enter by the front, so she slipped in through the servants' quarter?, and getting upstairs by a hack aUiir- wav, made tier way unobserved to hor own room. A minute later Ellen came in ; ' Why,TniS5,T was here a abort timago,' and you were not here. They Are all inquiring where Miss Crevelling 4b. Here, you'r fairly spoiling your hair, brushing it that way. Sit dowD.':plcase, nnd I'll do itqnicklyi"" Cecilia was glad of the excuse to keep her room a "few minutes. She was " pale as d sheet," Ellen said. 44 But a little paleness don't hurl you, miss," she added, when she had rearranged the soft, abnndnnt golden hair. 44 Do look in the glass and see." Cecilia saw. a beautiful white tace, u pair of praterhftkwlly Urge and bright 4 vcly 1»«5s. .sot ofUTpnle blue silfc. 7 i- " Do I look as if I had been frightened, Ellen T1 44 Well, von do look a little that way. Why, was you frightened V ki Oh, a little. I thought I bqw a ghost. But don't mention it." 44 No, miss, not for the world." And as soon as her young mistress bad de scended the front stairs the maid had flown down the back ones to announce that Mis? Crovelliog "had seen a ghost on the upper cor ridor, all as large as life, and a walkin' about in a long white dross, with its arms fltrctched out." Meantime Cecilia, still pale, and trembling somewhat, but inwardly calm, walked litf'oghtilj into the drawiogroom, where she bad been, and a servant brought her a cup of coffee.-. After she bad takon the coffee she was quite herself pgaiu. She even smiled in nnswer when -she met Mr. Vivien's eyes fixed intently on her. At that he came instantly to hor aide. " I brought you a trifling present from my own store of East Indian treasures," he said, looking «very bright bccauFc she had smiled on liira,'4' when I came over to-day.- We have been, engaged two months, nearly, and I have never given yon anything but a ring. Please accept this."" He laid a quaint little box, made of inlaid woods, in lier lap. " I wonld prefer not to' -receive any presents yet," she said. " But this one, a trifle— destined, when I obtained it, as a"gift-to my betrothed, if I«vcr had o. betrothed." The ladies gathered about at 6ight of the box, and -insisted that. Miss .Crcvelliog'flhould at least look at her present. To gratify their curiosity she took up the box, opened it, and took out a -string.of pearls. Even '.Cecilia could not refrain froni uttering a cry of delight. She had seen pearls before ; indeed she had the nccklase which had been her mother's, hut those gems were 0 large nnd lustrous that it would seem as if they must have been stolen from the casket of some Sul- tao. Wh|le they -dangled from her finger, each one showing like a miniature moon, so large, silvery, nnd shining, and while the Indies were igoing into raptures, Cecilia was rapidly think ing wliat to do. Secretly determined as she was never to pTarrytheiqan to whom slip wns pro mised, she would almost as soon have worn a scrpeut nbout'her throat as those pure pearls, yet she teantcd time to form some plan of escape from ber .engagement, and to further this plan fihp-faad to assnrac a kindness which fihedid cotdeol. Sir Hastings/who had joined the circle, re garded the neclase with .pleased eyes. " Why don't you say something pretty, Cecilia?" he asked, rather harshly. 41 The queen might feel flattered by such a gift. . " Ya'as." broke in Captain Billings : 11 It beats, a!l)b3lloK the pigaon-egg pearls I aaw in ihe Shah's strong room. These arc pumgkins, no intake. „-Tjje only trouble iB they won't show off to advantage 011 Miss Crevcllings nock too mneli the sarue color, you see." 41 May -wo see about that ? Will yoa honor the jewels by trying them on T 41 Y/es, Mr. Vivien, I will wear them a little while if it pleases yon. Byt you must let me tli ink -twice about coepttag magnificent n gift. find looked up -at him with asmilo. His eyes flashed, his heart beat ; it was the first time since their betrothal that she had spoken to him «o kindly or looked to him so Rwcotljr. Here was a great gain. Yet when she plnycd this submissive part all that she thought of was iho conversation she had overheard in the garden within an hour. In self defenoe «be was beginning to act a part. CHAPTER XVII. tine dkbd 1)0 nic at the llout-hotjbs. It was a week or ten dajs after the event re lated to in our last chapter. Nothing had happened at the Manor house, except thot Mr. Vivien emboldened by Cecilia's softening de- monanor, had urged Sir Hastings to appeal to her to sot the wedding-day. This Cecilia would not 'do, but she was not so determined in hor refusal to shorten from the year first men tioned. Finally, before the Laronct left lier he told her, laughingly, that he had decided for her, and that willing or unwilling, the 20ih of December would see ber n married woman. "And doit," lie added, let 4' let Eilcn pack up a few nrtielcs for yon, and we will -run down to London and spend a week. Our guests go to-day and to-morrow ; we will have out a new lot before the holidays and wo will keep Lord nnd Lady Lynx -company to the city. The chniigo will do yon good ; you '.arc quite too pale to suit my taste, and yon can shop to ycrur hearts content. 1 won't grumble at the bills.! 41 license they are the last, you hope which you will have to pay for mc ?', Cecilia asked this in a sarcastic voice not common to her, but she was willing and «agtr to make another trip to London. Was not. Jasper Yclnsky somewhere in that great city ? Might it happen that they meet ? She liud looked in vain for a passing glimpse t)f him when die was down the laat time, bat eke .may lmvc hotter luck this. TDIEE COKTiyujSD. . 