A Great Chinese City. NANKING AND ITS'' WALLS. BEGGARS AND PALACES. RELICS OF THE PAST. ANKING is the biggest -walled city of thp world, and it is one of the most wonderful cities of history. It -was more than 600 years old -when Christ was a baby, and its municipal hair was gray with the' age of 1200 odd years when Mohammed first saw, the light of day. The present wall which sur rounds it was built about 100 years before Columbus sailed out from Spain to find a passage, to trade y -with ita people, and it has several times been the capital of the great Chinese empire. It lies. in the in terior, not far from the Tangtse Kiang River, about 200 miles away from the sea coast, and the viceroy, -who now makes it his capital, governs nearly twice as many people «.s there is in the whole United States. He has under him cities of vast extent, the names of which are unknown to the average reader, and his income amounts to millions. He spends vast sums in his arsenals, powder works and naval schools, and he directs from this point a machinery of government which has as many ramifications and offices, as that of any .western nation. He has here the big examinations which test the learn ing of tens of thousands of Iron Dome of Porcelain Pagoda. Chinese students every three years, and his people are so noted for their ability and culture that Nanking has been called the Athens of China. Allof the big cities of China are sur rounded by walls ranging in size from 40ft to 70ft high, and so thick that two-horse waggons could be driven side by side upon the paved roads -which form their tops and the wheels of the waggons would not touch each other. Here and there upon the -walls are guardhouses and barracks, -which rise one and two storeys above the ?walls, and in which, soldiers are placed to keep a lookout over the city and its approaches. The walls are entered by great tunnel-like gates with arched roofs, and the doors to these are of heavy -planks and timbers bound with sheets of iron riveted on with bolts. These are closed during the night, and the man who arrives after dark has to wait till morning among the beggar huts of the outside. It was late in the afternoon (says F. G. Carpenter, ?writing to an American paper) -when I found myself with about 100 Chinese passengers in the rude ferryboat which takes the- freight from the river steamers to the shore at the landing for Nanking, and I narrowly escaped spend ing a night out of doors. I was held for some time by a big Chinese official because I had not a passport from Peking, and -when my servant had got our donkeys and had loaded up two Chinese coolies with our bag gage the sun was low in the horizon and I saw a blind Mohammedan beggar kneeling by the roadside and saying his prayers as it -went down. We had yet five miles to go before reaching the city, but we made the gates and got in before dark. During the journey, with the prospect of a lodging in a vile Chinese inn before me, I thought of the possibility of climbing the -wall, but as I came closer to it I realised the - futility of feuch an attempt. The walls rise straight up ward from a wide moat to the height of an eight-storey house, and the only broken spaces are the cuts formed by their crenellated tops. Had one of the soldiers on guard thrown me down a rope ladder I would have feared to risk the climb, and as I examined it I wondered at the expense of its build ing. We often hear of the vast sums spent upon the. great Chinese walL It was about 1500 miles long,- and it is larger than that about Nanking. These city walls of China have eaten up a vast deal more money. There are in the empire more than 4000 walled cities, and every place I have stopped in my tour up the Yangtse has these massive battlements about it. They are made just the same as this wall of Nanking. The materials used are stone and large burnt bricks of a bluish grey color. These bricks are each about 15in long, Sin wide, 'and 3in thick. They are put together in a solid masonry in the .shape . of two walls running parallel with each other and the space between them is filled in with earth and stones. This is stamped down and - upon : its top a paved road, way is made, upon 'which.- the .guards walk, and upon -which' in many places are old cannon, and near them piles of stones ready to be thrown down upon the enemy. The length of these walls is much greater than is necessary to inclose the cities. I have seen none less than 3,0 miles long, and this wall of Nanking is 32 miles in length. The city of Nanking occupies only a small part of the inclosure, and the wall runs up and down over a rolling country, taking in «Tnq11 farms and market gar dens, many of which stand upon the site of the greater Nanking of the past.' The distance across the enclosure from one wall to the other is more than eight miles. A mile of such wail must cost considerably more than a mile of fail-; road, and in these 4000 walled cities it is safe to say there is something like 25,000 miles of fortification, or enough to have covered China with railroads. Many of these .walls are poorly kept, but if a big city should spring up in China tonlay it would have a -wall built about it, and this Nanking wall was thoroughly repaired three years ago. It cost the viceroy £50,000 to patch it up, and you see the fresh mortar of to-day running in and out of the gray lines of 500 years ago. Nanking Beggars Smoking Opium. The moat outside the wall is fully I as interesting as the wall it- I self. This runs about the entire i structure, save at the end -where ] it cuts into the mountain, and at the opposite side of the city from the gate at which I en tered it expands into a very pretty lake. The earth used for the filling of the walls is generally taken from the moat, and the excavation is so great that the Nanking Moat ranges from 70ft to 100ft in width. It is connected by a canal with the Yangtse River, and it forms the highway from it to the city. Although it is about 200 miles from the sea it is affected by the tide, and only small boats can sail through it. These bring, however, passengers and freight, and the moat swarms with craft, which sail about it from one gate of the city to the other, offering their ?wares for sale. There are hucksters of all kinds upon it, the fuel peddlers In the Temple of 10,000 Buddhas. push or scull great rafts of reeds about through it, selling as much as one man can carry for about 20c. The moat is crossed by bridges at the gates, which, like tunnels, enter the ' wall, and some of these bridges remind you of the noted bridges of Italy. There is one at the south gate which is -walled with stores like the Ponte Vecchio across the Axno at Florence, or, rather, more like the Rialto in Venice. Some of the canals run into the city, and the moat and canals in many ways remind you of the famed water city on the Adriatic. It is to me a far more interesting city than Venice, and the wonders of its ruins are greater than those of old Rome. Marble Elephants near Nanking. The Nanking of to-day is built upon | the foundation of the Nanking of the past, and outside the present city there is a vast area which was once covered with buildings. The Tartar city where emperors lived has dwindled into dust, and the marble and gold tiled palaces of the past have been supplanted by the farms and gardens of the present. Fifteen generations ago there was here one of the most progressive monarchs of history. Nanking was then the centre of Asiatic trade and culture. Foreigners from all parts came here to study, and the Persians and Arabians., crowded each other upon these streets. ?To-day you see Jewish types along the faces you meet, and the city has a large population of Mohammedans. Many of these are the descendants of the strangers who came here in the days of the famed Chinese ruler, Chu Hung Wo. This man started life as a beggar, but he organised a rebellion, which enabled , fora to conquer China .and. to establish his de scendants on the throne. He was tne founder of the Ming dynasty, the one which ruled China before the family of the present emperor came into power, and under which '-were accomplished the greatestthings -that the Chinese have ever done in architecture and public improvements. It was this man who built the wall about Nanking , and established the capital here.1 The dragon, you know, is the imperial animal of China.. You see it on every Chinese flag, and it is supposed to bring luck or the reverse to every rider. Ac cording to them, a dragon can do anything. It can make itself as big ' as an elephant, or as small as a gnat. It can build up empires and throw down kings. The country here at Nanking is shaped like a great dragon, and the emperor said: 'If lean build my capital on the dragon's back it will last for ever.' The result was that he moved to Nanking and made it for a I time the greatest city of China. He I planned to build a wall outside of the present one, 'which should be 90 miles long, but he got no;. further than the first pillars of this before he died. It was this man's son who built the famed porcelain tower of Nanking, putting it up in honor of his wife. This tower cost more than £600,000 ; it -was built of the finest of glazed porcelain slabs, and it blazed out under the sun of the valley of the Yangtse Kiang. It was octagonal in form, with a base about half the size of that of the monument, and this base rested on a foundation of brickwork 10ft high. It had nine storeys, and a spiral staircase within the tower led to the summit. The top of it was a great basin of iron, and the colors ' of its brick were green, red, yellow, and white. At every one of the nine stories a roof of green tiles jutted out-, and to the cor ners of these roofs were hung bells which tinkled when swayed by the wind. It took 19 years to build this tower, and it was kept in good condi tion until about 40 odd years ago, when another beggar got up a rebel lion and took Nanking. He had the idea that the tower was hurting his luck, and had it blown up. Its every brick has since disappeared, and when I visited its site the only vestige of it remaining was the great iron basin-like dome ?which crowned its top. This has been placed upon a foundation of marble. It is a hollow mass of iron big enough to cover the top of the largest nay stack you have ever seen. It would | make a bathtub for an elephant j and it would to-day be called a fine speci men of artistic 'casting. When it covered the tower it was plated with gold, and could be seen for miles up and down the Yangtse Valley. It must weigh several tons, and how the Chinese with their rude modes of labor were able to poise it on the top of the tower, 261 feet above the earth, is a marvel. . It lies to-day in front of the viceroy's arsenal, where the finest of modern guns are being turned out for the Chinese troops, and the steam whistle, which calls the men to work in the -morning makes its hoary particles vibrate, and it won ders, I doubt not, with the ghosts of its builders, who are jeuppoBed - to hang about it, what sort of devils are ?working at their magic within. Other wonders of ancient Chinese art and engineering you see scattered throughout the , ruipa of : the Tartar city, where -the: inonarehs held their court. There; are wide streets made of great flags of granite as big as the top of a dining table,* worn by the feet of generations into1 the smooth polish of marble. .'There are five large bridges of heavy stones-put together in beautiful, arches without a key stone, and the fences which line this highway are made : of ? stones mixed with broken tile of the imperial yellow glaze and pieces of dragon discs of the green and red porodaia : . . . j . . which once adorned the palaces of the city and of the shattered marble which formed the artictic walls of the past. The walls of- the Tartar city -which separated it from the common herd still stand in picturesque* ruin, grass grown and crumbling, and beside a pillar of what was once in all proba bility the palace of a prince I saw lying the plastered coffin of a coolie whose poverty prevented his putting ! a mound over it. Close by it in the fields worked other blue-gowned men . and . women digging in the soil once sacred to royalty alone, and my boy led me into a tumbledown palace and showed me two marble stones streaked with red dish veins. ' These,' said he, ' were a part of the floor of the Emperor's palace. One of his nobles had abused his confidence by saying that which he should not, and he straightway had his tongue cut out then and there. The blood from his mouth dropped upon the white marble and stained it as you see.' I took donkeys and rode out into the country afterwads ? to see the tomb of this famous beggar king. He was buried -inder Purple Mountain, about five miles away from here, and his mausoleum must have been one of the most magnificent ever made by man. It comprised in its burial lot an avenue tnrougn the country over looking his city more than a mile in length, and this avenue was lined with gigantic elephants, camels, Uons, and tigers of marble, which still stand in solemn grandeur facing each other in the open fields. There are in addi tion to these giant warriors carved artistically from solid blocks of mar ble, and each of these warriors is about 12ft in height. '? I stood beside one and reached up waTd. My finger nails just touched the elbow of the stone warrior's folded arms. The elephants are as big as was Barnum's Jumbo, and they are cut from solid blocks of marble. Their broad backs are covered with bushels of stones, and the people have a superstition that the man -who can throw a stone and have it remain there will have luck from that time forth. At the beginning of this avenue there is a great tower, with four arched gateways, and in the centre of the interior of this sits a turtle of black marble. It is so large that it would fill the average front parlor, and it is made from a single block of stone. It is the Chinese emblem of longevity, and from its back springs a marble tablet 12ft or 15ft in height, upon which are inscribed the Chinese characters commemorating the greatness of the emperor who lies buried at the other end of the funeral highway. I did not count these immense animals and warriors, but they they stand at short intervals along the avenue leading to the tomb inclosure. They must each weigh many tons, and must have been brought from far in the interior to Nanking. Some ? of the carving upon them is beautifully done, and the figures of the elephants and men are well executed. One of the stone horses has been thrown over, and lies half sunken in a ditch. The figures of others are somewhat broken, but the most of them are as perfect to-day as when they were first erected, 400 or 500 years ago. The tomb, however, is in ruins. It covered several acres, and at its end there are the remains of a great tower of solid masonry, pierced in the centre by a tunnel -walled with marble, which runs from the ground upward at an angle of- 45deg. This tunnel is so high and wide that a train of passenger cars could be run through it without touching the walls, and these walls are of stone, with a dado of marble artistically carved. There was originally a temple on the top of this fort-like mauseoleum ;? the four thick walls of some such buildings still stand, making you think of the grass-grown, moss-covered ruins of Europe. I ate my lunch within them, sitting on a stone, with my feet among the blue wild flowers which were springing out of Hie crev ices between the stones of the grass grown floor. 