kfporting tleidd. [By the Vagrant.] 1 Mr. Mayo intends, I understand, to turn Solon oat {or a reBt. The death is announced of Mr. Donald Wallace's thoroughbred mare Urith. The Canlfield Cup and Melbourne Cup candidate, Tnranaki, has arrived in Melbourne. I am informed that Mr. H. C. White intends to send a shipment of blood stock to England shortly. It is said that a 'Victorian syndicate intends taking over the Warwick Farm course and appoint ments for racing purposes. The annual race meeting of the Singleton Jockey ?Club will be held on Thursday and Friday, October 18 and 19, when the prizes will be liberal. In Melbourne Carnage is said to be galloping in great form at St. Albans, and the son of Mersey is now a pronounced favourite for tho Melbourne Cup at 100 to G. In Melbourne Projectile was backed for more money than any other horso in the Metropolitan. It is said the friends of the son of Chester won ,£12,000 on him. Redfenrn has announced that Aquarius will not start for the Melbourne Cup. Many people ?regarded this horso as a good thing when the weights appeared. An Arab test of a good horse is that he must stand erect upon his legs when drinking from a shallow pool. Observation -will prove that but few horses reach the standard. Impetus, by Salisbury — Impetuous, by Voltigeur — It's Curious (dam of Marvel's sire Marvellous), a colt recently imported by Mr. H. C. White, will pro bably be tried on the Australian turf. The stewards of the Aspendale Park Club have disqualified the notorious trainer James King for assaulting a jockey named Ring, whom he accused of having iaterfered with a horse in a race. Mr. Gray's starting machine was tried. for the ?first time at Randwick on Saturday, and it appears as if it bad come to stay, for the Club has instructed the inventor to fix the implement at various points on the track. The conditions of the Melbourne Cup provide ? that the winner of the .A .J.C. or V.R.U. Derby shall carry not less than 7sfc 61b, and as Bonnie Scotland is only handicapped at 7st 51b, he now has a pound . added to his handicap weight. Mr. T. Stewart has sold his four-year-old horse Bound-about, by Goldsbrough — Merry Go Bound, to Mr. S. Hinton, of Rockhampton, and he has left ? Sydney for his new home. He goes to do stud duty, : and being well grown and bred, ought to prove an . acquisition to the district. After an unprofitable experience with bim Mr. Fielder has returned The Jew to his owner, and the horse is now in the capable hands of Jimmy Smith ? at Singleton. I fancy the son of The Cast Off is not the first bearing the designation that friend ? Sam has found unremunerative. Chesterman, who ran second in the A. J.C. Derby, is in the Caulfield Cup at the minimum weight, and in the Melbourne Cup at 6st. 81b. He is a full brother to Enigma and Escapade, by Chester from Episode (imp.), by See-saw from Tho Inch, by ?Blair Athol. Cheatermau has never won a race. i jAt Williamstown races on Saturday the Steeple ? chase was a chapter of accidents, Geelong, Vengeance II, Siberia. Velocity, and Kapo all fell. Tomlin, the rider of Kapo, had his jaw- bone broken. Hayes also had his collar-bone broken, and the horse Vengeance II. waB injured. The EssendonClubhas won the Victorian football premiership, and scored 150 goals 181 behinds during the season, and 70 goals and 106 behinds were kicked against them. The team scored 66 points out of a possible 72. Melbourne was second, with 52 points; and South Melbourne third, with 44 points. At the sports meeting of the Darlinghurst Harriers and Suburban Bicycle Club on Saturday, Wally Kerr won the One Mile Amateur Champion ship of Australia from A. Brown, »his whilom conqueror Jones, of New Zealand, and two others. It is expected that this ib Kerr's last race on the ' bike.' Cravat (by Castor — Necklace), for whom the Sydney sportsman, Mr. S. Hordern, paid 1050 guineas at the Wellington Park sale in January last, is said to be progressing very satisfactorily in his preparation, and it is expected that he will play a prominent part in the settlement of the Maribyr nong Plate. Ballater*s Baddle shifted back before tbe Spring Stakes on Saturday, and the horse kicked violently and unseated Huxley. He behaved like a mad brute, until he kicked the saddle off, when he galloped down to tho mile post, and was caught and led back. Huxley procured a fresh saddle, and ?remounted him, and the horse ran in the race. Brockleigh, who was originally won in a raffle by Messrs. Parker and Fisher, and was afterwards pur chased outright by the former, has been a very profitable speculation to the Newcastle sportsman. ?He haB won several very good handicaps for him, ? and on Saturday I hear that Mr. Parker landed ?close upon .£2000 on the big son of Goldsbrough. The balance-sheet of the V.A.T.C. for the year ?ending 31st August has been issued, and shews 'that the club is better oif to the extent of .£588 than ?at the corresponding period of last year. The balance to the credit of the club in the bank is .£1133. The January meeting resulted in a loss of £4&, but the other 11 monthly meetings yielded a ?profit. SS'DeBpite tbe persistent remonstrances against Lord Roeebery's horse-racing proclivities, wliioh have been especially numerous from the dissident Liberals, the Premier adheres to his sporting bent. He has entered three horses for the Derby of 1896, ??and has a similar number of entries for the Oaks, while the nominations for the other leading events ~of that year will include one or two more horses of his. Hp to July 23 last, Sir Modred was the most successful stallion in America, his descendants 'having won a total of 110,770dol. in stakes. Mr. Pickwick s progeny followed with 82,165dol., and Darebm was next on the list with 52,220dol. At the same date Sir Modred had Bired more winners than any other horse, 28 of his Btock, of which 7 were tw-year-olds, having been first to pass the ;3udge. a dozen racing ponies were sent from the Manmng lW to the metropolis last week. Three of them belonged to Mr. P. F. McPhellamy, two to Mr. Harry Robinson, and one was Bhipped at; Wingham. Three of them are by the well-known pony sire Coraewell, two by Zulu, and one by The f 0nfi,°;,Mr- Robinson's ponies is full brother -to Zanff and Zeno. I understand the price paid for this oolt as a yearling was £125. . After the Metropolitan Stakes had been run for. « i- er of Projectile was asked what he thought of the race. Luclcman replied that—' at the home turn he thought he had no chance, as Paris was pulling double and he was riding Projectile A stcide or two further on Projectile took the bit in his mouth and galloped over the little horse finding such was the case he allowed Projectile to do what he liked, nnd, as he flew to the front he ? aid not care by how much he won as long as he did 'win.' ' ' The fact of Bonnie Scotland winning our Derby has sent tho brother of Loyalty up to 100 to 18 for tho blue ribbon of our Victorian neigh bours, but Dreamland still keeps his position°as favourite. I am told on the authority of one who \- saw them put togothor that Malachite beat Cobbity ?before the'son of Abercorn came acrosB the border, so that whether Dreamland be good or bad Mr. Gollan's colt is not tho ' dead hook' that backers long and linger for. Since the initiation of racing at Randwick, Satur day was the first day Mr. Thomas Ivory was not present at the sport at the A. J.C. head- quarters. The absence of the veteran was due to an accident which he met, and those who know tl'e old man will regret with me tbat bis failing sight now pre cludes him from enjoying the game which he loves so well. How Mr. Ivory must regret at times that he how has nothing to carry the blue and straw banner so prominently as Sweetmeat and Lord Burghley did in the past ! At a meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association held in Sydney on Monday night, a motion was proposed by Mr. Portus that the new rule adopted by the Marylebone C.C. ra following on be also adopted by the New South Wales Cricket Association, and that all matches controlled and managed by the association be controlled there under. The rule provides that the side which goes in Bccond shall follow on if they have scored 120 runs less than their opponents in a three days' match, or 80 less in a two days' mttcb. The discussion on the matter was postponed sine die. Messrs. J. Portus, H. Moses, and F. Iredale were chosen as the selection committee for the ensuing season. f Lanky Bob Fitzaimmons continues to climb the ladder of pugilistic fame round by round. Recently at Buffalo (N.Y.). the tall New Zealander, who weighed exactly 12at., met Frank Kellar, champion heavyweight of Michigan, and winner oE 37 battles, in what was designed to be a tour rounds go, but which was cut much shorter. Kellar scaled 10lb. more than Fitzsimmuns, but had no chance with the crack middleweight, who at tho commoocs ment of the second round struck Kellar a fearful blow on the jaw with his right band, and the man fell like a log, whilst blood gUBhed from his mouth, ears, and nose. It re quired ten minutes' hard work on the part of his attendants to bring him round.. Since tho distance of the Metropolitan Stakes — founded in 1866 when Bylang won from Yattendon over two miles — has been altered, Althotas, Paris, and Projectile have be^n Bucc&sful;, and tho best time was done by the first named, who cast the mile and a half behind him in 2'36J, Mr. Lee's horse being followed home by old Vespasia, who had also been trained at Newcastle. Last year Paris unexpectedly scored in 2.40}, and the record put up onTuefday by Projectile was just 3J seconds faster than that. Projectile won so nicely at the end that it is probable he would have beaten Althotas's time if he bad been ridden right out. OE the thoroughbreds imported ty Mr. H. C. White last week three are fillies and one a colt. Muta is a filly by Bendigo — Mutina, by Wenlock from Modena, by Parmesan from Archeress. Im petus (colt), by Salisbury — Impetuous, by V oltigeur — It's Cutioup, has Irish Birdcatcher blood in plentv. Salisbury, the sire of Impetus, is by Camballo — True Blue, by Oxford out of Smilax, by Windhound. Lady Randolph is a bay filly, by Prince Rudolph — The Lady, by Charibert eut of Select, hy Thunderbolt. Prince Rudolph is by Prince Charlie — Hester, by Thormanby, from Tomyria. Felucca is a bay filly, by Hazelhatcb — Galleon, by Sterling fromTypolite, by Toxopholite. Hazelhatch ia by Hermit, from Hazeldean, by Cathedral from Nutbrush, by Filbert. A little time ago, when people were arguing what should be done with wagers dependent on TattersaU s Club postponed meeting, persons wno had backed Seaman for the Tramway Handicap could not see the justice of crying ofE their bets, but probably since the son of Navigator burst a blood vessel on Saturday they have changed their minds. Mr. Clift's horse was backed heavily by the proper persons for the Tramway, but it is scarcely possible that he will now start, and so they have been ' put in the cart' as the saying goes. By the way some yearB ago I knew a litt'e cheatnut horse called Reform that bled at the .?nouth or nostrils after nine out of ten gallops tbat he did, and he never seemed the worse for it. The jockey used to, though, for covered with gore as he was wont to be he was a deplorable object. Although I do not know what sort are the thoroughbred stallions in the Wollombi and Cess nock districts, yet I am quite satisfied that in Mr. John Doyle's Vermont Jnnior, by the import d American horse of the same name, the breeders in the places named have an excellent specimen of a stallion that should be very valuable for the pro duction of a useful class of stock extending from the dashing buggy horse to the liigh-stepping carriage pairs. The Cessnosk Vermont Junior is a rich brown in colour with black points and the soundest of bone, whilst his head is neat and intelligent. He stands 1G.1 in height, and ia possessed of great strength in the thighs, arms, and shoulderB, whilst his back is short and his middle well ribbed up. He seems to have the much admired action of the American trotter, too, and is credited with carving out a mile in 2 51. It is just about time to commence to ask our selves — What is a dangerous candidate fcr the Cups ? Between Patron, Carnage, and Light Artillery the most expert judges do not profess to findmucb difference, bo that it is probable very little exists. That being bo it doeB not look good business to take 100 to 6 or 100 to 5 about any of the trio after the indifferent style in which two of them cut up in the Spring Stakes on Saturday last. They may improve, aod doubtless will, before tile eventful day in November dawns upon ub, .but I fancy it would be the best policy to wait and see how they get on and off during the interval. Horses that are very nicely handicapped for the the Cups are Isaac and Ruenalf, and I will not be surprised to see Tar cnola and Brockleigh also well backed for the Flemington event before many weeks elapse. It is, however, too soon to attempt any definite selec tion. When Projectile as a yearling was offered for sale he very much took the fancy of Mr. John Mayo, who bid 300 guineas for him, and upon thiB there was no advance. However, inatead of ' knocking down ' the son of Chester and Percussion, as he was expected to do, the knight of the hammer explained that the amount offered by Mr Mayo was not ag much as was expected by the vendor, anrt he would i:i-« :c T\T_ HT ? JIJ .LJ..L i_ _ ? 11. J.t__ llftu, It 'XI , U1U IIUIj UU|t'Ul», GO UOUBUlli ljuts person for whom he was doing business before completing the transaction, but. doubtless the said affair would be settled satisfactorily. Mr. Mayo had no objection to this step, but he heard no more of the sale and did not bother making any enquiry about the consultation which had taken place. Subsequently Projectile fouud his way into the stable of ' the syndicate,' and the Maitland sports man probably never regretted tlie result of the business until yesterday, when the horse so com fortably settled Lady Trenton in the last furlong of the race for the Metropolitan. I have occasionally fallen across — metaphorically speaking — accounts of prolific mares and sires, and so tho following information supplied me by Mr. Percy Lee, the well-kmwn and capable stud groom at Turanville may be of interest : 'We have a mare here. Hippy O, by Yorkshire Hero (imp.), which Mr. Cook purchased in 1881 with a foal at foot, by Sir Benjamin and stinted to Gainsbrough. Sbe had in '82 a foal to Guinsbrough ; in '83 a foal to Cocli of the Wlak (imp.) ; in '84 ditto; in '85 ditto; in *86 foal to Marcellous (imo.), in '87 ditto; in '88 ditto ; in '89 ditto ; in '90 foal to Bellarmin ; in '91 ditto ; in '92 a foal to Purston Shales ; in '93 foal to Barb Shales ; on August 12, 1894, the old dame dropped a dead foal to Barb Shales. This gives fourteen foals in fourteen years, and I need scarcely say that if anyone has a mare that tbey can give a guarantee of like results from tho stalwart squire of Turanville would like to hear from them. ? It was a tremendous day for Tocal at Randwick on Saturday, for the pedigree of overy horse that won a race there— with the exception of B'innio Scotlaud — can be directly traced as coming from that venerable and wonderful old stud which nestles away so retiringly in the shadow of the Paterson hills. Bingara, who won tho Hurdle Race, is by Tho Gem (son of Kelpie and Ida), who did good service for Mr. John Mayo, and who was bred by Mr. Reynolds. Isaac, who secured the Trial Stakes, is by Splendor — Old Wife, and was bred at Tocal. So, too, was Uabba, who is by Splendor out of China Rose, and who won tDe Epsom Handicap; and Clinker, who landed tn Kensington Handicap, is by tho same successful aire out|of the old- fashioned dame Claribel, a member of the Sweetheart family. Brockleigh, ap ib well known, is a son of the mighty GoldBbrougb, ana a good son, too. Billy Boy, who ran second m the Hurdle Race, is by the same sire. Thus an Australian, now in England, writes to a Sydney contemporary : ?' Mr. Fred Dangar, with his usual liberality and keen love of sport, especi ally in connection with anything Australian, brought off a successsul cricket match at Ealing during the bank holidaya. The Australian team he got together went to the wickets and remained there all day, totting up some 280 odd runs, on ^hicb number Mr. Waddy (son nf Mr. 'Dick Waddy, Morpeth), scored GO runs. As in the Grace family, so in the Waddy's cricket appears to be hereditary: This is Percy Waddy who when at King s School, Parramatta, about twelve months ago not only orcolUnt form in the cricket field, but also carried off the scholarship entitling him to a three years' course at Oxford University, where he is at present pursuing his studies. It is scarcely neces ary to add that the Percy Waddy who is keeping up the family's prestige in England is a nephew ot our Mr. Percy M. Waddy, known far and wide as one of the most enthusiastic and successful cricketers in the Northern district. I wish he may have luck during the coming season. The members of the Newcastle Jockey Club are somewhat excited just now, and naturally so. It is not generally known that much of the Newcastle course is undermined by the A. a.. company, wnien owns the property, but it is, and men who have worked in the cavernous depths beneath have told me that whilst they were busy winning coal it was no unusual occurrence to hear the stride of nags above them winning, or loging, money — a3 the case may be— for the general public. Some years ago, after the spacious Leger stand had been built, there was a subsidence of portion of the track which broke the railing and which shifted tbe large structure some inches. A few days ago there was a fall-in in the vicinity of the convincing ground, and when once these begin there is no telling where they will end, so that some of the racing men of the seaside city are troubled bv a haunting fear that some day they will be treated to the unique spectacle of a whole field of j horses, starter, jockeys and all being suddenly swallowed up by the hungry earth. I understand that a deputation from the N.J.C. is to wait upon j the representatives of the A. A. Co. to learn how matters stand underground. I am pleased to hear that the blood stock at Turanville are juBt now doing well, and that the beautiful and famous stud will be able to show visitors and buyers a great collection of aristocratic equines when we foregather there next January or February. So far about 70 foals have been dropped, the thoroughbred score being as under : — Epigraph (by Epigram from Kate, by Maribyr nong), bay colt to Glenalvon ; Virgin (by Gemma di-Vergy from Eleanor), bay filly to Fu=ileer ; Malta Mare (by Malta from Lucy DiBbwood, by Tim Whiffler), brown colt to Fusileer ; May, Shanks' dam, (by Bulginbar from La Valette), chestnut filly to Invader ; Babette (by Goldsbrough from Paradise), brown colt to Invader ; Dcodee, Grandlike's dam (by Kelpifl from Alpha), bay filly to Invader; Isabella, Bellman's dam (by The Drummer from Bella), bay colt to Bellarmin ; Honeymoon, Ginger's dam (by Maribyrnong from Grey Bridesmaid),. bay filly to Fusileer; Mautilini (by Lord of Lmne from Yattendon mare), bay colt to Invader; Kafe (by Maribyrnong from Stella), brown filly to Fusileer ; Patience, sister to Drill dool (by Goldsbrough from Miss Livingstone), brown filly to Fusileer ; Annetta (by Kingsbrough from Gitana), bay filly to Fusileer; Lola (by Clievedon from Lottie), bay colt to Fusileer; Cual (by Grandmaster from Camilla), bay colt to FuBi leer ; Phcebe (by Phcobus by Yattendon, from Miss PhcBbe by Kingston), black colt to In vader; Mayflower, Miles Standi6bs' dam (by Spartan from My Queen), brown colt to Bellarmin. The Nobleman (by The Australian Peer — Paradox) was firat favourite for the A.J.C. Derby, and, Bome what strange to Bay, the mare dropped a full broth, er to Mr. Anderson's colt on Saturday (Derby day). Noblesse Oblige would not be a bad designa tion for the little stranger. During the past few years it has become the fashion to grumble incontinently with the quality of our Derby candidates and to compare tbem in any thing but a complimentary light with previous winners of the blue ribbon. Last season but little fault could be found with Carnage, who won the V.R.C. Derby like a racehorse, whilst little Tren chant, whoBe victory in the classic race at Band — „,oo „ a fllO „ much better horse when thoroughly well than most people gave him credit for, albeit he did not approach the standard of Abercorn and other three-year-olds whose names are on the famous roll. This BeaBon, however, people who believe that men and horses are retrograding should be in the height of their glory, for they can point out that never before was a machine used at Randwick to start a race, whilst ftie animals that paraded for the blue ribbon were — judged by the book — a very bad lot. It may be argued that Nobleman's past performances indicate that the son of Th« Austra lian Peer is a really good colt, but on the other hand his showing on Saturday was that of a tremendous duffer, although of course this form may later on be proved all wrong. Still memory fails to recall to my mind a desperately hard puller that ever reached higher than medicore. It was expected that Cobbitty would ripen into a good three-year-old, but his first effort at that age Bhowed tbat he possessed all the bad qualities of his half brother Camoola without his few good attributes. Regina, the only mare that started, was small and in every way out-classed, even in euch a collection, whiUt the neat little First Shot is not too large for tbe galloway ranks. Chesterman, who represented tbe once powerful syndicate's stable, has so far not won a raee ; indeed until Saturday he had failed to get a place in the most . indifferent company, and so tho fact of him getting to within a head of Bonnie Scotland says very little for the ultimate winner, who was, how ever, not so forward, as some of his opponents, and he may thus be trusted to improve somewhat. Perhaps the only colt on Saturday that may have anything like a brilliant future is jur. n. u. w nice s gigantic cnestnut atlas, wno is too clumsy and furnished to show hia proper strength at the present juncture, but if lie be given time he should grow into as fine a horse as his sire Cranbroob, and he may stay somewhat better, too. Whilst at the coursing match at East Maitland on Saturday, I took the opportunity of seeing how the work of forming tho racecourse there was pro gressing, and Mr. Mat. Murphy, who takes great interest in the matter, very kindly gave me some particulars anent it. The old course was an unpromising site for a convincing ground, as it was very undulating, being a suceession of hills, hollows, tiny watercourses, and sparse timber, but it is hopefully expected that by the time the flag is unfurled on the new course there will be a great transformation for the better. The ancient rustic and primitive grandstand will be dis pensed with, and will be replaced some time in the hereafter by a neat and more modern structure in a better position, and indeed this should be done as Boon after business has been com menced as possible, for a grandstand and sad dling paddock — properly enclosed — are great revenue producers. The track will be of an attrac tive shape and about a mile and four chains round, with a straight a quarter of a mile in length, 40ft. wide, and almost on a dead level. At the turn past the winning post another straight will be entered by a gradual sweep, and along hero it is in tended to get the track as level as possible by a cutting some 8ft. d-ep, which will be sloped off, so as notto hide the horses. Wherethe small watercourses could not be dodged they have been spanned by substantial and wide culverts, whikt the horses will traverse portion of th« back of the course along an embankment 40ft wide, which should be sufficient for tho fields which will Btart at East Maitland. This rise from the old level of the track makes tho ascent of the hill leading into tho straight less severe than formerly, and indeed this will be tho only bit of climbing to be dono all round, and that will not bo steep. The home turn might with advantage have been a trifle wider, but it iB ngt probable that the nags will be travel ling at a great rate here, aud there is no corner to speak of. Tho contract for cleaning and forming is held by Mr. O'Brien, of Louth Park, and the price is £300. The design of the track, levels, and other professional information has been supplied gratuitously by a popular gentleman who shall be nameless, and as the land is a gift from the Government the Jockey Club has so far been called upon for very little money. Situated as it is bo conveniently to the railway line, and to Victoria street platform, whilst a large population resides in the immediate vicinity, the course should be a popular rendezvous of sportsmen in the Northern district—that is, if the good times return. I hope they will for the sake of tho club and for all our sakes. Sport began at Randwick on Tuesday with the Shorts, which attracted a very large and good field made up of twenty-four runners._ Swagman and Messmate were made equal favourites at 5 to 1, but whilBt the former displayed a lot of pace and a faint-heart, the other was never prominent, and there was nothing in it at tho end but Whakawatea, bv Aoremont — Becky Sharp, who carried the steadier of 9st. 31b., and who is now ahout the beat sprinter we have in this colony. The big New Zealander occupied l-15J in runningthejourney,and Collarette and Brolga — once owned, trained, and raced in Singleton — were second and third. It is unusnal to Beo a decent field, so far as numbers go, stripped for the Oaks, and thia year was no exception to the rule, for of the original 28 nominations only three fillies sported silk for the ' ladies race.' Hirondelle waB moat fancied, but the daughter of Lochiel cut up very badly, and ran last instead of firat, Acmena leading all the way and winning easily. The winner is a very nmrtll Unf « Aft f. A n ri rrh r\t TWar Hw i-TTnri rw n.n-l f.tlA flying Acme, and as a two-year-old was quite at the top of the tree. Why Blarneystona Bhould be backed in preference to Chesterman or The Pos sible for the Spring Maiden Stakea is a puzzle to me, but it was so, and punters reaped the reward of their folly, for Marvel's brother did not get a place. The Possible, who is by Nordedfeldt out of Maxim's dam Realisation, won easily from the gigantic Atlas, whose defeat of Chesterman after the Derby form is well-nigh inexplicable. Twenty-one horses had their toilets attended to ' for the Metrop., but with the exception of aay half a dozen candidates there was not much wagering. There were many Maitland and Newcaatle visitors in the yard who were on Lady Trenton almost to a man, whilst the big punters or Sydney staked very consistently on Paris. Mr, Mayo was very confident that his mare would win, and the only one from whose direction he looked for danger was Projectile, who was backed at 8's to 1, Lady Trenton and Paris being equal at 6 to 1. iEolus was started in tbe interests of his stable mate, and also to have an indtpendent run for the gentleman who drew him in ' Tatteraall's' consultation. A description of the race has been read, and I will only add that some people blamed Gough for keeping Lady Trenton in a bad position so long and then coming with her too soon, but I understand that tne man most interested — air. Mayo — was quite satisfied at the manner in which his mare was handled, and readily acknowledges that the best animal at the weights won. The other Northern representatives Nightingale (who was well backed) and Jeweller (who wasn't) ran fairly well, but Projectile had everything as deid aa Juliua Cte?ar, and it may be that he will yet well repay Tom Payten for all the care and attention bestowed od him. The finish between Mutiny, Helios, and Sneaker in the Steeplechase was one of the best ever Been at Randwick, and they passed the post in the order given. The winner waa bred in New, Zea land and is by The Mute from Lady Max well. Some surptiee was evinced at seeing Underwood on the back of Reckless in this race, for it was generally understood that his wife had died the previous day, and that being so Underwood did not display very good taste, and he may have been reminded of this when Reckless fell with him and broke his collar-bone. It is so long now since Gingham has earned a bit of oats for herself that few can begrudge Mr. Forrester his win in the Squatters' Handicap with the daughter of Grand Flaneur, who just beat the New Zealand mare Response and King Orry. Although only one favourite was successful at Randwick'on Saturday the countrymen who made' the pilgrimmage to- the headquarters of tbe Aus tralian Jockey Club did fairly well in their contest with the fielderB, and bo returned to their deserted homes and virtuous couches in a cheerful if not de lighted frame of mind. At least some of the Mait landers who backed three winners, but who did not see the Hurdle Race, did. There was ten runners for this event, and Billy Boy, on the strength of the form he had recently shown in Victoria, was favourite, but he was beaten somewhat easily at the end by Bingara, who waa only purchased by Kelso from Pay ten at the Hawkesbury meet ing, so that he was not long in repaying the owner of Orville Lodge for his outlay. With the exception perhaps of King Orry and Isaao, the nine horses saddled up for the Trial Stakes were indifferent specimens. The first named waa favourite at 6 to 4, with Ibbbc next in demand, and 10 to 1 could be had about the others. It was whispered before the start that Isaac was just as good a horse as Jeweller, and indeed the result went far to prove thiB, for the brown gelding won withont an effort from Fielder's crack and Marvel's brother Blarneystone. Isaac has been heavily sup ported for the Caulfield Cup, for which he has been handicapped at 7st. 71b., just a atone lets than he carried on Saturday. Isaac's dam, Old Wife, is by Piscator out of Ragpicker (full sister to Sylvia, dam of Robin Hood, Goldsbrough, Martini-Henry, etc.), so that he is a beautifully bred fellow. As a yearling he waa very small, owing to his dam being a bad mother, but he was one of the fastest youngBters ever seen in the paddock at Tocal. For the Derby, which followed, the whole of the acceptors (eight) saddled up, but good judges say that barring Nobleman and Bonnie Scotland there was nothing among the others worth much attention. The biggest youngster that stripped waa Atlas, who is described as look ing like the ghost of his sire Cranbroob. Cheeter xnan had few admirers at any time, and fewer still when Huxley rode Atlas in pre ference to him. The race was a bit of a surprise, as Nobleman, who was favourite, pulled like a steam engine for a mile and was then beaten, and Bonnie Scotland appeared to have his fMd settled when Chesterman went in pursuit, and was only beaten by a head after a desperate finish, Cobbitty beirg third, Nobleman fourth, and Glenullin last. The winner is by St. Georgd out of Fair Nell, and is thuB own brother to Loyalty. He is eneraeed in the V.R.C. Derhir. nnrl ;= ftio nmnnh oE that good New Zealand sportsman Mr. S. H. Gollan. Chesterman, who created intense surprise by running second, is by Chester out of Episode (dam of Enigma), whilst Cobbitty is by Abercorn out of Copra (dam of Camoola), so that the placed horses belong to the same family on the sire's side, as Chester and St. George are brothers, and Aber corn it a son of the former. The scratching of Brockleigh and iEolus for the Epsom Handicap brought joy to the heart of fielders, for both horses had been heavily backed. Mr. Parker, who owns the former, preferred to go for the weight-for-age races, whilst Mr. Mayo did not relish taking the leavings of some Hungry backers who had got all the nice morsels attached to iEolus. The backers of Seaman were also unfortunate, for the son of Navigator burst a blood vessel whilst cantering in the morning, and again bled copiously when doing his preliminary for the race, and was withdrawn. His supporters did not get a run for their money, but they will nevertheless have to pay and look contented. The race has already been described in our columns, so it only remains for me to say that Uabba won like a racehorse, and that his owner, Mr. John Dykes, and a friend are reported to have drawn over £10 000 from Mr. Oxenham by the victory. Uabba spoilt a clever coup by Mr. Kelso with Volney, but some who watched the race closely fancy that if Euroka could have got out of the bustle at the finish my tip would have won. The Spring Stakea attracted one of the best fields that ever went out for a weight-for age race at Randwick, but nothing had a chance, with big Brockleigh, who started favourite, and who simply cantered home before Ruenalf and Paris, it is quite evident that over distances which he can stay Brockleigh is tho best horse in Australia, and that when 'Teddy' KeyB backs Ruenalf for a handicap he must nearly cop. It is probable that two or three horses that finished out of a place were not seen at their best, but nothing could beat Brockleigh. Clinker's very easy win iu the Ken sington Stakes from Palo Alto and Launceston waB unexpected. 