THE OLD PIANO. By Mbb. M. L. Batne. It etcol in the show window of a large music store on a much-frequented avenue, awl as iter extreme" old a«« and ug'im sb were accentuated by a price mark, some of the passere-by paused to inspect tbe valu able ruin. " Papa, did they make ugly little frights of pidcoe like that for people to play on ?" asked a happy child of her joung father. " Not in my day, chiU," answered tbe father, gently amused. "Is that1 h • thing my grandmother playr d when she was young ?" asked a graceless youngster of a white-haired man beside 1 him. ! " Your grandmother was not born when that thing was made, boy," retorted tbe grandfather disdainfully. j No one admired the ancient outlawed thing that was jeered at for its awkward ness, and it stood there alone of its kind, stiff and clumsy, showing through its cracked coat of veneer all the landmarks of time, the pitiful heipieesoesa of age. Presently a quaint old woman with a basket on her arm hobbled up to tbe window. In earlier days she had been known as a " character," now she was shunned sb a crank. Her drers—if snch it could be called—was the rags of a gentlewoman. Her face resembled those porcelain lamps in which a rose light burns. Bat bar light had gone out, leaving an ash colour. When she saw tbe old piano with its yellow keys set far apart hke the Sentinel teeth of age, she clasped her shrivelled hands and gave a great cry. " Wbere did they Gad it ? and how dare they exhicit ii here ? When I saw it last 'twas in grandfather's room with the tall olook and (ho old barmoninm. It was old, old then. I n?ed to ; la; for the poor old mill wh»n I wis home from school—that wis before I <an away with handsome Harry. Ah, me, ah, me, there is some thing wrong here"—she tapped her head lightly—"it's all wrong—a mad world, m? masters." Then she laughed shrilly, and the crowd cheered her good-hnmoredly. "It won't epsak fir yon, bat I can make it sing—listen 1 * she shrilled. The crowd made way for her to enter the store and the dealer, thinking to ad vertise his antiqae possession, helped the litite old woman up into the window and seated her before the old piano as if she had been a prima' donna. Selfishness, my brothers. It is at the root of miahy a kindly action in this world, bat then " Tinkle-tinkle-tinkle. The sounds pro duced from those yellow keys were not as mosical as a sheep bell's jingle, bat the crowd laughed and cheered, and the fiail ol i fingers—it wbs said they had done the biSm&SB; for handsome Harry, bat that was when she was mad—struck a thi rd, aid " Auld Lang Syne" floated ontin a waird melody that was foil of passion and piin, and the robbing of the loneliness of 1 fe. Then a pause and the accustomed fingers str-ck an air of the past, and a mournfully sweet voice song the words of an old love song: " Once yon said you loved me dearly." , The people whispered to e;ch other that she had been a great musician in her day and pressed forward to hear her and —no one emiled. "I'll bay that old piano," said a gruff voice,it's got more music to the Equare inch thin any-of your new-fangled instru ment b—it's got a soul in it, so it has." " Did they tell you I was false, Harry darling ?" She aang the old Bong through, and broke off to give them " Bonaparte Cress log the Alps." They could hear the very tramp of the martial feet as her Sogers strack the loose keys that responded with their last thrilljrf harmony to her com pelling toocb. • It's a trick to sill the piano—(hi music-de.ler stands ia with her—bntshe and the old instrument are mates," B:iid a man in (he crowd. " Aye," answered his friend ; " like those bird-whistles the street fakirs s 11— no one ever cm make such mnsio oat of them as those fellows do. It'e one of the tricks of the trade." Toe eld wonsn turned a white, tired face on-tfaem. " Ghosts, ghosts, all of ye'; bat 'his is real," and she tonched the kejs, that an swered with a plaintive air. ■'Mid," they whinpendlo each other. Bat the music she played held them epell boODd. It was the cry tf the homeless, the desolate, voiced like a prayer. M-jd took off their hats sod bowed their heads ; women eobb d. Toe music b c una a caant—a requiem : "There's no place like home, Tnere's no place lik » bo oie, Home, sweet, sweet home." As the last note died away, the eingrr laid h«-r head on the keys, and—did not lilt it again. " This piano ia sold," said the dealer, aa he stepped to his show-window and dropped the enrtain. Mrs Da Pick : " I am amazsi, bit, that yon should propose to my daughter. Why, she la just out of boarding-school, and you have mi known her a week," Young Man (i smart felloe) : "True, raadame, bat I. nave known yon for some tinie, and everybody jiyr yosr daughter takes alter you.'' ''That young widow Flison is qnite a dashing creature, don't you think?" "I gates yon are right She dashed my hopes mctet effectually when I asked her to marry me " ' Glorious 1 Old fellow, so her her father said yea when you asked him?" "Yes.'' 1 How did you put the question P" " Asked him if he had any objection to me." Byers—" What was your idea in getting vaccinated on your rheumatic arm?" Seller—"Economy of pain. It couldn't make the arm hart worse than it did al ready." Little Effiie (who has stroked the kitten until she has begun to purr)—" Maudie, do you hear that?" Sister Maud—"Hear what, Effie ?" Effle—" Why, I do believe kitty's boiling." Sympathetic Widow—"Have you been fortunate in your love affairs f" Interest ing subject—" Yes, very. I never yet fel in lore witb a girl who would marry me." He—'V What about those new neighboui s you called on to-day P" She—" Well, they eaid they had come to the village to Avoid society and begged me to call often." Tramp—" Say, governor, yon wanter get medal from the humane society P" Gentleman—" Through yon P" Tramp— rYes. Give me a dollar and you'll save both our lives." 