THE STOCK AND BRANDS OFFICE. Iiik Minister for Minos and Agriculture has tabled the aonuai report of tho etoek and brands branch of tho Department of Minos and Agricul ture in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon. At tention is drawn to the iucrcase in the number of cuttle during lant year— tho number is 2,155,500, us against 2,157,074 in 1892— And tho Under-Bec- rclary for Alines nnd Agriculture suggests that this may to some extent ho duo to tho prospective inurcusu in dairying throughout the colouy. A slated that it it so small as to need no notice, nnd it is also remarked with expressions of eatisfaa- tiou that in thu largo majority of distriote tho breed is improving, ami that the animals are generally free from discaso. The decrease la com prised in 17 head, the number in tho colony in 1593 being 481,369, aod in 1892 411,416. In sheep there was at the end of last year a decrenso uf 1,099,426, the number being 56, 9S0, 888 in 1803, as uguiiist 58,080,1 14 in 1892, uud tlo decrease is attributed to the numbers boiled down and ex ported, und to hud soasons in somo districts, satisfaction is expressed at tho attention which exporting the frozen mutton is attract ing, nnd the Uudcr Secretary observes : — 44 Thero is ample room for considerable expansion, as tho ucting chief iuspcctor estimates the cast M fat sheep for tho ensuing season at 5.708.446, whcrcus, so for as I havo been Able to oscertaio, our export for frozoii meat last year was ooly 436.709 sheep, 47,241 hounohes of mutton, and 5670 quarters of beef. Representatives of somo of thu largo firms of England who havo recently visited theso colonies with tho object of taking slock of our resources havo assured the depart ment that iu various part3 of Groat Britan thoro uro imincnso murkets which huvo not been tapped. Fur example tho opening of tho Manchester Shin Gaual will cuublc us to reach an immenso popula tion uf well paid artisaus, who may bo reasonably expected to becomo big consumers of Australian mutton." As cnguute to the frozen meat export question, the secretury mentions tho satifactory prices realised in London for rabbits sent thither, and suggests that by tho aid of rabbit proof net ting au incxpeusive mode of trapping on a largo eculo might be introduced, which, if supplemented by the best methods uf preparing ./or export, might devolop u lucrative trade. In conclusion ho refers to the wool olip, aud notes, with gratifica tion, thut the eatimato shows an iuorcsse of 18,160,9141b. over clip of lust year, anl that eaob year the proportion of our clip shipped' >£e»oi Syduey und Newcastle is increasing, and that sent through Melbourne aud Adelnido is decreasing, Tho clip for 1803 is estimated ut 288,534,1581b. Municipal Council. —The usual fortnightly mooting of tho Council takes place this (Monday) evening The only motion on tho paper has referso tho Water Bye- laws. TuVltiVAOoiK Ghost. — This 11 spook" has . .Vuoeu partimlarly lively during the Wrek, and we hope to bo ablo iu our next issue to give full particulars of his latest prauks. He has, we understaud, boen practising incendiarism. The Gilgandka Bore. — Mr. Czarlinsky, an enginoor ooansuted with the Works Department, has been officially Inspecting tho Gilgandra bore. Mr. J. A. Bdokland'o Trotters. — At tho Bourke Show, Mr. J. A. Bucklaod had it all his own way, and St. Louis and Fritz scooped the pool. A Local Play.— On the 7th of June, a drama, written by Mr. H. B. Delauney, entitled, " The Relief of Luoknow," will bo produced by amateurs connected with the Dubbo Volunteer Corps. It Is a drama In threo acts, and eon talus somo highly eosatlooal saturations. The performance is to be oa behalf of the widow and children of the late Private Herdman. Auction Sale.— On Wednesday next, Mr. E. N. Blaoket will offer for sale, ou aceoont of Mr. H. A. D. O'Connor (who is leaving for Warren), the whoto of his household furniture. The sale will take ptaco at Mr. O'Conuor's residence, Brisbane- street. Bank op New Zealand. — Mr. Androws, general manager and inspector of the Bank of Now ealand In Australia, is now on a visit to Dubbo. His object, it is understood, is to inspect South Balladoran, a property that fell into the buuk's hsnds some time ago. Surprising that there aro still some people who So further and faro worse in the way of soap than y obtaining tho Standard Surprise in circllo braud and trade mark, by whloh J. Carr's manufacturers are now so well and favourably known. Good frioods don't repeat. Duboo Flour at Bourke.— Mr. E. G. Adams ohairmau of the Bourd of Directors, luforms us that tho flour of tho Dubbo Co- operativo Milling Company, exhibited at the Bourke Show, was highly praised by all, and was awarded by the judges a special first prize. Rapid Bay Giule.— A telegram from Adulaido states: A number of lively girls at Rapid Bay, a small town on the south coast, have beco cuuaiug scandal bv assuming mule attire, bluckening their fuces, and ualliag at various houses, frighteniug women and children. A vigilance societyjfias been formed whloh will Inflict eastigatiou upon the errlog damsels when they aro caught. Birthday Honours. — Hie Excellency the Governor has received a cable from the Secretury of Stoto for the Colonies informing him that her .Majesty tbo Queen boa conferred tho honour of Koight Commander of the Order of St. Michael and St. George (K.C.M.G.) on the Hon. John Lackey, President of the Legislative Council, and the hoooar of Kuigbt Bachelor on tho Hon. Dr. Renwick, M.L.C. The Law on Counterfeit Money.— Tho Full Court 00 Friday quashed the conviction at the Tamworth Assizes of Patrick M'Mahon, alias u Paddy the Chum,' for possessing counterfeit coins with intent to utter them. It was held by them ths£ the possession of counterfeit coins for the purpose 01 cheating at play was not au "utteriug witnm tna meaning 01 the law, Nearly Poisoned.— The Elong correspondent of the Mudgre "Post" writes: Some men were very nearly poisoned at Nurrun the other day. It appears that a tramp, who woo camping in tho hearots' hut, was making a dumper, and, being short of flour, saw some iu the wooUhcd in a dish underneath the oloaniug machine, aud took a hand ful out of it to make his datr.per with, uot knowing It was poisoned. It was pot there for the purpose of destroying mice. A stranger, who came along shortly afterwards, was askeu to partake of some of It, and after tastiog It said it was very bitter, aod asked the other whore ho got tho flour. Ho told him he took some out of a dish in the shed. Luckily the mistake was discovered in time. This shows how cautious ' travellers should be in using aoythlog of the kind they see lying about. 