MARRIAGE IN RUSSIA. WHEN a young man in Russia takes a fancy to a maiden he sends his mother or some other matrimonial medium to the parents of the girl to negotiate for her dowry. As an incidental, he has no objection to any chance affection she may have to bestow along with it. The girl has no voice in the matter ; often has an offer of marriage accepted or rejected by proxy without knowing any- thing about it. This custom has one thing in its favor : it certainly saves a great deal of wear and tear to her feelings. The marriage settlement being satis- factory, the courtship begins. The youth must never go to the house of his betrothed without taking her a gift. A long courtship in this country would be liable to bankrupt a man. However, it is not the custom to linger long in this primrose borderland. A betrothal is almost as binding as marriage itself. There is never a slip between the cup and the lip, save for very grave and serions reasons. At the betrothal feast the girl cuts off a lock of her hair in the presence of wit- nesses, in order that it may be authentic, and gives it to her betrothed, who in turn gives her a silver ring set with turquois. These rings are kept as heirlooms in the family, but never must they do duty twice. They never use a second-hand engagement ring in Russia. What becomes of the lock of hair history does not inform us. It is safe to suppose, however, that it depreciates in value as the years roll on. A well-to-do bride brings her husband a dozen shirts, a dressing-gown, and a pair of slippers. She is supposed to have spun the flax and woven the cloth and made the garments with her own hands. The fact is, she often buys them ready-made. Before the wedding the dowry is on exhibition and is blessed by the priest. Thus we see that in Russia, as well as other places nearer home, the most interesting part of the ordinance of holy matrimony is the avalanche of good clothes it brings with it. In the upper and middle classes the bridegroom gives a bachelor dinner the night before the wedding. The bride- elect at the same time goes with her friends to the bath. At the appointed time the bridegroom comes to claim his bride. She falls upon her knees before her parents and craves forgiveness for the follies of her youth. They kiss her, giving her bread and salt, typifying the necessities of life, leaving the door open behind her when she goes out, indicating that she still has a home in her father's house. We have now the happy pair at the altar, with lighted tapers in their hands to signify aspiration, the loud voice of the priest uttering a short prayer ; the ring which they exchange with each other in token of the trinity, and the cup of wine from which they drink, a symbol of eternal love. Three times the bride parades around the altar with a crown of gilt held just above her head, by an important functionary whom she chooses for the office, but he must on no account tread on the hem of her garment or derange her headdress, as he will be denounced by the lookers-on for a heretic. This personage has also other con- nubial porterage to look after, he must attend to the lighted tapers and carry the piece of carpet apon which the couple are to kneel for the priest's blessing. By the way, the one who is first to touch this bit of carpet with the foot is supposed to rule the domestic kingdom. It is only fair to say that the bride usually gets there on time. Thus ends the symbolic marriage. Although the service of the Greek Church is more dramatic and fuller of significant detail than the Roman Church, and that is elaborate compared with the German or Protestant Church, yet in Russia they do not waste much real sentiment on marriage. There are parties who regularly contract for marriage unions, a kind of real, estate agency in connubial felicity, upon which they get a percentage of the spoils. There were marriage fairs held formally in St. Petersburg and Moscow, but now only in provincial towns, where men and maids resort. The rich man may take his pick. Sometimes people travel long journeys to attend these fairs. Now, however, the better classes do not, so they are the popular resort of servant girls who get a week's leave of absence for the marriage fair and often come back unwedded, but as much demoralised as a colored cook in the South after a camp meeting. In this blessed land of Russia, where more than half mankind are women, old maids are very scarce. When a women is not married at 25 she disappears from view, goes on a pilgrimage or round of travels, and comes back posing in society as a widow. Etiquette in Russia forbids any allu- sion to a lady's dead husband in her presence. You see a woman's life in that land is not complete without the adjunct of a husband, or even the ghost of a husband, to give it a kind of cold respectability.— T. Wilson 