UNDER THE VERANDAH. One fact has been very clearly brought out during the discussions on the Credit Foneicr Bill Victorians will not stand any more boards of irresponsible commissioners. Political influence may bo bad— we know it to our cost ; but your autocratic commiesioner, whom you can neither control nor remove, who goes calmly on his way, and, Ajax like, defies the lightnings of a pretesting publio and a hostile Parliament, is far worse. Even ths most corrupt Ministry can bs kept in soma tort of chock — at least it sins ' with a wholesome fear of the consequences before its eyes; bnt however unpalatable may be ths proceedings of the non-political board to the country we have to anbmit. The remedy has proved worse than the disease; and like the poor gouty Earl of Derby, who, when forbidden by his dootors to touch claret, received from a merchant a special sample of that wine warranted to bo harmless to his malady, we say we "prefer tho gout." However, there is still far too mueh political patronage in the meaaure, and in this respeot the bill is certain to come in for drastio alteration in "another place," Tho only question is whether the Premier wishes to popularise the Legislative Council by sending up a scheme so badly in need of amend ment, or ia deliberately courting defeat. Mem bers of the Upper House are the last people to deoline so open an invitation to hack and carve the Government "ewe lamb" out of recogni tion, the irritating part of the affair being that the Assembly; should have wilfully courted the snub it is certain to reoeive from the Connoil. Politicians who are forever girding at tho press domination under which they would have us believe the. country is groaning may thank " the power outside Parliament " for preventing the perpetration of the Elthsm railway job. Had it not been for a providential difference of opinion on a question of rente between the local supporters of that line, coupled with their reluctance to come up to the scratch with sun dry. pecuniary guarantees exacted by Parlia ment, there is little doubt that £60,000 would have been squandered on this preoious railway, and an almost empty Treasury bled to the extent of some £4C00 a year in interest and working expenses. When legislators show them selves so blind to all lessons of experience, it is high time for the press to speak out and compel them to open their , eye?, and Parliament has re- redfe''right to complain if the work it attempt; Joj shirk is, done, for it by the news- papers., ...A. any rate the Eltham railway pro ject may be considered as decently interred for the present ; and I don't fancy there will be an order for its exhumation. Onr Yankee cousins are never satisfied with doing things on a moderate aoale. Whether it Is a railway acoident or an exhibition, an inun; dation or a whisky war, they take a delight in "licking creation''; and thos no one need be surprised that whon thoy go in for a strike it shall be on lines of almost colossal grandeur. In Chicago we hear of 50,000 strikers opposed to 10,000 troops, of property' to the value of £1,250,000 wantonly destroyed, of trains wrecked by dynamite, of complete stoppage in the carriage of mails and tho supplies cf food, and generally of a state of affairs closely border ing on civil war. These things, whioh so far as ono can see are but the precursors of even worse troubles in the immediate future, may well act as a.warning to those who would stir up strife in Australia between, shearers and squatters but I wish to point out that in America the present dislocation of industrial arrangements is due mainly to two oauses. Tho worship of the monometallic fetish has led to the stoppage of many of tho silver mineB, and the mere talk of free-trade has paralysed, commercial enterprise. There are lessons to be learned in Victoria from the troubles in the States, which he who runB may easily read ; bnt onr Conservative friends refuse to, attempt their perusal. Possibly this is because they do not run— they are always in favor of standing still. The division list on the voting for tho Totalisator Bill was useful stnily to tboso interested in this question. All the Hobrew members in the House voted against the bill. Two ex-ioeai preachers were on tbo same sido, also the Premior. The members for East Melbourne naturally opposed this moasnre, as they number so many Hebrew bookmakers amongst their constituent! and supporters. Mr. Murray is to be congratulated on his speech in proposing the bill, and Mr. Trenwitli on his support thereof. The member for the Eastern Suburbs maintained that if this bill were passed it would kill racing to which tho betting ring wat an essential adjunct. A writer in The Age once described the hotting ring as a mixture of "Helt end Houndsditch." If such an institution is really cssontinl to sport, tho arguments of good people against horse racing have some ground to be received with respect. Tho absurd pleas of the opponents of the Totalisator Bill wcro never more clearly demon strated in their vaguenese than in tho debate last week. The cry that if this measure wore passed it would legalise gombiing no doubt acted is an incentive to many good and religious membors in voting against it. But as a matter of fact gambling on liorso racing, if not legal- ised, is tacitly sanctioned by the law. On every racecourse in Victoria, on land granted from Government reserves for such purpose, the cry of the bookmakor is hoard, and tho jingling of tho sovereigns which he drops into his beg a great deal faster than he paye out. If the goody-goody opponents of tho totalisator are in earnest in their detestation of gambling why do they not prosecute Mr. Byron Moore or Mr. Harris Smith for permitting gambling at Fletn- ington and Caulfield ? If the totalisator is oh. jected to as an instrument of gaming, what is the ringman's betting book? Tho first is merely a recording machine whioh cannot lio, tho second is a record whioh often lies very much indeed. In fixing the second day of each month for tho payment of monthly tiokets in placo of ths first, the Commissioners of Bailways display a discretion and a knowledge of human nature beyond their years. The ehange is made for the special benefit of oivil servants, bankers and other curled darlings who condescend to draw the reward for thoir priceless services monthly, and by these tho boon will be duly appreciated, for although many of them dress and set as" if they were men of independent means, it fre quently happens that they are in dire extremes at the end of eaoh month. I knew ono officer of the State who used to como up to the office on the 2nd of the month arrayed like Solomon in all hia glory, glittering with chains, ringe and breastpin. But the effulgence did not last long. By the end of tha first week one of the rings would disappear ; a few days afterwards a chain would go, and so, little by little, the outward and visible glory of the man would diminieh, till by the end of the month he appeared like a peacock stripped of his gorgeous plumage. For such a man to pay for his monthly ticket on the 1st was out of the qnestion, nnd he waB reduced to the ignominy of getting a pass or walking. The improvidence of the publio service is dne not to specinl extravagance of nature, bnt to the security of their pay, and of their tenure of office, and — for those under the original act — the knowledge that they will receive a liberal pension when they retire. Under such con ditions there is no inducement for them to save up for a rainy day — a paternal Government does that for them. I knew another officer who was in receipt of over £400 a year, and who always made a point" of attending the Governor's levtc every year. This was the only occasion on whieh he ever wore hiB evening suit, anil the moment tho letle was over he would take the nit back to the pawnbroker whence it oame, and where it was destined to remain till ths next gnbernatorial function. He used to defend the pr&otice; by saying that the olotheswonld be looked after better in the pawnshop than by him, and in the meantime the money was very acceptable. There have been several onrious incidents in connection with the building of the new female penitentiary at Pentridge. The original tender of Mr. 3i Downie, the contractor, was for £49,000, and the officers of the Public Works department must have been astonished on the completion of the work to receive a modest little account of £80,000 for "extras." It is true that arbitration speedily reduced the amonnt to a- tiifie under £18,000, though even this represents an addition of about 37 per cent, to the sum it was originally intended to spend ; but the most mysterious psrt of the affair lies in the temporal? disappearance during the progress of the arbitra tion of certain confidential documents from a safe in the departmental offices. Those papers were returned as mysteriously as they had been removed, and although' the contractor pleads ntire ignorance of their abstraction, ho would seam to bare possessed himself of their oonteuts. Unfortunately, I am not in a position to throw mnoh light on this strange affair, and I halt between two opinions. Either the man who etole the mace lias boen prowling around, or else the matter is an illustration of the potency of that psyohio force whereof Dr. M&cartby; records snob wonders for the consideration of Professors Laurie and Iter- not. Tho Sydney dootor avers that by this ocoult infiuenoo a door can be olosed against a pressure of 25 lb. avoirdupois; possibly under the influenoe of a still greater number of pounds starling the spooks could manage to open a door —even of a safe. A man who carries large snms of money about the attests at night, in these" times, is luoky if he escapes being robbed, even whon sober ; but if, like Caleb .Shearer,, he indulges in such copious potations .that ho is almost insensible, his prospect of reselling home without being re lieved of his cash is certainly, not over bright. Fortunately for himself, however, Shearer fell into the hands of tho police, who arrested him for drunkenness, and as the resnlt he was only shorn to the ' extent of a 10s. fine. Tke 'rtist of his property, totting up to over" £160, was duly handed babk to him, to gether with the poor box, to which he was in vited to oontribnte. Bnt he proved deaf to the oalla of oharity, and contented himself with ex pressing hia thanks to Constable Spillane for arresting him. Mark Twain tolls ub of a miner who by an acoidontal explosion was hoisted so far aloft that he took a quarter of an hour to fall down again ; and tliongh he at once reBumod bis labora as if nothing speolal bad occurred, the mine manager docked hie wages for tho loss of time. The American humorist evidently considered this mansgor guilty of meannesa ; but In my humble judgment be " takes a back seat " when compared with Caleb Slionror. Eoouomy Is no doubt a virtue eminently desirable to prsotiso nowadays ; but I fancy it 'may be enrrio'd ratiier too far. Ladies who travel by rail; for examplo, may reasonably expect fires in the waiting rooms set apart for them— especially during the nntarctio cold whioli -prevailed during the early part of the present weok. In lieu thersof they found a notice to the effect that a fire would be lighted if any "lady in waiting " desired suoh a luxury and signified her wish at the ofllco. I am not pre-' pared to say what was the avcrago reading of the thermometer in the ladies' waiting room at my own station throughout the reoent spell of cold weather, but it must have been pretty low. And, of course, no lady having some 10 minutes to wait for a train would take tbo trouble to nak for a fire, wbdiei effeot would linrdly be felt until balf an hour after she bad gono away. So no fires were lit. A' considerable number of ladies must, however, have felt anything but pleased at this unoomfortable frugality ; and plainly their best courso is to nrrnnge with some friond of their own sex to go to tho station about an hour before they themselves intend to travel and m'nko a requisition to havo the fire kindled. By doing this the waiting room may be expooted by ..'the time when they arrive to have attained something like an endurable tomperature. . I hear of strange " motions " in a Collins- street olnb over questions of religion and race. "It appears that a descendant of Shem, who lias long been a'prominent member of the' club com mittee, recently ' failed to securo rc-eleotlon ; and in consequence of his rcjeotion the whole of "tho Jewish members resigned tboir membership in a body. Whether they considered themselves insultod by the treatment meted out to their co religionist, or. imagined that the inoident indi cated the commencement of a sort of Jew bait ing liko that; whioli periodically breaks out in Russio, I know not; hut tho result is that the financial burden of keeping the olub alive now rests upon tho sons of Japliet, and in Melbourne at present Gentiles are soarceiy so ' reliable as Jews when there is a question of stumping up. Another convert has boon gained to the ranks of the declared opponents to! lotteries in any shape or form. A rural district in the north east has recently been enthusing over a'earnivni, the centre of attraction of which was the raffle of a member of tho bovine spooies. On obtain ing delivery of his newly acquired property, the luoky winner was dismayed to find that it was on the point of giving up the ghost, and next morning I10 was compelled by the local health authorities to inour an expenditure of £1 in its emovnl. If all committees were to conduct their faira on the same principles, tbo eloiiaal party would soon not have oooasion to lament the pre dilection of their flocks for raffles at ehtuch bazaars. ! . - - ATTICUS. 