MISCELLANEOUS I EMS. The' followiing paragrarph is taken fiii an American ppi and may prove initeiesting to nur readeors :-Thu clile ll idhitch"'iIouincineI the.' 'Tnarii-. are of May Yohl , t heAinerican screws witli'a: pheinoeinal oi' 'ailrl :eccentric eife'r '' to 'L'ord "Chain-lh's 'A-cliiild" :Hope, hrother of the Earl of Hopetouil, excvited a great deal: of intrest. Th e story, was ' published in on- English sporting newspaper, a 4 t hat was not regarded : as conculusive evidence that' May Yohe was :LIldy Hope. M riss Yoke has hLeen responsihle for m yany curious stories about,herself, especially i:hen, shd was not appreciated iin s?ime dranlatic venituri. Mlay 'ohe is a na tirve of Bethleheni, Pa., and is twenty six vears old. She has been on the stage about ten Years and, althloiug," ' ian inferior, artist has alvways attracted a great deal of attention on accouiit of h'er personality ai:i' conduot. 'rigi nply she. was a chorus girl in ons of E. E. Ric 's compaies She mnade her first hit in Chioago, iu 1887, as PriniLe: Prettywitz in the burlesque ' The Crystal Slipper." .She necae the estar of the piece and had` the gilded .youthll of Ohicago at her,feet. One day she .quarreled with her mIan+ger, and with out saying anything fled to ,Buffalo.: But she was induced to rotnirn, w"hten her reappearance was a series of triumphs.. "In' Boston shi llet John Mason,. now the husbhand of IMarionl Mfariola ;aid it, was said they were married. Subsequently she spirited around the country in farce comnedy companies I Lord Hope is about thirty vyar.s od.l The family is an'old and distinguished oie. Sir .Ja ies Hope a "Scotclnian, was Governor of the i ;,it in 1691 aid h ro'uhtl the art of nining in Sootland to tliehighest stage reached up to that time. .Miss. Y.he'.s alleged husbhnid leairs the title if Lord: hy courttmy. His broth er the Earl: has an heir six years oh, and if it should not survive May Yolie would: becomle Countess of Hopetoun. lThi family +estates are in Scotlatndl at Hopetonn House, South Queen's Ferry. County 1of Linlithgow,. and Ariiiis on. Hall and Keith House, Haddington shire., ,In England, Papillon Hall; Leicestershire, is the.farnily seat. Thm iEnglish lenevolent lady, B ironess Bui'dett"Coutts wus 'ateiidiiig' coui i ry board school to hear -the child-enr reply to kii'lergyman's questionn :;The three 'first boy of a clahiss were told to *aiswer, irnorder when'asked "1 What:do you lie lieve in'--God the. Father, Gcid'th. Sen, 'and God the Holy Ghost," • On formning a 'line thlie irst lad :wans asked the questioni.' ' " God tth Fher," hlie re plied.- i"'Very tood," said the cler gy. mana, and turtiinig to tliie'Pecnid lie. id : " ýA.hati y?o?d heliueve i " " God the Son," was' thei reply, "And you," queried the-clergyman to the third boy, \who said, ' .Nothing,r Sir; 'the.boy who ;was to have:believed:in the Holy Ghost' had the stonlach-ache and had to stop: athoine." : • . GrCocer':.i. WVhat have you ibee do ing in the cellar so long, W'", roer's Apprenticie,:--'Ir havebeen eleaing i out, thed. treacle.meauiure. 'Its was 'so .choked. uip:that it didn't hold' ili:oir'ii' :half- h:iparit,'.;: eGocer L-, ,, Oh,-that'r; what , you'v:e,beeL.i doingpchaviy toii;l Well, you takcyinr! hati andi go hobme and, tell your aLetilMr to ut you into thl tract-distributing husinngs. You am t fitted for thegrocr trade. " : rIerhaps, the .amost. :extraoirdina" father who ever lived. vwas IyanV .W tsi lief, a iussin, who was presente:d'to 9al tri,+ia yso earn .vu go. ,He wasn iniarried tw'iec· and was the. f tler-of eightH-sevrn.ehlldrn. His first wife coi nelncd with forwhillc h shilAd four times in successio, and thler.lhad tripletssev en i?iS' IIM in SUcc'ssluoe Iand wouil up withi sixte-n sets of tvinis. 'i?l'deO w?ial six d e't sOf triins. andtwo setsaof triplets " '' " 't Qn February 6 ,180" C'a'ta"n"FI" d mriJft, port Lincoln in. the Indesti, ,ator and01i!.d up pen erG if :e ohopedo thala channel would he :founI i: u a~ dir- tioniy which' . he ouldi raht ulf, of arpentarii'. •Tha eGul was uaredafter Earl Spenceir, who was iirt Lord of tlii , adihiraal t a t t h e t ie l le , . I " . " . im.OniFtbr.uaryS'2, .02.Cap.taii Flinl ,ders wel tra-shoruat .K'istigaroo l slanida ,The ,party;!killed-31nlkangaro~os ;-6i0 Sing'srtrn.,69 .toJl.253JlI;;eairlhe isi l d :ieeaiied its' n'm'e thrpugh this incidei t 'in "Irireland, near Hioen head,, in, county D1onegal ther i a remarkahle natural hole in the rocds of thd seae Icnast, which is known all oter Britaiin as " M'Swiriy's ,Gun. It is ielieed to he connected with a sea caP'i'ri. Wheui the sea "runs fui", thl ',iU sends up jets of water to the heighlt"of mlore than 100 feet, each spout liin, followed and preceded Iby loud ex'lo sions, The gun is a perfectly amnooth hole, about ten inohes in diameter, iiand its history can he traced.to the first settliir. of tlhe country. No one seems to kiow?? howe'er, how it go6t the nname of " L'Swineys Gun. 