Sir Marmaduke’s Will. | CHAPTER VI. The neighboring town of Dronechester was very much agitated by forthcoming gaie ties which were to be conduc ted on a scale unprecedented in the neighborhood. A new Town: Hall had been built by the determination of a few de voted councillors, in the teeth of : strong opposition from others of less ambition ;, and the: Town Hall having been finished at considerable ex pense, a real prince had con sented to open it. ' It was. in this, gentleman’s honor that the festivities had been prepai*ed, for Droneches ter in the warmth of its loyalty wasdnclined to believe that so great an honor had never been' paid to any town before-; ior if the prince was rather sullen and spoke like the leader of a German band, still, he was .very closely connected by mai’riage with our ... Most Gracious Queen, arid ‘ Drone chester therefore determined to be worthy of the presence of so great a man. - Tne streets were to be deco rated with evergreens and sheaves of wheat by day, and illuminated with little oil lamps at night; and there was besides to be a ball after the banquet at the new Town Hall, and at that ball it was whispered the prince himself would dance. So all the coun try people were to be in atten dance, and among them, of course, Mr. 'Marsden, his mother, and his beautiful ward would be conspicuous. Clif ford had also received an invi tation-:—to so very select a gathering money alone would i not gain , admittance ; but not being' a dancing man he did not intend to go, but instead took Olive in his high dog cart, and drcye her through the sleepy streets to see the illuminations. The early part of the even ing, however, after school, hours, Olive spent at Danes-’ dyke, helping Clarice to dress. The task was over, the carriage was. already at the door, and Clarice, having descended from her dressing room stood before the mirror in the draw ing room, looking at her own reflection with an open admir ation that was childlike in its perfect simplicity. She did indeed make a pretty picture, in a soft grace ful dress of sil very white, with long trailing sprays of starry blue flowers half hidden by; maidenhair fern among its folds. A single diamond star: glittered among the curls of her golden hair, and beyond a massive gold bangle on one j arm she wore no other orna ments. “ I wonder if I should look better with my pearls at my throat ?” she said, coquet ting prettily before the glass, so that the diamonds in her ■hair reflected a thousand bril liant rays; they make a very simple ornament, though they are considered so handsome.” “I should most certainly wear them;” Mrs. Marsden said; “ remember you will meet a prince to-night.” The old lady evidently thought a display of gems was a proof of loyalty, fqrrshe was resplendent with every "brooch, locket, and bracelet in her pos session, and was convinced that, in her purple. silk dress,, with white lace about the shoulders, she would make an impression on the royal heart itself. • “.Wear your pearls by all means,” Marsden said, as he stood on the threshold, look ing at his pretty ward with open admiration ; “ they look perfect with that nice silvery dress.” “Then I am overruled,” Clarice said gaily ; “my ideas of simplicity shall give way to your wish for display. . Olive, my dear, would you do me' a favor?” v'* “ Certainly,” Olive replied; “ what is it The schoolmistress, too,'was looking her best to-night, though in her plain black dress worn as mourning for her dead husband, her pale calm loveli ness made a good foil to Clarice’s radiant beauty. “ Will you go upstairs to my dressing-case to fetch the pearls ? Iam afraid of run ning about the house much, for Fear this, dress should catch upon some of the woodwork, the points of old carvings are so sharp, and this dress stuff is so. light it seems to float with every movement. I don’t want to send the servants, for poor papa always taught me to be careful whom I entrusted with the secret of the lock.” “ A very wise precaution, ” Mr. Marsden'said ; .“let me send.-,one. of the servants to bringiithe case, here, so that ■you can open it yourself.” “ It is not necessary,’-’ Clarice said ; “ I know Olive will not mind doing me a favor, and the case is so heavy that it is •difficult to move. Here is the key, dear, a very ordinary one isn’t it? in fact, almost any small key will open the case when you know the secret of the lock.” “ And that is—” Very simple. You have, already noticed the keyhole is surrounded by what looks like the face of a clock, with two rows of the letters of the alphabet instead of figures. Take the letters that form the words, ‘ Safe bind, safe find, ’ and press them firmly inwards till they have almost- disap peared, then you will find the lock under without further trouble. To close it again it is only necessary to turn the key, and the letters will spring back as they were before.” Olive repeated the instruc tions in her strong clear voice that there should be no mis take, and all in the room were too occupied with Clarice to notice a dark shadow lurking ■ outside, close to the closed [.window. The errand was not a diffi cult one, and Olive, returning with the pearls, clasped them round her friend’s neck. Then with a kiss of thanks Clarice I ran laughing away, to take her seat in the brougham with | her guardian and his mother. ( “ My dear Clarice,” Marsden said after a little silence, when the carriage had left the lodge gates and was rolling smoothly along the road to Donechester, “ pray do not think I wish to find fault, or to blame you—I would not have you less trust ful and confiding than you are ; but I must say I consider you most imprudent to entrust the secret of the lock of your jewel case to Miss Vanston.” “ Why imprudent ?” Clarice asked in surprise. “ Because your jewels are of considerable value, and Miss Vanston is, after all, only a stranger to us; we know nothing of her past.. .It is not j kind nor just to her to throw! what may be a terrible temp- j tation in her way.” “• Olive is almost my sister ; 1 love her, and I trust her as I would trust myself,” Clarice returned. warmly ; and after that she relapsed into silence, speaking no more till they en tered,, the • ball-roohi, for she was terribly angry and dis tressed that her guardian should raise so cruel a suspicion against' her friend. Meanwhile Olive put on her bonnet and cloak, and waited in the long drawing- room for Clifford, who, it had been arranged, was to call for her at Danesdyke, to save her the needless trouble of first return ing to her own home. She had not long to wait be fore he hurried in, leaving the two friends who were to share the drive still in the dog part. How pale you are!” he saidi kissing her ; “ have you boeii frightened, darling ?” ^'fi^No, oh, no,” she returned, quickly; “ I have had some foolish fancies, that is all. This j great house Beemed bo lonely . [ and still as I sat here alone, for the servants are so i fet: ' away that it is hard to- realise , they are within call, and once, or twice I thought I heard; a footstep outside this window. , I dare say it was only, the I rustle of the dead leaves being blown about on the stones, but j I was foolish enough to th^ik — ^. of the stories of old Sir MaP^* maduke’s ghost, till for alittlp_^ ' ■ while I was really frightened/ ' “ You silly child!” * said, smiling tende^y^-uown into her upturned face, “ you should have remembered that j even the wildest stories only credit Sir Marmaduke with ' wandering about the room in which he died, so there could be nothing to frighten the most superstitious here. Thai .is right,: dear, smile at me like that; and I can be sure that you are happy.” . “ Happy!” she echoed, standing on tiptoe to clasp her arms about his neck, and press ' her cheek to his ; “Clifford,! feel, to-night as if the gladness of my life was almost greater than I could bear.” He kissed her passionately sharing the perfect happiness _ that was thrilling her. It was fortunate for the joy of that moment that neither could look into the future and see the shame and misery that would fall upon their lives be fore their lips meet again. • The night was clear but cold; but in the moonlight the drive to Droneehester was very pleasant. Olive was gayer, than Clifford had ever seen her; before, laughing with a bright abandon that gave her gene rally staid beauty a new and girlish charm. It was late before they left the town, and the church clock., was striking one before the. trap stopped at the school-; house door, an hour of unheard of dissipation in Danesford, but then the presence of a prince called for some latitude. : To be continued. 