<&*&£ Cfrair Jffitmfls. HAVING from time to time directed the attention of tho readers of these jottings to the continual feasting and junketing to whioh the Premier was devoting the Parliamentary reoess, and having also indicated my views that there was pressing work to he done, for the doing of whioh Ministers were well paid by the State, I confess I was greatly pleased with the leading article in Wed* nesday's Ast. In this the Premier is taken to task for the manner in whioh he is idling away his time in wining, dining, and talking while theoom. munity is suffering from want of work, of which there is plenty to be found were Parliament only called together to sanction it. In conclusion, the peripatetio and jovially inelined Premier is significantly reminded that "the country does not exist for the Government, but the Government for the oountry." THE hint given by the Agi, as men* tio&ed; in the previous paragraph, comes not a moment too soon. So far as can be seen, not only will Parliament not be oaUed together one moment sooner than ia possible, but there is every reason to believe that, when it does meet, the various Government measures will not be in a forward state, and that such few as may be ready willnothave been as oaref ully considered as it is desirable they should be. These being my views, I am naturally gled to see ttie Ag* throwing in its neat weight with that notion of the Press whioh consider* that the head of the Government, in the present position ot affairs in the colony, ft oalled on to do something more for his nalary than to travel about feasting and talking nonsense. It is to be hoped that Mr. Patterson wiU be at length aroused to the proper performance of the duties attaching to his position, or will be oompelled to pus on and makeroom far some nan who reoogaises what is expected ot a Premier at the present s, tine. So the grand Ministerial scheme of oheap Mt» for the farmer* has at length entirely fistled out, From ft* first it wiU be remembered that I deelated there ma nothing in it. This appears to have been practically adsaittri by Mr. M<Intyre during the week. Ia rob to a depataUea he Mid the Ministry never intended to lend money to faratert or to any one elee,aft that it did was to give the Sating Bank Commissioners a hint. And this is the modest dimensions to whioh the gnat soheme of oheap money for the ifarmer, introduced with suoh a flourish of trumpets, has shrunk I Great Is the power of humbug if the farmers are to be milled by suoh a flimsy attempt to hoodwink them as this is, and Patterson and Oo. are its disciples and supporters. Mountebank tricks, and not statesmanship, is my comment on suoh taetlos as these. WHAT Ministers have failed to do for the producers in the way of providing ohosp money and showing the way out of present troubles is now being essayed by the Argut and the Age, Esou of these papers lias a travelling missionary abroad lecturing to all and sundry as to the best means for accomplishing the salvation ot the individual and the community. I confess I have not paid attention to the rival schemes, and so am not in a position to say whioh is the better of the two. I have looked upon these newspaper missionaries as merely high-elass canvassers who, instead of travelling from door to door soliciting subscriptions for their papers, have addressed publio meetings of farmers with a view to showing that the soheme for the salvation of tho oolony adopted by the journal either speaker represents is the only sound and satisfactory one. It is then expected that if (he community believe him it will aid his scheme and will support hie newspaper—the latter result, like the postscript to a lady's letter, being of most importance. At any rate, that's how the matter presents itself to me. DKALINO with newspaper matters naturally calls to mind the judgment of Mr. Justice Hood on the recently launched action for libel by Mr. Allison Smith against the Age. Application was made on behalf of the defendant to have the aotion tried in the Oounty Court, on the ground that the plaintiff was not in a position to pay the costs if the action went against him. After perusing the affidavits and hearing counsel, the learned judge decided that Mr. Allison Smith had not sufficient means to pay the eosts of the action in case he failed, but he decided that the action was a proper one to be tried in the Supreme uourt. The decision, besides being a mild slap in fyfng list*their law in important\otfons is not to he trusted, is decidedly rough on Mr, Syme,as, whether he win the aotion or lose it, he bids fair to he a large sum of money out of pocket. This is the more likely, as it is understood that Mr. Allis6n Smith will oonduot his own esse, and will, therefore, have oheap law, bf which Mr. Syme cannot possibly avail himself. A glorious institution is the la#. So, no doubt, Mr. Syme would *K> , NOT only has the Ag« the new libel action of Mr. Allison 8mith on hand, but Mr. Speight returns again to the attaok, and Mr. Justice Hood has decided that the case must go on even before the Fall Oourt has decided the matter of the appeal on behalf of the Agt for a new trial on "the stores count," decided in favour of Mr. Speight in the last trial. Altogether, the Aft people are likely to be quite full up in Jaw far some time to oome. There are also, it is understood, some libel eotions pending against the Jrf** by the retiring Bui way Commissioners, so that the publio who read the evidence in these eases are likely to (he much ^lightened as to railway management, not only under Mr. Spoiirht, hut also under the present Commissioners. The lawyers, doubtless, rejoice at these wars and rumours of wars between the railway monaters and their critics in the Press. Whoever wins or whoever loses, the disputes wiU bring grist to the lawyers' anils. But then we know "it's an ill wind that brings no one any good. IH connection with prison management tfee question of ta vmtiMra of diwussed.and various views have been eaunoietodin the matter, the most elaborate uetom being that ie vogue in Fm<* prisons, whwo the measurements of vertom byy parts of the body, with tatapmlioae made by the thnmb,are said to proves® fa^Ubte juide^ It to^ ^as^tat »- —kui*liAMllti«alttUs orherideatiieetloo. Here,heweve^is an instance to the contrary" ofa eensege-eeller living at frto^fc Croatia tea away (rem tor Mmd» railway line— A lady due by slow tralai •he weighs exactly 1 thirteen stone. I beseech yon arrest the same, for abe is my runaway wife,' The polios turned all the ladles out of the train and weighed them s and the lady that turned the aoale at thirtesn stone Was sent baok to Essegg. So the faithless wife was sold—ana sold bjwsight," The moral of whioh 11—well, if there is a moral to this, perhaps the kind reader will find » for himself or herself. AT length it would appear as If we were to have something novel in the show line. Beauty shows snd baby shows we have had, but now " someone in Belgium hat hit upon the idsa of getting up an ugly man's exhibition. A grand prise for ugliness will be given to the competitor who vanquishes all comers by the hideousness of his countenance. The men are to be on view at a place of amusement at Brussels, known by the title ot the North Pole. It is said in the bail* Hem that an English amateur of the ' add a „ 1 The wags,... is doing all he ean to seoure the discovery of someone uglier than himself MOST of ray readers have from time to time heard of ghost stories or other wonderful apparitions. It is not, however, often that one roads of so oommonplaee, yet so happy, an apparition as the following, whioh I clip from a London paper A ourious scene was witnessed yesterday afternoon outside Paddtngton Sutton. A respectably dressed young woman who had arrived at the terminus from the country was quietly proceeding in the direction Bdgware-road when a young man, also respeetably dressed, met her. turned deadly pale, and exclaimed," Oh, Belen, we thought you were dead," and would probably have fallen to the ground in a tainting condition had not the young woman and sympathetic wayfarers who witnessed the unusual occurrence assisted htm into a temperance retreshment house where restoratives were obtained. The girl had tor some time been a shop assistant at a village on the outskirts ot South London, and had there become engaged to the young man. She left her place, and returned to her parents in the country for a holiday. Somehow or other a report waa spread in the village that the girl had suddenly died from influenaa, and the news appeared so circumstantial and detailed that it obtained generel credenee. A funeral sermon, drawing suitable lessons from the unexpected decease ot their young friend, had teen preached. All was over. The young man was, it appeared, actually on hta W to taddington Station, «* retrt* to the home ot the girl, with the view of vttting the grave, when he met her In the flesh, alive, and looking very well. She declared that she had written to him once, and was astonished not to have got an answer. He, on his side, averred that the missive never reached him. It ia very proWWe tat the minister who nronounoed har Wheral oration will soon be asked to cSe interesting ceremony. t a etiU more 