I TALES AND SKETCHES. [AM. UÍGIITS RESERVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." BY M. E. BRADDON. Attllmr of " lady Audley'a Secret," "Viven, " Iuhinoul," " Liko and Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," «fcc. CHAI-TEK XXII. (Oonlimied. J " Nothing lins occurred since I was here to throw any new ligia upon thc murder, 1 suppose," Theodore said quietly, as they smoked (heir cigars, walking slowly up and dowu in the sumiller night. " Nothing." " Did her ladyship tell you that I have met a girl in London, whom I believe to be no oilier than Mercy Porter ?" " Ves, elie told me something ubout that fancy of yours, for I take it to bo nothing more than H laney. Tho world is to wide for yon and Mercy Porter to meet so easily. What was your irround for identifying her with thc lodgc- kccper's girl?" "The lodge-keeper's girl." There was something needlessly contemptuous in thc phrase, it seemed to Theodore : A Btndicd disdain. " lt was she herself who suggested the idea, hy her inquirías shout Cheriton. She confessed to having come from this pat t of tile world, and she has nu air of refinement which shows that she does not belong to thc peasant clasp. Silo is a very good pianiste-plays with remarkable taste and feeling ; and Lady Cheriton tells mc that Mercy had a great talent for music. I have no doubt in my own mind that this young woman is Mercy Porter, and I think her mol her aught to go to London ami see ber, even if she should not think tit to bring her back to thc home she left." "Mrs. Porlor is a wamali of pcculi-ir lamper. The girl may be happier away from hcr.V " Yes, that ¡B very likely-but thc mother ought to forgive her. The penitent sinner, whose life for the last few years has been blameless, ought tn feel that she is pardoned and at peace with her motlier. I tried to approach the subject, but Min. Porter re- pelled inc with an almost viudictivc air ; and 1 do not think it would lie any good for me to plead for my poor friend again. If you or Lady Cheriton would talk to her-" " I will get my wife to munsgc har. It is a mutter in which a woman would have more influence than you or I. In the meantime if there is anything I can do to make Mercy Porter's life easier, I shall bc very glad to do it, for her father's sake." " What is sha doing for a living ?" "Sie docs fiuo needlework. She lives in one small back room in Lambeth, and bas only one friend in the world, and that friend happens to be a lady who once lived in this house." "A lady who lived in this house!" ex- claimed Lord Cheriton, "who in Heaven's name do you mean Ï" "Miss Newton, who was governess to Miss Strangway nearly forty years ugo. " " What brought Miss Newton and you together ?" "That is rather a long story. I took some trouble to find the lady iu order to settle one question which had disturbed my cousin Juanita since her husband's death." " What question ?" " She was haunted by an idea thatOodfrey's murderer was one of thc Strangways, aud his murder un oct of vengeance by some member of that banished race. It was in order to set this question at rest for ever that I took some trouble to hunt out the history of Squire Strangway's two sons and only daughter. I traced them all three to their graves, and have been able to convince Juanita that they and their troubles were all ut rest long before thc time of her husband's murder." " What could have put such a notion into her head ?" "Oh, it came uaturally enough. It was only a development of Churtou's idea of u vendetta." "She was always full of fancies. Yes, I remember she used to say the bouse was haunted by the ghosts of the Strangways. I really think she had a dim idea that I had injured that spendthrift race in buying thc estate which they had wasted. And so to satisfy J uauita you took the trouble to ferret out Miss Newton? Upon my word, Theo- dore, your conduct is more Quixotic than I could have believed of any young man in thc nine teeni h century. And pray hy what meaiiB did you discover the ci-devaut gover- ness ?" Theodore told the story of his visit to the scholastic agencies, his journey to the Lake district, and his friendly reception by Miss Newton in her Lambeth lodgings. " She was much attached to MUs Strang- way, who was her first charge, and near cuough to her own age to be more of a com- panion than a pupil," he said, "and she spoke of her melancholy fate with gi cat tenderness." " lt. was a melancholy fate, was it ? I know she made a rnnaway-marriage ; but in what way was her fate sadder than the common destiny of a spendthrift's daughter u girl who hud been reared in extravagance and self-indulgence, and who finds herself face to face with penury in tho bloom of ber womanhood ?" "That iu itself would be sad, but Miss Strangway's destiuy was sadder than that commonplace enough, no doubt-only thc old story of an unhappy marriage and a runaway wife." He could not help looking at Lord Cheriton at this point, thinking how this common story of an unfaithful wife must needs remind his kinsman of that other story of another wife which had influenced his early manhood. He muBt surely havo a sensitive shrinking from thc discussion of any similar story. " She ran away from her husband ! Yes, I remember having heard as much. What did MisB Newton know about her-beyond that one fact ?" " Very little-only that she died at Bou- logne nearly twenty years ago. This fact Miss Newton heard from thu lips of the man for whom Mrs. Darcy left her husband. I had been at Boulogne a week or so before I saw Miss Newton, and I had hunted there for auy record of Mrs. Darcy's death, without result. But this is not very strange, SB it ÍB quite likely that she lived at Boulogne under uu assumed name, and was buried in that name, aud so lies there, in a foreign land, dissevered for ever from any association with her name and kindred." " There are not many of her kindred loft, I take it," said Lord Cheriton. " There seems to have been a blight upon that race tor the Inst half-century. But, now, tell mc about someone iu whom I am more interested-the girl you believe tu be Mercy Porter. I should lie very glad lo make her life happier, and so I told her Ladyship. You, Theodora, might bc the iutcriccdiary. 1 would allow her a hundred a year, which would enable her to live in 6nine pretty country place-in Devon- shire or Cornwall, for instaucc, in some quiet sea- const village, where no one would know anything about ber or ber story." "A hundred u year 1 My dear Cheriton, thal isa most generous oner. " " No, no, there is no question ef generosity. Her father was my friend, and I was under some obligation lo him. And then thc girl is my wife's protégée ¡ and, filially, I can very well alford it. 1 am almost a childless mau, Theodore. My grandson will be rich enough when ] «in gone, ricli enough to he sure of n peerage, I hope, BO I hat there may be a Baron Cheriton when I am in the dust." " You are very good. I believe this girl ha* u great deni of pride-the pride of a woman who has drunk thc cup of shame, and she limy set hera If against being u pensioner ; bul if the mal ter can he arranged os you wish she may yet seo happier days. I think tho fi lot tiiiug to bo done is to reconcile motlier and daughter. Mrs. Purler ought to go up bo Lontlon-" "To sec Miss Newton's protegee ? On no Bi'cmnt. I toll yon Mrs. I'crler is it woman of Strang« temper-God knows kow bitterly she might upbraid her daughter. And if the girl is proud, as you say she ¡8, thc mother's reproaches would goad her to refuse any help from mc or my wife. Ko, Theodore, the longer wc keep mother and daughter apart, thc better for Mercy's chances of happiness. " " But if this young woman should refuse to confess her identity with Mercy Porter it will bc impossible to benefit lier." "That difficulty may bc easily overcome. You can take my wife to BOC ber. She was always fond of my wife." " And you will leave the mother out of thc question. That scorns rather hard upon her." " i tell you, Theodore, it is better to leave the mother out of thc questiou. She never acted a mother's part to Mercy-there was never any real motherly love-at least that wes Lady Cheriton's opinion of thc woman, and she had ample opportunity for judging, which, of course, I had not. If you want to help thc daughter, keep the mother uloof from lier." " I daresay you are right, and I shall of course obey you implicitly," said Theodore, still inwardly reluctant. Ho had un exalted idea af maternal love, its obligations and privileges, audit seemed to hin» a hard thing to «onie between a penitent daughter and a mother whose heart ought to bc full of pity and pardon. Yet he remembered his brief interview with Mrs. Porter, mid he could but own to himself that this ini^ht be an exceptional ease. 