THE GHOST OF COALBAGGIE. WHAT MR JACOB STEINS SAYS THE BODY OF A CHILD, WITH I A WHITISH BEARD. A LIVE SPIRIT POSSESSED OF A DEVIL. The Dubbo Dispatch publishes tho following The account recently published in the Dispatch regarding the peculiar manifes tations at tho residence of Mr. Peter Stein, at the Coalbaggie, 27 miles from Dubbo, excitcd very much curiosity and no little argument. The continuation of the manifestations, to the great annoy ance of the family, induced Mr. Jacob Stein, the eldest son, and the holdor of 2560 acres, to visit Dubbo on Sunday last, with a view to obtain such assis tance as would enable a solution of the mystery. Mr. Stein called at this office, and, in the presence of several well known gentlemen, told a most extraor dinary tale, bearing out in every parti cular what had been previously published — showing, in fact, that what was said was only a part of what had occurred almost continuously during the four years tho Stein family have been on the Coalbaggie. But in his own words we will let him tell his tale. What age are you, Mr. Stein, and how long have you beon on the Coal baggie ?— I am going on for 29 years, and with my father and the rest of us I came here about four years ago. My father took up one selection on South Balladoran, and I took up the other. They are about three miles apart. When did these annoyances -: com mence ? — From the first day we went there. There was, I may tell you, an old hut on the ground when we took it up, and we heard noises there first. Then when the new place was built it commenced in earnest. It chucked ean desticks, furniture, and everything else about. It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see the dents in the dishes afterwards. It started to talk to us then, but since Father Bolger and. Father Moylan were out it has not talked so much. It was quiet for some time afterwards. Has it told you what it is, or any of its history ?— -Yes, it has often said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hut. The mother was ironing, and her dress caught fire. He said an aunt and uncle lived (across the creek, and the mother when she Was dying gave £60 and a gold watch to the nuns, asking her to keep them for her boy and take care of him. The iincle, a man named ? hit him upon the head with the handle of a stock whip and left him for dead on the road. Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Stein? — Well, one night, mother and I were sitting in the room, by the fire, and clods wero pelted at us, at if by some person in the fireplace. We looked and saw a strange figure. It had the body of a child, about five years old, and a most peculiar face, with a whitish beard on it. I went to catch it and it disap deared. On another occasion, I saw! something like a hand coming over a box and when I tried to grasp it, there was nothing. When you heard it talking, did the things move about ? — Yes, while it talked outside, as it were, tho furniture and other things would be knocked about inside. In fact, in four different places the racket would be going on. It used to catch the bedsteads and shake them violently, and while this was taking' place a few yards away, the crockery I would be smashed at the same time. On one ' occasiob, it took up a crucifix which was in the house, broke itto pieces, and flung the bits in our facos. At another time, some blessed candles brought from Dubbo, were broken into bits before us and cast at us. The candles and crucifix were quite unin jured a minute or two before, and without our seeing what was doing it, they were pulled to pieces and cast at us. Was any person outside the family in the house at any time when these occur rences were going on? — Yes, why only the other day it attempted to set fire to the house in four different places, and it also set fire to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is now in Dubbo, and a Mr. Dwyer, who with his son was at our ploce at the time, making arrange ments for the purchase from us of 10 00 sheep. When did it appear last? — On Friday and Saturday last, it was very bad, and it took us all we could do to prevent it hnmincr rlowri fViA rilann Wa nan amall like fire before we see it, and the house will be on fire in four places at once, and the bedclothes and articles of femalo apparel also burning. It has been suggested, Mr.. Stein that one of your family is a ventriloquist, and that accounts for some of tho manifestations? — Whenever I hear this — and I have heard it several times — I get real 'narked.' I wish those who offer this solution had the thing tied round their necks. Then they would know it was not a ventrilo quist. It is, I assure you, a regular torment to us, and it is driving my father and mothor real mad. My opinion is that it if a live spirit, possesed of the devil. Have you seen anything at any other time than you have told us ? — YVell, on one occasion, it came in the shapo of-a bear, got up on the wall of the kitchen, and whon wo went to chase it away it disappeared in a white smoke. On another occasion, a big mouse about a foot long came on tho roof, and it mys toriously moved obout. Again it took the shape of a kangaroo, and another dny a wallaby was near tho house, and it would not shift for ray sisters. They tried to put tho dogs on it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their legs. My brothor and ipyself put two kangaroo dogs on it, and it ran into the .creek and disapp, eared as if into the ground. Tho dogs camo out on the other side, looking terribly terrified, but there was no wallaby. That night it talked to us, apd said it could appear in »ny Bjwpo — that it was tho wailaby which wo were chasing. It said it could appear as a lizard or a snake, or any shapo it liked. It told us it was no use bringing out the priests. It said it would haunt us and torment us not only while wo were in Coalbaggie, but would follow us about wherever we went. You say it has talked to you very fro quontly ? — Well, yes, but not so much during the last few months. It talks in two voiccs, and sometimes speaks sens ibly enough, while at others it seems quite mad, and uses language which could not be beatsn by the lowest Sydpey larrikin. It bids us the time of day, and when I have remonstrated with it for its actions, it says it is only having a bit of fun. I once said to it that there was not much fun in breaking crockery and generally knocking things about, and it told me it couldn t holp it, for when its mother caught firo it was taking some crockery out, and tho shock was so great that it dropped it. Since then its favor ite amusement has been smashing up the crockery. It has done, from first to last, £100 worth of damage, and you may be sure if it was one of ourselves we would not waste money l:ke that. Not long since, it went into the kitchen, and in the presence of three or four took down the frying pan, placed it on the fire, and put six eggs in it. The frying pan could be seen moving and the eggs put in it, but the agency which moved it was invis ible. It is no wonder that we are scared, when these things take place. Why, even the dogs know when it is about, you can hear it talking to them, and they are in mortal dread, their hair stand ing up and their eyes bulging out of their heads. It talks in two voices, and sometimes so loudly that it ought to be heard a mile away. Does it ever sing, and are the songs up to date ? — Yes it sings, and it seems to know all sorts of songs. Two in par ticular it seems to be very fond of—' The Banks of the Clyde' and ' The Ship that never returned.' It sings the last one pretty fair, but it is quite horriblo to hear is singing 'The Banks of the Clyde' — it is . quite sickening. It does not trouble me at my selection so much as it troubles them at father's nlace. It some times comes aud takes my tools when I am at work, and plants them. I find them afterwards, however. We are quite full about it. The family will come into Dubbo, and then it can bash away. Do you suspect any neighbours of being concerned ?— No, we are on the best terms .with every one, and the nearest neighbour is living nearly three miles away. I have really no conception of what the thing is, beyond that I honestly 'believe it is a live spirit, pos sessed by the devil, and having the power of making itself invisible. Why, the night when we were praying, and it lifted up the table towards the ce.hiig, there were present my father and mother and four of my sisters. Not one of them touched iht) table, but it went up just the same. Regarding these peculiar phenomena — and it may be said Mr. Stein is a lovel-headed man, with more than aver ago intelligence, and ho told the above before gentlemen holding the highest positions in the town — the following which appeared in Saturday's Melbourne Argus, may be deemed apposite ' Mr, D. McAlpine read an interesting paper before the members of the Victorian Society for Physical Research on Friday ' evening, the Rev, Dr. C. Strong boing in the chair, upon the subject of ' Materi alisation,' in which he described what he saw at several sconces held at his own house and in other persons' houses by two professional lady mediums, one of Sydney and the other of Prahran. Mr. McAIpino stated that after every possibb precaution against fraud had been taken, more than a dozen figures appeared ono after another in front of the curtain which screened the medium from her audience. The figures appeared to be those of men, women and children, one particularly frequent visitor being a small I black girl. All the figures were clothed in white glistening garments, and many of them spoke to the audience and an swered questions addressed to them. Mr. McAlpin himself shook hands with one oi the figures, which described itsolf as a ' Geordie Thompson,' of Aberdeen, and spoke with a strongly marked Aberdeen accent, This figure ate a portion of a ' bannock ' which had been brought for it by a lady visitor. The little black girl, ^vho answered to the nome of ' Cissie,' also ate a chocolate which was given to her, and after conversing on one occasion for more than five minutes, slowly dis solved before the eyes of the audience until nothing was left but a black smiling face, and then thot too disappeared.' Our Dubbo correspondent wrote us last night : — The Coalbaggie mystery is tho talk of the town just now. I hear a number of people intend to visit the placo to-morrow, when they intend to hunt the goblin, and bring his scalp to the stock inspector. 