? SOME of the "Morocco Bound" company will caper in the Princess' panto., notably Miss Edith Courtney, whose burlesque Ekirt dance has been copied here, there and everywhere. Miss Courtney will be the dancing girl of the Xmas show". A JOKELET in the New York Life maybe quoted here with advantage just now. " How do you •feel about the income tax ?" exclaimed one to another. " I am in favour of having a law passed giving every man an income large enough to be taxed," said the other. We do not notice any such proposal in the programme of the Premier of this colony, CARDINAL MORAN suggests hydropathic treatment tor the cranks who are fooled by Spiritualistic humbugs. He would have theui pumped on till they confessed they had learnt better sense. A stream of pump water may not be good logic, but it is very cooling. By-the-way, Dr. M'Carthy says Mrs. Mellon is a sensitive woman very easily moved to tears—a water melon, in short. DAMFIEK'B company's performance of " Robbery Under Arms " iB variously criticised by the London papers. Rome are Bcornful, others kindly and forbearing, and others again flattering. The play is sneered at most undeservedly. It is the best Australian play up to date, which does not mean much, certainly, but at the same time it is far and away superior to scores of melodramas that have come to us in Australia with London reputations. A MAN named Mangan has been arrested for going to sleep on the railway lino. The guard of a train that had fortunately been pulled up within a few yards of Mr. Mangan discovered the gentleman before his head was mown off. It was natural for the tired man feeling sleepy to lie down amongst the other sleepers. A Government that has so much difficulty in providing sound sleepers for its lines should bluBh to prosecute a patriot like Mangan. THIS case was not heard in Sydney the other day : John Jones, labourer, charged with assaulting Constable ltyan in the execution of his duty. Constable Byan appeared decorated with an ornamental black eye in three colours and a tint. The Bench.—Prisoner, you not only misbehaved yourself in the street, but you assaulted the constable who arrested you." Prisoner. —" No, please, Your Worships, I did not hit the constable j 1 just raised my hand to him like that." The Bench.—*' Did you ? Well, what gave him that fearful black eye?" Prisoner.—*• I don't know, Your Worships; but I think it must have been the psychic force." A NEW conundrum : " Why is Mr. T. S. Henry, the gentleman who upset Mrs. Mellon's seance, unlike the dog in the fable?"—Because he clutched at the shadow and caught the substance. Mu. G. D. CARTER, M.L.A., remarked in the Victorian Assembly the other evening that the gaols were open to the rich and poor alike. This is all very well in theory, but the poor have a good many more opportunities of getting into them. Mr. Hancock, however, observed that the rich had availed themselves of the privilege they possessed in this respect. This was a '.ly allusion to some distinguished inmates of Pentridge, who were sent there on account of certain transactions in connection with the land boom. If Mr. Hancock had his way, there would be a largo contingent of bankers chipping stones or making boots in the Coburg establishment. SAID a Yankee visitor to a PUNCH man:—" You people ought to be eternally grateful to that onchoss council way back there—at Moorabbin, ain't it ?—fer ref usin' to allow mixed batbin' promiskuslike. See, you can't reckon what that's saved yeh in cool cash. I ca'c'late it's as much er. five hundred thousand dollars a year in your pockets. You don't Snow what it is to pay fer swell-up bathin' dresses fer yer wives an' darters ? Wall, when you do you'll wonder fit to bust how such a durned little thing kin come to so much. You one a heap to that Moorabbin council, mark me. I'm a fam'ly man myself, an' I tot up that if thore'd bin no sich thing ez surf bathin' in Amurka I'd a bin a wealthy man now instead o' travellin' in the hardware line. That's so." MB. PRENDERGAST, M:P., to Mr. Trenwith, M.P., who having been in Parliament for many years can afford to speak disparagingly of hash:—'* The working-man who gets above hash when he comes into Parliament may have to _g°, back , to hash when he leaves." These are words of wisdom. The teetotallers are fond of asserting that " those who drink beer think beer." Can it be that there is anything peculiar in hash to radically affect t.ho views of those who devour it 9 In any case, Labour members should paste Mr. Prendergast's words in their hats, and be prepared to return to hash at p week's notice. Lords of Labour, who are lifted from the " case " or from the last, Do not stray from simple diEhes that have pleased you in the past [ Look not on the steaming turkey, it is not fit food for you, Be content with bread and treacle and a plate of Irish stew. Yearn not for the luscious chicken, or the toothsome roast of pork, * Prom the tongue that seems to tempt you turn your humble knife and fork; So abstain that you may always say you do not give a dash Just as long as you can fill up with a quantity of hash. Hash is Radical: the turkey is a Tory—pass it by. Or 'twill undermine your principles and give you notions high ; Then you'll have no stomach for the views your labour friends compel, And you're sure to fare but poorly when they say to you " Farewell.'" The "Spirit" of Mischief. Mus. ANNIF. BESANT holds that there are mischievous spirits, ghosts, that delight in playing games upon mortals, and putting up all kinds of practical jokes upon mediums; larrikin spooks, in short. It is these larrikins from the mysterious mists of the great subsequent who do all the ridiculous things that occasionally happen at mances, and they pass themselves off at times as the spirit of great men.like Shakespeare, Milton( Darwin, etc., and insult the memory of these geniuses by talking ribald nonEense in their names. There is a hint in this which should dawn upon servant girls in Spiritualistic families. It should b« out of date now to blune the cat for broken crockery and missing edibles; why not use the larrikin spook ? The following story will show the possibilities of the idea :— There lived near Melbourne, by the sounding sea, A gentleman whose maiden name was Henty, A Spiritualistic investigator he, Who held that spirits throng where'er we be, And ghosts and goblins grim abound in plenty. Hi^ servant girl—her name was Mary Jane- He had converted to his superstition. At night she dared not ope the door again Kor fear a horrid spook with hoofs and mane Might grab her, though conlent with her position. Twn years since Henty, who was christened Jack, Discovered that his plates were mostly missing, That cups and saucers went, and ne'er came back, Of spoons and forks there was a plenteous lack, And oft he heard mysterious sounds of kissing. Then Mary Jane received a hot rebuke. And straight replied with proper indignation. Then, as a^-afterthought—a mental fluke— She said the place was haunted by a spook, A ghostly peb beyond all reformation. The boss believed, and then whene'er a plate Was broken or a silver spoon abstracted, He blamed the ghostly larrikin, and straight Wrote lucid letters to the Press to state The nature of his spook and how it acted. But what the wicked spirit lost, oh! dear, Was naught to what he ate—he was a glutton— He drank the port, and scores of bottled beer, And ate whate'er happened to be near, Pie, corned beef, pickles, chicken, pork, and mutton. He ate poor Henty out of house and home; At length grown sceptical—not ere he'd need to— The boss asked Peeler X. to watch the gnome, Which X., who oft at night that street did roam, At once with zeal most willingly agreed to. But etill the spook went on creating rack 'Midst Henty's beef and corn and oil and honey, And then poor H. gave Mary Jane th« sack. The spook went, too, and never more came back. To say the least this circumstance is funny. We met one day, sly Mary, plump and red. " Where's that bad spook ?" we asked her, as a feeler. Sh9 blushed some more, and bowed her ginger bead. " Please, sir, I married him last month," she said, Now Mary Jane is Mrs. X. the peeler. 