: — ; : T Wesleyan District 4 . - . Synod. Opened at Maryborough. Tlio proceedings of tho South Queensland Distriot Synod of tlio "Wosleyan Church com menced oil Tuesday evening. A publio tea was served in thoscliool hall early in tho evoning, and at 8 o'clock a publio wolcomo was ac corded tho synod in tlio church, when u largo numhor attended. Tho Rev. E. Youngmiin, pastor of the church, presided, and oxplaincd the object of tho mooting. Mr. W. Williams, senior circuit steward, gavo a wolcomo in tho namo .of tho church and- town, and pledged tlioir best efforts to entertain tho visitors. Short addresses were givon by Boveral visiting ministers, reciprocating the cordial expressions. Several solos wcro rendered during tho ovening. Tho meeting continued till 10.30. A trial sermon was preached at 7 o'clock on AVodnesday morning by u candidate for tho ministry,. Tlio businoss session comtnonccd nt 9 o'olock on Wednesday morning, the ministers mooting nlono until 10 o'clock to transact urgent busi ness. At that hour the representatives of tho various oirouits met tho ministers, and tho usual business of thut session wus takon up. Tho following aro tlio mombors and tho oirouits from which they came : Rev. A. J. Wobb (president), and Messrs. J. Reid and Hawkins, representing Albert street circuit, Brisbane ; Rovs. W. H. Harrison and E. Dyor, and Mossrs. J. C. Nichols and J. S. Bennett, Wesloy circuit, Brisbano ; Rev. T. B. Holmes, Vnlloy, Brisbane ; Rov. W. H. Howard and Mr. W. Carter, West End, Brisbane ; Rov. II. Youngmnn (ox-prcsidont) and Messrs. C. . Higlifleld and J. O. Colledgo, Toowong ; Ray, T. Warham and Mossrs. Lnnham and Lugg, Enoggora; Rev. H. Pennington and Messrs. W. B. Robinson and J. Wostacott, Nunduli ; Rev. A. Hutchison, Sandgato ; Rovs< R. Stewart, -W. Brown, and T. R. Tburiqw, and Messrs. J. M'Gill and J. Rose, Ipswioh ; Rov. 1'. Brassingtbn, Pino Rivor ; Rov. J. J. Gee, Boonloigh; Rev. W. Jetferies and' Mr. J. Jarrott, Toowoomba; Rev. W.' Dinning, War- : wick ; Rov. J. Snell, Stanthorpo ; Rov. J. .R. Williams, Roma; Revs. E. Youngman and O. Wiles, and Mossrs. W. "Williums and' Ji. Robinson, Mmyborough ; Rev. J. G. Martin and Messrs. E. By the way and J. Bonnott, Gympio ; and Rov. H. H. Nolan .and Mqssrs. W. G. Marsh and S. Taudovin, Bundaberg. In addition to tho . representatives, Mr. Garner, tho homo missionary from Nambour, who has reoontly oomo from Viotoria to enter into tho work in this colony, andMr. Kirke, 'tho homo missionary from Parudiso, wero invited to tako seats during tho sessions, as was also tho oandidate fjr the ministry. ' - Tho Rov. H. Youngman gave notico of motion on tho subject of Mothodist union ; also' regarding tho 'formation of ladios' and young men's nnxiliarios to tho Homo Missionary Society. Tlieyoting for a distriot representative to acoDmpany'tho chairman to tlio next confer-' onoo' resulted in' tho elootion of the'Rov.'Hi' Youngman by. a -.largo majority.' i'r.It- was resolved. , to .rqcbmmeud,. . conference .-: change tho name of the Enoggora ' Cir cuit to Ithaoa. No division ' of cirouits nor alteration of boundaries was proposed. A. resolution having boon proposed for the division of the distriot into three districts, tho Rev. W. H. Harrison moved, the following resolution ' ' That . a resolution regarding tho division of the distriot into three districts having been raised and disoiissed, the conferenoobe reoommended to remit the question for con sideration for tho noxt September meetings within .tho district, whioh shall report to tho noxt distriot synod." This was carried. Re garding the ' staff of ministers in oirouits, a request was read from tho Wesley oirouit, and it was resolved, — "That in view of thofinanoial diffioultios of tho Wesloy circuit, the conference bo strongly recommended to relievo that oirouit of ono of its ministers for one year." A request from the Gympio oirouit not to have a second' married minister appointed next year was not' endorsed us. a recommendation to tho conference! No oirouit asked for an additional minister to bo appointed. Tho Rov.' R. Stewart, Homo Mission secretary, read a report of the opera tions of the sooiety during tlio your. AVork had been successfully carried on at Thargo- imfldah by Mr. Webster, Paradise by Mr. Kirko,' Mr. Garnor ut Nambour, and Herbert River by Mr. Cairns. The missionary's report from Paradise showed suoh extension that ho was now unablo to cover ull'tho ground, and urged a division of too station, on "agent to. be appointed to the north and another to' the- south side of tho Burnett River. A recommendation to that effect was resolved to be sont on to Home Mission Committeo. .Tlio distriot secre tary, Rev. A. Hutchinson, having made up the general returns, read them as fallow: Number of churches, 71 ; sittings they accommodate, 10,510; other preaohing places, 53 ; number they accommodate, ; 2,750 ; parsonages, 19; ministers, 26:; local preachers, 118; churoh members, 1,757 ;' on trial for membership, '87. ; adherents, 13,175. In most of those purtiou- lars an increase is shown on' tho previous-year.- Tho Rev.- W. Brown, Sunday sohool-secrotanr, read his roturns as follows : Number of schools, 73 ; officers and teachers, 664 ; soholars, 6,643; average aftornoon attendance, 4,085; 'scholars over 15 yoars of age, 084 ; volumes in libraries, 10,640; readers, - 1, '436 average : weekly issue, 605. An luorease or - 3S0 suhelurs was shown on too year. Tho property secretary, Rev. . R. Stewart, . rend the properly report showing income, expenditure, and present debt- on tho properties. Those returns are for .too SoathQneensland distriot only.. The Northern Synod now in session at Townsville is, preparing similar returns .for North Queensland. GiKrs'of Land. . ; It was reported that Mr., Dean, of Mitchell, and Mrs. MTntosh, 'of Romu, had made gifts of land for the use of the ohuroh! It was ro-' solved to thank th'e'donors andlto insert their names intoe list of life raembors of the.. Homo Mission Sooiety. ,. ... Loan Fdotj. ' Sevoral oirouits in 'arrears in too repayment of loans to tho Loan Fund were qnestloned, and too replies considered. It was understood that speoiul efforts would bo made to meet- the liabilities, . Hoke Mission Fund. Returns of contributions from the oirouits to toe Hoino Mission Fund wore read, showing a total of £405 9s. 9d. .... 1 Foeeiqn Missions. ' Tho seoretary of thfe Foroign Missionary Sooiety read the list: of contributions for the colony, showing a total of £296. \- SriniTOAD AVoex. A portion of too evening session was set apart to consider toe question "What is tho spiritual state of our ohurehes." . Sevoral ministers. -and iayinon gave -interesting .accounts of suooess in their various oirouits'..' In this' way "a devotional hoflr was spent, after which toe following resolution, moved by Rov. H, Youngman,' was passed: — "This distriot synod ' records its great gratitude to God for too general increase now reported, and for too testimonies now heard of the graeious work experienced in sovoral of too oirouits ; it ox- pressos its conviotion that our most urge 5 need is intelligent, consoientious,' and lioartlelt devotion to Ghrist and His ohnroh, nourished by prayor, Biblo study, and the re-! ooption of tho gift of the Holy Ghost; and -it pledges itself to renewed personal consecration and effort to win monf rom too error of their ways, and to build them up in that holiness and righteousness of lifo in whioh God is best glorified and His cause most offeotuully pro moted." Geants. Several oirouits, unable to raise toe neoes- sary umonnts to mcot. their finanoial claims, made applications for assistance from toe Home Mission Fund. Recommendations woremado in each ease, and in tlioBo of tho homo mission stations. To givo further assistance) to noddy objects, it wus decided to recommend tho.oon- fereneo to appoint a week during toe year for special prayor and self-denial. . Tho session adjourned ut 10.15 p.m. ; . Short Stories for busy people. Pago 7 to-day. ; Debatino Societies Union.— -Mooting ; of delegates was hold lust Thursday; evening, at Darragh's Buildings, Quoon street, when the following sooioties wero represented : Brisbane Debating, Central Parliamentary, St, Bridget's Parliamentary, OoorparooMutiial Improvement, Y.M.O. E. and I., AYoolloongabbu Literary und- Debating. A vote of, thanks ,was: ' passed to Mr. Gummerfor ids efforts in oouneotion with the recent annuul gathering - on .Oiitober 17\. Notices of motion re literary and mnsiool competition, also eommittee for Union Parlia ment., Part of . too.ridos for. tho Union Parlia ment were toad,' disouitoto,, and, with; amend-;, 'meats were passed. Much eorrespofldeflbe was also dealt with. ' 