THOMAS COOK'S MISSION IN ADELAIDE AS TOLD BY HIMSELF From the August number of Out and Out we copy Mr. Cook's account of his mission in Adelaide. On arriving, in Adelaide, Mr. , Cook sayB of his work in . PIRIE STREET The newspapers gave us considerably more attention than is usual, and did much to create public interest in the mission.. We were literally 'boomed' by the leading journals. Portraits, interviews, and notices 1 were given, almost to extravagance. As the result, congregations from the beginning were all we could desire. A large number of seekers entered the enquiry-room the first night, and the mission was launched with every prospect of success. Night by night the power and interest increased until the Sabbath, when the spacious church was far too small to accommodate the crowds that came to hear. Friday nights were set apart for Holiness meetings, on which occa sions the congregations were larger than on any other week night. The hunger for in formation on this subject was;most inspiring, and the number who have received definite blessing is not the least important result of our visit. Conversions multiplied so rapidly that before the end of the mission between four and five hundred persons had professed toreceiveremiBsionofsins. Noonday prayer meetings were most popular. At these some remarkable answers to prayer were an* nounced by the workers. Special prayer lists had been recommended of at least a dozen names, and before the mission ended the majority of those on several lists had been won for the Saviour. One told of four teen on her list who had been converted. Others rejoiced oyer seven, eight, nine, and ten, for whom prayer had been answered. At the last service the church was a spec tacle never to be forgotten. Looking from the organ loft, a dense mass of faces pre sented itself wherever the eye turned from floor to ceiling. Aisles and passages were obliterated, and doorways thronged. But the most interesting sight was that of the new converts, who filled the central area from the communion rail to the rear of the church, and though two thousand voices made the walls vibrate to the foundations the song which most affected the ear and the heart was the doxology when sung alone by the four hundred and eighty who had been brought to religious decision during the mission. It was a memorable gathering, and one which ie not likely to be forgotten, least of all by those for whom it was held. After an address to the converts, a number of others pushed their way into the enquiry rooms, and so, amid triumph and thanks giving, closed our first mission in South Australia. KENT TOWN We commenced, at Kent Town on the Saturday of the same week with an address to a large and selected band of workers,' who were all eager and expectant. The endue- . ' ment of power was urged as the first and ever continuing necessity for successful ser vice. Ou the first Sabbath over ninety persons, young and old, decided for Christ. This grand beginning proved that the confi dence with which the mission had been looked forward to was not in vain. It 'was the pledge and earnest of still richer bless ing. Every evening during the week brought larger audiences, until the Friday evening at the Holiness meeting, when the baptism of the Holy Ghost descended upon' a full church. This prepared for the second Sab bath's services, which brought blessing with it above our largest expectations. The afternoon service was for young men, many of whom decided 10 be on the Lord's side. We had an unprecedented pack in the even ing, and what was better, the room was filled with seekers who came for the simple asking to find peace in Jesus. Monday's service was unequalled for impressiveness and results. The constant stream of men, women, and young people down the aisles into the enquiry-room led many to auk 'How is this ? We have never seen it thus before. Truly this is the work of God.' Tuesday's service was preceded by a social , I tea, at which several hundreds of the con verts and workers were present. Before my address to- the converts, Mr. HaBlam asked all to join in praise that we had been 1 sent to Adelaide, and for the wonderful blessing God had given, which he hesitated not to say would raise the whole of the generation with which they would come in ! contact. 