tflXSELLANEOUg. QUEER STORY. A CHRISTMAS CONFAGRATION. Etsbt country distriot in England, even at the end of tho nineteenth century, nuraes ite plentiful store of legends and superstitions ; but I do not think thore ia any part where . thoy linq.'i quite bo much as in our beauti- ful and romantio western counties. There is not a village where you cannot, if yon have a mind, piok up half-a-dozen wonderful stories relating to tho neighbourhood j hardly a. poor man above tho middle age who ie not an interesting raconteur of Buch things, if you know how to draw him. I. myself havo always taken a pleasure in doing so when I have had tho opportunity ; and though, perhapB, nob mora than one in ten of these legends is worth retaining in one's memory, yet that tenth one is frequently so quaint, so fanciful, and oven- so dramatic, that it fairly counterbalances the tedium of liBten- iog. to the other nino superstitious common places. .The story whioh I am now about to relate was pioked up in Devonshire several years ago, and ia certainly worth repeating on aoconnt of an extraordinary modern ending to a very old- standing tale. This ending i can vouoh for;, beoause I saw ifc with my own eyes. While oa for the preliminary events, which nr© said to have occurred early in the past century, |I can only assert that they are an article of faith in every poor family on that country side. .Several years ago thero stood in the villnge of P a laige Btone mansion, built in the Jaeobeun Btyle, which had long been tennnt- lesB, and was rapidly falling into decay and ruin. Its situation was delightful, on a rising slope, facing the south, and looking over a fair expanse of park and wood, with a v silvery lake in the foreground, and a glimpse, through a break in the trees, of soft, blue distant bills. It was tho property of an absenteo landlord, who had a larger place in some other county, and who somehow could not find a tenant for this beautiful demesne ; bis agent said because the house was too old fashioned and the climate too damp; the villagers (whose heads are full of nonsense), because it was haunted. This idea was based on a legend connocted with yonder large wood, in tho distance, facing you but slightly on your left as you stand on the doorstep of F Manor. It is namod Hawker's Wood, and comprises some seventy acres of timber and brushwood. It was part of tho F estate, and lias been let for soveral years to a neighbouring landlord, who has the sporting rights over the manor. But the villagers, one and all, assert that, if people had their due, this Hawker's Wood would be a common, for tbo benefit of the poor in the place. For they ay (and nothing will get the idea out of their beads) that one Squire Flarsk, more than a hundred and fifty years ago, mado over the said wood by deed, on his death bed, to certain trustees for the use and bone- fit of the poorer inhabitants ; and that his on Squire George — commonly Btyled 1 the wioked Squire ' — destroyed tho deed in question and appropriated tho wood to him self. This squire George appears to have been not only dishonest and wicked, but to havo been endued with a sort of devilish humour and sardonic sense of dramatic effect. For instead of burning the deeds then and there, as a less artistic villian would have done, he kept them concealed for some months, until Christmas Day came round ; nnd on that festive occasion, having followed tho example of his ancestors from timo immemorable and invited his tenantry to tho roasting of an ox whole at a huge bonfire in tho park, ho Beoretly consigned the packet of suppressed deeds to the fismes of the coflagration. The attorney who bad drawn them up, and who was a villian second only to his employer, stood by with Squire George and watched the villagers unconsciously celebrating the destruction of their rights, as they danced and sang round the bonfire ; and the two men exchanged many diabolical jests appropriate to the situation. Some said that the knavish attorney had hotter reason to jest than hia employer; for -moi» thn wiseacres asserted— ho had over- teHIHHmfbf|k|«nLgubstitutcd forged dooumeuw tut1 llifl MHH"!tr«ndjng to retain tho latter ns n means of levying Maokmsil in tho future. However, that may ha9t h«en, they had never again been produced ; afifr though Bomo villagers obstinately clung to the conviction that they were still extinct, if one only knew where to find them, and the large mujority adhered to the ordinary legend that thoy had actually perished in tho flames. The only punishment, apparently, that fell on the wicked Squiro in liis life was that he had a childless marriage. For he died without leaving any legitimate issuo, - though more than ono poor family in the neighbour hood boasted that the blood of tho Plarsks \- - Bowed in their plebian veins. But that lie was Buffering adequate penalties for his wiokedness in tho other world was cloarly evinced, not merely by tho plaiu pronounce ment of Scripture on the fate of Buch able proof of the tortures which his unquiet soul endured. This proof was, that every Ohristmns night, at twelve o'clock precisely, all the windows of P- — Manor lighted up with a sudden bluzc, nnd against the shining back-ground of flume was to bo seen tlio dark form of Squire ; George in tho net of burning the dcedB ; while a ring of swarthy figures— not innocent oountry folk now, hut hell-born devils— danced round and round with shrieks of unholy mcriitnent. Tlio old gamekeeper on the estate, an honest and trustworthy follow, assured nic solemnly that, on several occasions, while out night watching, ho liad witnessed the Bceno which has just been . described. I did not doubt his good faith in the lesBt ; but I liad my own theory about the natural phenomena which had prohablv taken him in, and none the less easily, it might bo, because he had been 'keeping Christmas.' For what more likely than that the flashing of the moon on the windows had dazzled tlio drowsy watcher's superBtitioue eyes 1 Or that tho shadows of flitting owls — which infested the old place — had been mistaken by him for human figures ; and their weird screeches j for the devil's unholy merriment 1 J I was refill enough to bint this to bini| Ml a possible .explanation of what he had seen. But be | naturally treated the idea with con temptuous scorn. ' Nay, nay, sir,' ho answered, with a shako of his hoary head. 'If you'd jest seen it yourself you'd never talk Buch silliness as that. Besides, don't you think I've been oqt ofton enough at night to know what the moon shining, on windows is like, and to bo tol'bly well acquainted with tho hoot of an owloti No, no, Master Obarlos; you toko mo for a fool, I'm thinking.' Not at all, Bracebagge,' I said, apologeti cally. 'I know you to be very far from that. But I confess I should like to see this wonderful spectacle with my own eyes.' ' Would you really, now t' he inquired, fixing his eyes upon me. 1 1 should, indeed,' I repeated, emphati cally. ' Well,' he said, slowly, ' if that's really your mind, I don't know why yon shouldn't. Christmas Day will be hero in less than a week, and, should you be agreeable, I'd take yon put and bIiow you the sight from the Bame point where I've seed it from myself three times. Then you'd be sure there's no mistake.' ' Done !' cried I. I'm your man, Brace bagge.' And (hen I udded, as I thought I detected a curious look in his eye, ' All fair and square, of course 1 You won't play a trick upon me, by sending some of your friends into the Manor House with lights or anything of that sort V He smiled, rather scornfully. 1 Practical jokes ain't my way,' he answered. 'Least of all would I jest wi' such a fearsome subject as the flames of eternul torment. You muy trust me, Master Charles. I give you ray promise.' This quite satisfied me, for I knew my old friend to be probity itself. I, therefore, arranged with him definitely, before I left his ccttngo that evening, to make our projected little excursion on the night of Christmas Day. As I walked homo after doing so, I reflected to tnyseif that it was a foolish and somewhat fatuous undertaking ; for, of course, the apparition of Squire Gcorgo nnd his attendant evil sprites, against a background of supernatural fire, was sheer nonsense — utter impossibility. At the same time, I must confoss that when the appointed day and hour arrived, 1 did feel just a little bit excited, and not quite as calm or confident as sober reason would have had me be. I called for old Bracebngge at his cottage, and wo walked together to our intended point of view, a grassy knoll surmounted by a clump of beeches, exactly facing tho matter house, and about three hundred yards away. Hera there was nothing to intercept our line of sight, not even a tree ; so we seated ourselves upon the waterproof rug which I had brought out with mo, lit our pipes, and waited, for it still wanted nearly half-an- hour of midnight. It wsb rather a windy night, and tlio whistling of the wind in the woods at our back caused a decidedly oerio sound. My companion, also — in order, perhaps, to work up my mind to a more receptive pitch — beguiled the interval by relating all the most gruesome und thrilling supernatural legends that he could produce from the cnpacious store-room of his memory. And I won't deny that I began to feel a trifle creepy. I tried to shake the sensation oil, but without cfiect, and at last I became quite ridiculously nervous Before ho had finished hia last yum, over which he was awfully and solemnly deliberate, tho church clock struck twelve, its olanging tones being borne to us with nu almost startling distinctness on tho breath of the rising gale. ' Now,' I interrupted him, laying my hand upon his arm, nnd giving vent to n very forced laugh, ' now, I Buppose, we may expect the Squiro nnd his evil spirits — eh V 1 They'll not he long,' ho answered ratiier solemnly. ' And when thoy came, you'll not laugh no more.' Five — ten — fifteen minutes went by. Tho old Manor House stood there, sombre and dark before us; a black obstructing mass against the starlit sky. Not a sign of light or flama was to be seen. The uniform black ness of the gloomy mansion was unbrokon from end to end. ... Of course, I might havo known — I did know — that this would be tlio case. I nevor expected anything else. For all thoso nonsensical tales about Squire George's ghost, ar.d ha I Old Brucebaggo gripped my wrist, and pointing to tho house, paid in an imprcssivo whisper : — ' T-ook, Master Charles 1 Look.' With' a -«dden, thrilling sensation, which I cannot nttempiro describe, I saw a strange weird light flash brigbTIy\c_Uio great window ot tho central liail. I rubheinHj-/AJWW- fixed them intently on the spectacle, tonssuro myself that it was not soma trick of my imagination. The light rapidly increased ; in a minute or two I could see flume- loan'"o in tho hall, showing up Its interior with vivid distinctiveness. There loomed the dnrk,, oak staircase, in tho very middle, it' seemed, of the bluzo ; there the mammoth statue of the original Squiro Flarsk in a nicho on the opposito wall ; there, tho p/jnderous ohundoliori«n»ne'",-J beam in wonderful eight spoll- bounil. "Ttin blaze sprend with oxtrnordinnry quickness to the rooms on cither sido of tho hall, and hy-oiid-hy thoy were flashes in the windows on the first floor: My companion gripped niy arm uguin, and this timo I could not restrain a shuddor. For in tho room nboro the doorway — tlio room whioh wau always pointed out as Squire George's bed chamber— dark figures wore visible, hurrying to and fro, and giving utterance to tho must blood-curling shrieks that ever suioto on modal car. That bo no owlet's screeching, bo it 1' whispered old Bracebagge to mc, with a touch of tiiuniph in his tone. I shook my head. I could not apeak. My whole attention was riveted on the awe- inspiring sight Lurid smoke was now rolling up in dense columns to the sky ; the roaring nnd crackling of tho flames resounded clearly ; and yes I There was tho orash-crnsb- crash of glass, as the fire burst through the huge panes of the windows. Then the shrieking of the demons took a definite form — an articulate sound. And ' help I help I help I' was dinned into my ears in tones ot agonised terror. | With a sudden revulsion of feeling, an , intents conriotiou, born in a moment, that I was witnessing no supernatural flames, I Bprang to my feet 1 See 1 see 1' I oried. ' The manor is really on fire, and thero are men within being burnt to death. Wo must try to savo them.' Old Bracebaggo endeavoured to restrain me. He evidently thought that I wsb mad to entertaio such an idea. But I shook my self free from his detaining hand, and staited to run across the intervening meadow. As I noared the manor and felt tho warm breath of the flames on my cheek, I saw one of the shrieking figures leap from the upstairs window and fall with a thud to the eartbl Then, except for the roaring of the fire, silence. I rushed in, scarcely able to bear tho Boorohing heat and nearly blinded by tho smoke, to the place where I saw him fall. A man's helpless figure lay huddled on the doorstep. Half dragging, half carrying, I staggered with this burden to a safo distance from the fire and laid down upon the lawn, juet as old Bracebagge came up. 1 By the powera,' he exolaimed, as he bent dnwn and examined the prostrate man's face ' if it bean't poor Tummus Node.' The man Node, although severely scorched by the fire, and badly damaged by his leap from the window, ultimately recovered. And it was from his own lips that wo loomed the explanation of the ubovo rather starting episode. It appeared that he was one of the small knot of villagers upon whom the alternative form of the legend — viz., that the deeds were still existent — had taken a strong hold. And he had got it into his head, somehow or other, that they were lying concealed in the manor-house, and that the aim and object of Squire George's annual apparition on Christ mas night was to point out to the villagers where they lay hidden ; for that, until they were unearthed nnd justice done, his troubled spirit would never be allowed to rest He had brooded over this for some months, and had half decided to put his belief to tho test by secreting himself in the manor on the night of the next Ohristmns. It iB probable, however, that ho would not have found courage for this — to him — perilous venture, bad it not been for the following circumstances. He himself and a companion still more wild, by name Jem Mace, had been caught, for the third time, asserting their rights to Hawker's Wood by appropriating certain pheasantB from that covert For this offence they were sent to hard labour for fourteen days, and their term expired about a week before Christmas. Smarting freshly from tho sting of their wrongs, they vowed roost solemnly that, if only to spito their persecutor, thoy would darn the desperate deed and conceal themselves in F Manor on the approaching Christmas night. They had both been on tlio drink since their incarceration, and thus were more than usually reckless. Moreover, to fortify themselves yet further, they had taken a bottle of spirits with thorn on their momen tous expedition. Not finding tho Squire and his attendant devils turn up ns soon ns expected, they organised a search on their own account, and nctunliy happened upon » hollow panel near tho head of tho stairs, close to tho place whore tbo deeds were supposed by some to be concealed in an iron- clamped oak chest, minutely described by the legend- mongers. They forced the panel with their tools, and — much to their surprise, Node confessed did unearth nn oslt chest nearly correspond ing to that of the story. And what is more, on prising it open, they found it full of legal documents of various kinds— ono packet of which, after careful examination, Node's companion confidently declared to bo the deeds for which thoy wero searching. They left the other papers littered about the stairs, and taking the precious packet into thn nearest room, sat down thero to drink to their mnrvollouB discovery. What happened exactly aftor that Node could not coherently explain ; he was too drunk to liuvc grasped anything. He supposes, however, that sparks from thcii pipes must have fallen on somo of tho pnpers, and so started the fire. At any rate, when thoy renliscd their dangur and tried to escnpe, they found tlio staircase in flames Node escaped, as I lmvc described. Foor Mace, who seems to havo been more hopelessly intoxicated, waB left senseless on tlio floor, nnd perished in the flames. And it goes without saying that all the papers were destroyed. Sceptical, people throw doubt on Node's story. And I myself, as far as I could fe"v V "Hr.iilrt minnnsn tlint. .Inm Mace had "-£SSlM)gg7l m tlio stair i accurately on tho contents of a legal document ; especially as, by tlio older custom, it would liave been engrossed in Goihic-oharanters. fn-w-howevor, lias to bo admitted— that among the , dobris 0n tho stone floor of tlio hall a mlnhor of clasps and a very old-fashioned padlooV, suo|, was much used in thoso days foi stron" boxes, wero notually found. . There is one npijit to recontetfH ftkiU JciJPlffaco who had awful end, he said to me : ' YV. cnn't dony that the Almighty's finger is\ t|mt, any- wayB, Mastor Charles I' \ ' What do you menn V I asked l/Vn ' Don't you know T ho explained. Acquire George liad never no child by his w\UleJ wife. But ho got my lady's maid into trouble; nnd what came of it was— Jem Mare's grandfather! 1 Further investigation satisfied mo1 that this was quito correct, 