THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS AND OUR RESOURSES. BENDIGO, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1894. THE FRUIT INDUSTRY. The fruit producing industry of Victoria is one which ought to grow to very large dimensions. At present it may be con- sidered as only in its infancy. Giving to the fostering care of the Government it has been making rapid progress, but with all that help it has not yet attained the point of supplying the wants of the colony. Especially is this noticeable in regard to dried fruits, raisins, currants and prunes. As the country is eminently suitable for the production of such fruits, and there is a profitable home market, it is really sur- prising that so little has been done in this direction. The attention of fruitgrowers has been largely given to the cultivation of apples and pears, probably because until of late years they gave least trouble, were most easily handled and had good keeping quali- ties, enabling the grower to store his fruit and supply the local market for a considerable part of the year. The prospects of a foreign trade have also done much to promote the cultivation of the apple and pear. The export trade, in fact, promised great things for the colony, especially in the British markets, as its fruits came into season when those of the old country were out of season. This export trade was taken up with enthusiasm, but experience has shown a number of drawbacks which must be coped with if success is to be achieved. So serious have these difficulties become that this year there has been a marked falling off in the export trade. With the view of considering these matters and arriving at a definite course of action, a conference of fruitgrowers was held in Melbourne last week under the auspices of Mr. Webb, Minister of Agri- culture. The Minister, in his intro- ductory remarks, referred to the necessity for united action, and to various phases of the subject under discussion to which he thought earnest attention should be given. For example, it was advisable to consider whether fruitgrowers were growing fruits suitable to the soil and climate of their respective localities. This is a matter of the greatest moment, as it has very much to do with the production of the finest classes of fruit. The growth of the best should be aimed at, but it is impossible to get the highest results unless the peculiarities of soil and climate in each district is known. This is a matter in which the Agricultural department could render, by means of its experts, great service to the industry. Guide books might be issued giving the re- quired information, which would save money, time, trouble and disappointment, not only to existing, but to intending growers. The advantages of competing with other countries, the mode of export transit, packing of fruit, selection of markets, insect- pests, etc., were all matters which the Minister thought should be fully dealt with, and on these subjects interest- ing information was given. The subject of insect pests excited very lively interest, and several papers referring thereto were read. The codlin moth was the great enemy to which attention was chiefly paid. It is this destructive insect, and its near relatives, which is creating havoc in nearly every orchard in Victoria, and to its ravages may to a large extent be ascribed the hampering of the export trade. According to a paper read by Sir. F.K. Shaw, of Goornong, most of the insects were propagated in the forests, having formerly lived in the blossoms of the box tree. Now they had found the apples and pears congenial food. In the early days of the colony, when box trees were more abundant than now, apples and pears were not affected as they are at present. It is several years since this pest began to be general, and each succeeding year it has been getting worse. Why has it seized so ravenously on the apple and pear and other fruits ? Mr. Shaw thinks it is the grasping policy of taking too much out of the fruit trees which is at fault. In other words by allowing the trees to over-bear they have become sickly, and so are subject to insect attack. This theory is one which has a good deal of common sense in it. A healthy tree, like a healthy body, resists disease. It would be well therefore for fruitgrowers to con- sider whether they have let their trees overbear, whether they have cultivated and given them the manures necessary to maintain a healthy con- dition and the power of resisting or of being obnoxious to insects. It is a fair deduction that if the pest has left the box tree for the fruit tree, it is because the latter has changed in some way and become palatable to the insect. That change is probably the result of something the tree requires. Give an ample supply of that and the pest will most likely go back to its native haunts. Such appears to be Mr. Shaw's reasoning, and he thinks more could be done to eradicate the pest,by instructing fruitgrowers than can possibly be done by any act of Parliament. Mr. Shaw con- tends that as fruitgrowers are not responsible for the introduction of the pests they should not have to bear the whole cost of their riddance. This is the view held by Mr. Bertrich, of Castlemaine, who also depre- cates stringent measures, especially where knowledge is wanting, as to the best methods of dealing with certain insect pests. He advocated the establishment of horticultural boards in the country, con- nected with a central board in Melbourne, for the administration of the Act. Other members of the conference coincided with these views. Mr. Farquharson, of Dunolly, thought inspectors, with a consulting metro- politan entomologist, should be appointed for each district, and Mr. Sykes, of Bur- wood held a somewhat similar opinion, with the suggestion that the cost of administer- ing the Act could be defrayed by a duty on bananas and a tax on vegetables from New South Wales. The discussion on the insect pest question concluded by the adoption of the Insect Pest Bill introduced last year, with a few alterations, the chief being the appointment of local boards, with a central board in Melbourne, to carry out the Act. The bill will probably be brought forward next session of Parliament by Mr. Webb. GOLD, CALLS AND DIVIDENDS.— Owing to the broken time caused by the holidays the " off week" yields did not exceed 950 ozs. The principal returns were New Red, White and Blue, 215 ozs.; Great Central Victoria, 110 ozs.; and Lady Barkly, 109 ozs. The amalgam re- turns were also affected by the holidays, the leadings ones being Johnson's Reef, 460 ozs.; Golden Age. 316 ozs.; Garden Gully United, 245 ozs.; and Clarence, 193 ozs. The dividends were Clarence 6d, and Phoenix Red, White and Blue 3d, the total being £1,125. The calls so far announced are not heavy. GERMANY'S GRAND OLD MAN.— Prince Bis- marck, born in 1815, yesterday attained his 79th birthday. THE KING-STREET RAILWAY LAND.— Mr. Sterry, M.L.A., has been endeavoring on behalf of the residents in King-street west to secure the use of certain railway land in the locality at the ordinary rate charged for miners' rights areas. He is now in receipt of a com- munication, setting forth the rents on a scale according to frontage of the various residents. As the land is not of use for any other purpose the reply is not regarded as satisfactory. The tenants will be required to erect the necessary fencing. SAVINGS BANKS' INTEREST.— From to-day the rate of interest on deposits in the Postoffice Savings Bank and Commissioners' Savings Bank will be reduced from 3½ to 3 per cent. per annum. THE PHYLLOXERA OUTBREAK.— Mr. French, the Government entomologist, reports to the Agricultural department tb.it he has finished his examination of vineyards in the districts of Mooroopna, Toolamba and Shepparton, and has failed to discover any traces of phylloxera. A SENTATIONAL BOLT.— About one o'clock on Saturday a sensational bolt occurred in the city. Mrs. Harley, of Marong, had just driven in to the Crown hotel in Hargreaves-street, and the ostler after taking the horse out of the trap tied it up to a post, while he went to attend to another customer. The horse, a flighty one, took fright, and breaking the rope bolted out of the yard, knocking down a deaf and dumb woman in crossing the foothpath. The animal rushed across to the opposite side of the road near the town hall, where he came to grief through the harness tripping him up. He, however, quickly regained his feet and resumed his mad career down the footpath in Bull-street, along the Mall and McCrae-street, up Bernal-street as far as the Cheshire Arms' hotel, down Mclvor road and Mundy-street, and he appeared to be making for the front door of the Black Swan hotel, but on reaching the footpath the affrighted animal suddenly swerved and tore along the Mall on the footpath passed the postoffice, over Charing Cross up Forest-street, returning again to High-street. As it was by this time thoroughly exhausted, it was easily caught near Messrs. Wallace and Hensley's bakery by a young man named Wilkinson who was on horse back, and who returned it to the owner at the Crown hotel. En route the saddle and harness became displaced and slipped round under the horse's belly, and this only increased his terror. In trying to kick itself dear of the harness, the horse severely injured itself about the legs. Fortunately the poor woman who was knocked down, escaped without serious injury. As there were a good many people along the foot- paths that the animal travelled, it is a matter for surprise that no one else was hurt. BOARD OF ADVICE ELECTION.— Messrs. G. G. Duncan, and J. S. Muir have been gazetted members of tho Board of Advice for the school district of McIvor North-westerrn Riding No. 293. THE MINISTER OF RAILWAYS.— Mr. Richard- son has so far recovered from the operation he underwent last week a to lead him to hope that he will be able to enter upon his duties at Spencer-street to-day. After having disposed of the urgent business at present on hand in his department, Mr. Richardson will probably tale advantage of a brief holiday to recruit his health. CASTLEMAINE AGENCY.— The Bendigo Ad- vertiser is delivered by 8 o'clock every morn- ing in Castlemaine, and for the convenience of the travelling public the Advertiser is for sale every day at the Castlemaine railway station. Mr. Sissons, of Barker-street, is the agent in the former case, and Mr. Barnes, of the railway bookstall, in the latter. SICK AND DESTITUTE.— Information was brought to tha city watchhouse on Saturday, that an old man named Abel Rathbourne was lying ill in a hut off the Mclvor-road. On going to the place, Constable Yelland found the old fellow, who until lately had for many years occupied a shoeblack's stand at the Bank of Australasia corner, in a very bad condition from illness and want. As the sufferer was evidently in need of immediate medical atten- tion, a cab was procured, and he was taken to the hospital, but it is improbable, owing to his advanced age and the hardships he had undergone that he will recover. FIRE IN VIEW STREET.— About 8 o'clock last evening the watchman in the fire tower rang out an alarm, and the various brigades promptly responded, but fortunately their ser- vices were not required. It appears that some mischievous person had unscrewed the nut off a gas pipe near Mr. Charlesworth'a bakery shop in View-street, and subsequently a passer-by, noticing a strong smell of gas, lit a match in order to find out where it was escaping. The result was an outburst of flame in front of the building, which attracted the attention of the watchman in the tower. Constable O'Keefe, who was on duty in the locality at the time, promptly obtained a wet bag, which he threw over the end of the pipe, and so extinguished the flame and prevented the further escape of gas, until the arrival of one of the Gas Com- pany's employes, who attended to the matter. THE MAYORS CONCERT.— The mayor (Cr. D. B. Lazarus, M.L A.) will on Wednesday even- ing next, in the Camp Reserve, provide a rare musical treat for the patrons to his popular concerts. He intends that this concert shall be an exceptional one, and has engaged several metropolitan artists to sing solos, and the Bendigo Leidertafel have kindly consented to also take part. The Sandhurst Rowing Club, with their customary kindness have, at the mayor's request, undertaken to decorate the reserve with colored and other lanterns. It is to be hoped that fine weather will prevail. Extra seating accommodation will be also provided. THE VINTAGE.— The work of gathering in the grape crop in this district has now fairly commenced, and by the end of the week all the vignerons will be busily engaged. It is antici- pated that while the quantity may not be up to the average, the quality will be maintained. The heavy rains which fell yesterday would be rather unwelcome to vignerons, as they will require line weather for the next few weeks. NEGLECTED CHILDREN.— A notice appears in last week's Government Gazette requesting clerks of courts, at the request of the Chief Secretary, to make arrangements for cases in which children are concerned, under the Neglected Children's Act, 1890, to be dealt with in the magistrates' room, and whenever practicable before the ordinary business of the day commences. DEATH OF AN OLD BENDIGO NATIVE.— Yes- terday the mortal remains of the late Mr. Chas. McInerney were interred in the Bendigo Ceme- tery, the Rev. Father Carroll officiating at the grave. The funeral, which left the deceased's late residence in McCrae-street about 3 o'clock, was largely attended, amongst those present being — Mr. A. S. Bailes, M.L.A., Mr. T. Hogan and Mr. Geo. Pownall, the city accountant. The mortuary arrangements were satisfactorily carried out by Mr. W. Oakley. The deceased, who was well-known and highly respected, was a native of Bendigo, over 40 years of age, hav- ing been born in the locality from which the funeral moved yesterday. His mother was for years housekeeper for the late Rev. Dr. Backhaus, the pioneer Roman Catholic priest of this goldfield. He had been bedridden for some years past, and a short time back a con- cert was given for his benefit in the town hall. He leaves a widow and three children, for whom much sympathy is expressed in their sad be- reavement. BLACKGUARDISM AT WHITE HILLS.— Several complaints have recently been made by market gardeners coming from the direction of Huntly to attend the early morning market that they have been molested by young men on the road near the White Hills. On Saturday morning the nuisance was especially bad. Four men who appeared to have been imbibing too freely accosted several of the gardeners and demanded to be supplied with fruit. On their impudent demand being refused, they made use of most disgusting language. Doubtless Constable O'Farrell on his return will keep a look out for the young blackguards, and see that they are made an example of. BANK HOLIDAY.— Wednesday, 4th inst., has been gazetted as a bank holiday at Maldon and Tarnagulla. THE GOLDFIELDS' COMMONS.— A meeting of the managers was held at their office at the Town Hall hotel on Saturday. There were present — Messrs. Buck (chairman) and F. Del- bridge. Owing to indisposition, Mr. Wills, the secretary, was unable to attend. The herdsman (Mr. F. Code) paid in £43, which he had collected for commonage fees, etc., during the fortnight. Mounted- constable Allis, the in- spector for the Shire of Huntly, under the Thistles Act, wrote directing the attention of the managers to the necessity of destroying the burrs on the common within that shire. It was decided to attend to the matter. The same writer, as rabbit inspector, drew attention to the necessity for action being taken to destroy the rabbits in the Wellsford forest within the commons' area. Consideration of the letter was deferred until next meeting. Accounts were passed for payment, and the meeting adjourned. THE LATE MR. J.H. KNUCKEY.— A me- morial service in connection with the death of the late Mr. John H. Knuckey, a well-known and popular local preacher, was held in the Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, last evening. The pulpit was draped, and the service, which was of an unusually impressive character, was listened to with close attention by the very largo congregation. The preacher, the Rev. E. Wason Nye, selected for his text Acts 11th chapter 24th verse, "He was a good man," and the epistle to Philomon, 16th verse, " A brother beloved." The rev. gentleman said there was no book in the world which gives us such living pictures of real men and women as the Bible does. When we got to our Bible and read it as we do other books, not reading a chapter at a time as a duty, but reading it with open eyes and fresh minds, it was wonderful the gallery of portraits of men and women the reader could see before him. And we feel as we read God's word that we were reading of some brother or sister we had known. It was only recently that God had finished writing the history of one brother whom they had all known and loved. He referred to the late Mr. John Henry Knuckey, who for some years past had been a regular at- tendant at the church, a class leader and local preacher. The deceased gentleman was one of those Christians who lived up to his profession of religion not only in the church, but in his home and in the workshop, and they were the sort of Christians that were required. He was faithful to his God, and honest and straightforward in his dealings with his fellow-men, and had left behind him an ex- ample that other young men might well emulate. The preacher concluded with an earnest exhortation to his hearers to place their faith in God, consecrate themselves to His service, and thus show others a good ex- ample. During the service the church choir, under the conductorship of Mr. J. Miller, ren- dered the anthem "Vital Spark" and the organist, Miss Ebbott played the "Dead March" in Saul on the organ in a very effective manner. THE ART OF COOKERY.— For some time past Mr. J. W. Faul has been advertising his inten- tion to give £10 in prizes at the next Spring Show for the best exhibit in cooking done in the "Favorite" cooking stove. The offer has aroused considerable interest among housewives and daughters, and in compliance with numerous requests one lady has established classes. We have received from her samples of pastry, etc., cooked in this stove, and from its quality there is every reason to look for a most interesting competition at Show time. A COACH FOR COOLGARDIE.— On Saturday afternoon a rather unusual object was to be seen on the passenger platform of the local rail- way station in the shape of a coach which had been brought down in the Echuca train. It was consigned to the Coolgardie Coaching Com- pany, and had been built by Cobb and Co., of Hay, New South Wales. The vehicle appeared to be of very strong and compact make, and as notified on ??? to accommodate eight pas- sangers. The rate charged for the trip to the goldfields is £7 per head. CITY POLICE COURT.— The mayor (Mr. Laza- rus) and Mr. A. Bayne, Js.P., presided on Saturday. An old man named James Ken- nedy, was charged with the larceny of a pair of boots, valued at 7s, the property of William Dillon. The complainant deposed that he re- sided at the Bendigo hotel, and on the 28th inst. he missed from his bedroom a pair of boots which had been traced to the possession of the accused. A sentence of one month's im- prisonment was imposed. In the case of M.J. O'Connor, who was proceeded against by Miss Linehan, judgment creditor, to allow cause why he had not paid an amount of £7 14s 6d for which an order had been made in the court some time ago, defendant was ordered to pay the money on the 14th April, with £2 4s 6d costs. Mr. Kennedy appeared for the judgment creditor. The court then adjourned. OFF TO COOLGARDIE.— Amongst those who have decided upon setting out for the new gold fields in Western Australia is Mr. W. Ruther- fold, a well-known and highly-respected resident of Goornong. This gentleman was in the city on Saturday, and booked passages for himself and two other young residents of Goornong (Messrs. McGeil and O'Meara) with Mr. J. Hemming, the local agent for Messrs. T. Cook and Son. They leave by the s.s. Innamincka on 10th inst. ENGINEDRIVERS' ASSOCIATION.— The weekly meeting of the Bendigo Branch was held at the Temple Conrt hotel on Saturday evening, Mr. J. Tregear in the chair. A letter was received from the general secretary, Mr. A. Forester, notifying that a levy of one shilling per mem- ber on the branch funds had been struck, con- sequent on the death of Hugh Jones, of the Ballarat Branch . Other business of a routine nature was transacted, and the meeting closed. BENDIGO ART GALLERY.— The number of persons who visited the Art Gallery during the week ended 1st April, as compiled by the curator Mr. J. B. Harris, was as follows: — Monday, 2,640: Tuesday, 618; Wednesday, 539; Thursday, 428 ; Friday, 307 ; Saturday, 248 ; Sunday, 357; total, 5,117. March, grand total, 8,512. THE PANTOMINE.— The excellent attendances which have been the rate at the theatre during the past week, prove that the Easter attraction this year has been worthy of special notice. Not one dissentient voice has been heard, signalising beyond a doubt the merits of the production. Works of art are presented in the scenery, Mr. Hennings having spent months of his valuable time in this respect. Through out the whole of the pantomime there is a suc- cession of stage settings which are luminously bright and dazzling. Much time has been de- voted by the property master to the appar- tenances and properties, and from beginning to end, traces of his clever handiwork are seen. Much of the success is due to Mr. John Wal- lace, the stage manager, whose vast knowledge in productions of this kind has led to the result attained, that of a perfect illustrated pantomime. The other ladies and gentlemen of the company deserve every praise for the manner in which they filled their respective parts in making " Sinbad the Sailor " so popular. The acrobatic feats given in the second act are extremely neat and clever, and the harlequinade concludes a really excellent night's amusement. The mati- nee given on Saturday afternoon was in every way a success, so much so, that next Wednes- day afternoon there is to be another, and posi- tively the final one given; children, being as on Saturday admitted to all parts of the house at half-price. The general admission for to-night and till the end of the season has been reduced to popular prices, namely :— Dress circle, 3s; stalls, 2s; and pit and gallery 1s. In order to make the last few night's specially attrac- tive, the management will introduce new songs and dances in the pantomime, and additional features in the harlequinade. By announcement elsewhere it will be seen that special arrangement's have been made with the Tramway Company for specially reduced rates for the residents of Eaglehawk. On the pay- ment of 1s 6d a return tram ticket and admis- sion to pit or gallery can be secured; and with the same concession, on payment of 2s 6d, admis- sion to stalls. The tickets can be obtained from all conductors and the leading business places at Eaglehawk, and are available up to and including Thursday night. All are advised to arrange for them early, as only a limited number are in circulation. VAGRANCY.— Yesterday morning Constable Yelland found a man, who subsequently gave his name as William Henry Buehan, lying under one of the sheds at the Show Grounds. He was taken to the city watchhouse and locked up on a charge of vagrancy, and was then suffer- ing severely from exposure and damp, but after being given some hot tea and supplied with blankets, he recovered somewhat. DEATHS IN A HOSPITAL.— Charles Mclner- ney, aged 47, admitted on 22nd inst., died on Saturday from paralysis. Henry Brown, 58, admitted on 22nd inst., also died yesterday from cancer on the tongue. In the latter case, which was a very bad one, Dr. Atkinson performed an operation yesterday morning, but the patient collapsed, dying shortly after wards. ALL SAINTS' CHURCH.— Last evening this church was largely attended, when the Rev. J. Garlick officiated, assisted by the Rev. Canon Watson of Sale, and Mr. Wm. Rettie. During the offertory Miss Fanny Charlesworth of Ferrholm Grove, Camberwell sang, "He Shall feed his flock," from the Messiah, and "I will Extol thee," from "Eli." Miss Mabel Davidson who was once a very regular and much valued member, also occupied a seat in the choir stalls. Yesterday morning "Jesu my Lord," a beautiful hymn by Mr. King, was sung with great fervor and heartiness by the choir and congregation. The full choral service was finely given." INCIDENTS IN THE LlFE OF CHRlST.— At the Congregatioual Church last evening the Rev. A. B. Kofe gave the last of his series of addresses on " Incidents in the Life of Christ." The text was John 14th chapter, 19th verse — " Because I live ye shall live also." The preacher said he had preached at Easter on the resurrection of Christ, and the question arose why did Christ not complete His work by His ascension im- mediately, instead of apparently loitering on earth for 40 days. It was by no mere chance, but was as much a part of the plan of redemp- tion as His birth, life and death, and was to influence the people by His constant personal and spiritual contact. It was necessary to complete His teaching of the disciples by bringing to their minds the promise of the Holy Ghost of the advent of Him for whom they were instructed to tarry in Jerusalem. His presence was a different one from His earthly state of being and as such was recognised by His disciples. The lesson he (the speaker) wished to im- pres supon them was that of constant vital contact of the delegated life which through Him passed into them, energising them for the work which lay before them, and the assurance of Christ which meant to convey not only scenes of per- sonal touch, but of a presence as their guide and counsellor in all dangers. OPEN-AIR SERVICE.— Yesterday afternoon a fairly well attended open-air service in con- nection with the Primitive Methodist Churches was held in the Upper Reserve. Addresses were delivered by the Rev. D. Provan and Messrs. Dunstan and Vickers, and several hymns were rendered by those present. ROAD V. RAIL.— Elsewhere Mr. George Wrigley, jun., Flinders-lane west, Melbourne, announces that he has appointed Mr. P. H. Hutchens, of Mitchell- street, as his agent for Bendigo and district. MAURICE MORAN AND CO.— As will be seen from our advertising columns, Mr. Maurice Moran, house, insurance and shipping agent, has admitted Mr. John F. Driscoll as a partner in the business carried on by him in this city, Mr. Driscoll has been for many years in Mr. Moran's service, and from his strict integrity, uniform courtesy to clients and thorough busi- ness qualifications has won both the esteem of his employer and the goodwill of the public generally, and we feel that wa are but echoing the sentiments of the residents of the whole of the district when we say we wish the new firm every success in their business. EVENSONG AND GRAND ORGAN RECITAL.— At All Saints' Church on Thursday week, 12th April, a short evensong and recital is an- nounced. AN ENTERPRISING BENDIGONIAN.— The Lon- don correspondent of the Argus writes under date 16th February:— Mr. J. F. MacMahon and Mr. R. P. Kenna bave bought the sole Austra- lasian rights of the immensely successful opera- bouffe " Morocco Bound," in which Miss Letty Lind, Mr. Charles Danby and Mr. J.a L. Shine have been delighting the people of London for the last 300 nights. What will be almost equally good news for Australian playgoers is the fact that Mr. MacMahon has secured the services of Mr. William Elton for the part of Squire Higglns, played in London by Mr. Danby. his is a part in which there is almost unlimited scope for the comic powers of an actor who can sing and dance, and give imita- tions of the prominent music hall celebrities of the day. Mr. MacMahon is now busily arrang- ing with Mr. Arthur Blackmore, the dramatic agent, to secure a number of other popular London artlsts, so that "Morocco Bound" may be given with all the completeness that marked the London production. It will be produced either in Melbourne or Sydney somewhere about the beginning of June, and Mr. MacMahon ex- pects to leave England for the colonies early next month with this object in view. THE REFERENDUM A MISTAKE.— The referen- dum rightly looked at is really a step of retrogression (writes Macmillan's Magazine); it offends the representative system and griev- ously diminishes the dignity of Parliaments. Its root principle is, in a word, the principle of numbers; it is the apotheosis of majorities, an appeal from quality to quantity. Parlia- mentary representatives either are or should be men of greater knowledge and ability than the mass of those they represent, and the people which elects a number of worthless representa- tives will probably be wanting in political sagacity. Mazzini, whose faith in the people was almost a religion, spoke of "the great and beautiful ensign of democracy, the progress of all through all under the lending of the best and wisest." Very good but where the referendum applies what becomes of " the leading of the best and wisest?" Even as it is, such a lead- ing is not always to be had, as anyone who knows anything of American politics can very well testify. "Tlie best and wisest " are swallowed up and silenced in the crowd. There is, in- deed, a good deal of truth in Lord Sherbrooke's hunerous illustration pi democracy. He com- pared it to the passengers in an omnibus trying to turn the driver off the box and get hold of the reins themselves — with what result we are left to imagine. A FATAL FIRE.— A fire attended with fatal results has occurred in "Virginia. A dwelling house was burned to the ground in the night, and eight children and a servant girl, who were asleep, were killed. MILITARY ORDER.— The Military Comman- dant, Major-General Tulloch, has issued a general order in which he expresses entire satisfaction with the work done by all corps and departments at the Easter encampments at the Heads and Langwarrin. In his opinion the conduct of all was exemplary, and no troops could have shown a keener desire to learn everything connected with their profession. Major-General Tulloch expresses his best thanks and high admiration of the soldierly and patriotic spirit of those who volunteered their services without remuneration, although en- titled to it, special reference being made to the Mounted Rifles and the Victorian Hangers. He expresses regret that the heavy sea prevented him visiting the troops at the Heads, but remarks that the officer command- ing there spoke highly of the zeal and ability shown by all, and the excellent discip- line which prevailed throughout. This year, for the first time, the forts were fought as one fortress. Both officers and men thoroughly grasped the work they had to undertake, and the result on the whole was very satisfactory The Submarine Mining Company and the per- manent section V. Engineers did most useful work at Swan Island, and the oficer in com- mand reported that the benefit of 21 days annual training now allowed to this important branch of the service is very apparant. The Volunteer Rangers were assembled for the first time at their place of mobilisation, the Heads, with eminently satisfactory results. A sub- sequent order will be issued by the commandant with reference to the successful field operations on Easter Monday. SALE OF BOOTHS.— On Saturday afternoon Mr. J. C. Morrow sold the ricjht for the several booths for the forthcoming Inglewood races. The publican's booth was purchased by Mr. G. Nixon, junr., £18; cards. H. Ellson, £2 12s 6d; fruit stall, J. Bywater, £1 10s. FEUIT NOMECLATURE.— The confusion that may arise over the naming of well-known varieties of fruits was illustrated on Thursday (says the Argus), when a committee composed of Messrs. Lang, Neilson, Boyce and Draper, all well-known orchardists, went over the fruits now in the Exhibition to correct mistakes in nomenclature. These were found chiefly amongst apples. Such a well-known variety as Rome Beauty, for example, has several wrong names. Munro's Favorite, another popular apple, was known throughout the Arthur's Creek dis- trict as Golden Cup. Northern Spy was recog- nised under several aliases, and such an old and common apple as Stone Pippin was in some instances wrongly ticketed. Considering the great number of apples shown, however, the names were found to be remarkably correct. THE REV. MR. WESTACOTT.— The congrega- tion of the Lilydale Methodist Church having decided to give Mr. and Mrs. Westacott a fit- ting send-off on their departure for Bendigo, a social was arranged for Thursday evening last. A number of invitations were issued (says the Express) and in response thereto a very large audience assembled. Tea was served in the Rechabite Hall, and so great was the concourse that two large tables were filled three times before all were attended to. Proceedings were continued in the church, the seating accommo- dation of which was fully taken up, nearly every denomination in the town being represented. During the proceedings Mr. G. R. White, who occupied the chair, on behalf of the congregation, presented Mr. Westacott with a handsome electro-plated fruit basket, which would, he hoped, serve to remind him of the esteem in which he was held by his Lilydale friends and of happy times spent amongst them. In returning thanks the reci- pient said that the gift was a most appropriate one, representing as it did the staple industry of the district, namely, fruit. If people ate more fruit he felt sure there would be less wickedness. On behalf of the Women's Chris- tian Temperance Union the president, Mrs. Jones, next presented Mrs. Westacott with a beautifully bound volume, remarking that Mrs. Westacott had been the organiser of the union in Lilydale. Perhaps, were it not for her exertions the union would not have been formed. Mrs. Westacott briefly replied. During the evening several speakers highly eulogised Mr. and Mrs. Westacott, and wished them " God speed " in their new sphere of labor. EXTRAORDINARY CRUELTY TO A BOY.— A case of a most extraordinary character has been brought to light by the East Brunswick police, involving on the part of a father, the infliction of remarkable cruelty upon one of his children — that is, if the boy's story, on investigation, proves well founded. Last week (says the Argus,) a man named James Bolton was arrested by the police upon a charge of stealing harness, and brought before the local court and remanded for a week. Being unable to secure bail he was removed to the Melbourne Gaol, and it was owing to this circumstance, and the fact of his being thus away from home, that the present case was brought to llght. The man Bolton has a son, also named James, aged about 10 years, and a man named Donohue informed Constable Fennessy that the lad was running about the place with a chain round his legs. The boy was eventually secured by the constable and taken to the lockup, where he told a most extraordinary story. He said that his father had had him chained up for the last seven months. At first both legs were chained together, in fact hobbled like a horse. A longer chain was afterwards obtained, and this was placed round each of his legs, and also tied round his waist with a piece of rope to prevent its dragging about. These chains were kept on him night and day for the whole seven months, and were secured with a large padlock. When the boy's father was taken to gaol the key of the lock was in his pocket, and it was only by smashing one of the links of the chain that it was removed from the lad. During the whole of the time referred to the boy was not allowed outside of the house. When examined at the lockup he was in a very dirty and neglected condition, and half starved. His legs were swollen where the chain was enclosed round them, and hardened by the constant pressure af the iron. The chain is in the pos- session of the police. n addition to the charge of stealing harness the man Bolton will also be charged with cruelly ill-treating his son at the next sitting of the court. The general committee of the Eight Hours An- niversary meets to-night, when all delegates are requested to attend, as some important business will be brought forward. Mr. J. H. Bryan, professor of music, an- nounces that he will be absent from Bendigo from 2nd to 14th April, and will resume tuition on Monday, 16th April. Mr. Oliver, teacher of dancing, commences the pupils' assemblies to-morrow evening, and on Wednesday evening the Wednesday instruction class will be resumed. Mr. G. S. Bisset's establishment at View Point is to be closed on Monday, 2nd April, and pay- ment of all accounts is requested before Tuesday evening. 