POINT AND PARRY. fBT 'ABAHIS.'] PoliHoi propei hare not made much pro. greu daring the pant week, but what may be culled the by-play has been interesting, and not a little amusing. Tbe return el the Minister of Lands lor Oatlands was a fore gsne cocclmion, and the remit justified these anticipation*. Mi Burbury, who inutt be a very glutton for punishment, not bolug CD&tcnt; with his general election licking, and feeling himBelf growing blue mouldy for want of another ' batiu,' contrived to poll about tbe eame number he did before. The Hon, Alfred pat on a spurt, nearly doubled hi- former lead, and ran right away from tb.7 Municipal magnate, with a Tory sub stantial majority, CDnBidering the groiB number palled. Then followed the journa listic fnHiceui rerure, the turning down of the editorial thumb as the signal for death to the vanquished, and from each Opposition journal came the remark, 'Of couibb the event his no political importance, aB Hr Burbury represents no interest bat his own.' Pre cisely I Bat jest think what a shout of triump'h for the great DobEOnian victory would have gone up it the result had been reversed I As it is— well, it is the old, old Itory, rat riclw. Id another direction they have been pro ceeding more to the Bktis!«tioo of the chief been conducting a small triumphal progress of his own, but this is not altogether difficult Mid refuBes to pulaiverse propositions. 1 know tbat my invisible reporter, Master Pack, plays me Borne cantrtpa at times by forget common liar ; but if he is to be trusted with respect to that BeaconsSeld meeting there were in the ball just five men eligible to vote for the LegiBlativc Oouucil ; that is, five actual constituents of the hon. speaker and one on the platform, Mr Ooote's speech was a hotch-potch ia which women'B franchise wsb the chief in gredient, |thc olio being sweetened to suit tbe taste with beet sugar. When ' Tbat Mr Coitc has forfeited the confidence of the electors' were invited, the seconder. As no one Btirrcd tbe c^airmaTi had to do bo, and for the purpoBe of B^cond was taken by the bun. speaker. In bis capacity as chairman he moat properly put tbe amendment first, declared it carried, and then rnled there was no necessity to put the motion. Bravo, Mr Coote. If you can engineer a .French-Pacific c«ble as 'well is fidencc, tbat echeint has p. better chance of snecees than most purple imapinc-. But, as if.' AtjrcpQS of that French cable scheme, the Bjnnd d mere t ion with which Mr Coote kept only excelled by the profound flagacily of hli scheme with respect to his pro-Gallic anti-British enterprise. Touching this he like Bottom the weaver, he told us with respect to hl« project, 'I will roar that it will do an; man's heart good to hear uin. I will roar (hit ! trill make tbe people Bay, ' Let him ruar again ; ever, tbe Daily Tthyrpiih editorial pen pricked hiB Pacific cable bladder to ua mercifully tb&t; &U; the wind has gone out of it. Now, therefore, like the nine UluBtriouG prototype, teeing tb&t; to roar too loully id not B&fe;, be Bays in effect, ' I will nggrarate my voice so tbat 1 will roitr yon as gently bb & inctiDg dove ; I will roar von &n;' 'twere auy nightingale.' The wisdom of thiscoarae iB unchallengeable. itiU the public would like to hare some reply as to the apparent conflict between Mr Ooote'B Btmtement relative to the inter national character of the scheme, and the carrying- of it on by British enterprise, and the clauses of the agreement publithed by the Daily TeUgra/h, which simply supply a flit contradiction. Bat the most a'mniing bit oi political by* play which the week has afforded ia the Deloralne intrigue, in which two ex Minlsten, Meieri. Henry and H&rtnoll;, have tiken io active and bo undignified a part. When R Government is defeated by one, any member may be that one. and, therefore, tbe beaten men who have minds microscopic enough to try and wreak that vengeance on Borne individual of the rank and file, against 'which the party BtanriB absolutely pro si, are glad of any ehance to gratify thia splenetic hnaor. In earns people tbe feeling de TelopB an absolutely monteyiehmalcvolence; tancs the action of the ci-Minieter of Lwds in hiring an ineligible to contest the Btu^arooma electorate against a political opponent at the late general election. Tins tinuita object is Mr Norman Cameron, the member for Deloralne, who after hie election, made a tctv Toolish promise tbat be would reBign if CftlloH upon to do so by a requisition signed by CO electors. The pro mise was worse than stupidly quixotic, ?ince It dealt with interests other than those Mr Owneron can call private. Tbe 60 men represent less than one-eighth of the votes recorded at the last election, and about one ai*teenth of those on the roll. Moreover, they represent leea than one-fourth of those cist against Mi Cimeron, tince Mr Hart »toied 162 and Mr Griffin 54 agtinet his 191, so that Mr Cameron foolishly gi,v- himself right away at the start to 'lees than a quarter of bis declared enemies. U Mr' Cameron had a ri?ht' (o do thii why did he stick at 50.' Why not have made it 20, 10, five, or one 1 and thus given any single malcontent the power to put the country to the es.penee of a con tested election jast to redeem a childish promise ? But tbe promise baa been made, therefore the fallen Mimiterial godditiee, Hartnoll and Henry, visited Deloraioe on Monday last, and, in connection with Mr William Walker, proceeded to fin tbe ? moul dering embers of opposition into fin active blizB so aB to be in a position to demand tbe fulfilment of that rash promise. The trouble was first to (ret fifty names to the requisition, and next to find a candidate who wou Id havu A ghost of & show for election even if tbe names were obLained and Mr Cameron did resign. Unfortunately Jor ibe intriguers at thai -iatc &t; least, tlie mimeo had not been obtained, nor could a suiUble candidate be diEcovcrei. liDih Deloraine and Launc^Bton were canraseed and drawn blank. Men were asked to bird, and then were asked to stand, but moat per versely declined. Then Mr Ha n null .sug gested his own pet nominee, but only to meet the oracular reply, ' It b ain't no good, they wonldn't touch him with a to&KE.;' Finally the ex-Ministerial maj irlty returned from their wild goose chaE? with cars de pendent and every bit of the curl gone out of their political tail. 1 don't think it' is a lair thing to* expect men to play tbe came of politics arcordisg to their opponents' rulee, and there is no reason why the leaders on cither side should not assist the rf.uk and rile. I think when it il done it should ba done fairly, openly, and above board, byt&licg; the platform as HrFysh did at Mr I'ie»Bc'fi meetin?, and Blr Edward Braddon did at tbe Klngborough election. Bat when it comes to wire-pullicg and hackxioor bnBtnesa it becomes c^ntrmp tible. It is by these means that the required EO names bag at lut been obtained, and toolish as tbe promise was it muEt be kept, nulestMrCameron lakes a lest outof MrN. J. Brown's Cumberland protest book. As this is not likely, the pOBition m«v bo put iuto this sort ola Of the Oameron clan Who BOW tbat those names are revealed, Can tell by that list If 'tis meant to insist That Sir Norman must certainly yieM; Tet they tow that the tricksters Bhall never In achieving their ultimate aim. For tl-eir Totes will be cist As thev were in the paBt, And their member will still be the lame. I bear tde gathering pealing, pealing, Far over mountain, and meadow, and fen, As nearer they roll On tbe day of the poll, .Tlj the march of the Cameron man, They have come in their might They I eve ftURht the good fight fiBi tbei- triurrpb i! told in that cheer, n'hilp he vslorou' twain Bee their efforts are vain Uni retire with a Sea in each car; Jut the Deloraine votf-re will -till bear in DtBd Now the matter is over and done, The trick that wai played With ex-Ministers' aid Bv that bBll-rlnplrjg Bon of a gnn. Now hoar lh-- pibroch swelling, swelling, ? Far over mouutain, and meadow, and te&, As their cblef sUndB once more, Where their chief ttood before Tis the sbout of the OAmeron moni There is juflt one other view to take of tbiB matter. Though it cannot sneoeed in oneting Mr Oameron It may serve »b a political dodge to shut him out from voting on a new trial of strength when tbe House meets. The calculation may be— one vote made tbe Government, tbe want of one vote miy break it. If it looks like this the answer to the requisition may well be— ' YeB, gentlemen ; 1 promised to resign on tbe condition named, but \ did not lay whtn. Therefore I will resign when the House is next up, so that the election may be fought in tbe reoeaa without disturbing the work ot the country.' The electric storm that bai been so long in fitful progress his, during the past week, taken a new lease ol spasmodic life, and is now plavlng vigorously, if fitfully, round the devoted head ot one, ' Btcros,' who, at a. sort of literary lightning conductor, has drawn upon himself the fall force of the magnetic discharge. But 'Steroi' seems to have a comf artable capacity for taking care ot hitnesll , tad U the !UBhc» dance round him, like St. Klmo'i &re; Bound some tall mast or proud cathedral spire, lie Etill remaicB nnannlbflated. Both aides hit shrewdly, and, to change the figure, if the verbal i'ene; iB not an exhibition of the mort scientific enordmauship, it Is still very pretty cudgel play. DjBpite the odds, it Beems to me the combatants are well matched, eo I shall not strike in on cither side. But the funnic'st phase of this matter was the presentation to the Olty Oouncil of the resolutions passed at the last Albert Hall meeting, calling npon tbe 'dauntless six' to resign. Xtiese, it BeeutB, were handed over to Mr ' 1'as.' Wilson to transcribe and gene rally lick iuto Bhapc, and he apparently entered upon bis duty in tbe Bpirit of the Irifhman who wai telling a friend what a glorioui time six of them had of it the night before. Said bo, ' There was me and Pat Divver and the two Mooneye and Mike Clancy aud Mike'B couiin— but thatjs only and L'nt Sirt'er, that's two,' and Mike Clancy, that'B three, aad the two Mooneys, that's four, and Hike's couaia — Bad cess to it, I'll Bwear there was six ot us. There «a« Pat Dwyef and me, that's two, and the Mooneys that's three, and Mike and Mike's c^uiiu— Well, I disremembcr the other, but I'll swear there was six of us.' 60 with Mr Wilson. He knew there was a ' dauutleBB six,' and he addressed the docu ment to the Worshipful the Mayor, aud Aldermen Button, Fanton, Kigell, Oilmore, and Dean. That was only five ; therefore, to make up tbe number he ran in, on spec, tbe very head and front of all dissenting aldermun, Uarrett himBelf. Of course, when the paper was pasled in everyone reading it muut have known that there wbb a blunder eomeffherc, and yet the ephtnx-like solemnity of thii town clerk as he read out the name of Alderman Barrett with those called upon to resign was a perfect stuJy. So w»s Alderman Barrett— only from an opposite view-point. First there was a start of surprise, then incredulity, disgust, and horror chaBed e»ch other in quick BucceBBion over liiB speaking linea ments, and it was not until after a fit of apoplexy had been narrowly averted that he lound breath to gaBp out the substance of wha*. I have reduced to the following rhyme, entitled— Eh ! Whafe that ? My name with those others? It's false 1 You've not read it aright. That is, Mr Olerk, I beg pardon, But something's gone wrong with your sight. It can't be I Let's see it 1 Jee-rutha ! J claBsed with those scandalous men I Your Worship, 1 pledge you my honor It's simply a slip ot tbe pen, It's merely a clerical error, Your Worsbip must see it is so. For only the band of a traitor Oould deal me so felon a blow ; After all my own blowing and bluster In slating those aldermen — Then To be aaked to resign as their fellow Because of tbiB slip of the pen t That villain, Tas. Wilson, has done it, We ta.de him that letter to write ; Be did it, and now, when I meet him I'll slaughter the traitor on sight. No matter the means or the method, 1 No matter the bow or the when i I Be dies by this band. ] have laid it, For making tbat Blip of the pen. To think, after all of my trouble In raising this terrible shine, This blunder should make my own oomradefi Demand that I too should resign, And so set me scolding and clucking, Juft like to an angry old ben, Because of a careleai transcriber In miking a slip of the pen. Of oourse with our facts and our figures, Ab touching this lighting affair, I'll swear on a cartload of Bibles, We fellows have taken more care. But if any palpable error tTaouId happen to come within ken, We claim the same right to regard it As only a slip of the pen. For instance, 1 mean if our methods Have happened tbe truth to miBcall, Have proved what is white to bi black, And tint blue is no cilorat all ; If tbe splendid result ol our efforts Has made out that twice four are ten, You can average the general matter, And call it a Blip of the pen. It was a vi-ry g*i-od joke, but it would have been a etill belter one hal Alderman Barrett been ia.ua! to tbe occasion by saying, ' Well, centiumen, as 1 have somehow vcrv strangely c! tbe stork and the crancp, and so, recog. nil ing tbe right of tbe citizens to demand il, thrrt is my resignation. Will you please follow it by Bending yours ? ' What followed when Aldermen Button and Dean talked out ol tbe chamber, leav ing only four, including the Mayor, to ii on r^cor.1 that in the old times Alderman Douzlai strove to imprciB the force of a-, his head — which miescd him. Mr Douglas muet have been a; bad a marks man &i; be was a logician, or Mt Oilmore mu£t either have been very bard to con vince, or very smart at dudging. No one wants to revive this sort ot thing. Yet if Mr Barrett persists in a course of condnct BO irritating as to pitE endurance, wbo can say what will happen .' It was not what he did, but the manner in which it was done, and if it is continued we thall soon have Mayor and coancUion adopting the Eansas style of procedure — ' Dew 1 understand yew to »y that yew decline to accept that motion, Kr M»re f' ' Wai, I'll think about it.' 'All right ' (producing a revolver and presenting it) 'I'll jast give yew two minutes to turn it over in yer mind.' ?' Wal- having thought onlcr il, I puMB I'll receive it, Boeing as yer «o preB«ir-p; about it.' ' Thel'a right, and now, boyB, let's irrigate.' A Utly vrho writes to ma in terms so com plimentary as to make me metaphorically raise to her my allegorical hat, and perform for her bench; my best Sraniieoaian bow, forwards with her note the following excel lent story. Speaking as an old— alas : too oid~— rni'i'nteur, fiud one whose rrjirrtoirc £s by no means meagre, 1 pronounce it a rarity, and, being new to me, 1 think it will be co to moBt of my readers. Here it is : ? An Irishman once got a job from an under taker to make a coffin, the job to Include painting the inscription on the lid. This he was too ignorant to do, but did not like to confess it. By dint of following the written copy given him he managed to get M far aE 'Michael Baffety, aged—' but try as he would be could not imitate the twenty eight. At last he remembered that he could twenty- eight, Ro he nniahed the inscrip tion. ' aged 7777.' When they camo to bury Michael the cafllu stood at tbfi grave side, and the priest then spoke as follows : ?' Ah, lie wai a line lad, be'i lyicg lUere to still i taken away In the very prime ot lolfe, Young be wai too, only— '? here the prieat looked down at the coffin plate to aee how aid Michael wai. 'He wai only,' (aid his reverence again, ul he put his glasses on and went nearer, to lee how old he reallj was, 'He wai only—' he continued, ' ho was Seven theutani teven hundred, and ieventy-tereti ye&tt;! Thunder and blazef, aow did he escape the flood 1' 