THE C.O.D. MAN. Thoie wee a jonffling along the ball — a bait — a low noconas of doop eueiioo, and thon a roioe remarkod— ' "v \- ''I hintod to yon ;the other-day bat I should Ukoly call sgsiu. I oto bete. If yorf hat£ " no Wrioiiii 'DbjootlonB J; ' trill seht myoolt ' on this chair. Oanltebo. it thatyoudonot: object' f" I looked" up to diBCoror that1 It was tbo O.O.D. man. ' So far as I oonld obserre thora wae. no change in him.' If tho tramp nover improTee be neTordoto- Hdikteed Same man— rbrno looks— aamo oldtbca. If tbi tnmp'bad fallen into the river - Binco bis- last visit the water had simply glided < right paat him and left him nnwaahod. \- " Yoare aud yeara ago," said the than in'a dreamy way; as ho plaoed' hie oat- akin 'cap oh the floor end' set one foot on it to ' prevent" escape,' " I flattered myeelf that I knew human natnro. I now look bask and' amilo at my conoeit; I didn't know tho ABO of natore whan I thought IknewitalL Yon may havo madetho aamo nuaUkt P I thiuk yon have. I 'think yon will agree With " me thstbuman nature ianotto be daed up and tied np in bundles and dtlireretl abont like kindling wobd." ' I ogreod with him' perfectly, -hnt as long as he assumed thatT did it was no nse tosayso. , . " Take an incident that , happened in my career yesterday," ho went on, as be coolly picked the Btub of a cigar off my deek and used my last matcb to/light it. "I ca|led at the aide "door il a band- aoma residenoe on one of yonr uptown streeta and asked - tbe servant tor a raw potato -to "'bloat the knife-like edge of my hanger. Woe it anreaeonable in'mo to Sgnie that hnman natore wonld hand ma out n oonpla of generons sandwiches instead T Was I wrong u'-sxpesting that I wonld at least get a deoentisli ham bone 7 Wao I wildly visionary in dreaming that I might bo presented with a pair of old ehoes or n ooat of later vintage than this in addition to food t " . Ha waan't, but I- wasn't going to tell him io. "I petoaiva that yon art with me," ho enid, as h snrvoyed the to of his right shoo with s aritioal eye. " Hnman nature wont dead back on mo again. Tbo girl, not only ohoerfully granted my reqnest, bat added a parsnip to the potato and her bleesing to both, I came —I flgnred— I goe leitl When yon think hnman natnra ia euro to tarn in certain directions yon are apt to find it going exactly contrary. Did yon ipeak, air J" r No, I hadn't said anything, I war wondering if he didn't wall somewhere and by to trade hia potato and parsnip for an onion, bat I was Bare 1 didn't wonder alond. "An hoar or two later, "ho eaid,as he unfastened ono of tho eafoty pinn holding his ooat together that hia tangs might have mors play, " I had the look to run across ft mothoilj woman in her ahvi .a T. ILJ « I . vnu itwtviiw iniun) sea MKGa xor tamip peelings. " ' Do yon beliovo in a hereafterf1 she asked, in a kindly voice, " ' I do, ma'am.' " ' And yon hopo to go io heaven when yonr earthly toll iff'oror t' ' IVs strong hopes— Tory strong.' " 'And are you living an upright, con scientious llfo, and seeking to set a gcod example to others f- '"That's me, ma'am, to a dot. It is now threo years einoo I welit home to find my wife and children ' < Floase don't call up things which might sadden me. Yon deserve to ' be ,uuu nuat x- am going to give yon will onoourage yon to persevero in tho straight and' narrow path, and roaliso that friends '."will be raised np <0 meet yon when' the ' day sioms drikest.' - : \- -"I sixed -thet woman np as motherly and bonevolent,Vand' whoa ' she stepped odt of 'the kitoheh I flgnred on a full snit of clothes, a nqnaro meal, and abont 00 Mnte -in cash. " She rotnrnod in a minnto with my rowiurl, and what d'ye onpposo it' Was t . ' Yon have the' floor," ; tie'waa -bound to tell mein the end, so it was idle to gncrs. Theio waon't a ghost of - a smile on ' his face when ho osid— " An old family dmhrella with three ribs broken and abont forty holes In tiio cover! . There were tears in hor eyes when.shq bid me good-bye and hoped'to meet-mo in, the better lend. I osme— -I figured— I carrled that umbrella around the 'corner and 'Ut' a "dog with it, and it .was no more. ' Have yon any pattioniar objeot in holding your breath thia after noon P" I hod. My long and saooosBfal oxpe- rienoe with tmmps 'has : tanght me that dllonee la a great discourager. I didn't answer his enquiry in what he oonsldend. 0 ressohable time, 'and he very'osrefnlly 0i,i»mBM/hiB:'";pIaMd.'lffil''l8f(' hand on bip,'ond softly, observed— " To deny that I am in- urgent need of reedy caah would -be bias deeoit .ahd'nh- worthy of the pair of us. Under existing ioirounistanoes wo should work together. That is, I will work' yon for the both of :us. Yon are the flret. deaf and domb newspaper man' l ever ran across; and 1 have perhaps 'given von a now ineight into hnman nature without a shirt to its back,- Therefore, :we find something in oommon: 'Both 'of ns ahontd' -mako something out ' Af ib ; As;I ihtfodnood myeelf the other day," I em tho' 0 O D. man. ' I collect on delireiy. ' If ;I' havo nothing to deliver I oplledt jnet the same The' Credit . system' wonld rnln'my bttsl- nesa insido of ninpty days," I hod made np my"mind whoa ho firat entered the room that not -a elnglo- otivor should ho got ont of ' mo, no mat- tor how Boftlyho worlrod'hlo raokot, but onddonly, and -to my great "humiliation, I fouud my . - determination breaking down. "Had yon done yonr share of tho taflridk I sh'onld b'aVo let yon iiS With a dims,': he said, . hB ho oroacd - fixedly over my hoad at tho window, '.'As it is, my ohargo will bo fittoiin oohts; If yon' have' a' quarter I can 'taako ' the ch'argo. Ah T that's it I 0.0. D. heats threo of a kind ovory day in- tho year. Xms oill, as -yon - nndorstandi- Is only on informal one.: Some day, when I got a shirt andfaol likoMyCelf. I shall" Inoist op 'the, onstoinaiy, formalities. Mcanwhilo, I-iam. on over. -yonrfl very truly— tho-O. O. D. .mau 1- ;Ho navod''hia;hand, pulled his cat- ekln cap down as" far ns it 'Would stand tho etraih, - and- while -I was looking fall nt him be sort of tangled up and 'faded out and vanlfhod, and though I listened intently ! oonld not oron hoar the sonfl of his footsteps in tho hsll. Queer man hobttvi&rJbiratpTa;' 