THE REV. 'S^CQOlp The Rev. Thos. Cook, Wesleyan e^gelishWved?^ ': here on Sunday lwt instead of on IVpn^l^ ^a wa^ He and Mrs. jCook: '^l^fi^^^^t^jui^/ John and Lady Oolton. ;Slr ; Cook was^St^^^djj^^ botli the daily papers and gave simple stralghtfttoiid^ replies to the questions put to Jiim. He is certain - that God; will bless his mission to Australia, fife attributes whatever success attends his meetings wholly - L to the Divine blessing, yet he is careful to use whaU ever means haVe proved wisoand helpful. A welcome; meeting was held at Pine-street Wesleyan Church on Tuesday evening last, when the president of the conference, Rev. J. B. Stephenson, occupied the chair,' and addresses of welcome were giveu hy the officers of _ the circuit and. others. Mr. Cook, instead of patting hi3 hearers on the back and telling them how much he admired their beautiful city withits lovely background of hills, began to probe their hearts and awaken their consciences. He urged full consecration, and said that the reason, that so few from the world-joined the* Church was because so many from tlie Church joined world. Bis ideal Christian was a working Christian. : He appealed to them to work mM him in his mission. The mission proper"began on Wednesday when a prayer meeting was held at mid-day and an evangelistic service in the evening. The first prayer-meeting was "held in -Pirie-street Church on Wednesday at mid-day. There were a good number preseDt. Mr. Cook, presided. A special hymn-hook containing.-guitable hymns was used. Mr. Cook gave but a hymn and started it himself. He then asked the R?v. G. W. Kendrew to pray. After this Mr. Cook gave an address. He said that Mrs. Booth had said, as churches came to possess the htitoan they lost faith in the spiritual. Most churohes had begun simply, but as they grew and increased in numbers a ad wealth they lost faith in tbi? spiritual.. There was a tendency to put faith in means and men, rather than in the Gospel preached in the power of the Spirit. The truth in itself was not sufficient. The Gospel might be faithfully preached, yet there might be no result. The Gospel must be preached by men full of the Holy Ghost. The preacher who lacked this lacked everything. All the men who had been signally honored by God, were men who had been full of faith and of the Holy Ghost.. Mr. Moody when he first began to preach made no converts. It was not until he received, a Pentecostal blessing that fruit came. "•"Then though he preached the same sermons as before ' he never preached without making converts. Three years after his conversion he had his Pentecost, and . then ha received power- and blessing: Mr. Cook earnestly urged all to seek a pre.-ent baptism of the Jioly Ghost for service in that mission. The meeting lasted from 12.30 to 1.30. The mission was continued on Wednesday evening, when the Pirie-street Church was crowded. : The Christian workers to the number of forty met at f " o'clock, and were instructed by Mr. Cook a« to their . duties in connection with the mission. They Will hold : a similar preparatory meeting every evening. Tji^..Ifc&jri; g J. Berry to correct misapprehension said that Mr. ' Cook received only the salary of an ordinary minister • and his travelling expenses. A choir of forty voices led by Mr. Pash, with Mr. J, A. Hasiam, B.Sc., as organist led the singing. Mr. Cook delivered an address, which was characterized by simplicity, earnestness, and plain straightforward dealing with souls. His object was to showthat memory would be the great cause of the sufferings of the. lost hereafter, and he nrged men to blot out the past and begin to write a new and clean record by surrender to Christ and a life of faith and obedience. A laige number stood up for prayer, and . afterwards passed into the enquiry-room, where they were conversed with and prayed for by. Christian workers. The names of all professed converts were taken, with , their denomination. The mission has opened hopefully. 