REVIEW. 'NEATH AUSTRAL SKIES." Mr. Edward Booth Loughran, who is well known as a contributor of original verse to the Southern Press, has published a collection of his poems in book form under the title " 'Neath Austral Skies " In adamen to those reprinted from the newspapers in which they first ap- peared, a number of pieces are included which are published for the first time, among them the dedicatory stanzas addressed to the poet's wife. These last, although betokening true, and tender feeling and possessed of a certain | gracefulness, are marred by carelessness of a i fort to be noted rather frequently throughout the volume. A poem of the votive order may I ho vapid, but, technically, it must be flawless. Whatsoever, in the gift, may be commanded by diligence in effort is to be looked for from the giver. inspiration is not of the things that come at call, but painstaking in prosody, fitness of phrase, and weariness in the use of metaphor are all matters dependent upon the will of the individual. Such rhymes to the eye only as " bloom" and " come," " now" and glow," should find no place in such a poem. Nor should a "prelude" which "forecasts" a " dirge," a "Time," " twining silver bays," or an " alchemy" which Can . , . endow it ith pi inn s near fragrance Summer's Glow, The Autumn spray forlorn Of the sixty eight poems contained in the book, those in which there is something in the way of a story told are as a whole best, notwithstanding that the nine excellent poem of the annual collection-" The Palimpsest is not amongst them, and that the worst, the one really shockinge»ample-"Tho Story of Burke and Wills 'is. Of the poems referred to "The Commandant," in which the old Moreton Bay settlement story of Logan's ghost is told, is mr and away the most successful. the stanza well chosen with regard to the subject, the rhythm throughout carefully preserved, the rhymes with one or two exceptions true, the verse spirited and the treatment not wanting in im restiveness, as the subjoined extracts will serve to show:- In the bush, on the river's southern side,Vml it lit s 1 the raising flour betide The Commandant doth daily ride, And if he's kept waiting woe betide The puntsman, slave to his passion. He rides all alone, and whither he goes Through the darkening forest no man knows: 'Tis "to meet the Devil," the convicts suppose,one that I met, which like poisoned ice can freeze "New tortures to gather and fashion." His figure has faded among the trees Ere the cowering ferryman feels at ease From that glance, which like poisoned ice can freeze The blood it is also burning. Later and later the eve wanes by, Higher and higher the moon climbs the sky. While the ferryman waits in vain for the cry Of the Commandant home returning. The "furious hoof-beats speeding" are heard at last, but-- Although the moonlight streaming Floods all around with its silver sheen. Nor on horse nor on foot can a form be seen -- All silent, as though that gallop had been Heard but in a fit of dreaming. And by fits and starts through that vigil dread, The whole night long, he can hear the tread Of the hoofs of that strange invisible steed, Now weaker growing and then stronger. In sooth, a night of horror and fear To the watcher it seems as though a year Was passed, when the daylight doth appear, And the sounds are heard no longer. The fuses are lit, and the men being hauled up, but as the bucket upward floats one of them-- Falls senseless, thirty feet below, where through the central gloom, through the central gloom, Four swiftly-shortening fuses glow like fiery eyes of doom! The other man, a young Cornishman named Rogers, at once gives the signal to lower, and reaches the bottom in time to pull out three of the fuses, but -- The fourth confused in vain he seeks! And with a vengeful roar of doom Death from his prison breaks. But Death has missed. The noble deed has saved a comrade's life; nded and maimed, 'tis true, but spared to children and to wife. And Rogers? Nigh unscathed he stands--the true, brave, modest lad. Fit son of Lyonesse, that bore Arthur and Galahad. How weak to deeds like his are words. How coldly runs the phrase That tells, 'mid "Mining News and Notes." an set for Christ to praise! "The Dawn of the Dominion" seems to challenge certain comparisons; but quotation from that particular masterpiece, as from "The Commonwealth of Australia", "A Federation Song", or indeed any of the distinctively patriotic outpourings of Mr. Loughran's muse would be mere cruelty. The translations from Horace, and from the French and German, are interesting, as are likewise the sonnets, of which last the one addressed to our own colony merits grateful acknowledgment. It is pleasant to find that the author--whose earlier journalistic and literary experience was gained in Queensland--retains so cordial a feeling towards his old home. Friends and comrades both North and South will doubtless be glad to have the collection of Mr. Loughran's poems complete, as in the very handsomely got up volume published by Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Slade, of Melbourne. A less comprehensive edition would, however, serve the author's interest, so far as ordinary readers are concerned, infinitely better. \------------ A revolting instance of ignorance, or cruelty, or the results of both, is reported from Tobolsk, where the authorities have only just released a peasant of the village of Tooluganskaya from a chain one yard long and twenty pounds weight, by which he had been attached to the walls of his own cottage for the last ten years (says the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Standard). He was originally condemned to this confinement for an attack of madness (provably brought on by drink), but the attack having passed, the victim remained until the present date. It is reported merely as an accident, and nobody seems in danger of being held responsible. See Lomer's beautiful enlargements, at ridiculously low prices - [ADVT.] 