1mm THE MAN. a new novel, (BY MISS BRADDON.) ch-u'ter XH.— " grudged i so much to die 7" "Now," said Sibyl, when she and Urqu hart wore walking along tbo wind-blown path towards the inn where she had left her ' maid, " now, Mr. Urquhart, what is the lirst i thing to be done?" He was astonished at the firmness ot her i tone, the air ot resolute courage in so young i a girl a girl who never before had been 1 brought face to face with eritne or danger ; a girl who, in the circumstances, might have been forgiven had she abandoned herself to hyderia and distraction in her own room, instead of being hero under tbo dark night shy ready to do and dare for the man she '""You must be very fond of him," ho said, grudgingly, " or you would never have come to tliis place to- night." "I am very fond of mm, and I no more i i i- t. .» 1«.» M i»in "—vri t.Il I.lin UCIieVC UliU liu ivnibu J uwt i.xui.u "T. r ciiokiug souiul ot n, stilled sob— than that 1 was walking in my sleep in the wood, and that this hand of mine killed her. There was someoiio else— someone who will bo found and brought to justice iu God's own good time." . " Perhaps ; but God s own time may bo soon enough to prove His omnipotence, yet pot to save an innocent man's neck." " I did not think you would care so much for him as to troublo yourself what bocanie of him. I am sorry for having been so mis taken in you, Mr. Urquhart. I thought you hnid and worldly, caring for no 0110 but yourself; but the hour of troublo has shown the best side of your nature." " Oil, one can't help feeling sorry for a tellow in such a fix as that. What you and are going to do may be a risky thing ; but f we can get him oil' safely— well, it will be i life saved, most likely; for I don't think -,ho verdict would bo anything less than wil ful murder. You and i may know that if he did the tiling ho did it in an interval of aberration ; but there is no evideneo to shot? that he was ever out of his1 mind, and the theory would hardly hold good with a jury, or even with the Homo Secretary aftor- wards. " " Nothing would over mako ino believe k'"Ahi that's a woman's way of looking at the matter. You love him ; ergo lie can do no wrong. Even in a moment of lunacy there would be a special providenco to keep him straight. Another man — as good a man —might give way to an irresistible impulse of jealously and linger— the impulse to destrov the creaturo be loved best in the world perhaps. Such things have been. But i no such tiling could happen to your lover." There was an offensive tone in that last | word which passed by Sibyl liko the idle i wind. She had neither thought nor care for : Mr. Urquliart's tones or opinions. She thought of him only as she might have thought of a paiel servant who promised to be useful ill a dire extremity. The road along which they were walking skirted the face of the cliff, and ascended towards the village, which was a little way inland, and 011 liigi ier ground than the coast guard station and lock-up — a long straggling village of pitmen's houses, with an inn at each end and a rustic shop here and there. The houses were better built than most pit men's houses, and the village boasted a workmen's club ami reading-room, and an infirmary, while about half a mile oil', in a rustic lime, backed by the woods which joined Ellerslie, a couple of roomy cottages had been iitted up as a convalescent home, whore the pitmen, and their wives and children wero provided with rest and care after any serious illness or any accident of their trade. , i The lock-up was away from everything except the coastguard, and the constable's cottage close by. It had no doubt been found that with the coastguard on one side and the constable on the other, this village gaol was tolerably secure as a temporary placo of durance. " Tell me what we have to do ? " Sibyl suicl presently. u Wo have to get your friend clear away before davlight. I have been thinking it out since Cve'left him. The ouly thing to bo done is to get him on board a lishing sfftaok which will land him somewhere along the coast, the farther from hero the better. When lie is 011 board her he can change his clothes for a spare suit of the fisher man's, which can bo ready for him, and his own things can be stowed away or thrown overboard. When he sets foot on land again ho must appear as a rough sca-gouig man, whom no one will think of identifying with the missing gentleman from Ellerslie. What you have to do is to got as much ready cash as you can scrape together— a couple of hundred at the least — and bring it to me as soon as you possibly can. I shall wait for you and the money at the Fisherman's Rest —the inn at the other end of the village — not the Higginson Anns, where orou left your maid. And while you are getting the money I shall be making my bargain with the men who are to find the boat, and trying to secure Coxon, the constable." "I have my own account at the Newcastle Bank. My father opened an account for mo on my last birthday. I can write any cheques you want." "Cheques are no use. The men wouldn't look at a cheque — least of all Coxon, whose conscience will have to be bought. You must get me gold or notes." 44 It will be difficult. I could only get them from father." 44 Then you must appeal to your father. This is a matter of life nud death, remember, and we have only three or four hours. When i to-night is gone our chance will be cone." 1 11 1 know, I know. Yes, it must be done. I My father must help me." I They parted on the threshold of the Higginson Arms, commonly spoken of as tho Anns, a house with certain pretensions, and which had been known to accommodate an occasional tourist — a low, stone house, with a parlor that was the pride of the landlady's heart, and whose chief ornament was a monstrous and siouy-looking stalled salmon, against a background of impossible foliage, in a glass case. TIcre, in contemplation of a round table, furnished with a large assort ment of pious literature, sat M iss Higginson's | maid, Fcrriby, yawning dismally. 1 She started up at her mistress's entrance. "Lor, Miss, I thought you was never com- I ing back," said Fcrriby, who had been pro moted from tho village school to attendance on Sir Joseph's daughter. "It's past 11 o'clock," ! "I can't help that, Fcrriby. Wo must make baste home now ; come along." 1 Not a word said Miss Iligginsou to her I maid during her hurried walk through a lane I aud across a field to agate which opeucd into j Ellerslie Park. It was a long and lonely : walk under a darkly threatening sky, and Fcrriby, with the vivid remembrance of last night's horror, felt as if the air were thick with ghosts. They heard the stable clock striking 12 before they came to the side door near Sibyl s rooms, the key of which door was in Forriby's pocket. "It will be daylight at 4," thought Sibyl, "only four hours." She was glad to see the lighted windows of licr fiitluVs riflli-n 11ml in Pnnwt.haf.nit.hnr he or his confidential man was still up. ! "Shall I get you some lemonade and a I biscuit before you go to bed, Miss?" asked ! the maid. 44 You must be dreadfully tired j afterthat long walk." I 44 Nonsense, Fcrriby, you know I think nothing of such a walk. I don't, want any- | thing, and I'm not going to bed just yet. ! But you can go as soon as you like. I shan't i Want you any more to-night." j ; " Not to brush your hair, Miss? I should j like to give your hair a good brushing. It might be a relief to your poor head." " No, no. There is nothing amiss with my head." " Oh, Miss, 1 don't bclicvo thoro can be a head in this house as doesn't ache — after wlmt we all went through last night," and jJcrrihy hurst into tears. " Go, go," said Sibyl imperiously. "l)o yu think tears can do any good ?" " Titey can't briiiglicr back," whimpered Jjorriby, 44 hut they ease an aching 'cart. Bet me take your 'at and scarf, Miss, at leash" "Xo. Haven't I told you to go to bed? Don t worry inc." Fcrriby, upon being thus cruelly snubbed, went sobbing upstairs. She was a year or bo ohler than Sibyl, who had taught her in t|ie Sunday school and whom sho adored, lhis was the lirst time her young mistress ,4 sV,>'tcn so unkindly. can .wonder at it?" murmured .ceiTiby, hotweeu her sobs, 44 we're all of us mnngud." . 1 went to her father's door, and found it locked as it had been curlier iu the evening. Sir Joseph had been in that room alt day, so far as Sibyl knew. There had been no family meeting at dinner. Mr. Urquhart had sat at table alone under the searching eyes of butler and footmen, and had eaten, according to those attendants, about as much of each course as would lie 011 a shilling, and yet lie looked cool enough, and hardly a bit cut up, said the butler. Grief in the servants' hall was more de monstrative, but did nob show itself iu loss of appetite. "Father, I want to speak to you. Pray let me in. It is about something very i urgent." I 8hc heard her father's footsteps across tho room, with a heavier tread than usual. He unlocked the door, and she went in, and father and daughter stood for a few moments looking at each other in tho lamplight. Sir Joseph's eyelids were red una swollen, his swarthy skin was deadly pale, and his whole aspect bore the marks of a complete abandonment to grief. Sibyl put her arms ; round his nock, and kissed him with com passionate love. 1 44 Dear father, I am so sorry for your grief. I know how dearly you loved her." " Not so clearly as I ought to have loved, her, Sibyl. I n\adc her a dependent in my nousc — oniy a numuic ucpcnucijf. m «. bitter thought, Sibyl, now she is gone— gone from us by such a cruel fate. My God, my God !" His hands clutched distractedly at his hair, he sank down into the chair where he had been silting when Sibyl came to the door, and the iron-grey head was bowed over tho table, amongst tho scattered papers which his trembling hands had tossed here unci thory in the vam ju'etence of attending to the day's business. 41 Dear father, you denied her nothing ; she was like my sister. You. can have nothing to regret iu your conduct to her. You were all goodness " 44 You don't know, child. Don't talk to" mc about her. It hurts mp to hear you talk of her. The blow has fallen, and 1 must 1 bear it." | 44 Father, I want you to answer one ques tion. Do you believe that Brandon Mount- ford murdered her?" 44 No, I do not— 110, hi spito of the damn ing evidence against him. No, for a mail of his character aud his lineage, my dear wife s race— such a deed must be impossible. I cannot believe him guilty, though every cir cumstance indicates guilt. No, I believe she was sacrificed to the malignity of some ruffian who had a quarrel against inc." 44 Against you, father. Why, all your men adore you." 44 No, Sibyl. There arc always black sheep. However popular an employer may bo, he is never without enemies. Ir I have been a liberal, easy going master to good servants, I have been as hard as iron in my dealings with bad subjects. I have dealt out even-handed iusticc. I have made examples when they wero needed. I should never have held my own with that rough lot if I had been afraid of letting 'em have it hot when they tried to get the upper hand. It's likely enough -that some vindictive devil struck at me, through her. through my poor, innocent girl. Thank God for one thing, there were no signs of a struggle. The villain's knife took her by surprise. Three swift blows from the savage hand — no struggle, 110 time for terror and agony. Death, sudden death—only death," The large, muscular hands were strained across his eyes, and the stooping shoulders were shaken by the violence of his sobs. 44 My poor girl ; caught like a lamb iu the clutch of a tiger— but it was death, swift und sudden. God was merciful. It might have been worse." Sibyl knelt by his chair, clinging to> him, leaning her head against his arm, trying to comfort him by mute sympathy, a love that needed no words. , When the storm was over he looked down at her kindly, but with a far-off look, as if he hardly realised her identity. 1 44 You wanted something," he said. 44 What was it?" | 44 1 want you to give me some money, father ; a good deal— at least two hundred pounds, ready money. I can give you my cheque for the full amount. I have drawn very little of the five hundred pounds you paid into the bank for 1110 on my birthday; but I must have two hundred pounds to night, iu notes or gold." licr father looked at her wonderingly, but with the look of a- man whose troubled brain is only dimly impressed by any circumstance outside the point upon which all his thoughts are centred. ft 44 1 don't understand what you can want with so much money," he said. 44 Is it for someono in distress?" 44 Yes, for someone in great distress." "Surely to-morrow would be time euough?" 44 No, no ; it must be to-night." 44 How impulsive you are— just liko your poor mother. There is some money 111 that drawer— the drawer with the key in it- sonic notes that were brought me this morn ing. Nearly three hundred pounds ; some of my March rents. Take what you want and go; I am better alone. This muddled head of mine can't st and the strain of talking to anyone — not even to you." He rose ami walked up and down the room, while Sibyl knelt in front of the writing table and opened the money drawer. The notes were of various denominations, and it took her some minutes to' make up the sum she required ; and then she went to her father, kissed him silently, and left him with a murmured good night. She met his faithful secretary coming out of tho billiard room, where there was a solitary lamp burning. 44 You will look after my poor father, won't you, Mr. Orlcbar ? He is in a sad state of mind." 44 Yes, I am waiting for him. I hope I shall get him to bed presently. He was up all last night. It is killing work for a man of his age. I wish you could stay with him, Miss Higginson. N ou might help to per- I suadc him to take some rest." 41 No, 110, he doesn't want me," Sibyl an- I swercd hurriedly, as she went towards the lobby that opened to the garden. Site had not taken off her hat or jacket. Andrew Orlcbar looked after her wonder ingly, as she vanished in the darkness of the corridor. That sho should be leaving her father when her presence might have been useful to him was stnuigo in so affectionate a daughter. .That she should be dressed for walking at that hour of the night was even more surprising. While he stood thinking over her conduct he heard the lobby door : shut, blown to by the wind which was just | beginning to rise. The door had slipped out of Sibyl's hand ' while she was trying to shut it noiselessly. The sky was moonless and starless, and there was a line, drizzling rain falling, scarcely more perceptible than a dew, and it ! was not till she was near the end of her journey that Sibyl knew tho penetrating I capacity of that fine ruin, but by that time her thin cloth jacket was wet through. (To be continued.) 