The Ghost ol Coa-lbsiffffic. What Mr. Jacob Sloin Says. The Body ol' a CUild, with a Whitish EScaid. A Live Spirit Possessed of a Devil. The -!Diibl-o Dispaloli ' publishes tho following : — Tho account rocently published m tho ' Dispalch ' rogarding the peculiar mauif oat ations at the rosidoncio of Mr. Peter Sloin, at tho Coalbaggie, 27 miles from Dubbo, oxcitod very mwdi curi osity and no littlo arguiuont. Tho con mmtiou of tho manifestations^ to tho grout annoyanco of tlio family, iudueed Mr. .'I mc; 1) Stein, tho eldost son, and tho holdor of 25G0 acros, to visit DuLLo on Sunday last, with a viow to obtain such a3sistauco as would onnhlo a solu- j tion of tho mystery. Mr. Stoin eallod^ at tUis office, aud, iu tho prosenco of sovoral -\voll-known gontlomen, trlda most extraordinary talo, bearing out in evory pavtioulnr whnt had hopn pre viously published — showing, in fact, that -what was said was ouly part of what had occurred almost continu ously during tho four yoars tho Sloin family have boon on tho Oonlbaggio ?Ruf'iti iiia nwti wnvfls ivn will lot him tell his talo. What ago are you, Mr. Stein, and how long have you been on tlio Coal baggie ? — I am going on for 29 years, and with my father and tho rest of us I came hero about lour years ago. . My father took up ouh selection on South Balladoran, and I took up the other. They are about three miles ax-art. j When did these annoyances com mence ' rrom ?mo ui st uu.y «u »™- there. Thoro was, I inny tell you, an old hut on the ground when we took it up, and we heard noises there first. Then when the new place was built it commenced in earnest. It chucked candlesticks, furniture, and everything else about. It hammered the tin dishes, and you could see the dents in the dishes afterwards. It started to talk to us 'tlieu, but siuco Father Bolger and Father Moylan were out- it has not talked so much. It was ouiet for some time afterwards. Has it told you what it is, or any of its history ? — Yes, it has often said that its mother and sister were burned to death in the hut. The mother was ironing, and her' dress caught fire. He said an aunt and uncle lived across the creek, and the mother when she 'was dying gave £60 und a gold watch to the nuns, asking her to keep them for her boy and take earo of him. The iiucle, a mail named ? , hit him upon the head with the handle of a stock whip and left him for dead on tho road. Have you ever seen anything, Mr. Sfcein ? — Well, ono night mother and I were sitting in the room, by the fire, and clods were pelted at us, as if by some person in the fireplace. We looked and saw a strange figure. It had the body' of a child, about five years ? old, and a most peculiar face, with a whitish beard on it. I went to catch it and it disappeared. On another occasion, 1 saw soinetmng line a nana coming ovor a box and when I tried to grasp it thora was nothing. When you heard it talking, did tho things move about? — Yea, while it talked outside, as it were, the furniture and other things would be knocked about inside. In fact, in four different places the racket would bo going on. It used to catch the bedsteads and shake them violently, aud while this was taking place a few yards away, tho crockery would be smashed at the same time. On ono occasion, it took up a crucifix which was in the house, broke it to pieces, and flung the bits in our fucos. At another time some blessed c mdles brought from Dubbo were broken into bits beforo us and cast at us. Was any person outside the family in the house at any time when these occurrences were going on ? — Yes, why only the other day it attempted to set fire to tho house in four different places, and it also set fire to my sister's clothes, and did other things, and this can be testified to by Mr. M'Leod, who is uow in Dubbo, and Mr. Dwyer, who with his son was at our place at the time, making arrangements for the purchase from us of 1000 sheep. When did it -appear last? — On Fri day and Saturday last, it was very bad, and it took us all we could do to pre vent it burning down the place. We can smell like fire before we see it, and the house will be on fire in four places at once, and the bedclothes and articles of female apparel also burning. It has been suggested, Mr. Stein, that one of your family is a ventrilo quist, and that accounts for some of the manifestations ? — Whenever I hear this — and I have heard it several times — I get real ' narked.' I wish those who offer this solution had the thing tied round their nocks. Then they would know it was not a ventriloquist. It is, I assure you, a regular torment to us, and it is diiving rny father and mother mad. My opinion is that it is a live spirit, possessed of the devil. Have you seen anything at any other timo that jou have not told us ? — Well, on one occasion, it enme in tho shape of a bear, got up on tho wall of the kitchen, and whon wo went to chase it away it disappeared iu a white smoke. On an othor occasion, a big mouse about a foot long came on tho roof, and it mys teriously moved about. Again it took tho shape of a kangaroo, and another day a wallaby was near tho house, and it would not shift for my sisters. They triod to put tho dogs on it, but the dogs came back with their tails between their logs. My brother aud myself put two kangaroo dogs ou it, and it ran into tho crook and disappeared as if in to the ground. Tho dogs came out on the other side, looking terribly, terri fiod, but there was no wallaby. That night it talked to us, and said it oould iippoiir in any sliapo— that it was tho walk by which wo woro chasing. It said it oould apponr as a lizard or -a snnko, or any shapo it liked. It tola u- it -was no uao bringing out tho priests. It snid it would haunt us and lormont us not only while we woro at I Ooalbaggio, but would follow us about whorovor wo wont, * You say it has talked to you vorv ' frequently ?---Woll, yos, but not so uuoh during tlio last fow months. It tolla in two voioos, and sometimes spoaks sonsibly anough, while at i.tliors it sooms quite mad, and uses laugunffo which could not bo beaten by tho low ost Sydney larrikin. It bids us tho timo of day, and when I kayo remon strated with it for its action, it says it is only having a bit of fun. I onco said to it that thore was not much fua in broaking crockery and gonorally knocking things about, and it told me it could a' I hslp it, for when its mothor ftnu iil* 4'. fit* A ?)» n vrrn ti i-a l» i ti » rm.u — ? . t uuvipnv *l*w *#w ii in) L(t'i\j.i_i£ Duiiiu UrOCICOl'V out, and tho shock was so groat that it droppod it. Since thon its favorito amusoment has been smashing up the crockeiy, It has dono, from first to last, £i00 worth of dnmago, aid you may bo sure if it was ono of oursolvos wo would not waste money like that. Not long since, it wont into tho kitdien and in the preseuco of three or four took down the frying pan, placed it on tho firo, and put six oggs in it. Tho frying pan oouiu. uo Huuii moving ana tno oggs put in it. but the agency which moved it whs invisible). It was no wonder that wo aro scared, whon theso things tnko place. Why, ovon tho dogs know when it is about, you can hear it talldng to them, and they are in mortal dread, their hair standing up and thoir eyes bulging out of thoir heads. It talks in two voices, and sometimes so loudly that it ought to bo hoard a mile away. jjoes it ever sing, ana are tne songs j up to date ?— -Yes it sings, and it seoms ? to know all sorts of songs. Two in : particular it seems to be very fond of— 'The Banks of the Clyde' and 'Tho ? Ship that never rotuine'd.' It sings the last one pretty fair, but it is quito ? horrible to hear it singing ' The Banks of the Clyde '—It is quito sickening. It does not trouble mo at my selection ' so much as it troubles them at my father's place. It somotimes comes and takes my tools when I am at work, and plants them. I find thorn afterwards, however. We are quite full about it. The family will come into Dubbo, and then it can bash away. Do you suspect any neighbours of being concerned? — No, we are on the best of terms with every one, and the nearest neighbour is living nearly three miles away. I have really no con- ' ception of whnt 1he thing ie, beyond that I honestly believe it is a live spirit, possessed by the devil, and haviug the power of making itself invisible. Wliy, the night wo were praying, it lifted up the tablo towards the ceiling, and . there were present myfather and mother and four of my sisters. Not one of tlimn , touched tho table, but it went up j ust tlio ' same. - 