Primitive Methodist Assembly. The Primitive Methodist Annual Assembly commenced its sessions on January 20 in the new church at Forest Lodge, Sydney, when 84 dele- gates answered to their names. The Rev. W. Sparling, the retiring president, opened the session, and after devotional exercises the Rev. J. A. Faggon, of Newcastle, was elected president, Mr. Joseph Geary vice-president, and Rev. E. Crozier secretary. The other officers were also elected, and thanks were presented to the ex- president and to Mr. J. Dixon, the chairman of the Newcastle district. The Rev . W. Sparling then delivered a very practical address, in which he reviewed the past year commercially, socially, and religiously, pointed out the dangers and difficulties of the present, stated the position of the question of' Methodist unity, and urged the special need for the increase of lay preaching in New South Wales. During the morning the station reports were dealt with, and it was announced that that Rev. J. Ashmead had been compelled to retire, on account of ill health, and that the Rev. A. J. Carter had resigned. In the evening the Rer. Geo. James preached the official sermon before a good congregation, taking for his text Acts 1-8, " But ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." On Sunday last the pulpits of the city and suburbs were supplied by members of the assembly, and a camp meeting was held in the afternoon at Forest Lodge, at which Rev. S. Kessell, Mr. J. Gilbert, and Mr. James Blanksby, of Newcastle, took a leading part. The business of the assembly was continued on Mon- day. The result of the ministerial probationers' examinations was very satisfactory. The Revs. S. Kessell, E. W. Pettinger, and J. TV. Horberry having completed their four years' course, were received for ordination. The church reports were continued, and special arrangements made for Kingston and Taralga. The work of the " Chris- tian Endeavor" Societies was considered, and their membership reported to be 440. It was arranged to receive a deputation from the W.C.T.U. at noon on Tuesday. In the evening of Monday a public meeting was held in the Forest Lodge Church at which Rev. T. Parr, M.A., delivered an address on "Is Christianity Fulfilling its Mission ?" Rev. J. W. Holden, of Goulburn, also spoke on " The Sources of Pulpit Papers," and the Rev. J. J. Foggon on "The Dangerous Tendency of Modern Life." The ordination service was arranged for Tuesday evening. The services on Sunday, and the public meetings of the assembly on week evenings were largely attended. The following parishes in the diocese of New- castle met their financial engagements before the meeting of the diocesan council : Gosford, Den- man, Gundy, Lochinvar, St. Marys, "West Mait- land, Merriwa, Murrurundi, Muswellbrook, Paterson, Scone, Stroud, Waratah, and Wol- lombi. It was decided that the accounts should be kept open till the end of February, to receivQ . the arrears from other parishes. 