W m gag of glest. THE WORLD'S DREAM OF HAPPI- • • EIS. Br VKNEBABLE F. W. FAHBAB, D.D., Archdeauon of Westminster. (Preached in Westminster Abbey on Sunday, April 1.) " What man is he that would fain see good days?"—Psaiin xxxiv. 12. Wearied, it may be, by the greatness of the way, some may bu inclined to aak with a sigh, What is the use of all my effoits and of all my struggles? Life, vre kaow, is a warfare in which there is no discharge; bat even if we fight aud light on, aud tight hard, what will be the eud ot u? Will it lead to anything ? Will it make us happy ? My friende, this much I can answer at least, and at once and fearlessly, that, whether it makes us nappy or not, which is au very great matter, a life of moral faithfulness will, at any rate, make us biassed ; it will enable us to use our lives as earth's SAreeteec and noblest have used them : it will give us something batter than anything which the world oan otter; and when we die it will enable us to die in the faith of Christ, not as the fool dieth, but with a hope. I said just now that it we were not happy it was no great matter, but does not the poet fay, "O, happiness, our being o end and aim 1" la it not happiness that we are all of us more or less striving after now, and hoping to attain ia some far-off hereafter? 1 do not know. As regards the attainment of happiness here, I suspect that before they reach middle age most men and women are a good deal disillusioned. But I 6uppose that All men do hope somehow to gain something more or less corresponding to their conception of bapuice-ss in tbe world to come. We are taught to hope that there, for the saints of tiod, at any rate, sorrow and sighing shall flee away, and God shall wipe away tears from oS all faces ; but we slip with dangerous conventionality and faoility into the assumption that we are, or, at any rate, that we some day shall be, saints of God, however amazingly uniike them we may be at this moment. How is it that we talk as if happiness, as if what we call bearcin, will at once, as a matter of course, be given us the moment we pass away from earth? Why is it that so many, when their friendsdie, almost without any relation to the life they have lived, say that they have eone to heaven ? fcLtvo we so tclorified God here as to make it acurtaiaity that are shall enjoy heaven for ever in thebeaven hereafter? is theresucban immense merit in being burn ? Is there such a consummate virtue in dying—a thing which the worst fool has to do no less than the greatest hero—that because of these two merits we are to have wings and crowns and harps, and an infinite azure to live in flooded with the glory 3t God's smile ? Because a man has not very grossly cheated hie customers or quite aotionably slandered his neighbours, is he therefore at once to have as his right the morning star? Dismiss that thought as a silly and senseless dream! Whatever else it be, heaven is no mere oelestial symphony. Not only some golden city in the tar-off blue, it is also, and far more than these, a condition and not a place —a temple of love, of humility, of self-sacrifice, of noltness. Yes, there is a heaven—a heaven where eye hath not seen nor ear heard, nor huth >t entered into the heart of man to conceive the things which God hath prepared for them that love Him. What reason have we to assume that we shall go there? Is to shine in society, to make money, to bite and devour neighbours, to indulge in the cant, tbo faction, tbe unfairness, the malice of political, and, btill woKu, of religious parties, to shout down every unpopular name, to buy in the cheapest market and sell in the dearest, to look with practical indifference on the wrongs acid sufferings which seethe around us, is all that so meritorious as to be rewarded at once with the hidden manna and tbe fruits of the Tree of Life? If we look for heaven we mast endeavour to be htsiivenly; if wo want to die the death of the righteous wo must live his life, we must have something of his aims and of his character, if our last end is to be like his. And meanwhile it would be an idle falsehood to make believe that most men are aiming at this beavenliness of temp-r here and now. Ir they want to go to heaven, it is with the delights and gains of earth. They want to serve two masters—God aud Mammon. They want a heavi-u where they may take with them their pride and ostentutiou, their comfort and sensuality, their secular envy and ambition, their religious oialioe and conceit; or they do not look heavenwards at all, they are content with earth ; occupied with the n'-ar, they do not trouble their thoughte about the far. Yet they are, I suppose, trying to bn in some sort happy. TOIL FOB THE IN'ACCKSSIBLE. Look round us in this world ! Why is it that we see men cu all sides wearyit.g themselves io the very fire to obtain this or thuc? It can only be because they imagine that those things will make them happy. But will they? Not so ! Most m^a are certainly giving their fruit unto the caterpillar and their labour unto the grasshopper; they are hewing fo themselves cisterns—broken cisterns that will hold no water; they are giving their money for that which is not bread, and their labour for that which satisfieth not. And the marvellously sad thing is that men never seem to utilize the amassed experienoe ot so many ages of the world—tbe boy, the youth, the man is eager to run the raoe his fathers ran, however vain and wretched that raoe may have been. Satan knows our weakness so well, and so utterly despises his victims, that he spreads the snare quite openly in tbe sight of the silly bird. He dangles the gilded bait before us, and hardly takes the trouble to conceal the lacerating hook in it. Year after year, in generation after generation, he impudently whispers the everlasting lie which oost us Paradise, and hardly conceals from us, even at the moment, that it is anything but a lie. And yet he knows that, betrayed by the Borcery of inward passion, youth after youth, and man after man, and woman after woman, will listen to tbe envenomed whisper, " Yea, hath God said, and ye shall be as gods, and ye shall not die,' and will pretend to believe, or persuade themselves that they believe, that it is not a lie. And that though the victims of it lie slain on every side, lie in the grave like sheep, death feeding upon them suddenly in the morning, and their beauty consuming in the sepulchre out of tbeir dwelling. One hardly knows, therefore, whether it is of any use at all to point out onoe more that we fatally seek our happiness in wrong directions here, and that thereby we are deliberately flinging away tbe appointed means for gaining it hereafter. I see no hope whatever for this state of things in the world and in the Church except in the orosB of Christ. And to me that cross of Christ does not mean a message of all but universal damnation; it mean*, on the contrary, a lesson that the boundless mercy of God transends illimitably the creeping littleness of man, and that mercy triumphs over justice. If there be no broad hope for the present state of things somewhere in the depth, and breadth, and lengtb, and height of the unsearchable riches of Christ's Gospel, then I see it nowhere at all. For, in truth, unless most of us become very far different from what we are, it is a blaspheming madness to talk as though suoh as we were worthy, through any merits of ours, to walk hereafter in the sight of God's countenance, or to join with the white angels in the unimaginable song. And so, in my point of view, tbe question of this life's hap- pinesB is closely intertwined with that of the world to come. And if here below we have persistently sought our happiness in things which are the abhorrence of heaven, I am sure that there must be some fires—fires of mercy—in whioh all this must be purged out of us, before heav,en can ever open to as its golden gates. Many men, perhaps the least ignoble, are caught by ambition and the passions which cluster round it. To be ambitious does not require a great man. There are small ambitions as well as large ; a olerk or labourer may be as ambitious in his sphere as a statesman or a great writer in bis. To get on, to suooeed, to outshine so-and-so, to win this or that inohhitrh promotion, to be somebody, to jostle oneself forward in the miserable press, to have the first plaoe, not the seoond, or, at any rate, the millionth place, not merely tbe millionth and first. Men desire this so muoh, they struggle for it so hard, that they must fanoy there is some happiness in it. If they did not they would with muoh greater wicdom stand either humbly or disdainfully aside, and see others elbowing, puffing, and pushing, and scheming themselves into procedmoe, bnt it is alia delusion. I say nothing of the meannesses to which men often submit in the struggle, nothing of the jealousies with which the straggle may be tormented, nothing of the faot that fame even is half disfame, and means many a wound fram the sick, weak beast of envy. I say nothing of the inevitable disappointments, of siokness or bereavement, nr the transiency or disenchantment of fruition; I say nothing of the cup of success dashed away by death, or by change at the very moment that our lips seem to touoh it. I say that at ' the very best, under the very best circumstances, the thing gained in the farm of earthly success can never give ns any real, or deep, or lasting satisfaction " VANITY OF VANITIES !" " Vanity of vanities 1 — all is vanity 1" Write that epitaph broad and large over all thecataoombs and cemeteries and mausoleums of the world ; for so in one phrase or other not only did Solomon say it. but Vespasian as he rode in triumph, tbe Emperor of Rome, and Gelim9r, Kin? of the Vandals, as he walked in chains before the ohariot of Belisarius, and Napoleon on tbe very day of his coronation, and the Duke of Wellington as he rode amid the hatred of the multitude through the streets of London, and so says the drunken pauper on his deathbed in the filthy room. A Hharp boy of humble degree, the son of a Reading draper named William Laud rises to be Prime Minister and Archbishop of Canterbury in on?, the all bnt absolute authority in Church and State. The greatest living nobleman of the day, the Earl of Strafford, wrote to congratulate him and wish him many happy days. What was his answer, on tbe very day that he had reached the summit of his ambition? "My lord," he wrote, "I thank you heartily for your kind wishes to me that God would send me many and many happy days where I am now to be ; but truly, my lord, I look for neither—not for many, for I am in years and have had a troublesome life, not for happy, for I have no hope to do the good I desire. And, in trith, my lord—I speak seriously—I have had a heaviness hanging over me ever since I was nominated to this place, and 1 can give myself no account of it." " Vanity of vanities !" So ends one of the most famcus novels of modern times. " Whioh of as has what he desires, or, having it, is satisfied ?" " Vanity of vanities ! all is vanity !" Write it on the king's ma^oleum ! Write it on the pauper's grave ! But perhaps you belong, aud probably you may do, to the larger number of those sensible and practioal persons who, not oaring muoh for rank or fame, want money and what money brings. That yellow dross is at least manifest, tangible, appreciable, the heavy purse, the earnings in the till, the large balanoe at your banker's, the multiplying investments, the lucky speculations about which perbap* you have not been too particular how solid thav are. How tbe world bends to the moneyed man ! Yet if the love of money were not a disease, if it were not the root of all kinds of evil, if it were not diffioult for a rich man to be humble and heavenly, would Christ have said that it is eaeier for a oamel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter into tbe Kingdom of God ? Would Christ bave drawn His two companion pictures, which should hang side by side in the gallery of every rich man's heart—tbe picture of Dives and Lazarus, and the picture of the rich fool? If there be no danger in greed and Mammon-worship, wbiph observation may discern in the heart of the poor quite as much as of the rich, would St. Paul have baid, " They who will be rioa fall into temptation and a snare, and to many foolish and hurtful lusts which drown them in destruction and perdition V' There is only one kind of wealth which adds, or can add, to true happiness, that is the wealth far less plentiful than gold, it is the treasure laid up, not on earth, but in Heaven ; it is the ure 1th planned in works of merciful forethought; it is the wealth which is increased by the limitation of vain desires. THE HAPPINESS IN FLEASCEK. And, lastly, are there none of you young men and young women who fancy that happiness; may be found lu a thing whioh you call pleasure? Rank, power, fame—these are the dazzling meteors of the few. Money, Mammon, that is the coarse, yellow idol of the many. Tbe will-of- the-wisp which gleams before you who love pleasure is far the deadliest, and far the most delusive ; it is tbe baleful light born of miasma, and flickering over the marshes where no foot can tread. Pleasure sometimes in the form of gaiety, amusement, idleness, frivolity, fondness for dress, fondness for admiration — in the young woman the vanity, the mincing folly, the soft weakness; in tbe young man tbe shirking of pam. the shirking of duty, tbe absorbing and guilty selfishness, the vain love of excitement; in both tbe giddy trifling and coquetting, and idle talking and jesting on the very verge of the precipice of sin ; and when these bave brought forth thnir natural fruit of guilt and folly, oh, tbe fall of that shudoermg preoipioe! oh, the ghaetliness of that inexorable satiety ! Of all modes of seeking happiness this confusion of i; with brief and hitter pleasure, followed by shame, is the most fatal —fatal to others, fatal with inevitable retribution. Curses await, hungry-eyed, around the p»th of those who lay waste the inner sanctities of thnir baine—the shame, the sin, tbe wron£ of it. Tell me, all you who have tasted these fruits of the Dead Sea Plain, whether they have not left dust and ashes in their t&ete;? What voices of the dead shall I evoke to describe this vanity of sore disease? Shall it be the mould of fashion and the glass of farm who said. " I have enjoyed all the pleasures of the world, and consequently know their futility. I by no means desire to repeat the nauseous doae for the sake of the fugitive dream ?" Or shall it be this, the splendidly gifted, noble poet, whoao the a?e of thirty-three wrote— My days are in the yellow leaf, The fl •war-, 'he fruit of lifs are pone. The w:>rui, the canker, and the grief Are miuu ilono? Or shall it be his who in the last eight yetra of his life of lingering agony wrote: — "I am only n poor, death-sick Jew, an emaciated image oi trouble, au unhappy man !" Ah ! I need evoke no witnesses from the tomb—the streets of Lundon with their thousands of living ghosts are far more terrible; men and women, or what once were men nnd women, not spirits without bodies, but bodies which are bodies only, aud have quenched all the spirit in them bv sin aud shame; the streets of Loudon, where men and women pa-s, as they passed of old, through fires more awful than those in the valley of the children of Hinnom. Is there no witness in their horrid voices ! Is there no warning in the waving of theirwa>ted bands! Enough! There is,and there cau be, no happiness in these things where men seek them—in ambition, money, pleasure, wherein all bat the fewest seek them. They give no happiness here, they lead in the path whioh is the opposite to all happiness hereafter. Most forms of human sin and error spring from man's vain searoh for living happiness among such dead things as these. Again and again I say they are vanity, not, alas! the mere vacuum of emptiness, but also the plenum of misery and ruin ; not waterless clouds, but clouds whioh rain blasting and mildew;not empty cisterns, but cisterns full of poison and bitterness. If we want happiness at all we must seek it otherwise and otherwhere. But if you aik me how is that otherwise and where is tbat otherwhere where we must seek happiness, my text tells you, " Who is he that desireth to live and would fain see good days? Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking guile. Depart) from evil, and do good, seek peace, and pursue it." And there is One who will tall yon better still than David — One not riob, but homeless, not honoured, but hated by the world and by the Church, and afflioted and despised, not seeking His own pleasure, but only doing His Father's will. The world says, " Blessed are the rich ! Blessed are the comfortable ! Blessed are they that get on! Blessed are the men who enjoy life and plea-e themselves, and look down on others !" Tbat is the world's road to happiness. Chnst's is tbe opposite. He. the Son of God, in His peasant's garb, under the open heaven, sat on the green hillside, and as the countless multitudes hung upon His oarted lips, He ooened His mouth and taught them, saying. Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven Blessed are they that uiourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inheret the earth. Blessed are they that hang«r and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be fillei. Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain meroy. Bleoned are the pure in heart, for they shall see God." 