AN OLD MAID'S STORY. " Is Jim coming for you to-day, my dear?" asked Miss Talbot of her pretty niece, Maud, who was enjoying an afternoon cup of tea in the lowest chair she could find in her aunt's cosy little drawing-room. She was the only daughter of Miss Talbot's favorite brother, and had been conscientiously spoiled by both father and aunt, whose considerable means enabled them to indulge most of her whims, on the plea that she inherited her dead mother's delicacy of constitution and must not be worried. The latest of these whims had "been to engage herself at eighteen to a good-looking young barrister, who like many of his fellows, had not yet had an opportunity of giving his eloquence to the •world. He was not what would be called a good " parti," but he was a gentlemanly, pleasant fellow, genuinely in love with Maud, who, under all her fanciful, spoiled childishness, had a warm loving heart,-that had really given itself into Jim Burgoyns's keeping." Therefore, it was with no small surprise that Miss Talbot heard the answer to her question, spoken in an aggrieved tone— " No I I told nurse to send the carriage for me at gix. I hope that it is not too late for you ? Jim is otherwise engaged." " Otherwise engaged!" echoed Miss Talbot, in amazement. " Why, Maudie, what do you mean V "Just what I say, Aunt Joan! Jim seems to find other things quite as amusing as looking after me, so naturally I don't trouble more than I can help," and the speaker put down her cap, and clasping her hands round her knee looked resentfully at the fire. " And prav, when did this state of things begin ?" asked Miss Talbot, resuming her interrupted knitting, a smile •brightening her kind, grey eyes. " Oh, you need not laugh, Aunt Joan," answered Maud, solemnly; " it is very serious. I am excessively angry with Jim, end it will be some time before I can forgive him, and—and he does not care a bit!" There was a little catch in her voice that made her aunt look at her sharply, and find that the eyes staring at the fire were full of tears. The still handsome, stately woman rose, and drawing a chair beside her niec°, put her hand upon her shoulder, eavirg: — u Child! what foolish tiff is this t What lias Jim done to offend you ?" Maud hesitated a moment, then her indignation found vent. «I will jnst tell you the whole thing," ehe cried, "and you will see if yoa think lie has behaved welL It all < began at that ball we went to last Monday week. I had yroawd tow gonw offoefiret waltzw ud refused other partners, and he never came till more than an hour after we got there. Then, instead of apologising, he merely said he had been unexpectedly detained by a friend whom he had not seen for some time, and hoped I would give him other dances to make up. I said I could not, and told him I was not pleased, and danced with other people all night. He camly went and amused himself as it nothing had happened, and danced three times with Mary Lovell! I would not go in to supper with him, and made father com9 home early. Jim came down to the door with us, and asked me to look kindly athimbefore I said good- night, but I was muchtoo angry, and never looked at him at all. The.next morning he came, and actually laughed at my reproaches when I was quite inclined to make friends wnh him, and did not see why I complained. The result was that I-got angry again, told him that if he did not care for keeping his appointments with me he had better not make any, and would not listen to any excuses on his part, but left him and went upstairs. I had a note from him in the evening, asking me to see him and make friends with him before he went off the next day, but I thought it would be a very good lesson for him to wait till he came back, and I wrote and said that I was jaged, and that"—with a little sigh— " was nearly a week ago." " Where was he going ?" asked Miss Talbot. " He had been engagad to some friends for shooting a long time ago. He will be away a fortnight." There was rather a melancholy tone in Maud's voice in spite of her jnst indignation. " And so, for a senseless bit of pride, you let this mm, whom you kaow very well loves you wi'h all his heart, go off without so much as a kind word. Child, child, y JU are playing with edged tools; take care lest you wound yourself. It is dangerous work." Mies Talbot's voice had a sad ring in it that made her hearer look at her in surprise, but she went on without noticing her, gazing at the glowing coals as if reading her words there. "Your Billy little tale brings back to me a time that is long past and gone ; a time when the blood ran fast in my veins, and my face was fair and smooth like yours, though I suppose you think I must always have been forty years old. Did no one tell you Aunt Joan's story? Did you ever wonder why she never married. Ah, well, I daresay not. Youth has little thought beyond itself. But for your sake, and to keep you off the rocks on which my life was wrecked, I will take out my old sorrow and wake the ghosts of the dead past." She paused, and Maud, a little awestruck by this strange news Aunt Joan so unexpectedly revealed to her, drew her low chair close, and put her hand upon her knee. Miss Talbot took it lovingly in hers, and went on in the same slow, sad, remembering sort of voice. " Ic all happened when I was 19, just 20 years ago. Your grandfather had' a placa then, a little way out of Plymouth, near the sea. I had become engaged in the spring to Bryan Carteret. It is many a year since his name has passed my lips, and yet I see him as plainly now as that first time we met. It was at the Regimental ball at Plymouth. How bright and brave he looked in his scarlet and gold, with his sunny eyes and sweet smile. My heart beats faster now when I think of that night. We were to be married in the autumn, and in June he came to stay a few weeks. We have no summers now like that. The days passed like a dream of joy and tun shine by the sparkling sea that I loved so well, and that was to bring my life's happiness to an end. " The night before Bryan left us we were all going to a ball at a neighboring country house. The next day he was to join some friends who were on a yachting cruise round the south ooast, and who were to put into Plymouth to pick bim up. I was in a teasing flighty mood, delighted to try and make Bryan jealous, and pretend I did not mind the prospect of losing him for some tinw. How trivial it all seems now, looking back. At this ball we met a certain Mr. Hargraves, a man who had paid me a considerable amount of attention, and who waB Bryan's special aversion. Some evil spirit prompted me to flirt with him, and to dance with him oftener than was necessary. So often that Bryan, who was the least exacting of lovers, spoke to me about it towards the end of the evening, and asked me not to dance with him again as I was making myself a little conspicuous ; I remember the veiy words. We were in the conservatory. "'It is not that I mind for myself, sweetheart, (bough I would rathe* y<m would give me more of yourself this last evening we shall spend together, but I don't like people to be able to make any remarks about you. You can quite well stay here with me a bit and say you forgot bis other dance; such things are allowed in your case.' _ . " There was such a loving smile in his blue eyes, as he bent over me ! And I, fool that I was, said no, that I was not in the habit of pretending to forget an engagement, that I really could not allow him to be overbearing already, and that I would be glad if he would take me back to my place. Then his dear face grew very grave, and he said, ' Are you serious, Joan ? Don't you think it is pushing your play a little too far 1 Surely you might be satisfied with having shown the world that you can be quite happy with others besides myself, without giving me the pain of this refusal of my first request—the first I have ever made to you! We shall have no other time together either. Have you forgotten that I shall leave too early to see you to-morrow 1 That the next will be the last dance ? Give it to me.' " For a moment I wavered and nearly gave io, as in my heart of hearts I longed to do, and then I remembered Mr. Hargraves' words as he asked for his last dance. * May I have the last ? That is, if you are allowed !' and my own scornfnl answer: ' I have no one's leave to ask,' and my consent carried the day and I refused Bryan's prayer. He said no more, for he was too proud, but took me back to my seat, and no more passed between us, but he did not seek to detain me a moment ia the hall, when he reached home, for a last good-night, as he so often did, but bade me farewell with the rest, saying Good-night, and good-bye, I shall be gone to-morrow before you are down.' " This was more than I had intended. I thought he would have tried to make friends before he went, but my pride would not let me make any advances. I did look back at the turn of the staircase, but he had gone down the hall with my father, and his back was turned to me. The n^xt day he sailed with his friends"—here Aunt Joan paused, and the band holding Maud tightened its clasp as she added in a low, broken voice: " And he never came back! My God ! the horror and the desolation of it! I thought I should have died, yet I am alive, and twenty slow years have gone by since then ! There was no storm. He was bathing as they lay near the shore four days after, and was seized with cramp; they could not get to bim in time! My dear, dear love !" and the tears ran down Aunt Joan's cheeks, and fell upon Maud's upturned face, with its eyes all moist for sympathy. But only for a moment, Miss Talbot pulled herself together with si sigh. "So you never knew your old aunt's story ? You see how hard it is still for me to speak of it, but when I see you whom I love so dearly, running into possible danger, I feel that, if it stops you in time, mv suffering has not been quite useless. What do yon Bay, John 1 The carriage for Miss Maud ? Is it so late ? There, run away child, and don't make your eyes red over my ghost story. But write to Jim tonight and tell '.him to come back to yon soon." Maud could not quite trust herself to speak, but she nodded vigorously as she kissed her aunt, and framed many good resolutions on her way downstairs. And Aunt Joan went back to her arm-chair and sat there a long time in commune with the ghoBts she had herself called up out of their graves. Indlarubber finger stalls of thin material are now used by many photographers on the Continent and at home to protect the fingers from the injurious action of chemicals, especially mato!, cyanide of potassium, and bichromate of potash. Ia Belgium almost the entire population Is B iman Catholic, and there are over 1500 convents, with nearly 25,000 inmates. Protestantism is tolerated, and even salaried by the S ate, but cannot count more than 15,000 adherents. 