itmiiTiNK -rr«irr The Gorman professor, whon ho hnd fin ished our lisson, and was waiting for tlio thunder shower to pass— for, though lie had brought his big blue umbrella, lio did not caietoface the flashes of 'Wl'tnlip- -pud.lonlv turned to us, aud said : ' It was exactly a-i'b (10 -joonine ns this I saw Leopold — ' We looked up nt him and waited. We knew he was about lo tell us a story ; lie al. ways began in this w\v, without preface, ' In my native village,' ho said, ' people believe that whoever will go alone to the cathedral on a certain midnight in summer, which we call ' Meetin; Night,' an.', with his own blood, anil a quill from n bird's wing, write thu name of a dead friend in the form of a cross at the foot of the altar, may see that friend and speak to him. People be lieve this, but very few ever try tlic 'kjk-11. When it eomes to the point, ghosts ecarci'ly prove satisfactory ; and writiuir in one's own I blood is rather as'.loain proceeding, especially j in an empty church at midnight. ; ' One man who had lost his sweetheart i did it. They said ho saw her, but lie liled to ' death from llie wound he gave himself to art the blood, having accidentally severed an artery. - ' When I left the town, the custom spoken of as amongst the ihings of tho past. 1 left in haste. 1 had ha fa q-iarrel with my cousin I;.'t i|Kj !il The quarrel was about a lady 1 loved. 1'riti Wa-jner told me * one thing that made me furious and 1 challenged : Leopold on the spot. We met ill the great open clearin-.' in tho heart of the pine woods often Used before for the same purpose. It was dawn — thu pink dawn of summer. I can see him now, stand ing, handsome and tall, in the sweet light, his coat off, his sword in his hand. Ho looked at me reproachfully, but not angrily. I was furious, 'l'ue word was given. I did my best to wound hiui. He merely defended himself. Then he lay 011 the ground at ray feet, and ray seeoud huriied me away, put on my coat, nnd dragged me to where a car riago awaited mo. ' 1 Go 1' he aaid. ' The quicker tho better! You have killed your cousin Leopold. This place will not be safe for you. ' Tho coachman drove furiously. As for mo, I was in a sort of dream. 1 liad I killed Leopold whom I loved so/' I asked myself. Then I replied : 'He deserved it. lie de served it. I did well.' ' The next day I loft Germany. 1 onmo to Australia. 1 established myself here. Oua dav. in the midst of the Croat in PV lius Street, I met Kritz Wagner. He looked like a ghost — gray, hollow- chceked— scarcely more than a skeleton. ' 1 Vou seo it,' ho said, as I glanced at him; 'I am dying. This is my 'address, l-o not come until I send for you ; but when I do, como at once. Swear it.' ' 1 My friend,' 1 said, ' let mo come before that. Let me help you if I can.' ' 1 No,' he said, ' no ; ' and turned away. ' Three months afterwards a mcsjengw came to me at midnight, and said : ' 1 Fritz Wagner has sent for yon.' 'I found him dying, but he had strength to speak. ? ' ' Frederick,' be said, * I have a confession to mako. I lied about 'l'hcrese. I wos in lovo with hor. When I said I saw her kiss Leopold and all the i-esti it was true enough ; but tho Leopold was her 'Bister's little babv, named after your cousin. You understood that I meant tho man. I took tnv oath to tno unto ot my statement. For that, I am suffering the torments of tho lost.' ' With theso terrible words on hia' li na. ho died. '? And now remoreo seized mo. I suffered agonies when I remembered my true lovo, Thereso, and my dear couBin, Leopold. 1 could not.rest. I knew nothing of tiie fate of my friends in Germany, but I resolved at last to return and seo Thereae,' who, if she lived, was forty years pld, and beg her for giveuess, and to give myself up to the authori ties as ray cousin's murderer. This, I fancied, would bo an expia':on. - ? ' ' I bade adieu, as.I believed, to Australia forever, and sailed in tho next steamer for my native home. 'I travelled many miles over land to reach the village after leaving the oceau. At last I renched it late on the nightof astormy summer day. I walked from the Btation to tho hotel, and on my way the lightniug flashed through the heavens, I passed a tree riven' from top to root by a recent stroke, 'and saw at my feet a littlo dead bird, killed whon the groat pino was smitten. - . -. ' I stopped and laid it asido on the m' -s. As I did so a feather loll from its broken wing, nnd on the instant if occurred to mo that this very night was tho mystic Meeting ' Night, an'' 'it it was with the quijl of a ''d vrote the namb of the spirit ono i -cot at the altar's foot. , I had little tu,-. -^suporstitionj'butl was in a strange mow . . . 1 boyond sbono tho win dows of tho catheoiul, open day or night to any worshipper, v?'I seized tho little quill, I turned my stops toward tho sacrcd'edliico. It was empty. I entered. 1 Tho lights burn palely, few and far between. ? I pasiod up tho aisle, and kneeling, took a knife from ivy pockot and cut my. finger slightly ; then, having puiuteil tho littlo quill, 1 dipped it in mv bluod and wrote tho namo of Leopold. The thunder rolled overhead as I did ho. Tho colors of tho |pnintcd .-windows grew brilliant as the lightning flashed, ami then again wore dim nnd dusky.^.Sudduuly I heard a voice breathe my name — 1 Frederick 1' It came from above. I looked up: In tho gallery stood a figure all in black, save for a white b:.nd upon its fore head. ? It had tho face of . leieie, but paler, thinner. Its whito bar-' were hers. It stretched them out toivar.'.' no, ai ia greet ing. It waved thorn in farewell. It was gone. v ? ' A spirit had appeared to rac— Thereso's spirit. Then she, too, was dead. Still on my, knees, powerless to move, I awaited tho mysteries of this strange night. Again I was accorded a vision. Leopold stood there -a sad, .gray Leopold— but I know him. I uttered bis name. ? Ho answered : , Is it Frederick?' Ghost of my friend,' I replied, 'I have returned to make expiation. Fritz Wagner lied to ©c, and so I left mjr lore, and niur- 1 dercd you. I havo discovered tho truth.' I return to giro myself to justice. You ub&U; bo avenged, dear spirit. Vtny for ty 9 in heaven, an4 (oiJjrivB mp,' ? j I ' the 8pmt'~ndv'Anood. Ifc smlicd. It] icised me by the Imndi with a wdrm, living | ClftSD. ..... ? ..vt.-.--, j . forgive yea/ he said. 'Gqdknovral I have forgivafi ; but ab yot I only hopo for i heaven. X am tfo ghost, FfedMck, Vou did I not kill nje. I rccavorcd ifi a little while/* A jealous man is niftd rnau. I know that. I never ceaaed to lovo you.' * . * ! ' He opened biian«. IfeUifltotibom, embraced. ^ ? ? ,.:l « 'But Thereae 1 V said. » bMtaly, ifc waB her spirit that! sa.V».* ... u 1 saw it r.Vo.' Ifo answered- 1 Tccreso is ' . dead to tho \v*rVI, She is a nun in the coa» j vent cIobo at i rri ?. After you hatt been-, ! gone five yeah'. 1 asked her to marry mo; but she couti but once. When her mother di«d I'hfe t. ok tho roll. On this ah.' niveisary tha nun? come to the cathedral V- keen vigil. TLij 19 tlio night I alsocojne. And Thcrese lo-^r.down on me and smUej. Thid ahe esteoms a sin, and expiates with penance; but 1 live on it tbe rear through. To night ahe saw cnty you. She forgot me. Ah, I'Yedoriok, what folly you committed In leaving horl* 'I bowed my head in contrition, and just . at that moment ttere arose from the dark gallery the soft, aweet souul of women's voices, singing without any accompaniment. I 'Together, standing hand in hand, we listened. Then, nrm in arm, we left the . cathedral. M 1 returned fo Australia soon afterward/ Leopold remained behind. Rvcry year hu 'fines to the cathedral nt twelve 011' Meeting Nitfht— every year until the last ho wrote* ° | { I have seen her. With heik eyes aho sent ' an angel'.* love to you.' k . ?' Uut last year this is what he wroto' ? n 'Sho ia di.ad. I boli(?vc that sin will be Sours in heaven; not mine. Uut I shall love cr through otermty,' Shrewd Mrs Pauucklo.— ' I- didn't al ways plough the ffti-th for n living,' Raul Farmer I'cmickh*. u 1 wns once a wiiji; mci chanVs clovk in M 'ihoiirne. I married youni.', ' and my wife, who in ruing there now, with | the reputation of hem'/ ns good a farmer'3 j wife as th'rc is in the country, made just as [ good a mute for a hapl-np cl.jrk t'jen. ? Like 1 many youn;/ coiiplira we had [niri-'iaHcd furni* turo in instalments, and we wor'i noi ablo to pay all the aiuus as tii-*y fell due. Jivery thing seemed to be p.inu' asiiinot tw, arid our liltlu «*irl waasiek. When I »:nme home curly one Saturday nfternoon an 1 found ^eraj»*e hanging to inv dnor hell. My heart was in my mouth aud tears choked me tu I met ray wife. w * So dear littlo Minnie is gone I ' I aaid, ,M Minnie gonel'aaid my wife. . 'Oh,' no. Hut the bvu^ei-'H man will l»e round in a minute tn seize tno f»r:ntmv, and I thought possibly the crape mij/ht eheek' him.'v.--. 1 'It checkdl him. lie halted his waggon a dozen yards away, us'ked on tip.too to'tbe door, examinctl the crape, and went softly away, afraid, :.ppnnntly, that somc'one miudit hear hini. Mimrfe recovered, and a few d.ivs mtinvards* I scraped up enough money to pay the bdl, but I haven t bought auvtlitngun instalmenU'since.' t ? | Fortune in tho Tcacup-— Here are a ? few ?* i.fd women's sdjrns ' f.»r yon, ni'ls : : 1 1 j eimrle persons iiappon to havij tvvo spoons in j their cap, it is a sign that they will figure'; prominently at a wedding before the year is out; .If you put milk or cream in your tea hnforcthcsugar.it will 'cross your love.'' IP a tea-stalk Moat* in the cup, it is called 'a bean.' tTnmnrried ladies, when this happens, should stir their ten r:-nnd briskly, and then plant the spoon uprightly in the cup, holding it quite still with the linyora. If the ^bfau' In its gyrations is attracted to the spoon, and clings to it, the ''boau1' will be certain t*'» come that evening. If the sides of the cup attract the.' beau ' will not come. Wcma} observe that it depends upon the state of the ! atmo^phure whether the tea»stalk is attracted | to t»ie middle or the sides of the cup. It* ii a sign of fair weather if the cluster of small* air bubbles, which usually arise after the: sugar ha* bmm put in, collcct themselves and remain in the centrc of the cup. The con. : trnry when they straggle to the aides—it will' certainly raiu in a few hours, v \ s w* i It is a pleasant thought, indeed, for tho puor man to know that gold is uyen now still growing. Mr. Brough Smyth has shown that it can bo deposited nowadays' in 'ap pre- j ciable quantities within comparatively short j periods. Hit? of mineralized ' timber and I beams from tho galleries of tho older, work- ' ing- in Australian mines have been found to ' exhibit, ^under the microseopc, particles of; gold intermixed with crystals of iron pyrites i all through tho central parts of the wood ; and this gold must, of courso, have gathered thoro from solution in water during tlio few years that have elapse.' sinco the ilrat dia- ' covory of tho precious metal in Australia. ? Moltke and Blsmavk — A young .iady, says Dus Deutsche TaglibUUt, having 'risked j Sloltkc and Uismarck to favor her with a I few words in her album, tho former wroto : Lies pass away, truth lives for ayo. ^ ' To which tho Chancellor wrote : j In yonder world, full woll I know : Truth will at last the victory gain : j liut 'gainst tho lies told here bsltfw , A Marshal e'en will fight in vain. J Two ? French ballopn expeditions are coutcinplntod— by distinct ballooniSts. Otfe merely lo cross the whole of Franco frSrii West to East: the roverse direction'is objec tionable, as it might land tho balloon jin hostile Germany. ? Thp' other enterprisers from Franco to the United States. , This balloonist thinks.Uo can do the distanbain throe days and nights. ? The' Hawaiian ' army '* consists of one 'Generalissimo, flvo Ci 'onels', five Ifijora, ono . Adjutant-General, ouo Quartermo6(tr Goneral, one Intelligence Officer, !bne* ea|i. neer, one' aide.do-camp, one adjutant, Yona captain, two. lieutenants, eight sorgeMta. sixteen corporals, one baudmaster, twsnty.' four, bandsmen, and sixty privates, t j-v, An English postman at Whifby, n^ned 1 Peacival, ua? just completed % his :iojtioth year of service. He has sqrved ,uutier fauri teen Postmaster-Generals,'- ?! watk'o'd - iWfln thousand miles iu the , diseiiiirgo '.of'.; his' duties, r.ud delivored five' millions of lefi' tors. , . , xi 'Wrgo hammer bas bean iavented ,in Englt. : which is drivancy 'gaa ISsVeadfil ?team. 