THE MAN WITH THE STRAW HAT. A TRUE STORY. (COPYRIGHT.) BY EDMUND DOWNEY. V Author of "A House of Tears," "Anchor • • Watch Yarns," See. " Mamma, dear, why do you let that horridj tiiftn come into our room at night ?" \- "What man, darling ?" I asked, scarcely lieed- •ing my child's question. • " The man with the straw hat, who stauds S$!|jcfore your dressing-table and does something £ v . to his neck." ' I put down the book I was reading in my vbedroom and went over to my child's cot. " Go to sleep, Teddie, dear," I murmured, '•catching his outstretched hand and chafing it. '-" You have been dreaming, my pet." " Oh, no, mamma, dear," said the boy, rising t up to a sitting posture in his cot, " l am not •g" dreaming. I have not beeu to sleep yet. I have fceen trying to keep my eyes on you, but I could ""not help lookiug at the man. He frightens me : so much, mamma, dear." I was quite alarmed now. What could be the ~ matter with my dear child—my onlv child—my -beautiful, sensible, sensitive,little Teddy ? H* t was only six years of age, but he seemed almost '-aS wise and as gentle as his father—my ."darling • who had left me for ever just six months before. * «0b, mamma, dear, why do yon let the horrid " man come into our room ?" pleaded the child, the tears coursing down his bright chubby cheeks. " He is such a horrid man—so unlike dear papa '." I burst into a flood of tears. But in a few " moments I succeeded in checking the torrent ".'of my grief and turned towards my boy. : There was plenty of light in the small bed- *room. A brilliant reading-lamp lay on the "dressing-table. I gazed earnestly into my boy's : wistful brown eyes. He was undoubtedly wide 'awake, and as 1 passed my hand over his face I • found bis white brow was quite cool. "What is it, Teddie dear ?" I asked. "There :is no raau in the room, of course." " Bnt there was just a few moments ago 1 mamma." " Indeed there was not, my pet." "'_ "But I saw him, mamma. He came last, week . too, and I was awake and saw him. You had .'left the room for a while, and he came in at the j door and went over to the dressing-table and he did something strauge with his neck. Then I *' Bliut mv eyes and when I opened them he was "gone. *You came into the room then, but I was • too frightened to tell you." f T was in a fever of alarm now. What could Siail my child ?" " You were dreaming, Teddie, dear," I perfsis'ted, stooping over him and kissing his lips > and his cheeks. " Go to sleep, my pet." : " I am so frightened, mamma, dear. All the week I was afraid to ask you about the man. To-night he came in again while you were reading, and he stood quite close to you and looked into the looking-glass and did something to his neck. And then I shut my eyes tight. Won't 'you promise not to leave me to-night, mamma, jdear ?" promise, my pet," kissing him again and Slaying his head gently on the pillow. • 'Now go 'to sleep, dear, while I read my book." '• • • What could ail my darling ? I wondered, as I f stood near his cot patting his shoulders with my i Wnd. He had never been an.odd child, never | been seriously ill; he had always slept wonder- •riolly well: it was not easy to frighten or startle A him. He had never had any nurse but myself, \- and I had never told him stories of ghosts or / fairies, nor had I allowed him to hear any such tales. I had always been his companion—he was '' my/one thought, my one idol, always excepting ' that other idol, my "darling dead husband, who . who had shared his great love with Teddie .-«nd me. The house I was now living in was situated thard by tbe banks of the Thames. It was a (pretty little detached cottage, and I had secured i .it furnished at a wonderfully cheap rental—an Iimportant consideration, as my' means were narrow, and all that could be saved or spared should be lavished on my beloved child. ! The following morning—Saturday—Teddie ^seemed to be quite himself again., He romped ;-with me, walked out with me, talked to me just •as usual; and as he made no reference to tbe •strange man of his dreamG—for I had no doubt it was a dream which had disturbed him—I ' thought it best to keep silence on the unpleasant •subject. Nor did the child refer to the dream Muring the next week. At least up to Friday .night. OR Friday evening shortly before eight o'clock,as I was tucking him up in his cot, my darling boy said, " Mamma, you will promise to remain with .'me to-night ?" " Yes, dear," I replied, " if yon wish it." , Then I kissed him and sat down in the grow- >ing twilight. There was no one living with us in the cottage. A little girl from the neighbourhood did all the rough house work for me during the , day and usually went home about eight o'clock. ' As I did not go downstairs my little maid of all ! work came up shortly after eight o'clock to } let me know she was going. A sudden impulse . urged me, and I said, " Will you tell Dr. Jackson to give me a call this evening ? pass his house on your way home, I think ?" You i As soon as the little girl was gone I got my ilamp alight—Teddie was used to the light and lit never seemed to disturb his sleep—and sat down near the dressing-table I was in a somewhat tremulous condition—though I am not ordinarily weak of nerve—and found myself agitated by every sound which reached my ears. About nine o'clock I was horribly alarmed to | hear a piteous cry from my child. I laid down (my book hurriedly and went over to him. " Mamma ! mamma!" he cried. " There he tis again ! Oh, why do you let him come into i our room?" I stared round ihe little bedroom but could i see nothing strange. "There he is now, mamma dear—near the fche lamp on the dressing table !" pointing with his forefinger. "And now lie is going to llift his hand to his neck." I pressed my terrified child to my bosom and •soothed him with words of love and clinging 'pressures. In a few moments he had regained ibis ordinary manner, and I allowed his head to Ifiink back on the pillow. Just then I heard a loud knock at the door. My boy started. "Can this be the man again, | mamma, dear ?" said he—"the horrid man with i tbe large straw hat ?" "No, darling," I murmured. "Itisthe doctor, i I have asked him to come and see my little 'I Teddie. You will not mind me living you for Ja'moment to let the doctor in 1" • At first Ted die clung to me, but another knock j*t itfae hall door reached our ears, and my dear \- fcoy oswrmured— * " S fee} all right now, mamma. I know he •won't com& back again. Don't be long." I hurried 4own the short flight of stairs and 1'let in Dr. SasjsnoB, a kind, middle-aged gentleman, whose faee WAS familiar to me. I brought •the doctor up at OHCC to my child and whispered •to him that he was suffering from an attack of (nightmare, and that he had a strange delusion that he saw a man with a large straw hat in the room. ". The doctor looked curiously at me, and then 'felt the child's pulse. He asked me some general •questions about his health, and took his temperature. " The child seems all right," said Doctor Jackson, addressing me in a low rouse. " I don't think you need be alarmed. But could I have a word with you out of his hearing ?" "Tbe doctor wants to speak to medownstairs, •Teddie," I said. "Do you mind my leaving you alone for a few moments ?" J " No, mamma dear," he answered. " Only leave the door of the room open, won't you ?" * When we reached the parlour, the doctor, with (a grave face, said— " This is certainly a most extraordinary atffajr—most extraordinary ! Your child has ^«een, three Friday nights in succession, a man viwith a large straw hat standing in front of the •'•dressing-table, doing something to bis neck, as jihe little man puts it. Do you know anything "of this house ?" " Nothing whatever, except that it is very , pretty, very comfortable, and very cheap," I ; answered. ' " Well, madam," said Doctor Jackson, my ' advice to you is to leave he pretty, comfortable, cheap house at once—there is no occasion to get irae into trouble with the agents by telling them you arc acting on my professional advice." " But why ? What is the matter ?" I asked. "I will tell you," said the doctor, " and then you can decide for yourself. And please under- 1 stand, I am no believer in ghosts, but this is /certainly a most puzzling ease. This house was vacant for a twelvemonth before you took it. .The last occupier was a man of somewhat evil repetition—he owned the hou6e, I understand— whu iv a.s very fond of boating. One Friday evening, about nine o'clock, he returned from the river. ie was wearing a large straw hat; that I recollect well, for I remeuiper seeing it J in th? weg) when I TO- - " throat,'standing in front of the dressing-table in the bedroom." I left the awful house that night, more dead than alive. My boy is a strong man now, and one whom it would be hard to frighten, but he remembers still, with a feeling of horror, the unaccountable vision—( he vision denied to me— of the man with the straw bat standing in front of the dressing-table in the little bedroom. [THE END.] •"[NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] 