CLEVELAND DIVISIONAL BOARD. The ordinary meeting of the Cleveland Divt> sional Board was held in the Board Hall, Cleve- land, on Saturday afternoon. Present-Messrs. J. Pink (chairman), W. Birgan, J. H. Davidson, and C. Ziegenfusz. Correspondence. The correspondence included the following letters: From E. S. Hingston, asking that the dense growth of lantana alongside the State school be cleared ; resolved that the request be complied with. From W. Taylor, calling attention to the fact, that a fence had been erected on the pathway in Shore-street at the rear of the State school, and respectfully suggesting that the same be removed. The CiuinjiAN pointed out that the board gave permission for the erection of the guard fence and could not interfere with it without rescinding the resolution. Mr. Bui« in said no one was inconvenienced by the fence. Resolved that the board inspect the fence and report. From Tingalpa Divisional Board, re boundary road, pointing out that their former letter merely asked the board to be responsible for negligence, and that refusal to undertake this inferred an intention to neglect the road. A culvert with a deck plank broken in the middle left in a dangerous state for four weeks was taken as an instance of neglect, the responsibility of which this board declined to partake. To Tingalpa Board, stating that the Cleve- land Board had not the slightest intention to neglect the road, but could not consent to be bound to stand the whole responsibility. They denied that a plank in a culvert was in a dangerous state. In case of anything of a dangerous character being reported it would always receive immediate attention. The Chairman reported having, in conjunction with Messrs. Davidson and Ziegenfusz, inspected the boundary road, and he was of opinion that it had better be given over to the Tingalpa Board on their own terms. Mr. Pink moved,-" That this board accept the offer of the Tingalpa Board to take over the boundary on their own terms-namely, to pay 50 per cent of cost of maintenance and take the whole responsibility, and that an agreement between the two boards be entered into accordingly." The motion was seconded by Mr. BinoAN, and carried. FINANCE. The report of the Finance Committee was adopted. The Chairman stated that he had given instructions for the drays and men to be knocked off that day, to which period the pay sheet included wages. Mr. Davidson moved, "That the bank be requested to grant the board an overdraft of £250 to meet necessary expenses." The motion was seconded by the Chairman and carried unanimously. Tenders. " Tenders were opened for clearing lantana off Mr. D. Sinclair's property. 33 acres, at Ormiston, and that of George Clark at 2s. 6d. per acre for 20 acres, and is. 6d. per acre was accepted, subject to the approval of Mr. Sinclair. Four tenders were received for gravelling fifteen chains of main road, opposite Dawson's, Capalaba, at prices ranging from £1 7s. to £1 14s. per chain. For thirty chains of gravelling at Ormiston, five tenders ranged from his. 6d. to 27s. per chain. Mr. Davidson pointed out that it would be unwise to run into debt, and it was resolved that consideration of the tenders should stand over until next meeting. Everyone (states the Argus) is familiar with the amusing little theological stories which form the social stock-in-trade of the Presbyterian minister. Many a tea-meeting audience has submitted to them with patience, if not thanks; but when the tables are turned and an attempt is made to inflict them upon ministers themselves in assembly there is an immediate revolt. At the meeting, of the Presbyterian Commission the Rev. James Gibson was arguing a question as to the examination of students in theology, and having told a story as to how Dr. Norman M'Leod, after submitting as examiner a question as to Hitchcock's Theology," confessed in company with the student that he had not read it himself, he was proceeding to another " little illustration" when the Rev. P. J. Murdoch rose with marks of suffering in his face and begged to be spared. " If," he said, " Mr. Gibson spent precious time telling yarns and reviving old chestnuts the business would never be done." A murmur of approval ran through the assembly. Mr. Gibson bowed apparently before the storm, but, nevertheless, he managed to squeeze in another story of how an examiner put to a student the single question, " How will you take it hot or cold ?" Members had probably taken it both ways many times, for not the ghost of a smile recorded the humourist. If anything is more remarkable in the proceedings of the Presbyterian Assembly than the hard hits delivered it is the good humour with which they are taken. THE BEST AND PUREST COCOA. The Medical Annual says-The name 'Cad bury' on any packet of cocoa is a guarantee of purity." The popular beverage for all nosedive [Advt I 