DAVID GABRICK.* It was both the pood and evil fortune of Dawd Garrick to be more written alreut during his lifetime by men who were famous, and by some who were almost infamous, than any other actor before or since. Horace Walpole, Johnson, Burke, Goldsmith, Fielding, Boswelt, Cumberland, Footc, Murphy, Churchill, Tom Daviee, Cibber, Diderot in France, and Lichtenbeirg in Ger many, have left on record their admiration or their envy of his genius; and aew&rmof; pamphleteers and poetasters employed their mercenary pens in extolling or defaming him, in order to extort money from the actor and manager who had grown rich by the exercise of his profession. To these writers we owe our knowledege of the greatest ornament of the British stage; for theatrical criticism there was none In his days, and what passed for it was often the production. of people connected with the theatre; so that when Edmund Kean, at a much later period, complained to Garriek'a widow of the harshness of some newspaper aniaittd* versions on his acting, the old lady nai vely replied, "Why don't you write your own critiques ? Davy always did." But then Davy" was a man of letters, a playwright and a poet-after a sort-and Kean was neither. Thelnte.it biography ot Garrick, by Mr. Joseph Knight, himself an accomplished critic, deserves to supersede the lives written ' of the actor by Murphy, Davies, and Boaden, contains a good deal of new and interest- j ing matter derived from French and German sources; although the writer appears to be unacquainted with whet is said of his.sub ject by M. Despnds in the monography on Garrick which he contributes to fourteen volumes of theatrical memoirs, published in Paris in 1822, to which we shall presently recur. The ephemeral nature of an actor's fame has served as a text for many moralists to dilate upon. His rewotd is immediate, and is occasionally excessive. But it is as fugitive as Hie breath of the spectators; and it becomes a tradition as soon as the actor dies or retires from the stage. It has been so with Gareick,'and the question often arises, was he legitimately entitled to the enthusiastic admiration which he inspired ! After reading, as we J have had occasion to do, from time to time nil that was written about him, oy those of I his contemporaries whose opinions carry any I weight.with them, we feel bound lo answer J the question in the affirmative. In the first place, his personal qualifications were con siderable. Although somewhat below the middle height, his limbs were cast in a per fect mould, and his every movement was full of grace and dignity. He possessed the finest pair of dark eyes that ever shone in a human head, and the exoessive mobility of his features was such that he may be said to have been endowed with a hundred faces in stead of one. After the death of Fielding great _ regrets were expressed that no1 portrait of him had been painted. Garrick offered to sit to Hogarth, and simulated > the countenance of the deceased novelist so! perfectly that an excellent likeness was the: result. Some years afterwards, when the mimic was in Paris, a doubt was thrown j upon the accuracy of the incident, and Gar nek immediately reproduced the imitation ! to the wonder and delight of all present. ! _~® *aore,Ua we learn from M. Despres.! His .friend# took himtoVersailles, ji, Order that lie might see Louis the Fifteenth pass through one of the galleries oh hit way to mass. The Hing. who had heard of his coming; looked long and earnestly at the famous English actor ; and Garrick returned to Paris-enchanted with the palaoe, and With the treasures cf art it oontained; while he was, not a little Battered by the attention he bad attracted from the King That same evening, the actor was present at a large party, which had assembled to do him honour. "I should like to prove to you," said he, " that ,1 looked at something else besides the marbles and tHe bronses." Asking the company to form itself in a double hue, ss at Versailles, he quitted tire room for a moment, and on re-entering it there was a simultaneous exolamation of, "It is the King j It is Louis XV. 1" He then imitated the Dauphin, the Doc d'Orleans, and thTl)ucs d Aumont, de Kjohelien, and de Briesac, each of whom was immediately recognised, and CftiUot, wh° was present, and whose powers of mimicry are so highly extolled by Grimm §nd La Harpe, was completely stupefied by me astounding metamorphosis of Garrioks features. On another occasion he happened retrS"SL^KdUi' ClaiI°i>the ?ot know the «rtof lu*8?™!..he>M ^a novio« nia art. Jfbe frankly acknowledged her ignorance of his meaning, and on the * David (farrhk. By Joseph Knight London: Ksj^μ, tod Co.; Melbourne; Melville,MulMi, instant, without tittering .a word, he ilina ! trated the entire range of the human passions by the mere play of his featuirea. - It is Boawell, we think, who tells the story of Garrick being invited to dine with a noble man in'the 'country, and of his Vging found in the cohttyard, with his coat-tails under his arms, mimicking the agitation and the "gobble-gobble" of a ruffled -turkey, to the intense delight of-a little black boy, who constituted the whole of bis audience. Well might Kitty dive.exclaim, as she watched, from the wings, the great actor with whom she had just quarrelled, " D—n him! he could act a gridiron." But there was no mimicry iq Garrick's.,acting.. -Edmund Burke said of j him that he, was .without a peer upon the stage because he was the most acute observer. of human nature that that statesman had j ever met with, and Lord Chatham, sending < him a poetical invitation to his country seat, | wrote as follows ' Come, then, Immortal spirit of the stave, Great nature's proxy, glass of every age; Come taste the simple life of patriarchs of old, Who, rich in rural peace, ne'er thought of pomp or j gold." The peculiar charm and special power of Uarrick's acting seem to have consisted in his complete absorption in the character he represented. Many famous players absorb a part into themselves, ss it were. But in his case the character absorbed him. Garrick disappeared, and .the spectators saw only Hamlet or King Lear, Abel Drugger or Sir John Brute, Benedick or Sergeunt Kite, Macbeth or Lord Foppington. Tragedy, comedy, and farce were ali the same to him, for he excelled in each. Nor did the short ness of his stature lessen the grandeur of his noblest impersonations ; for, as Churchill j wrote, before such transcendent qualities as j his " All objections fly; Pritchard'e gcuveel, and Gat-rick's six feet high." An anecdote, related by M. Desprcs, may be | appropriately quoted in this connection When the Due de Guines was French | Ambassador in London, he asked Lordj Edgecomb to introduce him to Garrick, his neighbour at Twickenham. The in troduction took place in a pavilion, where the actor was taking tea, and the Dae made some pleasant remark on the subject of the striking con trast presented by his homely occupation and appearance to his face and figure as pourtrayed in Hogarth's well-known |K>rtrait of Garrick in the ti nt scene of " lliclinrd the | Third." " Ah !" said the actor, " these j painters flatter us. They depict us only as j we. appear upon the stage, giving us fine i attitudes and kingly aits, and when we re-! turn to ourselves we appear ignoble by the Bide of our portraits." " At the same time," | adds the Duke, " he rose from hiB seat like i one possessed. He appeared six feet high, ] hiB hair seemed to stand on end, his lips trembled, and the expression of his entire face was frightful. I recognised the Richard the Third <of the engraving, and, almve all, j the inimitable Garrick." i The actor.'wob* capable, indeed, or pro dncing his grandest effects quite inde pendently of costume and scenery. This was shown one' evening at Millie. ClaironV, in Paris,*when' he gave the ghost Scene from V Hamlet" «nd the dagger scene from "Macbeth" in such a way as to Bend a thrill of awe through all present. It was then, too, that he related the tragic incident he had once witnessed, of n father becoming suddenly insane under cir cumstances whioh the actor - depioted in pantomime. Leaning on the back of a chair, to represent an open window, he appeared to be tossing a joyous infant in the air, when the- child suddenly leaped.from his arms and fell a mangled ruin on the pave ment below. Amazement, horror, anguish, and remorse were expressed alike by the plastic countenance of the actor, and by the sobbing accents of his broken voice, in which the moans of a soul in agony were blended with the incoherent ravings of a mind distraught As to the spectators, they were spell-bound. Every eye filled with tears, and Mdlle. Clairon rushed into the arms of the great artist, who had thus reveftled the source from whence he had drawn his inspiration for one of his grandest acmes in " King Lear." That " grey, discrowned king" is said to have been one of Garrick's finest interpretations; not only on account of the wonderful pathos be infused into certain por tions of it, but by reason of the ietrifio grandeur of the curse, during the delivery of which the audience would shrink back, Tom Danes tells us, as it they were recoiling from a blast of lightning. Bannister, the actor, told Rogers, the poet, that the manner in which Garrick, in the same [tragedy, uttered the words, " 0 fool, I shall go mad," absolutely thrilled him. No more impressive tribute could be paid to the power of his acting than the effect it produced upon other members of the com pany, familiar, as they would necessarily be, i with til the ficfUes of their art; No one j knew tbeee better than Mrs. Siddons, and yet sbeeaid that when site was playing Lady Anbs-to his Richard the Third, she was so j overcome by the fearful expression of his face that she forgot all about his instructions at rehearsal, to follow him up the stage, step by step, and was only recalled to the proper business of the scene by suoh a look of reproof as she could never think of after wards without recalling tte terror it occa sioned her. What Garrick was like in "Hamlet" no reader of Tot* Jones will require to be re minded; said Partridge's opinion of the per [formanoe is not more delightful, in its way, than that of a grocer from Liohfield, the actor's native city, who took with him. to London a letter of introduction to David, from bis brotherPeter, but rHnrned home without havieKdeHvered it Wjteb baked his reasonfor not having done so, he said he had been to the theatre and tbvptitblAbel DHwtt'tn " The Alcheinist,*' after which he had not the slightest deeii-e to make the actor's acquaintance; " for," said the-grocer, in his rough-spoken way, " though he be your brother, he is one 'of *the shabbiest, meanest, most pitiful bouhds I evief saw." M. Desprcs relates an incident connected with Garrick'S Visit to Paris, which, we believe, will he quite new to English readers. The hour of his arrival outside the barriers was well calculated beforehand; and when his travelling carriage reached the posting house the postillion adroitly removed a linch pin, and the actor was obliged to remain in the inn for a tew hours. There he met with a most jovial wedding party from the cityj who pressed him to join them. Never had he met with a more brilliant and enter taining company. The wine flowed like water, and in about an hour the English stranger appeared-to be gloriously drunk. The fan grew fast and furious, until all of a sudden Garrick proved himself to be as sober as a judge, and jGyously proved that, instead of their duping him, he had duped them; for, with the instinct of genius, he had divined what their profession really was. They were the members of the company of the Theatre Fraugais, who had devised this pleasant little comedy of a simulated wed ding party for the purpose of imposing on their brother artist. On or oft' the stage Garrick was a con summate actor, and at the same time, as Goldsmith said, " an abridgment of all that is pleasant in men." Whether he has ever had an equal is a quest ion very difficult to decide. That he has hail no superior scarcely admits of dispute; and we think few can real Mr. Knight's book from be ginning to end without acquiescing in the verdict which Shakespeare is made to pro nounce upon him in Churchill's Roicicul:— " It manly sense, if nature iink'd with ait; If thorough knowledge of the human heart; If powers of acting vast and uncontined -, If fewest faults with greatest beauties joined; It strong expression, and slmuge powers which lie Within the tuagic circle of the eye; If feelings which few hearts, like his, can know. And which no lace so tveii as ins can show. Deserve the preference;—Garrick take the chair, Nor quit it—tilt thou place an equai there." 