GLEN ELGIN SPORTING NOTES. ' By " Bob the Reefer" Matters were quite lively out this way on Satui, day, 8th instant. Two' of the four horses going.f ru th e Parliamcutary Stakes put in an appearand, aud their arrival was the signal for a general roll- tip of the miners,- who mustered to the number of 'about 100. -Both horses looked in tho pink of con dition, showiug unmistakable signs of good groom ing and training, which reflect the greatest credit -on their trainers. Baker, by Biscuit — Wedding Cake, was the first to put in an appearance, and although he displayed a certain amount of instinct, really wonderful in a beast, in trying to exhibit some savg froid, it was easy to see that he was very excitable, aud I think the least demonstration of any sort by the crowd would have sent him wild. Carrier, by M .L. A.— Excellence, arrived soon after, and as he has won this prize before, and has the advantage of coming from first-rate stock, be car ried himself with an ease and- confideuce which proved him to he of no ordinary mould. His many excellent points at once took the fancy of the local- sports. After witnessing his performance, the ' hookies did a big business at level money, whilst Baker could not get a backer at the 20 to 1, which t was freely offered. Baker's trainer thought it advisable to let Carrier perform first, hoping that his nag would gain confidence, and become accus tomed to the crowd in the meantime, aud so at 4.15 p m. Carrier left the saddling padding and came; to the starting post. Rudyard Kipling acted as judge, and Senor Alexio was clerk of the course, the eternal drill being once more in evidence in keeping the track clear. Mr, Puckey acted as starter, and at the fall of the flag Carrier bounded off with free, elastic strides, seemingly taking de light in showing how well his good training and long experience on the turf, combined with his own good qualities, would benefit him in the race. He cleared the different hurdles with ease, and only at the last — the National Bank, which was indeed a. rather hard bank to negotiate— did lie pause in his onward course. ThiB, however, he. ultimately got over, though not so satisfactorily as the others ; hut, laken on the whole, his performance was "very , creditable: In order to further test his abilities, some obstacles were "erected by Messrs. Puckey, Rosebud and Tony Little, all of which he cleared . with sweeping bounds, poor Tony Little (who was holding ou to the jump) falling and narrowly escap ing heiug made pulp-juice of. Baker then made a start, the hurdles were taken dowu and lower ones substituted in order to give him every opportunity. , He seemed to have recovered his. equanimity, Vbut after the first few strides it again deserted him, and neither spur lior. whip couid get him ? faster than a slow canter. The hurdles took him a lot of time to get over, and- amidst the jeers and laughter of the crowd, he finished. in a walk, looking very lame and stiff. No other obstacles were put iu his way, as those present felt it would be useless, and the general verdict here is that he has not the " ghost of a show" of winning. On the following Tuesday we witnessed a per- formauce by Baldy, who is the last of the quartette starting for the ' race to exhibit here. He is by Jack-plaue out of Postage-stamp, and looks in rather poor condition, owing probably to the severe course of training he has gone through, Mr. J. Delions acted as judge. . Messrs. Puckey and Alexio filling the same positions as for the. other horses. Baldy gave a rather creditable perform ance, although he did not take the fancy of the public so much as Carrier did. His time was somewhat slower than Carrier's, although carrying less weight, and his manner of getting over the hurdles was not near so taking. Some obstacles placed before him. by Tony Little, Tweld ays Bushed and Jem Rosebud were cleared to their satisfaction and sonic business was done by tho bookies at '3 to - . 2. As a. sporting scribe, I must- keep up to custom, and so after carefully studying the pedigree of the different starters, and witnessing their training gallops, I venture to predict that the race will result as follows, and advise your sporting readers to back accordingly :— CARRIER ... ... ... 1 BALDY... ... ... ... 2 CAMF.RONIA ... 3 BAKER ... ... ... 4 The Great American Divine. — The Rev. Dr. Talmage, whom Mr. R. S. Smythe has brought to these colonics to lecture on the Bible and kindred topics, in his opening address in Auckland, said that on his visit to the Dead Sea two years ago he brought away Borne of the very fire and brimstone with which Sodom and Gomorrha were destroyed. All old hooks he said went out of date ; hooks had a time to he horn ; they spent a middle life of use fulness, and then came the old days when they tottered and died. Many libraries were hut the cemetery of old hooks. , Not so, however, with oue Old Book - which grew out of theocracy and monarchy, under the mantle of the prophet and the fisherman's eoat of the apostle. There was not half as much proof that Shakespeare wrote 'Ham let,' Tennyson the 'Six Hundred,' Sir Walter Scott 'Marniion,' John Milton 'Paradise Lost,' as there; was ever evidenoe, positive and over- whelming, that the Lord God Almighty, by the hand of prophet and apostle, wrote the Bible. The best bqoks -of the world were but the Bible diluted. Meg Me'rrilies was but the Witch of Endor ; Lady Macbeth was - but Jezebel, and Carlyle was hut a magnificent distortion of Ezekiel. .The Barraba Murderers.— Friday's Tamworth News says : — In connection with the Barraba tragedy,- the condemned man Lee recently stated that he disired to make an unconditional statement if; Detective. Goulder were brought to him. Lee's wish was made known to the authorities, and Sir George' Dihbs, the Chief Secretary, caused Detec tive Goulder to be brought up to Tamworth. That officer accordingly arrived hero yesterday morning and wasjangaged-nearly_.tliejyJiole of the day in writing down the condemned man's statement- Naturally, considering all the reports which have" been in circulation about the alleged thi'd man who was stated to have had a prominent land in the afiair, considerable curiosity has been aroused. -The authorities, however, are very reticent ancern- i'nw Lee'a statement, and no -nartienlars hare been allowed to transpire. We believe, howevei that a third man's name has been mentioned, hut the truth of the 'confession' has yet to he testd. And, even if true, it in no way exculpates Omming. During the week workmen have heenpngaged constructing the gallows for the executio of the two'men on Friday next. The structne, which will permit of two men being hanged at jhe same time, is a very substantial one, and is bjilt upon plans prepared at the Colonial Architeo's office. The principal part of the work has beci done in the yard adjoining the Court House, and j.hc vari- ous parts will be taken to the gacl where hey Will .simply require bolting! .together. The. correctors for the work are'Messrs. Turton and Jo., the ; ironwork being supplied from Mr. W. Silfr's es tablishment. Treating Refractory Ores, — The cy aide pro cess for extracting gold from refractory res has beeu a great success in South Africa. Te latest report is from one of the mipes iu the fibinsou Group, a profit of £5000 for 1893 is shown, rat this was made entirely from the treatment of d tail ings ; indeed, the battery worked at a loss rough- out the year. Tho average cost, includfe deve lopment, was 24s 2d, and average won ii milling was 23s 4d. The average cost of cyanide t itment was 3s 7d a tou, the average yield 2dwt 51", and average extraction 66 52 per cent. 