REASON AND INTELLIGENCE " Tiie Liberals," said Mr. B. R. Wise, at Redfern on Friday last, " made their appeal to reason and intelligence and not to prejudice." This, considered as an abstract statement of the manner in which Liberals conduct their cause, is probably accurate in tho main. But, as the immortal Bunsby would say, the bearing of this observation lies in the application of it. Mr. Wise, without disguise, ap plied it to himself and some mysterious band of brothers with which ho is affiliated. Who the chiefs are, and who the members of this mystic brigado upon whom Mr. Wish confers tho designation of Liberals, no man seems to know, ex cept that Mr. Wise is in it somehow. That Mr. Reid and Sir Henry Parkes are both of tho circle is plainly impos sible, and the same., cave would Iiavo to bo of tho mammoth | proportions of that of Kentucky to contain at tho same time Mr, Cotton and Mr. Bukdeiun. Yet Mr. Wise made, and habitually makes, | a feeble pretence of identifying : Liberals with free- traders. Tho thing ; i3 so ludicrous that it can only bo con- j jectured that while only a free- j trader is qualified for initiation tho group for whoso bedizenment Mr. Wise has stolen and debased tho namo of Liberal have some other and special recommendation, not to ho rashly disclosed to a prejudiced public. This is precisely tho anarchist's' position. Tiioy constitute a secret and sacred coterie in tho bosom of other and respectable organi sations. They nlso are somo- wlint . clamorous in declaring that Society is ono vast conspiracy against them. It is odd and rather startling to notice the similarity of the views of Mr. Wise in his capacity as tho Liberal number one, He likewise perceives a universal conspiracy operating against his cherished prin ciples of smash. It was a phenomenon of this con spiracy upon which Mr. Wise dwelt with agonised bunkum that for each electorate it had but one single candi date, and not merely . single but singular. This extraordinary being, who tilled Mr. Wise's soul with, hor ror and dismal forebodings,! and must, surely have agitated his eyelid with , a wink at the same moment, exercised his unspeakable activity . and dread efficiency as an aspirant for election to Parliament in the most awful .way. As described by Mr. Wise him self, this tremendous " representative of the forces of reaction " expected to succed iii his malign aspirations by " doing nothing, holding no meetings, making no speeches, but squatting silently and toad-like in some dark corner." This method of wooing a con stituency has something of tho Caliban order about it, and indeed it would be too grotesque to protend that any man in' hir> senses would expect elec tion to reward an attitude only worthy of a toad, in a rock. Therefore Mr. B. R. Wise, doubtless not despis ing his. hearers' intelligence quite to the point of expecting them to digest such insufferable absurdity, without at least something in the way of laxative, proceeded to mention that this- Cqliban-like crea tion of his imagination'; this toa'd in a hole who expected to. be broken out and made a member of Parliament . on his first hop into the light, counted himself "secure on the assur ance that— since . like attracts like — he would always command that solid vote which ali the elements of corruption and disorder could safely bo relied upon to giv him, without the need of argument or whip, moved thereto: by. some instincts of their noisome nature." This, is a description which really seems applicable . to no conceivable beings except imps of bell,, and it will be necessary for Mr. Wise to ; make, his meaning a good deal clearer. :. Is his refer ence diabolical, or is it--this is a' nice pbintA— is ;it intended to bo theological 1 Is it in this fashion, this appropriate fashion of words, that Mr. Wise invokes nnd calls into activity the evil influence of sectarian animosities? Tho incantatioii is in terms which appear suitable for such a' detestable rite. But, perhaps, it is not tho Roman Catholics whom Mr. Wise wishes to designate. The tonebfotis character of his phrases leaves a choice of opinions. There shine through the smoke of language in which ho veiled his sense, and be clouded his audience gleams of illumin ation, flashing revelations that your Liberal cherishes ri, deadly rancour against " labor" in any political form! Labor members are " purchased crea tures" whenever they don't voto the same way as Mr. Wise. Thoj labor leagues were abhorrent in his eyes. The opponents of the Wise organisa tion' of Liberals appeared to him in most protean shape. At 'one moment they were silent, conceh- trated, toad-iike, terrible ; placing but one candidate in the field— under a log probably— for oach constituency,; and actuated, obviously by a set. pur pose, ' while controlled by a stupen dous discipline; which absolutely re strained unauthorised competition. But presently they are noth ing of that kind, and - quite the opposite. To Mr. Wise, in another freak of mind, they , seemed " to have no system, of principles, ho definite policy, 'no. fiked rules of right or \yrong in public affairs;'', but . to be some , haphazard gathering of discordant elements, united by nothing but the .common desire to gain some sectional advantage over the Test of the community. Why Mr. Wise should be discontent with this latter description of opponent We cannot conceive. It seems impos sible. to imagine an adversary better qualified to be drubbed. But in the other aspect he was quite different. ' It would really be .. entertaining to learn what Mr. Wise actually means. Is the op ponent of the secret society of Liberals Mephistopheles or Tomfool ? He can't well bo both. What is Mr. Wise troubled about. The Kiama Ghost or the Labor Leagues? 