TASSO'S BXSCOTEKT a rsiiciioi.o(sicAr. ieouaxce. £ (Bt Edwin J. Bbady.) " Tltero aro more things in Iloavon and earth, Horatio, Than aro dreamt of in your philosophy.1' HE white i bench Bparklod and gleamed. As the rays of the sun de- sconded upon itthoy woro re flected by a thousand bro ken rock-crys- talsandminulo mirrors of mica Out of her pul voriBod . chils and mountains naturo had con structed another beauty. Site bad through thousands of years been patiently weaving a white collar of sand for tliu neck of hor daughter — tiie sea. Now, tlio warm sea throbbed languorously beneath it. ; T&sso; looked at it and likened it, in its voluptuous- rise and fall, to tho heaving 'breast of his far-off Mirabel. But then Torso was a poot; a modern poet, with the niimo of a classic. To tho poet in lovoall things beautiful are mero reflections of his beloved. Ho compares hor to tho sky, to tho flowers, to tho sea, to everything. The zephyr, laden with fragrance, is hor breath, lie feels it warm on his cheek, and pants with the fever of passion ; tho dawn is hor blush, tho uiglit her hair, pearls and ivory aro hor teeth, red' coral her lips — 3I10 is, in a word, the wholo marvellous world. So Tasso lay iu his boat and drifted up tho crook, with the tide, dreaming of darling Marib.d. Up that placid -salt-water inlet which filled tho reft between those treo-clad, flowor-broidorod hills of the Hawkesbury. "Oh Tasso, dreamer . Tasso, unknown' Ipoet of tho antipodes, when - we have gotten words to express daringly what-oiiv eyes already dimly see, thoy will say in the older world that Australin is, in sooth, the Avelon of the old fabulists ; and .wo southern bards will wear no dull, laurel " .wreaths, Tasso, but an aureola,- and on, tho' forehead a blood-rod' waratah. For wo will not be sober singers— like 'tho men of the cold countries — but riotous rhymers, " shouting with wine-stained lips a ptean of tho praises of the old gods.'1 , " So said Tasso to himself in his boat, lazily drifting up to tho fishing-ground at tho head of tho inlet. As ho dreamod he filled a wine-glass with a broken stem again and again from tiie jar in tho thwarts, and as often a3 ho filled i' faith ho emptied it. Now, the wine was tho third vintage of a little Cumberland vineyard, where Tasso had often sponb many a happy day with Mirabel. . It was a Btrong, white wine, three years old, with a fragrance like a bouquet of flowers, and evory time you spilled a drop from your glass it sparkled iu a bead of fire ! The celebrated wines of Europo were ; mere vinegar in comparison to it ! It was the very blood of tho finest grape grown in the richest soil aud riponod by the sunniest beams of the sun. As it mingled with his veins and coursod through, his arteries, Tasso almost, forgot that Cure had- once made a homo Bome- where - iii the hearts of men, and his soul - Bpfang out towards the boautyby whieh he wUs surrounded on every sido. Ho began to composo a songs . - ' As tho dawn zophyr blows, so tho red blossom : 'grows ; ; . Nbw,"5 why. should we shudder and griove, . ' .Bocauso in a day it fadotli away r And it droops with tho coming of ovo ? . Lot us livo in tho prosont, romcmbor tho crosonnt Bocomoth a moon by-and-byo ; ' For a season sho reigns, tlion withers and. wanes, To the ghost of a moon in tbo sky. - Ho ! quaff witboat measure the Cbalico of Ploasnro ; Hood not yo tho dregs in tho glass ; - IHaBto, hasto, for tho flowers f ado fast in Life's bowora. And Lifo, like tho flowora, must pass. Tho wine, ho! tho wino, rich, mollow, and fine, ... We'll drain ii) tho danco and tho rovel ; Tho pious may.cant and tho good peoplo rant, . Old Sorrow shall go to tho Devil. With the last lino 'of his verso Tasso's boat camo abreast of a largo flat rock that ran out into the deep wntor. The occupant ..took n. largo stone from tho bottom of the boat, lifted it on to tho seat, and, with some exertion, got it overboard. This istone, with sovoral fathoms of rope at-. tftched, did duty as an anchor for tho little IV erHfl, which now, with, her head pointing' J /tip strbapi, bobbed up and down upon tho h . rippled water, just off tho rock. - - - I Tasso, who was away from town on a If holiday, prepared to start fishing. Having baited bin hooks, he put two stout bream lines overboard, and waited lazily for bites, watching tho water and dreaming of music and Mirabel. Suddenly the watcher's oyon dilated and glowod. His lips closed together, and his face turned a trifle pale. Anyono following tho direction of Tasso's fixed g.azo might porcoivo a black object appearing slightly above the water-line about two fathoms distance from tho boat. This object remained stationary — it was a shark's tin. Tasso, with tho instinct of a huntor, lot his fishing lines run out quietly, and reach ing forward grasped a loaded Winchester which lay across tho for'ard seats of his boat. Holding tho riflo in his left hand, . with his right I10 disengaged from his : waist tho rod silk handkerchief which did duty as a holt, wrappod it round a piece ' of wood which happened to bo handy, and ' threw it out. There was a swift rippling motion of tho ; water. 'Tho tin disappeared and just for a ' moment a blunt ugly noso with two gleam ing rows of jagged teeth beneath it ap- pcared near the surface. This semi- euh- : marine apparition was followed by tho quick, joyous bark of tho Winchester; a little cloud of blue smoke curled away . towarks the land, and tho agitated waters . in the vicinity of tho boat were dyed a deep carnation.. Tasso, jubilant, hurriodly drew in his lines, seized tho paddles, and -with two or ; three Hwift strong strokes was upon tho . scene of tho monster's doath struggle. In less than fivo minute's the oxcited sportsman had made fast to hiB prizo, and was towing it in tho wako of tho boat towards tho white, sandy beach ahood. It is not evory man who can boast of having slain a twonty- foot shark with "ono shot from a rifle. Tasso in his mind was already reciting tbo advonturo to a select circlo of frionds. A GHASTLY MEMENTO OF A HORRIBLE BANQUET. . and receiving in imagination the lionor which accrues only to tho daring and suc cessful sportsman. After a groat deal of exertion ho managed to get the dead body of the monster into shallow water, whore -it was soon loft high and dry,, and ugly, by the retreating tide. Having examined and measured Jbli.o prize, Tasso experienced a restless curiosity to seo what tho man-eater might have .in its insido ! N In order to gratify that curiosity, 'lie . repaired .to. his tent, which -ws -pit'cliod lieaf this '.bench? aiid having procured a tomahawk proceeded to look for a 'largo /slieath-knife, which ho usually carried in his bolt, but which lie had been unable: to find when setting' out on his fishing.oxcur- dion" that morning. This particular knifo, howovor, wad not to be found, and being perforce content with a less effective ono, lie returned to his shark aud bogan to post mortem him. Tiie knifo was blunt, and the tomahawk littlo better. The incision which lie made iii tho shark's belly was -jagged and irregular. Tho strong fishy smell of the dead monster proved by no meann ploasant, but Tasso worked away, cutting through tho slimy skin and grey flesh into the creature's ' stomach. When ho had made a gash suffi ciently large, he ' turned- the " latter out .. diffidently. As lie did so a human hand slipped from among the shark 'b entrailB and slid over his bare foot on to tho sand ! . Tasso, already sick at tho stomach,- stag gered back and nearly foil. Then ho began to laugli. . "Ha !" said ho to himself, " what did I cut him opon for if not in tho expectation of finding something of this sort ? I wonder whore the rest of your dinner iB ?" lie continued, addressing tho dead shark.. " Here, come, disgorgo ! "What have yon , dono with him, you ruffian ?" Tasso, after a careful examination, dis covered that there wore 110. othor- human, parts in : the. creature's inside, and so he- sat down on his heels in the sand and began whimsically to examine the ghastly me- mento of a horrible banquet, in whieh the chief and only dish had, perhaps, gone down into tho maw of the dovourer altve ! " It's a man's hand," said Tasso to him- solf, gingerly catching it by the forefinger and turning it over, "and he has bitten it off as clean as a knifo cut. I suppose the other brutes got tho rest of the poor devil. Thoy must have fought for him. My fellow ovidontly got this titbit only. A nice relic. What tho dovil am I to do with it ? Report the matter to tho police ? I will bo pestered witli a lot of dull-headed officials for a fortnight. Will have to go to an inquestand give evidence. Goodness knows what. An awful boro. It will spoil the trip. Should I give it Christian burial ? Might be good for the hand, but what about the rest of tho body? (Tasso smiled at tho' idea.) Ho use getting .a man's hand out of purgatory and leaving the rest of him in. I guess I'll keep it and say nothing to tho police. I'll preserve it as'a curiosity. That won't do tho owner any harm, and it may pleaso me. It is a clear caso of the greatest good for the greatest number — the other follow, being dead, don't count." So saying, Tasso, who was a poot, and, therefore, eccentric, carried tho hand to tho water's edge, holding it somewhat away from him by tho forefinger, aud wasliod it clean. Then he took it up to his camp, and, overcoming all repugnance, sot to work to rubbing into the flesh chemicals, which lie had for preserving bird-skins, and salt. His idea was to embalm the hand and take it back to town witli him, to bo ex hibited, no doubt, among his friends, as a reminiscence of an exciting holiday adven ture. " wonder what Mirabel would 6ay ?" musod Tasso, as he gazed into his camp- fire that night, and sipped li is coffee; "as it is, I believe sho thinks I am half mad. This ought to confirm tier in the idea. " Novor mind, little Bel," laughed ho, ag lie rollod himself up in tho blankets ; "wlion I have given you my living hand we are married; if you object to the presuueo of my dead hand in the house, I will make it a present to old Briggs. Briggs delights' in the un usual. Besides, he is a bachelor, and likely to stay that way. I'm not. Wonder what I did with my sheath-knife? Had an exciting day, ' and life-like, tho flowors must pass.' Mirabel, little woman. Oh ! oli !" a yawn, and the speaker dropped asleep. .All-, this tends to . show. that Tasso,'... ; although a- poet was, by no , means a- nervous man. . . "Wo want you to come, along with jus!" The sun was shining brightly into the " tont. , . . < > . ; ; "Tasso, "only half awake," sat up, rubbing ,: his'eyos.- - - ' . , ' Gradually it dawned upou him that ho was not alone. A man in uniform was shaking him roughly by tho shoulder, and another was rummaging about among his cartridges and things. " Hey ! What tho : aro you up to ?" shouted Tnsso, jumping up. One officer mndo a quick inpvemont towards him, the other caught him by tbo wrist. Before be had time to make any resistance ho found his hands handcuffed behind his back. Without being able to roaliso .what had happened, Tasso perceived that it was use less to fight against the inevitable.. What do you want mo for ?" ho asked, simply. ' " Murder !" was the ominous reply. "'Murder? Good God, men, ye must bo mad!. Mo? Who am I- accused of mur dering ?" " A surveyor who was camped hore three weeks ago;" Tasso broke into a huge laugh. : "-Three weoks!" he roared. " Why, I've only been here three days. Tiie man was probably dead before I left Sydney." ."Not him," said the officer, with a suiile. "Ho was alive tho day before yesterday !" Tasso'e jaw dropped. "I thought you eaid tliroe weeks ago ?" "Yes; but they shifted their- camp further down the river about a week '' back !" " What was his name ?" " Whelan ;. Alfred Whelan," replied the official,- eyeing him narrowly. ' Whelan ! Whelan !" cried Tasso in a loud voico. " Wiiy, I know 'tlie man." "So I thought. But wait a moment. Remember anything you say will b.o taken in evidence ngainst you." Itwasusnal to warn prisoners in this fashion, and Tasso knew it. Already ho felt a horrible net closing round him. This Whelan was an old admirer of Mirabel's — his well-hated rival, a mail he had publicly quarrelled with, threatened and insulted. What an awful coincidence. What a piece of evidence ! Could it be possible that he had been mad or dreaming ? That ho had really killed a man — his rival ? How long had lie boen on tho river himsolf ? Three day3 lie thought, be felt sure ; but, then, have not apparently sane men boon going about mad, not knowing what they were doing, not morally responsible for what they had dono, but nfterwnrds hold responsible by tho Law ? Might not many murders' have been committod in this way? Heavens ! surely lie had not — ; ! ' The thought was too awful. And yet. . .- A thousand disconnected ideas flashed through. his miud with lightning rapidity. Tlio anguisli of his mind beCaino visible on his face. The lynx-eyed officials, evidently an ticipating a confession or an admission, stood still, watching, saying nothing. "Is this your knife?" Tasso started back with a choking feeling at his throat, as if the hangman's ropo had already tightened around it. It was the sheath knife that ho thought lio had mislaid, tiie blodo and handle now 1 all too plainly stained with blood. " Is this your knifo ?" The question was repeated. In a dry, hollow voice, Tasso, palo and trembling in overy limb, answered : "No." The officer laughed. Catching the knife by tlio blade he held the handle towards liis companion; The latter read " T-a-s-s-o" on the handle, and smiled. "Your name is Tasso?" said the first official again, in a soft, purring voice, which frightened and annoyed the accused inan.-/. 'V j No— yes !" lie answered ;iii an agony, of "apprehension, fearing jest, lie '.Had already 'incriminated himself by his. utterances. ! Tho second policeman then resumed his \- search. ........ ! Tasso shivered, He had just thought of the Hand! Somehow it seemed to him if that were discovered he would certainly he hung. Ho dare not, and yet he was forced to look in tho direction of the spot where it lay. covorod up. Ho essayed to remove his gazo from the place. It was useless, ho could not look away from it for any length of time. By some strange . unearthly fascination ho turuod towards that spot again and again. The officer drew closer and closer to tho plnco. Closer si ill"; he was touching the covering. In another moment he would draw it back and discloso tho torrible proof of an innocent man's guilt ! Tasso, unable to restrain his feelings any longer, shouted out : " It i6 not there! It is not there !" A cruel laugh broke from the lips of the two policemen. A cruel laugh, loud and long. \- « I. Tasso awoke. , . A laughing jackass, perched on a -limb neitr the -tent,- was— after 'tHo fushion-of his kind— freely indulging in liis rude' sylvan ? mirth. ; - '. \- Tasso; swore at tho, bird, arose, and " feverishly looked for tlio hand; Tho. thing — reeking of : chemicals — lay ' just exactly wherp he' bad jlaced "it. tbo . ; night before ! 'I,;' ' " -. -.' '. Sp, after all, it had only boen a night- , marc ! Tasso was not a nervous man, but even - after a.glasa of brandy lie trembled as ho prepared his breakfast. After ho had finished his meal he wont - down to the beach. Ho saw, witli a start, that the " dead shark had disappeared. : Then he remembered that it had been a spring tide, aud felt easier in his mind over the occurrence. . . ' 1 Ho stood on tho sand a good half-hour moralising, retraced liis steps, emptiod a pannikin of wine, took out his ghastly dis- " covery — still wrapped in a cloth — brought it to tho boat, got in, and rowod down the river. When he had reachod his destination at the little marine railway village, near tiie mouth of the estuary, he moored liis ; boat securely, and taking the gruesome parcel in his hand walked up the main . street to the police station and asked for the officer in charge. A policeman witli two stripos presently , . made liis appearance. . ... Ho wa3 a solemn, heavy individual, with an evident sense of liis own importance. Not at all like the. man Tasso had soon in his dream. This gave tho dreamer a kind of courago which he felt was unnecessary to his case. \- but for which he was somehow or another thankful. After we have come through any real or fancied danger we are inclined to a little levity. Tasso, as a grim kind of practical joke, quietly handed his parcel to the stout policeman and invited him to " open it." Tho officer wonderingly unwound tho cloth, and thon perceiving its contents with- an Indian yell, dropped tho lot and pro ceeded to have a fit. Tasso, forgetting all about his dream, roared with laughter. Just nt that moment there was a clank- . ing of log-irons in the passago-way of tho Btatiou houso. Tasso, who could look along the passago-way from tho door of the room in which lie had been rocoivod, saw two young policomon bringing in a prisoner. Their backs wore turned towards him, but they had paused at the door of a coll. One of tho policomon, leaving tho other to watch the prisoner, came up tho passage way and entered the room. By this time the officer in charge had reooverod from his fright. " Wo have got him, sergeant," said tho young man, with something of triumph in his face. "Who?" enquired the sergeant, still apparently bewildered. " Who have you got?" "Tho chain-man that stabbed Surveyor Whelau and threw liim into tho rivor." Tasso staggered against the wall. His sense of humor Beemed somehow to liavo boon a littlo too fine this time. "He has confessed," tho young police- mnn wont on. When wo arrested and charged him ho said, 'All right; I did it. I'm prepared to Rtund by it. They can swing rue for it and welcome.' Brown is a witness to tho very words." "And you, sir," said tho sergeant, soveroly, turning to Tasso, " what do you uioau by this ?" pointing to tho hand. Tho younger officer startod, and looked hard at Tasso. " When you rocovered tho body <rf tho murderod man from tho watoi;," replied the latter, positively, " one of the hands was missing. It had been bitten oil by a Bhark. Hero it is." With the last words he picked it up and laid it on the table. / The officials, utterly at. a loss to under- ; stand what was happening, looked- at each . ' othey, at the hand, and at Tasso. " It is. true," said tho youngor of the two.- men to the older, " that ..ono "of- tliolmnds is missing, but koto docs he knew ?":. " Yes, how doos lio know ?" said tlid other. "How do you know ?" "I don't know how I know," replied Tasso. "After this experience I don't know that I know anything. Yestorday I killed a shark. When I cut him open I found thiB hand inside Last night I had a dreaui You can subpeona mo as a witness if you want to. Qood day." As he went down the passage-way of the station ho passod tho prisoner and saw his face. It was that of a man quite unknown to him ! " What an adventure for Mirabel," said Tasso to himself, as he pulled up the rivor, and then, on second thoughts, " but I think I ought to keep it to myself." And ho has kept it to himself until now. 