THB STRANGE TRAGEDY OF THEI WHITE STAR. By V. CLAnK rtUSSET.,, It is proper I should state at once that the names I give in this extra ordinary experience are fictitious; the date of the tale is easily within the memory of the middle aged. The large, well-known Australian liner White Star lay off the wool-sheds in Sydney harbor slowly filling up with wool I say slowly, for the oxen were lariguid up country and the stuff came ?n as FOK is said to have written his history-" drop by drop." WVe were, however, advertised to sail-in a fort night from the day I open this story on, and there was no doubt of our getting away by then. I, who was chief officer of the vessel, was pacing the poop under the awning, when I saw a lady and gentleman approaching the vessel. They spoke to the mate of a French barque which * lay just ahead of us, and I concluded that their business was with that ship, till I saw the `Frenchman, with a flourish of his hat, motion towards, the White Star, whereupon they advanced and stepped on board. I went on the quarter-deck to receive them. The gentleman had the air of a military man-short, erect as a royal mast, with plenty of whiskers and moustache, though he wore his hair cropped. His companion was a very fine young woman of about six and twenty years; above the average height, faultlessly-shaped, so far as a rude seafaring eye is privileged to judge of such matters; pale, inclined to sallow, but most delicate, of a trans parency of flesh that showed the blood eloquent in her cheek, coming and go ing with every mood that possessed * her. She wore a little fall of veil, but she raised it when her companion handed her over the side in order to look round and aloft at the fabric of .spar and shroud towering on high, with its central bunting of house flag pulling in ripples of gold and blue from :the royalmast head, and so I had a good sight of her face, and particularly of her eyes, I never remember the like of such eyes in a woman. To describe them as neither large nor small, the, pupils of the liquid duskiness of the Indian's, the eyelashes long enough to cast a silken shadow of tenderness upon the whole expression of her face when the lids dropped-to say all this is to convey nothing; simply because their expres sion formed the wonder, strangeness, and beauty of them, and there is no vir tue in ink, at all events in my ink, to communicate it. I do not exaggerate when I assure you that the surprise of the beauty of her eyes when they came to mine and rested upon me, steadfast in their stare as a picture, was a sort of shock in its way, comparable in a physical sense of one's unexpected hand ling of something slightly electric, For the rest her hair was very black and abundant, and of that sort of deadness of hue which you find among the people of Asia. I cannot describe her dress. Enough if I say that she was in mourn ing, but with a large admixture of white, for those were the hot weeks in Sydney. "Is the captain on board V" enquired the gentleman. S" Hfe is not, sir." " When do you expect him ?" " Every minute." "( May we stop here I" "Certainly. Will you walk into the Juddy or on to the poop I" "Oh, we'll keep in the open, we'll keep in the open," cried the gentleman, with the impetuosity of a man rendered irritable by the heat.. "You'll have had enough of the cuddy, Miss Le Grand, long before you reach the' old rcountry." She smiled. I liked her face then. It was a fine, glad, good-humored smile, and humanisod her wonderful eyes just as though you clothed a ghost in flesh, making the spectre natUral and common place. As we ascerided the poop ladder the gentleman asked me who I was cour teously, though.his,whole manner was marked by a quality of military abrupt Sness, When he dindestood I waschief officer hle eclaimied - "Then FIiss 'Ie Grand permit me to introduce MIr. Tyler to you. Miss .eorgina I~e Grand is going home in your ship, She will hbe alone, . We have placed her ii- the 'care of the captain." "Perhaps," said Miss Le Grand with another of her fineashniles, "I ought to introduce you, ilr..Tyler, to my uncle, Colonel Atkinson." Again I pulled off my cap, and the colone~laughed as he lifted his wide straw hat. -I guessed he laughed at a Soertairi naivete in the girl's way of in troducing us. The colonel was disposed, to chat. ::Out, of England ., Englishmen are amongst the :most talkative of the Shuman:race. Likely. enough he wanted .t.ln iktrest n5et;i in Miss. La Grand because of my situation on board. A chief mate is a considerable figure. If any mishap incapacitates the master the chief mate takes charge. We walked the poop, the three of us, in the violet shadow cast by the awning ; the colonel constantly directed his eyes along the quay to observe if the captain was coming. During this stroll to and fro the white planks I got these particulars, partly, from the direct assertions of the colonel, partly from the occasional re marks of the girl. Colonel Atkinson had married her father's sister. Her father had been an officer in the army, and had sailed from England with the then Govenor of New South Wales. After he had been in Sydney a few months he sent for his daughter, whom he had left be hind him with a maternal aunt, her mother having died some years before. She reached Sydney to find her father dead. His Excellency was very kind to her, and she found very many sym pathetic friends, but her home 'was in England, and to it she was returning in the White Star, under the care of the master, Captain Edward Griffths, after a stay of nearly five months in Sydney with her uncle, Colonel Atkinson. Half an hour passed before the cap tain arrived. When he stepped on board I lifted my cap and left the poop, and the captain and the others went into the cuddy, Our day of departure came round, and not a little rojoiced was I when the tug had fairly got hold of. us, and we were floating over the sheet-calm sur face of Sydney Bay, past some of the loveliest bits of scenery the world has to offer, on our road to the mighty ocean beyond the grim portals of Sydney Heads. We were a fairly crowded ship -what with Jacks and passengers. The steerage and 'tween decks were full up with people going home; .in the cuddy some of the cabins remained un let. We mustered in all, I think, about twelve gentlemen and lady passengers, one of whom, needless to say, was Miss Georgina Le Grand. I had been busy on the forecastle when she came aboard, but heard after wards from Robson, the second mate, that the Govenor's wife with Colonel Atkinson, and. certain nobs out of Government House had driven down to the ship to say good- bye to the girl. She was alone. I wondered she had not a maid, but I afterwards heard from a bright little lady on board, a Mrs Burney, one of the wickedest flirts that ever with a flash of a dark glance drew a sigh from a man, that the woman Miss Le Grand had engaged to accom pany her as maid toEurope had omitted to put in an appearance at the last moment, in perfect conformity with the manners and habits of the domestic servants of the Australian colonies of those days, and the young lady having no time to procure another maid had shipped alone. At dinner on that first day of our departure when. the ship was at sea and I was stumping the deck in charge, I observed, in glancing through the skylight, that the captain had put Miss Le Grand upon the right of his chair at the head of the table, a little before the fluted and emblazoned shaft of the mizzenmast. I don't think above five sat down to dinner; a long heave of swell had sickened the hunger out of most of them. But it was a glorious evening, and the red sunshine flashing fair upon the wide open skylights dazzled out as brilliant and hospitable a picture of cabin equipment as the sight could wish, SI had a full view of Miss Le Grand' and occasionally paused to look at her, so standing as to be unobserved. Now that I saw her.with her hat offI found something very peculiar and fascinating in her beauty. Her eyes seemed to fill her face, subduing every lineament to the full spiritual light and meaning in them till her countenance seemed sheer intellect, the very quality and spirit of mind itself. This effect, I think, was largely achieved by the un common color of her skin. :Its accentuated hue, casting a deeper dye into the blackness of her hair, sharpen ing the fires in her eyes, painting her lips with a more fiery tinge oLcarnation, through which, when she smiled, heri white teeth shone like light itself. I noticed even on this first day, dur ing my cautious occasional peeps, that the captain was particularly attentive to the young lady; in which, indeed, I should have found nothing significant \--for shl had in a special degree been committed to his trust-but for the cir cumstance of- his being a bachelor. Even then, early and fresh as the time was for thinking of such things, I guessed when I looked at the girl that the hardy mariner alongside of her would not keep his heart whole a week, if indeed, for the matter of that, he was not already head over ears. i He was a good-looking man in his way; not everybody's-type of manly beauty, perhaps,, but. certain of .admiration from those who relish a strong sea flavor and thle color of ~iany years and countless leagues of ocean in one's looks, speech, and deportment. He was about thirty-five, the heartiest laugher that ever strained a rib in merriment, a 'genial kindly man, with a keen seawardly blue eye, weather- colored face, short whiskers, and rising in his socks to near six feet. I believe he was of Welsh blood, This was my first voyage with him.. The rigorous discipline of the quarter-deck had held us apart, and all that I could have told of him I have here written. (To be continued.) The " Daily News"says:--The Duke of Westminster has excited much in terest among his;friends by the circula tion of a statement that under the new Budget arrangement the Ducal estates, on passing to his heir, would pay a toll to the State of no less than £1,300,000. This indicates a state in which the un fortunate heir-at-lnw will have to get along with an estate valued at sixteen and a quarter million sterling I 