SPIRIT PHOTOS. HOW TO RAISE GHOSTS. The spirit photos presented in a recent issue in connection with the exposure - in Sydney, make specially interest ing an interview lately published in a London paper. It is as follows : — 41 Nothing is easier. I can torn you out ghosts by the dozen. They can be done to order just like anything else less ethereaL As a matter of fact, the beginner in our pro fession is often a ghoetmaker quite against his will. They come without his bidding, and disgusted enough he gets with them when they present themselves to him where he would fain have conjured the counterfeit of flesh and blood upon his plate." ' We were standing in a large Baker street photographic studio ; a thousand children's faces beamed down from the wails, for is not" Mr Faulkner par excellence the photographer of children? Of gkoBta there were none, apparently, bur we bad appealed to Mr' Faulkner for some explanation of GHOSTS m THE CAMERA, because it is said that next to ghosts children are the most difficult 44 objects" to photo graph, and we felt convinced that, iu his wide experience, Mr Faulkner mq occasionally have oroseed ' the thin border which divides the ohild and the ghost, these next-door neighbors iu the photographers camera. The immediate fact which led to the invasion by the 41 Westminster Gazette" of Mr Faulkner's Btudio was the bona-fide photography of a chDBt. A young girl had bebh" photographed, in' a private room, by an ematenr photographer, who, so far, declines to believe in ghosts. When the photograph was developed there appeared behind the figure of the girl in classic gar ments another face — shadowy, hut perfectly visible — the face, apparently, of a man with . towzly,hair and a dark moustache, "bending over" ' tie , shoulder. There : was . no todkety ot any hind : the plate had adt boon ' tampered with ; no one had interfered while the photographing was in process. how came this ghost ojt to the plate? Mr Faulkner, as an expert, was asked to explain. 41 It is the best ghost I have ever seen on a photograph," this gentleman ex plained, after a minute examination of the plate, <( and how it has got there I cannot exactly tell. Though, mind you," added Mr Faulkner, with the ghost of an amused smile, 41 1 am no more a believer in ghosts than you "are. There are various ways in which an im pression of this kind can he produced ou a camera. Iu the present case I should eay that either somebody bas passed behind th lady while the plate ou which she was bring photographed was exposed, or a reflection on eome window or glass- door has produced the effeot. Any photographer can manutactcee a ghost for you with the greatest ease. For instance, if I give a long exposure to a plate, aud during the exposure seme one — perhaps draped iu a sheet — appears for a moment behind the sitter, and then disappears again, a faint impression appears, of course, on. the plate. When I first took to photography, years ago, I often amused myself and my assistant by producing ghosts in this way. And beginners in photography very often produce ghostBsgainst their wills by incor rectly focussing the object they are about to photograph. 44 Then, again, it is very easy, for anyone inclined to do so to hoax Spiritualists and other people of fervent faith. An impression may he made on a plate and covered up. Afterwards, when a believer imagines that a both Spiritualist and " ghost " appear in"Qie photograph. It is truly marvellous how some of the good people who go in for spiritualism and kindred sciences allow them selves to he duped. VTe have had several instances of thiskind. Some time ago an old gentleman, a barrister, who had a very good position in the oolonieE, lived over here, just round the corner. He was a great faiJh- » n. cloyer old fellow. I should eay, an A about occult science. His wife died, and he came here one morning Baying that he would I'ka to be photographed. He would bring what he called his battery, and he thought the spirit of his wife would appear ou the plate. Of course, I had bo keep serious ; it was not my business to ex press an opinion about the spirit. Presently became in, aud with him was a party of men and women. These were his 'battery.' I put him in position for a photograph, and the battery sat behind him in a semicircle, far enough away not to come into thefoousof the camera. Presently, a member of the battery, a wretched-looking little cobbler, began to groan and waggle and to go into all kinds of contortions. 4 He can't help it,' a young lady of the party informed me 'nor can he help talking in that strange way. He is in a trance, possessed by thk spirit of an indian CHIEF. It was wril she explained, for the fellow began to talk in a would-be foreign accent, the moat absurd aud idiotic stuff I have ever' listened to- Sometimes he forgot himself, and talked in his own Cockney tongue, but then he - pulledhimself together again, and we had. a little more of the Indian chief. It web a great joke, but I was sorry for the poor old man who was deluded by these people. When the photograph was taken, the young lady of the party insisted upon coming into the darkroom to eee what was on the plate. Of course there was nothing except the fine figure of the old Colonel, but she turned to me and aud, in a very Buperior tone, 4 To you it does not ap pear bo, because your eyes are not opened ; but I see millions and millions of angels on this plate." ' 44 Another time, now a good many, yeate ago, wp had a curious experience with people of class. A very lovely young lady, of a well-known aristocratic family, had been photographed and painted by us several times. . She married, and after Borne years her husband came to us very sadly, and said he would like us to send down to his- house for the purpose of taking „v. . .. which had only lived un hour, could not pos- - eihly-be photographed, hut the husband in sisted on having a likeness of the child: So one of our artists made a drawing, and as the photograph was absolutely uselesz, he made - it as weII as ho could after the iikenefia of the baby's jbeautif ol mother, which was hang ing in their studio. When it was finished the father came one morning to look # at the picture. He stood before it for eome time, and then -went away, saying he -wonld he hack presently. Some hours later he came back, rather exoited, and asked to see the - portrait again. He stood in front of xt, mid then asked that the upper part of the face should be covered np; When we had done so, he said, with intense satisfaction, ' lOSjit is the child ; I recognise it by the lower part of the face.' The man, after leaving nsthat morning.hadgone to n medium and asked to - be shown the face of hia dead child. How they managed it all I rannot tell, bat he cer tainly ' came tack to ns with the impression that .onr drawing waB the portrait of the ahgri child he had seen in the medinm'e - zoom.' '" 