THE STORY-TELLER. MS. FOUND IN A BOTTLE. \--? [BY EDGAS ALLAN POE.] (Conclusion.) We were at the bottom of one of these abysses when a quick scream from my companion broke fearfully upon the night. "See! see 2" cried he, shrieking in my ears, " Almighty God ! see ! seer As he spoke I became aware of a dall, sullen glare of red light which streamed down the sides of the vast chssm where we lay and threw a fitful brilliancy «poa our deck. Casting my eyes upward I beheld« spectacle which froze the current of my blood. At a terrific height directly above us, and upon the very verge of the précipitons descent, hovered a gigantic ship of perhaps 4,000 tons. Although upreared upon the summit of a wave more than a hundred times her own alti ; tilde, her apparent size still exceeded that of any ship of the line or East Indiaman in existence. Her huge hall WAS a deep dingy black, unrelieved by any of the customary carvings of a ship. . A single row of brass cannon protruded from her open ports and dashed from their polished surfaces the fires of innumerable battle lanterns which swung to and fro abont her rigging. But what mainly in- spired us with horror and astonishment was that she bore np under a presB of sail in the very teeth of that supernatural sea and of that ungovernable hurricane. When we first discovered her, her bows were alone to be seen as she rose slowly from the dim and horrible gulf beyond her. For s moment of intense terror she paused upon the giddy pinnacle, as if in contemplation of her own sublimity, then trembled and tottered and-came down. At this instant I know not what sudden self possession came over ray spirit. Staggering as far aft as leonid, I awaited fearlessly the/uiu that was to overwhelm. Our own vessel was at length ceasing from her struggles and sinking with her bead to the sea. The shock of the de- scending mass struck her consequently in that portion of her frame which was nearly under water, and the inevitable result was to hurl me with irresistible violence upon the rigging of the stranger. As I fell the ship hove in stays and went abont, and tc rae confusion ensuing I attributed my escape from the notice of the crew. With little difficulty I made my way unperceived to the main hatch- way, which was partially open, and soon found an opportunity of secreting myself in the hold. Why I did so I can hardly tell. An indefinite sense of awe, which at first sight of the navigators of the ship had taken hold of my mind, was perhaps the principle of my concealment. I waa unwilling to trust myself with a race of people who had offered to the cursory glance I had taken so many points of vague novelty, doubt and apprehension. I therefore thought proper to Vontrive a hiding place in the hold. This Of did by y moving a small portion of the ahiftwg boards in auch a manner as to àSoràmR convenient retreat tietween the hogeMB» bera of the ship. * r I had scarcely completed nry work , a footstep in th» bold forumstomi&eu;^ ^ \ql it. A maa faned bf my place ^féfàf'^ < ''*;:';v «ealnient with a feeble and unsteady gait, j I could not nee Iris face, bitt had an oppor- ; tanity of observing his 'general àpàear «noe. Thtiro waa aborrt it fen evidence .of great age and "infirmity. His knees tottered beneath h load of years, and . tom -entire frame quivered under the 'Ihrrdëh. He muttered to himself in a Itiw^ broken tone some words! of a language which Ifould not understand and groped in a corner among a pile of singular looking instruments and decayed . charts of navigation. His manner was a wild mixture of the peevishness - of second childhood and the solemn dignity of a god. He at length went on deck, mud ' I saw him no more. * A feeling; for which Ï have no name has taken possessioa of my soul-ra sen- sation which will admit of no analysis, to which the lessons of bygone time* are in- adequate, and for which I foar,: futurity ttself will offer me no key. To' a mind constituted like my own the utter; con ^deration is au evil. I shall never-I know that I shall never-be satisfied with regard to the nature of my conceptions. Yet His not wonderful that these concep- tions are indefinite, since they have their origin in sources so utterly novel. A new sense, a new entity, is added to "my soul. It is long since I first trod the deck Of this terrible ship, and tim rays ot my destiny are, I think, gathering td á focus. Incomprehensible men! Wrapped ;ùp ia meditations of a kind which-I; cannot divine, they passed me by unnoticed. Con- cealment was utter folly on my part, for the people will not see. It was out just now that I passed directly before the «yes of the mate ; and it was no long while ago that I ventured intqthe captain^ own liri vate cabin and took thence the materials with which I write and have written. ? 1 «hall from time to time continue this journal. It is true that I may not find an opportunity of transmitting it totthe world but I will not fail to make the endeavour. At the last moment I will inclose the MS, in a bottle and cast it within the sen. An incident has occnred which has inven me new room for meditation. Are ' «neb. things the operation of ungoverned .chance? I had vestured upon dock and. thrown myself down without attracting, .any notice among a pile of ratlin stuff «nd old'sails at the bottom of the yawl. While musing noon the singularity of .my fate, i unwittingly daubed wit h a tar .brush the edges of a neatiy folded stud- ding sail which lay near «ne on a barrel. The studding sail is now bent* opón the «hip, and the thoughtless touches of the brush are spread out into the word " Dis- covery." I nave made many observations lately upon the structure of the vessel. Although well armed, she is not, I think, a ship of war. Her rigging, build sad general equipment all negative a supposition of thisikiBd. What she is net I'can easily perceive; what she is I fear it is impos- sible to say. I kuaw not how it iii, but in wratimaingherstrangemodelandsmgalar cast of spars, her huge sise and overgrown cuits of canvas, her severely simple bow «nd antiquated stern, there will occasion- ally flash across my miad a sensation ol familiar things, and there is always.mixed np with such indistinct shadows of recol lection an unaccountable memory of old foreign chronicles and ages tongaro. I have been looking at the timbers ol ¿he ship. She is baut of a material t< ?which I am a. stranger. There is i -peculiar character about Ohe wood whiel .strikes me as rendering it unfit . for th< purpose to which it has been applied, 'j mean its extreme porousness, considérée independently of the worm- eaten condi tien which is a conseqence of navigatioi in these seas, and apart from the rotten ness attendant upon age. It will: appen perhaps an observation somewhat over curious, bat this wood would haye everi characteristic of Spanish oak, if Spaniel oak were distended by any unnatnra means. In reading the above sentence a euriou apothegm ef an old weatherbeaten. Dutcl navigator comes foll upon my recollection *' It is as sure," be was wont to say whet any doubt was entertained of his veracity 4,as sure as there is a sea where/the ehi] itself will grow in bulk like the living body of the seaman." . . About an hoar ago I made bold to tras myself among a group of the o&wv; The] paid me no manner of attention, am although I stood in the very midst « them all seemed utterly unconscious ol my presence. Like the one I had at firs a Ben in the hold,, they all bore about then the marks of a beary old agö;, Theil knees trembled with infirmity. Thei shoulders were bent double with decrepi tude. Their shrivelled skins rattled ii ? the wind. Their voices were low, trema loas and broken. Their eyes glistenec with the rheum of years, and their gre] hairs streamed terribly in the tempest Around them, oh every part of the deck lay ace&eredmathematicalimjanunents; ol tba most quaint and obsolete construction I mentioned some time ago ^ebendinf of a studding sail. From triat-period tin conttoaéd tor térrlfio course wSfflujMS, with e?ery ¿ag of owvaj paotosd »pot v ' A:^:%m.vK: lier, from her buck to her lower studding sail booma, and rolling every moment her topgallant yardarms into the most appall inghetlof water which it can enter into the mind of man to imagine. I have jost left the deck, where I fiud it impossible to maintain a footing, although the crew seem to experience little annoyance. Jit appears to me a miracle of miracles that our enormous bulk is not swallowed up tit once .and for ever. . We are surely doomed to hover contin- ually apon tiré brink of eternity, without taking à final plunge into the abyss. From billows a thousand times more-stupendous than »ny Í have ever seen we glide away with the facility of the arrowy sea gull, and. the colossal waters rear their heads above us like demons of the deep, but like demons confined to simple threats and forbidden to destroy. I am led to attri- bute these frequent escapes to the only natural cause which dan account rot such effect. I must supposé ttfè ship to be within the influence of some strong current or impetuous wndertoiv. ï have séèn tile captain face to face and j in his own tebin/; Wt, as I expected, be| paiA'me nö attention. Although ,ïà hts Appearance there is to A Casual observer nothing which might Bespeak him more or les* than trian, Still a feeling of irre- pressible Reverence and awe mingled with the sensation of wonder with which I regarded him. In stature he is nearly my own height-that is, about 5 feet 8 inches. He is of a well knit and compact frame of body, neither robust nor remarkahle other- wise. But it is the singularity of the expression which reigns upon the face-it is the intense, the wonderful, the thrilling etfdfehce of oíd age, sp utter, sp extreme, which excites within my spirit, a sense, a sentiment, ineffable. His forehead, al- though little wrinkled, seems to bear upon it the stamp of a myriad of years, lils gray hairs are records of the past, and hVgreyer eyes are sybils of the future. l&e; cabin floor was thickly strewn with strange, iron clasped folios, and moldering instruments of science, and obsoleta} tong forgotten charts. Hts head Was bowed down upon hts hànds» and he pored with a fiery, unquiet eye over a paper which I took to be a commission, and which at al| events bore the signatnro of a monarch He muttered to himself-as did the firul seaman whom I saw in the hold-som| lew, peevish syllables of a foreign to^tfè, andi although the speaker pta efftse at mj elbo w his voice seemed to' reach my earl from the distance of A mile. The ship atfd allin it are imbued witt the spirit of Eld. The crew glide to ant fro like the ghosts of baned centuries; tbj|$r eyes have an eager and nneasi meaning, and when their figures fall athwart my path in the wild glare of thi battle lanterns I feel as I have never fel before, although I have been all my life j dealer in antiquities and have imbibe! the shadows of fallen columns at Balbei and Tadnor and Persopotts until my veri soul has become a ruin. When t look around me, I tèeî ashame! of my former apprehensions. If Ï tren bled at the blast which ha» hitherto ai tended ns, shaft Î not stand aghast kt warring of wind and oce»n, to oonv%%h idea of which the words^ tornado an simoom are trivial abd ineffective P A in the immediate vicinity of the ship i the blackness'of eternal night and a chac of f oamtess water, but about a league o either side of us may be seen, indistinct] i tad at intervals, stupendous ramparts < iee towering away into the desolate ski and looking like the waUs of the univers As I imagined the ship proves to be i a current-if that spoliation can proper] be given to a tide which, howling an shrieking by the white ice, thunders c ba the sonthward with a velocity like tl headlong daihing of a cataract. To conceive the horror of my sensations ia, I presume, utterly impossible. Yet s cariosity to penetrate the mystery of these awful regions predominates even over my despair and will reconcile me to the most hideous aspect of death. It is evident that we are harrying onward to j some exciting knowledge-some never*to ^imparted secret, whose attainment is destruction. Perhaps this carrent leads us to the southern pole itself. It must be confessed that a supposition apparently so wild has every probability in its favour. The crew pace the desk with unquiet and . tremulous step, but there is upon their countenance an expression more of eagerness or of hope than of the apathy of despair. Sn the meantime the wind is still in our Íipopi and as we carry a crowd of canvas he ship is at times lifted bodily from ont theses. Oh, horror upon horror!-the ice opens suddenly to the right and to the left, and we are whirling dizzily in im mense concentric circles round and round the borders of .a gigantic amphitheatre, the. summit of whose wall is lost in the darkness and in the distance. Bot little time will be left me to ponder upon my destiny. The circles rapidly grow small we are plunging madly within the grasp bf %he whirlpool-and amid a roaring and blowing and. thundering pf ooean and ftfmfatöföheft^ GM! aud^olog dowo ! Note-Tbe " MS. Found Ia a Bottle'* was originally published in 1881, and it was not sutil many years afterward that I beoame acquainted with the Maps <of Mercator, in whioh the ocean U represented as rushing, by four mouths, into the (northern) polar gulf, to be abaorbed into the bowels Of, the earth, the pole itself being represented by a blaok rook towering tö a prodigious height. 