NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. CLEAR AS SUNSHINE. (Ca}W-vjht.) BY RICriAUD ASHE KING (" BASIL "). ,4-uthor of " Love the Debt," " The Wearing of the Green," &c.;, &c.; "What are you two fellows sniggering over ?' cried Captain Barriugtou to a couple of subalterns who were giggling like a brace of schoolgirls over a photograph. " Something nasty, I'll bo bound." " Nasty ! Never made a worse shot in your life, old man. Eh, Colthurst ? It's about as uiccy-piccy a picture as ever you saw. Ask Colthurst." "Rather !" chuckled Cothurst,appreciatively. " And it's not a fancy picture, either, for I tjok it myself with a snap-shot of my'Kodak,'" said Perry. " Here ! Chuck it over if it's presentable," cried Barrihgton. Perry skimmed Hie photograph across the room to the Captain, who stooped, picked it np, glanced at it, and then sat suddenly down with the exclamation which seemed to have been wrung from him by a turn of the rack. ; " My God !" " What—what's the matter ? Are you ill cried Perry, starting up and hurrying across the room to Barrington, who for a moment made uo answer. Presently he forced himsef to look again at (he photograph, when he agiin groaned and gasped hoarsely:— !. " Where— ?" j " Where ?" echoed Perry, in perplexity. I " Where did you take this ?" cricd the Cap- • tain, with a sudden iierccucss which made Perry recoil a step. ' " I—I took it somewhere in Ireland. Where the deuce did I take it now ? Ob, to be sure ! ,It was near Inchichrcc. There was a sudden Shower, and I ran for shelter to a ruined castle, and was only stopped at the entrance by the sigbt of those two spooning together. Just then the sun burst again, and as they were too much taken up with cach other to noticc me, I could not resist taking a snap shot at them with my , Kodak.'" "It was a gentlemanly thing to do, Mr.Perry," the Captain s;iid in a keen and cold tune, with a surprising recovery of his selt- commaud. " What do you meau ?" stuttered Perry, blushing scarlet. " If you were capable of understanding my meaning you would be incapabe of this," he cried in a tone that cut like a whip-lash, pointto the photograph. Then with a withering look at the two foolish lads he stole from the room. Perry turned an inquiring look of perplexity to Colthurst, who promptly answered it. " You've been and gone and done it now, my •boy, and no mistake! It's the girl he's engaged to. ' Inchichree Castle ' or ' House ' is her address, for I've posted letters to her for him more than once." "Good heavens !" cried Perry aghast. " But hang it all!" he added. " He's well out of it. An eugaged girl, like that, who would sit on another fellow's knee, with her arm roinid his neck and her cheek against his, is belter found out before marriage than after." This also was the consoling conclusion the Captain tried to persuade himself that he had calmly come to ; bat his wild, mad love for Kitty Power cried aloud against it. If only he had not known I If only he had l>een allowed to live in bis Elvsian illusion—a Fool's Paradise— hut such a Paradise ! But no. He was driven out from it with this flaming sword which pierced and burned and seared his very soul As he paced his own room to and fro he had again and again tried to force himself to look at the photograph once more and make assurance doubly sure ; but he could not for a long time. When he did at last look at it, he struck it satagelv with his clenched fist and cried— " By ! He'll answer this to me !" And for some time lie really did cherish the absurd hope of a duel with bis rival in Belgium —a hope which, like a lightning-conductor, diverted his fury from Kitty—but soon, seeing its foolishness, he was again torn and tortured with thoughts only of her. I How he loved and hated her ! Worshipped and scorned her ! Her ? Whom should he justly scorn ? Himself—himself alone ! Had /lie not been warned again and again and again /that the girl was a flirt ? . Did not his aunt no _ later than last week complain to him in a long " letter of her conduct with a Mr. Rolleston—this . very man probably ? Knowing his aunt's English and old-maidish prudery he had been impatient of her wooden warnings—assured that she had misconstrued the innocent gaiety and guileless abandonment and the wistful winsomcncss of an Irish girl through putting upon them a matter-of-fact English interpretation. But " flirt" was a mild name iudecd to give a girl who, while writing almost daily letters to . her betrothed, alive and alight with seemingly the most artless love, could sit upon auother man's knee (not a brother's, for she had none) with her arm round his neck, her cheek nestled against His, and her hand smoothing the hair from his forehead r It was at this frenzied point of his meditations . that yie Captain sat down to write the letter r which turned Kitty the next morning white as the breakfast-cloth. Being a girl of a singularly high spirit she did not utter a single word, but affected to go on with her breakfast unconcernedly until her father and her two young sisters had quilted 1 the room. Then she rose, and getting behind . her mother's chair to prevent the white anguish of her face being seen, she said in breathless staccato sentences :— 1 "Read that, mother. It is from Captain Barrington. Never speak cither of it or of him to mc again." And before her mother had realised that something horrible had happened to sever the lovers Kitty had swept iu the quecnliest way from the room. Nor even in the privacy of her own room did .„*he for a long time break down into abject tears. She stood as though turned to white marble, facing defiantly the Captain's photograph over the mantel-piece, as though daring it to repeat the outrageous language pf the letter. When her mothers timid knock came presently to the door Kitty asked in a dull dead voice r— i " What is it P" : " It Is I, dear." " Well, mother, what is it ?" she repeated Upon her mother's entrance. " It's some misunderstanding, Kitty—some dreadful misunderstanding—or mischief-irakiu^ of bis aunt's. From the first, dear, I never liked— "Don't, mother; I asked you not and I meant it," she said in a tone which at once silenccd and terrified her gentle mother. Turning to say something not less repc-llant : Mi l steel- cold to her mother, Kitty caught the : yearning trouble in her gentle eyes and was tnoved to fold her impulsively in her arms and sob :— " Dear mother ! Dear, dear mother !" And soon the poor girl was again a little child tipoo her mother's knee. Yet even then she Woaid not let her mother talk of that letter or its writer. * " If I struck you in the face, mother, you Would not like ever to speak of it, or have it spoken of. Let me try to forget it; it's the tnost I can hope for " she said, with an aching . desolation in her voice which made her mother press her almost passionately to her bosom. But though poor Kitty would not allow her mother to discuss the letter or its writer, or the tnotive of its writing, with an inconsistency which girls will understand, she permitted, even perhaps encouraged, her dearest friend, Miss Bell Herbert, to discuss the whole affair exhaustively. " It's the aunt, of course; and it's Mr.Rollesto», of course ; but nothing you could do or she JKJuld say justifies such a letter. I should dearly like *-o give him a little lesson with this," swfe«4iing her riding-whip viciously in the air. Wc«d I say that a little of this vigorous virago (•& «f physical vengeance upon the recreant • reactionary effect on Kitty ? Her love was dc«rt murdered as she thought—but she rever«i-»:d, so to say, ttie body of the dead, and COP ^ not endure its desecration by such talk. A * Bell had the tact to perceive this, she w»et at onee upon the opposite tack of trying I* imagine an adequate provocation for such a . >H«. * cross-examined Kitty upon all her flirtawith Mr. Rolleston without finding snywnjch anyone could"candidly consider ,oi(mralty to her engagement. • But there's 110 knowing what she'd think i'jffjifoper," she wound up—" she " being Mrs. ; Jiqracourt, the captain's aunt. " Some of these • prim Englishwomen are like Ned's wooden soldiers—so stiff that anything which pushes them out of the perpendicular by a hair's- " "1 souls tbam over altogether." Having done something by her sympathy at least, if not by her comments and her counsel, (o comfort poor Kitty's harrowed heart, Bell had to quit her to ride home, where there happened to be urgent need of her presence at lunch. Just as she was in the act of mounting her mare unaided, and for this purpose had tin red up her habit with one haud, she caught sigbt of the recreant Captain standing staring at her as though turned to stone. He had no sooner posted his letter to Kitty thin he repented of its brutality and hurried after it, or rather with it iu the Limited Mail to Ireland. His intense love coming back upon him with a rush swept everything before it, so that in this mood and for the moment he would believe nothing—not that iufernal photograph, not his own very eyes—against Kitty's truth and modesty. Bell, though she had uo idea that this was the Captain (whom shehaduever seen),was arrested by the stupefaction expressed in the face of this man who stared at her as at the ghost of some one he had murdered. Presently he took out a photograph and compared it with her face aud figure—not forgetting her ridiug trousers ! " I beg your pardon," he stmmered, " but is this you ?" Yes, it was Bell sure enough, with Kitty siting on her trousered knees. In riding she had overtaken Kitty and been overtaken by a shower. Leaving her horse with her groom, she scampered across with Kitty to the Castle for shelter,aud,as there was only one sheltered seat available she took Kitty on her knee. Kilty had occulted all her pel-sen but her trousered legs and her close-cropped head ! [THE END.] 