NOVEL. The Flying Halcyon. CHAPTER VI. (COOTINTOD.) BY RICHARD HENRY SAVAGE Hut a busy Cupid had rogueislily translived with his golden dart the hitherto invulnerable heart of Harry Wainwright. For ;he graceful girl whose eyes were fixed timidly on liim was as delicate in her beauty lis u gazelle. The native shyness of her Cast ilian blood, heightened by her secluded convent breeding, was evident in the fleeting rrimson flushes which dyed her tender cheek. JJraped in the uiodest black which gave an ascetic tone to her startling beauty, Dolores l'esquiera flashed her dark eyes mournfully at the handsome officer, in answer to his earnest queries. Clasping her slender hands, the begged him to reach the father who might any day be dragged before a jefe politico and summarily shot at a tyrant's bidding. The sight of Dolores's lovely head resting on Anita's bosom, her silken tresses flowing over exquisite shoulders, her arms clasping the new-found friend, moved Wainwright to transport, as the motherless Mexican sobbed, ' 3[i padre querido! padre pobrecito !' in the flowing music of her raco. ' Give me but a token, 6onorita, and I will iearh your father or lose my life.' She handed him an emerald ring. * It was my mother's,—his wedding gift. That will tell him all. And I will write three lines. The bishop will sign it.' Before the lazy Mexican bugler blew taps in front of the cuartel, Wainwright had his full instructions from the bishop and from Mrs. Delmar, now breathless -with anxiety to see him start. A secret courier would precede liini, bearing words which no layman or friendly heretic might hold in trust. The bishop raised his hand in blessing as they parted for the night. ' I will send you a man and woman to watch over your household, my daughter,' he whispered to the mother. ' You, dear child, nan go and come as .you please to meet my lamb Dolores. The Mother Superior will know you only as anuieet my faithful messengers. Tiey will whisper to you these two words.' He bent bis stately head and gave the mossenger of love a secret countersign. The lights went out one by one in Guaymas. The mother and daughter caught friendly glimpses of the Raneer's tall spars, and the welcome red gleam of the dainty Halcyon's mast-head light. ' I feel that our brave friend and the wise bishop will find the safe way. But prudence, patience!' The anxious mother folded her lovely daughter in her arms and slept in peace. A stone's throw away, Diego the pilot and Estrada were plotting cheek by jowl. ' You must guide me. amigo, said the port captain. ' A clearance to cruise in tho gulf, or surveying work, in command of a Yankee officer, cannot be reifused : tluit is regular. But if they go near Hermosillo (the great mint is there) they may try to smuggle a cargo of silver, who knows? If you have probable cause, 1 will board her, but only after the uuval officer and his men leave. Hoist two red lights at the mast-head instead of one if you want a visit. La Democrata will be here to-morrow night.' ON the deck of the schooner. Commander Wainwright was giving Ensign Crowninsliield his last orders: * Ron out at daybreak. Put in a week and give me a good shore reeonnoissance as far as the Yaqui Kiver and twenty miles beyond. Land always with your flag. You can run up. the 1 aqm with the, launch fifty miles and see what it's like. There are great coal-fields of anthracite there. I am going to Ures, <o be zone a week and examine the beds. Thoy may be accessible by the river. Use the trading-goods freely with the natives, and stop vile moment they object to interior re searches. I mean to have a look at them before our cruise is done. Be open, friendly, ami hospitable. I want a report from you.' Wainwright lieaved a cavernous sigh as he pulled home to his ship. His head was busied with tlie flitting of the Constance. ' 1 don't wish Marquez to poke his nose into that schooner's affairs. I'll lay him out at the lunch: I'll captivate theswartliy tyrant. As for Diego, he will not set foot on shore for ten days. The ensign will nail him on duty.' In tho starlight, Harry kissed Dolores I'osquiera's emerald ring. ' The fatlier in chains.' I will loosen them, for his daughter's sake." The sailor's dreams were haunted by two liquid Creole eyes, his slumbers lulled by a murmur as sweet and sad as the rusting of Autumn leaves: ' Mi padre querido ! padre pobrecito !' When Wainwright's morning coffee had driven tho tumultuous dreams of night from his brain, he peeped from his cabin window. The beautiful Constance was gone. ' Good for Crowninsiiield! He's a bright lad, and a born sailor, like the rest of his name.' Wainwright dismissed his breakfaist calmly, varying the routine reports by a hurried conference with his steward. ' You cam serve the champagne on. my order without stint. And brew a bo wl of that Hanger punch which gave you the honors of the Alaskan squadron. I do not wish his Excellency to leave this vessel thirsty.' After a studied full-dress morning toilet, Hirry laid out ostentatiously on his official de^t a formidable array of maps, charts, some old reports on the Lower Mexican coast, and a, bundle of severe-looking envelopes marked ' .Navy Department.' • 'Ijittecunning, some confidential flattery, and a g<od deal of scientific drinking, wiil bring Jost Marquez into a good humor. . I'll play the great mau. The ward-room can ' entertain -fin staff. I will be diplomatically confidential. An hour alone will start him on the path: the list of official toasts will conclude tho good work.' The gay sailor could not see Gbed Lake and Jorgensen, forty miles at sea, lurking at the bow of the Constance as she darted along to the south. ' There's some trick here,' Lake snarled. ' Curse that upstart officer! I'll have this boat yet, in spite of him. If we leave the town again without tho women on board, or these blue jackets, I'll run away with this craft.' 'Spoken like a man!' said Jorgensen. ' Where will you run her to ?' he whispered. • I'll tell you later. I have a scheme to load us both down with gold, Jorgensen, he said. ' We have our show now:* ' What is it?' whispered the mate. The eyes of the villains met. ' We must loosen the whole bulkhead of the arms-room while we are on this trip,—draw the nails, cut them off, and leave a few boards tacked loosely. When we get our show, we will jump these two fools, and make a run for it. It is a secret for you and me alone. The men are willing.' 'And the two dandy skippers?' hoarsely groaned Jorgensen. Obcd Lake pointed silently to the gTeen water. • The sharks cling to us like a shadow,' he said, as a dozen green slimy flattened shades swept along on tie lee side of the boat. Jorgensen grinaed. 'Here's my hand on it, shipmate.' And he laughed to think of the blue-eyed maid waiting on the Baltic. There was all the" studied display which Wainwi iglit's skill could lend to tho arrival of Governor Marquez, —a ringing salute, the ship's company mustered for inspection, and a personal reception by himself. In solemnprocession, the official cortege inspected .the ship, and then the junor's in a body escorted the governor's staff to the ward-rooms, whence tho sound of jollity soon aroso. But in the commander's cabin, Wainwright, in deep preoccupation, communed with the delighted official. Coal mines, future fleet visits, growing business relations, tho value of detailed gulf aud harbor surveys, his degiro to visit' Yaqui River and the tribes, a special report to tho secretary.—all -these things were reviewed before the governor. Samples of tho American cocktail were deftly introduced to punctuate the conference: ' But I will not weary you, Senor Gobornador. I have a few days' leisure. I could have taken a look at the main coal-fields noar Ures, but the roads are so d'tngerous. I have sent an officer to. examine the Yaqui River. Tt is too shallow for my vessel to reach, so I liave hired the vessel of these mining speculators. If I could see the mines and gain some real information of the Yacqui country ' ' Senor Comandante,' iejoined the Mexican, now flashing-with tho good humor of the' ante prandial appetizers, ' I will give you an escort aud my own carriage. I have one of my best officers at Ures, in cliarge of that malefactor Pesquiera. He cannot leave, but he shall tell you all, aud he will -send you to the fields.' jfwTj^ht exhausted his repertory of CastiJflfci flourishes in thanks. ' Does he know tS^Yaquis, their land, their habits? It we could only u e this coal-supply ! All, what a boon to our service ! . I cannot visit their laud ! I must obtain details for ray secret report'—' to Pauline Delmar : Heaven pardon me this official humbugging I' he soliloquized. | ' I have it! Mateo Pesquiera was his father's secretary. Ho knows: he shall tiell you all. I will have my carriage at your disposal to-morrow. You shall be there in a day aud a half.' Wainwright cast a glance toward the red tiled roof of the distant convent. He folt tho emerald ring, Dolores's token, on his finger. ' I will live to see her folded'in her father's arms: I swear it. And then?' His heart leaped up. Along the future pathway of his life he saw the glances of those Creole eyes, loving, burning, tender. ' Excellency, allow me to escort you to the deck. Our other guests are waiting to do you honor.' Wninwrigbt led the way to the quarter-deck, while themerrycirclegathered, aud Mrs. Woodford and her daughter were presented in due form. Fred Bligh cautiously dilated upon the land and mining specu - lation which bound them all together. Mother and daughter learned to breathe more freely as Bligh and Wainwright courteously interpreted. The splendor of Wainwright's feast dazzled the Moxioan governor. Seated in the place of honor, under the glances of the ladies, Marquez loyally drained each of the ceremonial toasts which dragged along during the two hours at table. Pressing his hand on his heart, ho offered his services to tho visitors. Even quaint Professor Hackmuller shared in his general outpouring of effusive hospitality. ' Permission to establish a laboratory ? Certainly, my dear sir. I have a fine location near the governor's house, and a yard, full of machiuery there. Come and see me. Ah, my friend, when I have finished the trial of this pestilent Pesquiera, I will go myself and show you mines. 1 go to Ures in two weeks for tho trial. It will be", pushed. When his fate is decided and the decree executed, I am at your service.' ' And what "will be his fate if found guilty ?' asked the host, with assumed carelessness. • He will%e shot forthwith, on telegraphic confirmation of my review of the proceedings. He is a foe of progress.' Marquez's face was scowling with passion. A general springing from chairs followed, for Mrs. Delmar's sudden pallor gave way to a death like swoon. ' It is the heat, the close cabin. Gentle men, let us retire.' Ten minutes later, on the breezy deck, the lady was able to thank the governor through her anxious interpreters. ' Rouse yourself. Be brave now. Ho may suspect you understood his Spanish,' Wain- -wrigbt whispered as he fanned her. ' I leave to-morrow with his escort and permission to seta tlie prisoner. I'll save him or die.' The invalid was soon able to promenade the snowy quarter- deck, leaning on the arm of tho anxious guest of honor. It was but natural that the unuerved woman should ac- cept Goodloe's escort to the shore. Mr. Philip May, the mining partner, the commander, and the governor whiled the af:ernoon away in the cabin. Cigars and confi dence followed the celebrated punch, which sustained its ancient reputation. When his Excellency departed for the shore under Wainwright's escort, the circle had progressed far in a general plan to perfect an exploration of tho Yaqui lands.. 'These Americanos are rich, powerful. They know thosecretw of art. I I f Ionly dared to bring Pesquiera here, I might force him to show me the riches of tbcclosed-up region. I must think,—must think.' And the governor's! nodding head drowsily dropped on Jiis shoulder, as he gyrated to his carriage!. When Wainwright waved adieu to Good loe and Ma^-n'SCt day he resigned himself to the care of a. wild-eyed driver, who urged the travelling-carriage along after a half troop of lancc-rs:. the rear guard struggling after. Harry's last glimpse in Guayman was of Bligh and Halckmuller emestly orating to the governor on his portico. The long windows of Mrs. Delmar's house were darkened but one green blind was raised a moment. A kerchief fluttered : it was Dolores's farewell. While the cavalca.de climbed the sierra, the officer reviewed the hours of his last conference the preceding evening. As his head rested on the reclining cushions, he forgot the bishop's grave cautions, the careful plans of the circle of frieuds quietly assembled. He dismissed his official cares, his pretended explanation, and fell into a day dream slumber haunted by Dolores Pesquiera's smile. On for hours the train climbed, until the sierra was passed. Refreshed iu mind by rest, he gazed on the half-desert land, the mean villages, the scanty cultivation, and the savage scenery. Late on the second day he saw the walls of the old castle of Ures rise before him. Fields of maize, wheat, peas, and beans. alternated iu the winding river-bottom with tobacco, sugar-cane, and cotton. Thelineh-dftd pea- Bants, shawled women, ; dashing horsemen, wild muleteers, groaning or-wains, and long trains of pack-mules with tinkling bells iravc an air of romance to the stony road over which the mail-clad Spaniards had wearily marched in search of gold. Silent, cautious, wary of all, he noted gladly the old rohiantio town with tho royal escutcheons rudely graven on the mouldering castle arch-ways. A cracked bell was clanging from a once magnificent church,-now in the last stages of decay. The plaza wis silent, save for a few Indian women flitting ghost-like to vespers. A loitering crowd of the mean, stunted, ignorant populace followed his troops into' the court-yard. With profound respect, an officer of the guard ushered him into a guost-chamber overlooking the river. El Senor Castellan Alvarado was absent, but in an hour would return and pay his respects to the illustrious national guest, the comandante of the great war-vessel of the Norte Americanos. Wainwright despatched in silence a bountiful repast, and sought the comfort ofc a hammock. The call of the sentinel on the old walls lulled him to sleep. He woke with a start, to see a dark-eyed priest bending over Hun. Two whispered words told that the mysterious arm of the Church was over him. • <• In half an hour the castellan, the visitor, and the bishop's spy were at home over a bottle of mescal. A frank and loyal old soldin-, Alvarado was delighted when the padre offered the distinguished visitor his services as cicerone. ' I can offer you a little better than this soldier's fare, and will bring yoii over to breakfast .with'the castellan.' The rushing river lulled .Wainwright to his rest, and tho moonlight, streaming into his room, showed him afar tho crested sierras and the sparkling stars above them. 'To-morrow, to-morrow,' he murmured, ' Dolores's token shall unlock her father's heart." - It was with a beating heart that the sailor, next, day, followed the castellan through a vaulted stone corridor with double guards. ' I will go on before and announce yon to the prisoner. Ho is gloomy, and lias seen no one but our friend the padre. Alas, poor Pesquiera ! Tho court meets next week. I fear he will never go farther from here than to tho firing-ground on the old plaza. How many men have died on its cruel flag stones ! I will leave you here, Senor Comandanto,' said Alvarado, at the door. ' I cannot bear to appear as jailer before a man whom I have saluted -with my regiment and the national colors as our honored governor. His father gave me my first commission, and I hope the ignominy will be spared me of witnessing the son's execution by a platoon of my regiment. Ah, Mexico, ulihappy Mexico I —I will send the sentinel in on his halfhour rounds. You can stay as long as j'ou wish.' Wainwright entered the vaulted room where a beaded middle-aged mau stood moodily gazing on the river from a grated window. A straw pallet and a chair were the only articles of furniture in the coll. The captive governor turned dark wolfish eyes on the visitor, as the castellan's feet echoed iu retreat on the corridor. 'Who aro you? Speak!' the prisoner cried, gazing iu wonder at tho American's undress naval uniform. 'A friend who coineeto save you,' Wainwright answered. ' I know yoii not,' the prisoner sullenly said. ' You come fromGuymas.- from Marquez y Tho eyes read the young man's very soul. Wainwright, .without a word, placed the emerald ring in Pesquiera's hand. The tremuluous lips which kissed it faltered, ' Poor Dolores ! An orphan, alone, and in that villain's power !' He sank into the rude chair and sobbed. ' Guard yourself, my poor friend. Listen ! You shall be saved !' the sailor urged. ' Confide iumc.' Pesquiera sprang to the window ; with a meaning gesture he pointed to the plaza. ' Marquez shot my most faithful friends there. I covered my eyes. I hoard the crushing volleys. Poor child, Dolores !' ' Rouse yourself! be a man !' cried Wainwright. ' Beware the sentinel! Give me the ring back when you have seen its inscription. Save yourself for your daughter. Look at these!' The voting champion of Love placed the lines from Mrs. Dehnar and Bishop Dominguez in the prisoner's hand. > A gleam of hope lit up Pesquiera's face. In eager words Wainwright recounted the efforts to bring help near to him. A new life sprang up in the captive's heart. It was after one visit of the sentinel, who found the two talking placidly of the unexplored Yaqui land, that Mateo, the father, bent his head on his breast in thought. ' Be quick in decision,' urged Waiuwriirht. ' An accident might -ruiu all. This is'our one chance to make a plan. This villain's suspicions once aroused, ho might brin-r you to trial and execution. • 1 must go soon to disarm any spies. I have left my ship, for your daughter's sake, to save your life. My honor, my future, are in your hands. Would it not he well to treat with Marquez Pesquiera sadly said, ' He would verify the facts, seize the treasure, conquer a way to the mines, aud poison me iu prison. Pauline Delmar aud her child would be ruined. Dolores would be in his power, her birthright confiscated. Welcome death first! Here ; I will make all sure while I can.' The hollow eyed prisoner searched the straw of his pallet nervously. ' Here is the token of the Yaquis. Guard it with your life. It carries the pact of the idolators: it was on the altars of their- god. The chiefs swore their oath to Delmar. My father took it from his dead body. Padre Francisco kept it for me. I had sworn to throw-it into the river before goingout to face the rifles.' •Can I trust Francisco?' asked Wainwright, examining the token. It was a rude human figure, three inches in length, can ed from a single piece of the turquoise of the Colorado River. ' You can trust him in all. He was sent by the bishop to hear my dying confession. Then the words breathed in tho ear of God's messenger would reach alone my orphaned child through the grace of our h'oly Church. I held my secret, to the last. Give the token to Pauline Dehnar. The letters at San Francisco complete the protection of the two deposits aud the mine. All the Yaqui chief and higli-prie^ts know this. The idol, his feet still smeared with the stains of human blood, lies prone in the ruined temple at Culiacan, 11 but the oath aud pact are hnnded down by every high priest and chhif of the Yaquis. Listen, my friend. You r're young, brave true. You have life and love before you! Swear to me by the mother who bore you, by the God we worship, that you will guard my daughter's rights. Justice to the friends who have crossed a world to try to help a doomed man ! Protection to my child !' And Harry Wainwrighr bent his handsome head, and kissed a cross the eager father held out. ' Iswear,' he Slid, and a far faint glance of Dolores's tender eves seemed to shine on him, as the ripple of the 1 river alone broke the stillness. (To BB CONTINUED.) Mrs. Serooga—' I am writing' to ask the Browns to meet the Joneses here at dinner, and to the Joneses to meet the Browns. We owe them both an invitation, you kjiow.' Mr. Scrooge—' But I've heard they've just quarrelled, and don't speak!' Mrs. Scrooge —' I knolw. They'll both refuse, and we needn't giveadiuner party atall!'. The organ in St. Mary's, Edinburgh, was making a thundering noise one Sunday while the people filed out, aud little Albert Glen, who bad never been there before, wondered what all the noise was for. A bright idea struck him, and with an eager lodk in his face he turned to his mother, saying—' Oh ! mother, I was just wondering why the organ played so loud, but I see it is to waken the people, and tell them they may go home now !' 