[?] Colonel Dowdlo and Mrs Dn»ji lis Major Weesberg, conducted tho H balvation Army barracks last niVf > J P a large aLteudauce tu „olooma Thetl„ $ N Colonel, who is one of tho leaA„ lo"1- T'! I' ' almost since the founding 0f rh„ ! has boen only about three weeke inni8< Colonel Dowdle uraed his i rate themselves to Jesus, and to Co«« : from all etn. Snmo who had takl ,cles»iei < had fallen under the spoil of Sat ; prodigals would but roturn to J?' l' Ha r Father their sine would be hlotins " Boll the Holy Ghost make it kuo„7to 0t' ; were on the road to damnation unl„J ll"r ! ported. (Great enthusiasm was i 6?1" the soldiers in their fervent rcnn, ? ycd ll ' (iroval.) of ; Mr Dowdle read, with clear tnnG8 ami „ pmphoals, a chapter from tho RovaWi ; ing to, John, wheu banialu-d to thLT3,teIu Patmos, In whioh sho mado comment, ' 6| tory of. tho passages, aud on thoir he.,;,"11"' ?- present life, "fir bearing on , Major Wossberg gavo «„ account of a, 1 .mqeting in . Bendigo ou Tuesday evel ,!' ; which a great many came up to j, ,i « f -and he expected to. see as many convB,i.'?f' evening. Cob Dowdlo, in rin animated addrew a. , the great want of the preoont time Ha,' » He hoped the ministers of tho churc h be presenb at the meeting thi» oal1 ; Since ho arrived in Adelaide i : had the satisfaction of seeing tw«l» 1 1 -f dred come to tho poniteut fotm 1 . wanted their sympathy and prayers Ti j heard from the lesson read by his wife that i / s' saw people of all tongues around ihe thi whose robes wero washed in tho blood of T Lamb, and who bad come through great tifo ' lation. Wheu a man was redeemed fiom k ; sine, ho had beaveu in hie own breast n" s wanted every man and woman that evomntr i ' feel they were purified, and were not al».., " sin. The blood of Jeeus, who died in igeonmr f as they mighb do, on account of iu pnil| '' poWer. It was epilled on Calvaty for them u S: was sbed to tako all thoir sins away. But th were riot ail to got to heaven because jJ, > died ; they muBt havo His blood spread oelU conscience and their hearts. No matter guilty a man was, if bo camo to tho Sarionr and > sought for atonement, ho would receive il. oleaneiog virtue. Sin was not in tho ileeb, bat ' in the spirit, which must bo oleaused ftcm : all unrighteousness. . It was nonsenas talk of sin in the flesh, or of it being ia herited; A child might dirty her dreu and be forgiven, by. its mother, but the drees had to be washed. He evoked thorn to bring their orooked natures to tho throne, and eoek a clean, complete salvation for their hearts, Tbey couS receive a perfect calm if thoy but earne=tlr sought for it.',: There was peace and victory ii this if," they would let them not be kept back. He did riot think any porson would bo admitted to heaven- becadso he was a Methodist, a Bibb Christian, or a churchman who knew bis article I or bad his oortiBcaito. This would notdoau password. The true password for ' admittante f was " tiio blood of Christ." j Tho address of the Colonel was full of zeal, and animating-, vigour. His action nig appropriately impressive. It was noticeable ia ) -singing tbe hymns that he led off, and accom panied himself with : the violin. Tbe Eoldieu = joined with him in ringing voices. The'Rev E. Stoggall,' who went on the pial- - form, was asked to say a prayer, which ke did, : and touched In it up'bhi tho . Colonel's address. 