EXPOSING THE SPOOKS. I a 1 If. Hosking's Seance, Another. Exhibition at the Opera House. Mrs. Mellon's "Spirits" Appoar— Geordie HasNothlnp- to Say- Cissle Chats With the Audience— And Takes Mr. Nolld by the Hand-Josephine a Puzzlo. The notorious spooks Cissie, Goordie and Josephine held another most successful entorteinment last night at tho Opera House, and concluded thoir soasou at that place of amusement. The conditions wero similar to tne previous tests, xue nra. part of the entertainment consisted of vocal and instrumental contributions, tho por- formers being Mr. Edgar Strauss ('cello), Aliss Louie Galvin, Al. Henri Stuell, Air. Hallewell and Aliss Edith Aloore. Tho last-mentioned saug "Dear Heart" with such effect that she was recalled, and as an encore number added " Comiu' Thro' the Rye." Air. Hallewell and Miss Louie Galvin, besides contributing solos, rendered the famous singing lesson duet, and with such bucccss that a repeti tion was demanded. The first part of tho programme was cleared off without delay, and in the interval Mr. Hooking showed his 1 ability as a ventriloquist during a happy ton miliutos. Ho next produced some most presentable music from a small mouth organ, and manipulated tho usually hideous instrument in such an artistic fashion ras to win prolonged applause for his treatment of " The Old Folks at Home." Having got this far Air. Hosking invited the assistance of a com mittee from the audience, aud in response to his requost those who ceme forward to tee that "no deception wsb practised" were Mr. Penny man (private secretary to his Ex cellency the Governor), Mr. J. O. Neild, ex-M.L. A. , Air. T. S. Clibburn (secretary to the A.J. C.) and the Rev. Air. Colwell, A lady from the audience also consented to Menowln at tvi« fitwi nrt ninnliitiA AFfl n full view of everyone,- manufacture the black bag in which Air. Hosking had, to make assurance doubly sure, consented to envelop his body. The rev. gentleman of the committee kindly undertook to watch that the needle of tho machine played no pranks and left no IioIcb through which the arms or legs of thu operator might protrude. Air. Peuuyman retired with the "medium" to see him undress and redreBs himself in a suit in which there was no article of whito. Messrs. J. C. Neild and Mr. Clibborn put tho cabinet, constructed of a frame of piue, and covered with a single thickness of siiesis, on a black sheet, and minutely ex amined every nook and corner of the recess, and when all was in readiness to tie and bind the operator and seal him in tho chair Air. Pennyinan stepped forward. His announcement was a diversion that did not appear on tho programme, and a performance which the audience fully appreciated. Stepping to the footlights ho said; — "Ladies and gentlemen, 1 have much pleasure in tenifying that Mr. Hosking in my presence divoated himBelf of the whole of his clothing, and so far as I am aware has abaolutely nothing on." Ho paused. Tbe pause was awkward. The house roared, aud it was somo time before the gentleman could explain that he intended to conclude his romarks by saying that Air. Hosking had nothing. on except ing what the audience could see. The work of placing Air. Hoalting iu the cabinet was soonaccomplitned, and the lights, which wero burning dimly, were turnod np to let the people see that he was there. Then the man at the gas meter lowered the gas and the curtains were drawn to. Then followed soft music and the ghoitly appearances. A .mail, thinarin,cncated in a white sleeve, made same frantic movements in front of the curtain. A second later, as a head with a black beard appearod, the audienco unanimously brealliod "Geordie." After Geordio had retired a small patch of something intensely whito appeared at tho bottom of the cur tain, and almost simultaneously Cissie's little black familiar faco gazed out ou the audience. "Good-night everybody" mur mured Cissie, and, pausing for tho latigh to die away, inquired in a scared sort of voico whether anyone had brought along the chocolate creams. Cictic then asked Air. Henry not to grab her. She waited just long enough for thu merriment to subside, and then made a request that the lights should be turned up in order tiiat the peuplo could see her face. This being done Cissie showod hor black countenance fur a few seconds and disappeared into space. Just before tho lights were turnod up Cissie stretched out a long arm and shook hands with Air. Neild. Somo tambourine throwing now was followed by the boat "ghost " of the even ing. An unusual agitation at the fool of tho curtain showed a peculiar phosphores cent light which grew to a dense whiteness. Then gradually and deliberately the cur tains were drawn backhand there in tho cabinet stood the stately form of Josaphino with arms extended, and after showing some time lights were provided, and the com mitteo examined the knots and seal, &c.;, and found thorn all right. Mr. Alontaguo announced from tho stage that a few more entertainments of a similar character would bo given at the Centenary Hall. , 