AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. A mar on his trial for murder in New York was successfully defended by his counsel in the following grandiloquent Bpeech : — Gentlo- mon of tho jury : " Thou shalt not kill." Now, if you hang my client, you transgreBS tho command as sliok as grease, and as plump as a gooso's ogg in a loafer's faco. Gentle- men, murder is murder, whether committed by 12 jurymen or an humblo individual liko my client. Gontlomon, I do not deny tho foot of my client having killed a man. No such thing, gontlomon. You may bring the prisoner in guilty, tho hangman may do his duty — but will that excuso youl No, in that case you will bo murdorors. Who nmong you is prepared for tho brand of Cain to be stamped on bis brow to-day 1 — wbo, freomon 1 — wbo in this land of liberty and light! Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of you has a bowio knife. No, gon tlomon, your poakcts aro odoriforous with tho fumes of cigars and tobacco. You can smoke tho tobacco of rectitude in tho pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my unfor- tunato client and tho scaly alligators of remorso will gallop through tho internal principles of your animal viBccra until tho spinal vertebrae of yonr anatomical con struction is turned into a gigantic railroad for tho grim und gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen, beware of committing murder. Beware, I say, of meddling with tho Eternal prerogative. Gentlemen, I adjure you, by manumitted ghost of temporary sanctity, to do no murdor. I adjure yon by the name of woman, the mainspring of the tioking time piece of time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. I adjure you by tho American eagle that whipped tho universal gamecock of creation, and is now roosting in the magnetic telegraph of time's illustrious trans migration, to do no murder. And, lastly, if you over expect free dogs not to bark at you, if you over expect to wear boots made of tho free hide of the Rocky Mountain buffalo, and, to sum up all, if you over expect to bo anything but Bneuking, law-flung, rascally, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down into indiatinctibility, acquit my client, and save your country. Tho prisoner was acquitted. 