ART Mr. Godfrey Rivers's Trip to Europe. VISIT TO ENGLISH STUDIOS. Mr. Godfrey Rivers, who has recently returned to Brisbane after a trip to Europe, was last week welcomed back at a special meeting of the Queensland Art Society, of which body he is president. In responding to the words of wel- come extended to him Mr. Rivers gave an out- line of his journeyings and observations. His trip, he said, though a short one, had been very pleasant. He reached England at the beginning of December, and, of course, left again without having an opportunity of seeing any exhibitions, but he had enjoyed visiting a number of the studios and viewing the work in hand for the next academy. He found the artists very kind and generally sympathetic, and they bad evinced genuine pleasure in showing him what was interesting and in- structive. He visited the studios of Sir Frede- rick Leighton, P.R.A., Alma-Tadema, R.A., Thomas Brock, R.A. (sculptor), Stacy Marks, R.A., Colin Hunter, R.A., Frank Dicksee, R.A., Herbert Dicksee, R.A., Professor Alphonse Le Gros (his old professor), besides others, in- cluding those of men whose work might perhaps be equal to some of tbe best, but whose names have yet to become famous. Mr. Rivers was particularly struck with the fact that the impressionist style is dying out and more careful work coming in. Better subjects are being chosen, more serious work is being done, and artists are applying themselves to painting more carefully. In the studio of Alma-Tadema he saw the picture which that artist hopes to have ready for this year's academy, representing a Flower Festival. It depicts a grand staircase with a large company descending laden with flowers; the background is filled with figures sending floral showers on those below, every flower, although so tiny, so elaborately painted that it is easy to discern what it represents. The studio of this master is an immense place, con- structed of marble, with a silvered dome. A remarkable feature was the effect wrought by a marble window in a recese, where thin sheets of this material are used in place of glass, the veins of the marble giving a very curious and beautiful effect. Mr. Rivers believes this idea is derived from ancient Egypt. This was altogether a remarkable and magnificent house. One enters almost immediately upon a garden, beautiful even in winter; further on there is a staircase, containing perhaps eighteen wide steps, constructed entirely of brass; then a conservatory, succeeded by an ante-room— the most beautiful item in this extraordinary place. The anteroom is panelled, 3ft. or 4ft. high by about 1ft. broad; on each is the work of a well-known artist. The ante-room opened upon the studio of Mrs. Tadema, in dark oak. It was unfortu- nate that this lady had just then no work in hand. Her execution is very beautiful, her subjects being chiefly children. Apparently this studio is used as a sitting-room, and leading out of it is a Pompeiian bath and fountain, giving an exquisite peep from the studio. Next in order oame the studio of the honoured president of the Royal Academy, Sir Frederick Leighton, also magnificent while not eccentric. There was other difference in the two studios. That of Alma-Tadema presented everything to excite admiration and wonder, while the absence of working materials was most singular; Sir Frederick Leighton's on the contrary wore the appearance of being the man's workshop, his paraphernalia lying about as though he had but just risen from his work. The owner manifested a live interest in art in Australia, its education, exhibitions, and societies. He showed Mr. Rivers his sketches, explaining the different plans upon which he worked. The three principal pictures upon which he is engaged are intended for the May Exhibition, the largest, suggesting the title of "The Daughter of Snow," represents a solitary female figure in white drapery on a rock, about which the drapery falls. In the distance there are snowy peaks lighted up by the early morning sun. A great contract to this picture is "A Summer Siesta," the figure of a beautiful girl asleep on a warm day on the edge of a marble well, a number of white doves dozing in the background, and all around emblems of silence and sleep. The third picture, "The Oracle," is an effect in white and silver—a female figure in white drapery on a silver seat, having beside her a silver brazier, with a gray marble background. The flesh tints shown up admirably by the white and silver—a masterly execution of difficult work. Sir Frederick has a smaller studio of glass, in which he makes his studies of drapery on brown paper with black and white chalk, the brown paper giving the half-tones. He makes a number of these small studies, and finally chooses one from which the picture is made, the pattern of the drapery being often painted from a small piece of the material held in the left hand, showing the wonderful power of this artist in perspective. The methods adopted by Sir Frederick Leighton in arranging his drapery, and the manner in which the effect of disturbance by the wind is obtained and scoured, was interestingly set forth by Mr. Rivers, and evoked many questions and much discussion. In Mr. Frank Dicksee's studio was observed the work he had in preparation for the next academy—"Memories"—a young wife at a piano, the husband seated in the background, and behind the pianiste the ghost of memories raised by the music; a beautiful effect of the light from the piano candle falling upon the face of the player was noticed as well as some details in the progress of Mr. Dicksee's work. The studio of Professor Le Gros presented a great contrast to some which had gone before in the utter absence of luxurious appointments. It was not ornamented save by the work of its tenant, who was preparing for an exhibition of his own productions. He was described as a great and rapid etcher, in whose work was marked character. In his paintings the success which had attended his endeavour to portray the mist that rises at the setting of the sun was observed. Here Mr. Rivers embraced the opportunity of doing some work under the professor's guidance, profiting by his ripe ex- perience, and later gave some study to the art of printing etchings at the establishment of Mr. Golding. From Mr. Herbert Dicksee, another etcher, Mr. Rivers received a number of pictures, which he invited his friends to examine, together with some mementoes of the studio of Sir Frederick Leighton. The speaker had found Mr. Stacy Marks surrounded by his works which had just been on exhibition. Every descrip- tion of bird appeared to be represented with that skill and humour for which this artist is famous. Mr. Marks will be remembered as the painter of "The Stocks' Convention." Mr. George Gascoyne, the great animal painter, was found preparing for the academy a picture of a team of horses at plough—about life-size. The fact that the team is in the act of turning alone saves the picture from prohibitive dimen- sions. Details of the work of J. P. Beadle, the military painter (a son of General Beadle) were referred to, and it was remarked that this artist derived great advantage from sketching his identical subjects, the soldiers themselves, for whom ordinary models cannot successfully sit. The studio of Mr. Brock, the eminent sculptor, suggested the great progress which this branch of art is making in England, where the antique is now becoming so much more nearly approached. After a few words upon his visit to Italy, in cluding a ten days' stay in Rome, Mr. Rivers stated that several English artists had advo- cated an exhibition of etchings in Brisbane, and it seemed that this class of pictures lends itself conveniently to such a project, as the etchings would pack closely, and thus reduce the cost of freight to and from Brisbane to a minimum. Such an exhibition would show what was being done in England at the present time, and afford inspiration to local artists. Good men would send their work, and a great treat would be extended to lovers of art. Mr. Rivers said that a general interest was exhibited by all the men in matters artistic in Australia. Every one was astonished at learning that here we had no national gallery, appreciating the danger of local artists falling into one stereotyped style from the lack of ideals. H.M.S. CRESCENT THE NEW AUSTRALIAN FLAGSHIP. 