THE NEW TRIPLE ALLIANCE. TIE attention of Europe is now being directed to the attitude adopted by the three great Powers which have so much to do with the peace of the world--Russia, Germany, and Aus tria. The delirious excitoment exhli bited by the French .).eople over the officers and men of the Russian squad ron which recently visited their shores has hardly calmed do n before Rus sia acts in a manner which shows that she is not inclined to devote all her at tention to France only. Indeed, her conduct is of a kind which,' though it ought not to cause irritation in Paris, will, in the sensitive condition of the French mind, undoubtedly have that effeet??, And yet, so far as is known, thero is nothing inimical to France in the arrangements now in progress for' the conclusion of commercial treaties between those three great ]Empires, They are neighbours to each other, and it would be well. for them all if they could live together in unity, There is muoh in common be tween the three, for even in Russia and Austria the predominant military caste is largely Toutonic in blood airl sentiment, Theor can be no doubt that if the endeavours being made to promote a good undorstand. ing between them, commercially speaking, are suooossful, such a result will have a considerable effeot upon their political relations. With a now triple alliance formed, and Italy doe pendent upon it as a friendly but poor relation, Britain would be free to pursue her independent course of action with the "silvor streak " of sea to separate her to a con sidorablo extent from the troubles whioh porplex the continent of Europe, Such an attitude of in dependence, however, would not suit her lively neighbour aoross the chan noel, who has territory to protect con tiguonus to the Italian, German, and Bolgian frontiors, Isolation in Europe is not what France wants, and the negotiations now in progress between the CIiar and the two Kaisors will, tihereforo, be regarded with the ut most interost by the Government of the Ropublio, From 'a statomont whichl recently appeared in a Frankfort papor it is very plain that the notion of Russia is the direooCt outcome of the recent in oreasneo by Franoce of the duty on imported grain., It is stated that the former country definitoly informed the Fronoch Government thlat if her grain trfado woro dernnged by the alteration in the Fronoh tariff sihe would oxoralso her right to torminate the treaty of commerce betwoon *the two countries, !To this the French Goe vernment replied that it must tako into account the proevalont fooling in France in favour of an inoronease of the grain duties, The Ministry evidently considered it had to make a choice in the matter, and accordingly chose to carry out a domestic policy which it considoroed inovitable, oeen at the cost of offend' ing a prospective ally. The answer of Russia has been prompt and unmis takable. She has cometo terms with Germany, and is about to conclude a commercial treaty with Austria on terms similar to those which have been arranged with the Fatherland. Whether this good understand ing between the three Empires will, as is believed in some quarters, have the effect of bringing aboutageneral disarmament in Europe remains, however, to be seen. It is absurd to expect that'.the nations will all at once turn'their swords into ploughshares and their spears into pruning hooks even though freedom of trade should bo established between them. If Freetrade and peace went always hand in hand Britain would not have to support the great army she possesses, or have occasion to make fresh and costly additions to her already enormous fleet. If Pirotec tion meant conflict the United States would have to provide an army and navyfar greater than shenowmaintains. The new commercial arrangements between the three empires will not solve these great ethnological and territorial probl4ms which have had the effect, times without number, of completely obliterating all questions of profit and loss in the calculations of the people of Eastern Europe. If the tripartite commercial agreement be firmly concluded questions will'imme diately arise as to the empire which should be regarded as the mostpower ful of the three. Germany and Austria may trust each other to act fairly, but will Russia be satisfied to see Austria as the official assignee of the sick man when he gives up the ghost? If commercial agreement is made but a cloak to cover territorial aggrandisement which of the three parties to it is to be tacitly regarded as the one wh6 is to have a free hand as the chief robber ? Doubtless, alth'ough the release of thousands of men from military ser vitude must in the long run be a blessing to the world, yet the imme diate resule of a disarmament on any thing like a large scale would be severely felt in the first instance. There is a general ory'regarding over production everywhere, and the dis banding of large bodies of military men would undoubtedly cause at first an ag gravation of the evil about which there is so general a complaint. The trouble caused by lack of employment is so common throughout the world that the immediate effect of the re duction of militarism would give rise to an exceedingly great and bitter cry. It must also be remembered that in the hosts maintained by European nations there are thousands of men who make excellent soldiers, but who, after long experience in camps and barraoks, would be ill-fitted. to face the competition of civilised life. Soldiering as a trade has its drawbacks, but 'the warrior, if the commissariat oficer acts in any way fairly to him, lis 'always certain of his rations, and" hii clothing is sure, Rough as the life lniust be to the private soldier in Eastern Europe, it is probably not" rougher than that which has to be 'led by the population which furnished :him as food for powder. The result of anything like a general disarmament and release of the men for entrance into civilian life may'be faintly imagined from a perusal of the estimates of the armies" of the threoe iations referred to. Russia's military strength in a time of peace is set down at over 1,000,000 ofiocers and men,.150,000 horsese, and 2200 guns. Austria's strength on a peace footing is over 319,000 officers and men, 65,000 horses, and 1000 guans, Germany's peace strength is over 600,000 offiRoers and moi?, 120,000 horses, and 3000 guns.- A large re duction in the soldiering trade such as that contemplated would thus have a most material effect upon the industrial conditions of those countries, and force thousands of officers and men to voice OrnuLro's' complaint regarding the loss of occupation, Doubtless, not a small number of them would resort at first to conduct of a militantand prodatory charactor, and thus give employment to not a few of their former comrades in the duty of looking iafter them, 'But in the course of time the veterans of these armies would become absorbed in the general popu lation, oven as young soldiers who have passed through their term of service now are, The Government of Russia probably.hopes to gain more by peace than by war, and the in teresting question to which the Euro pean nations are desirous of having an answer is-What price is proposed to be paid for a general disarmament and the reign of peace ? 