A COALBAGGIE MYSTERY. ABOUT three years ago, Peter Stein, a hard-headed, practical, frugal German, sold property he possessed in the Wagga district, and with his family came to Dubbo in search of land. He and his son Jacob, a man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the Coalbaggie. The selections are on the South Balladoran run, and rather isolated. Jacob's selection is on the southern part of the run, and there was when it was taken an old hut upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. He had been reared by the Steins, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them and they to him. Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the erection of a commodious residence on his land, about three miles away. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled -the father and family in their new house, and Jacob in his hut-than they heard strange voices, loud cooeying, and awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travel- lers or homeward proceeding selectors, more merry than sensible, they took little notice of them. These sounds were only heard at intervals-a fort- night or three weeks intervening between their occurrence. They, how- ever, took place so regularly-for they were heard at one time at Jacob Stein's and again at the father's-that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night hideous with their noises, was given up. About 18 months ago, there were further developments, and, accord- ing to the family, strange manifesta- tions. The furniture in Peter Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on one occasion the crash of the crockery was something decidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was baking in the kitchen one day, and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it over on the floor. These things, or akin to them, have kept on from then till now, but with the further development that the person responsible- whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned-has frequently inter- viewed and has had conversations with the several members of the family. Evidently the presence is not of the regular type, for it does not wait till the "witching hour when the grave- yards yawn, and ghosts troop forth," but comes along in broad daylight, and talks to the family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor has said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother, who was named Annie, and his sister, who was called Julia, were burnt to death on the South Balladoran run,-that his father died in the Cootamundra Hospital 18 years ago, that he (the speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead upon the road, that he had been saved, and had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the eldest Stein, he replied that if he did those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According to the Steins-and all from the father to the youngest child tell the same unvarnished tale-the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as softly as a woman -indeed it would be difficult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming-although the Steins cannot see it, they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fort- night ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kinds of pranks. It cast tomahawks and knives about, with the grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. One night, while the family were en- gaged reciting the Rosary-they are Roman Catholics and retain the simple devotional habits of Rhineland-the table round which they knelt was suddenly lifted towards the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So annoying have been the manifestations that Daley, the young man who came from Wagga with the Steins, has left the place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, has also left, saying that if he were given the selection he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly mysterious, but, however, the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of the family thoroughly believes what he tells. Mrs. Stein, who is an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is as convinced as she is of her existence that the place is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's request, the Very Rev. Father Byrne visited the selection and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he investigated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry should take place. Dubbo Despatch, A station-indicator is being tried on I the District Bail way. Aa soon aa & station is passed a cylinder in a glass case in the roof of the carriage re- volves, showing the name of the next station. Novel hotel ad. from the Mount Brown paper, most valuable as showing the popularity of Mr. Sleath in the back country :-" To the Workers.-I, Alexander Mair, proprietor of the Warratta Hotel, qn the road between Milparinka and Tibooburra, promise to convey (should be require it)?" Mr. Richard Sleath, Labor .candidate for; the Wilcannia electorate at the forth- coming general election, on bia next visit all through the Milparinka, Tibooburra, and Mount Brown dis- tricts free gratis for nothing.--(Signed) ALEXAHDKB MUIR, Warratta Hotel" Kip and calfskin just unpacked Prest and Hocking, t 