#ail ^eto0. ODB, LONDON LETTEE. \- ^ - ? - [From our Sneoial CorresDdndent.1 London. October 5. 1894. Mr. Gladstone has settled down to literary' pursuitB at Hawarden, and according to the testimony of visitors seams as b'JBy and as wholly wrapped up in his new life as he was in the old. Politics have been cheerily rele gated to the limbo of the past. All letters save those from intimate personal friends are now opened and read by Mr. Herbert Glad __ stone, who has invented a series of litho graphed replies which enable him both to deal with the correspondence speedily and to choke off the autograph fiend. In times to come there can be little doubt that the *' Passing of Gladstone' will excite much curious comment. It'proves conclusively that no great leader is eo great that his party cannot — if compelled to — get along without him. The well-known American, Channcey M. Depew, in the course of Bonie shrewd observations on a recent trip home, stuns up the situation very neatly. He says : — ' Mr. Gladstone was the central figure in public life of Great Britain a year ago. Upon him and him alone depended the Government and its fate. His friends feared that hie retirement meant the defeat) of their party, and his enemies believed that if he was eliminated the Liberal programme would fall and the Conservatives return for a long lease of .power. The terror on one Bide and the hilarious hopefulness on the other at the pos sible death or disability of the Grand Old Man have been for a long time the peculiar and prominent element) of English politics. He suddenly announced ids resignation and ap pointed his successor. Like a strong ship stag gering mader the blow of a tidal wave, the great party he had eo long and triumphantly led trembled in every fibre with the pangs of dis memberment, and then shaking off the waters and breasting the storm continued its voyage ?with its freightage of the progress and demo cratic development of the country. Gladstone in a week became history. Philosophic reflec tions and theological speculations are the 'occupation and amusement of his declining years ; but the party has swept past him, and he has lost sight of the party. A noble memory among the leaders of men, a splendid life crowned with the love and admiration of the -world, ita sunset reflects *fl the glorious light of ite meridian.'_ JtUO XlOgCUJ Ul .UUV7 IS VU13 OCS1MU &U; WWWU and garret. Disease and death enter as easily into the chamber of the king as into the poverty-stricken bedroom of the casual laborer. The Czar of all the Rueeias is to most people a being beyond the human pale. It is only now snd then that the world gets a peep at his domestic affairs and is able for a moment to grasp the fact that, mighty as he is, the Czar is Very human after all. The monarch of the Slavs is at this moment torn with the anguish x-f that terrible affliction known as Bright's disease, and a pathetic little story ia told of how his paternal affection accentuated the malady. His second and favorite sod, the Grand Duke George, has long been in delicate health, and recently the physicians pronounced him to be in advanced consumption. .Wnitet the Czar lay ill at Spala be called for his son 'many times, but the .Empress, fearing that her Eon might suffer grievous injury by being called from warmer latitudes so late in the autumn, en deavored to persuade her husband to let him remain in the south. He would have done so, but the young man heard of his father's ill ness and his desire to see him, so hastened to Spala in spite of warnings. During the first night of the Grand Duke's residence there, when the Empress had retired to rest for a couple of hours as has been her custom whilst cursing the Czar, the latter rose from bis bed, dressed in haste, and accom panied by his protesting vafet, went to his bod's room. He watched by the side of the Bleeping youth for some time, noting the hectic flush .on the pallid cheek and the other terribly significant signs of the disease upon the sleeper. He then returned to his room, and when the Empress returned from her brief rest she found him weeping bitterly. A very severe cold was the result of this night excur sion, and this chill seriously aggravated the monarch's illness. His lite is now banging by a few threads. Unfortunately for himself he possesses a large contempt for the medical fraternity, and it is only by subterfuge tbatfeis family can get him to see physicians. When Professor Zakharin visited the Czar for the first time the Emperor supposed that he had really visited Spala for the purpose of attend ing to Count Worontoff , and whea further ad vice was necessary General Geurko professed himself in so sorry a plight that be felt it necessary to send to Vienna for the famous Berlin doctor, Herr Leyden. The lateer re garded his Imperial patient's condition as very serious, but Zakharin, probably for the Em press's sake, took a more favorable view of the case, though he, like his eminent confrere, diagnosed one illness as Brightfs disease. *' A fresh darn on the original blue stocking' is the GenUewoman's prize definition of our up to-date nuisance, 'The New Woman.*' I think, however, I prefer that which denomi nates her ' Sex of one and half-a- dozen of the other.' 'Man's newest) and best reason for remaining emgle, ' and 'A creature of opinions decided and skirts divided,' or 'Madam become Adam,' are also not bad ; bat '' The unsexed section of her sex' and 'Mannishnees minus manliness' one rejects as over-cruel altogether. The present being the dull season the news papers are opening their columns to discussions on subjects of a domestic character. Thus our hearts have been wrong with the woes of dis tressed families reduced to the melancholy necessity of existingon a trifle of £4,600 a year, which left them at the end of the year vrith a nice overdraft of £609 and a charge for in terest. When a woman of this class, who con fesses to Bpending £500 a year on dress and £150 on novels and magazines, while her hus band spends £400 on his annual shooting, to say nothing of a Continental tour, ap peals piteously through a newspaper for advice as to how to save, one feels inclined, in a sudden gush of self sacrificing sympathy, to offer magnanimously to take half the amount of income off her hands. Another subject around which a fierce controversy is raging is the question of the promise of obedience to her husband made by the woman in the Anglican marriage service. The New Woman having discarded long skirfcB and stays and other macks of feminine subjec tion, her unsatisfied soul is reaching out into unknown realms of individual freedom, and the marriage vow of obedience will be the nest thing to go with long skirts, and crinolines, and chignons and other remnants of a state of degradation and slavery. In this connection also ic is a singular sign of the times chat the time-honored religious pre cepts and commands which used to have bo strong a hold on the minds of our foremothers seem to have lost their influence. The Divine command given to Eve after the Fall is rele gated by the New Woman to the region of ancient fable ; even the Apostle Paul is re garded as a crusty old baohelor, whose teach ings are not ' up to date.' It will be a sur prise to many to learn that in the marriage ceremony of the Roman Catholic Church there is no allusion to any word of obedience, but on the other hand the bride is supposed to receive a guinea or more, according to the means and liberality of the bridegroom. Is this a relic of the old bar barous custom, when a man bought his wife at a stated price and could sell her again with a halter round her neck in the open market ? As to what the ' New Woman' is likelv to sain bv -the change for which her soul longs, 'A Catholic Husband ' makeB the following tren chant and ' brutally frank ' comments in the ' J)aily Telegraph: — 'Amongst all the thousands who flout their ' yellow asters' in oar faces, end for all the hundreds who make the eye eight sore with their 'green carnations3 how pmany are there who ever turn to * sesame and (lilies' for an antidote to the pestilential poison of modern pessimism? How far, may I ask, does the ' new woman3 attain, or attempt to Attain, the ideal standard of the lovely heroine walking in her queen's garden among the flowers that only grew there because ehe is beautiful and good? Will she -ever be the 'domina' or 'house lady' t*s opposed to the 'domirrus' or 'house* iord 'i Will she ever be the ' bread-giver1 or ? loaf -giver' as opposed to the ' maintainer of Jaws,9 when she goes about the world whim pering and whining, grumbling and griseling, 'because nature has ordered tnat men shall be men, and women shall be women, and because the laws of nature cannot be controverted in fiavor of a fad ? Will she ever be, not man's ^footstool or slave, cot man's mere personal pro perty and {chattel, but man's helpmeet, man's counsellor, tnan'egnide, corrector and comforter, the better half of a good man's life, theeoul of a brave man's soul, when she goes careering 'about, glorying in her offensive immodesty, -execrating xkgf natural gifts and transcendent equalities thfit have been bestowed upon her, an epicene creature, half man and half woman, a vulgar monstrosity dressed like a stable bay with the manners of aa ostler, a prig in petticoats, or a bore on a bicycle, divided from man in skirt and senti ? inent, a creature that men are bound to tole rate, but have well nigh ceased to respect? We don't want to 'exact slavish obedience from our wives or women-kind, but to revive in' them the beauty, the modesty, the courage, the power, and the loveliness of life that they appear to put aside with so .much insolence and swagger; sneering at virtue, and loathing the priceless gift of maternity.' It is perhaps just as well that the writer of the above has protected himself under an anonymous signature. Bat the severe questions he puts demand an answer from the restless half - hysterical 'new woman,' who is rapidly achieving sextual independence at the cose of all that makes a woman worthy of the love and esteem of men. Corameating on the above the Westminster Gazette says: — Now at last the new woman is done with. There is a letter in the Daily SCelegraph which advises her to become a .Catholic. To-HSorrow someone else will advise her to_ stick to Protestantism, then someone else will represent vegetarianism as her only weal ; and by the time that a few hundred people have written the letters we know so well — one could foretell almost every word of them — the new woman will be fly-blown and vulgarised beyond expression. She will be a stook incident of the music-halls, like drunken husbands and ' out-for-the- nighty' people. Before the burglar uses his boots — 'those ironshod correctors of my wife'— he will call her New, with hundreds of cheap jests at her age. We willseeanew ' 'Arriett,'1 a new 'Mrs. 'Awkins,' and possibly Tarara boom-de-ay will be revived in her honor. In a word the wbole business is exploded, and the new woman will not only be as dry as Hazlitt's famous biscuit, but as nauseous with the nauseousuess of datum teration, and for this we are mighty thankful. Jabez Spencer Balfour is still in Argentina — and likely to remain there it seems. Accord ing to Dr. Valera, the counsel who has taken over the Liberator's defence, Jabez'a extradi tion would be illegal on the ground that the demand for his surrender was made five days before the Extradition Treaty with Great Britain had become operative; also because in the treaty there is no retroactive clause. . Farther, the learned gentleman contends that the documents presented by the British Legation in support of the case were insuffi cient according 'co Argentine law, which, be it remarked, seems to be a peculiarly elastic quantity. Jabez's appeal against the Salta judge's mandate for his extradition will be heard to-day before the Supreme Court. Since the last trial at Salta the great swindler has been writing letters to friends at home. He has written bo many and of such varied tenor that the suspicion is abroad that some one out in Argentine has taken the role of literary ghost to 'The Skipper.' In the Leader the other day there was a piquant letter purporting to come from Jabez. In this Balfour is alleged . to speak of the syste matic persecution by which he has been pursued, and to declare most positively that it will all recoil sooner or later upon those who save instigated it. Very earnestly, it is stated, be repudiates many of the charges levelled against him, and he is re ported to emphatically declare that many of nis erstwhile political friends will have cause to grievously regret his extradition and trial in England. He will not spare them in any way, and asserts that 'everythingahall come out.' He farther remarks that he will be able to prove conclusively that more than one person against whom not a breath of suspicion has yet been directed knew where much of the money went. These names, when he divulges them, will, says Jabez, create a sensation from John o' Groat's to Land's End. Farther, his disclosures may have the effect of upsetting many a 'nice little political move.' tSuch is the Bubstanee of the latest note attributed to the 'citizen of Argentina.' Bub there are doubts as to its genuineness. One can, nay, one must believe now that strong influences have been and are at work in high circles here to prevent the trial of Jabez Balfour in England. That in such case many men who now walk the streets with head up and whose names are honored in their native places would be scorned of upright men has long been accepted as true. The Liberator net was very wide, we know well, but only Jabez can tell us what sort of fish he managed to get in the ' npper circles' of politics and society. The absurd fuss in Liverpool over the Lord Mayor's action in asking his chaplain (Mr. Armstrong) to say grace at the recent lnnoh to the Duke and Duchess of York instead of the bishop of the diocese reminds one that the 'good old town' has from time immemorial been remarkable for its sound evangelical hatred of dissenters in - general and Unitarians in particular. This is the more remarkable as ttie families who have for gene rations done a great deal of public-spirited work in Liverpool, the Holts, the Mollys, and the Katfabones are all Unitarians. It was for. years one of the bishop's bitterest crosses thafr the {dace of honor in the Hospital Sunday list of collections was taken, not by any of his large and fashionable churches, but by the Benshaw-sEreet Unitarian Chape). Dr. Ryle has also groaned in spirit in other ways latterly, for Unitarians have now held office as Lord Mayors of Liverpool tor two years in succession, and it seems pain fully probable a third will be elected next month.' A few perhaps remember the famous duel between the Church and the Unitarians in Liverpool in 1827. Night after night for weeks the Hope Hall was filled with excited attdsence3 listening to the denunciations of Churchmen assailing three young Unitarian ministers who sat in what was called the 'condemned pew.' When, however, their turn at last came to reply they created an im mense sensation, and well they might. In Jater years two of them became world-famous — Dr. Martineau in England, said Dr. Charming in America — whilst Mr. Thorn (who died the other day at a exeat ace) lived to be as much respected bv local Churchmen as by his own congregation. Nor was the debate without softening and humanising influences even at the time: Churchmen learnt with unaffected surprise that Unitarians can sing 'In the cross of Christ I glory' just as loudly as themselves. If indeed it were not for firebrands sectarian differences would long have ceased to cause evil-speaking and heartburnings. There is a mine in Mexico which is abso lutely unique as to the principle on which it is operated. It is cot worked for the benefit of shareholders, nor does it provide guineas for two-legged *' pigs.' ? The mine is worked 'for the good of the Lord ' and the coffers of the Salvation Army. At least this is so if we may place reliance on the news columns of the Mexican Financier. This journal stataB that a sold mine is being worked in the land of Montezuma (exact locality not stated) by sixteen fully qualified privates in the ' General's' army, who turn out every week a very fair quantity of good ore. The profits of the mine, after payment of expenses, go to the Salvation Army treasury, which, be it said, seems to absorb a very large amount of tfie mammon of unrighteousness. What has become of James William Wood, 'King Solomon,' who was once in Adelaide? His temple at Brighton is now Salvation Army property. But the 'Army of the Lord' is no more, and its leader methinks is still awaiting revelations from on high inside one of her Majesty's prisons. I have a recol lection that he was convicted of bigamy a year or so ago, but cannot call to mind the nature of his sentence. Why should I refer to this matter ? you ask. WeU, yesterday coming up to town I picked np in the train an article, evidently torn out of some magazine, en titled 'A Scattered Sect,' and found it to be a most interesting narrative of 'King Solomon's' campaign at Brighton from the year 1887 to the break up of the sect. The writer, Mr. H. V. Brown, was evidently well acquainted wish 'King Solomon' and his army, and he shows for the first time why the move ment failed to live. Wood lacked the leading capacity for one thing, but the cause of the fatal mutiny was a dead baby, as you shall see hereafter. Wood, as yon know, came from Mel bourne in 1887. He was not in orders, but his Australian fame as a preacher preceded him, and he was taken up by people who held to the literal interpretation of Scriptural phrases such as 'The Lord shall heal thine infirmities.' London was his first field, bat the hubbub of the metropolis was too much for him to make himself heard, so be went to Brighton. According to 'King Solomon,' this move to the seaside was the result of a vision, in which the Lord told him to go to Brighton and await a second vision as to the new revelation which he was destined to receive and announce to the world. He did not know, he said at the time, what he was re quired to do, but obeyed the heavenly in junction. The formation of the ' Army of the Lord' was the sequel. When he first went to London-super-Mare Wood conducted a series of faith ? healing services in one of the rooms of the Royal- Pavi lion, services which Mr. Brown says were largely attended by the wealthy and by the sick and suffering. The cures 'that were said to be effected by faith and the laying on of hands created some considerable sensation, and a well-to-do merchant of the town became patron of the preacher. His aegis gave Wood a locus standi with the local Nonconformists, and speedily he gathered round him a phalanx of friends and followers. Shortly after a building was commenced in Edward- street. This became famous afterwards as the 'Sane* tuary of Jehovah.' The funds for its construction were, as the subsequent bankruptcy proceedings showed, pro vided by a lady of wealth and strong religious feelings. Thus the new sect 'The Army of the Lord' with Mr. Wood, now named 'King Solomon,' at its head, became established it was hoped in a permanent habitation. Its success in point of numbers was remarkable. The 'new revelations' which 'King Solomon' was declaring were noised abroad, religious enthusiasts flocked to Brighton to see for themselves if all they heard were true, and a considerable number of these strangers sold up their homes and with their wives and families threw in their lot with the ' Army' taking up their abode in the houses rented by Wood in the neighborhood of the Sanctuary. At one time the number of 'King Solomon's' followers exceeded 300. Most of these had not given up everything they possessed to the army or forsaken the world entirely, bnt were simply followers of Wood in the manner of members of other religious communities- Those who gave up everything to follow the army were no longer known by their former, names. They became variously King David, King Saul, Queen Esther, Queen of Sheba, Faithful Abraham, Brother Isaac, &c.; The names were conferred by a woman who was called the ' Prophetess of Israel.' Her nomenclature was not always Biblical, for in the army there were a King Alfred, a Queen Victory, and a Kin? Gatrate. The dress of the army was severely simple at first, pretty much after the Salvation Army style, bue gradually the most wonderful vagaries were introduced. 'Kinc Solomon' gave op his original scarlet flannel jersey for a magnificent robe of purpleand gold* Mr. Brown. Bays of JUan-P. Jittered so the old man looked quite imposing with his long iron-grey beard, his fine .black eyes, and his not undignified presence. He could scarcely be described as an educated man. He seemed to have little acquaintance with cur rent thought, and his pronunciation was not perfect. But he had fire. He was what I may be allowed to call a powerful natural preacher. He had the Bible at his fingers' ends, and could pour out quotations from it endlessly. I have seen him rouse his people to a perfectly amazing pitch of enthusiasm. His power over his followers seemed to be absolute. More than once I have seen men and women rush from their seats while he was preaching and jump into the 'golden circle' (a raised enclosure before the crimson mantled- preaching dais) and dance there like mad folk.' People who took an interest in Wood's work were sometimes favored with curious epistles from him. Mr. Brown quotes one of the dozens he himself received. It ran : — '21 Dedah,2B.M. ' Instructions for King Pereagah. — It is the will of Jehovah that thou go and see Mr. Brown and tell him that the Lord has sent thee to warn him for the last time, and give him Eev. 21-8. ' King Solomon. 'Confirmed — King Bereaoeah.' The greatest bane of the army eras, says Mr. Brown, its whimsicality. It was always ab sorbed in some new freak. When it had no new toy on hand in the way of dress, or names, or deportment, the prophets 'and prophetesses were having rows amongst themselves. Of real evangelistic work there was none. Rules and regulations were made to suit the hour and the moods of the leaders, and hence the . chaotic sbafee in which the army began con tinued till the final smash. Money appeared to be plentiful with the sect, and of en thusiasm there was a plenteous supply. The only thing needed to make the movement a more or less permanent tuocess was a stronfr man at the head. But the General Booth was lacking. The credulity of 'Solomon's' followers was simply astonish ing. Wood had only to make a statement and his Kings and Queens and Faithfuls believed, no matteHiow impossible, their leader's 'revela- tione.'^ They had the faith that removes mountains. One of the 'revelations' which 'King Solomon' promulgated was to the effect that the man-child spoken of in the Revelation was to be born in the Army, the mother, one of the prophetesses, being named. Great preparations were made for the little stranger's advent, but, alas ! for ' King Solomon' and the 'Army,' it was born dead. The disappointment thus caused was the beginning of the end of the sect. -The people's faith had survived the ' KingV' fruitless visit to the Holy Land in search of the Ark, the precise whereabouts of which had been revealed to him in a vision ; it had surmounted even the failure of Wood to raise a brother from the dead. But the disappointment as to the new 'King of Israel' was too great a blow, and rebellion arose in the camp. A second severe strain came when instead of being carried up to heaven on a certain date in a chariot of fire, as he had prophesied, ' King Solomon' remained on earth. After the rebellion Wood tried to assert himBelf, but it was too late. Poverty aided the schisms, and 'Solomon's' marital troubles brought the end about swiftly. 