POTTS. If yon want anything, try our oheap prepaid advertising oolumns, the most popular adver tising medium in Queensland ; fifteen words, three insertions, for ono shilling. Tins Prosidont of tho Council cnught a mem ber of tho Assembly pooping through the Cuunoildoor. He promptly inquired who it was, and said ' ho was oithor to come in at once, or go away. The hon. member went away,' but is it' against tho standing orders for a member to n in at a door P It seems a natural thing i. » 1 : . , ; ' . The Council fixod up six bills yesterday. ; - Tna President is insisting on tho " contents" making their Voices heard, but thoy have to speak pretty loudl y. : A book has boen provided for tho Press re presentatives who attond the Legislative Counoil, but the furnituro I Toe mining members had a fiold day in the House yesterday. , SoxhoELY a membor on tho Government side . had a word to Bay with regard to'the Minoral.' Lands (Soles) BiU. Had the division bell rung, many memhors would have found themselves in an awkward fix. . Foil onoo the labonr party wore divided on the Mineral Lands Bill. This is the way an hon. member expressed his approval or otherwise of tho arguments of hon. morabors in conneotion with the Mineral Lands Amendment Bill : Shxixow — as he smiled inoredulously, and ' Soum— as lie smiled approviugly. Sous members had a lot to say about mining last night. In some oases those who had least to do with mining, and their constituents less than them, had most to say.- One hon. gontleman apparently baaed all his authority for his remarks on mining on the foot that lie possessed a miner's right. SostETiitNO liko the old lady who was elated because she hod soon someone who had seen the Queen. The property known as Mr. Hoist's, in Buthven street, Toowoomba, comprising two uores of land and villa residence, has been sold to Mr. J. R. Warner, land commissioner, for £800. Wheat harvesting has commenced in many places uround Toowoomba, and it is said that the yield is oxpeotod to bo above the avorago of post years, rust appearing only hero and there. The opening of tho now Congregational Cliuroh nt Mount Walker, West Moroton, was ' celebrated, on Friday by the holding, of a lunch, ' tea, and public meeting. In tho bourse of q lecture on " Tho Devil in the Nineteenth Century," recently delivered by Hey. Father Lo Rennetel in Sydney, ho said that' at a seance held at Nowtown ono of tho ministers presont asked the ghost about a mine in QiiConsland. " There are millions of pounds in it," said tho ghost. Tho ministor invested every penny he had — £4,000 or £5, 000 — und just five days afterwords tho mino wus deolured bankrupt. A. very unlikely story, though about a nob uncommon experience of ignorant investors. Speaking nt tho Mayoral banquet in Mol- bourno tho other day, Lord Hopetoun said that durburhis five years of office there had only been two Mayors of Molbourae, bat ho had had the bonefit of tho advice of no fewer than five Ministries. "The onrse of our system," snid Mr. M'Millun, ox-Troasurer of New South Wales, in his recent address on " Banking, and Bank ing Legislation," "is that, at tho voir timo whon raon anxious to pay their way, nil over the oountry, nro struggling to keep up thoir financial' credit and to pay evory oreditor twenty shillings m the pound, the terrible -handicap of 8 und 9 por uent cats oat all their resourees and saps up all thoir courago." Madam Christian, the celebrated contralto vocalist, has sung for tho last timo in puhlio, she having joined the order of tho Sisters of Charity in Sydney. At Ayr, Lower Burdekin, 'notices have been posted by tho police that persons working on Sunday will he prosecuted. . Another effort is to be mado to treat the ' ore from tho silver lodes nt Rivertree, and Mr. Hall, tho manager of tho reduotion works, hopes to havo everything in full swing again shortly. A Bi&tnNOHAH; correspondent states that the Aston Free Library Committee have derided to obliterate racing and betting information in tho London and provinoiul papers by pasting slips of papor over tho objeoteonnblo news. Tub nnriiTffif.f fin fnrflinr rnftnlvjvl fa, ml—nfa to the Boforonco Department tho works of Fielding and Smollott. Me8SM.' ''M'Donam>) Dunsfo'rd, and Daniels, MM.L.A., visited Buudaborg it om Saturday till Monday. Twenty-four raon have been seleoted nt Toowoomba to practise, in viow of tho matoh between a local 18 and Stoddart's English Eleven. Elijah Cooxroft, a jookey, hanged at Ballarat 011 Monday, could not die happily until he know tho winner of tho Molbourae Cup. This after reading tho Biblo for smo hours ! In tho now Brilliant Extended at Ghartors Towers, in tho 1,940-foot orossout, a reef of heavily mineralised stono has been out, giving crushing 4 foot 6 inches of stuff. Out of tho 31 members of Parliament who wore relogatod to private lifa at the rooont Vic torian elections, only six were honest enough to give up thoir railway pusses. It is stated that tho commissioners have Imowlodgotlmtsomoof tho pusses nro being frau dulently used, but" tlioro is adosire not to make a_ publio display of tho names of the offonders" ponding tho issuo of a niruular threatening proseoution if the swindle be continued. Thib triok of rejected morabors caused the Queensland Commissioners a littlo troublo after tho lost general elaotion hero. The unfortunate teamstor, James Wilson, who met with a serious acoident near Mount Ferry on tho 5th instant, sucoumbed at tho Bundaborg Hospital on Monday. The Maitland Mercury understands that Mr. and Mrs. H, H. Capper hud arranged to visit New Zealand for a pleasure tour, and but for something unoxpootod turning up would have been passengers by the ill-fated Wairarapa. Is this a Yankoo perjury, or must Young Australia knuokle undor at his own garao P — F. Moreland, an Amorioan, is credited with having shorn 356 sheep ill ono day of 10 hours. The now Czar has givon out tho word " peace." If the motto of his reign is to be peace, long may he reign. The Hawaiinns want to be Yankees. Let them. They might do worse. New Zealand is on her tail because, Lord Bosobery has never heard of her and her pro posal to snap up Samoa. Poor Rosebery j poorer New Zealand ; poorest Samoa. 