THE SPHERE OF THE CHURCH. ITS RELATION TO SOCIAL QUESTIONS. " The Sphere of the Church in Relation to Social Questions," being a reply to a leading article in the Courier, was the subject of the Rev. W. Whale's discourse at the City Tabernacle last evening. There was a fair attendance. The rev. gentleman took as his text Isaiah, i., 18 to 23. He said: We all know that the Press is a great and world-wide influence for good or for evil-for both indeed and hence the totality of its influence in any one direction may be easily over-estimated. The platform and the pulpit both are even yet influential in a way peculiar to themselves, and all forces combine to form and guide what is known as public opinion. It would be ungracious not to recognise that the daily Press of Brisbane is generally good in tone and fairly temperate in its discussion of public questions. Temperate, I said, I did not say impartial, for the weaknesses of humanity evidence themselves through the Press as well as through the pulpit. The article in last Monday's Courier was good in style, kindly in tone, and worthy of the paper and of the subject under discussion, which was " The Share of the Church." Such an article is worthy of notice, and some points in it call for remark so as " to clarify our minds as to the true function of the Church." We ought indeed to thank the Press for its interest in the Church and for the advice given, but we may also make the obligation mutual by an occasional suggestion or a bit of advice to the Press. Infallibility does not now centre in the pulpit, nor has it taken up its abode in the editor's chair. It is rather unkind to insinuate that attention to political and economic questions on the part of the Church is with a view to proselytism, for most working men are outside all the Churches and might be evangelised without being proselytised. It is admitted that " every- where the demand is made' that she (the Church should speak out and place herself at the head of reform." Surely such a demand is not simply a danger. It may be a confession that reform which does not flow from regenera- tion is defective, superficial, and delusive. Any Church, beat Labour Church or the assembly at Paraguay (which in its way is also a church has to learn and is learning that reform to be of lasting worth must spring from the new enthusiasm of humanity which we call the power of the Holy Spirit. Many men are away from the Church because they want happiness without holiness, and we warn all such that virtue alone must lead to victory, or our sorrows will never be soothed. The writer of the article says: There is a feeling the part of many that, if we are not to see the greatest schism of modern times, we must give the questions in which the working classes are specially interested-the problem of soon arrangement of business and social relations is shall secure a more equable distribution of wealth a prominent place in our pulpit pre cottons " Who will be the schismatics to leave the Church on such grounds ? Anyway is the duty of the Church to indicate not only that Dives should give Lazarus crumbs, but also that we should foster conditions which would lessen the number of such sufferers and modify the power of such patrons The writer goes on to say ' the Church of Christ is the Church both of the capitalist and the labourer And for his very reason, because it covers all classes of iron, a wrong is done when it is run in the in crests of this class or of that, of the distinguished man or the average man, of employer or employed " This is scarcely correct The Church is neither the church of the capitalist not of he labourer, and that because it is the Church of Christ Truth is to be spoken to all classes, and yet truth itself has classified men as no other power can do it It is unjust to him that the Church would be run in the interests of a class because it laid down the principles of action for man as man who class church is the church which is silent because all classes are there and there are none must be disturbed. Such a church is to be despised It does not lay the axe to the root of the tree, nor has it any fan for its threshing Hoot It is true that " New Testament preachers take no notice of their hearers place and function in society " Did not John take note of the publican, the Sadducees, and the soldier ' Did not Jesus have a special word to publican, to harlot, to king to rulers of the synagogue, and others ? Whilst we agree with the writer up to the general principles, were not agree as to methods of applying them The article does service by emphasising the need of a now manhood, for by that we shall have a desirable result. The difference between us 13 found in a words about the mission and method of Jesus Christ, of whom the writer says, "He did not trouble himself with the branches but with the tree Once the tree was good, its fruit would be good " The mission of Jesus was to make the tree good, but did He not trouble about the branches 9 The fruit was on the branches, the evidences of quality and vitality were on the branches, and the tree was judged by its fruit The fruit must be inspected and approved or condemned So with social and political questions There are actions to be criticised, because they evidence a moral quality to be dealt with by the Gospel of Christ. True it 13 we must deal not only with effects but with causes deep down in the human heart Here is another matter which needs further explanation The writer says, in reference to the Church To address herself to the remedying of evils in detail is for the Church to attempt the impracticable, to divide against herself, to lose his power We Surely use language for dormant purposes, or else this statement is wrong here is the matter of drunkenness, the social purity question, the questions of war and arbitration, of the equitable distribution of wealth, of slavery, of gambling, of sanitation, of the use of bad language, to Ought we to be content with preachingbrothorhood, chastity, honesty, generosity, freedom, it, without referring to any sins specifically? Surely not the principles need enforcement, or preaching would be without value It is the province of the preacher to go deeper than the actions on the surface of life, but he must regard action as symptomatic of inner qualities and purposes W a fire then asked-" Are the clergy of the future to be accomplished poll vicious and economists' " Well, "one man in his time plays many parts, and perhaps the clergy could do some service without any great extension of present abilities Anyway, it is difficult to see how a man who in the pulpit would be disqualified for dealing with these matters would become qualified by forsaking the pulpit for the desk, or for Parliament, or for an editor's chair The division which might be created by any such preaching would be only part of a principle that all preaching is eclectic it includes and excludes b) laws which cannot be ignored We are told that the clergyman who discusses, say, the Labour problem, must take a side " Plus two don j Oin message is not one of partiality This is one point in which we ought to be muliutois-conoiliatois not partisans The pulpit has not satisfied either party because it who of either party and refuses to do other than seek for the good points in all, so us to unite rather than to divide Trials, " the fact that they are good man does not, of course, make them (the preachers) right," but it assumes their desire to be right, and thus dis titipiushos them from those who may Boole victory whether right or wrong there is an almost vexatious reference to making Christ the head of a faction " Inono seiFo this cannot be done, but there is a sense in which Christ has always been the leader of a party but then it is the party of purity of purpose and the party of progress on the lines of right rather than of might The preachers are not a stereotyped priesthood uttering dogmas which all honors must accept on peril of the ir souls They have freedom of prayerful thought, and all they can ask is that prayerful thought be given by boards to any words spoken The people are free to think and should not be too frivolous to think, or too despotic to listen to the words of the preacher We are at one with the writer that our work 19 character building, and all that falls short of this is insufficient For character there must be a vital principle - all the agencies for its development Can we build character apart from the questions which form, test, and glorify character > Character building under Christ's truth and grace, to live in a world where great social, political, and economic questions press themselves upon us. The peril of the Church lies in falseness to the mission and. method of Christ. The kingdom of God is not inward only, but outward, but whether inward or outward it is first righteousness, then peace, then joy, and they are all by the work and indwelling of the Holy Ghost 