echoes (By Sotod.) What a pity It was tbat Vautan did not gat well set in the East Melbourne match, as it Is claimed for him tbat be is one of the most powerful bitters in Melbourne, and the crowd dearly love to see tall hitting. nayiDg an vv arraamoooi oaring ine previous week, I am told that Y&ntin; hit a hall clean out of the ground, so far indeed that none of the fielders would take the trouble to go after it. It landed in a swamp, and tbe man who had been set on guard about there, w&tcbed; the flight of the ball, noticed where it landed, declared " it's tbar," and at once ran np to the pavilion to obtain a new " Dake." That muBt have been a very close finish at Maribyroong last week, when three horeeB finished bo cloBely together that many thought the third had woo. The judges gave it se a dead heat between Barefoot and Submission, but the bookmakers were un animous in the opinion tbat Dinm had woo, an opinion enjoyed by others besides the metalliciaus, who then foolishly went on fitrike and refused to bet any more during the afternoon. Previous to thiB I had always looked upon bookmakers as a shrewd level headed lot of men very much averse to the practice of cutting off their noses to shame their physiognomies, but it seems they also are given to being " pettish." This finish reminds me of one that occurred at the Bir- regorra sports many years ago. It was in a 200 yards race, and the late Sir Charles (then the Bon.) Sladen was officiating as judge. When I asked him for his decision, his reply was, " Well, Mr. , you want to kunw who was first. I am sorry I cannot tell you who wns first or who was fourth," and hrt mvA it hr a dand heat hnt.ir«pn fnur of the competitors, a decision that secured unanimous approval. I may add tbat at that meeting the competitors, whose merits as runners were well known, were handi capped by feet and inches, not by yarde as the invariable practice is now-a-daye ; a yard between two runners of about eqnal speed often making " all tbe difference." I am glad to see by " Felix" in tbe Aus tralasian, tbat the East Melbourne cricketers admit that their late match with Hamilton aod district was " a close thing," also that our batemcn showed fair form. It, nn- doeta-dta aswlsarfm.ehia&c; &nswiish; on some really splendid fielding would, I tbiuk, have been won by our men. Somebody once asked, " What's in a name?" Well, judging by the exhibition made by our bats men on this occasion, I am inclined to be lieve, there is a very great deal in it. The bowling of Bruce and Costello was decidedly good, but I have seen our men make large scores against better trundling. Not a few of them were, I think, daunted by the reputation gained by the East Melbonroe truudlers, who if they had been bowling foraCroajingalongorsome other country club would probably have been more severely dealt with. It is also pleasing to notice in the Australasian tbat a well deserved meed of praise ie bestowed on tbe young bowler, Carracher, who after tbe first few overe. kept batsman after batsman on his very best behaviour, and probably would bave been still more succeesful on tbe turf, on which I bave seen bim get a lot of work on from both sides without, as iu the case, for instance, of J. Bruce, showing any very perceptible alteration in delivery. Another bowler wboee trundling I liked mnch was Graham, who, I think, might have done ever better than be did bad he oftener indulged in his father slow break backs. As for Nippon be bowled at times, exceedingly well but with more than the usual amount of bad luck. As regards the battiug none very brilliant was displayed on either side tbe bowling and fielding being the features of tbe match. A good story is being told aboat a device adopted by an old Eoglisb cricketer many years ago, when wickets were more bumpy tbao the billiard table like surfaces we have at present, and the ball bad to be watched all tbe way. nn one occasion he was batting against an all England eleven, when Grundy's bowling was " getting up" very much, but persisted in playing forward, with tbe re sult that at the dose of bis inoings, his left arm from tbe elbow downwards was a mass of bruises. The old fellow, for be was a veteran, said nothing, but on going in for his second innings, the wicket being even more bumpy than on the firstday, adopted the Baoie tact ic', playing forward, and in so doing, aennak.'n. la.n T>-11 -fA I II .a- I - Al. . to iun. Ajsii atbtsr uau strucK lqb old stonewaller on the bruised arm and darted away to leg, but he, ignoring pain, staunchly persevered, and made quite a respectable score, not off tbe bat, bnt off the arm. How he cuuld so calmly take such a battering was a mystery unsolved until all was over, when he showed Grundy a metal plate which he had had made to fit the bruised portrm of his arm, and which his shirt had rendered invisible. Perhaps this device may be ntilised when Lockwood and Richardson are bowling against tbe colonials next season. Memmntt's memorable break when he played aod defeated Evans tbe billiardirt caused bis recent match with Peail in Eng land to be looked forward to with no small amount of interest, but when they met it was quickly evident that the Victorian had not the ghost of a show. Peall gave him 3,000 start in 15.000 np, commenced by BCoriog 2,502 to 825 and on the second day with breakB of 449, 326, 637 and 1,172 (un finished) bad reached 5,002, whilst Memmott had only succeeded in scoring 1323 points. Eventually Peall who made «ne break of 2,127 went ont with a 340 unfinished break a winner by 7,932 points having scored the last 1,249 points in fifty-two minutes. Charlie Memmott showed plnck in challenging the world's champion, for this is what Peall really is at " all In " bil liards, but will have to improve very mnch indeed before be will reach foe height of his ambition. There fa little doubt, however, that tbe practice he is securing in England will so improve faiB play that when be re turns none in these colonies will be able to keep pace with him. We can fairly well hold oar own at cricket with tbe English men, can beat them at rowing, bnt mnst for many years, I think, be content to take a back seat so far as billiards are conoerned. Great Scott ! 1,249 points in 52 minntes ! 20 minntea for 100 being deemed fairly fast for good amateurs ! There is now being exhibited in London a calculating borse named Morocco, tbat can count " like one o'clock," Nor is it onlv in cirens business tbat Morocco feels at bome in tbe calculating business, for it is stated of tbe animal that on one occasion he had to grevtaiiiy yenpr»bo->Sskea-Eii-igi,-hi stamped his foot five times. There is also a performing collie tbat can play a good hand, or I should say, foot, at single " nap," can actually distingosh colours, and will piok you out aoy article you care to ask for if it happens to be anywhere abont the premises. This beats that blasphemous and knowing old cockatoo, formerly ao great a favourite with the habituis of the Port Phillip Clnb Hotel. Among those present at foe East .Mel bourne cricket social on Monday evening was Mr. E. Silvester, whose health, as President of the Coleraine Tennis Clnb, was enthusiastically drunk. In replying to -the compliment, Mr. Silvester challenged the East Melbourne cricketers to nl.i, . — , »l. at Coleraine next year, when he promised them a hearty reception. The issuing of this bold challenge was received with great applaose, bnt not so the stitement tbat if foe Melbourne men went there they would have to compete against at .least forty stalwart men of foe West, aa Mr.. Manning thought this would be a little too much of a ' good thing, especially if there ehonld happen to be forty Ferriers. Joking apart, there is no reason why a match shonld not be played at Coleraine next Easter, as our recent | visitors have heard mncb abont the beauti ful " Vale of Coleraine," and wonld, I think, only be too happy to pat in a good day there in playing against foe combined foreea of Coleraine and Oastertoo. I -also think that on foe concrete pitch s'fooal team of eay 18 selected from those two torat wonld be able to give a good account of Itself. A wealthy widow, named Pigm waa- recently Introduced to a very good looking young lawyer; whose name she did not' catch. In foe course of Conversation, de termining upon seenring some choap ad vine, abe said to him, " Yon know, sir, that when the late Mr. Pigg died he left me all his for tune, much to my satisfaction, V coarse, but he hsndioapped it with tbe name of Pigg which, ImnBt say I don't like.' Now, 'can youtell me if f murt apply to fiarfiament to 1 get ii. changed'? " Um— behesitated as if wrestling with a great legal problem, " am— er — yes ; bat an -easier way is for you and I to apply to a parson, and I'll pav all the expenses myself," Zbe widow was rather tsken nbaok, bnt not too astonished. She took another look at him, saw that he was good-looking and presentable, paused awhile, and replied, " I shall be delighted, but what may your name be?" Striking an attitude, foe lawyer replied, "Darting, my name— my name fa Hogg I" Tableau f It it unneces sary for me to add that this "echo " comes from America, and not from the land that gave birth to Lord Eaoon. As " bowling " has become so popular a game in Hamilton, tbe following echo from a Sootch paper may be read with interest : — " Edinburgh is bdieved to have the largest bowling greens, and in that city there are at least fourteen clubs, each with its own separate bowling green. Bowls is an essen tially northern game, and fox every green or bowling clnb in England there are five or more in Scotland. There are between 350 and 400 recognised cluljs in Scotland. Ayr shire has 34 olubs, Edinburgh and Midlothian 33, Lanarkshire 27, Glasgow 23, and Ren frew 22. Within recent years this pastime has beoome exceedingly popular in New castle, a here there are eight public greens and three private greens. There is a fine bowling green at Magathay, in the parish of Norton, near Sheffield. The green itself hss existed since the year 16S1. Several col leges at Oxford and Cambridge bave large bowling greens. Trinity College, Cam bridge, has one, as also Queen's, Magdalen, and New College, Oxford. Lord Vanx's seat, at Harrowden, aod Earl Spencer's, at Altborp, both possess unrivalled bowling greens." 