CHAPTER XIII. Mark Usselby was installed al Usselby Grange. The law had handed over to his mercies the fortunes of his brother's family and his brother's property. j Frank, with his blood boiling, had asked for but 48 hours to make his preparations, and at the end of thai time had taken temporary lodgings for himself and his dear ones at the Three Jolly Boatmen Inn. Mrs. Usselby, who was still ailing, had firmly determined to take up hei residence in the village of Crowthorne to be as near as possible to hei husband, but, of course, many arrange- ments had to be made before she could journey to Berkshire. Frank saw no way out of his diffi- culty but to go to London, or, at least; to one of the big towns, for the pur- pose of starting a new career. He was clever with his pen, and had con- tributed articles on political subjects to newspapers, and essays to maga- zines and reviews, and, wonderful tc say, he had been paid for some oí these. Besides that,-he was expert in chemistry. He was undecided which of these vocations to take up for a livelihood. Grace had an aunt living at Tavi- stock, and could easily find a home there if she wanted one. She would have been eager to follow Mrs. Ussel- by to Berkshire, but an instinctive feeling which was not to be denied prompted her that she ought to re- main in the neighborhood of the sup- posed crime. If ever relief was to come ; if ever a gleam was to break the darkness, the light of hope would have tobe kindled in the vicinitj' of thc Old Rosemary. Thus driven this way and that, and keeping her own counsel with an aching heart, Grace as yet had come to no decision. When Mark walked into Usselby Grange it was like a house of the dead. If a thousand hopes had been blasted there, if a hundred hearts had lain buried there, if lives without number had been wrecked there, it could not have been more silent or gloomy, in spite of the bright autumn morning sun which streamed about the place and rippled and danced upon the window-panes. The shutters were all closed, the curtains drawn. With one accord every servant, from the housekeeper to the last boy of all work, had left the place. Frank had explained to them the position in which he and his mother were placed, and had offered them two months' wages in lieu of notice. Many of the servants had been at Usselby Grange for a dozen or a score of years ; some had been born there. With blanched faces and their eyes stream- ing with tears, they had one and all refused to take a penny, and offered their services as long as ever they might be wanted without remunera- tion. " We will follow you and mistress to the end of the world, if we have to starve on the road," said one of the old retainers. " Don't talk of paying us." Frank suggested that, no doubt, the new master of Usselby would be glad to keep some of them. He could not live in the place without servants, and it was known that he had none. The kitchen and garden would require attention even if the house were neglected. But they all vowed that they would rather break stones in the road than work for the usurper. They would stay with their dear master and mistress, or seek their fortunes else- where. But, alas, but two could be kept Grace's maid (for Grace had small means of her own, and was able to afford a servant) and a maid for Mrs. Usselby ; and the heart-broken dependents waited to see their mistress and master leave their former home in a hired carriage, and an hour afterwards they all walk- ed out of the place, taking every crea- ture, from a dog to a hedgehog and a canary, with them. The horses had previously been sent to the Great Griffin stables. Mark was master of Usselby Grange, but all the country round resented his intrusion as a shameful crime. He was nearly lynched when one afternoon he left the Griffin Mine offices without his agent's protecting company, and wherever he went he saw nothing but scowling faces and threatening looks. He heard himself called a " Jan Vaggus " and a " long cripple," and not understanding it to be the Devonshire for " robber" and "viper" was not fully aware of the embittered feeling which was abroad against him until half a score of handsful of mud and stones flung at him, warned him of what he had to expect in the future. It was only Huncoat's peremptory influence which had enabled him to find the single servant, half-deaf old Dan, who for the time being waited upon him. " Nobody will steal anything out of the place," Huncoat had said, and one servant was all that he sent. In the first exultation over his new fortune Mark had treated Nellie as he had always done, with selfishness and heartlessness. " Shall I come with you ?" the girl had suggested timidly ; and he had replied with a gruff " What for ?" " I thought I might be of some use to you down there," Nellie had said ; and he had retorted almost brutally. " Of what use can you be ? I'll send for you when I want you." Nellie had bitten her lips and been silent, and she was then in London still slaving from morning till night in that theatre wardrobe-room. Now he wished with all his heart that he had brought her with him. She was neater in her ways and cooked better than Dan. She always had a smile on her face, and he had seen so few people smile lately. Not that he had the slightest wish that people about him should be happy, but some- how or other Dan was always grunt- ing and growling. He dared not go outside the gates. The Devonshire country folk are slow and stolid, and not easily aroused to do unlawful acts, but Mark bore on his head and back the still painful wounds made by the stones which had been flung at him, and he knew full well that if he ventured abroad with- out Huncoat's protection he would meet with but little mercy at the hands of the enraged miners, whom he himself employed. . The whole country-side was seething with in- dignation about the way in which Ralph's family had been treated, and Huncoat's loudly exj>ressed sympathy with his former employers kept the excitement at a boiling point. If ever a man was miserable amid the glories of a great house, and with many of the Bigns of wealth and comfort surrounding him, that person was Mark. He had ordered all his letters to be addressed to the office of the Great Griffin Mine, thinking that they would be safer, and that he would get them more quickly ; and Huncoat religiously detained them one and all. " Let him stew there in his worries for a few days," the mining agent had said to himself, " It will take much of the conceit out of him, and give him a proper sense of his own humble- ness." Mark had asked Dan, the half deaf old man-of-all-work, to get him the newspapers ; and Dan had brought him the PLYMOUTH MERCURY, dated four months back. Upon this, Mark had flown into a temper, and had called the old man an ass. " If thee goest agging I, I'll go home along," said the old man, and went to the kitchen to fetch his coat j where- upon Mark, being dreadfully afraid of being left alone, protested that he did not mean what he had said. " Well," said Dan, " but doant thee bullyrag I no more. I doant like no bobberies nor no glumpy folk," and Mark had to make up his mind to be very civil indeed. He would walk about the deserted rooms like a ghost in search of a dead secret. He stood looking at his brother's portrait, and a creepy, un- canny sensation came over him, and he thought Ralph looked at him threaten- ingly from the canvas, and that the eyes followed him, and ho retreated from the room. Ile barely* dared to enter the bed-chamber, with its «great oaken four-poster, and the big brass firedogs. Solid, inert things seemed to him to move towards him, and ho would shake his head, and pretend to laugh at his folly. Then he would stroll out on to the lawn, now unrolled and uncut, and into the garden where the flowers already (hooped for want of water and attention. But even God's lovely sun- shine seemed cheerless to him, and he would return and walk into the big kitchen-anything, anything for a change. There, Dan, solitary in his glory of place, seemed to glare at him. and he would leave the place com- fortless and uncomforted. If the days were dreadful the nights were awful to the new lord of Usselby Grange. He tried three sleeping rooms in succession, and in all of them he felt as if he were not alone. He would start up from an unref resil- ing sleep and feel himself shivering. Ile would imagine he saw shadowy figures crawl about the place, and on more than one occasion he even thought he could feel impalpable icy fingers touching his flesh. Then he would jump up with his teeth chat- tering, and dress himself and walk about, making a sickly attempt all the while to laugh at his fears, and call himself a fool. For hours he would sit on his bed on his haunches and stare at the sky outside until it turned from steel to silver and from silver to gold. "When the first streaks of morning edged the low- lying clouds with lines of fire he would breathe more freely, and thank his stars that another night was over. Each bright, balmy day brought new worry. He was shut off from the world. Huncoat did not come near him, although he had sent re I peated messages to him. I "I am extremely busy," was the mining agent's reply, " and shall bo for a few days. You. are surely very comfortable at the Grange, and I will come to you the moment this im- . mediate pressure is over." " For heaven's sake send me another servant, and send me a London paper," Mark had written, and the mining agent, relenting a little, had sent a ?. lad. The boy brought with him the latest London paper, and Mark pounced upon it as a hawk might rush upon a dove, and carried it to the morning room. On the first day after his arrival in Devonshire, Mark had already learned from the Stock Exchange reports in I the papers that his investment in the j Juanita Mine had been profitable. ' The £10 shares, which, when he staked his money, were quoted at £1 5s, had risen under a sudden and sur- prising inflation, and they were then already quoted at 5^-. " They'll go up still higher ; they'll go above par," Mark had said to him- self. " I won't sell yet ; no, not yet," and he had waited as on pins for news concerning his venture. He turned quickly to the columns giving the information about money and stocks, and hardly believed his eyes when he saw Juanitas quoted afc 121. "I'll sell now," he said. "That will be between £1500 and £1G00 I shall have to take. And that's my own, and not Ralph's ; and I can do with it what I like." He had kept a telegram form in his pocket, and now wrote a message to his brokers : " Sell my Juanitas and remit amount to my account, Old Bank, Tavistock." This he gave to the boy to take tc the railway station, and he breathed a little more freely when he had dis- patched the order. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Anon: The whisper of a beautiful woman can be heard farther than tho loudest call of duty. Balzac : A man must be a fool who does not succeed in making . a woman be- lieve that which flatters her. 