In the Shadow of the Scaffold. Last Moments op Noted Criminals. (SUNDAY TIMES.) There is always considerable excite- j ment in gaol on the eve of an execution, j That excitement begins with the first j entrance inside gaol walls of the criminal, and only dies when Kosey Bob cuts short the life of the unfortunate wretch at the end of his rope. When a murderer is received in gaol speculation runs very high amongst the prisoners as to the result of his trial Wagers are made in figsof tobacco as to whether the prosecution will break down or whether the judge will pronounce the awful sentence. Then again, the ques tion of which judge will try the easels a very strong element in the speculation, which is rife. If they learn in the yard that a certain severe judge will sit, every effort is made to seek a postpone ment of the trial They prefer any other judge to this particular one. Immediately the culprit is put on his trial a message is sent to the Governor of the Gaol, stating that the man has been arraigned for murder. A suit of condemned clothes with buttons down the side of the trousers, after the fashion of the coster's, together with boots and chains, are placed in the con demned cell, ready for the poor wretch to wear on his return from hearing the last words of his sentence, " May the Lord have mercy on your soul." For the last night he wears spring irons, but the second day the irons are rivet ted, and these he wears till within five minutes of his execution. When he enters his bath lie wears the manacles, and as he paces up and down his cell the clang, clang of the fetters can be heard. Of course the first thing that happens the condemned man is that a clergy man of his denomination at once at tends him, and ministers to his spiritual wants. The effect of these religious minis trations is very remarkable. The par sons play 110 small part in the last hours of the condemned. Their visits, in the first place, give great hope to the convict. Each visit appeal's to buoy up the poor wretch who still clings to the idea that he will be re prieved. " Hope" is the whole exis tence of the man 111 the condemned cell " Hope" induces him to pray as he never did before in his life, and in the anguish of lus soul he pours forth his petition in passionate eloquence— but not for the salvation hereafter, not for the hope to come—for a reprieve, that his neck might be saved. It is extraordinary the promises they make the Almighty if but the one prayer is answered, viz., a reprieve. Makin on lus knees, promised that for the rest of his natural life he would carry a bible or a praver-book in his pocket He pro mised, as penance, to wear irons for seven years. Broken down with cry ing, he would repeatedly urge these pledges on the Almighty. Hope clings to the condemned to the last, and it is only when Nosey Bob comes in to , strap their arms up that they give way and utter the first and hist devour. prayer, " God have mercy on me.'5 lyfat- in at times, however, when he thought the Lord was not helping to save his neck, fell back on his own resources. He threatened to expose the parents of tire unfortunate babies he had slaughtered. He made a long statement in writing, mentioning who these were, but strong influence was brought to bear, and the man, under pressure, tore up the documents. To the very last lie believed that he would be saved, and only when his chains were being knocked off be saw his end hed come. " Great God, and am I to die T he muttered, while his pallid face and trembling hands told of the awful struggle that was going on, and which was silenced for ever a few minutes later. Louisa Collins was another specimen of the hoping condemned. " They will never hang a woman," she de clared ■ " they will spare my life at the last moment." Then when she saw it was all over, when the hangman came to escort her across to the gallows, she faintly said. " And has it come to this?" " If you have a confession to make," urged the chaplain, " do so now, as you have only a few minutes to live." My confession will be made to God, before whom I shall appear to-day," she firmly answered. Perhaps there was never an exe- j cufcioii which was so bungled as this , one. Howard, the hangman, had a ! new assistant who had to pull the j lever to drop the trap. An iron pin | is used to keep the trigger from going , off; but at the executioner's signal this ] is removed and the lever pulled. Howard adjusted the rope, fixed it I firmly, and called to his assistant to pull. He did pull, but in his excite ment had forgotten to remove the pin. : " Pull, pull," cried Nosey Bob, and the assistant pulled with all his might. W hat anguish the woman passed ! through in those brief moments when : she heard the excited hangman and ! his assistant calling to one another to I hurry on the work of destruction can j be better imagined than described, j Some there are who assert that she I died with fright during tliat short | period. Luckily for the gaol au thorities, Warder Matt. Coonan saw what had happened, and seizing a i mallet, struck the pin out of its socket, j and the trap went flying open, and i Louisa Collins was shot into eternity. ! The sight that followed was sickening, j Blood streamed from the body, and a j wen which the unfortunate woman had ! under her neck was ripped from end to j end, and presented a ghastly and awful 1 appearance. Poor Warder Coonan, j who saved the authorities a lot of trouble, was made a butt of by the prisoners, one of whom composed the following doggrel regarding the affair, j with apologies to " Who Killed Cock j Robin ?" j Who hanged Louisa Collins ? i I, says Matty Coonan, ' While Nosey Bob was foolin', j I banged Louisa Collins. i It is needsess to say that the warder did j not appreciate the efforts of the gaol bard, i Perhaps one of the most remarkable cri- j minals who was hanged was Frank Johns, i Quite a young man, intelligent and far- j seeing, he was once reprieved, and in the J end died the death of a felon. He was first j sentenced to death as a member of the . famous moonlight gang, of Wantabadgery : fame. His youth saved his life. Next he \ stabbed a fellow prisoner. For this offence ! he paid the last penalty of the law. The crime for which he was hanged was com- ! mitted under very strange circumstances. ; While serving bis first sentence, he was j visited by a lady missionary, old enough ' to be his mother. A dreadful scandal got j about regarding the relations between the 1 youthful bushranger and the lady who ministered to his spiritual wants. This i was strengthened by effusive and hysterical j letters which the lady addressed to Johns' ! mother, and the scandal became public j talk in the gaoL A prisoner chaffed Johns ! about the gossip, and in a fit of temper he j stabbed the man with a table- knife, and j paid for his rashness on the scaffold, j Johns was inclined to Freethougkt notions, j and Mr. Thomas Walker, M.L.A., used to j continually visit him. In the meantime, the church of England clergyman and the Wesley an minister endeavoured to lead him into Christian paths. " You both remind me," he said, " of two men on top of a well, looking down at the man who is drowning, and asking him if they can help him. I am like that drown ing man. You save my neck first, then we will talk about tbe hereafter. Take my hand; feel it. Is it not warm ? Does i not the blood run freely through it ? Look at my eyes. Are they not bright ? Yet to-morrow before this time the hand which holds yours will he cold. The blood will have ceased to flow. The eyes you call bright now will have no light in them to-morrow. You save this body first, then talk to me about my soul." The night before his execution a big demonstration took place, and the gaol walls were surrounded by thousands of people. Johns could hear them talking, and he begged for permission to look through the barred window. The warder allowed him, and he said in an undertone, " The last glimpse of the world. Fare- j well I Good-bye !" j The morning of Ms execution he was J composed and calm. Taking a volume of ! Pope's poems, he wrote the following to I Jack Thompson, alias Thunderbolt, who j has since obtained his release:— Tuesday morn, 14th July, 1S85. ! Jack Thompson, or Jamieson, alias Tkun- ' derbolt. I made a mistake in writing a few words j for poor Bill in Moore's poems, but you can ! arrange it between you. I intended tMs j one for Bill. j Be good, Jack; be good. Nothing else I is worth living for. Frank. In baste. Eight o'cloek. An hour afterwards the hand that wrote "Be good—nothing else is worth living for," was cold and useless. The burial of the young bushranger took place under strange circumstances. The Freethougkt people ciaimed the body, and were going to give it a great funeral. At ;} o'clock the following morning Warder Longford, in disguise, accompanied by a posse of police, i j conveyed the coffin in a dust- cart to New- j town railway station, where a train was in j readiness for Bookwood. It had been ralu- i ing heavily, and the grave had over two i feet of water in it. Longford took an in- j terest in the poor wretch, and felt for him. f The wind sweeping through the cemetery ' sang a strange requiem, and as the first j clods of earth were thrown in, the warder j pronounced the words, earth to earth, dust to dust, ashes to ashes," and then offered up a prayer. Perhaps it was'the most fer vent prayer Warder Longford ever sent up i to the Almighty. The task of filling in j the grave was a hard one, for as soon as the j earth weighed down the head of the float ing coffin, the latter tilted up. At last, after two hours' hard work,. warder and j police succeeded in filling in the grave, and ; returned. The next morning the Free- j thought people were furious when they I learned that the body had been claudes- i tinely interred, and on the following Sun day they went to Bookwood, where a special service was held at the grave. Of all the cases that caused excitement in Darlingliurst Gaol, it was the Mount Bennie outrage. When it became known that Mother Gertrude — the Beverend Superior of the Sisters of Mercy—was , using her best efforts to obtain the reprieve I of some of the youths concerned, the whole gaol joined in wishing her success. She went to Lord Carrington, and on her knees ' I begged for the lives of two in particular, J Newman and Hill. The former was a I Protestant. The Reverend Mother also ! went to the Premier, and, in fact, to any with whom she thought she" could find favour. The good lady was very popular with warders and prisoners. It was just muster time—near S o'clock—the evening before the execution, when the reprieve of the two hoys came. The news ran through the gaol, and Mr. Read, the Governor of Darling-hurst, was in the yard. The pri soners were wound up with excitement. "Three cheers for Mother Gertrude," cried one prisoner, and "God bless her." ; They knew how she had worked for the reprieve. | A thousand throats would have voiced j the sentiment, but Mr. Read, the Governor | of the Gaol, was equal to the occasion, j Raising his hand, he expressed himself in | these words: " Men, I beg of you not to give way to i your feelings. I respect the good wishes you have for Mother Gertrude, for her de [ votion to those boys. But remember those who have not been reprieved. Every cheer you give means a double death to the poor wretches who have to stand on the scaffold to-morrow. Behave as men, and think of the poor fellows who have to be hanged, and do not add to their misery." There was not a murmur, but when the muster was over the remarks made by Mr. Read showed that he had gained the good wishes and respect of every convict. His fine feelings for the condemned was made the subject of much comment by the pri soners, and they, one and all, voted that he was the most human Governor they had ever seen. As for the two boys who were reprieved, they remained dazed and speechless, sucking the dry roofs of their : mouths with parched tongues trying to I realise what they were passing through. It was only after their companions had i been executed that they understood the full measure of the kindness done them by the good lady who took such an interest in their well-being. While the Mount Rennie boys were awaiting their execution, a special gallows at a cost of .£300 was built for them. The poor fellows could hear the hammering and fixing of the stage on which they were to stand for the last time in life. Indeed, on Sundays, when they were conducted to church, they had actually to pass over a portion of it. The poor fellows never once realised their x>osition until they were led " like lambs to the slaughter." Captain Moonlight, alias Scott, was also a remarkable criminal. His criminal his tory was a very bad one, and, to add to his many crimes, he led astray many young men — Johns, for example. He died " game," and chided his mate, Rogan, with cowardice. The jibing he gave him caused him to walk firmly up to the gallows, and both dropped together. Seott entertained a dreadful dislike to warders. Three days before the execution he swore that after he was hanged he would worry Nosey Bob and haunt Darlinghurst Gaol. " When you are on your lonely beat on the gaol at night," he said, "then my ghost will haunt you. I'll give you all a turn." However, he has not kept his word, and the warders keep on their beats, and Nosey Boh still hangs people. The most callous prisoner for years past was Suiedley, who stabbed his wife to death at Tamwoith. He damned parson and cursed creation, and only wanted to he hanged. He looked for his execution with a certain amount of pleasure, aud never once regretted bis crime. The au thorities at first thought he was insane, hut he loudly protested against such a supposition. Most condemned criminals assert that they have no recollection of the crime, and die with this statement on their lips. Archer stoutly held out to the end that he was innocent of his crime, and Hewart, a burly North of England man, charged with murdering a fellow prisoner in the Central Police Station, declared that he had no re collection of the crime. The murder was the most- awful one of its character, as he mutilated his victim with his teeth, and behaved more as a savage than a civilised j being. His request the Sunday before he was hanged, was that they should sing in j the gaol church Brief life is here our portion, Brief sorrows short-lived care; l The life that knows no ending, | The tearless life is there. The last night the criminal passes on earth is a vexy solemn one. Nosey Bob and his assistant are let in, and they stretch and grease the rope. The scaffold is not far from the condemned-cells, and in the night the gruesome work of the hangman can be heard proceeding. Tap, tap, tap, and Nosey firmly fixes down the knots on the beam. Bang! (the hangman is trying the lever, and the drop falls. The poor wretch in the cell hears all these prepara tions for his judicial murder, and his heart leaps to his mouth as he hears the bang of the trap opening, and knows that in a few hours he will be hanged off the same way. Then the morning comes. Poor wretch, his last night's sleep has been bad. Toss ing and moaning, lie counts tbe hours as the sentinels on the wall cry out "All's welL" Then the parson attends him, and begs of him to think of something better, to centre bis thoughts on a God of infinite mercy. He lias alrea dy heard this from the judge who passed sentence, and he thinks of the cruel mockery the words convey. Still he hopes for a reprieve. His hour glass is fast running down, the sands of time are quickly passing. He hears hurry ing to and fro, and jast a few minutes to nine the voice of the Sheriff, " I demand the body of " The con demned man gasps. Then the blacksmith enters—a free man—and he begins to knock off the rivets in the chains. The parson begins the burial service of tbe dead. " I heard a voice from heaven—" Clang, clang sounds the blacksmith's tools to the mockery. " Saying, blessed are they who die in the Lord," continues the minister. Just then the whole of the chains fall with a clang, clang, clang, and drown the words of the man of the gospeL Nosey Bob enters, dressed in a faultless suit of black, with his hair dabbed down with grease, and a sickly odor of musk aud patchouli coming from his handkerchief. He pinions liis man, and in a nasal voice tells him not to be afraid. He then leads him up to the scaffold; the great cruel rope, with its still crueller knots, terrify the man. The parson mum bles some prayers, the pinioned prisoner has his last glimpse at the world, the she riff drops his hand, the lever is pulled— hang 1 and the wort of judicial hanging is over. The body is removed, the rope is removed, the rope burned, Nosey and his assistant bundled out of g'aol, the excite - dies away, and the gaol once more regains its normal condition. 