In Norinandy. PeftsFnta' Homes and a Haunted Oliatcau. Why Is it, I wondor that obo class ot hrnnaoilf G always asking itself what tha other cImi in dniug, bow it lives, and what (te cUfttnoiH aro ? ' ti was no doubt a curiosity ot this kind irmt prompioa ns, tno otuar morning, to drive into iho oountry to visit somo ot the Epftsauts' homes that Ho bidden among tho ills, back ot lTonlgato. Truo, we had no tovitation in ibeae places; wo did not ovon know tho farm- owners by narao. After all " artHtocrntH ' havo vory had mannorri compared to the poor luboring class. This Htrnck mo mont forcibly tbu other day, and I fott really ashamed ot my- lolt and trionds as wo boldly entered the gateway to tha first farm. It would havo vfTvcd us right had wo been redely treated anil ftflked to vaoato tho premiaes. As wo approached tha low. thatchcd-raol building, with tho grapo-vtnes covering a wiclo veranilnh, tho tioree- chc«inuta spread ing thoir rufrcshing ehnda lor over tha bouvo. a more perfect picture ot comfort could not cnsily bo iiunginod. Ucaring tho sound of carriages, tbrco women roads their ttppoorance at tho door, and seeing wo wero " au grand niondo," as thoy soy hereabouts, tbroo low oaurtasys were dropped and a roost tordial wolcomo extended us, roach to my re lief and surprico. Thoy were evidently flattered by our visit, and far from offended, as I bad expected. Tlioy wore tho regula tion peasants' costamo— short skirt, white blouse, waists with elcevos rolled up above iho elbow, long aprons, neat caps, ond wooden sobotf. Olio of tho young men rang a huge boll ot the lido of tho house, where- npon a stablo-boy osmo rod led onr horses off, ond tho father and brother of tho family assisted un In nllnlit An.1 T-J .1 ... ,.uu ICU ua Ufl m 1110 porch, wboro fbey requested us fo rost awhile until a light refreshment should bo prepared. In a short jpneo of timo a long tsblo was brought out and set before ns, spread with a snowy homespun cloth ond laid with quaint old bios cbma-woro nod glass. Pots of golden honey, jugs of cream, loaves of blaok bread, pats oi yellow butter, cakes, cream oheore, so eelobratod throughout Normsody, thnfess?18, "nd P'lellCr c!dfir' mad Dp Every member of tho fnmilr wdited upon us, and treated us as if wo woro old ond valued friends, but none of them sat at tsblo wilb us. Wo did full justice to this homily faro, after whieh tho interior of tho houso was shown as, and peeps into hoco linen- presses vouchsafed un whero piles of bleaohod and nnbleaohod olntn lay ready as part of the "dot to go with tho first child leaving tho homo nest. The floors in tho bouno were all scrubbed ta marvellous whiteness and then strewn with n Coc whito sand ; in some of tbo roomB tho eand was laid on tho floor to imitato mosaic designs, but tho work many B00n obliterated the pretty # Tho old homestead was most comfortable in every respect, and tho old-fashioned furniture in it would have made a collector weep with envy. Largo carved oak armoires, epinning-wheels, high-baeked ohsirs, four- K fclfi y?11 quaint tables that would their weight in prcoloue metal at somo faehionablo auotion in the oanltAl. were thought nothing of by these people, ex' ®uvenir keepsakes. Great quantities of shell-work adorned the walls. ®®f UP prinoipol brio-a-brao . . elB8M0B. The fireplaces , nn )!t! f -?rGa ' £onorot ones that tako Itnk n HtVrS 7 an® do DOt ,eavo an7 on® ftto opt to do. ' " mm '" n">»e'0te» «nmtnSMIpr0"cd S?r -PPWoiation ol tho oomfortaHo surroundings, tho (aces ol both ,"tl, b"iniod wi"l8r|,"" . Tho dairy, aloblss, poollryyord ond nigs trero next shown as, and from Iho cool, airy milk-room to tho sty in Iho book yxrd, wns US dd,gW ' "'i-nUneso, prosperity Thoso peoplo «ro novsr idlo.ond for that reason hoppy ; they urn content with what ' dj nl, cn»y »ny ono and live Uvea of peooo and good-will to all mon. Each laco bears marks of Iho sonny natoro within and our visit to La Iiretooho, as this farm ia callod, put hotter thoughts into our minds for days to como. Tbo doy following onr country visit was a grand fete-day for Honlgnto. Banes, a con sort, and a ball at tho ossino woro to bo tho great features of Iho ocoasion, and about two o olook wo wore all assembled on tho Boaob to witness tho races. A Btrango plaoo for rsoea yon will, no doubt, . rightly remark, but thoso were not to bo ordinary ones at all, in fsot tbo noble coursers wero not to bo two-thirty roadsters in the least, but two- footod oreaturca of our own speoles, and little, long-esrod donkeys. Tho beaoh lay white, smooth ond hard, with tbo tide for ont. In tbo judge'Msnd wore a gay party of women of fashion ond well- koown about Parisian olubs. Hy tbo expres- slon of interest on all fscos, ono would havo fsnoiod that a fortune was at stake, but in reality tbo prizes consisted of a gold cup for tho donkoy raoos, a leather modal and riding whip for tho raoos to follow. First camo tho men's race in bags, tho most comioal sight I ever witncieed. Esoh man was dono up in a large grain-aaok up to fals waist, ond whon tho signal wsb given about thirty of there .ridtoulous figures started on the hop, skin and iumn- ah tn running that was out of the quostion, and most of tbo band finally went on all fours, Next followed the doqkey raco, tbo jookoys being gentlemen riders, attired in long, low- necked, white baby-dreeBee with different colored sashes and oloso oaps. Tho winner of this race was to be ho who 'got thero last/ As tho bell rang far tbo atari, the donkeys all started oo a dead run, and to stop thom was as great a feat as to got them to go at most times. They eeomed to understand the joke, and with ears well ap and tails straight oat thoy rushed madly along. All the Mwhoa-ing"in the world had no effect upon tho (stubborn littlo boasts, and tbo ono that reached tho home-stretch last was only jaet a head behind tho others. Of all rldioulous sights this was indeed the most ludioroaa, and tho peals of laughter from the lookers-on almost drowned the sound ol tho Ml After iho outdoor sports ws adjourned to the concert-hall and listened to a very good amateur concert, the proceeds of which went to tho poor ot the villago. Tho ball in tho ovening was a most brilli ant affair— in fact ono might easily have bo- lioved one's eelf in somo salon of tho capital h&d; it not been that tho ladica wero not dcoollote ond vory few jewels wero worn. Too surroundings were moet beautiful, the ball room represented a tropical garden, hung with colored lanterns. I found hero a great re laxation from the uooal rigid ball-room ctl- quotto of Paris. Young ladies danced more, and it was not thought out of place to allow the same name to appear oven three times on one's dancing card. At eupper-timo the chaperon dfdnot ecleot her charge's escort, but left it to tor own wieo discrimination, only sitting at the samo table in order not to throw off all vigilance. Early hours are respected hero, for, wonder ful to relate, tho French ladles rise at a most seasonable hour, and aro often seen aft nine o'clook in the morning dressed for fthe day- no, I should noft say for Iho day, as two, ftbreo, and oven four obanges ot toileft aro pado, and the thought ot one drees for tho wbolo day would absolutely soandalise those fashionables. It/? TrS.li? Ii,"'a Fraaohwcman, and quite toe leader o( laablan hero this ssasan, Mma. "-V',"''11 1 mm' delightful ma for ladles la-help pass Iho hoar It is callod by tho queer title of "Nods Besistono" (we resist), aud it is devoted solely to sword P'00'100- Wo havo a notable teaober from tho metropolis, who devotes two houre twico a weak to one meetings. Onr hSf?i ?. -4en». on tha «d ti,! L4i' ded o£1 'SiS 'eoolng-room ISA the. UrjcPrangt, .-lWawcai a ihgd_ < , i-. pretty costumo o! blue Cannet, made with Turkish trousers, ehott skirts, and blouM waiatB. Tho stylo of drer lonves -A1 one's raovcraonts porefctly frco, uud entries u« tc cultivate groat case and i;raoe o! po-'.ure. Tbs oxtroifo ia must delightful, and wf thank Mme. de lleaulieu daily for her brilli ant idea. Homo one is elvraysplannirgacowaroara- mcut or pastime here, ond each day brings forth Roruo original Mcus to rdd to tlu« i>joy» mont o! our already thoroughly butterSy ex. Istonee. Not long ogo a courageous party of city visitors mado the bold proporitins thxtwro should start romo evening sficr datk,and drivo to an abandoned and rninH rapflg whioh lies eight miles from lloulgare and is auppraed tri be haunts. ' Wo wo-o to tako our Biqvr-r with nr. and havo a motmltpha picnic - 'iiir and writ- till the myst'u : <» o'clock, when the ghost) \ --Ik, b'ferr returning horn- ward. 1 -- 'net uur views rooaft favorably. au«i <it o'clock, one even ing last wo;, il. a coaob and tcvonl small C2tiia_f 4 ei ft.i fom tho viUa and from E:»mu of the hous« » adjoining ojre. Tho rooou was ju-t iiuniiijt to bhow itrrif over tho top o( a High hill in the distance, the night was soft r.nd balmy, and wo wero tdl in tho best of spirits, hoping even to moot tbo restless spirit of the ohl chateau, and making wagere as to who would dare go along into tho darkest corner of tbo ruiu. Tho drivo was only too soon scoompllshodj and wo clattered into tho court-yard ol the ' Korro&n; castlo just an hour after wo ldt nomo. ltains are gcnorally picbire-quc, bat some- bow this one throw a greU.x chirm over Ol all, with its pillars bu<l i.rchci toccbsd to silver by tho moonbeams, than wo l a 1 cx- pcoted. Ono tower of thn chateau stood almost complete. Timo had only covered parts oi it with tmm and vines, tbeft clam- bored into ovory element and barred every and masonry, btokanoulumns and sbattcrod arches, that told a talc ot tbo years that muri havo passed over this ooce magnificent dwel ling. Wo spoko ia lowered tones, and we walked with bushed tread through tho crumbling walls, The bravoet of us felt that it would be ouft of placo to laugh hero ; none of us felt like doubting that eomo spirit did haunt the old towor, and 1 am certain had a baud of whito- robed figures appoarod out ot the raios and begun to danao a ghastly, oli-time roel, none oi us would have lien in thu least surprised Borao ouo whispered, M L"-t us move on to eomo placo that Is not ghost-like," ond wc wandcrt.t ou to an open epsco of ground that tho kiudly moon lit op mont beautifully. Were wc all eat down on eh&rvlfl; and rugs. After a short pause, every ono began talking at once, as if fctling tlif necessity of ruusiug each other from tho cnohantor's spell which had fallen npon us. " Don't think any ono will go back to that placo nt twelvo o'clock," a timid voioe spoke out from oar circlo, and tbo remark was an swered with a hearty laugh and frank con fessions that tho ruins and the ghosts could havo it all to themselves at thnt hour for Ml wo cared ; and io effectually chase away any ombre thoughts that might still be larking labour minds, wc turned oar thoughts sapper- wards. To alter the genera! routine cf French pienies, instead of having brought everything oooked and prepared, the gentle- mon bad voluuticrcd boforo leaving home to oook all that wu would require. A largo lire was soon started, and every ono set to work — tho ladies to arrango the table, tha gentle men to assort their pans and eajjcn'fa, and Iho servants to assUt here, there, aud every where. It was great sport, this oooking oat of doors at night, with the moon above us liko a groat control cbandolier, and the ear- riogo lamps about likeao many fire-flics aft a faity feast. And such a supper we eat down to I No wonder Frenchmen are eoeb gour mets it thoy can all roaster the culinary art as perfoolly as oar frionds did the other even-' ing. Ohiaken a ta Bordtlait , crab a ta Creole, potatoes a la Richelieu , and oysters est toquilles wero only a few of the things that mado up a most sumptuous menu. Somo one had brought a guitar, some one else a fluto, and another a violin, and after wc had enjoyed our repast, the mneieiana of tho pirly suggested an impromptu donoa. Partners were hastily engsgtd, and op to tbo stroko of twelve wd dsi ud on the smooth greensward to our hcart'n content. Just as the last notes o! the minute died away, a white figure appeared on too tower and blow a long and loud blart from a trum pet. Wo all started to our feet, wbitewitb tcr- ror and speeohlesB with aa untold fear. Rtu it was only my rogue of a cousin who had played us this practical joke. 