EASTER SERVICES. Christ Church (Congregational). — The Rev. W. Law preached on . Sunday morning from Matthew xviii,, 5-6, the subject being the death and resurrection of Christ. The rev. gentleman remarked that readers of the Bible must have noticed that three of the most important events recorded - : therein took place in gardens. When God made man in His own image and placed him in the Garden of Eden it was no doubt ' a place of exceeding loveliness ; no doubt God had focussed into that portion of the earth much physical beauty and grandeur. But in that garden man sinned, and from henceforth the cultivation of the earth became a toil — a hard necessity, The bitter remembrance of sin was left, but although God was grieved He did not forsake man. The Son of God came, and He passed through His great agony, and sorrow in the Garden of Gethsemane, on the Mount of Olives. It was a natural temple where he prayed, with skies over head and the olive trees, fruit, and -flowers around Him. In that sacred spot the great conflict took place, and Jesus was enabled to say '* Father, not my will, but thine, be done,' teaching to humanity that gtfjeat lesson of submission to God. After Christ died on the cross, He was buried in the garden ot Joseph of Arimathaea, in a new tomb, the scene of the text,the facts concern ing which were being disseminated through? oufc Christendom during Easter Sunday. The preacher drew a picture of the visit of the women to the sepulchre of Christ, and the declaration to them by the angel of the resurrection, contrasting their love and joy 'with the fear exhibited by the keepers. Theme women were forerunners of a long succession of Christian?. The love of the women was the same as that shown by St. Psul and the martyrs, which had lived through centuries and taken hold of the people; it was still operating upon a larger scale than ever, building churches, establishing schools, founding missions, and teaching the young, and that love would never die, never fail until the world should be brought under the subjection of the crucified one. St. Paul's. — The Easter decorations at St. Paul's are invariably attractive of much interest, and although on Sunday they were not quite equal to thos^ of former years they were greatly admired. Upon the altar, which is generally the most striking feature of the decorations, there were six vases filled with white dahlias, and a border of reeds was arranged on each side of the communion table. The screen was covered in tasty fashion with ivy and asparagus, and sur mounted with a cross of yellow dahlias, the work of which fell to the lot of Mr Allom. The lectern and pulpit were decorated with ivy, interwoven with white arbutulands, and having thereon an anchor and cross of white dahlias respectively. The fall stool waB covered with moss and a white cross laid upon it, and a beautiful anchor of white everlastings lay at the base. The font looked very pretty, it being covered with moss and surmounted with a dome and cross of white pompome dahlias, anemone, and maidenhair ferns, and at the base there was a group of ferns. The pillais were entwined with ivy and the wall and windows covered with designs. The whole of the work was carried out by the members of St. Paul's Church Guild. Church op the Apostles. — The local and visiting priests were engaged in this church on Saturday hearing confessions up to a late hour at night, and as a conse quence, when the Very Eev. Dean Beechinor, who celebrated the eight o'clock mass on .Sunday morning, came to the altar rails to give holy communion he found a great concourse of the faithful awaiting him. After administering the sacrament to these hundreds of people who returning to their seats in the body of the building, a large number of men, who had been , sitting in one of the aisles, rose in a body and, headed by their officers, marched up jto the rails. These were the members of the St. Patrick's Branch of the Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, who had come at the instruction of their chap lain (the Bev. John O'Mahony) to take their first annual communion in a body. At i 11 o'clock high mass was sung by Father O'Mahony, who was assisted by the Bev. M. Mary as deacon, and the Bev. J. J. E. Quinn as sub-deacon. Dean Beechinor was master of the ceremonies, and at the laat gospel he entered the pul pit. After reading the usual routine notices he referred to the feast celebrated that day, and made an appropriate dis course, in which lie highly congratulated the congregation on, behalf of his brother priests and himself on the devote way they had attended to the ceremonies during holy week, and' then approached the altar that morning. He said that if a priest required consolation on earth he could get none greater than to witness the devotion of. his flock; and he honestly confessed from his heart that the scene that morning had deeply moved him. The number of com municantB was very large, and he especially referred to the great proportion of men who attended. Amongst these were the members of tnat very useful benefit society which was growing up in their midst and doing so much good. He hoped the members would per severe in the excellent work they had com menced, and he sincerely thanked all for their attendance under the difficulties of the very inclement weather. In the even ing the building was again crowded, when the priests, with the assistance of the choir, chanted the vespers. Father D. J. Q' Sullivan (of the African, missions) pieached a brief but eloquent sermon on the/ BesurreoHon of Christ, aud Dean Beechinor, assisted by Father O'Mahony as deacon, and Father Mary as sub-deacon, gave the benediction. The choir sang Hadyn's Miss No. 2 at the 11 o'clock service* JU.isses jvenneaiiy ana uioson ana Messrs Gladstone Eyre and H. Green taking the solos. Mrs Erskine Parker pre sided at the organ, and a full orchestra under the . leadership of Mr Cecil West brook also assisted. The high altar was beautifully decorated. Tamab, street Chuboh. — The Bev. J. GK Wright conducted the services on Sunday, and preached an impressive ser mou in the morning from the words f* God was in Christ reconciling the world unto Himself,' 2nd Cor., v., 19. In the evening hie subject was 'The keystone of Christianity, or the resurrection of Christ,' chosing for his text Acts ii., 32, 'This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses/' He remarked that the religion of Christ appealed to the intellec tual as well as to the emotional in man, and while there were some Scriptural statements which Christians received asfacta without being able to explain the ' how ' and '? why ' there were other events clearly and. logically established. Christ's resurrection belonged to the latter class. The preacher then dwelt upon the presumptive evidence afforded by the circumstances of Christ's burial, the testimony of the apostles, the descent of the Holy Ghost on the church, and the existence of the church to-day ; each and all of these points went to prove that Christ rose from the dead. In an animated and earnest appeal the hearers were exhorted to study the character and follow the example of the crucified, but now risen Saviour. . Church of Christ Conference. — The conference of the above church was held at Temperance Hall, York-street, on Good Friday and Saturday. Present — J. G. Price (chairman), and the following dele gates :— Messrs K C. Fair lam, Latrobe ; G. Smith, North Hobart 5 Wm. Donaldson, evangelist, Hobartj J. G. Pric?, D. Duft, E. Wood, T. Hodgson, W. Duft, W. J. Tomkinson, Launceston. Also a number of the brothers and sisters of the church at .Launceston. Many other delegates were expected, but cculd not attend owing to insufficient notice being given them. Mr J. G. Price opened the meeting with Ywa.'oev nnr? n.lnrt cra.vrn o.n Anf.ltno nf* f.TiA reasons why the conference was convened, the chief being the advisableness of co operating in obtaining an evangelist to spread the Gospel. The conference unanimously agreed that ifc was the best course to adopt, and recommended it to a committee consisting of one member of leach of the eleven churches in Tasmania. Mr B. [G. ? Fairlam was elected president of the next conference, to be held at Hobart on Good Friday, 1805, and the fol lowing were appointed vic- presidentB :— MessrB J. Wooley, Bream Creek ; J. Byard, Mole Creek ; Mr Wheeler, Hobarfc ; conference secretary, W. J. Tomkinson. After the usual votes of thanks to the ladies for providing refreshments, and to the chairman, the meetiug was closed with prayer. St. John's Chubch.— Special Easter services were held on Sunday. There were three celebrations of the Holy Communion at 8, 10, and 11, and a special children's service in the afternoon. The Eev. B. C. ' N. Kelly was the preacher at the morning service and the Rev. F. Parnall in the evening. The church was most tastefully decorated with, white flowers. The Mis sion House and St. Oswald's, Trevallyn, were also suitably decorated, and serviees conducted in the evening by Bev. E. C. N. ;Kelly and Mr C. Fawns. At Franklin Viliiage the Holy Communion was cele brated at 11 by the Rev, S. Ingle, who also officiated in the evening and at Breadal bane in the afternoon. At the WesTeyan church last evening (writes our Lefroy correspondent Mon day) the*- Bev. S. J. Sullings, who is leav ing for another district, preached his fare well sermon to a very large congregation, his closing remarks being very earnest and impressive. The choir rendered special hymns. . 