€rixntb0. Zoo. Fine. Clear. Bijou. Show. Diotator Lane. Cricket mania. Bravo, Reedman. Central, 5,737 oz. Keep it up. Dyer. Block 10, 8,100 oz. Coming cricketers. Well done, Darling. Mr. Snell back again. Garden bints on page 6. Proprietary, 243,532 oz. " Mateship"atadiscount. A crusade against the Lord*. Tobacco factories'procession. Free fights in New Australia. Is the wheat market moving ? Ab-Original on the unemployed. Saving Bank deposits inareaaing. G.O.M. at last takes a baok eeat. Scotch night at the Continentals. Australia absorbed in a boy's game. The Boys' Field Club well officered. Sir W. V. Haroourt out in the cold. No room here for loafing Micawbers. New Australia iswone than the old. Tobacco-twisters enjoying themselves. Last appearance of Napoleon's Ghost. Barometer at 11 o'olock to-day 29.93. Methodist Union had • narrow squeak. Poll for Norwood Auditor on Monday. " A Pair of Lunatics at the Bijou.* 1 Ob! South Australia v. Victoria—seoond day. Robbing the genuine distressed of charity. An ex-Mayor appointed Clerk of St. Peters. Sensational news from Paraguay on page 5. Old Kaulbars still jumping as vigorously as ever. \- " The Squatter's Pardon" at the Bijou tonight. The Premier monopolised the time last night. St. Peter's Corporation involved in law again. The " Squatters' Pardon" preceded by a dance. Tyranny for justice substituted in New Australia. Junction smelter men's wages further reduced. Radioals will not tolerate a Premier 4n the Lords. Another welcome sooial to Sir Edwin Smith. Pojie and Sibbald—one growls and the other gushes. Snell and Toms generous rival reoordjnakers. Kot much to blow about—17 to 49—eh. Burgess. South Australia aocused of handicapping shipping. Paraguayan police have appeared in New Australia. There are some nuggetty ponies in South Australia. A freeh novelty at the Cyclorama on Monday night. Mr. J. C. Bailey appointed Towa Clerk for St. Peters. The Chief Secretary has a good speeoh bottled up. Where ewery prospect pleases aad only man is vile." The ladies wDl have their innings with the horses to-day. Kail way raoeiprts are sot very encouraging to the Treasurer. Black sheep from the Sydney Parliament in the Divorce Court. Dr. Teiohelmann graduated at Port Adelaide for Adelaide. The decencies of life most be observed even on the Park Lands. Increase of deposits in Savings Bank for February, £11,800 8s. How unoomfortably Bareastio aome Ministers can be in debate. Glenelg people want the Government to purchase the railways. Hugh Kalypta* expatiating o> reoordbreakers and lie-abeds. There is a touch of the great unwashed about that Park Camp. Adelaide Corporation is bound to protect the health of its citizens. The unemployed to be asked to desist. Where next will they got Methodist Union snatched from the fire . with a two-majority vote. t Don't forget that to-morrow is the Children's Hospital Sunday. Members of the G.U.O.O.F. will remember P.G.M. Pope, now of Paraguay. Trade and Labour Council anxious to separate the sheep' from the goats. Cyclorama—Ghost of Napoleon make* his last round at the Waterloo to-night. Sun rose at 5.60 a.m., sets at 6.S4 p.m. Moon rose at 1.8 a.m., sets at 4*22 p.m. Messrs. Colton & Co.'a extensive manufacturing business is a credit to Adelaide. Two purse- trick men tried to gull the yokels at the Show, but Wapstraw was too shrewd. The Queen appears to have been very genial when Mr. Gladstone went to discuss bis resignation. A religious debate, like a communietio settlement, reveals a vast play of human nature. British Broken Hill Proprietary Company's office is being transferred from Melbourne to Adelaide. Wesleyan Conference affirmed in favour of immediate progress towards Methodist Union by 49 votes to 47. The power of the children's pence for the relief of their siok sistera and brothers to be tested to-morrow. It was said that South Australia had only one or two bats, but yesterday's performance told a different tale. Touching the new postage stamp, when shall we find kangaroos sitting under ferntrees in South Australia? Messrs. G. McGregor. J. N. Birks, and H. Adams selected to stand for Legislative Council as Labour candidates. The Lyltelton Times of February 16 has very complimentary references to Way College and Dr. Torr's system ot education. "In law, medicine, art, and letter* Port Adelaide had worthy representatives." Also trade and oommerce, modest Mr. H. W." Thompson. A husband is presumed by common law to be able to control his^wife without recourse to law. That shows that common law is sometimes uncommon sense. It is hard to give credence to protestations of brotherly affection when they are inter* mingled with paingiving sarcastio utterances concerning an opponent in discussion. One of the paying professions of Paris is said to be that of a luggage packer. In many of the little portmanteau shops you oan hire a man who will paok your trunks artistically, folding expensive gowns and other garments in tissue paper, and stowing away delioate brio-a-brac in the safest way. The South Australian dearly loves a good horse. Let the lover his mistress'., beauty rehearse. And land her attractions in Unsuwhiog verse; Be it mine in rude straius, but with truth, to en- Thelovenhat men have for a really good hone. It is easy enough to procure a piano worth £3,000 or £4,000 if you have the cash. Millionaires manage the trick by employing leading artists to paint the case. Alma Tadema and E. J. Poynter were once employed to embellish a piano, and their remuneration wai about £2,500. Without this adornment the best piano possible would only cost about £150. Horses, when asleep, always haVe one ear pointed to the front. Why this is so, no hut^an being oan tell, but the probability is that the practice is a relio of the time when they were wild and obliged to be on their guard, even when asleep. Whether OT not this is the case, the fact is certain that while cattle are apparently indifferent as' to the position of their ears when sleeping, and no matter how these appendages may be plaoed, both are pointed alike, horses always pom! one ear forward. The number of British Royal Academicians is 42, in addition to whom there are 2 Honorary Retired Aoademicians and 6 Honorary Foteign Aoademioians. There are also at least 20 Associate* and 2 Associate engravers. The Royal Academy IB a private Society, supporting a school from its own resources, without any grant of public money. The members are . under the control and superintendence of the Sovereign. ] member of this body u 'entitled to fceng pictures At the annual fc xfeibrtiMb " 