The Essayist. TAVERNS OF OLDEN TIMES. A hotel bears about the same relation to an inn or tavern that a stepmother does to a real genuine mother—at its very best it is but an imitation of the original. In the old-fash- ioned inn the traveller found, not only good cheer, but a hospitality that made an atmos- phere of home for its patron. The host laid himself out to please his customer. If his bill was long, his manner was never short. He always had a fund of stories to tell, if the traveller wanted good fellowship, and his family was as anxious as he to contribute to the entertainment. A dancing bear or a strolling musician would be pressed into ser- vice, or boy tumblers and their trick dogs paid to perform in the comfortable public room, the floor of which might be sanded, but neat and clean as any parlor. The landlord of such a house was one who seemed born to be sociable at the right time, and knew when to efface himself. He had an assortment of stories, one for the squire, amd another for the squire's man. He could distinguish at a glance the social grade to which his cus- tomer belonged. His hirelings were taught to be attentive and deferential, and to make themselves useful. Much has been said by the great writers of the world about the old inns where they spent their happiest hours. Dr. Johnson de- clared that there was no private house where people could enjoy themselves as well as at a good tavern. Crabbe declared that all com- forts of life were found there, and Archbishop Leighton desired to die there, as Spenser did. Shenstone's fine poem has been quoted until it has become a literary vagrant : ' Here, waiter, take my sordid ore, Which lackeys else might hope to win ; It buys what courts have not in store— It buys me freedom at an inn. ' Who'er has travelled life's dull round, Where'er his stages may have been, May sigh to think he still has found The warmest welcome at an inn.' In the old inns smoking and drinking were the great characteristics of the place, but there must have been inspiration in the smoke, for it was the breath of genius, and there were few such tragedies occurring through drink as those of the present time. Perhaps the beer and wine were better, less heady, than they are now, but the long con- vivial sittings seldon ended in anything worse than a political squabble. Gold- smith and Addison were familiar spirits at inns. The English inn is notably the best of the kind. A graphic description gives this glowing picture of one of the public houses of merry England : ' The porch is blooming ; and the privet hedge running along the low wall does not shut out a culinary garden, deficient neither in flowers nor in fruit, with a bower at the end of the main gravel-walk, where, at tea or toddy, in love or friendship, you may sit, ' the world forgetting, by the world forgot,' or take an occasional peep at the various ar- rivals. Right opposite, on entering, you see the bar and that pretty barmaid, she is the landlord's daughter. ' The parlor on the left, sir, if you please,' says a silver voice, with a sweet English, accent, and before you have had time to read the pastoral poem on the paper that gives the parlor walls their cheerful character, the same pretty creature comes trippingly in with her snooded hair comb-surmounted, and having placed you a chair, begins to wipe the table, already dust- less as the mirror in which she takes a glance at her shadow, as you take a gaze on her substance ; and, having heard your sovereign will and pleasure expressed, with all the re- spectful tenderness of a subject, retires with a courtesy ; and leaves you stroking your chin, in a mood of undefinable satisfaction with her, with yourself, and with all the world.' Not only did the old inn furnish through its many distinguished wits and poets who habitually lounged there, brilliant and mag- nificent contributions to literature, but there are whole volumes of clever and amusing stories and epigrams told concerning the pa- trons of hostelries. A patron ordered a particular cut of beef and sent a lad for it. This was at the pri- vate-room dinner, not at the table d'hote. The boy was gone so long that the diner stared at him in amazement when he re- turned. ' Same lad ?' he asked anxiously. ' Yes sir.' ' Bless me, how you have grown ; you're almost a man now.' Then he complacently ate the beef. ' The Angel' used to be a favorite sign for an inn. ' An Anchor' was another one ; often represented by a female figure leaning on an anchor, both being painted on a swing- ing board. One such hostelry had this verse appended : ' Coil up your ropes, and anchor here, Till better weather does appear.' A peculiar name for a tavern sign was ' The Honest Lawyer,' which attracted much attention, as the figure carried its head under its arm after the fashion of the traditional ghost. Shakespeare immortalized Dame Quickly of the Boar's head, Eastcheap, and our own Washington Irving added tribute to the literary memoranda on this subject, and made the room he occupied at the Red Horse, Stratford-on-Avon, so famous that it was ever after known as the ' Irving parlor.' Portugal and Russia have inns which are famed for the admirable manner in which they are kept, the first being supplied al- ways with surroundings of histornic incident and with a most interesting landlord, and the other welcoming the traveller with a hot samover in which is brewed the favorite hot tea for which Russia is noted. Keats wrote of the Mermaid tavern : ' Souls of poets dead and gone What Elysium have you known, Happy field or mossy cavern Choicer than the Mermaids' tavern ?' Longfellow says in Hyperion : ' The next stopping place was the little tavern of the Star, an out of-the-way corner of the town of Salzig. It stands on the banks of the Rhine, and directly in front of it, sheer from the water's edge rise the mountains of Liebenstein, and Sternefels, each with its ruined castle.' The oldest tavern in Camden town dates from the first part of the past century. It began as a cottage with a thatched roof, and its owner, Old Mother Red Cap, lived to a great age. Her successors had a sign repre- senting the old woman in her red cap with a glass of ale in her hand, and these verses ap- pending : ' Old Mother Red Cap, so they tell the tale, lived twenty and a hundred years by drink- ing this good ale. It was her meat, it was her drink, and medi- cine beside, And if she still had drank this ale, she never would have died.' The Queen's Head is always a popular sign in England. It usually represents good Queen Bess in its wooden portraiture, and is supposed to secure good patronage for the inn —M. Lynn. 