TALES AND SKETCHES. THE EXILE'S DAUGHTER. BY JOSlîl'H HATTON, Author ot "Cruel London," "Clytie," " Three Recruits," " Under the Great Seal," " By Order of tho Czar," &c.;, &c.; [ALL RllîllTH HKSKBFEn] ' ClIAlTKIt VIII.-Coi'ii) ON THE BANKS I or TUE STYX. Geoffrey suddenly found himself in the presence of a massive rock, with a grey front that was wrinkled willi limc-wom furrows, but variegated with straggling vegetation, anil further adorned with flowers that wared gently to and fro in the glowing August air. The sky was perfectly clear above, and against it like a finishing decoration of the enormous rock was a fringe of stunted trees iu artistic outline. lu thc centre of this pile of limestone there spread out on cither hand a stupendous arch- way. Il might have been the portal of some wondrous temple that had been dedicutcd to the gods itt thc days when such deities abouuded. Or to seek for u more familiar similarity il might have been Hie western front of au ancient cathedral, smitten with age and worn out of all semblance to any distinctive order of architecture. Âgaiu, to range thc fancies of fiction, it might have been the cave of a magician ; for at thc very cutrauce there »ero tiles of strange uncanny looking poles-or "standards'' a« tiley arc technically called -with cross-like und augiilai beams from which swung ropes with peu janis hanging front them, suggesting gibbets; not realistic gibbets such as one recalls as land- marks in the criminal history of the country, but Buch as a witch or wizzard might have set up as thc gruesome ornaments ol a dark and weird retreat. Geoffrey eau- that these gallows-like erections were repeated right aud left, running away into shadow. There were also wooden guides for ropi:s and twines, made strangely picturesque with incidents of great twioe drums, und wheels of smaller dimensions. Presently entering the cavern he became one of a crowd of people ; all busy except himself, no witches or magicians, but simple rope makers plying their trade; a most remarkable sight, be thought, and impressive as il was remarkable. He observed that the factory was cut off from a higher path by posts and rails ; and in a corner on his right was a wooden hut, a roofed-in shanty at thc door of which stood his guide, Adscr Blythe. Pausing to take in the general scene, he recognised thc girl as its leadinc figure. The very composition of her surroundings gave her the foremost place in tlic foreground. She was .the one tender bit of colour, it would bo no exaggeration to say that she was indeed the one sweet bit of humanity in thc picture. This is no dis- paragement of thc women and girls down below her in the ropery ; for they no longer belonged to the scene in which Adser was thc leading actress. They were cut off from the path to thc inner cavern, and thc light of the entrance fell upon her in a slanting beam, as a very deftly arranged shaft of limelight in a theatrical scene might have rested upon the heroine of a play. Adscr Blythe was a young woman who would have challenged your attention where ever you might have seen her ; but here in this strange place she gave a feminine touch to ber grim environment that was peculiarly charming. Mr Jerry Bray was quite right: about her taste in dress, or her instinct, one might better say, for the attire that suited her best, not alone in the matter of personal appearance, but os regarded the work she had to perform ; for she was a person of many duties. She not only acted as guide to the cavern, but always the first to rise at the Lapidary's Cottage, she made thc fire, got breakfast ready and frequently took charge of the Museum, let alone having to take miscellaneous lessons from Zodack Bradford.: On summer days Bbc helped a friendly farmer in the hay field, was a good hand at whe '.t harvesting, though there was very little corn growing in the Peak ; she had also occasional fits as rambling about the hills, and would bring home trophies of all kinds, nuts, berries, flowers and geolocical specimens, some of which Zodack would polish for ber and im- mortalise. Now and then she would be away for many hours, and return home through the cavern when they thought she had already left that mysterious country underground. Adscr knew more about the Devil's Cavern than all thc historians, geologists and mining engineers put together ; but at present that is her «ecrot. On this August afternoon Geoffrey Lathkill took especial note of her os she stood within the light near the keeper's hut. She was above the medium height of woman. Her head was bare of hat or bonnet. It was well poised upon her shoulders, that were broad but sloping Her hair was roughly bound up into a knot in her neck. It was a dull red, and there was a crispness in it that betokened a tendency to curl. It was slightly parted in thc middle, and came down low upon un open though closely knit forehead. Her eyes were a deep blue, with dark brows und lashes, aud her face had the paleness that is often seen with red hair, though in her case it had none of thc waxy appearance that goes with freckles. It WSB a genuine complexion that many ladies in society endeavour to imitate with bismuth and other artificial washes. The girl's lips were ruddy and her teeth white. Her mouth was a good- tempered mouth. It laughed easily, was sensitive also to a pitiful story, but with a certain firmness that might justly inspire trust and confi- dence. Her chin was very different in contour from that af our friend Tregarron ; il was broad, and at the same time round, not a prominent chin such as certaiu modern painters of classic figurcB love to depict, but a lovable, human, honest chin, belonging to a real womanly face, with a nose not too pcrccft, having the faintest suggestion of thc retrousse and yet not without dignity ; one of those noses in short that women get old gracefully with, not too prying a nose, not thc nose that is eternally poking into other people's busi- ness ; a nose that was perfectly in harmony with the frank open laughing face of one of thc loveliest creatures that Geoffrey Lathkill thought he had ever seen. Adser was dressed in a brown serge bodice and skirl, showing snout pair of uukles, in blue woollen stockings, una an equally neat pair of feet in strong tennis shoes. Uer dress was slightly open at thc neck, und she wore a soft white kerchief. Her waist was loosely clasped by a brown leather belt, fastened with a silver buckle, a present from Zodack Bradford, who had bought it from a dealer, who iu his turo bad bought it from un old woman, who had taken it from the clasps of an old Bible. Geoffrey did not know this until later ; but it is just as well to mention thc fool iu this place. The general effect of Adser on the not too susceptible male mind would be that of afine, healthy, good-natured, hand- some girl ; and this was thc effect on thc mind of Geoffrey Lathkill on his first intro- duction to her at thc cottage, hut herc, in thc Devil's Cavern, and with thc music of God's factory iu his curs, she Beemed to him something Btrunpe and altogether unusual in her beauty. He was artist enough to know that allowance had lo be mude for accessories ; had he not exhibited more thau once at thc Academy, and was lie not often seen at thc Salon ? But there was something so fine, so innocent, so fearless, so noble, in thc expres- sion of thc countenance generally, that later in the day l.e begun to question himself concern- ing the sensations of whut is called low at first sight. It was as if he was awakening from a dream when Adser stid, " Now, sir, will you come? Have yon anything you would like to leave in thc office ?" " Is this thc office?" asked Geoffrey, looking into thc hut. "Yes, thc visitors book's in there and visitors pay for udiuissiou, and sign their names, but Mcstcr Mucklcthorpe says you're not to be charged, und he's tvaitiug for us yonder." She pointed to the dark end of thc ropewalk, where a small door was open, and a light could bo tceu glimmering afar off. Geoffrey, ai he followed his cuide, observed that not only was she beautiful, but that her voice was not the uneducated voice that had Btruck him as characteristic of most of the ordinary classes of tho Peak people. While she waa not altogether without a dialect, she spoke with a good selection of words, and she Grenounced most of them correctly. The rcadth that she allowed to her vowels aud her occasional use of thou and thee seemed to add distinction to ull slio said. Considering that Geoffrey had conversed with women of all classes, colours, and nations, it was odd that he should travel into this humble corner of Derbyshire to rind what to his mind was an ideal beauty in the guide lo a show-cavern, and the daughter of II drunken rope-maker. Thrustiug a lighted candle in his hand thc nimble-footed guide the next moment Btood on a projection of ro"k above him, and oracularly uiinounced t hat this was " one of the largest known caverns in thu world, extending upwards of two thomand two hundred feet into t he mountain, and dipping to six hundred below its summit, thc grand natural archway forming thc entrance being forty-two feet high, and one hundred und twsuty wide. Guides, animate ami inanimate, take delight al«'«ys in figures. Adser Blythe had learnt thu lesson from lier predecessor. The original story had come down from thc most primitive guides to 11 thc she native of thc Elucc," who lcd Thomas Hobbs, of Malmcs ury, through the cavern some two hundred odd years ago. lt in nut u little curious that in his day thc guide should have been a hand- some girl. " Who willi her stalely toot and aoccnt clear, As cuide emboldens un uitli malty a cheer." Tradition and usage arc everything in thc Peak. A girl wai among thc guides who piloted Queen Victoria through the cavern before her Majesty's marriage, and rowed her over the dark waters of I ho Derbyshire Styx while a hmas band played " God save thc Queen." It would inlerest her Majesty in these latter days to hear her faithful subjects in thc Peak tell strangers all about this great eveut ; how the Queen Btooped with the rest under the dark subterranean arch and lay down like any other mortal while the boat was pushed through the tunnel into the semi darkness beyond. "Follow me, please," said Adser Blythe, as she dashed ahead of this enraptured visitor, to emerge into the first spacious opening of thc cavern. "This, said Adser, in her oracular manner, " is called thc Bell House ; on the other side of this spacious hall, sud which wc shalt cross, is a stream of water fourteen feet in width. This UBcd to be traversed iu a boat. Visitors hod to lie flat ou their backs while it was rowed through. There was first u low arch to go uuder ; you had to crawl through it ; Her Majesty Queen Victoria when she visited thc Peak suspected this cavern and made the excursion beneath the archway, and in the boat over what is Cillcd thc River Styx. If you hold your light down you can see the remains of the old boat in which the Queen was ferried." Geoffrey lowered his guttering double candle and noted the decaying timbers of a punt. Turning to make a remark, he saw bis guide's light some distance ahead. He heard her say, " bc careful, bend your hoad," aud when ho had done so he wes in another 8paciou8opeuing, having a roof that was black with weird shadows. " This .magnificent hall," said the guide, whose face was illuminated hy the light of a candle held above her head, " is two hundred and twenty foot in length, two hundred broad, and a hundred and twenty feet high. The sound you hear is that of the river that takes its rise in this stupendous cavern, and is thc chief water supply of Castleton. In wet and stormy weather it rices to a great height, completely filling the cavern and rendering it wholly impassable, leaving behind a deposit of mud, or fine sand, such as you will observe on either side of you embanked. It is this fine material that lapidaries uie for their best work in polishing. This openiug is called 'Thc Grand Saloon,'or "Pluto's Hall,' and if you will putout your light and stund where you are for a minute you shall sec it illu- minated ;" wheteupou she pursed her lips and whistled u signal tn "Meeter Muckle thorpc," who was waiting in a well-chosen corner with a pan of blue fare. Before Geoffrey could pay Adser the com- pliment that was on his lips she had blown out her candle and disappeared. Her voice, as it commanded " putout your light, please," sounded afar off, though it was ouly a few feet above him. When all of a sudden the subterranean hall was illuminated, Geoffrey saw a wild excava- tion with natural steps here, aud there and pieces of rock and stalactites in impressive confusion, aud a broken roof that appeared to have no end. The blue fire with its illu- minated smoke being extinguished, Adser was by his side. He did not know it until he heard her voice. " Let me light your candle, please," she said. She little dreamed to what extent she bad lighted the candle of his imagination and how brightly it was burning, bow it flashed up when Bhe spoke, how entranced he was under thc spell of her voice in this strange subter- ranean world. "Oh, thank you," was all he could say at thc moment, os Adser struck a common lucifer match and relighted the two candles, which he carried like a cheap torch. " Follow me, please," she said. " I certainly will," licanswered, " but wait one moment." " There is no danger," she said, " it is all plain sailing now." " But there is much danger, said Geoffrey, " where did you get that soft sweet voice ?" Adser was accustomed to compliments, and from thc moment that she had thought Geoffrey was quizzing her, she had kept a check upon her words and manner, though she had been very careful in her pronunciation \- her elocution, as Zodack Bradford named it-on this special occasion as much in honour of the Duke e letter as for the reason that she had an instinctive desire to please the dis- tinguished-looking young fellow with whom at hrst she was inclined to gossip and chut iu her most free and easy manner. Her only response to Geoffrcy'squcstion about her voice was her signal-whistle to Mucklcthorpc, a little trill of a few notes that went echoing through the cavern like a cry of a bird, lu response Geoffrey saw tiny lights appear one after thc other like thc lampB of a dim city in zig-zag fashion, one here, another there, and then iu rows as you may nee the gaslamps shimmer when thc lamplighters arc busy in the wintry quarters of un old town. Adser went on with her tiny llame as it to join in this pretty I winkling of lumps, presently, however, to pause aud announce thc next feature of interest. " ThiB is Roger Rain's house, so called from thc continual dripping of water which you notice ; but we will coulinue please, you won't like to he kept standing in the wet." This last remark was made hy way of apology, as she passed to the " Chancel " and "Orchestra." . . "Some folk call it the chancel only ; and what they call thc orchestra 1 call the choir. Give me your hand." Once more she was hy his side, he hardly knew how, and she was leading him to a point where he could best sec thc natural beauties of thc place known as thc Victoria Hall ; and Adser knew more about it and thc strange place and thc strange headways und incidents of the tippet strata of the rock tliun uny other living soul. Many a search had been made by engineers, antiquarians, friends of Mückle thorpe and agents of the Duke of Devonshire, to timi thc secret way that it was said had existed between the Castle of I'ever il and thc Deni's Hole ; but none of them had pene- trated to u point that Adser knew ; and Mucklethorpeulways declared that the men in armour in the old flays would never have cone further than thc reek under which the Queen bad been conducted aud out on thc other side upon an underground river. Adser, by the way, hud forgotten to inform Mr, Geoffrey Lathkill that the rock had boen blasted for a passage-way since thc Queen's girlhood. Tho cave ms too full of ghosts and devilries, Mucklethorpe argued, In the days when men fought in metal coats, for any of Peveril's men to have persevered into the furthest recesses of the Devil's Hole with the awful sound of underground rivers and fiends' cauldrons in their cars. " They worked a way into the cavern 1" he would say scornfully, "might as well say they took a hath in bottomless pit of Speedwell minc where the river out o' Devil's Hole falls like ten thousand catlorax, and into which miners for years and years chuckled their stuff, thousand o' tons, aud not made a jot o' diflerencu." The recollections of Mucklethorpe as thc f;uidc Bet Adser off ¡uto a little fit of merry aughtcr that sounded almost uncanny in the dark passage they were threading,' with herc and there about them the splash of many waters. " I must come one day and hear him," Geoffrey replied. " Do, it is as good us a Punch and Judy show," said Adser, adding iu anothar tono of voice altogether, "this spot is called thc Devil's Hole," (projectiug lier candle into »lie entrance of a dark cavity), " and now wc are coming to thc Ualf-Way House. Stand herc and Mucklethort-c will light it up." She whistled, and almost at once thc place wus aglow with blue fires and red, to bc followed by intense darkness. " You whistle wonderfully," said Geoffrey, but there was no response to his remark. Adser had disappeared. She not only knew thc cavern by heart, but could run every step of it blindfolded, sud she was as light of foot as a gazelle. "Stay where you are one moment," she said, and bounding down a steep descent, her light in her hand, she made Geoffrey's torch twinkle once more, and remarking " now wc conic to the finest sight of all," took hold upon thc sleeve of his coat and led bim forward. " You arc thc finest sight of all I have seen yet," said Geoffroy, begïuning to feel once more at home with the girl. "Oh, I dare say," she answered with a laugh. " I am in earnest," said Geoffrey. " Of course, you are/' she answered, in a tone of banter. " Now you arc going to whistle for the lights," he said. " Don't for a moment. I like your whistle in itself, but I prefer to hear you talk, and when you whistle you go off and I leave me." Tiley were pushing their way over a rougl path, crossing narrow branches of the Styx and shouldering mighty banks of detretis, anc ever ahead of them now glittered ano twinkled, and went out, and re appeared tin torch of Mucklethorpc. thc "deus machina' of thc illumiuatory cITcctB which Adser lovee to whistle up, like thc stage manager giving signals to the prompter for rising curtains. " Hut talking is wasting thc old man's time, aud there may be other visitors that want tc sec the place, and you've got it all to yourself because you kuow the Duke. Have you beer staying with thc Duke?" she asked, hei inquisitiveness coming to Geoffrey's conversa tional assistance. " Yes, I've been shooting at Chatsworth, 01 rather over the Stanage moors, with a party -thc Duke and his friends." "Have you indeed? It's a grand place, Chatsworth !. I can't thiuk how folks can make up their minds to live in it, though. I couldn't for shame to sit down and eat my dinner with all those grand pictures looking on, and taking a chair among such splendid things ! How did you feel like in that dining room ? But there, 1 durcsay you're used to that kind of living." " Oh no, I am not," said Geoffrey, "though I have seen life of that kind, and visited at palaces iu all parts of the world." " Have you now !" she remarked, pausing to look at him, "but have you ever seen any- thing as grand as Chatsworth ?" " Well, yes, I think so, but as you say, it is a very beautiful place." " Did you see that table that's made of Blue John? Eh, but that's a wonder! Zodack Bays it's worth an awful lot of money, because you see Blue John mine is getting worked out. Zodack's made things that's prettier to look on, I think, and after all, what a thing's worth isn't all the world, is it?" "No," said Geoffrey, "there are many lovely things that are not of intrinsic value." " Cum, cum, Adser Blythe," said a voice from a remote point above them, "doan't waste gentleman's toime, cos I want to hev him see t' cavern from end t' end." "Very well," shouted Adser io reply, "get your fires ready," "Js that old Mucklethorpe ?" asked Geoffrey, " Yes," said Adser, starting on ahead, " you see we arc going to take you to the river at the end, we don't show ordinary folk more than the Victoria Hall. And this is it, you can breathe again here; put out your light." "But don't go away," said Geoffrey, "old Mucklethorpc wants no help." "Very well," said the girl, and Geoffrey noticed that there was quite a musical cadence in the way iu which she let fall those often used, conceding, and conciliating words, " Very well;" it was lier " Yes," her general affirmative, and Geoffrey was not the first who had noticed tbe music of it. While Geoffrey was thinking of this sweet "very well," Adser let off her sybilant sigua! ; this timo it was a kiud of military call, a whistling rcvcllie, " in honour of thc Queen," as she said laughingly in reply to a remark that she had different signals. " Excuse me one minute," she said, darting up a sleep declivity as tbe Bengal fires began to expose in brilliant hues the lurid crags of this vast stony apartment named after the Queen io honour of her girlish visit to tbe cavern. Nature lias constructed the place entirely of limestone. The strata is rife with marine remains intersected with chert. When lighted it has been likened to a scene from Dante's Inferno. Away up among the crags that stood out in thc smoky light of distant fires Geoffrey sow Adser by thc side of another figure. He was ruther reminded of Goethe than of Dante. Adser looked like Marguerite on the brockcu, Mucklethorpc like one of its evil spirits. Geoffrey shuddered at the passing thought, and said, "God forbid that she should ever meet such a fate !" And SB the Budden prayer dropped from IIÍB lips be was onco more in darkness, through which, however, carno the cheerful voice of his guide. " That was fine, wasn't it ?" "Indeed it was," lie answered, and ehe once innre stood by Iiis side as if alic bad swung herself down from a mountain gorge. " Thc spot you arc standing on is where Queen Victoria stood, when thc band up yonder played the Old Hundredth. I've often thought it must have been grand to bear them pluying til»t fine old hymn to thc Queen of England. Adser was unbending once more under thc courtly and respectful manner of her visitor. " It must have been very linc," said Geoffrey, us his eyes wandered to thc further- most end of thc chancel, where a row of candles marked thc locality of what Adser called thc choir, bul what WOB" gouerally known OB the Orchestra. "Thank you, Mr. Mucklethorpe," said Adser, mid at once thc lights began to disap- pear, and Adsor walked a little way ill front of thc visitor. " Do you often make these journeys through thc cavern ?" Geoffrey asked, in something of a sympathetic tone. " Oh, yes, many a time a day, when the excursion folk throng ns," BIIC said. " Dou'l you get very tired of it ?" "Ko, it amuses mc. Besides I'm paid for it. Old Mucklethorpe is a decent sort ; and you see I am not obliged lo do it : -1 just piesse myself, nat like his daughter ns had to do it whether she felt like it or not. Muckle- thorpe has to be guide himself sometimes ; you should hear him !" "Is he funny?1 " Rather. He goes at it a« if he was having a row with folks. He doesn't mean il. of course ; he's rather amiable than otherwise ; givcB folks things ; gathers mushrooms, never eats them himself ; f believe he is a down- right good man, «ld Mucklethorpe." " I'm glad to hear it ; he gave me some mushrooms. " Did he, though V Well, that is curious, and you'd only jnst seen him." " No, but where are you going now?" " Oh, a little furthor ; stoop 1 " To conquer ?" said Geoffrey, bending his head, and following bis fruide. " Folks have to stoop in this world," said Adser, and then Mucklethorpe appeared. " This sir," he said, " is t' end of t' cavern ; step over the water careful : that's it ; you'll fina it a bit slippery ; "mind yer head there, that's ole reicht; we nivvcr bring visitors os fur as this ; but we've just gotten to show yo th' consa.ru reight through. Th ay stood by nn underground river, that went rushing along at their feet. It was not in any sense a terrible sight ; nothing like the bottomless pit of thc Speedwell whither it was bound, and into which, according to Mucklethorpe, you might chuck the entire Peak country, and it 'ud mek no difference. " And now you've seen all we'n gotten to show you," said Mucklethorpe, "and I mun go on and let other folk in ; Adser will bring you to t' office, so as yo eau sign your name ; and I can only say us any other time yo may like to ecu t' place you're welcome." Left alone with Adser, Geoffrey frequently lagged behind to induce her to lengthen out thc rcturu journey, but she said it was only fair to Mcster Mucklethorpe that sho ehould got on und help him with thc visitois that would uow he sure to bo waiting. At thu office Geoffrey signed his name, and Adser said " Good-bye, sir." " No, not good-bye," said Geoffrey, " I shall sec you again : I am staying at the Castle Inn for a day or two ; besides I want to make a few purchases from Mrs. Blythe. Won't you show me Mr. Zodack Bradford's masterpieces ?" "To-morrow, peikaps," said Adser. " I shall rely upon you, then." " Very well," said Adser, looking up into his face, with a smile that set his heart beating. " Won't you shake hands ?" he said. " Very well," she replied, in a soft voice, and layiug her hand in his. '. For the present then, good-bye," he said. " Now Adser, lass, cum, here's a party waitin' for jo 1" Adser humed away. "Good-bye, sir, and thank you," said Mucklethorpc. " Good day, Mr. Mucklethorpc, and thank you," said Geoffrey, " I have no doubt the mushrooms will bc very cood. I'm going to have them (or lunch, I believe." '1 Gook'd in t' oven in drippin pan wi' plenty o' butter an' some pepper un salt, and lightest sprinklin' o' flour they're not to be beaten," said Mucklethorpc. " Yon are au epicure," Geoffrey replied, "you must come and have a glass of wine at thc Castle." "Thank yo, sir, I'm too busy just now, thank yo all t' same." "Good day then," said Geoffrey, once more looking back to see if Adser were in sight, but thc cavern looked dark and melancholy. She had disappeared. The ropers were busy, with their whoels and drums and their spinning, and thc brook was dancing aloug outside the cave. Geoffrey strolled Icisuroly along the declivity, avoiding the Lapidary's Cottage, which Mrs. Blythe observing, called to him. "To-morrow, Mrs. Blythe," he said, "I am going to stay here some time ; I will look in to-morrow." " Thank yo, sir," said Nanny, and Geoffrey went on, to meet as he entered the town his driver from Buxton. " You can put in your horses, Larry," said Geoffrey. "Ule rcight, sir," " I am not returning, however. I want you to go and fetch ray luggage." "Uh," said the driver, with an expression of sudden inquiry. " The Castle seems to be a good inn ? "Oh, yes, its first rate. I am going to stay at the Castle a day or two, the vjillage interests mc." " It does moBt visitors," said Larry, " but do you want me to come buck with the luggage to-neet 1" " Why yes, certainly," said Geoffrey. "It's a long drive to go and come back." " Here's a sovereign to shorten it," said Geoffrey. "Thank yo, sir," said Larry, "that does Bhorten it by a sight !" "And here's a ton-pound note; pay my bill and bring me the change ; tell the land- lord I shall be back at the Lion again one of these days soon." "Thank yo, sir, yes sir," said Larry, touching his hat, "yore something like a gentleman." " 'I hank you," said Lathkill, with a smile and a bow. "Not at all, sir," said Larry, "Idursay I can get back wi' bay mare and gig before yo've had yore dinner, that is if yo tek it at supper toime, as most gentlemen do." " No doubt," said Lathkill, biking ont I pocket-book and writing a message, " and I want you to give this to my man. " Yes, sir, said Larry. "I am not returning to-night," he wrote ; "take the next train to town; pack one of my large easels, and a few canvasses, bring my colour box, Borne brushes, my small tent, - and pack a hamper of champagne (Jorrock's -if there is not enough go to the wine merchant's) and come to the Castle here; Larry, thc Lion driver, will tell you how to get here; bring some clothes if you think necessary ; I shall stay here probably for a month." Tearing out the leaf upon which he had scribbled these instructions, folding up thc missive and turning down a coiner of it, he addressed it to " Mr. Perrywick." " There, Larry, give that to my man ; he is going to London for some things I want ; tell him how to get there, und see him off by the very first train to town." " I will, sir," said Larry, " is there any- thing else I can do for you ?" "Nothing; away you go, Larry." And away Larry went accordingly. (Tobe coidinutd.) 