Chapter XXII. GAMBLING WITH KATB. Late that night Kate heard Co;sar and her mother talking together as they were going to bed. Ctesnr was saying— " I got him on the track of a good house, and lie went oil to Ramsey tins morning to | put a sight on it." " Dear heart alive, father," Grannie answered, " Pete isn't home till a week come Saturday." " The young man is warm oil the wedding,' said Ciesnr, " and lie has money, and store is no sore.". " But the girl's not fit for it, 'deed she. isn't," said Grannie. " If she's wake," said Omsnr. " She'll he no worse for saying * I will,' and when she's said it she'll have time enough to get better." Kate trembled with fear. This matter of her marriage with Pete was going on without her. A sort of supernatural power seemed to be pushing it along. Nobody asked if she wished it. nobody questioned that she did 60. It was taken for granted that the old relations would stand. As soon ob she could go about she would be expected to marry Pete. Pete himself would expect it, because lie believed lie had her promise; her mother would expect it, because she had always thought cf it as a thing understood : iier father would expect it, because Pete's prosperity had given him a new view of Pete's piety and pedigree, and Nancy Joe would expect it too, it only because she was still haunted hy her old bugbear, the dark shadow of ltoss Christian. There was only one way to break down these exp?ctat!ons, and that I was to speak out. llut how was a girl to [ speak? What was she to say? Kate pretended to be ill. Three days longer she lay, like a hunted wolf in its hole, keeping her bed from sheer dread of the con sequences of leaving it. The fourth day was Sunday. It was morning, and the church bells were ringing. Ctesar had shouted from his bedroom for someone to tie his bow, then for someone to button his black gloves. He had gone off at length with tiie footsteps of the people stepping round to chapel.' The first hymn had been started, and its i doleful notes were (railing through the mill walls. Kntp was propped up in bed, and the | window of her room was open. Over the | droning of the livmn she caught the sound of a horse's Iioof6 or. the road. They stopped at a little distance, and then came on again, with the same two voices as before. Pete was. talking with great eagerness. " Plenty or house, aw plenty, plenty," lie was saying. "Elm-ccttage they're calling it— the slate one with the ouid tir tree behind the Coort-house and by the lane to Claughbane. Dry as a bone, and chine as a gull's wing. Von could He with your back to the wall and j ate off the tioor. Taps inside and water as white as gin. I've been buying the cabin ot the * Monu's Isle' for a summer-house in the garden. Got a ligare-head lor the porch too,r and I'll have un anchor for the gate before I Pm done. Aw, I'm bound to have every-1 thing nice for her." There was a short silencp, in which no thing was heurd but the step ot the horse, and then Philip said, in a faltering voice, " But isn't this being rather in a hurry, Pete ?'' " Short coorting's the best coorting, and I oars has been long enough anyway " said J Pete. They had drawn up ut the porch, and l'ete's laugh came in at the window. \- " Kuttiiink how weak she is," said Philip. " She hasn't even left her.bed yet, lias site?" " Well, yes, of coorse, sartcnly," said Pete, in a steadier voice, " if the girl isn't tit " " It's so sudden you see," said Philip. " Has she—bus she—consented t" " Not to say consented—" began Pete; and Philip took him up and said quickly, eagerly, hotly, "She can't—I'm sure she can't." There was silence again, broken only by the horse's impatient pawing, aud then Philip said more calmly, " Let Dr. Mylechreest see her first, at nil events." " I'm not a man for skinning the meadow to the sod, no—," 6aid Pete, in a doleful tone, but Kate heard no more. She was trembling with a new thought. It only a shadowy suggestion as yet, and at first she tried to heat it back. But it came again, it forced itself upon her, it mustered her, she could not resist it. The way to break the fate that was par suing Iter was to make Philip speak out! The way to stop the marriage with Pete was to compel Philip to marry her! He thought she would never consent to marry Pete— what if he were given to understand that she had consented! He would not blame her—he would lay the blame at the door of chance, of fate, of her people. He would thiuk tlicy were forcing tliis marriage upon her—the mother out of love of Pete, the father out of love of Pete's money, and Nancy out of fear of Ross Chris tian. He would know that she could not Btrugglc because she could not speak. He would believe she was yielding against her will, in spite of her love, in the teeth of their intention. He would thiuk of her as a victim, as a martyr, as a sacrifice. It was a deceit—a small deceit: it looked so harmless, too—so innocent, almost htnnorouB, half ridiculous; and she was a woman and she could not put it away. Love, love, love! It would be her excuee and her forgiveness. She had appealed to Philip himself and in vain. Now she would pre tend to go on with her old relations. It was so little to do, and the effects were so certain. In jealousy and terror Philip would step out of himself and claim Iter. Nancy came to tidy the room, and Kate said, "Where's Pete all this time, I wonder ?' "Sitting in tjie fire-seat this'half-hour," said Nancy. "I don't know in the world what's come over the man. He's rocking and moaning there like a cow lickinR a dead calf," " Would he like to come up, think you f' " Don't oak die man twice if j-ou want him to say no," said1 Nancy. Blushing and stammering and trying to straighten his black curls, Pete came at Nancy's call. Kate had few qualms. The wound she bad received from Philip bad left htt conscience leas .towards Pete. Yet she tum^ », , — a little sideways &b; she welcomed him6' ad uffi."? ***'• **.»■# ffid Pete, " I'm nearly ns well as ever " ah. »imU J?w thou«,l?" saW 'Pete. '7!! ' iou II be down soon, it's like eh *" "ea 1'W so, Pete-ciUlte soon."' And bt for anything, now—vea*" Gh, JeB, lit lor anything." .«,"?.te 'nuK*>ed from his heart lilte . 1 nawi^ar4- *> quirj'.,ipr BaidKate' witl? a »ook of in. be'elullTrKifry."8 y°a H'°«Wn'fc " Kqual to what, Pete?" JGetting-going-having-that'e 1q well, you know, putting a sight on tlta himself one of these^jsftL^fect » And, to cover his confusion, Pete laughed tiii the scrans of the roof began to snip. 11,1 1 here was a moment's pause, and ti,„_ Kate said, with a cough and a stammer S Pete?" 08 ' "l8 that 80 ver" tiring ^>?te,.jeaPt ^ron) his chair and lauahed again like a man demented. "DVe Kitty ? J lie word then, dnrling-the word & my ear—as soft as soft- " td m He was leaning over the bed, hut Kate drew away from him. and Nancy pulled htm back, saying "Get off with you, you gooset gander» b hatfor should you Mother I S girl to know if sugar's sweet, and if 8he°« E&r; se " It was done. One act, nay, half an act-a word nay, no word at all, but only silence lite aarmg venture was afoot Graunie came up with Kate's dinner that day, kissed her on both cheeks, felt them l ot, wagged her head wisely and whispered / know, yOii needn't tell we/" ■ • Tlie last hymn wus sung, Ciesar came home from chapel, changed back from his hest tl his .work-day clothes, and then therfwaa talking and laughing in the kitchen amid the nngling of plates and the vigorous rattling of knives and forks. ni1uet,l'e >«y best man," said Pete Ht* 11 be back to Douglas how, but I'll get him "° WrifC "ie a lil,e' ^ft*"' md ask ' Do you hold with long engagements Pete?" said Grannie. ^agements, " A week," said Pete, with the air of a judge, not much less any way—not of a rule you know. • " You goose," cried Nancy, "it must be tbree Sundays for the banns." " Then John the Clerk shall get them going tins evening, sai.l Pete. " Nancy htt-l the pud ot me there, Grannie. Not being in the habit ot getting married, I claue forgot about the banns. John tlie Clerk came in the afternoon and there was some lusty disputation. " We must have bridesmaid cakes, Pete—it's only proper," " Aw, yes, ami tobacco a no 1 thing respectable," saiil Pete. "And the parson—mini it's the parson now, sunl Gruniue; "none of their nasty nigh-bailiffs. I don't know in tlie world how a dacent womun enn rest in Iter bed " "Aw, the parson, of coors?—and the par son s w ife, maybe," said Pete. "I think I can manage it for you to-mor row fortnight, suid John the Clelk, impres sively, ana liiere was some chipping of hands, quickly suppresspd by Caisnr, with mutter ings of— "Popery! Clnne Popery, girl Can't a person commit matrimony without a parson bothering a man ?" Then Oesar squared lus elbows acroBS the taJfle and wrote the letter to Philip. Pete never stood sponsor for anything so pious. Kespected and Honoured Sir,—I write nret to thee that it hath l»een borne in on any mind (strong, to believe the. Lord hath spoken) to marry on Catherine Cregeen only beloved daughter of Cuisar Cregeen, a respectable man and a local preacher, in whose house 1 tarry, being free to use ail his means of .grace. Wedding to-morrow fort night at Kirk Ciirist, Lezayre, eleven o'clock forenoon, and the Lord make it profitable for my soul.—With love and reverence, thy ser vant, and I trust the Lord's, Peteb Quil liam. Having written this, Cicsar read it aloud with proper elevation of pitch. Grannie wiped her eyes, and Pete said, "Indited beautiful, sir—only you haven't asked mm. "My pen's getting crosslegs,"said Caesar, but that II do for an N.b." " N.b.—Will you come for ray best man V Then there was more talk and more laughter. "You're a lucky fellow, Pete," said Pete himself. "My sailor, you are, though. She's as sweet as clover with the bumbees humming over it, and as warm as a gorse bush when the summer's gone." And then, affection being infectious beyond all maladies known to mortals, Nuncy Joe was heard to say—" I believe in my heart I must be having a husband myself before long, or 11J lie losing the notion.1' " D'ye hear that, boys?" shouted Pole. Don't ail spake at once." " Too lute—I've lost it," said Nancy, and there was yet more laughter. To put an end to this frivolity, Caesar raised a hymn, and they sang it together with cheerlul voices. Then Caesar prayed appro priately, John the Clerk improvised responses, and Pete went out and sat on tne bottom step 111 tlie lobby and smoked up the.stairs, so that Kute in the bedroom should not . feel too lonely. ^ t Meanwhile, Kate, overwhelmed with shame, humiliation, self-reproach; horror of herself, and dread of everything, lay with cheeks ablaze and her head buried in the bedclothes. She had no longer any need to pretend to be sick ; she was now sick in reality. Fate bad threatened her. She had challenged it. They were gambling together. The stoke was ber love, her life, Tier doom.. . By the next day she bad worked herself into a nervous fever.. Dr. • Mylechreest come to Bee her, unbidden pf the family. He was one of those tall, bashful men who, In their eagerneas to Le gene, seem always to bove urgent business somewhere else. After a single glance at her and is few liratterefl syllables, he Went off hurriedly, as if someone were waiting for him. round the corner) but on going downstairs he met Ctesarywho asked him how he lonhd her. " Feverish; very; keep Iter In bed," he answered. "'As for this marriage, it must be put off. She's exciting herself, and I wont answer for the consequences. The thing has fallen too suddenly." To tell yon the truth— this way. Mr. Cregeen—l am afraid of a malady of the brain. ; "Tut.tqL doctor,"said Caesar. " Very . Weil, if you know better. Good-day I Bat let the wedding wait Traadp liooar— time enough, hfr. Oregon. A right good I^uijx maxim for once. . Put it off, put it " It's not mi* putting off, doctor. What can you do with a man that's wanting, to he, married! You can't bridle a horse with pincers." Bat, when the doctor was gone, Caesar tola to 'Grahnie,Gin out the bridtM the wedding-cakes and the fiddles and the foolery and let the girl be married iuama ^"iJear. heart alive, father, what's all the liurry f" said Grannie. . ... "And Lord bless my soul, what sail the fuss?" snid Ccesar. "First:one objecting this, then another objecting that, as if every body was intarmined to stop the thing. It's going on, I'm telling you ; d'ye hear me ? There's many a slip—but no matter. What's written with the pen can't be cut out with the axe; so Jave it alone, the lot of you." Kate was in an ecstasy of exultation. The doctor had been sent by Phil ip. It was Philip who was trying to stop the marriage. He would never be able to bear it; he would olaim her soon. It might be to-day, it might be to-morrcw, it might be the next day. The odds were with her. Kate was being worsted. Thus she clung to her blind faith that Philip would intervene. That was Monday, and .on Tuesday morning Philip came again. He wus very quiet, but the heart has ears, and Kate heard him. Pete's letter had reached him, and she could see his white face. After a few words of commonplace conversation, lie drew Pete out of the house. What had he got to say J Was he thinking that Pete must be stopped at all hazards ? Was he about to make aclean breast of it? Was' he going to tell all? Impossible 1 He could not; he dared not; it was her secret. Pete came back to the house alone, looking serious and even sad. Kate heard him exchange a few words tyijh her father as they passed through the lobby to the kitchen. Caesar was saying— . " Stand on your own head, sir, that's my advice to yo'u." In the intensity of her torment she could not rest. . She sent for Pete.. " What about Philip ?" she said. " Is he coming?, What hah he been telling you ?" . " Bad news, 'Kate—vepy bad," said Pete. There was a -fearful silence for a moment. It was like tlie awful hush at the instant when the tide turns, and youieel as if some thing has happened to the world. Then Kate hardened her face and said, " What is it ?" " He's ill, and wants to go away in a week or he can't come to theweddinj;," said Pete. ' Is that all ?" said Kate. Her heart leapt with joy. She could not help it—she laughed. She saw through Philip's excuse. It was only his subterfuge—he thought Pete would uot marry without him. " Aw, but yon never seen the like, though, Kirry," said Pete ; " he was that white and wake and narvous. Work and worry, that's the size of it. There's nothing done in this world without paying the price of it, and that's as true as gospel. ' The sea's calling me, Pete,' says he, and then he laughed, but it was the same as if a ghost itself was grinning." In the selfishness of her enfeebled spirit, Kate still rejoiced. Philip was suflering. It was another assurance that he would come to her relief. " When does he go ?" she aBked. "On Tuesday," answered Pete. " Isn't there a way of getting a Bishop's license to marry in a week f said Kate. " But will you, though ?" said Pete, with a shout of joy. " Ask Philip first. No use changing if Philip can't oome." " He shall—be must—I won't take No." " You may kiss me now," said Kate, nnd Pete plucked her up into his arms and kissed her. She was heart-dead to him yet, from the wound that Philip bad dealt her, but' at the touch of his lips a feeling of horror seemed to cramp all her limbs. With a'shudder she. crept down in the bed and bid her face, bating herself, loathing herself, wishing her self dead. He stood a moment by her side, crying like a big boy in his great happiness, " I don't know in the world what she sees in me to be so fond of me, but that's the way with the women,always, God bless them !" She did not lift her face and he stepped quietly to the door. Half-way through lie turned about and raised one arm over his head. " God's rest and God's peace be with you, and may the man that gets you keep a clane heart and a clane hand and be fit for the good woman he's won for his wife." At the next minute he went tearing down the stairs, and the kitchen rang with his laughter.. It is asserted that in times ot war the armies ot the European nations can be raised to 9,366,000 men, and the daily expenses of this enormous host will be nearly £4,000,000. By the Bertillon system of identification the length and width of the head are taken, also the length and width of the left, middle, and little fingers; the length oi the left foot, of the left forearm, of the right eay, the height of the figure, the measurement of the outstretched arms, and of the trunk when seated. It is said that no instance of ell these measurements coinciding in two per sons has ever been known. 