LABOE LEADEES. That speech is silvern as applied to the speech of the labor leaders is a sad perversion of manifest truth. It is for the most part brazen, sounding brass, and of the basest. It has been dinned into our ears now tor many months past, and we find it even as at the beginning, blatant, inconsequential, inane. It is. even us the croak of the frog or the chirp of tho sparrow, lacking utterly in sig nificance, indicating nothing, formu lating nothing, convoying a vague idea of deplorable present conditions, but suggesting no remedy. Labor, manual labor we suppose is to be understood by ; the word, must be admitted to have had a vory fair show in the Parliament which' now nears it close. .There was every disposition on the part of the leaders of - both sides of the House to give this third, party fair play. Distress existed in the land, and chiefly amongst tho laboring classes. It was the desire and it lias been the effort of the Government to relieve that distress, and a vory courteous and attentive hearing would have been given to any proposals cal culated to further that effort no matter whence they proceeded. But can leaders, or agitators, or those brainless irrepressible blatherskites who disgrace and really imperil the large liberties they enjoy, point to any single proposal for relief, of a practical and worknbio sort whatever emanating from any labor representative? Further, can it be shown that when Sir Guouge Dibbs was doing his- utmost to restore the colony's credit and push on public works, when Mr. Lyne was laboring to keep all work that could be done in the colony for the workmen of tho colony, when Mr. Copeland was trying to afford relief by experiments in land settlement, the labor members individually or collectively lent any valuable aid ? Were they not coquetting with the Opposition loader about seats in the Upper House, railing at competent : 3 TUT- nien who chance to be well placed in the colony, airing petty grievances, or delivering wild and windy orations, as aforesaid inconsequential and without signifi cance ? The country is disappointed in the majority of tho labor members, and, unless the signs of the times are misread, will express so much at the forthcoming election. And yet if there were any hope of better men coming out, or if most of tho men now in showed any signs of having profited by tho political education they have received, we might welcome the advent of an ac cess of now power and new influence in thenationalcouncils which would make the caucus of universal interest more complete. Wo turn, however, to the records of the meetings which aro constantly held in all the suburbs to set forth the policy of the labor party, and choose oandidates for the election. We search through them to find any indication of a rational policy, of proposals even which might nfiord legitimate means of relief, and tho Bearch is wholly in vain. Bitter as the accusation may be, it is wholly true — the orators and the agitators aro destituto of policy as was Cade when he crossed London Bridge with Lord Say's head on a pike. Even as the professed anarchists of Europe, they have a cry of " & bas " all that is, but they have absolutely nothing to put in its place. And they seem ignorant that tho prophet whom every true socialist reveres, the champion of all workers, who spake as never man spake since the days when Israel seemed indeed in touch with Deity, cursed anarchy and the torchbearer who lived but to destroy and had no genius to reconstruct, with all the bitterness of his wrath. Hear tho talk, of Mr. Alexander M'Intosh at the meeting of the Lang division of the Labor League. They must not be " led away by the fads of free-trade or protection, but go straight for a proper system of govern ment and proper measures that would do away with the existing distress." Let, however, the question be asked, "What system and what measures," and Mr. M'Intosh, like all his tribe, is dumb. Let us apologise, however ; he has one idea — it is common to all his class' and strictly of the torch and powder-barrel order — he would abolish the Upper House. Poor old Upper House ! If its fragments, scat tered about the land, would undergo some transmutation, and multiply as did the loaves and fishes, there would be reason in the proposal, but in the ordinary and normal course of events wo cannot see that its dispersion .would do much towards feeding the multitude. Mr. M'Killop followed Mr. M'In- tqsii. And can it be that the Celtic hysterics of to-day, even as tho Celtic creed of old, are getting into the Gaelic blood ? It is difficult otherwise to account for M'Intoshes and M'Killops being responsible for such utterances. For the M'Killop went a little further .than .the M'Intosh, ana added calumny and misrepresen tation to all-round railing. Said Mr. M'Killop, "For the past three years there has been a huge conspiracy between the Go vernment, the Opposition and the capitalists of the colony to stop all reproductive works." All that is built upon such a foundation of falsehood as that must of necessity fall to the ground. For as all men understand no such conspiracy hasevei- existed or entered into tho wildest dreams of any sane man. Conspiracies there have been, not with direct intent, but effective for all that, to thwart and baulk measures whose object i.va3 to provide employment, and labor member in Parlia ment . have not ' always been clear of them. . Such a iar reaching and unholy alliance as Mr. M'Killop suggests, however, is crazy as the scare of the Kiama ghost, and unfit to be suggested by an honorable man as any Titus Oates plot. Just a little further, and with much weari ness, we must follow this strange speaker, lie continues, "Since the introduction of labor members into' Parliament measures have been passed in the interests of the colony, and as a consequence prosperity is returning." That is strictly true. True also would it be to assert that since Mr) J. 0. Neild has occupied a seat in Parlia ment measures have been passed in the interests of tho colony, and as a consequence prosperity is returning, and the Paddington member might take just a much credit to himself as the labor clique. . Really no faintest glimmerings of tho dawn of better things are discern- able through all this smoke and sputter and spume. We can hope nothing from any man or any body of men who cannot present to us at least some plan of reform. Still there is a party in the colony, allied to no class, yet prepared to work for the best interests of all, whose plan and policy are clear and bold and unmistakeable. Their single watchword is pro tection ; their one idea is to de velop to the utmost every natural resource. They hold that tilling our own land, winning our own minerals, manufacturing our own raw material, we can employ all our own people, and guarantee to them also all tho essential comforts, and no mean share of the luxuries of life. They hold also that continuing in such a policy and safe guarding it with every possible pre caution against "rings" and "corners" as against loaferdom and swindling, we can build up a nation worthy of the con tinent, able to feed and to clothe its own, strong to hold its own, a land whereof in future years- the " Civis Australis sum " will be proudly spoken. Very earnestly we commend the policy of that party to every thinking mind of this community, and beg that its possibilities may be placod in comparison with that of tho torch- bearers of anarchy, or of the propa gandists of that other creed of so- called free- trade, whose principles range vaguely between fanatic fetish worship, and unprofitable laissez faire, 