A TRIP TO THE LAKE COUNTRY. By 'The Tramp.' The hour was 9 am., the date January 21 Anno Domini 1894, when three men, each carrying a knapsack, might have been seen emerging from a bush track near Mr Scott's Gala estate on to the main road which leads from Deloraine, through the Golden Valley, to the eastern side of Quamby Bluff. The thermometer, if they had one, would have registered something like 90 in the shade, and as the road Is made of white gravel it will be readily understood by those who have travelled under such adverse circumstances that they were not at all chilly. The party comprised Mr James Scott, Mr Charles Dunham, and the writer. Now it might, I think, be reasonably asked where we were going, and what were we after! Well, the primary object ot our trip was to try and find a practical route for a track to the Lake country; whereby persons wishing to visit the Killarney of Tasmania might do so on horseback or by vehicle the whole way from Deloraine, and thereby obviate the climbing cf the Great Western Mountain onfoot, which has hitherto been tbe only possible means of locomotion from Jackey's Marsh to the summit of those mountains. Add to this the fact that one of the party carried, among other thinge, a pick and prospecting dish and no further explanation is required. Having espied a splendid lot of Kentish cherries in a garden by the wayside, we halted beneath an umbrageous blackwood, while one of the party interviewed the owner of the cherries, a tin billy full of which was procured for the small sum of sixpence. When about proceeding on our journey a farmer and his wife came along in a pagnal cart, and very kindly offered to take our swags for a couple of miles, which was all the distance they were going in the direction we purposed travelling, an offer which it is needless to say was accepted with thanks. For the next two miles, free from swags, we did not so much mind the op pressive heat, and were thus enabled to take note of the country we were passing through. Where the road passes through Mr D. Kelly's farm we noticed the outcrop of what seems to be a well-defined quartz reef be tween slate walls, and, considering that colours of gold have been washed in the locality, one naturally wonders why this reef beef never been prospected, The only reason I can advance for this neglect of a likely locality is the fact that it is so easy of access. Prospectors arc invariably in favor of outlandish places. We find our swags by tbe roadside, where they were left for us, and once more hoist. "Kennedy," which, for the benefit of the uninitiated, let me explain is the slang term for a pro spector's swag. Of course slang is con sidered vulgar, but then it must, I think, be admitted that it is often more expressive than many of the worn-out old phrases. Near the terminus of the Golden Valley-road stands a cabin in a potato plot that at once recalls to mind Carleton's 'Tales of the Irish Peasantry,' A wild, romantic-looking spot is this, the sole occupants of the cabin being a very aged couple, who salute us with an accent that sets at rest all doubts as to the nationality of these dwellers on the moun tain side. Leaving the main road we enter a myrtle forest through which a road has bean cleared, but not formed, for a distance of three miles. This brings ub to what is known as Turner's selection, a block of 320 acres of bush land selected many yearse ago by the late Mr Leslie Home, who transferred his interest in the same to Mr Joseph Turner. The latter had a portion of the land scrubbed and sown down with grass, which for a time grew profusely, but was eventually overrun with a dense growth of young wattles, In fact, this land was in the first instance selected on account of the great number ot large wattle trees found thereon, the bark of which was at the time of considerable value. Subsequent exploration clearly demonstrated that for agricultural purposes there was much superior land in the locality. Turner having abandoned this selection, I think it would be well for the Government to reserve it from sale, as there is a good four-roomed house and out- buildings on the property, and sufficient feed among the young wattles to make the place a most suitable cattle camp, 12 miles from Deloraine, for those who in the near future will rent many of the fine tracts of pastoral land in the Lake Country. We stayed a night in what was Turner's house, now minus doors and windows, and on the following day struck due south through the forest for Dry's Bluff, a good view of which we had ob tained prior to starting by the aid of a powerful pair of fieldglasses. Four miles brought ub to the River Lifley, a most uninteresting stream where we struck it, but a few chains lower down we came across what I will venture to say one of the most picturesque sights in the colony. For about two chains the bed of the stream is paved with perfectly smooth and level flags of a uniform width, over which the bright water ripples but a few inches deep and then falls over a natural flight of stone steps. Then there are a few more chains of pavement and again a flight of steps, and below the latter there is a short turn in the stream, and the water falls perpendicularly fully 300ft into most dismal looking abyss. We were all so much taken with this scenery that we blazed a track from Turner's house to it, and as this track passes through four miles of unalineated Crown land of the highest quality, those wishing to see the Liffey terraces and waterfalls might profitably combine business with pleasure. For two days we tried in vain to find a suitable grade for a cattle track from the valley of the Liffey over the Great Western Mountains to the open plains in the Lake Country. We tried spur alter spur with a like result. For the first mile or two the grade was all right, something like an average of 1 in 20; but on nearing what we hoped to be the summit we would be confronted by an almost perpendiculur wall of rock, on the face of which seemed to be written those dread-inspiring words, ' Thus far shalt thou go, but no further.' However, on the third day we were more fortunate , for we decided on following the Liflfey to its source as from observations taken from points of vantage we were of opinion that the main branch of that stream came from the open country beyond the mountain. This surmise proved correct, and we found a good grade for a traak or even a main road up the right-hand side of the Liffey, and passing close under the eastern end of Projection Bluff, between which mountain and Dry's Bluff there is a chasm half a mile wide in tbe narrowest place. There will be no difficulty in obtaining a good pack track through to the Lake Country by this route at a moderate cost, and it its to be hoped that the Minister of Lands will see his way clear to expend £100 in this direction; for apart from the con venience of such a direct route to the lakes for tourists, the opening of the track would doubtless lead to the selection of the thousands of acres of rich agricultural land between the Golden Valley settlement and the base of the mountains beyond tbe Liffey, and which land com prises comparatively light scrub of musk, dogwood, white myrtle, and old man ferns, with just sufficient large stringy bark trees to provide the requisite timber for building and fencing purposes, It may be argued by some that this track should be opened by the Deloraine Improvement Association, but this I fail to see, for the work is a national one, and not a local one, inasmuch as the track will traverse portion of the Westbury municipality and the police district of South Longford; although it must be admitted that Deloraine will be the closest railway station to the Great Lake, the distance being well under 24 miles. We spent a couple of pleasant days in the Lake country, where we one morning called on Mr Dan Brandom, who manages Mr Bedlam's extensive sheep and cattle runs. Mr and Mrs Brandom treated us most hospitably during the three hours we spent with them, and were vexed that we did not come and stay the previous night instead of camping out within sight of their comfort able home. Mr Brandom has been for forty years a resident of the Lake country, and can give many interesting reminiscences of the locality. He told me of a brutal murder of a shepherd and his hut-keeper which occurred near Great Lake in the very early days. It would appear that in " the dark days" a scoundrel named Green- ' wood had a fellow- prisoner named Murphy , flogged for an offence which he (Green wood) committed. Years subsequent to this, Greenwood wassheepherding on the Lakesi and had for companion a hutkeeper, a Government man like himself. Murphy and a man named Templar about this time absconded from, a chain gang and made for the Lake country, amd, as ill-luck would have it, called by chance at the hut of Greenwood, whom Mnrphy at once recognised as his old enemy and false accuser, and taking up a spade, split Greewood's head in twain, and then served the hut- keeper the same way, remarking that 'dead men tell no tales.'But they do, for Murphy's mate, Templar, some two years afterwards gare himself up to the police and made an open confession of the whole affair, and said that he was haunted by the ghost of the hutkeeper, who was ever at his elbow. Murphy and Templar were both hanged for the murder, although the only part the latter took in the affair was to carry one of the bodies to a hiding place some little dis tance from the hut. We returned from the Lake country by way of Ware's Marshes and Upper Meander, coming down Warner's Track, which is a good route for pedestrians, but I fear it can never be made suitable pack track, owing to the steepness of the grade near the summit of the hill. How ever, perhaps this difficulty will in time be overcome, and if so the track will be a great convenience to the residents of Upper Meander. January 31, 