CHAPTER II. I need not dwell on that period—it lies in tny memory more like a hideous dream then so many weeks and months of actual life, and like a dream, there are only portions of it whioh stand out from the shadows—adventures, inci dents, scraps of soenery, seen in clearer moments, It is enough to say that I oatne round gradually, and began to see things as they should be seen. But the hate was all gone, and love alone was left. Yes, love was left, though badly nourished, having no hopes to diet it, and I got aooustomed to think of Doris as one who was dead and 7et living, and very lovable withal, even as Beatrice was to Dante. So a year passed on and left me minns some thousands of dollars. I had found my way into Colorado, and was a miner at one of the great joint-stook claims which have taken the plaoe of the old-fashioned diggings. The rough work suited my humour, and there was life and go in the town, and muoh distraction in the game of Pharaoh, of whioh more in its p'ace. For nine months I bad not heard from Canada, and bad ceaBed to think of the plaoe. My father had taken kindly to his new life, whioh was all I needed to know. I wished to be and was a solitary in the world, though I mixed muoh with men, finding more isolation in a orowd than in lonely places. Bat I was beginning to be restless again and to wish for another change, when something happened whioh I had not looked for, but whioh makes me always thankful I played Pharaoh that night at Midas's. It was nothing more then a quarrel and a whipping out of revolvers, and then a Budden lane of rough figures looking on while the two fired from either end. I heard the low tbnd of the ballet as it struok Black Jake, and I caught him in my arms as he fell backward with sudden limpness and whitening faoe. I had only seen him once before, and he bad roused a vague reoolleotion which bad made me look again at him, wondering what it was about him that was so familiar. He bad been at one of the far tables, or perhaps his speeoh would have given me the oue. Now, as he ppened his eyes and stared up into mine, he turned his lips from the flask and eaid—" God forgive us—it's Master Sedley 1" | "That's so. Take a pull at this, and tell me who you are," eaid I, surprised at my own bame. 1 The liqueur was of little use, for hie heart I was slowing every moment, but it brought a flicker to his face and a word or two more to his lips. "Gie me yer ear—closer," he whis pered. "Bob Hilton—Banston postman—ay, yo'know me now. They want me—want me for robbing the bags. Tell 'em death has got me, an' tell young dootor chap at Z hopes to— He larned me the beginnin—be— Yore letters—Miss Doris's—I stopped 'em— His' money. Hope no harm done, sir—I—Ohrist \ save—" His eyes glazed, a tremble went through him, and he slipped off without another word, leaving me staring at the dyed whiskers and dissipated features with ringing ears and a thousand thoughts and feelings all set loose together, to the overwhelming of my wits, which seemed quite undone. Long after they had oarried him away and the noise and oonfusion was spent I stood leaning on the bar oounter staring vaoantly through the smoke of the salooD, seeing and hearing nothing, but oouEoions of a growing fiend within me and a tightening of my teeth, ae I reckoned things up and saw in all its clearness the perfidy that had come between ns. The letter—was not that a part of it? Gonld Doris from her heart's heart have written enoh a letter at all? It was a for gery—a triok, and I had been a fool to be duped by it—nay, a villain in very truth; for I had doubted Doris, and given her pain and misery perhaps a thousand times worse than mvown. Yet the letter was clear enough, said the ghost of Donbt; it wasSn'ter own charac teristic handwriting, eaid Memory; and there was no forging that, put in Donbt again. - Then a reeolntion oame to me, and I walked out into the open air, and breathed it in with a long inhalation as men do at sudden relief or when etirred with new purpose. There were evil things in my heart, but there was one little oorner where hope stirred, as if after a long sleep. I oould feel it as I looked up to the heavens, where the stars were twinkling down at me, as if they knew a thing or two, having seen Doris only a few hours agone. Next morning I started for New York, and in foar more days was on the Atlantio, gazing at the last point of Sandy Hook as it sank lower and lower, till the horizon was an un broken line and Amerios nowhere. But aa we aped eastward through the !?^g days and nights, as I drew nearer to Doris and him and the truth, the fiends grew busier within me, and gave my little babe of hope suoh a hustling that I wellnigh lost sight of it in the tumult. I had been away eighteen months, and. what might a man not do in that time with an impressionable young girl who had the be«!? evidenoe that ber lover was unfaithful ? They were cousins, and had been together in earlier years; he was a highly-educated, and, con trasted with me, a brilliant, perhaps a fas cinating man. He had seoured his diploma; but the arduous study had broken him down, and to recruit himself, he bad left hie London home to dbss some weeks among the breezv hills of Worcestershire, the guest of his father's sister, the daily companion, no doubt, of Doris. He had seen her beauty, her young susoeptibility to the influences about her, and he had wormed bis way into her heart and oankered it, as grubs do roses. So hatred totted it up and made me feel as murderers do. God forgive me] It ib all passed now, and it was love's doing with all three of us. It was passed midnight when I arrived after ten days at Woroester. The old oity was slumbering, and the great Cathedral was watobing over it and telling out the hours to its deaf ears as the fly rumbled noisily to the hotel, where I bad perforce to stay till day light enabled me to oontinue my journey by the early train. I lay on the bed half-dressed, listening to the quarters as they chimed through the silence one after the other, and eaoh time the familiar sounds orossed the ourrent of my thoughts they swung me out of the morrow to other days, which their ringing brought back irresistibly, till by and by I allowed memory to havo its way entirely, and I lived again in the halycon sunninees of bygone years. I closed ray eyes to look at it all, and allowed it to float dreamlike, and as it would, till patches of greyness came, and a fading ot colour and form, and I was fast aBleep. But as I lay like any log, and the hours went on, till all in the city but myself could hear the Cathedral olook ring them out, some part of my brain woke up, and, finding reason etill a sluggard, Btarted straightway a dream ing. It was a queer medley for the most part, and no better than other fantasies of the sort; but to this day I remember it more as a real thing than a triok of the brain; if suoh it woe. There in the darkness of the prairie was the deep red rose that Dorie bad given me, borne by an army of fireflies, in whose united radiance the flower lay on a hammock of golden threads, and flitted before me mookingly while I stumbled in chase of it. Ay, it was the rose, and it blushed in the embrace of Doris's own bair. I had seen it Bhine so at sundown when th<? light got in it and made it luminous with a gold not its own, as the grass blades seein shafts of emerald fire when the glowworms are among them. The phantasm rose and feli~lb the blackness, while the hundreds of little light points made a ehifting circle round. On, on they flitted, ever eluding me aa I stuir.hled along, till there was a suddon olash of bells, when the little vision dissolved into a kind of crimeon-nnd gold atmOBpbere,in which I laved myself with beating hands, while it widened more and more, lighting ail things round, till I saw that I stood in a crowded churchyard in all the soft Bheen of a summer's morning. I rubbed my eyes as the people moved about, some toward the wooden poroh, some taking places on the path, till there was xn avenue -i smiling faoes, and one slim figure, followed by her maidB, wending slowly through all. It was Doris, all white and beautiful in bridal vestments; but her golden head was bene, and there was heaviness in her step. As if she were entering some prison house, never to know liberty again, she paused at the porob, and looked long and wistfullv bask into the sunshine, and I oould see the thin faoe and the pain deep down in her eyes, knowing all the meaning of her long look, but unable to move as she passed in and out of my sight. Then the clanging of the bells died away into a melody of old time, whioh they quaintly chimed, while the people thronged into theohuroh, leaving me alone among the headstones. The agony was too much. I wrenched free my voice and shrieked her name—and awoke, still hearing the ohiming, bnt realising gradually that it oame from the oathedra! tower which I oould see in.'he morning eun over the housetops, and its ofook pointed to three minutes past nine. "Now, I never believe in dreams, but I sat down to breakfast uneasy and without appetite, looking in at that despairing white face with a growing sense of its ominous ness, and chafing mightily at the faot that there was no train to take me on for am-~ier two hours. "Paper, sir?" I heard the waiter say as I trifled with the toast. I dropped my eyes mechanically on to the folded eheet, bnt only looked vacantly at it, or rather a headline, which, standing out from the reat, took my eyes, being definite, bb the fire is in the dark ness, or a candle flame, whioh we gaze at with out noting. There was the name of my own village staring me in the faoe, and for a foil minute I never saw it—Ranston- in.the-Viale. It was all a flash, as was my eagerness as 1 ■natohed up the paper and rind the local items:—" Bellringera Dinner-Sire at the Hail—The approaohing Marriage of Dr. Robson." I remember the sense of paralysis, the rush of darkness to the eyes, and-then the sudden return of light as I jumped to my feet and stood a moment irresolute, with my watoh in my hand. Quarter past ten—the ceremony, was at eleven—three parts of an hour to do fifteen miles. A wave of helplessness swept over me, and then of hob strength—nothing lest than the strength of despair, and, thanle God, it carried me through. I shall never forget that ride. The horse was fresh—the pick of the best posting stables in Worcester—and I had much to do to keep it in while we breasted Redbill to the level of the London Road. Then I gave it its head and a tip from the heels, and away we shot like two mad things, fleeing nothing bat the yellow road before me, I counted every spring of the animal as he skimmed along, scarcely seeming to touoh the ground with his light hoofs, and flying faster and faster as he warmed to it and beard my orteB of encouragement. For half an hour I let him go till we oame to a stiff hill not three miles from Ranston. Here I pulled him up and made him walk before the final rush in. He was impatient to get on, so was 1, for from the top of the hill I knew I oould eee the ohurob, and maybe some ot the gathering people; but I held him in and took oat my watch. My heart eank—it was 10.68. leased the reins with a shoot, and in three bounds we were at the hilltop and away again. I oould see the ohnrch now across the valley, and the flag at its tower, and the pigmy forms moving about the yard. But there was Btill hope, atiU a ohanoe to enatoh DoriB back from her peril— for euoh was my purpose, and my dream had Inade me desperate. I set my teeth and let the good horee go. It was all over in ten minutes, and it was Doris's doing as muoh as mine. She oould not help it, maybe, and it was rather sudden to jilt a man just as the Vicar was asking whether she would have him or not. But bo it was, and I had no eooner shown myself at the vestry door, by which I had entered, than she saw me, and with a "Oh, Jack, Jaok I" stumbled towards me, and fell limp into my arms, and lay there like a cut lily and aB speechless. I had carried her into the veBtry, and was bathing her temples with the person's drinking water before the wedding party could realize what bad oome to them. Ho was the first to rush in, as was natural, per haps. How, I would not have harmed him jnst then, for all his wordy spleen, if he had not laid rough hands on me ae be tried to foroe nie from my plaoe. But when the shock of his touoh went through me, I laid DoriB'a head down for one moment while I sprang to my feet, and, catching him by the collar and the small of the back, pitched him out of the open door with euoh goodwill that he fell on the grass a dozen yards away, and lay there—a huddled heap of blaokness on the green. When I turned round, DoriB was opening her eyes and looking up at her mother, asking where ehe wbb, 1 knelt and looked down at her; sheetared while you might count three: and then her armB were round my neok, and I raised bor in mine. " He declared his love here at this wicket, asvou had, dear, befarehim." " But the letter 1" I said. " Oh, how could you believe it, Jaolt ? The letter was nay second refusal, cent a week after he had taken to biB praotice. He must have forwarded it to you in the cover of one of mine. How cruel and winked of him1 And you"—she looked up, and there was such re proach in h6r eyea that I turned mice away, not daring to meet them. - "Jealousy made a fool of me, Doris." How can I tell it you? You see the letter was bo worded that, coming after your silence and on top of my knowledge that he was still at Kan ston, I ■" "Who told you that he was etill here? I avoided the subjeot for your sake." " 111 news travels fast: but don't let us speak of it. He allowed the parcel to reach you—what did you think when you opened it?" " When I was able to I wrote you, aBking what it meant," ehe said eitnply. "And I never answered?" "No." I gazed ah her nearly ohokiDg. What had my suffering been to her'e ? -"And oh, I was so wretched, .Tack," she went on in her naive way, "and when he onme a third time, full of sympathy, and offering to relieve poor mother of the debts whioh had nearly brought the old home to the brink of breaking. I—I said yes, feeling that I had no will—that it was a duty thrust upon me. But it Is all pastnow, isn't it?" Gladness looked at me, and I cou'd feel her sweet breath as she looked up at mo, " Do you forgivehim than ?" said I, looking away, and thinking of his abjeot figure as he writhed under my whip an honr ago. " Yes, yes. Jack 1 and you must, too. You have punished him enough, and he has pro mised to go away. Let us forget him—let us look upon itas a bad dreBm. Ob, Jack, my heart nearly runs over with its gladness— surely yours lias nought ehe in it now." " God bless you!" said I. " And you, J ack 1" said ehe. And then we joined hands and turned to the house, becoming one in love and charity, Doris and I. 