Notices to Correspondents. No notice will be taken of anonymous correspon- dence. The writer's name and address must be sent, but not necessarily for publication. Questions are not answered by post. We have to remind readers who forward stories and other contributions for insertion in the Queenslander that such matter is not paid for exoept by speoial arrangement. Those who send manuscripts must enclose sufficient postage stamps for their return if rejected, otherwise they must be destroyed. Cooueba.—We do not care to open our columns to a discussion on Socialism. The subjeot has been thoroughly thrashed out in the daily papers. T. K. (Brisbane).—There are various processes for extracting gold and silver by means of cyanide of potassium, but in principle they are the same. The ore to be treated is first broken up and then kiln-dried and pulverised, after which it is placed in a tank provided with a filter bed, and a solution of cyanide of potassium is poured over it. In percolating through the powdered ore the cyanide extracts the gold and silver, and holding it in solution passes through the filter bed and out through a pipe nt the bottom. The gold and silver is then precipitated by running the solution through boxes s fillod with fihe sine shavings, upon which the metal is deposited in the form of a block powder, which is washed off and ohoniically treated to extract the gold and silver. This is roughly the process followed in extracting with cyanide. Different inventors bavo different ways of carrying out the details. Excelsior (Stanthorpe).—The promised article on ■paying appears in another part of this issue with explanatory diagrams. 14 is probably the case that spaying by the "webbing" process results in fewer deaths than when clone by the "removal of the ovary, but the latter process is now bo well understood that no deaths need occur from the operation. As previously stated, the " webbing" process is open to two objec tions—(l)the severing of the fallopian tube does not destroy the natural desire of the 'animal, a serious objection in itself; and (2) it does not affect the growth of the animal when spayed young; whereas the removal of the ovary not only unsexos the beast, but when performed when young the heifer attains a much greater size, and has all the outward appearance of a steer. It may not be generally known that a . similar process to "webbing" was tried in cutting entire horses-—namely, the cutting of a division in the seminal duct, but it had to be absndoned as unsatisfactory. Bribbane- boad.—None of the parties has any claim upon you. L having forfeited the selec tion it reverted to the Crown before yon took it up, and your transaction was with the Grown only. We do not see how B can 'have the audacity to demand payment from yon for a> fence for whioh he has already been paid by L, the former owner. H has not the ghost of a claim. The whole affair looks very much like an organised attempt at blackmailing, but of course (he offenders may believe that they are acting within their rights. Any way, do not make any payment for existing improvements except to the Lands Office. L can claim nothing from you, his interest having passed to the Crown with the forfeiture of the selection. A Visitor to thb Ibis.—Thanks. Our special reporter has just supplied us with a description of the district, bo your contribution comes too late. S. A. Hows.—(l) A main road need not be gazetted or proclaimed as such. It becomes a main road from the mere fact that it is the most direct route between two places of any .im portance. (2) Any main road in Queensland may be a stock route; but stock travelling most adhere to the route arranged at starting, except under certain special circumstances. (8) 11 The Drover's Guide," by Mr. P. R. Gordon, Chief Inspector of Stock, contains a map show ing all the stock routes and main roads of the colony. It costs 6a., and is really indispensable to persons in charge of travelling stock. (4) Most decidedly yes. It is a most reprehensible practice, and any traveller whose dog might be poisoned oould recover damages without dim . oulty. Even if the poison wore laid at some distance from a road, so long as it was in a . position in which it would be likely to attract the dogs of persons passing along the road the poisoner would be liable for any damage done. (6) The ace is valued at 1 only in cribbage. Only the 1, 2, 8 sequence con be counted. 