fcttttt |Jote5i. In one of its latest received issnes, 7 lie Timti lectures Mr. Seddon, Premier of New Zealand, in a very lofty manner for bis protest against the action of the Colonial Office in permitting Neckar Island to be annexed to Hawaii. Mr. Seddon's act is declared to be a blunder, for which only bis ignorance of such high matters can be urged as an excuse. We are further informed that Neckar Island lies within the limits claimed iv the Hawaiian Renubiic. although it is admitted almost in the same sentence that until the other day no one knew where it was or to whom it belonged. But it is very much longer than tbe other day since tbe Pacific cable was first spoken of, and it did not require any special powers of prevision to see that sooner or later the cable would be laid. A very slight knowledge of the laying of deep sea cables, and of the geography of the Pacific, would make it plain to anyone that a landing place for the cable would have to be found in the Hawaiian group. Vet obvious and simple though all these matters are, the Colonial Office doed not seem to have taken the slightest care to secure one of these island*. Neckar Island is little more tban a rock, but it is sufficient for the purpose of a cable station, and there can scarcely be a doubt bat that a couple of years ago it might have been annexed to the British Empire without provoking a word of inquiry from any power. The favourable opportunity was allowed to pass by the Colonial Office, and do doubt when it did propose to take action, it found that recent developments had placed the island within what is known as the Hawaiian sphere. But was that not all the stronger reason why Mr. Seddon should protest, and ask the Aus tralian tJovernmrntfl to join him in pro testing against the neglect of the Colonial Office? The blunder was not on Mr. Sed don's part in protesttne. bnt on the part of tbe Colonial Office in neglecting to Becure a landing station for the cable when it could bave been obtained with out difficulty. It will be seen by tbe cable messages in this issue that there are now some negotiations proceeding over the leasing of Neckar Island. Tbe rent charged for the island may be nominal, bat this is not a monetary matter at alL The aim of both the Canadian and Australian Governments has been to secure an all-British cable, a cable which shall land only on British soiL That will not be secured simply by leasing Neckar Island. The island will still be the posses sion of Hawaii, which could land troops on it at any time and perhaps seize or interrupt the c&ble; at some critical moment. It is interesting to find such staunch unionists as the Typographical Society of New South Wales digging np a statute of George IV. in order to score a point against the masters in tbe present strike. The men are quite right, of course, to see that the masters observe the law. whatever it iu. But when a number of unionists in this colony were arraigned before a jury of their country men charged with breaking a law of George IV. what an) outcry there was against tbe tyranny of the Government. If the Ministry bad dragged to light some law of the Heptarchy, there could not have been more bitter denunciations levelled at them of partiality, and a determination to get the men into trouble no matter how far they might have to plunge into antiquity in order to fish up a statute. 'George IV.' became one of the jests of the unionists, the painful lack of humour in the Labour party throwing these witling shafts into strong relief. Now the unionists of New South Wales bave them selves turned to George IV. in the struggle with the masters, turned moreover to a statute which is directly contrary to all the legislation and trend of opinion of the present day. The law of George IV., which is directed against conspiracies to prevent men from following lawful employments, is as much in accordance with tbe feeling and practice of the present day as tbe law against larceny. But tbe law of George IV., which compels the registration of all printing presses and types is a snrvival from the time when printing was looked at askance by all in authority, and when the press was kept very sternly in hand. It is to this law, & law which in its spirit at least would make short work of every Labour paper in Australia that the unionists have turned to in their present battle. They arc quite entitled to do so. It is the law of the land, and they may demand that it be complied with. But what a com mentary docs this action of theirs make on all the invective -which was poured out in this colony over another statute of the same reign. The Bill to provide for the establishment of Schools of Agriculture in Queensland, intro duced to the Legislative Assembly on tbe 24th instant, and on tbe motion of the Minister for Lands read a first time, is perhaps a well-meant measure, but we are afraid it is before its time. Yet we have bad higher class schools in existence in tbe colony before we have a University for the atndy of the arts, sciences, and humanity. These grammar schools are preparing pupils for the Sydney and Melbourne. But we are not clear how this higher education is to be applied in agriculture as it is to the profes and commerce. Then: is this to be said : ihal the measure is putting within the reach of the people facilities for establishing agricultural colleges of limited scope in populous areas. The measure is, iu effect, constructed on the same lines as the Grammar Schools Act. At in any locality subscribe £1000, the Govern ment will contribute double that amount for I the porpose of establishing a school of agri culture. Then afterward! the Government may make enaoal donations to each cchool in proportion to its earnings. For instance, when fees to tbe amount of £250 per annum are promised the endowment shall be £500. When £2000 has been collected for each & school, and £500 promised in fees, the ( jovernment may contribute £1000 per annum. The Government may also endow tbe echool with &d; area of Crown L^nds not exceed. ing £2000 in value, and these may be leased for twenty -one years. In our grammar schools pupils can at present be taught the rudiments of a great many sciences, and we shall await with some interest the exposition by the Minister for T^ndw of (he mode in which the agricultural schools are to be worked. If they are merely to be educational means of practical instruction, they will be a long way short of Agricultural Colleges, and without the practical benefits of agricultural training farms. Many years ago when what was known as the Black Sea Conference was sitting in London, Pwndi had a cartoon of John Bull, with no Little awe depicted in his face, looking into a room full of shadowy fipirp* and exclaiming, ' Ghosts, by George, ghosts.' Tbe assemblage sitting in Sydney hist week, and known to tbe world as the Military Federal Conference, recalls tbe picture. Intercolonial conferences on any subject have hitherto never been got together without a vast amount of preliminary correspondence. There bave been representations, and bases of agreement and exchanges of view, and many other things to settle before any conference could meet. Bat this was not the case with tbe military conference. In some magical way Mr. Reid, Premier of New South Wales, summoned to Sydney at a moment's notice, tbe commandants of six of the seven colonies, and by five his command was instantly obeyed. It has been explained that the extreme haste was dne to the fact that Maior Tulloch. the senior officer in Australia. leaves in ft few days for England, and the conference met so hurriedly in order that he might be able to attend. However, th*t may be, the inference Bat only a couple of days, and is said in that time to have evolved two complete schemes for tbe defence of Am tralia from foreign aggression. If the 'chpmf- are worth even the paper they are written on, then tbe conference was a very remarkable one. Without professing the slightest know ledge of military strategy, it is yet permis sible to believe that two plans for the complete defence of Australia are not matters to be drawn up with the speed and facility of a couple of newspaper paragraphs. The tirat plan it has been said is bwwfKJ on federation— that is on one Government for the whole of Australia, to whom, and ite duly appointed officers, all the troops would be bound to render obedience. The second plan takes things as they are as its basis — six Govern ments with six armies, none of which could cross the boundaries of its own territory without the consent of the Government into - whose territory it was to be moved, and every one of which would be bound to obey only its own Government. Now these are two very knotty problems, and yet we are told the conference solved them in two days. U that is correct, as everyone will hope it is, then the conference was simply a marvellous body. Always provided it was a conference of mortals, working under all the limitations which affect mortality. If, however, it was a conference of ** Ghosts, by George, ghosts,' then, of course, we would learn without surprise that it had accomplished stupendous feats of this kind. Farmers in this district are not tfrfc^n Kith the idea of starting a dairy factory with at tached cold storage rooms. Upon reading the paragraph we have quoted from the Kid* Bay Nfcg, both consumers and producers, we Chink, will envy the Bundaberg folks the ad vantages they enjoy, in the present hot weather, and with perhaps hotter in im mediate prospect, of drawing their supplies of food from chilled chambers. It is indeed, a little tantalising to hear of meat and fish, dairy produce Mid fruit, beiug served out in toothsome and tempting condition, at a time when'- tbe .appetite Hags, and something is ' Deeded to give meals zest. Though .the idea of ? » dairy factory may be abandoned in the mean time, that is no reason why the cold storage part of the scheme should be lost sight of. That is a matter which may be taken up by our citizens, and let us point out would be t-f particular advantage to our hotel-keepers. On occasions when they required to lay in special supplies of meat, poultry, fish, &c;, they could do so with great convenience and confidence. Dealers in these articles could also make the stores repositories, whence customers could draw out supplies as needed. Producers, also, would find them useful in some me acquainted with the working of such establishments to erect one in Rockbampton ? Inquiry iu town might show that a compasy could be formed to place us in this matter on b. level with Bundiberg. The Emperor of Germany uses up bis Chancellors fast. In a couple of years he grew tired of the Chancellor who had served his grandfather for more tban a generation, and now iu four years he has 'accepted the resignation ' of the Chancellor whom be 1 chose and appointed himself. Prince Bis marck's resumation it will be remembered, was also ' accepted ' by the Emperor, but the world lias since learned that the accept ance of tbe resignation of the great Chancellor was a euphemism used to hide his dismissal. From the celerity with which event! have marched, it seems not improbable that General Caprivi has likewise been dismissed. The tendering of the resignation was followed almost instantly by its acceptance, and hot on top of this came the announcement of the appointment of a successor. Tbe Emperor cannot be denied the possession of courage. He UveB in a critical period, when Germany bas been largely capture*! by socialist teaching, and he meets this by a naked appeal to the divine right of kings, and the dismissal of tbe Minister who pro posed to resist tbe new teaching by cautions concession and still more cautious repression. General Capriri, the cable states, was desirous of meeting the discontent in the Polish pro vinces by mild measures. For this the him perorhas dismissed htm, or, as the message has it, has accepted bis resignation. The Emperor may be right and the Chancellor wrong ; the case may be one for prompt and ' strong repression. Bat if the Chancellor should be right in hi* diagnosis the conse- ' quences may be far-reaching. Sitting on the safety valve certainly ensures quietness for a time, bat it occasionally brings about ruin in - the end. Still that seems to be the Emperor's | resolve, and he has plainly force of character , enough to carry out whatever he determines | upon. The man who could dismiss Bismarck and stUl remain ruler of bis people, would make little bones about ' accepting the i resignation' of Capriri. It is only a few i weeks ago since the Emperor visited those ' Palish provinces, whose discontent has been ( the immediate cause of tbe downfall of the 1 Chancellor, and there he wound up one of bis bouncing, scolding speeches with the remark, ' Remember, I can be very disagreeable if I choose.' The threat may have been meant for the people whom he was addressing, and it may have been meant for the Chancellor who was pursuing a policy wirh regard to these people which tt.e Emperor disapproved of. At any rate he has now got rid of that Chancellor and his policy, and it will no doubt be a profoundly interesting matter for these Polish people to learn what coarse he proposes to follow with respect to them. By the dismissal of two Chancellors in six years the Emperor has shown onmistakeably that he intends the King shall both reign and govern in Germany. 