Hog and Horse. A EACH IN ILLINOIS. . We are unable to ascertain to whom ai?* credit for this truthful racing tale should be Once during time, the proprietor of a hotel in a little town in Illinoia was a horse fancier. He was such an enthusiast that it was common talk that his hoarders would bo more likely to live if ho would devote more attention to the bill of faro _ and less to horse. But he oontinuud to talk horse and the undertaker still thrived. One day he suddenly disappeared When ho returned he brought with him a horse. Ho called it n runner and Baid it was bred in Kentucky, although no one believed ho went beyond the Egyptian districts of Illinois to get it. Sped the monthB, and to all the boarders came a feeling such aB we read of in patent medicine advertisements. The landlord talked of nothing but the speed of the horso. ( At last, in a Btate of mental aberration, n suburban resident named Turner offered to bet that the horse could not beat one of his hogs for a quarter of a mile. After the penin sular on the landlord’s faco had grown red enough to do credit to a Kentucky colonel, be replied that he would bet all kinds of money that no hog could outrun his horse. While his mind was still on a summer vacation, Turner staked 10 dollars, which was immediately covered by ’ the landlord. Then Tnrner's senses came i home. Now, 10 dollar bills aro not as plentiful with him Mthoy were with Cortez 1 after ho discovered Mexico, and he at once : fled to a point of seclusion where ho J could think out a scheme for eaving the de j posit. He thought and thought. Ho thought j about the hard times ; about how groat ! Ananias could havo been if he hud lived in an j age when fame was aoquired because of i having owned fast horseB ; but firstly and lastly he thought about that lOdol. Turner had somo Poland China hogs whioh he olaimod had been imported direot from Poland or Iceland, ho wasn’t positivo which, but they wero of the bar- tender variety and just as capable of going fast quarters as an alderman is of passinglaws that would benefits town. At last before his mindappeared aghost. It muBt have been a ghost, for an animated framo of bones can’t be anything else; this ghost was nothing more nor less, and it oonld not have been any less without parting with the tail, than a Southern wind-splitting, razor-baok hog. It was of the lame kind that a Mississippi scientist thought would make admirable substitutes for the carrier pigeons if they could be induced to return home at the top of their speed. Tur ner knew that a razor-baok hog would go farther for a feed than a policeman after a drink, and at a much faster gait. He con cluded it was just what he wanted. He gained a concession of six weeks for training, raised the bet to oOdol., and at first oppor 1 tunity imported a Bhadow of a hog. 1 His first plans matured rapidly, and when | the hog arrived he was ready. The first lesson was like tesching a small hoy the i danger of eating green apples. It consisted i of plaoing a buoket of feed at one end of the lane and trying to start the hog in at tho other. Finally the hog was persuaded to go down the lano. Of oourse [ it found the feed. It was not neoes sary to diet tho hog to make it | hungry. The instant it was in any othor condition it ceased to bo a razor-baok. To make a long story short, that hog proved to be the most apt student ever seen in Illinois. The lessons were repeated daily, and tho hog allowed to go down the lane at a clip so hot that if ■ the race had occurred in Sodom or i Kansas City. eithor town would have burned. 1 The landlord got a little bit shaky about starting his horse against the hog, but his > money was up, and on tho day appointed he came to the score. The entries wore to bo ■ sent from a standstill Btart. Everybody'.was told to got ready. A scoro of idle T hearts waited for tho word. It was 1 given and tiie hog released. It started with a “ booh" that would have > frightened a Chicago mayor and went down tho road like a frightened comet. For at , least five sooonds tho horse did nothing but j rear and snort his disapproval of auoh a con test, and when once started it was evident ho would rather do anything than overtake the objoct bobbing up and down in tho distance. The hog won. Turner pooketed the SOdol. and moved to town. The landlord sold tho horse, bought a hatohet, and ever sinoe has been engaged iu ohopping tho wood and cut ting off the feet of spring chickens.—“The Horseman." 