MY ONLY LOVER. AM an old maid ; worse than that J I am decidedly plain. I tell you this frankly, at the beginning, so that if you are expecting a succession of adventures all about the loves and sorrows of one of the fairest flowers on earth, you can makeup your mind to be disappointed. Well, as I have said, I am exceedingly ordinary, not downright ugly-would that I were ! for then there would be something remarkable about tue-but just one-of those commonplaco flesh-and-blood mortals who fill up the niches. This fleshly tabernacle seets int my case to be rather a wall of separation than a connecting link between myself and humanity. I have always lived in a.very retired manner, and have been accustomed, for want of society, to solace myself with books and castle- building. When I was just verging on young lady hood, I confess to have read such a quantity of novels as to passionately desire beauty and a heroic lover. But the .comeliness which I fondly dreamed "sweet sixteen " would bring came not. I did not grow fairer : my hair did not gradually beconme soft and wavy ; my eyes were no mnoro of an nazure thall ever, only tllere was more of me. Therefore, instead of the moonligllt walks, the balls, the attentive admlirers of my maidenly' dreams, I, plain Kitty Bell, remained quietly at home, all tile long even itgs, just because nobody ever asked me to y do otherwise. -And=an. becoming -painfully `ulte ^t..fT " bhe. factloCatI..wI-i5as neither pretty enough for a'" witching little fairy," nor yet ugly enough for a "genius," I just gave up all the romantic notions I had ever indulged, and resolved, without one agotnis ing death struggle, caltnly, firmly resolved to sutbmit to a life of single-blessedness. Thus situated, I hetook myself mnore than ever to reading. My uncle's scanty library was soon exhausted, so I made depredations on neighbouring ones, devouring everything which cate it aniy way, from Jack the -Giant-Killer to Walter Scott and from the Catechistm to' Voltaire. 1 lad just becomeic nicely settled in this groove W\itli a feeling of great contentment as to miy lot, anu had given upi all idea of ever lhaving a lover and being like other girls, when there camue but anut anticipating. One lday, when I was sitting with my .auilt in the back parlour, hctuneing somln pillow cases, and not dreaming that any thing remarkable was going to Ihippei , in Sinvitation ctllte for Ite to attend a gcrltlttn at lMrs. Browne's. Now \lls. Brotwne w\s a very fashlionble lady who, though usually conforminig to the round of society covetn tionalities, lot fly oecasionally somei stratllge s tarks of electricity. It so happllened that ns1e had an extensive library, to which she had allowced e free access. Perceiving muy fondlness for books, and perhapls soellthing of mily habitual reserve, sihl conceived tile idea tihat 1, Kitty Bell, wits literary. And so she, being quIite a naturalist in hler way, tnd of course wanltiig to collect till sorts of curious atimlnls for her menagerie of W\ed nesday evening, invited Ine. Now I lhad never attended a german, excelpting il imiagination with the lovely heroines of newspapier stories, atnd was astonished ait the idea that such it thing u was possible. 'Tis truel had attelded it few Iparties, and watched from the corner the Iprogress of coquetry between tihe gay Lotharios and their fair ones ; but tills was quite anotllher thing. However, I really wanted to go; and since Mrs. Browne lhad shown m0e so mutch kindness,ltlid even sent iher cousin to elay he " would be llappy to attelnd lnc," I decided to do so. Of course I hald to exaumine my plain wardrobe, and plan considerably, with my good aunt's help, to matke a decent appearance ; and I scarcely knew myself whenu I was enveloped in all tlhe pretty thiings suitable for the occasion. When I finally found myself in the spac. ious parlours of Mrs. Browne, and heard the Itum of joyous voices, the lively cliat, and remembered that I was really old Kitty Bell, wvith no pretty ways and adiniring friends like other girls, I admit feeling a ipant, all imy philosophy to tile contrary, notwitlhstanding. But I soon became edified andl amused in watching the course of divers little flirtations. Yonder was a tall, dark-eyed, fine-looklting young tian, who, I soon perceived, was quite a lion among the fair ones. He was decid. edly the centre-piece of the picture-the roigning beau of the season. As' for the belles, thero weretwo or three struggling for ascendency, and whethler one or the other trimlnphed vwas ascertaincd by the attentions of thie superb Mr. Sunderland. I amused tmyself in watching the course of things.till my eyes fairly ached, when I betook n?iyself to some volumes whiclh graced a sile table to catch breath in my natural elemctnt. I turned over a few leaves, read half a dozen verses of Aloore's, and raised mny hend to encounter Mr. Sunderland's eyes fixed aihuiring.ly upon me ! Thank fortune, I always. hall. strong nerves, so I dlid not faint, but kept on time eve tenor of my way. I beheld the .gentleman seek out Mrs. Browne. That Inlady in turn glanced at me, tand in' anotlher Inoment thile two had .atdvanced towards the corner where I sat, and Alr. Sunderland was introduced to Mliss Bell. Had the earth opened and swallowed us S·lllu,-I Icould liotlhave been more astonnded. Iloiwever, I had little time for conjecture, as the gentlenan seemed desirous of entering into immediate conversation. " A 'fins evening for a gatlhering. Mrs. !lro\neo was a very interesting lady, a su perb wioman ! -I was all old acquaintanco of hers, was I not? Was I fond of the german 1'" M.I. was not in the lhabit of attending germans," 1 told him. 'Alhl ! .e ,llspccted I was fond of intel S'lectual pursuits. " IHe honoured nly choice. He did not himself find satisfaction in these light, frivolous amusements. Hie was most halupy to find sympathy in the higher grade of enjoymentt." i. For, tle first time in nmy life I felt the Sincenvenienco of not. having been initiated into the mysteries of small talk. But, since regrets were of no avail; I was obliged to fall iback upon plain common sense, and reply in a straightforward mlanntcer to thle best of Iny abilities. 'Tis true I was not a little sulr priced at the literary turn this brilliiant \---ady-killer had.suddenly taken; but, after all, many queer.thlliigs liapllen inl this worll. jStrangely enough, iMr. SLunderlan pernd sisted in. remaillng by my side during tit rostof the eveuing,.as mnucli to tie astonishl metit of tie fair rivals ats my own, andt not a little to their .bIPagrin. Tltere was solmue ,tittering, too, I observed, alld souppressed -whisperitoso of "\hlo is shie?" " \hat a sober looking body !" It was lquite evident lthe proud beauities were exceedingly vexed. Perhapsi this was just wlhat ihe intendeld ; if no, I'd hIelp lim to carry out the jest; and laichlled aid clhatted withl great animation. \Vhlatever iight hlave been tihe causo of tlhe 'lphenonicnon,i5 it was evidlent, as the ettertainentntt drew to a clOE, tlhat it. Sltnderland mtdiant to contituo his extra ohdlioary course, for he begged to be allowedl to see me often at my home. And so, whnlc i had at last establishled myself in stnug quarters for thle nighlt, it was only to puzzlo my. brain withl vague conjectures its to whietcier the cinduct of my aplparent admirer wnis dte to some sutldeln ique of hisi owni, to adli.gust ofthel vanities of the world, or to oty"wvo ilopossible) elotrmis. SAftert:ita memorable evcnihg matters progreeeed at an astonishilog rate. I attended operas, concerts, readings, lectures, and whatl not, with Mar. Siunderlnd in con etant attendance. A inew world was openedtl before me. lesaw witih miy own eyes, heardI with llmy own ears, lwhat beforo 1 Ihad oully roead and imntgiled. I listened to noble truths, soul-stirring sentiments from Itho lips ri real hIumain behlg like nmyelf. I eat- i .he brilliantly-ligltted lecture room amidi a pleaant htium of Iappy voices, anud wattltedl ,littlO groups of friendsi laughing and chatting together, with a strange feeling of mingled pleasure and pain. Amid all this, had my , escort been a noble, whole-souled man, I u don't know what accident might have I befallen the organ that beats behind my blue merino bodice. But fortunately he was justda cipher, aoI kept my equilibrium. Tile devotion of my admirer and the mystery of the whole affair continued to increase. The now decidedly literary and I lrofountd Mr. Sunderland nearly every evening honoured our little back parlour with htieprosence. He admired my simple mode of life. Mey plain merino dress was more beautiful than all the gaudy trappings of the gay butterflies of fashion. And, at length the afloir reached its culminating point, and the glorious Mr. Sunderland, in tile most approved mariner, knelt at my feet and told me that his Iappiness or misery deletnded upon a wordt from my lips. I inslasted on his taking a imore rational view of tihe matter, and fitnally seet him away in tmost tmelancholy frame of mintd. Tils, however, was not the end. The fortress of moy heart was immediately besieged with numerous passionrte letters. All my lphilosolply was put to rout. Tite man seemed to be in earnest- really, desperately in earnest. Here was a very lshallow speci men of lht tansity-and I could not fatthom ut ait last a chalnge calme o'er the spirit of tle dlream. The mtissives cetased. Mr. Studlerland came not--sellt no nmessage. I tmet hin on the street and lIe knew me not. \Voult there ever be an end of mysteries ? Thlle transition was qutite like a cal suc eeedintg a storm; but the spoils of the chase were mine, and I quietlyscttled tlown again as of old. Still I wondered, and might have wondered to tie prvoes n day had not a circumstance occurred by which the whole mystery was unravelled. One day Frank Browne called to settle some btsiness transactions with my uncle. [t so haipened te hat tie old geslt',man was out, and consequenll tly Frank condtlescended to unehsehitself withl me. IIo inrquired ow I enjoyed the (ertman, and finally, with a tiaclhiovous look, iow I liked Mr. Sunddr landl. I suspected somotethsing from his manner, and begged hli to solve the strange riddltle wlereupon e biurst into a fit of nlaghter whtic he t seeme to enjoy exceed. ingly. W\then hte htad recovered sunliciurtly to be able to speak, lie said : " Miss Bell, I costd describe a little scene of tihe evening which yos might interpret for yoturself." Of course I inseisted tpon hlearitng it. " \\\'ell, tlhen, Mr. Suntlerland and Ed. Rydter were tandingi at moment together; yol were lottkin oevers book, and another yotg lady, at tfhe oIapsite side of tihe table, was tsying shith lher fan. Et. whispered, looking at tile latter fir one, 'Sundterland, te wouild be a tine bird to catch-tihat girl over these at thie table--an only child, anst or father is worth two illion dtollars, they say.' 'ti'hey separated, ndtl I saw Mr. Sutnderland'sl eyes fixed adm'iritgly on yotrself. Is thiatt satisfactory?" fIt ought to have beel ; and, of course, I laughed hIeartily, andt declaretl it to ise the richestajoke of the season. Still, I felt jist It little iettletl. However, Icountcd up the cost, lntl founI athl itgaine nmuch experi ence, berside the fun. So I Isave relased again into tan old mad, feeling doubly t:on. tent with my lot now that .I have had a DISENCHANTED. yF all thitngs, t night journey is the most tedious," said Clarence Hatfield as he let hintself fall Ieavily into tie stiff and uncomfortable scat of the railwaycarriage. "I say, Clifton, do you think we might smoke :" " Well, I rather imagine not,t said I. "There appear to be ladies on hoard." Hatfielt sherugged his shoutlders. "Such ladies." " \ell," laughedt I, "they don't appear to be particularly stylish in manner or costume, but nevertheless, my dear follow, tel divih ity of their sex tedges them around like a "Dlivinity of their lhumbug I" shortly interropted Hatfieltd. "As if these ill.tressed dowdies, with babies and handboxes, could possibly belong to the sate world with Beatrice Hale." To this I made no answer. It did not seem to ine exactly appropriate to lug the sacredt name of Beatrice hIale into a dis. cussion in ta place like this. Yet what could I do, except to feel oy cheeks flush and the rools of my hair tingle! For I was unmis. takably itn love with Bee hale, and so was Clarence Hatfield. Whichl of uts did she like best? Al,, that was the question,. It was somcthing like tbe clildren's old game of see-saw, "Up Igo, down you come." Sometimes I fancied II had a ghost of a clhance-sometimes I was con vinced that Hatlield was altogether the pre ferred, and that I had better emigrate to Australia at once. Clarence Hatfield and I, be it understood, were employces in the extensive business of Messrs. Jenkins, Jumperton, and Co., autctioneers, and had been dlow to tie country "putting up" a sale of lots, cutinto streets and squares, according to the most approved metropolitan methods of doingsuch thins. Ittlad been a dismal business. November is not an inspiring month at the best, and a three days' fog had conspired against tihe success of " Mount Morra Park," nsJenkins, Jumperton, and Co. had christened the new speculation. Yet we had done reasonably well. As the train gave its starting lunge tihe door Llew open, and in came a tall old lady with a prodigious black bonnet and a fur cloak, surrounded by a perfect chevaux-de. friso of squirrel cages, leather bags, brown taper parcels, and sandwich boxes. he swns followed closely by a youn 'er lady, dlressed in black and closely veiled, and paused hesitatingly in front of our seat. " Young man," said she, in a low voice, as gruff as that of a man, "is this seat engaged ?" " Yea," said Hatfield; "it is.. t For your feet ." "No matter what for," superciliously replied thie hIead clerk of ,lJekins,. Jumper ton, and Co. "Pleasito pnes on, old lady. You'll find seats enough beyond." But this was a stretchling of the truth. There were no seats beyond, as tie old lady could easily perceive, unless the chose to sit dlirectly opposite a red-hot coal fire or upon oneo of those corner arrangementsclose to the door, which was equivale?nt to no seat at all The old lady hesitated and changed her lheavy carpet bag from one wearied arm to tle other. I thought of my own good Aunt Polly at hIome, and rose at once. "Pray take this seat, ma'ams," said I. "And letme put your parcel up in the rack for you." "Clifton, what a fool you are 1" exclaimed Ifatfield, in an imperative sotto voice. " Why couldnt't you have sat still and minded your own business ?" "It is my own business," I answered brstqtely, " to see tiat every lady is made a5s comfortable as it is in the nature of things to be. Now the squirrel cage, ma'am--It'll go very comfortably under the seat I think." IfutlieltI uttered a contemptuous grunt. but hie neer onfered to trust is feet off t opposite cushlions, although tie y'Ou woman stood in tlhe aisle, uncomf rtabl swaying backward and forward '.ith thy notion of tile train, until a womee beyo observing tile state of affairs, t.row ab syon itg, clilditto Ilerlapand becl onced t leatr to fale tak e illtote thuts vacatcd hesrsef to sie entire eatfaliot, and al h Iher easndwichl bo. .. , poue ...._.., •f, :,..-", , " iuch obliged to yen, yoeng man," saidl she. "It's easy to ee that you've a mother of your own at home, and that you are in the habit of doing reverence to her grey hairs. As for this person," with a nod of her poke bonnet in the direction of Ar. Hatfield, "if he's got a mother, I can't say much for her bringing of him up. Perhaps he may be old himself one day, and stand in need of a little politeness and consideration from the young." "' When I'm anxious for yourgood opinion, ma'am, I'll let you know," returned Mr. Hatfield. "Hatfield," said I, in a low tone, "you might behave like a gentleman." "So I will," he retorted, with a shrug, " ,..en I find myself in company that calls for such measures." I said no more, but leaning up against the side of the door, prepared to make myself as comfortable as possible until the train should stop at Stamford, its first way station, and some descending passenger might make room for me. Reader, did you ever stand in an express train in full motion? Did you ever feel your self swayed backward and forward, bumping one of your phrenological developments against one side of the car, and bringing the base of your spinal column against the top ot a sent at the opposite swerve of the train ? Did you ever grasp blindly at nothing for support! Did you ever execute an involun tary pae seul, by way of keeping your balance, and then grind your teeth to see the two pretty young ladies beyond, laughing at your antics? If so, you will know how to pity me during tie hour and a half between B. and Stamford. Hatfield went to sleep and snored; the old lady in the gigantic bonnet ate sandwiches and drank from a wicker flask of excellent smelling sherry; the youi glady sat as noise less as a black veiled statue; fretful babies whimpered; old gentlemen uttered strange sounds in their sleep ; and the shriek of the train as it flew through sleeping villages sounded like the yell of a fiery-throated demon. " Stamford I" bawled the conductor. At last I succeeded in dropping my weary and stiffened limbsinto a seat, where slumber overtook me in just a minute and a quarter, for I had been asleep on my legs once or twice even in my former disadvantageous attitude, and I could scarcely believe the evidence of my own senses when we finally thundered into the echoing vastness of the Grand Central dep8t in New York. HIatfield, alive to the necessity of catching a car before all the world of travellers shoul?l crowd into it, stumbled over the old lady's ankles with small ceremony. " Oh, take care I You have knocked the squirrel cage over !" cried she. "Confound the squirrel cage I" shouted Hatlield, gnashing his teeth as the ancient dame placed herself directly in the aisle to set the furry pet up again, thereby com pletely blocking up his egress. " Serves you right, Hatfield," said I, as I stooped toassist. Just then the young companion of our lady advanced, flinging back her veil. " Grandma," said she, " the carriage is waiting. I'll send Thomas for the parcels. Mr. Clifton, I am very much obliged to you for your politeness to my grandmother, who is unused to travelling. As to Mr. Hatfield, the less said about his courtesy the better." And Beatrice Hale's black eyes flashed dis dainfully on Clarence's cowed visage. "Miss Hale," he stammered, "if I'd the least idea who you were"- " You would have regulated your conduct accordingly," impatiently interrupted Miss Hale. Thanks-I prefer to see people in their true light. Mr. Clifton," turning graciously to me, "you call and see how grandma stands her journey to-morrow, won't you ? Oh, thank you I The carriage is close by." And to this day I believe that is the way I won my wife, for Clarence Hatfield was a brilliant, showy sort of a fellow, who far out shone me in general society, and I think Bee was inclined rather to fancy him until that night. But she was disenchanted now for good and all. And Grandma Hale conies to see us every Christmas with a hamper of good things from Halo Farm. THE SINGLE `MAN. HE meete the smile of young and old, he wins the praise of all, He is feasted at the banquet and distin. guished at the ball; When town grows dull and sultry, lie may fly to green retreats A welcome visitor in turn at twenty country seats; He need not seek society, for, do whate'er he can, Invitations and attentions will pursue the Single alan. Fathers and brothers anxiously attempt his taste to suit; In every trout-brook he may fish, and every. where may shoot; Political opponents to his principles con cede, He quaffs the finest Burgundy, he rides the fleetest steed; And neveryet were families, since first the world began, United, bless'd, and fond as those who court the Single Alan. The price of bread, the price of funds on him no ills inflict ; He fears no winter avalanche of tradesmen's lengthy bills; "Academies" and "colleges" lie passes calmly by ; Nor casts on fancy dry-goods stores a sad and timid eye; The rates of life insurance he never cares to scan, " Trustees" and "jointures" boast no power to rack the Single Alan. But years steal on, and he begins with care ful folks to class, And shuns the picnic scramble, and the dinner on the grass; And dreadsthe cold spare chamber, and the crowded hall of mirth, And loves the spreading easy-chair, and blazing quiet hearth ; And votes warm rooms and early hours the best and wisest plan ; But home affords few comforts to the ailing Single Man. Is lacksa true and kindred heart his joy and grief to share, He lacks the winning tenderness of woman's gentle care; No children gather round himn, a beloved and loving train, Eager to win their father's emile, to sootlhe their father's pain He rates his poor dependents as a mercenary clan; Attachments come not ready~made to cheer the Single Man. He stirs the fire, undraws the blind, and counts the clock's dull chime; And friends they sometimes sit with him five minutesat a time; "Longerthey really cannot stay, so nervous he is grown, It seems a charity to go, and leave him all alone I" No earnest eyes tohis a:e raised, his change-' ful looks to scan, Tho bland physician's queries must satisfy the SingleMan. Physician o convale~tcenb patient - "My bill, sir, fo' attendance during your late ill ness." Pabtient: "Great Scott, doctor," look;ag over the bill a nd and turning white, "'vas r as sick as all that " Time and fashion stay for no man. Jones (to Brown): " Where- can you ba running to at that railroad pace?" Brown "Why, this is a present for my wife a bonnet, and I am trying to arrive at home before the fashion changes." "IT's a blessedigood thing," said Mawson, as hI gazed on the ocean, " it's a bleseed good thing the acean's bottom is solid." "Thinkofr whet a geyser there'd be on tl, other sido of tile earth if it leaked.,' 