MRS. PICKERING’S VANITY. Old Mr Hudson bad retired from business '■ome years ago. His business had been that of’a dry sab er, and he bad understood it bo .well as to make a fortune at it. Before re tiring from business as a drysalter Mr Hud son had, if we may be permitted the phrase, retired from bnBineBs as a husband. Mrs . Hudson had died in all the fresh enjoyment of her carriage and her silks and her jewelled brooches and bracelets, leaving her husband, as his sole companion, a little sickly boy of half a dozen Bummers. For a good many years af >er retiring from business John HudBon ruffled it with the best; visiting about, entertaining in grand style his many friendB, travelling abroad, and enjoying to the full the riches he had toiled for. His only child was sent in due course to Eton, and thence blossomed forth into a second lieutenant of a smart cavalry regiment. But at length old Hudson’s holiday after toil showed Bigns of drawing to a close. His health began to break, old age was coming npon him; the pleasures that his money had brought him, eating and drinking, riding and driving, sitting in fine rooms, being treated with deference, and sometimes even with servility, buying^ostly treasures of art, would bepleasuresnolonger. He had done Mb work, he had bad his day. The account was about to be closed, at no distant period would come the" long, dreamless sleep,” said old Hudson to himself as he crept up and down the sunny path of his highly ornate garden, and mused on the great mystery of life and death. Realising that his part on the world's stage was played, and resigning himself to old age and invalidism, he dismissed a great part of his large staff of servants, an ’ Bhut np most of the showily furnished room.; in his great new house built after the style of a favorite London suburb. The servants who now formed tha old gentleman’s reduced establishment were :— Simon Pickering, a personal attendant ("gantle, patient, and experienced with the old and with invalids,” said his testimo nials), who had replaced the smart valet of more vigorous and fashionable days ; the ■aid Simon Pickering’s wife, a plain-featured woman approaching middle age, who dis charged the now not very heavy duties of cook and housekeeper ; a couple of house maids, and a coachman, who did little save exercise his horses daily, his master having grown partial to the gentle movement of a bath-chair. A neighboring medical man, who had often beeu a guest at Mr Hudson’s table, would drop in from time to time in an in formal way, but the invalid resenttd 'the notion of seeming under a doctor’s care, and of being thought seriously ill. True, he had had a Btroke of paralysis, but people some times lived for years after that if they were careful and kept quiet j and he was inclined to be impatient with his son when the lat ter, now Captain Hudson, appeared at High atead on short leave, having heard of the sudden failure of bis father's health. On a golden, mild autumn afternoon, Captain Hndson had returned to his regi ment, and Josiah Hudson, leaning on the arm of his attendant, Simon Pickering, moved slowly along his smoothly-graveiled garden path. •« Pickering,” said old Hudson, after contemplating the Beene for. some time, «my «»nidR are running out. Have you ever thought of heaven, and wondered what it will be like ?” , “ X can’t say as I've thought much, about it, sir/’ answered the attendant respect ^Hut he gave his master a searching glance, for the question and the tone in which it was asked constituted, he con sidered, a new symptom For a few minutes the old man stood silent; then he turned and leaned yet more heavily on the arm that supported •• Take me in, Pickering; I’m afraid I’v i token a chill” , ,, L»te that evening Pickering sat watch ing by his master’s bedside. One of the maids had been sent to Doctor Page’s to jask him to come round, as Mr. Hudson win not so well. She had come back with the information that Dootor Page was out just then, hat would come as soon as he re turned. . , dickering eat by the bed where the feeble f>ld man lay in. a restless, feverish doze, and wondered whether tins bad turn” his master had taken would prove ^nd while he so wondered and while the j clock in the passage ticked loudly through the silence, and an occasional ember fell all too noisily from the fire, the old map d eyes opened and looked at the figure I seated beside him; but his mind it seemed, was wanderiog, and he thought was looking at the eon who had left him a week before. . £t Humphrey, I’m glad you re there, Humphrey/’ said the ex dry-salter, pick ing at the bed-clothes with his hot, eager fingers. “I just dreamed you had gone back to your regiment; I’m glad you 3tt,venJt. I wanted to tell you, Humphrey, (that there’s money in the house more ithan is prudent, and you’d better bank it Again. It’s a matter of a thousand pounds in notes; £ deew it out because 1 meant to .attend a sale at Chromes ana pn-* UF :some treasures, bat I was taken ill, ana inhere the money is. £t‘» in the secret drawer of the cabinet over yonder; yon &aow; how to Sad the secret drawer, Hum phrey, don't you P Open the secret drawer with the smallest key of the b®meh I always carry about ynth drawer right out, and about back of its space till yon feel a 7 “°® the size of a pin’s head, press that, . Wr - little drawer will spring oat at the 2 pot your band in it and feel about on its roof till yon find a tiny roughness, press that, and another little drawer will spring out at the back, and in that is the thousand pounds. Go and get it now, Hnmphrey, said the sick man, his voice sinking to an excited whisper; n it’s not safe there. cabinet might be carried off and brokenup. I don’t truBt the servants; I dont trust Pickering; he’s skilful and gentle, but he ■gas a cunning eye-and I don t trust his wife.! Getit out, Humphrey, boy, and {bank jv—or we may both be mucdered. TTia - gpepch grew wilder and more iinXrXafter tlus-hiS,n^ “to ifeverish and exited. Ten nCW*» Doctor Page’s ring was beard at the wpr* # * * »* *. Joaiatt Hudson never rallied frota that ••bad turn.’’ Doctor Page remained wit* him through .the night. Just at the approach of daw*, when We another and severe stooke desMnded on the feeble form in th? *»<*,^“ «living, death, silent, mOtao^e8S, pnc°n aciouB, until after the hurried, arrival of his son, and then passed ihto a world where his real estate and his personality availed him nothing. . Gn the evening after the funeral. Captain Hudson sat deep in .conversation with Mr. Lincoln, the family solicitor, in the Highstead Villa. >1 jhe bank tells me he drew ont a thou sand pounds in notes a fortnight ago, ’ the captain was saying in a low, discreet voice, «> but there is no such sum in the secret drawer of his cabinet, where he always kept ■ any considerable amount of ready money that he had in the house. He was m tne jhafcjt of attending Brt shies at Christies, •and would draw out large sum* IP* that pw mose. K this thousand was draw# Wth tne HTitfrTitlnn of attending the last sale, P® was .prevented by his illness from going to i —why, then, 1 suppose a pretty big robbery bas been committed J Of course the bank baa the numbers of the notes, but we can t atop them on a supposition—for my father may have drawn out the money and paid it away on some private business that we ion t know of,” The lawyer shook his head. -*\<Vg should have found some memoran .dom of payment among his papers. It ,{■ my ;tirm,conviction that Mr Hudson drew ■the money .out .with the intention of attend ingCtotetis’p last sate, j»n* was prevented by hiB illness—that, in bis failing state, be did not put the money in a sufficiently safe place (unleaB, indeei, one of the servants has discovered the secret drawer of the cabi net), and that the thief and, as yet, the money, are under this roof. This man Pict ering,” and the lawyer’s tone dropped still lower, “ what is known of him 2” The captain shrugged his shoulders. “ He came to my father some months ago with a character that gave him all the car dinal virtues—in short, he seemed the very one what’s-his-uame in ancient times was always looking for with a lantern. His wife was engaged at the same time as cook housekeeper: I know nothing against her, except the worst that" cin be said of a woman—she’s uncommonly plain 1 ’ The solicitor mused in silence for s time. “ And you tell me they are leaving here for another situation the day after to morrow ; the best thing yon can do is to have a detective up from Scotland Yard to* morrow morning.” * * * * . * # * It was the night following that on which Captain HudsonAnd the solicitor had con ferred together. Simon Pickering and his wife were in the housekeeper’s room, and had, as was evident from the appearance of the table, been enjoying a snag little supper. They were now seated one at each side of the fire, and Mrs Pickering, having thrown a cotton wrapper around' her shoulders, had taken down her abundant'dark hair and waB brnBhing it at her eass. The late Mr Hud son’s housekeeper was a woman of rather unusually plain face, and was, therefore, perhaps inclined to be the more vain about, and careful of. the one little gift to her. So she sat brushing her generous allowance of fine dark ha'T while she looked into the fire with knitted brows and face of deep cogita tion. Her husband watched' her with evident anxiety as to the result of her musings j Presently, after going to the door, j for the third time within ten minntes, ascertaining that no one was listen ing outside, re-closing it, and returning to his chair, Pickering leaned across the hearth, and addressed his wife in the lowest tones of his soft voice. YeB, we must hit on some way at once of smuggling the nates out with ns to-mor row morning. If we can’t hit on some plaD of the kind, they’d best go into that fire direct I This detective that’s been here to day (for that’s what he is—I spotted him at, one el) will have all the servants searched just as we’re ready to start—that’s their in tention, So set your wits to work 1 It wonld be a pity to burn a thousand pounds. I don’t know as I should have done as I did, only I was so sure of yonr ihelp Women are always to the fore iu a shady business.” “ And men are always ready to make use of ns in such business, and lay all the blame on us afterward,” rejoined Mrs Pickering with some asperity. After a pause she rose, looked at herse.f in the little mirror, and, twisting her hair into deep, old-fashioned rolls on each side of her face, .asked nonchalantly—. “ How should you like me in this stylo, Pickering? It’s not fashionable, but it’s becoming." Simon Pickering stamped hii foot ana clenched his hands. * “Do you want me to go distracted?” he said, but his voice did cot get imprudently loud though his rage .was great. To talk about the fashion of your hair at such a time ! There’s a thousand pounds at Btake, and the chance of ten years’ hard labor. _ It you was handsome it would be maddening enough to hear of your vanity just now ; but being what you are—” « Yes, I think it would Bnit me very well,” said Mrs Pickering to herself, still calmly surveying her reflection in' the. glass ; “ I’ll change the fashion of my hair from this very night, and wear it in rolls.” 6 '* * * * * Simon Phkering was right in his predic tion. Immediately before departing to the new situation which they professed they had obtained, the late Mr Hudson’s attendant and his wife, as also the rest ol the domestic olaff at Highstead Villa, were searched. Their boxes stood ready, and they bad just •akeu an early breakfast, when the Scotland ^ard functionary and his female assistant presented themselves. The Fickerings su i mitted with cheerful readiness to the pro cess. Mrs Pickering and the female searcher withdrew, and on their reappearance in ten minntes, the hons' keeper’s pleasant manners seemed to have won sensibly on the stern policewoman. Their boxes were turned out, but yielded no more proof of guilt than their persons had done. No pretext re mained for detaining them. Pickering fetched a eab, the boxes were placed oi it, Mm Pickering, after adis.ua to b r fellow servants and a curtesy to Captatn Hudson, who happened to pass across the passage, stepped into the cab, her husband mounted the box beside the driver, and the vehicle trundled away down the Highstead Hill, ostensibly bound for Buston station. But Inspector Sharpe of the detective force was ill at eas6. He did not like to see these people depart in peace, yet he could pot detain them, There might have been no robbery at all. Old Mr Hudson might have paid away the thousand pounds in private business and left no memorandum of such payment. On the other hand, if there had been a ’ robbery, this highly respectable couple who bad just taken their departure seemed to Inspector Sharpe, despite their having come triumphantly through the morning’s ordeal, a quarter toward which ho mnniri do well to direct his talents. He would like to keep them in Yie\y* To remain at Eigbstead Villa investigating was, however, also a task much sifter his own heart. But it was clear he would have to depute another for- one or other of these duties. While he ruminated thu*,pacmgsilently along the lower passages of Highstead Villa, the voices of Rose and Emily, the two house maids, reached his ears from the kitchen near at hand; he paused instinctively to “ Well, Emily, you and me’ll be ofi in a day or two I I only hope in my next place jfchere won't be no old i gentlemen dying, and their eons going and having the servants searched ‘afterward as if they’d committed a murder—that I do 1 It’s an insult to honest girls like you and ]C, that jt is 1” A second voice assented with a good many exclamations, and the first voice continued ; “The idea of that there Mrs Pickering having such an amount of vanity 1 I won der what sudden freak took her to change the fashion of her hair apd wear it in them old-fashioned rolls? To be sore, I think 1 never did sec an uglier woman!” “ She is ugly, and yet she managed to get married, yon Bee," remarked the second T°“yes,” rejoined the other, “that’s what nlwavs •'usz’.es me 1 These ugly women always net married, whilst good-looking Jirls Ubfyog gpd I don’t get the ghost of a chance i”' . •' Speak for yourself,’' wW fftg somewSst indignant retort. “ I could get married to morrow, if I chose, but I’m ambitious. I must have a husband aa’ll keep me like a Indy, No—I never did see such a fright as Mrs Pickering looked in them great rolls of ^Inspector Sharpe passed on s’I?ntly down ;he passage, and his musing* deepened. The Seagull, a small paddles steamer be longing to a certain line that plies between the Thlmes and the Flemish seaports, lay at the wharf, waiting to drop down the river in the early morning. She had taken on her cargo, which, on the returoi journey, would be replaced by Ostend rabbits. More than her cargo the diagull did not expect this stormy October night, for, though, during the summer a goad many passenger* crossed cheaply to the Continent by her and her Bister vcBiels, she had looked lor none s*ch fpr some little time. The aiderly stewardess wa3 therefore a little surprised when at eleven o clock at night, as she sat in the jedies cabin Bippiog a glass of something comfortable, and think ing of presently retiring into one of the red curtained berths that lined the walls, she heard the sound of an arrival above, and a minute later was aware of a solitary lady passenger being shown down the Rule stair? way into the cabin. , „ “Pray, don’t disturb yourself,stewardess, •aid the passenger, pljasantiy. “ £m»ia by the fee end finish joar supper, I beg The stewardess wsb at once prepossessed in the new 'arrival's favor, noted with in* terest the name “ Mrs Thompson ’’ on the ticket of her bag, and, though forced to own silently ithat the face disclosed when the veil was raiBed was not comely, mentally pronounced the unexpected passenger, “ Quite the lady 1” The latter threw herself down on one of the faded red velvet seats that ran round the little cabin, “One feels a little strange and lonesome, stewardess, travelling without one’s hus band," she said, “ bat I must be brave and resist the temptation to have a regular good cry." “ Indeed and yon most, ma’am I ” re sponded the old stewardess with ready sympathy, buBtling to help her charge re move her cloak and wraps. “ Crying doesn't mend matters. Dear sakes alive, ma’am, I’ve had to do withont my husband for good and ail this many a year 1 Just fifteen year it is since we went pleasuring to Greenwich, and what must poor Tollyfield do but let his legs run away with him down Greenwich hiii, and pitched on his head at the bottom, and was took up dead.” The stewardess wiped her eyes after this peroration and proceeded to hang up the passenger's shawlB. “And how abont Bupper, ma’am T Shall 1 get you something? To be snre it’s very late, and I don’t know if—” • “ Oh, thank you ; I.sha’n’t.need anything but what I have with' me.” ' Accordingly, having eaten one or two biscuiiB, and taken something from a flask, she profesied herself ready to go to her berth. “ What time in the morning do we start, stewardess 7 ” “ Abont live, ma’am. Which of the berths will yon sleep in? I can recommend this one as about the most comfortable. Dear, dear 1 Three months back there wasn’t mnch choosing of where ladies would sleep, in here ! I’d all the berths full, and ladies sleeping all over the floor as well. Dear sakes alive, the quarrelling that went on 1 I’d have given «p my post many a time, only what can a lone widow with nine children do I Well, 1 thought I’d done waiting on ladies for this year, to be sure 1 Hut I’m always glad to wait on one as is a lady, pleasant and kindly spoken.” The passenger had not yet taken off her tiavelling cap. She now removed it, showing a fine mass of dark plaited hair, with a deep, old-fashioned roll on each side of the face. In a few minutes, assisted by the assiduous Mrs Tollyfield, she was com fortably settled in one of the lower berihB. “ Thank you, stewardess; 1 sha’n’t want anything more. Oh, dear I my poor head aches pretty badly! ” said the passenger as she lay down. “Poor dear creatnrel Does it now?” responded the stewardess, tucking in the rugs and blankets that she had piled npou her charge. “ Headache’s bad, sure, though heartache’s worse. You want -some good sleep and pleasant dreams about yonr hus band that you’re parted from. But I’m afraid yon won’t sleep comfortably unless you take down your hair ; let me arrange it for you,” The passenger drew her head away with a ] ‘rki “ Be good enongh to leave my hair alone I ” she Baid in a stern, threatening manner, very different from her former affability. “ l skull do very well and want nothing more.” The stewardess drew the red curtain of the berth and left her. But Mrs Tolly field’s good opinion of the Seagull’s solitary paisengcr was Bhaken. “ A vixen of a temper, for all her pleasant ness ! The idea of flying out at me like that, all for nothing 1 ’* Thus cogitating the stewardess went to rest. At five o’clock in the morning there wa3 plenty of bustle on ihe little deck of the Seagull, and enough stnutkig for an Orient liner. Below the stewardess was busy also, and the one passenger, having just emerged from her berth and put on the few articles of dress that she bad laid aside last night, wa3 sitting by the little fire in the ladies’’ cabin, wrapped in a shawl. “ We’re off now,” aren’t we, stewardess ? ” she asked with an eagerness that was half involuntary, as she took the cup of tea that had been prepared for her. “ Yes, ma’am,-we’re off now.” Mrs Tollyfield’* tone was a little stiff; she had not quite forgotten the rebaff of the previous ni jht. Sure enough, they were off. The paddle wheels turned once, slowly, laboriously, with a great deal of churning and splashing; turned twice, more easily ani quickly; turned three times; the passenger standing ou a seat and looking through a porthole that commanded the farther shore of the river, saw the dingy warehouse begin to slide away. “Yes, we’re off now,” she said gaily, jumping down and coming back to her seat by the fire But in another moment she added, “ We’ve stopped ! What’s . that for?” The paddle wheels had suddenly ceased their splashing and churning ; the shouting above was more vehement than ever, and seemed to be responded to by shouting from the shore close at hand; then the Seagnll began to back. “Something been forgotten,” said the stewardess, “ and we’re returning for it.” The passenger set down her half finished cup of tea and listened. The shouting continued, and the little vessel slowly backed to the wharf she had just quitted. “ Seems to be another passenger coming on board,’’ said the stewardess. Her companion made no answer, bqfc gazed pteraly and stonily into the little fire before which shesat. A few moments later brisk steps werp heard coming do wn the stairway, and then came a peremptory rap upon the door of the ladies’ cabin. “ Who have you got in here, stewardess 7 ” inquired a man’s voice, as Mrs Tollyfield hurried to the door. “ One lady, sir," " Ah I that’s right,” said Inspector Sharpe, stepping Into the little room. “ Good morning, Mrs Pickering. You .very nearly gave us the slip—very nearly I I’ve been thinking that that little ceremony that you took part in at Highstead Villa yesterday morning, you and the rest of the household staff, was not quite thorough enough. My female assistant didn’t ask yon to take down your hair, ma’am, so I’ve followed you to get you to do it, if you'll be so good.” Mra Pickering looked at the inspector, then looked at the wondering face of the old stewardess. r_. 11 Well,” she said, with a quick’, deep sigh, "the game’s up, I suppose, Five minutes ago I thought 1 was safe. Bad htek to you, officer, for not giving me the chance of getting clean away." She panged a moment, "Will yon shake out those rolls, Mrs Pickering, or Bhall 17” said Inspector Sharpe, " Oh, I’ll take ’em down I It's no good refusing now.” She put her hands up to her hair, nnrolled it,’’and’ laid tfie contents on the table. The detective carefully smoothed the paper out, until ten bank notes lay on' the’ table. The inspector quietly placed, them together. "Ten one hnndred pound notes make a thousand pounds, the sum missed from the late Mr Hudson’s cabinet. Not a bad notion at all, of concealing them, Mrs Pickering 1 I don’t suppose any lady’s hair wbb ever more expensively dressed, ma’am; And now if you’ll pnt your bonnet on, I must ask you to return on shore with me." Five minutes later the Seagull steamed away without any passengers, the stewardess loud in her wonder and her moralisings. “ Pear sakes alive 1 So that was why she kept her hair rolled, and flew out at me last night. And me thinking it was all temper I How we do misjudge people I” She—“ I am only going to give yon one kiss, for you have been smoking.” He-^ “ But you told me you didn’t mind it.” She—“ No. But Fido does.” Mispress—" go you are going to leave my service ?’ ’ Now, what motive impelB yon to go away P” Servant—" It’s no motive, madame; it’s a soldier.” He—“ She is a general favourite among the men, I take it.” She—"What makes ion think so P” He—"The women all •eem to hate her," 