THE HUMOURIST, 'What oil earth are you doing?' exclaimed Mrs. M'Bride when she saw her husband 3abbing a pin into an ornamental piece of embroidery on her dressing table. ' Merely putting a pin into this cushion, dear,' he replied. 'Mercy me! -I paid 15dol. for that pincushion at a church fair, and do you suppose I'm going to allow pins to be Etuck into it ?' I The knack of looking at the bright side of things was never developed to such perfection as in the case of a man who, after a railway accident, telegraphed to his friend's wife: — ' Your husband killed in rail way accident ; head, both arms, and both legs cut off.' But later this correction was received: — 'First report exaggerated; your husbmd killed; head aud legs cat off, but only one arm.' Madame Parvenu : ' Can I get you and your orchestra to play at my soiree next Thursday night?' Orchestra Leader: 'Certainly.' Madame Parvenu : ' Well, you may consider yourself en gaged. But I want to make arrangements to hire you by the piece, do you understand ? The last time I engaged you by the hour, aud your men took advantage of it and plaved slow, soft things most of the time.' ' Look here,' said the parent to the school teacher, 'I see that one of the lines in my boy's copy book is, 'Less haste, more speed.'' 'Yes,' ' And here's another that reads, 'The longest way round is the shortest way home.'' 'Yes.' ' Well, I want it stopped. I don't want those mouldy proverbs festooned around his intellect. I'm educating him for business — not the United States Senate.' In a small town not a hundred miles from Dundee, a blacksmith and a hammerman were busy at a job on the anvil. The hammerman was plying the ham mer with great force on the iron. Suddenly he missed the iron, and hitting the blacksmith on the hand, made him run round the shop holding tbe in jured hand with the other. . The workmen all gathered round the blacksmith, to whom he showed i his injured hand, when the hammerman came up and : said, ' Come awa', man, and feenish yer job ; it micht be 20 meenits afore I dae that again.' A Scottish divine was busy in his study composing ] and rehearsing his sermon for Sunday, and at the same time enjoying a whiff of a fragrant weed, when his studies were rudeiy interrupted by the appear - I ance of one of his elders, who was a great teetotaller and anti-tobacconist. ' Good morning, Mr. Mor | rison,' said the reverend doctor, as he offered his visitor a chair, ' I hope you are all well at home.' ' ' Ou, ay, we're a' fine, thank ye. But, man, I'm sair astonished and vexed tae see you, a minister, sae busy burnin' incense tae Sawtan.' ' Oh, I see,' said the doctor, between the puffs. ' Well, if I am, I had no idea he was so near me.' She was upstairs, and had just turned out her light when she heard a caller ask for her. She made a dive for her powder-puff in the dark and dusted her face with powder. She went to the parlour and found a distinguished stranger, on whom she was anxious to make an impression. He appeared rather nonplussed at her looks, but being a man of the world, which means a man wise enough not to tell a. woman her faults, he said nothing. She pat and chatted gracefully, and had a delightful evening. As soon as he had gone she rushed to the mirror, as every girl does when her beau leaves. She gave one scream and went oil iuto hysterics, for in her haste and the dark she had dipped her powder-puff into a box of pulverised charcoal, and she had the make-up of an amateur coloured minstrel. The young gent from Boston had gone west to grow up with the country, and as an incidental to that growth he had taken a position as waiter in a Gulch restaurant. Yet the dignity and culture of the place of his nativity hedged him about, and, as I far as he could, he insisted upon the proper recog nition of it. One day a terror of the plains came in to feed, and he spotted the Bostonian. ' Say, waiter,' he began. ' I beg your pardon,' inter rupted the Hubster, ' I am not a waiter, sir; lam a functionary of ? ' The terror yanked a gun out of his belt in a manner that ended the sentence abruptly. ' Oh, you arc,' he said with fine sar casm, ' well, if you ain't back here in two minutes with a feed fer we and my pardner, you'll be a de fun ctionaiy^j; Now, git,' and the culture of Boston In a couutry parish in the North-East of Scotland there lived a worthy old minister, who was wont at times to boast that he made the services in his church as impressive and interesting to his flock as possible ; but there was one of those ' religious rites ' which he had not been able to introduce. This was the re sponding by his congregation with ' Amen ! ' at several parts of his praj ers. Plan after plan was brought up, but as quickly dismissed. Iu despair he consulted with John the village beadle, who hit on a rather original but very sensible plan. ' Nothing could be simpler,' John said. ' You 'Will buy a pennyworth of peas, sir, knd every time you drop a pea on my head I 'will answer ' Amen ! ' ' What the minister thought of it is not for me to say, hut he yielded gracefully, not daring to question John's superior wit. Were there no misgivings in the heart of John as he took his accustomed seat below the pulpit that Sunday ? No. The usual repose of his calm and benignant counte nance was unruffled when, in the course of prayer, a pea struck that part of his cranium where the growth of hair was least, and he uttered a solemn aud fervent ' Amen ! ' Scarcely 60 seconds had passed ere messenger number two hit tbe mark, but John was equal to the occasion. Before breathing space was given him three more followed, and John, with no other emotion than that of surprise, uttered as P many 'Amens.' The crisis came, however, when 5 the minister, leaning over to John, who was half | choked in his endeavours to keep up with the peas Jf that now showered around him m all directions, i whispered, ' Wheest, wheest, John ! The poke's 1 burst I ' An uptown young man who is fresh to a degree that surpasses endurance, and who persists in talk ing all the time there is anybody in sight, went out for the evening one night last week, and met a girl from Boston. Although the young man talks con tinually, he occasionally uses some very bad English. One fault is particularly glaring. He invariably says ' I done it ' for ' I did it,' and, e&he; is con tinually talking about himself, he makes this mistake many times in the course of an hour. He engaged the Boston girl in conversation, and told her tome fairy tale about something or other that had happened to him. When lie got through she ex pressed surprise that such a thing could happen, and asked him, 'Did you really do all that?'' ' I done it,' replied the young man proudly. Then he branched into another romance. This was even more startling than the first. The girl from Boston listened patiently, and, when he had finished, politely expressed her great astonishment. ' Why,' she said, ' can it be possible that you did anything so wonderful?' 'That's what I done,' replied the young man, chucking out his chest as he made the remark. The great success of his two stories spurred him to other efforts, and he recited another con densed dime novel for the benefit of the girl from Boston. When he haH finished, tin girl said, ' Oh, do you know, yon remind me so strongly of Banquo's ghost ? ' ' You mean the ghost in the Shakespeare play ? ' inquired the young man in a hesitating sort of way. 'Yes.' ^'And why?' 'Don't you remember what Macbeth said to him, 'Thou canst not say I did it ? ' ' And until this day the young man does not know why everybody laughed. 