SCENERY IN NORWAY. Let me describe a trip to one of the wildest and most secluded of these fjords, a branch of the Nord Fjord. This trip was made between the nightly hours of 9 p m. and 2.30 a.m., in broad daylight all the way. Of Norway in summer, as of Heaven at all seasons, it may be said there is no night there. The first portion of the trip was made in a small 2 wheeled vehicle to the head of the fjord, which was separated from a lake (Loen Lake) by a narrow neck of land. The length of the lake was ten miles. This lake was not simply deeply secluded in high mountains, but was buried in their profound depths. The mountains were 5000 to 6100 feet above the water, and were intersected by deep canons, each one of which was gorged by a very large glacier. These lateral glaciers did not reach down to the waters of the lake. From one of the glaciers we saw far up the canon, an overhanging, intermit- tent ice cascade discharge and scatter in a cloud of frozen spray. The deep blackness of the lake water was relieved by the bright verdure of the undergrowth upon the sides of the mountains. Common juniper, dwarf birch and silver-leafed willow, with moss lichens and heather, were found there ; higher up, reindeer moss, a lichen, is also found, with the ice ranunculus (ranunculus glacialis). The latter covers the ground near glaciers with a white carpet. Bitter as it is, it is eagerly eaten by reindeer. An hour's steaming in a primitive steam launch brought us to the head, of the lake, and an hour and twenty minutes' walk through the depth of the canon to the foot of the largest of the glaciers, from which a rushing but nearly clear river was issuin The j glacier seemed to descend from the sky, for its upper portion was lost in and covered by cold, watery, cumulous clouds. The well- known colors of the most intense and purest blue were exhibited by the ice walls at the terminus of the glacier, these colors, through greater shadow, sometimes deepening into absolute black. The scene was exceedingly wild and wonderful. It was made much more so by two of the loftiest, lonely rock forms, perhaps in the world. The highest was a detached cone of archaic granite. One of the two rocks was 5995 feet and the other 6050 feet in height. Shakespeare says ' Nature wants stuff to vie strange forms with fancy ;' but in that region there was no such lack. It was almost ' past the size of dreaming' in the height of its mountains, depth of its canons, verdure of its lower cliffs, general wildness of its scenery and size and profusion of its glaciers—relics here of the Ice Age which once folded in its frozen embrace all of this country, as it now does Greenland, all but a fringe of uncovered coast, Spitzbergen, etc. The whole scene, at 11 p.m., was in full but dull daylight, the sky being cold and color- less, except over the glacier fields away above. Another hour and a half's walk brought us back to the lake and the steam launch. We reached the fjord and the little hamlet and hotel on its shores at 2.30. The sun we knew had risen away up on the almost illimitable snow-fields above us, but he was not visible where we were. The sky grew clearer and softer on the fjord. There were high, dark mountains on both sides of us, cavernously deep, black and apparently motionless salt water between them, and a silence and peace as deep as if we had become residents of a land of permanent light, rest and forgetfulness in another world. We were so far North as literally to be near the end of the world, in a country there almost uninhabited. We were in the Ultima Thule of the Romans. When we reached the hamlet we passed the small, almost baby- like, white wooden church, surrounded by grassy mounds that told of silent tenants below. The effect upon the mind, of all of this weird scenery in perfect daylight at such a nightly hour, with the intense stillness and the unstirring air, almost made us feel as though the resurrection day had come and we were the first persons up. I never expect to be in a more receptive state of mind to see and receive a ghost calmly. —Thomas Magee. The Dame aux Camellias sighs in all Chopin's music over her lost virtue, which, however, she shows no anxiety to recover, and the characteristic expression of the most recent and popular school of poetry and painting is a ray of the same sickly and in the most part hypocritical homage to virtue. Without some such homage even the dying and super-sensitive body of emotional ' art loses its very faintest pretensions to the name of art, and becomes the confessed carrion of Offenbach's operas and the music-hall. 