' A LION'S HEART.' Although Messrs. Shirley and Lan.deck'e strong play has been eminently successful at Her Majesty's Theatre since its first production, Mr. Eignold having decided on rapid changes has resolved to remove it on Saturday next ; so that the public will only have five more opportunities of wit nessing this admirably- staged production. Its successor will be ' My Jack,' which, with Mr. George Eignold in the leading role, will be mounted on an extraordinary scale of completeness. Amateue Pkhpoemancb.— The Govern ment Printing Office Dramatic and Musical Society, whose excellent entertainments have already become quite an institution, will give a dramatic performance at the Royal Standard Theatre this evening. The pieces chosen for presentation are 'Nita's First,' and ' Deception, or Love at First Light.' An unusually large attendance is expected. In connection with the opening recently by the Princess of Wales of the New British Home for Incurables at Streatham, England, was given a fete and fancy fair, at which all sorts of entertainments were to be seen. The first entertainment visited by the Prince and Princess of Wales was a Richardson's show, where was performed Harry Nicholls's sketch, ' Hamlet in Ten Minutes.' The cast of this may be of in terest: Hamlet, Mr. Harry Nieholls; Polonius, Mr. Harry Monkhouse; Ghost, Mr. William Eignold ; Btage manager, Mr. G. W. Anson; Laertes, Mr. Reginald Stockton; King, Mr. Eric Hudson; Osric and several other characters, Mr. Fred. Kaye ; Ophelia, Miss Helen Forsyth; Queen, Miss Annie Esmond. Mr. George Uarrell commenced a short season at the Melbourne Theatre Royal on Saturday night, with a play produced for the first time in Australia entitled, 'The CrimBon Thread.' The plot is founded upon facts taken from the records in the possession' of the head of the Detective Department of the City of Chicago. ' The Crimson Thread ' abounds in some highly sensational and extraordinary scenes. There was a huge attendance at the Central Hall, Balmain, on Saturday night, when G. C. Allen's cantata, ' The White Garland,' was rendered bythe scholars of the Central Wesleyan Mission Sunday School, assisted by a large choir. The characters were a^ly sustained by Miss Howe, Queen; Miss Hay, Punctuality ; Miss Roderick, Perseverance ; Miss A. Lookwood, Generous Scholar; Misses Pickering, S. Hay, and E. Walker, Scholars; Master T. Lowe, Tardy Scholar; Master George Beattie, Quarrel some Scholar; Master J. Howe, Selfish Scholar. The singing was well timed and tuneful and the voices were well balanced. The second part was of a miscellaneous character, Mr. and Mrs. E. Lane were he ird to advantage in the duet, ' What Are the Wild Waves Saying,' and Mr. A. T. Nottingham was encored for his violin solo, 'Andante,' by Mendelssohn. The choir contributed 'Gloria,' from the ' Messiah,' and the part songs, ' Sweet and Low' and 'Farewell.' Mr. William Druce conducted, Mr. Nottingham led the orchestra, Mrs. Callan accompanied on the piano and Mr. T. W. Craven on the organ. , Messrs. Thornton and Arnold, with their 'Charley's Aunt' Company, arrived in Sydney yesterday by the Wairarapa from New Zealand. This afternoon they will leave again for Queensland, where they commence a three weeks' season in Bris bane on Wednesday next. They will open at the Sydney Criterion Theatre on Sep tember 10. 