ROMBANE OF THREE LIVE8, [Br GERTrUDE WARDEN.] CHAPTER XIII.-FEIIcE's VISITOR. Continued. Before the week was out, one por tion at least of the mystery of seven years ago was made clear to Felice from an unexpected source. At between two and three o'clock one wintry afternoon,. Louisa Greet, presenting a more;than usually unkempt appearance, appeared before Felice as the latter was writing letters in the - drawing-room, and announced the fact that there was 'a young person in the hall to see Mrs Fenton.' 'A lady, do you mean ?' enquired Felice, in surprise; for visitors were unknown inflictions at Stoneroyd. 'Well, ah don't call any o' them Hellwins ladies.' Louisa answered in stentorian tones. 'Not real ladies, like, as ,one may say-not like you, moom. But it's the girl from next door, and she's got her name on this bit o' paper,' Louisa continued, flourishing a visiting card between a grimy thumb and finger. 'There, ah know what you're going to say I Ah ain't fit to be seen, and ah know it. But, yer see, it's cleaning day, and nobody ain't clean on cleaning days. And such a mort o' dust as this 'ere 'ouse collects. 'Is Miss Ellwin outside in the hall 11 this time ?' Felice asked. 'Because, if so, please show her in, and-and roll down your sleeves first, Louisa, just to please me.' A few moments later a tall, grace ful girl, becomingly dressed in a tailor-made costume of dark cloth,with furs about her face, entered the draw ing-room, and smiled engagingly as Felice rose to greet her. ' I don't know what you'll think of us northern savages for not coming to see you before, Mrs Fenton,' she began, in a drawling, affected key. 'But really, you know, until I had been to your church and caught a glimpse of you, I didn't dare to ven ture here uninvited. I was afraid Stoneroyd ghosts might eat me. I haven't been here for seven years, and during the past few months-ever since you have been here, in fact,' she added, archly - 'Mr Maurice has deserted us altogether. . Papa is quite offended, and I had to pretend I was going shopping, or he would never have let me come. Mr Maurice was always round at our place in the evenings before he found metal more attractive at home '-with more arch ness. 'But I have, of course, never ventured inside the house since that dreadful affair, and if it had not been for your being here I shouldn't have dared to come now.' 'I don't understand you,' said Felice, coldly. 