NEEDLES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." ^tE—r!19b ' Richard, I am too happy." I He— Aever mind chat, my dear. It may not be always so. Hot. I Cycling. ! Rush fires. " Cinders." Cyclorama. Coal difficulty. ." Continentals. Popular concert. Slavers in Africa. Napoleon's ghost. London wool sales.. tabor Conference. A three-days' trance. Death from poisoning. Floods in Queensland. Death from sunstroke. Obit.—Mr. Joel Moss. Phylloxera in Victoria. Italy mobilising troops. The Austral at Albany. Stabbing case in Sydney. This is St. Vincent's day. ,,,y | ; Sudden death in Sydney. Infanticide in Launceston. Rush fire at Mount Brown. A surprise party in Afrioa. j A steamer damaged by fire. ' Queen Viotoria an admiral. Patal accident at Port Pirie. Cigar robbery in Melbourne. Railway accident in Victoria. , Envoys shot in Matabeleland. . Petersburg races on March 14. Scotch celebration on Thursday. A youth drowned in Melbourne. A mysterious disappearance case, j Two supposed swindlers arrested. No " Continental" on Wednesday. Outbreak of tuberculosis at Orroroo. i Military servioe shortened in Europe. Exciting crioket matches on Saturday. A Sydney sprinter leaves for Amerioa. " David Garrick died on Janury 20, 177,9. Three young men missing from Richmond, i 1S34? Ge°rge Verdon was born on January 21, i nightlard'SLilipUtiaDS ai the Towa Sail to womraeyiS StattiDg an inebriafce fetreab for Sydney?610 i0a8tS ^ S German Pienie in unTehttled.liti0al sifcUation in ItaIy is highly SafuSyd6 °y0li8tS had a rUn fc0 Woodside on oii'f°° L'ke ™ *»& pop.i« ™s3f F""°"w" sml,o'™d°» th9 E°8lS1' fa*»i Itei'rfdi0!™"'0018*'™31,0M h"»i tSSBir8 • '»*H 0,ub Taph* S-Yduey cricketers defeated the Auok Uud team VBty easily. The residents of Warnertown want 100 acres for a recreation ground. T?,3'Dfdera" TiU b! rePeated a' 'he Theatre Royal tnronghont the week. The Britist forces in Africa have killed 2nd slavers and freed 400 slaves. t-s.Prl iabor delegates in Sydney were enter- j tamed at a piomc yesterday. | e»8«i P^ferved, milk has arrived in .bnglaiid in excellent condition. 2\e*v Zealand revenue returns promise a surplus ot £260,000 for the year. promise a B*tAwa,?g6m6nfl! havs been completed for the establishment of a cyanide plant. ^ Alf Reed could not force Guarclfish into a place m the Steeple on Saturday. j <whf f0frK9* reTrve at) Mount Brown is in danger of being destroyed by fire. r,nTht;tfea^,nt' of sulphides is being carried on satisfactorily at the fejouthmine, • Miners' Federation are demand ing the nationalisation of coal mines. .Mr. McGregor lectured on "Thrift" at the Democratic Club on Sunday evening. The barque Jennie Barker sprung a leal- af, sea and bad to put back to Newcastle? " The cricket matches on the oval on KnfmA day resulted in remarkably close finished | *sssumBssssgts^ Scotchmen will celebrate: Bobby Burns's birthday at the Exhibition Gardens on Thurs day evening. The period of compulsory military service in Europe iB to be limited to one year instead of two or three years. Enormous yields of wheat on the Werribee Park Estate in Viotoria ; 70 bushels to the acre in some places. During a religious celebration in the Church of the Nativity, Bethlehem, a quarrel arose and an Italian monk was shot dead by ah Austrian, two other monks being injured. St. Vincent was born of noble parents at Huesea, in Spain, and was martyred by order of Diocletian on January 22, a.d. 304. Pru dentius called him "the glory and ornament of Spain." Plants breathe through the stomata. or breathing pores in the leaves. In case the plant or tree is of a leafless variety the stem, which is also provided witha stomata, performs the offices of breathing. Dr. Grant Bey, writing of the discovery of the tombs of Alexander and Cleopatra, says that the tombs are intact, and no doubt, as the excavations proceed, the tombs of tho Ptole mies will be brought to light. The foundation-stone of a German Evan gelical Church has been laid in Jerusalem. The German Emperor sout a document to be deposited under thestoue, in which he deolared that the ceremony was conceived in the spirit of unwavering faith in the great truths of Christianity. "Eva," he said softly as they strolled through the park, " let me call you Eve. It will make this place seem more like the Garden of Eden." " Certainly, George," replied,the bewitching maid; "but I can't call you Adam. You— you'are not the first man, you know, not by several, George." The largest specimen of-extinct animal ever found in the world is the skeleton of a Dinosaurian reptile, discovered in America in 18S2. The weight of the skull alone was 694 pounds and of the whole skeleton 1.900 pounds. It is now in the rooms of the Academy of Natural Soience, Philadelphia. One of the most interesting subjects in geological science relates to the gradual car riage of continents, into seas. Tho rain falling on the soil takes up "humus acid," which is to a large extent derived indirectly, from the bodies of worms. This aoid dissolves the substance of the rocks lying under the soil,, and the water flowing into t:jo streams carries with it a certain proportion oi-these in chemi 3al solution. jThus the Thames water is found So contain 1.9 grains per gallon of solid material dissolved out of 'the rooks in additiba.;,to.itiie jand and mud held in mechanical suspension. 