BY MAY KENDALL, A.uthor of " Sucl ,s Life," ".Dreams to Soll," " .rom a Garrctt," eta. (Published by Special' Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Leek, and Boewdn, Ltd.) [NOW PIRST 1'OfLISHtED.j CEAPTER VI. THE PRINcESS IN THE FIRE. Elsie woke the next morning with a curious new sense of being glad to wake. Generally, as is often the case with delicate people, waking brought a rather heavy consciousness of a fresh day, which must be gone through, whether one felt strong or not, of an effort that must be made. But this morning there was a re freshing buoyancy in the air. She knew well enough that the atmos phere would be more leaden than ever, when it had departed; but that did not matter. There is gladness, for which no price can be too high. Better spend a thousand years in the dark than lose the one bright day. The thousand years will eke them selves out, be remembered no longer-what is there in dark ness to remember? Pain estab lishes the fact of joy, proves it again and again and again, as if no testimony could be sufficient. But the fact, not the proof, is the impor tant thing. So, at least, thought Elsie, who was used to suffering, and feared it little, regarding it as a neces sity, like food and sleep. Jim saw the now radiance on her face, and half was glad, half afraid. Certainly it made her look stronger; but he would have preferred a strength that could be traced to a proper pro portion of red and white corpuscles in the blood, and more likely to be permanent. Ho was glad, yes, he was glad to see her look so bright; but it occurred to him to ask judi cially if she had finished the last bottle of tonic he gave her. ' It is finished,' said Elsie. ' I gave Mary some for her earache.' 'Why didn't you tell me?' said Jim, in an injured voice. 'I forgot,, said Elsie. ' You are very foolish, Jim. You seem to for get that you started years and years before me, and so did other people. I have all that to make up. If you think I mean to go on living when everyone I care for has died, you are making a great mistake.' ' Aren't the little Murrays coming to- day ?' inquired Jim, giving up the attempt. 'Yes, directly after lunch,' said Elsie. ' They will have to leave pretty early, because of the lecture, so I asked them for lunch; but Mrs. Murray said from two to six.' Jean and Jessio Murray were the children of one of Jim's oldest friends, who claimed cousinship with him and Elsie, and adored them impartially. Jim loved children, and on this occa sion he surrendered two hours of the afternoon to the sturdy, brown-eyed little maidens, and then left them to a blissful medley of tea and cake, and jam and fairy tales. One long tale and one short one Elsie told them, and they clamoured for more. 'There are no more on the pre mises,' she said, solemnly. 'What are premises?' inquired Jessie. ' Oh, don't you know ?' said Jean, with older sisterly disdain, since she was eleven, and Jessie was ten; ' the premises are Cousin Elsie's head. That's where she makes them. Oh! Cousin Elsie,' she concluded raptu rously, ' tell us fortunes in the fire ! They're as good as fairy tales, every bit !' She dragged Elsie to an armchair by the fire, which was certainly at the right stage for fortune- telling, and the two children sat down by her on the hearth in breathless expectation, while she looked into the glowing coals. But for some time the oracle was silent; a coal fell, and the children started. ' Oh! Cousin Elsie,' cried Jessie, tragically, ' do be quick !' ' Hush!' said Jean, no less tragi cally, ' she's seen something.' 'I see a great dark precipice,' said Elsie, ' with the sea underneath it. It is dreadfully steep. There is no one on it; yes, there is; someone is begin ning to climb up, a knight clad in armour. Ho is climbing very, very slowly; he looks as if he would fall back into the sea. There seems no where to stand; but he is taking fast hold of the rock. Oh, right at the top of the cliff there is a star shining. He wants to reach that star.' The children drew a deep breath, and waited. ' He is higher and higher;' Elsie went on, after pausing for inspiration, ' but he is very far away yet. Oh, I see something else. Down in the waves is a little boat, and some one in the boat is watching the knight as he climbs.' ' Cousin Elsie,' said Jessie, in an awed voice, ' is it the Princess ?' 'No,' said Elsie, shaking her head. ' I do not think it is the Princess; I fancy she had something to do with the star. It looks like his page wait ing for him. He would have liked to climb too, but I believe he is wounded. There has been a battle; perhaps he was wounded in trying to take care of his master.' 'Cousin Elsie,' exclaimed Jean, sympathetically, ' what is his name ?' ' Hugh,' said Elsie, promptly, her eyes never leaving the fire. ' He is just under that big black cinder, in his little boat' He has a nice face, and he is holding something, I can't see what, yet. And I can't see the knight's face who is climbing at. all. Oh, there is the Princess at the top of the cliff ! Now the knight will mount faster. That star isn't a star; it is the light of her wonderful hair and eyes. She shines, not flaringly, a beautiful deep shining like a jewel. She comes to the edge of the cliff and looks down, and the glow falls on the knight. Ah, now he climbs as if he must soon reach the top ! Wait, she is gone again !' Another breathless pause. ' The knight looks dreadfully sad,' Elsie went on slowly. ' There is not one gleam of the star-princess left. His face is hidden yet, but he hangs his head. I think he is going to fall back into the sea.' 'Oh! Cousin Elsie, don't let him,' shrieked the children, catching Elsie's hands. ' Hush, wait !' cried Elsie. ' I hear, I mean I see, a soft sound of music from the fiddle of the page in the boat. It was a fiddle he was hold ing.' Jean and Jessie listened. ' No, you can't hear it,' said Elsie, gravely. 'I only know it is there because I see him playing so softly and beautifully; and the knight hears it too. He turns his head, and waves his hand to the page. I saw his face then.' ' Cousin Elsie, was he very hand some ?' said the children in a breath. 'No,' she replied, half reluctantly, not very handsome. But he looked very good and brave. That music cheered him so much, he is climbing on again, though the star hasn't come back. He is quite near the top. Oh, there she is again, the Princess! She bends over the cliff ; there is such a lovely light falling all round her. She is reaching out her hand, he takes it; there, he has climbed the rest. He kneels down before her, but she raises him up. They both look very happy; they are walking away together, get ting smaller and smaller. I can't see them any more.' ' Cousin Elsie, the page !' cried the children. 'Oh, the page! Yes, he is still there, but he is rowing away in his little boat. He is holding something, not the fiddle; oh, I think it is the knight's helmet, that he left him to take care of. He looks rather as if he were crying.' 'Cousin Elsie,' said Jean, in an heart-broken voice, ' did they leave him behind ?' ' Not exactly,' said Elsie, ' I think afterwards they remembered and came back for him; but he was gone. He had rowed away to his own country.' ' Did he never see him again ?' asked Jean. ' I don't know,' was the answer. ' It isn't in the coals; I can only tell you what I see in the coals. Another night we may see, in another fire,' Elsie added, oracularly. 'What did the knight do with out his helmet ?' was Jessie's next in quiry. ' When there was a battle ?' said Jean. ' Oh, the Princess gave him another. A beautiful helmet, all gold and dia monds. The other was only an old iron thing, dinted and scratched. But I think he never liked the new one so well. -Children, here is Sarah come for you.' So Jean and Jessie went away, and Elsie, left alone, looked into the coals again and caught a glimpse of the knight riding to battle now; but he had his old helmet on, and not the now one. Then she went to get ready for the theatre. That night Trevanion, of course, was not coming to dinner; but he did not see why this should prevent him from walking home with the Everards, as their paths lay nearly in the same direction. At all events, he did walk home with them. They walked slowly; Elsie had been feeling her lameness more than usual that day, and Jim's pace was regulated by his consciousness of this. Trevanion, too, was disposed to loiter, it was such a soft spring evening. He walked next to Elsie, but hardly spoke to her, though he was very conscious of her presence. Such a consciousness seemed to him better than words, which, indeed, are but a poor, clumsy, inadequate means of communi cation, though we cannot do without them. They do not, however, conceal thoughts to the ex tent that is often supposed; a spoken word is not a word in the dictionary. The tone is the truest part of it; even a false tone reveals the fact of false hood. We give the ether a message to carry, and it carries it; but it carries, too, everything that we did not intend to entrust to it, on its own cceount. It is hopeless to try and thwart ether, which places every particle of us in communication with all the rest of the universe. We can not conceal ourselves except by death, probably not by that even. There is nothing hidden that is not revealed already. fowever, having but a limited ac quaintance with the ether, we often doubt its messages, and Elsie would hardly have known that Trevanion knew he was walking next her, but for one trivial incident. She was thinking, as sometimes happened, of everything but what she was actually doing, when her foot slipped suddenly on an iron grating. She had no chance to slip far; Trevanion caught her arm and upheld her. ' Excuse me,' he said, ' but I was afraid you would fall. These gratings are atrocious ! ' ' It was my lame fooet,' said Elsio, quietly. All the same, the next second was terrible to her. Few people would have thought her sensi tive about her lameness, which was sometimes hardly perceptible; rich as she was, too, in beauty, intelligence, and friends. But sensitive she was to a degree that even Jim never guessed, and just then she heard beforehand a tone of sympathetic pity in Trevan ion's voice, a tone that had ceased to hurt her from other people, but yet that she felt she could not bear from him. ' Take my arm,' was all he said, and she took it as simply as it was offered, but with the feeling of a weight rolled away. His voice was stirred in a way she did not understand; there was a touch of sorrow in it, perhaps a touch of added deference, but no pity, certainly no pity I Elsie was very glad. The star Prin cess seemed to be receding far into the distance, and the knight and the wounded page were together once more. She did not know that for Trevanion, as they walked slowly home, the princess was really there. But that night she dreamed of the page, kneeling in some dim forest by his master; and this time the knight was wounded, while the page was whole and strong; only hot tears fell from his eyes on the brow of the sleep ing knight. And she woke and found her own eyes wet. The moonlight was falling through the open window, and made a path across the floor, and the room seemed full of a ghostly presence, though there was no sight or sound. Yet she knew that if the shadows had darkened into visible form, she would have had no fear. After all, ghosts were better than real people, or were they real people themselves. And night was truer than day. She glanced round the familiar room; the walls looked far away, and as if they might vanish, like walls of air. The path of moonlight seemed the most definite thing in the room; she would have liked to follow it far away. But after all, there would be time for that later on. 'We will see what happens in this world first,' she murmured dreamily. ' There is all eternity.' It was dying away. The moonlight was moonlight still, but its magic was gone: the walls were in their places again. There was no use in staying awake any longer, and she fell into a dreamless sleep. There was an unexpected auditor at Trevanion's last lecture. Vi, who cared nothing whatever for social problems, had paid the heavy fee royally, and come to see with her own eyes what was happening to Trevanion. She came, and wished she had not come. (lb be continuedj. 