TURF FLOTSAM AND JETSAM. BY "NUNQUAM DORMIO." 11 K.\ ; T TI KII weather, an enormous attendance, and the pronounced success attending the starts with the machine, combined to make the V.R.C. fixture nf Til a" red-letter" affair amongst Derby days. The grand stand was nicely filled without being congested: the hill was fairly well covered: the attendance on the flit must have approached a " record," whilst 'way over on the opposite side of the. K-i It water River there was an assemblage of hundreds, indulging in a taste for horse-racing; anil an <>' fresrn outing at one and the same time. As far a= the club officials were concerned, the proceedings passed off without any material hitch, aloeit — i two or three occasions the placing of wrong; numbers up on the board led to some little confusion for a time. This slight error being; so foreign to the tradition of Famous Flemington during a Cup Meeting as to call for special comment. ON-LT five out of the other sixteen coloured on thii card cared to essdy the task of tackling the St. Allnns four-year-old, Havoc (by Nordenfelt. fiom Frailty, and therefore full brother to Zalinski and thri'K quarter brother to Trenton) over the mile da-Oj for the Miiden Plate, and (in the sihs»nce of ilaroou, who was scratched for all engagements) the bookies were certainly very moderate in their demands when they only asked for odds of '2 to 1 to be laid upon what presented itself as a " moral certainty." There are numbers oi' folks, however, who will not lay odds at horser.icing on principle, and, so as to have some sort of interest iu the event, these pirties supported The Enchanter (at 7 to 1) as being second best, strong in tlx; strength that Mr. S. G. Cook'B colt would do his level bsst to upset Havoc's applecart if possible. But it was not to be, as James Gougb secured a good position (second to Lord Richmond) just after the start, and miking his effort at the distance.— in effort by-the-way, which forced The Enchanter perilously close to the rails—be sailed '•omtortablv home a two lengths' winner from The ll- ir.lianter, who was a length and a-quarter in advance or P.;rturbition, the time being but Hiodiocic —iiuin. JSiac. For all that. Havoc is a Kicehorse, and it will never do to forget it. FIFTEEN (out of 24) lined up behind the starting machine for tile valuable Melbourne Stakes, of a tni/'i and n-quarter, and as the "gallopingmachine " was credited with being in full commission, the rank and file of backers quickly brought his price down to 5 to 2, Carnage's friends accepting ii's about him towards the finish of pencilling operations, when Ruenalf (stoutly supplied by the New South Wales contingent) was at ii to 1 and Bruin at 8's. The latter was quickest oil' the mark, Paris, Nightingale and Port Admiral following in close order. Ere a furlong had been traversed, however, Port Admiral rushed to the front, and passing the sheds Patron occupied second place, whilst Capstan, llruin and Huenalf were also in evidence, Carnage and The Sailor Prince heading the mun body. Approaching the turn for home the " galloping machine" shot to the front, but lnlt-wa.v up the straight something evidently went, wrong v. irh the works, and at the distance l! j un ilr took ooumund and won easily by a length ; (lb win) being third (only a neck behind Patron, mark you!) with The Sailor Prince (who came witl: a splendid run in the last half-mile, but unfortunately broke down iu the near fore-fetlock whilst doin^ so) lourth, Paris fifth and Newman and L'.rd Randolph the last pair. Time, 2min. lo.Ufic. ANH then, of course, everybody said the Cup was ail over : opinions being expressed that the \'.H i.'. should form a deputation to wait on Alderman 'JVddy Jveys. and endeavour to make a bargain with him to tike to much cash down and withdraw the five-year-old brother to Patron (by Grand Flaneur—O'.ga) from the greit two-mile handicap of the Spring. so as to allow of there being the Semblance of a Rice for the much-vaunted trophy. HUT it was all naught, and so we settled our- R^hvt; down to witness the decision of the Rothain Handicap, over a mile and a-half and a distance oT ground. Being the initial handicap of the mooting, and tiie journey a rather protracted one, it was small cause for wonderment that only 12 (of tli" l"si should start therefor ; and aB Solanum looked " choice" with Hst. illb., there was warranty lortiie chestnut going out at ;! to ]. Outside Solanum it was evident the V.R.C. haudicapper had set lackers a pretty knotty problem to f-olvo, a movement on the part of their respective stables eventually causing Foxtail and Wolf to advance up to 7 to 1, whilst Jericho and yuivur were at 8's ; the " books " not caring to spring more than 111 to 1 against such a galaxy of handicap tah-.nt. as The Possible, Cressy, Royal Master, Isolator. Candour, Telius and Taupo. Quiver's light weight (the minimum, Cst. 71b.) enahlcd her to go to the front soon after the start and stay there for the greater portion of the distance, biitaltboiigh the three-year-old daughter of Trenton and Tremulous struggled gamely against Foxtail (with 8st. 21b. on his back) she failed to quite last it out, and suffered defeat by half a head, whilst Wolf (list. 311b.) was only three parts of a length away third, followed by The Possible, Idolator, Jericho and Solanum. Time, 2uiin. 63J sec.; not at all bad, but still some 4 seconds slower than Grsygown's exploit in the same event. Foxtail must have gone off on Phil. Heywood and Co. just prior to the Caulfield Cup, or he would undoubtedly have shown to better advantage than he did in that event, seeing that he had 6lb. less on his back than what he carried to victory on Saturday. Then came the Derby, the Sensational Derby; the Derby when those who Soared Away to Dreamland went Balmy. However, ere I wander away, allow me to dascribj the more salient features of the great mile and a-half contest, for which Marusa claimed a 51b. gelding allowance. There were ten starters, the betting being 5 to 4- against Dreamland,3's Bonnie Scotland, G'sThe Harvester, 8's Marusa, 12's Malachite, and 14's Forward ; no sane person being foolish enough to .back any of the others—albeit they each finished in front of the "Bookmakers' Sheet Anchor" (or supposed sheet anchor), Marusa, for all that. The start was such a perfect one that the assemblage "gave tongue"inhonour of the innovation, whilst the first of the equines to make play was The Harvester, then coming in order Malachite, Destiny, Bonnie Scotland, and Dreamland. Not caring to risk the chance of having to make a waiting race of it in front, M)ore steadied The Harvester as soon as he got him fairly into his stride, and up the river-straight Question hold a commanding lead over Forward, whose nearest attendants were Dreamland, Malachite and AtlaB; Bonnie Scotland having dropped back to the rear along with Destiny. Mr. Gollau's colt ran up second as they swept past the abattoirs, Porward then being third, with The Harvester fourth ; Question still leading in the interests of Dreamland. Coming to the home turn Bouuie Scotland made a dash to the front, and after rounding the home turn Dreamland (next the rails) was inconveniently "scrooged" by Bonnie Scotland, the result (as it presented itself to the Recording Angels in the Pressbox on the Upper grand-stand, an excellent position for seeing what transpired, by-the-way) —the result, I say—of The Harvester, on the whip-hand of Malachite, hanging in and forcing the latter on to Bonnie Scotland. The mischance did not last a second, though, as Moore straightened his mount at once, and a battle-royal ensued between The Harvester and Malachite, the latter appearing aa if he would wear his opponent down for about half-a-furlong, whilst Dreamland chucked hie head up as if under the influence of some " nose tickling " (a la Portsea on a memorable occasion), and had to draw back and round his conipagnons de voyagealbeit an undoubtedly beaten colt at the time. Once within the distance the race was all over bar shouting, as The Harvester, finishing strongly, defeated Malachite by a length and a-half; Bonnie Scotland finishing up three-quarters of a length behind the second horse, whilst Dreamland was only half a length oft fourth, the others coining in as named— Forward, Atlas, Dryden, Question, Destiny and Marusa. Time, 2min. 401 sec., or a second slower than Carnage accomplished last year. No one was more astonished than the PreESmen before-mentioned when, on returning to the Graft Room, word was brought in that a protest had been entered against the winner. " What for?'' queried one New South Wales expert; "for Winning Too Easily ?" And the idea was laughed to scorn. But it turned out to be no laughing matter for the backers ot The Harvester, as official information was ultimately vouchsafed to the Press that Mr. C. M. Lloyd, the nominator of Malachite, and Mr. C. C. Murray (on behalf of Mr. S. H. Gollan, the owner of ' Bonuie Scotland) protested against the winner for interference. And, although it was a Question of Fact that should not have occupied five minutes in deciding the V R.C. stewards stultified themselves (to a certain extent) by allowing Outside Evidence to be brought in, the consequence being that it was afier eight o'clock at nifht before the coterie of spoits who were " determined to see it out" burst forth into the wildest demonstrations of delight on the committee announcing to Mr. S. G. Cook that they had decided to Dismiss the Protests, and allow the verdict of the race to stand. THAT the Best Coll Won is beyond the shadow of a doubt. Walter Hickenbotham himself was the very first to acknowledge eo. But, unfortunately, Onristopher Moore appears to be Fair Game for Beaten People to Gird At and Protest Against—on the Ofl'chance. Mind you, I don't say it was so after last Saturday's race, but at the same time I decidedly incline to the opinion that it was. And there.are Many Hundreds (if not Thousands) who incline to tli4 same opinion as I do. And, perchance, that very tact, backed up as it was by the Unflinching Testimony as to the Farcical Idea of whatever interference occurred Affecting the Result of the liice (volunteered by a High Official who is not generally credited with visiting Pytchley Lodge, or being on the best of good terms with the squire thereof—inore's the pity!), weighed heavily in the balance as against the strength of a combined protest put in on behalf of two 6uch prominent supporters of the Turf as Messrs. Lloyd and Gollan. 1 have it on unquestionable authority that it was at one time something wore than under consideration for a protest to be also lodged against Kalachitefor interfering with Bonnie Scotland, in which case it would certainly have been incumbent on Messrs. Bailey and Orr to have entered a' protest against the other three, as Dreamland certainly appeared to get all the worst of the deal, THE hiatus (or great gulf) between the race for the Derby and the decision thereof threatened to play old gooseberry with the two concluding items on the first day's programme, but still Mr. James M'Sweeney (a gentleman originally hailing from Maoriiand, but now one of the leading punters of New South Wales)managed to get a" poultice" (of Bomefive thousand pounds weight I) about his filly, Arihi (by Malua from Discard), sold to him as a yearling by Mr. S. G. Cook, for the Maribyrnong Plate, in which she carried a 51b. penalty, was half turned round at the post when the barrier lifted, and yet won by a length and a-half from Blue Cup, Wallace, Challenger and 10 others in limn. 2|sec., a register only once previously recorded—by Iolanthe, who won the great fivefurlong event in 1883. AND writing 1883 reminds me it was that Spring Meeting when the Sensational Archie started an Even Money Favourite for the V.R.C. Derby against 8 others, and also finished fourth.—to Martini-Henry, Sardius and Hurricane, the time beinff 2min. 39sec. Great Ccesar's ghost! How did the public "fall in " over Archie ! THE hubble-bubble of the Derby Protest was still exercising people's minds as the eighteen contestants deployed forth for the Coburg Stakes, of a mile and a furlong; the " sign " portending that it was looked upon as the " Taranaki Stakes," Mr. S. L. West's horse being backed down to 3 to 1, whilst Selim (7.12) figured at 5's, and Euroka (9.1) and Escapade (7 0) at 7'E. From a rather straggling start Pilatus (7.7) showed the way to Kinfr Orry, Taranaki, Elswick and Athata, but rounding the turn for home Taranaki drew up level with the leader, whilst Elswick, King Orry and Escapade were most prominent of the others. Once fairly landed in the straight Escapade ran up third, and at the distance gave Taranaki and Pilatus a racing " go-bye," galloping past the post a length and a-half in advance of Taranaki, who held a two lengths' advantage over Pilatus, with Pilot Boy (9.91 fourth, and Athata fifth. Time, Imin. 57j sec. Elswick broke a blood vessel during the race. 1 AM positive I never witnessed a larger crowd assembled on the flat at Flemington than congregated there on Tuesday, the sight of the multitude crowded around the starting machine just prior to the start for the Cup being a sight to be remembered. Well, it's all over now, and once more has the Unexpected flopped up; Patron—a 33 to 1 chance—winning (pretty easily at the finish) from Devon, Nada and that "dirty brute," Bruin, in the moderate time of 3min. 31eec. And, of course, we horse-watchers will once in ore come in for the inane questioning as to " How we can account for it ?" or, " How was it that we who saw this horse doing his work on the training track every moment never gave him a chance of winning the Melbourne Cup ?" THE only answer I vouchsafe to 6ucb interrogations being—Kindly ask Mr. F. W. Purches, Patron's owner, how it came to pass that he should have allowed 100 to 3 tube on offer against the Melbourne Oup winner without accepting such splendid odds." The night before the Melbourne Cup waB run (Monday night) young Horace G. Dawes (who so gallantly piloted Patron to victory) sent up to his old schoolmaster, Tbeophilus S. Marshall, to tell him that he didn't possess the slightest chance of winning on Patron! Even the lad'sownfather,"Chifney"DaweB,backed Ruenalf, and never put a " bean " on his son's mount. Right throughout the race, young Dawes states, he never dreamt he had a posssiblo chance until on arriving at the entrance to the straight he found the field coming back to him, and witnessed Nada and Devon closing up on the favourite. Then " Horry" sat down on Patron and drove him along, but experienced a mishap,nearly coming down through Paris (1) stumbling in front of him, whilst a furlong farther on he got a hit of a " scrooging " when making his effort between Nada and Devon. The latter must have been very,much in evidence coming up the straight, as " Toby " Moran (on Ruenalf) is very pronounced that he would have won but for being interfered with when preparing to make his effort, albeit it presented itEelf to me as if Ruenalf was beaten as soon as ever Devon got up to him. IF you ask ine, and without wishing to detract from the excellence of Patron's peformance at all. King Funk was the magnate mainly responsible for the victory of the four-year-oid son of Grand Flaneur and Olga. Half the contestants were Beaten Before They Started, and of the others half of them again yielded up the ghost without an effort as soon as ever Ruenalf took the lead. Those who were game enough to attempt to fight the issue out with him beat Keys'horse right euough—every man Jack of them; and you can but your bottom dollar there were three or four of the others who in turn could have put Patron, Devon and Co. down had they but imagined it was possible for Ruenalf to collapse in the manner in which he did at a mile and three- quarter?. " I am going to scratch Loyalty; I am not going to chase that fellow," rematked Dan O'Brien to me on the morning of the race, and out came Loyalty. And you know Loyalty at Sst. 121b. ought to have siood equally as good achance of downing Ruenalf as Patron at flst. 3lb., especially taking into consideration how that severe three-mile race at Randwick last September played up with both Light Artillery and Patron. PROM the time the weights appeared I mutt confess I never gave Patron the ghost of a show at 9.3 as against either Loyalty (at 8.12) or The Sailor Prince (at 8.5); and although X am willing to admit that the performance of Mr. F. W. Purches' colt stamps him as being next to Carbine as a four-year-old (" Old Jack " carrying lOst. lib. into second placB p.t that age), I still think that both Loyalty and The Sailor Prince would have finished in front of him had they started fit and well on Tuesday. I may be wrong; but although Patron won, 1 do not think he has quite recovered his rp.cent indisposition, and am quite willing to abide by the decision of the weight-for age events during the two concluding days of the meeting as to whether he has or not. THE time—3min. 31see,—was half-a- second slower than last year, when Tarcoola got home (as the wiseacres said), owing to the "wretchedly slow pace " set during the earlier portion of the race, I only wish Bertie Cripps hadn't dislocated his shoulder-blade, so that he could have piloted Tarcoola again. PERHAPS the most enjoyable day of the V.R.c Melbourne Cup Meeting is the *' Oaks Day "—-that is, tor those who attend races as a pleasure. To-day (Thursday) is the "Oaks Day," and to get through the programme item by item commend me to the following ;— FLYING STAKES. (Seven furlongs.) ARIHI BLUE CAP Jiruin. OAKS STAKES. (One mile and a-half.) QUIVER REQINA Sold. SECOND HURDLE RACE. !(About Two Miles.) APSLEY FAVOUR G.B. SPRING HANDICAP. (One mile and a-quarter.) RONDA PILOT BOY Newman. ROYAL PARK STAKES. (One mile and a-half.) MALACHITE RUENALF Dreamland. VETERAN STAKES. (One mile and a-half.) STRAIG HTFIRE TIM Lady SWIVELLEE Trenton. FOURTH DAY—SATURDAY, 10TH NOV. SPRING STAKKS. (One mile and a-quarter.) MALACHITE DREAMLAND Chesterman. STEEPLECHASE. (About three miles.) NORTON GRANJIWINQ Helios. CANTERBURY PLATE. (Two miles.) THE HARVESTER PATRON. Ruenalf. 