A Tragedy of Life. Lilian's Husbands. " And his body was never recovered, you say ?" " Never ! The boat was seen float ing out to sea, keel uppermost. They searched for days and days, hut no further evidence of his death could be found. What more conclusive proof would you have ? Some fishermen saw him put off. He never returned. Ergo, he must have been drowned." A clang of joyful bells pealed from the lofty church steeple. " When did you say it happened " " Last September. ' " And this is August. Rather sharp work, eh 1" " How long did Shakespeare say a good man's memory might outlive him? Half a year? This fellow was an out-and-out scamp !" Again the merry peal of bells rang forth. " Here comes the lovely bride. Let's go into the church." The speakers proceeded to the church, where were assembled the other guests bidden to the marriage . ceremony. The next ' moment the bride, leaning on the arm of her father, entered the church. She looked worn and anxious, and the dead white of her wedding gown seemed to heighten the pallor of her complexion. " Therefore if any man can show any just cause why they may not law fully be joined together let him now speak, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace." At those solemn words a few of tho guests looked furtively be- . hind the massive pillars, as though expecting some warning figure to glide out of the misty shades, and, with melodramatic action befitting the occasion, to cry "Hold!" But no such interruption came, and af ter an instant of suspense, and with some, a slight feeling of disappoint ment, the ceremony proceeded. All noted the smiling content of the bride, as she passed from the vestry on her husband's arm. "Looks 10 years younger than when she went up to the altar," murmured one of the fashion able crowd. " Marriage seems to be a wonderful beautifier." " Better try it, old man," whispered a sympathetic listener. " Your case is not utterly hopeless, you know, in either respect." _ . ... "Thanks," drawled the youth, smoothing his budding .moustache. " I don't care for these violent reme dies. The euro might be more unen durable than the disease." In the meantime the happy bride is seated by her husband's side in tho carriage. Her hand lies clasped in his. " At -last, darling," he says, " you may allay your fear. No one can part us now." She smiled at him through tear- laden eyes. "If only I could shake off this heavy foreboding," she whispered. ' "Jack, dear, it would have been wiser to wait a little longer." "Oh, wait," he cried, impatiently. " You forget, Lil, that I have been waiting those seven years. Would you add yet another seven ? You are as hard a taskmaster as Laban." " It is not for myself. I fear to bring sorrow upon you," she said. Ho laughed — a careless, happy 'laugh. " My shoulders are broad enough to bear all tiie sorrow you ever can, or will, bring on me," he returned, look ing down at hor with the light of un dying love in his'eyes. \- 0 As Lilian alighted from the carriage anil was about to pass up the 'steps a man brushed hurriedly by. She did not see his face, for he went on quickly, without excuse or apology. A sudden faint, cold fear seized her heart. She clung tightly to her husband's arm. " What is it, Lil ? You are as pale as a ghost," ho said. " Another of your sudden omina, oh ?" " My foot slipped," she replied men daciously, ashamed of a weakness which ho always ridiculed so merci lessly. There was no wedding feast. The bride's mother was simply " at home " to such friends as elected to come and offer their congratulations. The air of gaiety which tho wedding guests as sumed in honor of the occasion was palpably forced. The cheering cup which does not inebriate has neither tiic effect of ionding brilliancy to tho eye of beauty, nor sparkle to the wit of tho attendant knight. At tliree o'clock in tho afternoon a man is out of his element in a draw ing-room. Ho sits uneasily on his chair. His ideas refuse to flow. It is the hour and the place devoted to feminine gossip and scandal, and feminine gossip and scandal must needs languish in the presence of un sympathetic man. He is so "stupidly apt to take criticism for spite, and just condemnation for envy and malice. All felt relieved when the disappear- j ance of the bride to don her travelling attire announced that the hour of ' deliverance was at hand. | " There's that seedy cove again who was hanging about the church porch, Jack," said tho best man to the bride groom. "He seems to be interview ing tho coachman." Jack Strange strolled to the win dow. " I don't see anyone," ho re turned. " No ; you're just too late. He's off It's never any use trying to draw another fellow's attention to anything. It's invariably off beforo he sees it." " That's rather Irish, old man. A little bit 'oft" yourself, aren't you?" " Well, what can you expect ?" was the weary rejoinder. " I'm still suf fering from the depressing effect of helping you to your untimely fate, ancl thero's no fizz flying about to pull a follow together again. Is it blue ribbon or economy ?" " A little of botl), I believe," laughed Strange. "Never mind Monty, I'll make it up to you when we come back; from the honeymoon. You shall swim in fizz if yoq like." " Mrs. Jack isn't blue ribbon, then?" "Not a bit of it." " And doesn't object to smoko ?" / " Actually likes it." "Old chap, I congratulate you. You aro not altogether lost to us. I may expect to see you again— occa sionally— after your period of lunacy has expired." "Not occasionally Monty. Often, I hope." " Hopes, J ack — especially after mar riage — are delusive. In all your mun dane affairs, henceforth there , will be a casting vote. ' L'lioinme propose, Madame dispose.'"; The bride was duly kissed, blessed, and bedewed with tears. The bride groom was shaken violently by the hand, thumped on tho back and pelted with rice, which cunningly made its way down his neck, up his arms, and well-nigh into his eyes. At last the carriage window was closed against further intrusion, and the horses clat tered noisily away. "Pity one can't enter into the holy state of matrimony with out all these barbarous customs, dating from the dark ages," grumbled the happy bridegroom, inwardly swear ing at the discomfort of the hard and unaccommodating grains of rice, nnd outwardly endeavoring to remove all traces of the same from the wraps and handbags. " Why can't two sane people walk out one morning and get married without all this absurd fuss and bother?" "If we did it in that retiring way," laughed Liliun, " my people would say that I was ashamed bt- you, and your people would say you were ashamed of me." . " "What people may say is the bug bear of our existence,'' returned Jack discontentedly.. " We victimise our selves to silence slanderous tongues, and after all they wag 'every jot as fast. Confound this rice, I can't get 'rid of it. We shall . have all the- porters chuckling at us." "Don't be so savage,. Jack, or I shall think you really are ashamed of your choice," said Lilian, coaxingly, thus creating a diversion which, appa rently, had the desired eftect of sooth ing the ruffled spirit of her " lord and master." . After ensconcing Lilina comfortable corner seat in the Portsmouth express, Jack left her in order to get the tickets. As she bent forward to un fasten some wraps on the opposite seat, a black shadow darkened the window. She looked up hastily to say that the carriage was engaged, but there was lio one to be seen. Again the cold, sickening fear came over her. She en deavored to shake it off, but in vain. "How foolish I am," she told her self, " to start at every shadow. One would think I was a criminal escaping fron? justice. And yet — and yet — oh, if I only had certain proofs of his death. Try as I will I cannot shake off tho deadly fear that, one day, we shall stand face to face." Sho shuddered, then with a violent effort recovered herself. It was impos sible, utterly impossible. In a few short weeks she would have lived down l/heso. childish fears, and would laugh at their utter folly. " You've been frightening yourself again, I see, my darling," said a cheery voice. "What a silly child . you are. The fact is, I mustn't leave your side even for a moment, in future." "What a terrible fate," said Lil smiling. " For whom, pray ?" " For both, of course," returned Lil. " Need you ask ?" " I shouldn't think so," replied the newly-made husband with a slight accent of reproach. But he forgot his protestation when, after dinner, at Yentnor, ho asked Lilian if she would mind his going out for a smoke. She had excused her self from accompanying him, on tho plea of feeling tired with the long journey. " You are ' sure you won't feel lonely ?" he inquired, pausing on the threshold. "Not a bit, dear,'' she replied. " I shall welcome you back with all the more eifusjon for your short absence. You know, if I don't begin by tying you to my apron-strings, I sha'n't feel mortified at your breaking loose." "I should never break loose, Lil," he returned. " It will be best not to put tempta tion in your way," she said, jumping up from her chair to give him a fare well kiss. # She had not been sitting alone many minutes when there was a knock at tho door. " Come in," she said carelessly, thinking it was tho hotel waiter with some message. The door opened, and a man entered stealthily, and closed it immediately behind him. The unexpected silence made Lilian look up. . The intruder still stood by the door. He met lier gaze with a smile. "You did not expect to see me," he said. Lilian rose slowly, grasping the arm of the chair and the table to sup port herself. Her face was bloodless to tho very lips. " You !" she gasped, gazing at him with eyes full of horror. "Yes, I ! Your husband!" he re turned, mockingly. " You don't seem very glad to seo mo. Considering that I have roturned from a watery grave, and consequently feel sufficiently chilled, I think I have a right to a warmer welcome. Why don't you run nnd throw your arms round "my neck, like a loving, dutiful wifo ?" " You !" she cried again, as though unablo to bolievo hor straining eyes. Then covering her face with her hands, as though to shut out some loathsome sight, she fell back in her chair. " Oh, my God !" " You are not complimentary," he remarked, still scoffing. "But you evidently did not mourn my untimely fate very deeply. That was a divert ing little farce you played this morn ing. You looked very nice in your wedding toggery, but you wore evi dently nervous lest the bogey man should put in an appoaranco and for bid the marriage. I'd half a mind to do it just for the fun of tho thing, but I thought I'd give you a little more line." " You were there — in the church ?" sho said, half dazed. " Oh yes, I was there. I was at the station, too. I travelled down in the same train as the happy pair.'' He laughed again, as though pleased with his carefully-prepared surprise. " Why have you let us believe you were dead ?" she asked wildly, starting to her feet. " Why ? Oh, because there was no purpose to serve by announcing my resurrection till now. We never cared for each other ; we soon found that out conclusively. I knew you wouldn't be overjoyed to see me !" " Then why, in Heaven's name, have you come now ?" . " Because there is some purpose to be served. I want money. I have; always wanted it, more or less, but now I- want it worse than ever." . " What do you mean?" For a moment the pitiful scoundrel looked abashed, but only for a moment. " I mean that if you care to, make it worth my while I will disappear again. Everyone was very easily duped before. We can dupe them still." Lilian staggered back. "Is it possible that I once loved this man ?" she said almost under her breath. " Oh, come now, no heroics," he said brutally. " It is as much to your interest as to mine to keep me dark, seeing that you have committed bigamy; — an awkward offence in the eyes of the law." It was a mistake," she said with a terrified cry. " I believed you dead." " You di(l not take much pains to verify your belief. The wish was father to the thought, I suppose. Neither did you wait very long before you were on with the new love. Com promising facts, my lady, to say the least." " And if I refuse to give you hush money ?" "If you refuse — well, you'll have to come away with me at once, this very moment — do you hear?" He made a step forward as though to enforce his threat by violence. She shrank away from his touch. "Don't touch me," she cried hoarsely. " Give me a moment to think." " You'd better look sharp about it then, or that follow will be back." She groaned. \ "You are right. I could not bear to look on his suffering. I will spare him, at least, the agony of such a parting. For his sake I consent to go with you at once." This was totally unexpected, and the last thing her husband desired. His empty threat had brought about an awkward contretemps. He must temporise. He shifted his ground rapidly. " You'll have some things to put together," he said, dropping his hec toring attitude. "And, no doubt, you'll like to write some touching words of farewell to Number Two. I'll call for you, my dear wife, in half an hour." " I've been a fool," he told himself as he descended the hotel steps. " I should havo tackled him first. I for got that Lilian always liked to pose as a self-sacrifieing martyr. I believe that was really what ragged me and made me fly to drink.. As a last resource I'll try and find the happy bridegroom, and see what I can make of him. He went toward the cliffs. If I've luck I may meet him." He made his way along the edge of the cliff toward Steephill Castle, and it was not long before he saw a solitary figure coming in his direction. "Here's my man," he uttered. "I wonder whether he will stump up or not." The footpath was narrow, and he placed himself exactly in the way of the man, who was advancing rapidly. "Mr. Strange, I believe," he soid, "you needn't grasp your stick. I assure you I have no intention of molesting you." " Let me pass, then," returned Jack. " I am in a hurry, and have not tho pleasure of your acquintance, though you seem to know my name." " I fancy you know mine still bettor. Before I was drowned I was called Luxmore. Now that I have como to life again so miraculously I fancy I may. still lay claim to the cognomen." Jack stepped back a pace. " Luxmore — you," he exclaimed. The man laughed. "You really don't seom to have too many ideas between you. That's all Mrs. Luxmore could find to say, or shall I, for courtesy's sake, call her Mrs. Strange ? Upon my word, it's an embarrassing question." Jack recovered himself. "You have seen her?" ho asked sternly. "Necessarily, since I can give an account of her reception of me." "Sbie sent you to me? Sho was right." " Excuse me, sho did nothing of tho kind. She lias promised to return to my sheltering arms." "Lilian return to you ? Never I" Luxmore laughed again. "You forget that I havo a prior claim." " I do not forget that scamps like youaiways have their price. Name yours to leave her in peace." "I see you understand business. You want to pay mo to disappear again." " Tiien the accident was a precon certed one ?" "What else do you suppose ? Matri mony did not suit me. I got on board a French fishing-boat, landed at Havre and took a passage to America. If I had had any luck you wouldn't havo beun troubled with me again." " I foar the devil doesn't look after his ov/n as carefully as we are taught to believe. So, by your own confes sion, you deserted your wife. Why do you claim her again ?" "I don't want her," he returned with his coarse laugh. " You are perfectly welcome to her, if you'll make it worth my while to give her up to you." "You d — d scoundrel," said Jack, between hia teeth.. In his wrath he seized the man by the neck and shook him as a dog might shake a rat. "Look out," gasped Luxmore. "Tho cliff" Jack loosed his grasp and looked behind him. They were perilously near the edge. Another step, and one, or both, might havo been precipitated over the dizzy height on to the rooks below. . ' " I am not calm enougli to talk to you now," he said. - " Give me your solemn word that you will not further molest — your wife — to-night, and to morrow I will make a proposition to you for your consideration." "You should have kept your hands;, off me if you wanted me to agree to your terms ; " replied the other, vin dictively. His hand sought Lis breast , and Strange heard the click of a pistol. He turned sharply, and ssvw the weapon levelled at his head. " Don't be a fool — man, with yo/ur bravo's trioks,"he said contemptuously. " It. is not loaded, as you know." Ho struck the pistol backward "with his heavy stick. There was a sharp report, and Roger Luxmore, v/ith a groan, fell heavily at his feet. Then all was still. Fortunately for ' Strange, a coast guard had come up'' unpewceived during the scuffle, and had watched the subsequent proceedings. Thus no shadow of suspicion refited on the former. The shock and terrror had so prostrated Lilian that a l»jng and dangerous illness supervened. When she was restored to health she and Jack were married once mow 3, but this time in all quietude, and . ins .mediately afterwards he took her abroad. It was on the sunny shr ores of the Mediterranean that they fij.-st referred to the Tragedy at'Yehtncb.-. "I am glad I could' ieome to my darling again with clean b.nnds," .Tack .was saying, " otherwise' we should have been separated for /ever. But I will unburden my mini?) . with a full confession. I was wejl-nigh a mur derer. l't was with clift'.culty I could prevent myself from hurling him over the cliff" / She looked up at Iiin'j, trust and love beaming from her eyos. " You need no o'onfession," she 173 turned in firm, low tones. " You .could not have done it — even for me; " And he, rather tbis.n tarnish ever so slightly that perfee/t faith, did not contradict her. "'i 