THE FELL-THORPE GHOST. BY "LUOY HARDY" (Mbs. O. Lobd), Author of " Our Dew Doge," &o.;, &o.; "Sleepy Hollow," as I bare heard Fell Thorpe irreverently described by oaeual visitors, but I loved the place well. It wee one of those hundreds of pretty English villages lying nestled away amid green bills and woods, whose existence is praotioally unknown to any save residents in the vioinity. It bad its " great _ house" near, but Sir Henry Oolvil, our squire, was a middle-aged baohelor, who lived chiefly abroad or in London, only paying his oountry estate a brief visit in the shooting season. There was no induoement for any family to bury itBelf in a remote oountry place without aooiety, though my undo Philip had been vioar at Pell-Thorpe for twenty odd years, and would not have exohanged the living for an aroh bishoprio. A quiet, studious man, immersed in hit books, Fell-Thoipe exactly suited him. He hated aooiety; our village afforded none. His means were small; Fell-Thorpe was a cheap plaoe of residsnoe. He was a good and earnest man in the performance of his olerioal duties, but the most fervid seal could not fill up the entire day with paBtoral work amid so small a population. . So that with all his duties to his flook, scru pulously performed, Uncle Philip had yet leisure to pursue his beloved studies, and think out his great always-to-be-written book—I be lieve on the subject of the differential caloulus. Looking back I oan understand what a eaori fioe of inolination to duty Unole Philip made when he oonsented to reoeive me, a girl of eighteen, into hie quiet household. My mother was Unole Philip's only sister, and had eloped with an artist twenty years before, dying when I was about six years old. Unole Philip had opposed her marriage aB strongly as so gentle a oreature could oppose anything, and it was perhaps partly in oonse quenceof his desertion by my mother (who had J lived with him in his London curate days, and kept his bouse) that he was so ready to bury himself with his books iu a remote oountry village. Little intercourse passed between the j brother and sister in after years, although no actual quarrel ever took place(I oannutimagine j Unole Philip quarrelling with any one), and after my mother died my father kept up no correspondence with his brotber-iu-l^w. Only j when my father was dying did be bethink | him of the relative of whom I knew nothing, and write, consigning his penuiloss orphan niece to his oare. Of my father I would prefer not to speak. He was my parent whatever were his short comings. I believe in his way he loved me. He managed to keep me at achool until I w&b; j sixteen, and then, when the lady prinoipal, wearied with the irregularity of hiB payments, politely but firmly deolined to retain me longer, he shared his Bohemian menage with me. He had talent undoubtedly, and might have made his mark in the world had he ohosen to do so, but patrons and dealers weary of encouraging an artist who oan never be relied upon to oomplete a pioture or keep an engagement, while a taste for cards and dice soon drains away a larger income than usually falls to the lot of even a successful J painter. Two unoomfortable, restless years intervened between my quitting school and i taking np my residence with Uncle Philip— j years of shifting about in oheap pensions in France and Italy ; of debts, duns, question able Bohemian assooiateB; years whioh taught me to appreoiate even sleepy Fell-Thorpe as a haven of refuge from a troublesome world. Unole Philip had generously responded to tho appeal to receive his siBter's child, and even made the sacrifice (no slight one to a man of his shy, reoluse habits) of journeying | as far as Dover to meet me and take me to my new home. I shall never forget the anxiouB, puzzled glances the good old man oast at me I aB I sat opposite to him in the train, evidently regarding me bb a strange oreature, of whose habitB and ways he was ignorant. "I hope yon will bs happy in your new home, my dear, "he said at length. "I have never been aooustomed to take oare of young girls." " I have always been accustomed to take oare of myself, Unole Philip, at least ever since I left sohool," I replied truthfully; and Unole Philip's oountenance lightened con siderably as he said, in a tone of relief, "Have you, indeed, my dear; I am glad to hear it; I dare say we shall get on very well together." Very well indeed we had got on for over four years. My arrival had made very lictle d'fferenoe in Unole Philip's habits, and Debo rah, the old housekeeper, who was at first in olined to resent mv ooming,, soon learned to tolerate me amicably when she found I never interfered with her. For myself, it was such a blessing to be spared all the mean shifts and contrivanaes of our former existence; never to | be troubled with bills, never to have to con front insolent landladies or clamorous trades people, to live in an atmosphere of solvency and respectability; for small as was Unole Philip's inoome, it was amply sufficient to supply all his modest requirements, and even leave a little surplus over. Moreover I had an occupation, and oooupied people are never dull. I had inherited something of my father's artistio tastes, and had cultivated my oapaoity for painting Under his tuition. Fell-Thorpe was rioh in " bits" suitable for landscape painting; and I was able, through a pioture-dealer in London, who onoe patronised my father, to 1 sell sufficient sketches and small studies to | supply myself with a modest little income, enough for all my private needs, Unole Philp I absolutely refusing to allow me to contribute | to the household expenses, which he deolared 1 ecaroely increased. So we lived tranquilly together; Unole Philip deep as ever in his books, I busy with my easel. Dull as Fell-Thorpe was we possessed one souroe of exoitement. We had a looal ghost. The village Ohuroh, though small, was an ex ceptionally beautiful one. It had been built early in the fourteenth century by some un known benefaotor, after the loving lavish style in whioh onr forefather* were then wont to erect sacred edifices, and through the poverty of the looal residents had happily esoaped the "beautifying" (by galleries and whitewash) of the eighteenth century, and the yet more destructive "restoring" of the nineteenth. A convent of nuns had formerly adjoined the Obnrch (the oonventual buildings bad been destroyed at the Dissolution) and a curious sort of gallery at the wist and of the Oburch was still oalled the "Nuns'Gallery." It was shut in- by an exquisitely carved stone tracery, which rendered the oooupants invisible below. (unl6Bs they aotually thrust their heads out of one single.kind of \<e\1 de basuf in the middle of this stone soraen) and yet enabled persons in the gallery to hear the eervioe in tne Ohuroh below, and even to oatoh glimpses of the congregation through the open speaea between the carving. Thie gallery wee disused now,but tradition Heerted that it wh onoe connected by a passage with the convent, and that the nuns had been wont to occupy it on -great festival) when they attended service in the Ohuroh. Here was the looale of the Fell-Thorpe ghost. In days of yore, so ran the legend, a oertain valiant knight deceased, leaving large estates to his ' eldest daughter Sibyl; but providing that, should she die without issue, they should descend to his younger daughter Maud, ohild of his seoond wife. His widow, who proved the" typical wioked stepmother, "had therefore a strong motive, if not to take the life of her stepdaughter, at least to keep her unmarried. This latter plan wh easily carried out. Sibyl was betrothed to a young knight who joined the Crusades. Plausible evidence of hiB death was forged, and the heart-broken girl easily persuaded to immure herself in a oonvent. When her betrothed returnedshe was for ever hidden from his sight. Years rolled by, and some of the nuns, among them Sibyl, now Sister Ave, migrated to the newly ereoted cloister at Fell- Thorpe. And it so ohanoed, on one high festival, when the nuns were singing behind their stone soreen in the Church gallery, that Sister Ave beheld among the congregation beneath the lover wham she had long mourned as dead, alive and well, and with a fair young bride by bis side. With one wild oall on her lover s name the nun thrust her head through tho opening in the screen to gaze onoe more on his beloved features, and then sank baok in sensible and expired, literally of a broken heart, as the scandalized sisterhood were carrying her away. j And, the story ran, on each anniversary of her death, a pallid face in nun's ooif and wimple looked out of the gallery and a wailing cry resounded through..the Church. It was even added that sometimes the spectre "named" tome of the looal residents, and that the persons so distinguished invariably died during the year; but the ghost had not been " personally interviewed" for centuries, as its manifestations only took plaoe at midnight, and tradition had not preserved the exact; date of Lady Sibyl's tragioal demise. j The legend was remembered because Fell Thorpe folk had so little to talk about. The , old sexton, and eveu Unole Philip, consoien- 1 tiously related the story to any stray visitor who wh taken over the Church, and the former, at least, devoutly believed imit. _ Still one as no one in the village wh likely to oe in the Churoh at the hours the ghost "walked" (we were far too Bleepy for " watoh- night" or kindred services) our looal Bpeotre was at least a most inoffensive one. Among our few resident neighbours were an THERE WAS LITTLE DOUBT THAT I WAS FACE TO FACE WITH THE BOBBERS OF OUR ALMS BOX. old major and his wife, the latter rather an invalid. They bad oome to Fell- Thorpe some years ago, and apparently laoked the energy to go away again. Their little houee suited them; Mrs. Grant waa benefited by the country air; tbey found variety in an occa sional visit to Bath or Buxton, and returned to Fell-Thorpe, always talking of removing but never oarrying out their threat. Uncle Philip and the major beoame great oroniea. From laokof other occupation Major Grant beoame an entbuaiaatio archaeologist. He took in a quantity of publications on the eubjeot—remarkably dull publications they appeared to me—and be waa always prowling about the Churoh and finding or imagining some hitherto undiscovered attraotion in its hoary stones. He had lately lighted upon a email window in the ohanoel, now built np, and had oonceived the theory that this waa one of the anoient lepers' windows" (made to allow the viotimB of that fearful disease to behold from without the Ohuroh eaored ritea tbey might not mingle with the congregation to share in), and wsb eimply wild to have this window reopened and filled with stained glass. He succeeded in infeoting Unole Philip with hia enthusiasm, but restorations cost money. This consideration, however, by no meanB damped the major's zeal. His idea was that we should gather all we possibly oould in the neighbourhood, and"then make an appeal to the generosity of the publio in the news fiapers, setting forth how we had done our ittle all, and now appealed to "lovers of aroh ecology" to help us to complete our good work. " I'll tell you what I'll do myself," said the major. " I'll give you a beautiful old seven teenth oentury almsbox in carved oak (I picked it up obeaply abroad one year), and you oan set it up in the Ohuroh and invite contributions for our fund. Why, my dear fellow, Barely even the poor folk will feel a little interest in ao important, so looal, an objeob. Now Sunday week is your harvest thanksgiving—by-the-way. Sir Henry will be down here then. You just preaoh a good, impressive sermon, and jpoint out the arobi teotural gem I have diaoovered, and invite liberal contributions." "Every one is poor here," sighed Unole Philip. "Poor people oan give something. Look what a year this has been for the farmers (it was sunny 1887); beside we never had any real looal Jubilee Memorial. Now the restoration of this interesting—this glorious— j window would be a very fitting one," Carried away by the tide of enthusiasm UnolePhilipreadily consented toexert his beat eloquenoe to induce the congregation to believe, that to contribute to our " Restoration Fund" would be the most appropriate form of evincing, their thankfulness for the harvest of 1887 and. the Aooeaaion of 1837. " But we really oannot — knowing the circumstances of. the congregation, expeot above" "Ten pounds," interpolated tbe major. " Remember, Sir Henry will be there and al his servants." "No, no, say seven—well may be rather over. Of ooorse we may gather more by speoial house-to-honee appeals. The festival day oame, and Unole Philip preached one of bis best sermons. He really was eloquent sometimes, tbongh he varied considerably, often preaching admirable, scholarly disoonrses, but completely "over the heads" of the rnstio congregation, who had never read the Fathers and knew nothing of early heresies. But on this occasion Uncle Philip laid asideallueions to Gnostics and Manl cheaus, aud preaohed in a style oomprehen sible to his hearers ; and I felt sanguine as regards the oolleotion we should find in the box—"our neighbour's kind gift," as Unole Philip explained this reoeptaole to be. Un fortunately the major and bis wife were absent, also our senior ohurohwarden, the former obliged to start earlier than usual for Buxton in oonsequenoe of a fib of goat; the latter ill in bed. But both had promised to forward contributions to our "Window Re storation Fund," so their abscnoe would not affeot us finauoially. " I will leave the box unopened until Satur day," remarked Uncle Philip as we ate our early dinner. " I should like Smith (the ohurohwarden) to be present, and it is possible that as there is a saint's day service this week a trifle more may be added to the oontents of the box after to-day." I knew that Smith had somewhat "oold watered" the Boheme of the oolleoting box, and undeistood that Unole Philip was looking forward to a mild tnnmph when it was unlooked. Saturday afternoon, accordingly, my unole, Mr. Smith (the keeper of the village ehop and vioar's ohurohwarden) re paired to the churoh, I aocompanying them as a onrious speotator. " And now to see what our good neighbours have done for us," said Unole Philip as he on looked the box and raised the lid. Could we believe our eyes ? Unole Philip fairly rubbed his as if to make sure that he was not the victim of some strange optical delusion. Yet, gaze as we would, count ss we would, the faot remained that eightpence in coppers and two peppermint drops repre sented the entire " thank-offerings" of the congregation. Mr. Smith first broke the awful silence. " I never did bold with this new- fangled idea of the major's about a box," ho remarked solemnly. "Perhaps," said Unole Philip, in the tone of one who oatohes at a straw, " People made a mietake and put their mousy into the poor box." We boastedan antique reoeptaole solabelled, v/hicb was opened quarterly, and its contents (if any) distributed among a few needy widows. It had been reoently ao emptied, and was found empty still. Uncle Philip was a mild man, and a patient—but worme turn at last. He pieaohed next day in a style wholly novel to his hearers, and for onoe the entire oongregation sat awake and attentive, the buoolio mind slowly gathering that " passon do seem terrible put about iike by summat." I sincerely hoped that Sir Henry, whom we all looked upon as the worst offender, would feel prioked in bis oonsoienoe, and it seemed as if thia was the oⅇ, _ for the baronet lingered after the congregation had dispersed, and said good humouredly, " Well, Mr. Aroher, you doo't give us a very goodeharaoter for liberality. I really think you are a bit hard on us though." "I have iny duty to perform and my message to deliver, Sir Henry," aaid my uncle gravely. " Yes, of oourse. Only you know we are not Croesus down here, and if each gives accord ing to his ability" " Are you aware of the amount of last Sunday's oolleotion ?" asked my unole. "Not at all. I should recognise my own contribution though." "Ob, would you," said Uncle Philip with a ourious [htlesmile, " then if you willaooom pany me to the vestry I shall have pleasure in showing you what theliberality of Fell-Thorpe has considered an appropriate thank-offering at their jubilee harvest festival." We entered the vestry; Unolo Philip unlooked the quaint antique safe which con tained the Communion plate, and drew out a bag whioh he.emptied on the table. "Six pennies, two half-pennies, three, no four farthings, and two peppermint drops. I leave it to you to identify your own contribu tion, Sir Henry," aaid Uncle Philip with saroastio politeness, adding, " I soaroely think the remarks I made regarding this ool lection were unjustified." Sir Henry stood with an expression of blaqk amazement upon his ruddy, good humoured faoe. "But, my dear sir, there's something altogether wrong here." "Exaotly what I said this morning—it is sadly, lamentably wrong." "Bat I mean,' almost shouted the baronet, " that this isn't the real oollection, I alone pat in five pounds; I gave a five-pound gold pieoe, one of the newly coined Jubilee ones. It ooourred to me that you might get a trifle more for it as a ouriosity, Mr, Aroher. The box has been robbed 1" We returned to theohurbhand scrutinized the box aloaely. Neither the look nor the box bore the least signs of having been tam pered with—and yet where was the gold five pound pieoe? • "The box has a large opening," said Sir' Henry. "It would not be diffioult to insej't a thin stick or pieoe of whalebone smeared with birdlime, and so extraof the coins. I have heard of such things being' done before." " But there ie no one here likely to do each a winked thing," said Unole Philip, warming to the defenoe of hie parishioners. '•Well, I don't know. Fell-Thorpe oan furnish a poaohor or two, my gamekeepers tell me. It is olear that, the box has been robbed, Mr. Aroher, and you ought to have the matter investigated. By the way," and the baronet paused before leaving the vestry, "Do you keep that fine Sacramental plate in the ohuroh ?" It really woe fine plate, unusually valuable to be in use in a village fane. Some two cen turies ago it had been presented to the oharoh by a pious maiden lady who . bequeathed her modest savings for the purpose of replacing "ye altar plate and j furniture," which Waller's saoreligioUB ) troopers had plundered in the Oivil Wars. . Apart from their intrinsic value, the massive ohalioes and paten were exquisite epeoimene of silversmiths' workmanship, and might have graoed koathedral, "Where should I keep the Oommunion plate but here; it has been safe in tbie vestry for two centuries and more, "said Unole \- Philip. "Well, it eeeme clear that thieves have carried otf something already from thechurch, and I hops they will not pay you another visit, "eaid Sir Henry, and departed, leaving Unole Philip in a oondition of the deepest dejeotion. •' I thought my flook misers—am I to believe them thieves also?" he asked in despairing tones. The village oonstable and Mr. Smith were both summoned to give counsel in the matter but without oiuoh good result — the former frankly avowing that the matter "beat him the latter repeating that ho had "never held" with the box. A plate held at the churoh door would have obviated all risk of robbery. Mr. Smith, however, made one praotioal suggestion—that certain pieces of mosey should be marked and placed in the box. Should the theft be repeated and these coins changed in the village they might lead to the identification of the thief. Uncle Philip listened dejectedly to a eohenie which seemed likely to plaoe bun in the unenviable position of a proseeutor of one of his own parishioners; but Mr. Smith was insistent, and some coins duly marked were dropped into the box. We spent a miserable evening at the vicarage. Uncle Philip, an almost morbidly conscien tious man, gave himself up utterly to self - reproaches. If, after twenty yeare' pastoral work, his teachings had home no better fruit than this it was e clear proof that he bad mistaken his vocation — he was unfit for his post, and so on; until Deborah, who was clearing the table, openly " dratted" the major and his scheme of restoration. "If he'd a been content to leave the ohuroh as he found it chere'd a been no box to rob, and master wouldn't a been worrited." Truly let abmnti ont toujours tort. Every one seemed to put all the blame on poor inno cent Major Grant, Uncle Philip was equally despondent when Monday came; so much so that in the afternoon I made up my inind to go off and see if the Grants had returned, as tbey had arranged to do on this day. Major Grant was a cheery little body, and would probably brighten Unole Philip up if he would pay him a visit. Besides, I was naturally anxious to be the first to announce the startling news of thesuspeotedrobbsry. " You'll beoaugbtin the rain, Miss Annie, I'm thinking," remarked Deborah as she saw me about to eet out. on my expedition. X had a good two miles' walk before me, the Grants living at the extreme end of the parish. " If it rains I may wait to dinner and walk bank with the Major afterwards," I said; "don't let Unole Philip wait for me if I am Sot back to tea, Deborah." : Deborah gave a sniff whtoh I knew meant that she would see that Unole Philip waited fornoone. I was often aooustomed to drop in to meals at the Grants, and the Major to return the oompliment at the vicarage; but the Grants still kept np the fashion of a late dinner at 6 o'clock, while weoontented our selves with the humble midday repast. I think, however, Deborah's housekeeping was , the more liberal of the two. Mrs. Grant was always glad to welcome a visitor to break the monotony of her quasi-invalid life, and we had a fiotion of reading French and Italian together whiob served as an exenao for fre quent visits. Before I had gone far on my way, however, the rain began to descend. I have before mentioned that I sketched and painted. I bad lately been finishing eome email studies of the views from our churoh tower, and had taken the freedom, without consulting Unole Philip, to make use of the " Nuns' Gallery" as a kind of tem porary studio. The old woman who ole&ned; or was sup posed to clean the church readily agreed to sweep and dust out this disused part of the sacred edifice for my oonvenienoe, abd here I was wont, after oonoluding my day'a painting on tbe tower, to stow away my palette, paints, and canvas instead of troubling to oarry them to and fro daily as I did the great ohuroh key. Now, as the ram began to desoend, I remem bered that I had left my waterproof cloak as well as my painting gear in tbe Nuns'Gallery. Luckily 1 had tho key of tbe ohuroh in my pocket. I seldom went out without it, Uncle Philip possessing a duplicate. It was but a seep across tbe road to the church, and I eoon found my property, but as I turned to descend the dark winding etairswhicbled from the Nuns' Gallery I stumbled, and in the effort to save myself fell against the half opened door wbioh shut off the end of the stairoase. It closed with a slam, and I imme diately remembered that it was only opened by an outside latch, consequently I was aaught in a trap. I groped ana fumbled, and hurt my fingera in vain. It was impossible to open tbe door from within, and I resigned myself to tbe inevitable. I was less alarmed at my predicament than many girls of my age would have been. As regards tbe ghostly associations of the gallery I was utterly scep tical. My life, before Doming to Fell-Thorpe, had been too full of practical oares and anxieties to leave muoh room for imaginative terrors. I had faced the stern realities of life too early to be much troubled with "nerves." I should be missed and enquired for aB the evening drew on, and Deborah at least knew that I was in the habit of malciDg eketohes from the ohuroh tower. They were sure to look for me here when it was discovered that I was not at the Major's. It was provoking to be thus caged, and I hoped that I should be released before I began to grow hungry, bub at any fears of a supernatural visitation in the gallery never orossed my mind. To beguile the time I commenoed a sketch of the interior of the church as seen from my eyrie, and thuH oooupied worked until tbe evening ehadeB begau to falL Seven o'olook, eight, the church was growing daik now, and I began to feel chilly (though it was warm weather), tired, and deoidedly hungry. Well, it oould not be long before I was missed and sought for, so I wrapped myself in my oloak, and nestling myself into a convenient angle of the wall set myself to await release as patiently as might be. At last I fell asleep. I awoke suddenly with a sensation of having slumbered for weeks, and waa startled to see a light in the church below. I sprang up and was about to call out when a voioe fell on my ear, "Nobody ain't there," and the door at the foot of the staircase, which had apparently been opened, gave a click. "W In 1 I'd have settled 'urn if there had," growled another tone. Peering cautiously through the interatioea of the stonework I perceived in the nave two men, one of whom I recognised as Roger Simmons, a village loafer, strongly sus peoted of poaching proolivitieis; the other a most villainous-looking roan who carried in his hand a heavy bludgeon and a bag over hisArm. Perhaps the ups and downs of my former life had taught me self-oontrol, for I oheoked my first impulse to call out, and waited. There was little doubt that I was face to face with tbe robbers of our alms-box; equally little doubt that it would be wise to to oonceal my presenoe. Squeezed against the front of the gallery, I held my breath and watched. "Gome on," said tbe strange man impa tiently, throwing down his bag and extract ing therefrom some tools, "What (with an oath) are yon staring about for f" "There's t'ghaiat," half blubbered Roger, who seemed as if dragged on against his wilL " I be mortal feared to think we may tee she," The elder man swore roandly at Soger's cowardice and superstition in terms which I 1 refrain to quote. "Meastur,"eaid Roger desperately, in the tones of one making a last appeal, "I can't go for to do it. Why my old dame 'ud break her heart to think of them holy things being touohed; no good 'ull come of it, you'll see—taint like taking silver out o'passon's own house." " No, I don't think that your ' pasBon,' as you call him, deals in suoh silver," said the other ruffian, ooolly, as he sorted and seleoted bis tools,- " but you village fools don't know valuables when you see them. To think 1" he added, with another oath, " that it was just by ohanoe I caught eight of these thing6the Sunday I came to onuroh to gammon yon good folks, sod you only telling me of the haul I might make out of the alms-box. By tbe-way, here goes again,"and by thedevioo which Sir Henry had suggested-a bit of: whalebone apparently smeared with eome etioky substsnoe, the box wsb again rifled with a dexterity which told of long praotico. " It's no use standing shaking and shivering now," went on the remorseless robber; " you're in for it'all the way; you helped to rob the poor-box last week, and you've got to show me where the silver's kept now, so come along and no more talking." Hesitating and trembling, the less ooura geous thief followed towards the vestry, mur muring about his "dame," "paseon," "t' ghaut," religious soruplea and superstitious terror warring with the power his fellow oriminal had ontained over him, I had not lived for over four years at Fell Thorpe without beooming imbued with some of the sentiments of the place, and the saori j legioua theft to be perpetrated upon our ' treasured altar vessels roused me to intense j indignation. Auidea ooourred to me, I might run .some risk, bub 1 would ohanoe that. ; Pressing my face against the openings of the oarving I gave vent to a long sighing groan, aud was delighted to hear the sound greeted by an absolute yell from Roger. "T'ghaint, it be she," heoried, and would have rushed from the Church had not his com panion held him. "Wait a bit, you fool," whispered the latter, hut I pleased to deteot a decided tremour in his voioe, I gave vent to another melancholy eigh, loud enough to be audible below. "Curse it, there's soma one spying up there," cried the stranger, flashing hie bull's eye lantern on the gallery. A sudden inspire tion, born of the danger which I knew I was in, flashed upon me. I hastily wrapped my handkerohisf round my faoe, drew the dark cloak over my head, and thus having arranged up a very fair imitation of a cuu'b head gear thrust my head out of the opening where tradition asserted Lady Sybil had protruded hers, and poured out a loud wailing cry like a veritable Banshee. Cold and terror donbtlesB gave my voioe a weird sound enough. The effeotof my appearance wasmagical. Rogerfled yelling tothedoor, and hisoompai ion wasappa rentlyn'owmoresolioitons to outstrip bira than to detain him—in a second or two the men had vanished, leaving their tools and lantern behind them in their flight. It was some time before I ventured to desoend the stairs ; and then found to my great relief that the door, whioh one or other of the thieves bad opened (I suppose to see if any one was hiding on the etairoaee) had not qnite olosed. As I stepped out into the churoh the outer doer opened. I shrank baok in to >be darkness, but was relieved to see only Unole Philip, to whom I rushed; and rather startled the kind old man by bursting into a convulsive fit of sobbing in his arms. "There, my dear,there," be eaid soothingly, patting my head, " I Bnppcse yon got yonrself shut in somehow by aocident, and it's sadly unfortunate that you Bhould have been kept -here so long; midnight, bless me," as the dock obimed above us. "But the foot is that I was oalled ont jnst as I was going to bed to baptize a dying child at the other end of the parish, and when I oame baok and found yon still missing I, of oonrae, started off first to the Major's, where Debora Baid yon had gone. The Grants have not yet ootne home, and I found the honse empty and locked up. But as I oame baok I remembered that you sometimes sketched at theohnroh, aud thought it jnst possible that yon might be in here, partionlarly as the outer door was ajar—careless of yon to leave it so. by- bhe-wav. m<r Inwa—hnli Afi wkal^g hhu '' «■>/} TTn/tir my love—bat, eh, what's this," and Uncle Philip broke off. hiB narrative as his eye fell upon the tools and lantern on the floor, visible by the light of a similar bull's eye whioh he himself oarried, a service able guide for "his nocturnal perambulations over our dark country lanes. I rapidly explained my adventure, and how I had played upon superstitious fears of the thieveB to save our altar plate. Uncle Philip was delighted. "You ran some risk, though, my brave olevnr little girl," be said at length, after laughing heartily at my desoription of the abrupt departure of the thieves, " and I am thankful all has ended as it did. And now, Annie, remember, not a word of this adventure to any one for a day or two. I thinkl see my way to get back some of our lost alms-box collection." Early next morning Unole Philip paid a visit to Roger, who lived with his old mother, a respeotable^widow, to whom her son'sidle and discreditable courses were a souroe of sinoere regret. It was, indeed, consideration for old Mrs. Simmons, whom every one liked and pitied, whioh had made Sir Henry's head gamekeeper somewhat blind to Roger's more than suapeoted poaching proclivities. The village ne'er-do-weel was now, however, laid up in bed; groan iug under the newly awakened terrors of a guilty oonsoienoe, and a firm belief that he should not long survive the ghostly warning whioh he believed himself to have received from Lady Sybil's wraith. He needed no urging to pour out all his guilty secret to Unole Philip, confessing how he had long had secret dealings with the stranger, a noted London "oraoksman," regarding the disposal of hiB poached game; how this " Bill" bad oome down to lodge at his mother's ootfcage for change of air (burglare, like other people, may take an occasional holiday), and tow the announcement of our proposed collec tion for the Restoration Fund suggested to the London thief an opportunity for combining professional business with pleasure. Roger, already in his power from their previous illicit transactions, was a hopeless tool in his bands. Like a once famous London burglar, Mr. Brown, as the thief ohoee to be called, passed for an extremely reBpeotabls, even religious, kind of man, and quite won poor dame Simmons'* heart by the regularity with whioh he aooompanied her to churoh on Sunday mornings, a thing she could never induce her eon to do. We have seen how piously Mr. Brown employed himself during service time by " taking notes" of our local valuables, with a view to their ultimate plunder. Unole Philip had the satisfaction of recovering from the penitent Roger a part of the spoils of our alms-box, notably the gold five- pouud piooe. The congregation had oome forward very handsomely after all, and I think Unole Philip preaobed to himself as well as to his hearers when he delivered himself of an eloquent harangue against " rash and uncharitable judgments in bis next eermon." The stolen coins, or at least the large part of them, had been concealed in a hiding-plaoe near Roger's cottage, and Mr. Brown had been in euoh haste to oatoh the next train to London (one stopped in the early hours of the morning at a station some five miles off) that he had aotnally struok straight away aorosa country to Byford Junotion without delaying even to fetoh his olothes from Mrs. Simmons's. I wonder ii this worthy believed in the ghost, or auspeoted a polioe ambush 1 Any way be disappeared, and Fell-Thorpe saw him no mote. There was no doubt about Roger's view of the affair. Uncle Philip felt bound to explain the real state of affairs to him, when the man asserted the ghost had appeared to him, called to him by name, and therefore sealed bis doom. But Roger rejected all attempts at explanation. If, as Unole Philip asserted, I was in the gallery, well, like the Mousquetaire in the "Ingoldsby Legends," Roger oould only declare "it y a deux. I know what I seed, air," he persisted, with a stolid obstinaoy peouliar to the buoolio organization; and Unole Philip was silenced. Of course we ought to have proseouted Roger; eo said Sir Henry, and the Major, and even Unole Philip. Bnt the fellow was only the minor oriminal after all. He had received a terrible fright, was apparently sincerely penitent, and baa made ail the reparation in his power. Village communities are always glad to be rid of a local black sheep quietly "sithont scandal. Our looal magnates decided to aot like the kindly suburban gardeners who, loth to crush the snails whioh they remove from their own cabbages, qnietly drop them over their neighbours' pnlings. j Roger was offered hi* liberty on the same { terms acoorded to many an ancient wrong doer, on the oondition that he " presently transported himself forth of onr dominions." Sir Henry disoovered that a reoraiting-sergeant was busy at Byford, and Roger, who waBa stout, well-grown young fellow enough, was readily enrolled amongst the new recruits, We kept his SBoret; only, like the Justice in the " Critic," piously hoping that the churoh robb ■: might in future defend his country's lavs With half the rigour tint he broke them all. I was glad to learn in later years that Buoh aotually proved the caBe. Work and discipline, and removal from evil associates worked wonders (or Roger, as these faotors have done for many another apparent ne'er-do-well who has "joined the colours." As UnolePhilip wrote to me a month ago no one oould have reoognised the idle, poaching loafer of days gone by in the smart young soldier who was paying his mother a visit during his furlough, on the return of his regiment from abroad, where he had served with muoh credit during one of our "little wars," "Lady Sybil a ghost saved more than the altar plate," laughed good-natured Sir Henry; and im moral as our ienienoy may have been, I am glad that Roger, more weak than wicked, was saved the stigma of the gaol, if only for bis old mother's sake. We gained our window without applying to the general public. Sir Henry was liberal enough to make up the defioienoy in our local fund, remarking to Unole Philip that he thought the "lady who saved the altar plate" deserved some recom pense, and that he knew I, as well as Unole Philip and the Major, desired to see the oburoh beautified. Sir Henry is a kindly pleasant man ; I ought to know seeing I have been his nieoe for some years now. Arthur, my husband and Sir Henry's presumptive heir, tells me that it was his uncle's praises of "the girl who kept her head in oircuinstances where many people would have soreamed and fainted," which first made him desirous of staying at Fell-Thorpe Hall, and making the acquaintance of the female paragon. " Lady Sybil" is still my niokname from Sir Henry. Hot very long ago I happened to take up a work on the looal traditions and superstitions ourrent in that part of England, in whioh Fell Thorpe is located. Oar ghost was desoribed in its pages; and I read with muoh interesl, that " as late as the J ubilee year" this speotre was beheld by a " credible witness," and by its timely apparition prevented an attempted burglary in the oburch. It is alwsys unkind to spoil a good etory, so " Lady Sybil" has allowed this interesting narrative, founded presumably on the authority of Roger or Mr. Brown, either of whom may have let out some scraps of the occurence, concealing of courai their own share thereiu, to pass uncontra dicted, and our local ghost may still be oredited with the beneficent guardianship of our sacred valuables. The End. 