THE NOVELIST. [CorrnranT.] TALMUD; SA Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, DBY IVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XXII.-(coNTINUED.) "Now that I was getting familiar with their faces I did not have the same repellant or repugnant feelings towards them. When I sat down they began to converse in a language which was even more strange and unfamiliar to me than themselves. "It sounded more like the chatter ing of Hindoos from the Himalayan slopes than anything else I can compare to it. It was not, of course, possible that I should understand the words, Sbut the gestures which accompanied them told me I was the subject of the conversation. "The bearded man motioned me to lie' down, and then his comtpanion pro duced what I rightly took to be food. Placing a small portion of it in his mouth lie handed me the remainder. It looked like ground seeds and was contained in a shallow vase of what I thotight was glass, but which I' after wards found was a beautifitl flake-rock crystal. The mixture was perfectly white and ground like flour. , " I was undoubtedly huhgry, and as I ate the food the thouight occurred how I could have existed so long :supposing the period was as I believed since my wound-- without food. The quantity given me was very large, but I eat the' whole ol'it and felt very much better.-- - " From something resembling a bottle of. white glass I took a drink. of'watcir, 'and afterwards the tall mant gave me a small fragrant of herb,' or rather he placed it close to my nose, and as I in haled the scent it had a somntolent ef fect, -As I dropped off .to sleep, my visitors departed. " When I awoke the first man whom I had secui was standing beside me, and he commenced talking iti the same strange language which 1 had previously heard. He several times pointed to wards the spot whence he and his com panion used to enter and depart. I gathered from his actions that he was inviting nce to accompany him, and sitting up on the couch I signified my willingness to do so. "I felt perfectly strong now, and was indeed glad of a little exercise. Lead ing the way like a ghost I saw that at the side my visitors entered and de ,.p?artdkthere swas .a small exit. Itwns. so arranged that it could not be) no ticed until mostly on it. From this a number of huge steps led downwards. There must have been nearly one hun dred, and when the bottom was reached an ilnmmense sace stretched out. "A dull light penetrated the place, though how or where it came from 1 did not at the time know. It seemed to me that we must have gone about four miles through winding passages and vaulted caverns sometimes downy: wards and as frequently ascending, when almost without warning save for a queer noise I heard we came on the shores of a great subterranean sea. I was utterly astounded at the extraordinary sight. The waters sparkled almost as if the sun were shining on thesm, and even to my unaccustomed eyes vision was easy for fully a couple of miles around. "A low beach ran round the watery expanse and the sands glittered as the slight waves rolled in upon them, As I afterwards saw, the beach was entirely. composed of disintegrated granite and the bed of the buried sea was of the same material. The cup of my as tonishment was, however, filled when I 'noticed that on the sea were numerous fantastically shaped canoes-or rather boats-like Malay proas, or the canoes used by many of the South Sea islan ders. Some of these had one and others two or three occupants, who were clad in a light-fitting brownish costume.". . "When we first saw you," exclaimed Stanley, recovering from his surprise, "you were dressed in the samlle manner, I think I" " 'es," continucd O'Malley, "the garrlllellts yout saw on isme were similar to those I noticed worn by the boatman on the strange sea, for afterwards I spent most of smy ti.me--as befitted one brotsghlt up to thie sea-son the subter rancn ot:ctan, as I called it. "I looltkedl in vain for thle opposite silorcs of tlhe water, but as far as I ottild see it stretched further still. WValking dtown on tlhe sands, my gutide led the way to the nearest canoe-or r)tlhcr hie accomltancied mie towards it fosr I was eager to know whlat its occu pants were doing on tlhat buried sea, As we reachel d thie water I instinctively filled the palm, of mty hanld with tihe luid and ltsl tcd it. Guess my surprise to find that it was perfectly fresh." "I can quite tnderstand that. If it were not for some vast underground bodies of freshl water existing on tlhe contincnt hIow could we get our artesian supplies," Mills remarked. "But ill these artesiant wells the swaters rise withlout being pumped. I-low do you account for thlat?" inno cently asked Stanley. "Ilecause thle reservoir froms which it flows is ott a highler level, of course," conse the allswer, " lBut tow can suchl a place as O'Mal Icy describes be on a hIigher level than the surrounding country?" persisted Stanley. "It is quite possible," Mills repllied. "The 'place described mnay be under neath a high range-or rather midway in the moslnt--or it may be lthat such exists on a slope many lhundreds of miles away from the central depression of the continent If so you can under stand what the fall would b-, and how a bore sunk at the lower level would overflow if it tapped a stream which had its source at the high level further back the slope." "Another proof of these subterranean fresh-water lakes is the fact that in some of the few artesian wells yet sunk small fish have come to the surface of a species never before seen. They have been nearly white in colour and almost blind. When exposed to the action of the sun they have changed colour like a chalmeleon," Strangway added. " I have seen that with my own eyes," the squatter emphatically added. " When I put down the well in the horse paddock at least half-a-dozen such fish came to the surface. They were per fectly blind, so far as we could see, but that would lie accounted for by the pro bability that the narrow channel from which they travelled from the main re servoir would be quite dark. There are a couple of them over there," he continued, pointing to two dried pisca torial specimens on the niantle-piece. "We had them preserved." "That brings me. to a remarkable point in my narrative, aind which I will detail to- morrow," concluded O'Malley. CHAPTER XXIII SUBtltRRANItAN FISHERMEN, "Can'you not continue your wonder ful story this morning ?" Squatter Mills asked O'Malley at breakfast. "W\e are so anxious to hear it that we can scarcely wait until evening," he added, with a liugh . . " Yes, do," Mrs. Mills: pleaded. ." Of course I' will; but our two friends are not here yet," the 'narrator said. ' We will get them. in a few mo ments," Mills replied, as ie went out of the room for Stanley and Strangway. When he returned with them they found O'Malley examining the fish which had come from the artesian well. , "I think," he added, laying them down, " that I have seen similar fish to these in the buried sea I spoke about last night. They are trout-shaped, though more elongated, but the ones I saw were not blind. " When, as I told you, I saw the people in the canoes' I was doubly as tonished. First the surprise of seeing over a hundred human beings pale as my guide on the water in boats was al most overwhelming, and would pro bably have been quite so had it not been for previously seeing the two pale beings in my sick chamber, as I may call it. " The next surprise I got was to find these men were-like Peter and James of holy memory-fishermen. As I eagerly watched the boat nearest me I saw that whilst some of them had nets others used small reeds like spears, and the place seemed to team with fish. Some were of a reddish-brown. colour, but the greater part were white. I signified umy_.desire to see spme of them at closer quarters to my. guide, and he, making a signal to one of the boats, it came to the glittering strand. The occupants were two men not un like my guide, inasmuch as they were clean shaved; but, as I have already said, their dress was somewhat different. They looked keenly at me with their dark pink eyes, but certainly did not evince half as much curiosity at my ap pearance as Idid at theirs. They were almost as phlegmatic and fateful as an Hindoo or an American Indian. " Stepping into the boat, which would have comfortably held half-a-dozen adults, the two men paddled out to the spot they had just left and again re sumed their occupation. 'As I looked over the side of the small craft I could see dimly a fish occasionally swim by, but those in the boat with keener sight invariably speared them in th'e most dexterous fashion. Quite a num ber of fish' lay in the bottom of the canoe, None of them were large, though some shaped' like a salnon trout could not have been less than 18 inches in length. "As I became accustomed to the sight I looked upward almost expect ing that I would see the sun's rays streaming down, but that did not meet my vision. I could, however, not fail to notice that in a hundred directions there was what might be called reflected light, which to some extent illumined the seascape. " I knew sufficient of the rudiments of optics to understand that in the first instance that light must have come from the sun, but how it was conveyed and distributed was long a mystery to me. Furthermore, I began to realise that the mysterious place I was in was almost as well ventilated as though it were on thle urface of the eartl. This was another riddle to nic. Then how did these fish obtain Iheir food? I picked up onle from the bottoi of the boat and carefully examined it. I found that it was in excellent condition, and later on when I partook of some it proved most delicate and palatable. " Not understanding the language of the subterranean residents I was, of course, at a great disadvantage, as I could not make inquiries, but later on it was all made plain. " l'resently I heard a babble of sound about me, and I saw oni turning nmy head thaint the fishers were all making for thle beach or shore. Our boat was also pulled in and the two men pro ceeded to pack tIhe fish into a kind of white rush basket. Thle scene on the beach at this time was one of great animation, as all thie occlupants of the canoes were gathering up their spoil and preparing to depart. I asked my guide in English what it all meant and where they were going, but lie only stared blankly at ime and said somie thing in his own tongue which was as uninmttelligible to ile as mny qlieslioins were to him. " As soon as the crowd had departed \--which they didl in a direction opposite to that in which we came-miy miysteri ous guide went after them and I fol lowed. Walking round the beach for Imore than a mile a broad passage-or rather hich road, if it milht be so called -was reached, and we turned into it until we came to another space. It seemed to be as large as the sea, which we had just left, in area, but, unlike the latter, there was no water in it. On the contrary I at once guessed that it was the site of a town or village, though no houses or public buildings in the sense we mean were to be seen.- 11un dreds of screens of various sober colours were dotted over the space, and in the centre was a large clearing. To this the crowd of fishermen made their way, and with my guide I followed. " In a few moments after our arrival the tall, dignified man with the lengthy beard whaom I first saw in the sick clhatm ber made hisi appearance, and I noticed that lie was treated by all with respect ful reverence.. From out the screens a large number of people gathered, and amongst them were women and chil dren. The latter were quite nude but the females were almost as closely robed and veiled as the female followers of Malhomet. This was another sur prise to me, for it was becominlg evi dent that I had fallen in with a r:ce whiter than the Caucasian yet with Oriental customs. "Placing the day's haul of fish in the square, the bearded mIn stood in lthe cintrd silent, whilst iti an incredibly short time the whole of the fish was dis tributed amongst the assembled crowd, and apparently on some recognised system. "There was little noise or confusion, and in less than half-an-hour the fish was distributed and the crowd dis persed. Th'en the chicf-for such even then I supposed him to be-caime to my guide, and, after a short conversation, the latter led me towards one of the screens I have mentioned, about two hundred yards away. On lifting it I found that it contained a bed or couch not unlike the one which I had rested on in the sick chamber, and also a curious and beautiful granite table. This consisted of an oval slab atid it was resting on legs ending in tiger's feet. I could not quite understand where these people could have got the original model from to sculpture these feet from, and as my guide silently left mel sat down on the couch and began to theorise again. ' " In my young days I had read the adventures of Sinbad the Sailor and other romances pertaining to the then half-unknown Orient, and actually be gan to imagine that by some means I had been transported out of Central Australia and dropped in the land of Mahatmas and Genii. "Strange people, it was currently re ported, lived in the caves of Thibet and in the mountainous gorges of the Southern Himalays, and perhaps a modern Roc or *a Ulavatsky spirit had seized me from the clutches of the Aus tralian blacks and taken me off." "Were you not frightened of in jury ?" asked Mrs. Mills at this junc ture. "I cannot honestly say I was. -I don't know why I should not have been, btlt Ildaresay'lftas on-nccountofthlr general manner and bearing of the queer people wihom I was amongst." "I suppose you were the centre of attraction and curiosity by the women and children in the Billingsgate rnar ket ?" Mills said, with a laugh. ,"No; they scarcely took notice of me, and then that was another sign to my mind of the eastern origin of the people If they stared at me they must have done so surreptitiously, for I did not noticetliem, and their manner.was full of decorum. *. "Of course I am narrating my story just as events happened to me.- I could easily anticip:ite by the light of my sub sequent knowledge, if 1 choose to do so, but it would only spoil the history. "As I was thus musing the screen was lifted aid my guide entered with some beautifully cooked fish. It had been stuffed with some of the floury materials I had previously eaten. This was mixed with fragrant herbs and the whole then baked. "I could not understand how this was done, for throughout my rambles I had not noticed the least sign of fire or smoke. I tasted the fish, wlhi.lh I found to be delicious, and as there was a large stone basin of fresl water in the place I made an excellent meal. In addition to the fish there were some flat, biscuit-shaped pieces of ground vegetable matter which tasted not un like potato cake. " When I had eaten the meal I agatn felt the drowsy languor stealing over me, and a few minutes later I was lying on the bed asleep. The fragrant smelling herb I have already spoken of must have been a powerful soporific, for my slumbers lasted until next day. " I was already able to distinguish night from day, for the latter thoughl not dark was muclh more twilight-like than when the sun was shining. It was not long, in fact, before I could tell when a cloud passed over the sun, but at first I had to learn all these fine points. " My guide, as I will call him, ap peared shortly after I awoke (I daresay lie had been watching nse), and after a breakfast which would have cheered the heart ofa vegetarian he led tle way out and I followed. Passing through the centre of the town--for such it really was--he went on to the soullhern boundary of the sea. Turning down a steeply descending passage for about two hundred yards we suddenly emerged into one of lthe imost magnifi cent baths I have ever seen or read of. "An outlet from the buried sea or lake existed a hundred and lifty yards back and a broad cascade of foauning water came tumnbling down into a great circular basin apparently formed of thle purest while imarble. I thought at tlhe time that the basin was a Inatural for imation, but I afterwards found it was not so-at least to some extent it was, but the marble had been obtained mtiles away and skilfully built into thle na tural depression. From the great basin radiated a number of slnaller ones of all shapes and sizes, and thle whole pre sented a most beautiful appearance, (re- B CoejNIurr tD,)I 2' Sj 