OUE FUTUEE. Just at the present time difficulties are j thickening about the path of the I Methodist Church in this colony, and I the future is anticipated in many I quarters with anxious and ever gloomy | forebodings. The difficulties we refer I to are mainly financial, and are the I result of the crisis through which the I colony is at present passing. But there I are other occasions of anxiety also. I Methodism is far from being the I spiritual force in the land that her history and agencies entitle her to be. Consolidated into a large denomination, there is too much of a tendency to rest upon prestige and organisation ; rnd in not a few quarters there is a disposition to regard the form and letter handed down by our forefathers as being as sacred as the pattern shown on the Mount, and to resent any modern adaptations as little short of heresy and Wasphemy. Taken together— the general pressure of financial burdens, the lack of the spirit of progress in many quarters, and the discouragingly low tone of spiritual life in the church as a whole — the prospect is such as to produce in many minds the feeling of despondency referred to above. Nor would we seek to minimise the seriousness of the difficulties we are confronted with. There is no wisdom at any time in underrating the strength of an enemy. 'Wellington won his unrivalled victories by estimating at full value the forces opposed to him, and making his own military dispositions accordingly. That should be our policy as a church. The uses of adver sity are sweet, and if we are wise we shall learn lessons at the present time that will be of lasting value. A re arrangement of forces and of methods seems to be called for, and that of such a character as will give solidity and strength where at present there is weakness and danger. And if, more over, the present crisis should drive us as a church to our knees, if searchings of heart should result in renewed personal consecration, and if the partial failure of human organisation should make more vivid to our minds the old Divine decree, 'In returning and rest ye shall be saved, in quietness and confidence shall be your strength ' — it will not be without benefit that affliction has come upon us. But thereare con siderations to which we should not be blind, and that should go far to temper the pessimistic tendencies now current in some quarters. ? Methodism as an organised form of Christianity has a history that is as full of promise for the future as it is provocative of grati tude for the past. It has proved itself to be adapted to the new and stirring life of this young country, and has won its present position in New South 'Wales in the face of difficulties and rivalries quite as severe as those we are now con fronted with. The census returns for the last four decennial periods show an ever-ascending ratio to the population of the people called Methodists, and this while the larger and wealthier churches have scarcely succeeded in holding their own in relation to the growth of the population. All our church agencies have grown in the same proportion ; and many of our difficulties to-day are the result of our own enterprise, and (to some extent) of our success. A. true estimate of the past should serve to make the future clearer than it eeems. Methodism is not a spent force. It accords largely with the genius of colonial life, and with the aspirations and needB of a democratic age. It is capable of repeating and even excelling the successes achieved in the years | gone by ; and as an agency for uplift I ing and blessing mankind, it iB, under I God, as potent aB ever. But it does I not follow from this that the Methodism I of the future is to be a stereotyped | copy of that of the past. In its essen f tial principles and its cardinal doctrines, ! Methodism will we, trust ever remain I true to the constitution and creed of I its great Founder ; but in its methods | of operation there must be flexibility I and adaptation, unless the blight of I formalism is to fall upon it. In this I respect we fear many people are I enemies of progress. In modes of I operation and in the order of church I services it is insisted upon that as it was I m the beginning it is now and shall I continue to be. The result of this I wind conservatism is in many places I the alienation of the young. people and |] tne reduotion of church work to a lire I Jeas routine. The future of Methodism i depends primarily upon her fidelity to i «od as an evangelising agency, and ffl uP°n the measure of her endowment Ipith the Holy Ghost. But her success H ^'11 also be affected by the courage and wisdom with which her operations are conducted. The opposites of these qualities will mean delay and defeat. Methods that are obsolete must give place to others that are effective. Men who will not move with the times must be shaken off and left in the rear. The prejudices and sensibilities of those who are out of sympathy with the living and moving present, and who live in a past that cannot be resurrected, must not be allowed to check the progress of a church which is called to minister to each new generation as it uprises. In this respect 'circuits' must be as ' missions,' and ' missions ' as ' cir cuits.' The liberty that is allowed to one must be allowed to the other. Christian intelligence must decide what is best to b6 done in each sphere of operation, and Christian zeal conspire to do it. Adaptation to the tastes and needs of all and a toleration that recog nises diversity as a method of the Divine operation, must go hand in hand with a consecration that seeks hy all means to save mankind ; and with these com bined we are confident that a bright future awaits our beloved Methodism here and everywhere. 