THE WAR AGAINST RELIGION. What it has Lead to. (By " Flaneur," in the Sydney Freeman.)' The world does move. And this time it is moving in the right direction. Gra dually the world's people are waking up to a true sense of the fact that there is something in religion after all. It is not an astounding discovery to make, how ever, for even atheist Voltaire once said, " Though there be no God, still it is ne cessary for the people that they should have a religion." Some years ago sundry seers arose and boasted, "Lo, we are the wise men of the world, and when we die . wisdom dies with us." Then they made war against religion and did all in their power to drive the very name of God out of the minds of the people. That was a sad mistake to make. Even the "ad vanced thinkers" and the 'higher criti cism" cranks of Ancient Greece and Rome lived to bitterly repent having sneered at the childish creeds of their own times. It was the Catholic religion against which the modern men of might made war, of course, for that was the only religion whose anathemas they had reason to fear. And, by the way, a certain bishop of the English fold in this colony holds that there are really only two churches in existence—those of Rome and England. All other religious bodies are sects, the difference being; that "a church is founded by God, a sect by man." This is a very pretty distinction, and I hope the shepherds of the " sects" will put it in their pipes and ascertain how it smokes. In Italy, sundry smart men arose and declared that the only way to secure peace arid prosperity for the people was to drive the Pope out of Rome and put a temporal monarch in his place. They did so, and now the descendant of that monarch is packing up his carpet-bag and preparing to drive himself from rome at the first favorable opportunity that is offered. Instead of peace, war is threatening Italy outside her gates, while on the inside her own sons are rising in revolt against the terrible oppression which their anti-Papal rulers have thrust upon them. Montane in one of his fables says— The pattern of a modern city seems to be Where any citizen can rob the Treasury. Italy has not got to that stage yet. Only the rulers can rob the Treasury at present, and by the time they are through with their rosy little game there will be deuced little for anyone else to rob. In Germany, Blood-and-Iron Bismarck stood out and like a second Holofernes said—"Bow down thy knee. There is no God here but me !" -Bishops, .priests, nuns, and all had to flee before his stern decree, and for a time it seemed, in Ger many at least, as if the gates of hell were really coming to the front after all. Sud denly a young man who was in a very great hurry to get his name up came, along, and immediately the once mighty Bismarck dwindled into utter insignificance, like the man who goes shopping in a millinery store with his wife just after pay-day. To-day Catholic prelates are actually im plored to return to the Fatherland and asked to pray to their God to intermit the plague the people fear will light on Bis marck's folly. As for France—well, when the French set out to work a revolution in their own affairs no one is ever left long in doubt as to the exact- nature of their intentions. In this respect they remind me of a darky named Hannibal Jobson, upon whom a Bible-reader made up his mind to call one morning. When he arrived at the house of Jobson he found the interior of it in a state of wreckage that suggested it had been visited' by about four cyclones, one tidal wave, and a very active earthquake. All the furniture had been battered into chips, broken crockery was strewn round on every side, and on top of what had once been a big Dutch clock sat Mrs. Job son weeping. The Bible-banger stood gazing on the ruins for a few seconds and then observed, "Really, Mrs. Jobson, I was not aware that your husband gave way to intoxication and caused such-er- such unpleasantness as this." And Mrs. Jobson, having dried her eyes with her apron, exclaimed in an apologizing way, " Wal, sah, it ain't an ebery-day occur rence. Hannibal don't often go on a howlin' tear, but when he do, by golly, sah, he do!"' France soon caught the anti-religious fit, of course, and the style in which she sailed in against the Church was an object lesson for Beelzebub himself. Statues of the Madonna were thrown down and those of Venus set up in their places. The ceremonies of the Mass were bur lesqued, and, if the cable doesn't lie more than usual, special services in honor, of the devil were celebrated. This was a grgat advance in the way of impiety on the Hebrew backsliders who pranced round Aaron's golden calf, but still I don't believe that even the vulgar debbil-debbil of our own-blacks would have considered itself honored by such an abyssmally-de based performance. By-and-bye the bomb-pelting Anarch- ists, seeing how highly their very good friend the devil was honored in Paris, con ceived the happy thought of giving the Parisians a taste of hell, and then the wise men suddenly discovered that religion was all right and they were all wrong, and the sooner they climbed down from their pedestal the better it would"be for them selves and the country too. The very latest phase of this business is the strong sup-' port which the French Government is now awarding to religious education' in the State schools. All this is very discourag ing for our wise man who raised the "Kiama Ghost" and-threatened to gaol the priest who interfered with the work ing of his precious " Heducation Hact." He sings very small on the latter subject now, and the day may come when he will turn round and declare that he was always against strictly secular education, but, being an easily-led, obliging, artless old man; he allowed it to be forced upon him. Religion can never be effaced, and Time, the great arbitrator, will continue to settle all disputes in its favor. 