Wiiberforce ami the Ghost. The following remarkable incident in the life of the late Samuel Wilberforce, Bishop of Oxford and afterwards of Winchester, is related as absolutely authentic, asd the good Bishop himself is said to have many times rehearsed the story to his trisnds. EiEli'ip Wtlberforoe was most prominent among his contemporaries of the English clergy, and was once a leader of tla High Church party. He, however, frequently found time to devote to the social side of life, and was sometimes styled the "Biahopof Society." On a oertain occasion the worthy Bishop had accepted an invitation to stay at a country house not far from London. Entering the drawing-room previous to dinner, on the evening of his arrival, he noticed a priest— evidently of the Roman communion—sitting by the open fire and taking no part in the general conversation. The Bishop was >somewhat surprised at not beinft- presented to the priest, and his astonishment was great when a few moments later, dinner being announced, the guests retired, leaving the priest at his place by the lire. The hostess having assigned Bishop Wilberforce the seat of honour at her right hand, as soon as an opportunity offered he remarked:— "I beg your pardon, Madame, but may I enquire who was the priest we left sitting apart in the drawing-room ?" " Ah, you have seen him, then," replied the lady. " It is not every one who has that privilege. I cannot tell you who he is or from whence he oomes. For many years this spectre has haunted the house and grounds—it has, in fact, been a tradition in tbe family. He seems to do no barm, aud although be appears only occasionally we have become quite accustomed to our friendly ghoBt." " How very singular," remarked His Lordship. ''But have you never addressed your priestly spectre':" "Indeed, I have had no opportunity, nor the desire, for that matter," responded the hostess, growing pale. " May I take the liberty now enquired the dignitary. " With all my heart, your Lordship," replied the lady. The Bishop arose, and returning to tbe drawing-room, found the prie&t; where he had left him a few minutes before. Having no fear, the Bishop said kindly— " Who are you, my friend, and why are you here?" The spectre seemed to sigh deeply and say, as though to itself, " At last!" Then, in a hollow voice, addressing the Bishop, it continued :—" I am the spirit of a priest who left this world some eighty years ago, and I am here to impart to any one who will receive it a secret whioh died with me. I could not rest in my grave while a great wrong was being done which it was iu my power to right. I have been returning all these years in the hope some one would address me. for it was cot given to me to be the first* to spe&k.; All men have shunned me until now, and it is your mission to do ray bidding. I was a priest of the Church of Rome, and was called to this house eighty years ago to receive tbe confession of a dying man. He was the sole possessor of a secret, the knowledge of which would alter materially the entail of this vast estate, and in his death this man wished to repair the terrible wrong he bad brought upon his kin. *' At hia request I wrote down the confession word for word as he gave it to me, and when ho finished had barely time to administer tbu final sacrament of the Church before he expired in my arms. It was very important that I should return to London that night, and iu passing through the library to leave the house I concluded it would be safer not to carry the paper on which was written the confession away with me, but to place it in some secure, unseen spot, where f could obtain it the following day and deliver the document to the person for whom it was intended. Mounting the steps to the bookshelves I took ont a copy of Young's 'Night Thoughts/ whioh was tbe first book upon the uppermost shelf, nearest the last window, and inserting the paper carefully between its leaves I replaced the book and departed. A horse wae awaiting me at the door, but ere we reached the entruioe of the grounds he took fright; I was thrown and instantly killed. Thus died the secret of the confession with me. No one has disturbed that book in all these years, and no one bas had the courage to address this messenger from the unknown. Tbe paper will be found ae I have stated, and now remains for you to correct tbe injustioe whioh has so long been upon this noble family. My mission is over, and I can rest in peace." At the close of this remarkable speech the spectre faded gradually from sight, and the Bishop was left gazing into space. Recovering from his astonishment Bishop Wilberforce went at once to tbe library, and found the book exactly as indicated by the spectre. In its seoluded corner upon the top shelf, thick with the dust of ages, evidently the book bad the document ]ust as <^iscri£)e<f^tiut now *iade3 and yellow. The secret of the confession never became known to tbe world. The good Bishop regarded it as a confidence from the spiritual world, and always ended the story with the assurance that the priestly spectre was never again seen. It is a fast, however, that about the time of this extraordinary ociurrence the magnificent estate in question passed into possession of a remote member of tbe family, who until then had lived in obscurity.—N.Z. Times. • 