rHE SEE OF BATH AND WELLS. ENTHRONEMENT OF BISHOP KEN JS ION. fFrom a Special Corresi-ondent. 1 London. November 2. It will, I am sure, interest many South Aus tralians to hear from an eye- witness ot the en thronement of their l»te Bishop to the See of Bath and Wells. Wells Cathedral, though -aeof the smallest, ii one of the moat beauti ul Caobet?raU in England. Fergusson saya ;hat ' externally its three well-proportioned lowers group «o gracefully with ihe Ohaptcr louse, the remains of the vicar's close, and she ruins of the Bishop's palace, and the tall trees with which it is surrounded, that there ;a no inatanoeso oharaoterietic of English art, nor an effeot ao pleasing, produced with the lame dimensions.' I oannot here go into minute details, as there are so many things worthy of note, the most prominent of these being the Chapter-house, the old Glastonbury dock, the Jesse window, and the inverted irebee, whioh are built to support the centre tower, and which appropriately form a St. Andrew's Crow in the nave, the Cathedral aaving been dedicated to St. Andrew by Bishop Joceline of Wells in Ootober, 1239. Prom the eastern aisle of the north transept the Ohapter-house is approached by a fine old stone staircase, which is lighted from the rest by two decorated windows. At the top )f the Blairs there are two arches, one leading to the Chapter-house, and the other to the :hain bridge, a covered way to the vicar's jloae. The palace, which stands in beautiful {rounds joining the Cathedral, is enclosed with a crenellated wail and a moat, and can )nlv be reached by the drawbridge. Tuesday, October 30, was a day of great sxcitement in the little oity of Wella, when the enthronement of the new Bishop took place. feople caaae from far and wide to be present n the careinony, which I need hardly nay was i very solemn and imposing one. At 2 p.m., in pretence of an immense orowd, including hundreds of notabilities, the procession of the Cathedral body formed in the centre of the nave in the following order :— Prebendaries, irohdeaoona, canons residentiary, and the Dean (Dr. J ex-Blake), and waited at the west ioor to receive the Buhop, the procession from the palaoe including the parochial clergy, rural jeans, Chancellor of the Diocese, the BiBhop's ipparitor, and the Bishop's chaplain, carrying -be pastoral staff, the Biahop himuelf being kcoompanied by the Archbishop's representa tive, the Ven. Archdeacon of Canterbury [the Right Rev. G. R. Eden, D.D., Biahop of Dover). On reaching Penniler'a Porch thia prooeeaion waa met by the Mayor Mid Corporation of Wells, the Mayor and Aldermen of Bath, the Mayors of the chief bowna in the Diocese, the priest-vicars, the vicars-choral, and the ohoristera. As they approached the Cathedral the ohoir sang the ' Te Deum laudamus' down to the words 'The Comforter.' Aa they entered the Cathedral by the great west door the singing 3saeed, and a voluntary was played on the irgan. The Mayors, Corporations, and clergy proceeded tip the nave, and took their seats in the choir, the Archdeacon of Canterbury »nd the Chanoellor remaining behind with the priest-vicars, vicars-choral, and the choristers, who fell into their places next the pre bendaries. The Bishop was received by the Dean and Chapter, and oonducted by the Dean to the faldstool, where he knelt For a short time in silent prayer, after which the choir resumed their sing ing at the words 'Thou art the King,' moving slowly in the direction of the choir. When Che Bishop and Dean reaohed Bishop But with 'a Chantry Ibe procession again halted, and the oath waa administered by the Dean in the Following manner: — The Bishop and Dean being seated the Bishop addressed the Dean thus— 'I pray that I may ba duly inducted, installed, and enthroned into my Bishopric, »nd I offer myself ai ready and willing to take iny oath lawful and honest, and by law aud 3U8tom in that behalf uted.' To whioh the Dean replied — ' We are willing than you be bo induoted, installed, and enthroned, first re quiring of you the oath lawful and customary to be taken on such occasion.' The Dean, bolding the New Testament in his right hand, tdministered the following oath : — 'You, the Right Rev. Father in God, George Wyndham Kennion, D.D., elected and con tinned Bishop of Bath and Welle, and duly conse crated, shall Promina, at you shall answer the lame to Almighty God, that you will in all things observe the rights, customs, and liberties of the Cathedral Church of Wells as a good pastor and nponse of the aame aooording to your sacerdotal aud episcopal promise.' The Bishop then kissed the Testa ment, and said, ' As I shall answer the same to Almighty God I do promise.' The singing of the 'Te Deum' w»3 then resumed, while the prooeseion moved on into the choir, the Biahop being conductc-d to the altar by the Archdeacon of Canterbury and the Dean. When the 'Te Deum' was finished the Biahop turned to the congregation »nd said, 'Brethren, pray for us.' After we had knelt a short time in silent prayer the Biahop waa oonduoted by tho Dean and the Archdeacon to the steps of tb« throne, where be was enthroned by the Archdeacon, as follows: — 'I George Rodney Eden, Doctor of Divinity, Archdeacon of Canterbury, do induot, install, and enthrone you, the Right Reverend Father in God, George Wyndham Kennion, Doctor of Divinity, in tbe stall, chair, and throne of the Bishoprio at Bath and Wells in this Cathedral Church of Wells, with all itsrights, dignities, honour, privileges, and appurtenances what soever, in the aame of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' When the Arch deacon of Canterbury had been conduoted to the altar and the Dean to his stall evensong began. The Pealma chosen were iSoe. zx, and Ixxxiv., and the lessons were Isaiah xxv. ind St. John xxi., verses 15 to 22. The incbem, which was very beautifully ren dered, was Mendelssohn's ' How lovely are the meaaengen.' At tbe conclusion of even long the Bishop gave the blescing. The Biahop and the Dean and Chapter, pre seded by the members of tbe choir chanting P««lm orxi. then went into the Chapter-house, the prebendarim taking their stalls, and the Dean conducting the Bishop to his stall saying, ' We wsign and appoint unto you, the Right Rev. George Wyndham Kennion, Lord Bishop of Bath and Welle, this stall in our Chapter-hnuee, and do confirm you in all rights and privileges in our Chapter which by law and oustoin appertain to your office.' Then a abort Latin service was said by the Dean, Canons and Prebendaries still remain ing in their stalls. This being ended the Dean requested the Chapter Clerk to make a notarial aot of all the proceedings. The :horittera, followed by the vicars-choral and tbe priest- vicars, then descended the steps to the north tranaept singing tun hymn, '' The Church'* one foundation, 'and the proceedings :o:icluded with the procession falling in in the itme order aa they entered the Cathedral at the commencement of the servioe acd escorted khe Bishop to the Palace, whera the Mayor Mid Aldermen of Wells nud the Mayor and sivio authorities of Bath and ottier cities srere introduced to him by the Dean, »nd presented an address of welcome to him. [n the course of hia reply the Bishop said : — ' I should indeed be thaukful if while follow ing humbly in tbe footsteps of the good and jroat; men I am able to maintain the happy relationship whiuh existed between them and rou. I warmly appreciate the reference you have made to my fijourn in one of England's rreat coloniea. There the municipal otiicers »re highly valued, and a warm interest taken d them by the inhabitants of all incorporated ioivns. I hope that the huppy relationship whiob existed between the Mayors and Cor porations in the towcB in South Australia will be augury of the condition of things which nay exist here.' Later on various presenta iiona were made to Dr. Kennion, and an ad Ireas from the Wesleyan Methodists breath ne a spirit of friendship and goodwill. Tha Biahop and Mrs. Kennion havo already won the hearta of many of the reaidentd of Wells, who are all disposed to help them in ;heir new work, and I am quite sure that all ivho had the pleasure of knowing them in Jouth Australia will join in wishing them xiuoh happiness in their new home. Esteetaia'MENT at Glenelg.— The annual juvenile entertainments which are given at j-lenelg by the pupils of tho Sisters of St. foaeph are always looked forward to with much nterest. Since the initiation of the school uy these Roman Catholic ladits it has cade rreat progress, a fact which.was amply demon itrated in the Glenelg Town Hal! on Weanee Jay evening, when the u&ual; Christmas lemonstration took place. In addition to sarrying out a programme of music, there iras a fine display of the pupils' work n the ball. SpRoimens of painting, penmanship, and needlework provoked nuoh favourable comment,. Those present iberally applauded the efforts of the younc jerfonnerti. The operetta ' Fairy Land' was lueeeasfnlly presented with tbe following cast: -King of the Fairies, Master S. McNamara; jueen of the Fairiva, Mian Pinoingtou; Fkiry Jricket, Miss Griffin ; Fairy Fun, Mis§ A. Pincington ; Fairy Content, Mies O'Massey ; fairy True Heart, Mias B. Pmnington ; Fairy Goodwill, Miss \I. Hilton. Others taking Jarb in the programme were : — Misne* Clarke, 3nffin, Jelley, Rngleu, Gabb, O'Ryan, and IVhitington, and Masters Byrne and Scott. 