AMUSEMENTS. The Theatre Royal was again well filled on Thursday evening, when Pollard's Lilipucian ! Company achieved their customary' success in their presentatation of "The Forty Thieves." The pantomime was once more admired by an enthusiastic audience, who were generous with their plaudits. The performance will be repeated this evening, and on Satur day there will be a matinee performance. A large number of seats have been seoured, and as this is the only chance the young people will have of witnessing this production in the day time there is sure to be a crowded house. The management have wisely decided to admit children at reduced prices—dress circle, 2s.; stalls, Is. ; and gallery, 6d. "Snared" was again presented at Hudson's Bijou Theatre to an appreciative audience on Thursday evening. On Saturday there will! be a Vaudeville programme, which will include "Ioi on parloid Franciis" and Lover's " Happy Man." The popularity of the Continentals is steadily increasing, and for to-morrow night a musical specialty is to be given by a Melbourne Boprano, Mis3 Amelia Banks, who is to sing the beautiful "Ave Maria," adapted to the celebrated intermezzo from " Cavalleria Ru* ticana," by Pietro Muscagni. lVLis3 Banks will have an instrumental accompaniment. Mr. Fred Smith, the tenor, and Mr. Phil Lang dale, the bassoon artiste, are each to appear for the last time. The representation of the Battle of Waterloo at the Cyclorama is still drawing large audiences. The management have determined not to let the interest flag, ana besides the clever illusion of Napoleon's ghost, there is, if it can be managed, to be another attraction on Saturday. A number of men are at work day and night in the endeavor to produce it to morrow. The fates are against the Holdfast Bay Band, who have not yet ■ been favored with really suitable weather for their open-air concerts. Thursday evening was no exoeption to this rule, and the band found it necessary to fix their stauds on the balcony of Jahu's restau rant. Despite the wind the musical selections were not rendered without due appreciation by a large number of people who had congre gated on the square below. Particular inte rest was attached to the performance owing to the inclusion of a new march, composed by Professor W. R. Knox, entitled "The col legians," and arranged for a band by the baud master, Mr. J. Craig. The writing is a tuneful and well-marked composition, of bold character, and posseses an original finale. Ids rendering by the band on Thursday evening was mostpleasing. The other items given were: —"The mountaineer," "The valley of ferns," "Trafalgar," "Gems of Scotia," "Jollity," "Albion," "Gefulleve Blueten, "Shooting star," and "God save the Queen." 