SISTEilS OF MERCY CONCERT. The concerts given by the pupils attending the Kiscers of Mercy School, An^as- street, are invariably a success, bosh financially _aud as enterliaiu'.neBts, &nd; that held in St. .Francis Xavier's Hail oa Thursday. June 19, in celebra tion of the reopening of tliat building was no exception to the riite. Despite tho weather there was a very large asiandance, including several of the priests, the principal oi the Christian Brochere' College (cue Kev. Bro. Uarrco), Bros. Quigiey and Maakeirns. Tiie prograaime opened wish a niauotorte selection by Misses Tolesaan, Assies, and Smith, who aeouitted themsfeives creditably, and were foilcwed by the 'Musical Siaging Band,'' who delighted 'ihs audience with an exhibition cf fiag tir;ii, aad a pretty chorus, the voices blending excellently. A drama ia three acts entitled 'The Tudor Sisters' was then staeed, the characters being sustained thus: — Queen M&ry;, Mi^s Greenn ; Elizabeth, Miss Astles ; Mrs. Ashley, Miss Percy ; Lady Burleish, Itliss Wells ; Countess of Lennox, Miss O'Leary ; Lady Feria, SlissK. Maroney ; Lady Ciinton, iliss Roouey ; Lady Howard, Mi;=s A. Ivlaroaey ; Lady Sackville, Miss Hogan ; Lady Southwell, Sliss White; Lady Guild ford, Ivlis-s Smith; and Lady SanoJk, iiiss £ ield. The young ladies had evidently revived a sound tuition, as th6y spoke, their linea effectively and with good expression. The brunt of the work fell on IvLiss Astles, who was dramatic ia her^interpretation of the character of Queen iUizabeth, and both in the scene with She Couutassof Lennox, wheu she orders tha death of Queen Mary, and in ttie tinal^t when ehe 'gives up the ghost' hersHlr, Miss Assies showed the possession of histrionic ability. - Sliss O'Leary also deserves special mention for her successful portraiture ui ch.e character of the countess. Bebvveea the acts tableaux w^re given aad the ilissea Toleman, Smith, O'Counell, and Duisnaii con tributed seli-ccioi's from 'Maritsna' and the ' Victoria waltz.' A group oi boys in soldier eossuLae, carrying guns with iixed bayonets, went through a drilling exercise, eaud wouad up vvith singing 'Home, dovb, hoLue.'' They were compelled to raapond to an imperative encore. Saveial other numbers wers given moss successfully, aad the whole ectertaia oienc did credit ;.o the Sisters of Mercy. 