CHAPTER XII.-ADSER BLYTHE Sirs FOR HER PORTRAIT. lt was quite a week after this incident of the walk over Main Tor before Geoffrey had induced Adser to sit for him in Iiis extempor- ised studio at thc Laurels He had done everything in his power to regain her friend- ship, though he hardly knew how he had offended her. Once or twice he had made sketches of her at thc entrance of the Cavern when he had also been studying, or professing to study, the general effects of thu scene. Once he had introduced Tregarron into a group of thc ropers and hoping to conciliate the Welshman had shown him the result, hui Tregarron only scowled at it, and remarked that a photograph was good enough for a rope-maker. Geoffrey was delighted when it was settled that Adser should sit for him. He bad begun to feel that a day without a talk with the girl waB a lonely business. By no means unsop- histicated in the art and practice of flirtation, he nevertheless hardly knew how firmly the girl of the Cavern had taken hold of his fancy, and how deep an impression sue was making on his heart. The truth is, he did not think about it. She amused him. lt was a uew pleasure to talk to so fearless yet so timid a girl, and one who was so naturally and un- affectedly beautiful. She seemed to lead him on, and when as he thought he was surely winning ber confidence she would suddenly fly out at him, or sulk, or run away, just as Bbc had done that day on the mountain. But Adser was quite unconscious of leading him on. She had no subtle plan of making bim love her ; but she was impressing bim in a way that kept her continually in his thoughts. He had quite looked forward to her visit to the Laurels. Wh.u she arrived, he plotted all kinds of subjects for conversa- tion. He liked to hear her talk. Even the blemish of her dialect did not affect him un- pleasantly. He found a peculiar music in her voice. Her laugh was genuine and mirthful, and her teeth fairly shone when she was morry. Geoffrey hod never seen a complexion so healthfully pale. It had nothing in common with the enremic poverty of blood that accom- panies the pallor of thc Londoner. Her lips were red, her eyes bright ; and now und then a flush stole into thc fair cheeks, that to Geoffrey seemed perfectly beautiful. Adser was sitting near an open window, partly shielded from the morning sun by an outer blind. She was dressed as Geoffrey had wished, in the brown Berge and old-fashioned sun bonnet in which the artiBt had first seen her. They had chattered about various thingB while Geoffrey was busy getting Iiis easel and his palette ready. He was purposely dawdling and Adser was in a good talking humour. Presently from the weather and the opposition AdBer had encountered at home on Geoffrey's proposal that she should sit to him, he asked her who was the remarkable person they called Scarthiu Blythe. " Oh, he's a queer lot," said Adser, " he's my uncle, where have you seen him ?" " Gae day coming out of thc Cottage, and on another occasion going into the tumble- down old place they call thc Traveller's Best ; the swinging t-ign is still there, but I didu't notice much in thc way of rest for travellers ; even the sign was creaking in a very doleful way." " Yes," said Adser, " it's generally a bit windy there ; its a rum kind of place, Scarthin's smithy." "Oh, do they call it a smithy?" " Some folks do ; he's got a bit of black- smith's shop at the back, where he shoes his own horses ; ob, he a hard lot is Scarthin Blythe ; I don't know that any of my family's much to boast of ; but even Granny Blythe can't stand Scarthin ; though they say ho's as rich as a Jew ; he's gotten his hand on many a poor farmer's homestead, I've heard say ; but I don't know much about him, except that when he speaks to me I feel as if somebody was walking over my grave. Eh, but you should go through Winnats at night; they call it tho gate o the winds, you know ; and there's been no end of murders done there ; thc last man killed 'here, however, was years and years ago ; he was in a Glossop bank ; he was running away with stolen money ; his horse went over a nasty bit right into thc Winnats and bc broke his neck ; old Scarthin married his widow a month or two after, and made a drudgo of her, uud she looks as much like a ghost us a real bogeart, they say, though I've only Been her about twice. I've heard a deal about boggarts, but I never saw one ; I don't believe in 'em ; if there'd been such things 1 Bhould have come across one for certain io the Cavern. Kh, but lam chattering ; I've never talked so much to anybody as I have to you, not even to Zodack Bradford." " I like to hear you talk," said Geoffrey, " besides you have so much to say that is in- teresting lo u stranger. " " I dare say ; I often think Castleton and hereabouts must Beem very queer to visitors, especially if they stay long enough to get to know all about the place." "It is a very romantic village," said Geoffrey, "end the people arc what you call mostly characters ; now there's Staley Brent- wood, what is he?" said Geoffrey, as bo squeezed a fresh tube of colour upon his palette. "He lives retired," Adser replied. " Lives retired Î" repeated Gooffrcy. " He was in the Derby police, and married a widow with money." " And why does Mr. Tregarron dislike him so much ?" " There are folk a man can't help hating, Zodack says it's their nature." " But was there not somothing about his being willing to risk his life for you ?" " Who told you that?" "Mückle thorpe." " He's a regular old woman for gossip, Mucklethorpc, said Adser, her eyes bent upon Geoffrey's palette, which was by this time radiant with colour. " He seems a very amiable old fellow," said Geoffrey. " Oh, he's all right." "But how was it that he was willing to sacrifice himself ?" " Oh, it was just nothing ; the Cavern was flooded and they thought I was in Roger Rain's house and couldn't gel out; and Staley Brentwood volunteered to go after me, and be hadn't got as far as first dip in the Cavern when he was washed out like a drowned rat." Adser laughed heartily at thc memory of Staley's appearance on that memorable occasion. Il was a musical laugh. Geoffrey thought he had never heard u laugh so genuine and so full of eojoyinent of life. " And where was Tregarron ?" " Talking politics with Zodack Bradford." " And you ? Were you in the Cavern ?" "That's telling," said Adser, with a little nod of the head implying mystery. "And is it ever since Staley wanted to save your life that the Member for Wales hated him?" " They always snarled at each other," said Adser, " but didn't Zodack tell you that old Mrs. Brentwood was jealous of Staley because he went and half drowned himself." Adser laughed again as she asked this, to her most ridiculous question, pausing in the middle of her merriment to offer the comment of "Just fancy anybody thinking about Staley Brentwood ; fifty if he's a day and with a nose in everybody's busiucss ; they say he was the most ferreting sergeant of police that was ever known in Derby, always finding something out which there was nothing at the bottom of. He spends most of his time wi' county police in the Peak and spies on folk for them." " Now then, I am quite ready," said Geoffrey, placing a chair upon the platform for Adser ; " will you oblige mc by taking this seat ?" He offered his hand to her ; but she stepped upon the dais and sat down un- assisted os if this was by no means her first experience of portrait painting. "Thank you," said Geoffrey, "have you ever sat to an artist before ?" " Do they call photographers artistB," she asked, with a little hesitation. "The photographers call themselves artists," said Geoffrey. " But you don't," said Adser, still a little embarrassed. " Hardly," Baid Geoffrey. " I once nada photograph taken for Zodack at Buxton ; he liked it ; I thought it was hateful." Geoffrey moved towards her with a view to pose her, but observing a certain stand-offish manner in the way she looked at bim, be merely stood below the platform and directed how she should sit He found her apt in her interpretation of his meaning, and begun to make a rough crayon sketch of her. " We eau talk while I work all the same," he Baid, noticing a somewhat fixed expression spreading over her otherwise mobile features. "Very well," she said, putting on what Geoffrey called her submissive manner, which was one that came at intervals when she was puzzled or very much interested. "I mentioned Tregarron just now," he said, " by the way, I don't think he likes mc much." "Oh, he's a character you know," she Baid, recovering her habitual manner; "it doesn't do to take too much notice of what he says ; some folks think too much before they speak ; some think too little; Tregarron doesn't think ut all, he ont's with whatever comes into his mind." " He likes you very much ?" " Well, I've never done anything to mako bim go against me that I know of," said Adser; "we've been brought up together, as you may say." " But they tell me he doesn't aspire to bc your brother !" " How do you mean aspire ?" " He has higher hopes. "Oh, Tregarron has all manner of fads, wants <o see life, he says ; bas had thoughts of being a missionary ; says he envies my father, who ran away to foreign lands ; but there s soft heads in Castleton who make put that he should be a member of Parliament like Duke's son. Such rubbish !" "He's a clever fellow, eb? Can make a good speech ? Doesn't he write poetry?" " Lewis Tregarron knows more than most : but when you come to 'Lord UUin's Daughter,' ' Mary thc Maid of the Inn,' and verses of the kind, Trcgarron's only a rope maker after all." " A very good rope-maker, but not a very good poet, eh ?" " Have you heard him say the speech, " Ruin seize thee, ruthless king?" " No, is it very stirring?" " It isn't bad, and ' Men of Harlech,' well that isn't up to much, but it wants singing, he says. Have you heard him Bing?" " No, I have a great many pleasures tocóme I find." "Oh, I don't know about pleasures, but they say my father waB the man to sing, and Zodack tells of his whistling like a black- bird." " Ho's coming home they say." "Grandmother's heard that story anytime this two or three years." " Rich, they say." " I wonder be clare show his face in Castle- ton," Adser replied, with a slight drop of the corners of her mouth. " Oh, but he is your father," said Geoffrey, pausing in hie pretended work to look at her. " Yes, that's it ; and he left mother to die and me to bc dragged up anyhow. A nice fattier that 1 And if it hadn't been for dear owd Zodack Bradford, Nannie Blythe would have brought me up with a stick. Zodack had many a row with her about it ; but that's long since. She has to be content to give me the length of her tongue now, instead of her staff." " You've had rather a hard life, my poor girl," said Geoffrey, in a tone of pity. " Oh, no, I haven't. I've had rather a good life as things go. I'm not to be pitied. I don't know anybody that I envy, and nobody that I'd change places with." Adser drew herself up proudly, and Geoffrey, was quick to say, " My dear MÍBS Blythe, I don t commiserate you, I admire you. I don't know when I have seen a young lady whom I admire so much." "Oh, don't call me a young lady," said Adser, tho flush on her face dying away to paleness. "I'm no young lady; young ladies don't get up at five in the morning, aud make fire and get breakfast ready, and sweep up, and bc guides to caverns, and go tramping about lanes and hills, and such like." "There arc girls who cannot help being ladies though they are born to drudgery. Do you ever read fairy tales ?" " I've read ' Cindrella.'and ' Dick Witting ton,' und ' Jack,' and Zodack has read some of ' Midsummer Night's Dream ' to me-that beats them all, doesn't it?" " Yes, 1 think it docB," said Geoffrey, surprised at the answer. " Bottom ! Oh, isn't he great ? If he'd been a bit mean he'd have been somothing like Staley Brentwood-and, uh, you must get Zoduck to chaff Tregarron about Parson Hugh and that other fairy tale, or do you call it a play ? Yes, I know a comedy ; lt's_ got Tre- garron ont of saying look you and indeed to goodness, Zodack says. It's where Llewellyn says bc was born at Monmouth, and makes out it was where Alexander the pig, was born, that sots Tregarron going, and sometimes he's real mad with Zodack, but they come round after a blt, and then Zodaok gets him to say, ' Ruin seize thee, ruthless King, con- fusion on thy banners wait,' ¡and it's enough to make a oat laugh." " It most indeed," said Geoffrey, delighted with the girl's gossip. "Mr. Bradford ¡B your idea of a fine man !" " How do you mean a fine man ?" Bhe asked. " A fine character, a man to make a friend of," said Geoffrey. " Ob, he's a man of a thousand, is Zodack," she replied. " It s a wonder he never married." " It would have been a wonder if he had, who'd he have been likely to marry ? Besides he's an old man." " Not so very old ; besides he was young once." " Ves," she replied thoughtfully, " of course, though I cannot imagine Zodack ever being young, that is gadding about, black- berrying, nutting, or wading in the streams for tish ¡ he must always have had old ideas." " Yet he is lively enough, and nimble too." " Lively ! I should think he was, he's the life and soul of Castleton, and as for being nimble, he can got about faster than grand- mother without a etiok : and you should hear them have a bit of a squabble, doesn't he get thc better of her ! He told ber one day she was like a millwheel that run all day long and ground nowt, and I daresay you've noticed that about her, how she goes on, talk, talk, talk, and after all says nothing, unless it is some nasty thing that angers you ; I mean uone of it's any good. Now I know what you're thinking, I can see it in the way you're smiling, you think I've got a long tongue of my own ; pot calling the kettle black." "No, indeed," said Geoffrey, "I like to hear you talk, you arc so frank, and your voice is sweet" "Thank you," said AdBer, with a mock bow of her handsome bead. ' ' You'll be asking me to sing next." " You' told me you could not sing, and I have asked you to whistle," said Geoffrey, smiling. " I only whistle when I'm giving signals to Mucklethorpe, or walking by myself down in the valley, or up above Peveril Castle." "I wish I might go on one of those rambles with you," said Geoffrey, as if he were speak- ing to himself. " You'd set Castleton talking if you did," said Adser, " and I don't know that I haven't given them points enough for gossip as it is in sitting for my portrait ; they all know about it." " Do you care?" "NotI," said Adser; "I've flown in the face of Castleton many a time." "Indeed, in what way?" " Oh, in many ways, in thc way I've dressed my hair, and walking out of church once in thc middle of the sermon -who's going to be talked to as if one was dirt by a curate cn a pound a-week. "I certainly would not," said Geoffrey. Then there was a pause, during which Adser wondered why getting ready to begin painting took so long, and if it always consumed so much time why Mr. Lathkill did not get ready before she arrived. "Won't you tell me something else?" Geoffrey asked presently. " I can't think of anything just now ; you said you'd tell me something about that young lady that you think is the same that Mr. Jerry Bray was telling us about being in Sheffield when he was there, and they say is coining through the Peak with her banner and her singing women." " Yes, 1 will tell you all about her with pleasure, but another time ; I want you to sit quietly now for a little." "Very well." said Adser, " I don't mean to insinuate that you have not been sitting quietly all thc time," "Oh," said Adter. " Wc will go on with our chat soon." " Very well," said Adser. " Are you ready to begin ?" " Yes," said Geoffrey, stepping np to the platform. " Permit me. Turn your head a little this way, please." He laid his hand upon her shoulder, a familiarity, slight as it was, that she let him understand by a glance of her expressive eyes she did not like. " Pardon me," said Geoffrey, who under- stood the silent protest os well as if it had been expressed in the most emphatic words. It passed through her mind that quite recently when Tregarron bad suddenly kissed her, she had felt something like the annoyance that Geoffrey had set up when she found his hand upon her shoulder, and yet there was no flutter of the heart in her anger with Tre- garon, whose face she had promptly slapped. Somehow the touch and the look of Geoffrey Lathkill hurt her. To her curiously sensitive nature it was an affront. For a whole half hour she did not apeak, and Geoffrey's spirits fell. " li's raining," were her first words sfter the long interval, during which Geoffrey had rioted seriously, and without ceasing, "and must have been here for hours. I can't stop any longer now." bile rose abruptly, picked up a large Bun bonnet which she bad taken off on entering thc room, and made straight for thc door. " I have not offended you," said Geoffrey, anxiously, and following ber palette in hand. " No," she answered. " But I can't stay any longer." "You'll get wet. Let me give you an umbrella." "No, thank you. I've no UBe for um- brellas," she said, and was gone without looking back. Geoffrey went to Che door, and watched her disappear along the path towards the Lapidary's Cottage. She ran through the summer storm, ber Bhort skirts flying behind her, and showing her neat ankles, Tier flap piug bonnet looking like a pair of Mercury's wings against her head. Geoffroy sighed as he stood watching her ; and when he turned to re-enter tho house, from which the sign, "To Let Furnished," had been taken down on the second day of his arrival at Castleton, Mr. Lewis Tregarron, the Welshman, came np to him .from the opposite direction. " A word with you, Mr. Lathkill," said the young man, in a peremptory manner. " By all means," said Geoffrey. ?' Step this way." (Tobe continued. ) 