(English Jtoto, THE MISSIONARY CONFERENCE, LONDON. The Missionary Conference, held in London at the end of May, was of a very important character. It was preceded by a service at St. Paul's, with a sermon by the Bishop of Durham, from the text Eph. iii. 8 : ' Unto me, vrho am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ.' As the apostle stood to the Gentiles, so stand we to the nations of to-day. There is a corporate mission as well as a personal one. Englishmen were called, not to be pioneers only, but evangelists, and that call was written in their history. What have we done to answer that call? Our material development has overpassed our spiritual, but activity in foreign missions will develop intellectual interest in Divine revelation, spiritual unity will be furthered, and society approach nearer to the Divine ideal of human brotherhood. The attendance at the meetings was not large, St. James' Hall being little more than half-full. The Archbishop of Canterbury looked forward hopefully to the Church in her corporate capacity supplanting the societies, and taking over the work of evangelisation, after the apostolic methods, so well imitated by the Church of the United States. The societies found their difficulty in dealing with native churches and with the perpetual expansion of science and forms of thought. He compared evangeli sation through societies to government by party. ? He also, amid much laughter, compared in their principles of work the Church Missionary Society with the Jesuits, and the Propaganda at Rome with the S.P.G. For the work of the two societies he had nothing but praise. They hold at present the mission conscience of the Church. They are the only people in the Church who have recognised their responsibilities, and God's blessing is on them. When the Church at large awakes to its corporate responsibilities, the candlesticks of the societies will not indeed be removed, but their work will be changed. As matters are, we must support their noble work. Many of the speeches that followed were of a high order of eloquence, and of great interest. We can only refer to one or two of them. The Rev. F. S. Webster, late of the Church Army, spoke of three stages in the vocation of the Missionary — the call of the Master, the cry of the heathen, the communion of the Holy Ghost: Bishop Selwyn showed how vocation would always be made clear at the right time, by reference to the effect which four sermons preached in 1854 by his father at Cambridge had ultimately had on the life of Bishop Mackenzie, of Central Africa, as well as by an anecdote indicating how the mind of Bishop Patteson had been similarly prepared long before the actual call was heard. Dr. Maclean, warden of St. Augustine's, Canterbury, dwelt on the need of physical training for missionaries, deprecating the present system of examination as an unreliable test. The Rev. Bernard Wilson, late of the pro Cathedral, Brisbane, suggested some knowledge of colonial work being included in the subjects for examination. Speaking of Hinduism, Sir Monier Williams spoke of the singular adaptability of this religion, which claims to embrace all faiths — even Christianity being represented as merely a form of it suited to Western ideas. He protested against wholesale condemnation of its system, and urged careful study of its inner meaning. The Bishop of Colombo said that the Buddhism of the lower classes was merely ' devil dancing.' The Neo-Buddhism, of which theosophy is an offshoot, is not a religion at all, but an anti Christian philosophy directed by Western unbelievers. Mr. Douglas, professor of Chinese, stated that Confucianism also is not a religion, recognising no personal God, and being based on the doctrines of original righteousness. Prebendary Codrington and the Bishop of Rangoon deprecated the exaggerated views held in Europe as to the religious work of Buddhism and its hold on its votaries, boldly declaring that in many forms of paganism there was a clearer sense of right and wrong and a truer idea of immortality and a spiritual life. The Bishop of Cairo and Dr. Cust read papers on our relationship with Eastern Churches. The Bishop of Lahore spoke of our relations with missions of the Church of Rome, and generally of the 'comity' of missions. Mr. Eugene Stock, following on the same subject, spoke of the identi fication of Roman missions with the political interests of the nations sending them. The few priests to be found in the Portuguese missions are a shame to humanity, let alone Christianity. The utter relapse of native Christians to heathenism was due to the reckless adminis tration of baptism, accommodation of Christian faith to superstitious customs, absence of schools for the young, pretended miracles, severity of Church discipline, connection with the slave trade. The Rev. J. A. Sharroch's paper protested against any compromise in dealing with caste in India, as fatal to brotherhood and communion. The Bishop of Lahore thought it open to question whether converts deserted by their wives might not after the lapse of years remarry. Dr. R. N. Cust contended that no polygamist should be baptised, but that he must not send his wives away, and that they might be admitted to the Christian faith ; the husband must remain a catechumen till all but one of his wives died. The Rev. W. E. Price confessed that he had baptised a polygamist, and urged that tribal customs compli cated the question. The Bishop of Norwich recommended that missionaries should be sent out two and two, because of the depressing effects of being relegated to a settlement in backwood or bush, with no people to be conversed with on terms of intellectual equality within fifty or a hundred miles. A women's section of the Conference was well attended, the subjects being — ' The Vocation and Training of Women for Foreign Missionary Work,' and ' The Need and Scope of Women's Work.' Mrs. Benson was in the chair, and read the presidential, address. Miss Frances Patteson, sister of the late bishop, took part in the Conference. Miss Lawrence read a paper on work in Madagascar; and Miss Barcode, from the Lebanon, who wore the native costume, put in a pathetic plea for Palestine. 