ROUND THE WORLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN'S t EXPERIENCES. e In a handsomely got up and well illnatrated t volnme, a respeoted Melbourne citizen records e his impressions of a journey round the world e in 1890. Though printed for private cironu lation only, if we may judge by the pleasnre a and profit derived from its perusal, the pub. a lishers, Messrs Ford and Son, Carlton, will . have many applications for copies. I1 The well-known figure of Mr? W. Slevers, sen., is familiar to most Mel. bourne residents; few however, know that the staid old gentleman, who ; for forty years has gone out and in amongst us, had spent a stormy and adven turous youth in the British Navy, seeing a service on many seas, meeting with adven a tures in many lands. To his naval experiences ,. he added those of a pioneer in Canadian it forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of comfort, and the respect of his, fellow-citizens. Strong in will, like Tennyson's Ulysses, he could not bring him . self " to rust unburnished, not to shine in use ;" so in 1890, accompanied 'i byhis son, the popular member for Carlton, 't he old gentleman started to explore new lands and revisit old scenes. In a faithfully d kept and unpretending journal of each day's r- experiences, ho. recorded his impressions of men and manners, and he has now, in his "Fifty Years' After: or Old Scenes Re visited," given' these permanent form. Ina kindly and sympathetic preface,- Mr James y Moloney, with admirable literary tact, intro. a duces his old friend, and rings up the curtain. The journey itself, inoludingvisits to Egypt, Palestine, Italy, France, Great Britain, Ire. n land, Canada, and the United States was df a remarkable feat for one of Mr levers' years. n Still more remarkable is the personality re Svealed in its record. To the keenest ens? it ceptibility for all that attests material pro gress and prosperity there is added that t responsiveness to the storied and romantic d past only possible for a well-cultivated mind. Due note is taken of the benefits of British Sinfluence in Egypt, of the new life in re. e generated Italy, of the social betterment of d the working classes in England and Ireland, and of the social problems in course of solution in the New World. Bet not less interesting ,are the pas sages which chronicle the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan e and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, Rome; e Stratford-on-Avon, Abbotaford and other r spots famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as "a lusty winter, frosty, but * kindly," leaving unchilled the genuine catholioity of spirit which glows on every I page, ndeadened the simple, ohildlike piety, of which this unpretending record furnishes so many proofs. We call one or two extracts e for the benefit of our readers. a A BENDIGONIAN AND THE RESURRECTION. i "' We were nearing Colombo. During the a night there was heavy rain and a thick fog; a so much so that the captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog. horn. A Jewish gentleman, who hails from e Sandhurst, was woke up out of his sleep by the horna blowing. Startled by the fearful t noise, in the confusion, and only half awake, he took it into his head that the shipwas being lost, and that it was the blowing of the hornwhich is to assemble alltheChildren of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on dis covering his error, and said he was in no hurry to visit that country so long as he could help it. Possibly champagne over night hadsomething to do with his delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." "An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibbon: THE MAGIC OF A NAME. "During our brief stay in Colombo we chartered several vehicles, each holding four persons, and made up a party to visit the suburbs, cinnamon groves, markets, and a famous Brahba temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we came on a museum of very pretentious ap pearance. It was then 9 o'clock, and the doorkeeper said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as the ourator and other high officials had not arrived. The morning was very hot, and we were all anxious to get under shelter, so my son resolved to test the power of the Melbourne Corporation intro duction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk's letter, on the official mind. It was enolosed in a crimson morocco ease let. teredin gold. I, asthesenior member of the company, presented itto the door- keeper. He took it inside for a few minutes, then the chief attendant, accompanied by other of. floials, appeared in person, bowing in the most courteous manner, and motion ing to us and our friends to enter the building. I suspect he must have. thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect "open sesame," and in the most polite manner he showed us all over the building. Relics of the past of every kind were here to be seen, both in their natural state and pre served-birds, beasts, fishes, gods and goddesses, jewellery two thousand years old, armor of the quaintest kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual ba'esheeah to the attendants, bade him good-bye, mounted our carriages, the offioials bowing low to the ground, and drove off." A mournful interest gives value to the following kindly and sympathetic notice of A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. " Sunday, 9th March.-We expect this evening to enter the Straits of Bebelman deb, the entrance to the Red Sea. Church service was conducted in the saloon by the Rev. Mr Rose; and the Rev. Mr Bunning, assisted by Mr Ross, conducted two religious services on the second cabin deck. Mr Bun ning apnears to me to be a very zealous, God fearing man. Mrs Bunning renders great service by visiting andassisting alot of poor sick eople in the steerage of the ship, and I havehea-d severalof them speak in the most grateful terms of her kindness and charity towards them." POMPEII. "What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity isa walk through this silent oity of the dead. There oe one oursed section of it that conveys an awful lesson to all moral thinking men, that special portiondovoted to nameless vices, which, thank God, a large portion of the Christian world is perfectly ignorant of. Suach, prac tioes were degrading to onr common human nature, but so debased and sunk in sensuality must these people have been that the common shame whioh usually accompanies these evil practices was nctknown to them. In the various chambers where these unnatural orgies took place the walls are covered with filthy pictures in full detail, so well executed that after the lapse of eichtecn'hundred years many of the colors and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathe those vile produo. tions and their authors. No wonder,, I think, that the same fate that befell the oursed cities of the Plain--Sodom and Gomorrah--whose site we had lately visited on the dead sea shore, befell them. [ was glad to observe that no females or yonths are permitted to inspect these rooms; a soldier goes with each party to see that the rule is complied with. As a wind-up to the visit to Pompeii, we went to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposedto view are all the appliances that make every-day lifo enjoyable; those ancient people knew all about them, most things we enjoyin our daily life are there, and as for the jewoellery and articles in gold and silver, set with precious stones for female adornment, they are there in profusielon. Loaves of bread and confectionery found in the bakers' ovens are there perfect in form. The sight, too, of the poor bodies of men, wome and blildren, just as they were found, some in apparent agony endeavoring to shield their faces from the burning lava is sad indeed: amongst them lie a poor woman and her daughter clasped together in the last mor lovers found the Now Rome of land booms and jerry.builders' triumphs not at all the Rome of his imagination. He had however, noeause to complain of his reeop tion. Among the highplaced dignitaries of the Pontifical court he found some who cherished most kindly memories of Melbourne So forthe sake of old times difficulties were smoothed away, etiquette had to relax its rules, and by speoial favor our author and a party of his fellow travellers had AUDIENCE OF HIS HOLINESS, THE POPE. " At a quarter to twelve our party set out in three'arriageafor the palaceof the Vatican, andwere met at the foot of the grand stair oase of white marble by the Swiss Guard, a fine-looking set of men in semi.armor and fifteenth century dress, armed with long, formidable-looking pikes and short swords; the dress quaint, but soldier-like. We mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were soon in the midst of, evidently, the holiest. the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon we found ourselves in the large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, m which his Holiness receives his visitors, and after our letter of admission was " vi.eed." by officiala of most solemn appearancr. we were intrd duced into the reception reom, an apartment of most gorgeous and splendid appearancee with a rich, ancient-looking tapestry pour traying Scripture and historic subjects. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centre being altogether anoocupled. Among the grand offiials that we met before entering the reception room I recognised Monaignor O'Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guest at the house of our respected priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O'Connell. Monsignor seemed to be a leading personage heroe, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room we found a crowd of ecclesiastics, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten. tion paid to them by the house hold prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a alight buzz was heard, and at the far corner through a doorway ap peared His Holiness, surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals and bishops. All at once fell on their knees, and the Pope, who was dressed plainly in white flannel, or very light cloth, with crimson skull cap and crosses on his white shoes, very thin, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable av pearancee, commenced to pregress slowly round with a kind word or other ex paession to every one, signing most of them with the sign of the crose on their forehead. Of our company Willio and I were furthest from him. I caught the words "Australia,') "Protestant," uttered by. the grand secretary. When he was in front of our company he seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non Catholic fellow-tourists, speaking a kindword to each lady and gentleman. When hbe reached us, I being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, " Catholic, father and son." He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid his hand on my head. I asked his blessing for self and family, which he imparted to me most solemnly, and gave me his ring to kiss, which I did ia the moat reverent manner. liepassed on to Willie, who was evidently much affected, and dealt with him much as he had done with me. Manyof the visitors had quantities of beads and relies to receive the Apostolic benediction with themselves. When the Pope had gone quite round to the plaeo whence he started, he suddenly advancoe unattended, and alone into the centre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating himself to his fullest height he threw 'his hands high over his hpad and said I that we were al the children of God, our common Father, and as such he blessed us. He then dropped his left band, and signing the cross in the air over us all, imparted to us and oun families the Apostolic benediction hi the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost. At this moment the scene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies and gentlemen, sobbingloudly, and all deeply impressed with the solemn scene. His Holiness then took his departure, and we went back to our hotel highiy pleased and edified." Gladly would we follow MIr levers to England. Scotland, Ireland and America. The interest of his volume rises step by step as he treads familiar ground, and notes the results of fifty years of change. There is much that is new andsuggestive in his pie tures of the homelands, but our space come pels us to part from him. There is both pleasure and profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightfulvolume, and we are sure that no one will close it without an in creased feeling of admiration and respect foss the venerable author. Jone Rain. 