TO THE DITOR THE BENDIGO INDEPENDENT. Yours, etc., H. R, WILLIAMS. Eaglebawk, Nov. 24. SIR,-Latley I have told more than one depu tation that it will not pay the country to buiid railways through merely grazing or pastoral areas; and my reasons for such a policy may too soon (jy the following very careful analysis, Which, i think, only goes to show tho had result? Erora a point of view, but om«* phflcisca tho reasons £or adopting tho policy «rf taxing ljie,unimproved of land, and tbatibo ««uU.s aro so marked as £o challenge (bo .attention of every well wisher fit bis Country. Although i ted weighed (ho metier, over in my owh mind mouths agoj. and made' pabjic fpy opinions in the way dospribpd, I Aba q railway expert, commenting on my slate pments in a ioy.rnal which only came to hand yesterday, pute Atop pnso thus ; —“ Bough esti* £aato of< the value id' l))p railways of 10,000 ncroaof jand -under outtiyajt-ion, as against fli0,000no»ea of Ipnd employed p) r running .sheep.'* HESimrs. i Note the yield over tiio yrhplo oniony for iho past three years lias been 121-3 bushels per acre. 12 1-3 bushels per acre for 10,000- oorcs, gives 3304 tons, which, carried at the rate of Ms per ton, will give the railway freight of £2312 16s; carriage of wheat bags, £84 Ms 8d; carriage of machinery »nd ( iroplo* meats of all kinds, binder twine, etc,, £350; rations,, olothing, etc., for oho than 1 for every 100 acres, about £398; tolal oatimBtod revenue, £3146 10s 8d. PASTORAL RESULTS. She average for the whole gives # one sheep to every 2£ acres, 5Jr lbs of .wool' per sheep, giverll tons of wool-- for tbe 10,000 acres,; *tbo 72s per ion for Uio 'aydrago disj 'tanoo carried, £$9 I2e; the increase of stock, to 'bo reduooa byZS-por cent, each. yoaV' by 'truoking to raarket and boiling down, say '600 L trup|t.ed f and £25 boiled down average froigbl, £44 4s 4d; woolpnclta, and rations for one man to every 4000 sheep oontinuoubly; and two men 14-days for every 1000 sheep at shearing lime, £6 13s; total revenue, £90 9s 4d. Difference in favour of agricultural land occupation, £3055 Is- 4d per year.” After ' reading this sititomont ftml looking over th6 map of Victoria, and traemg tho immense areas of pastoral lands ‘ through which our most costly oonstriictod railways run, hs shown in my loiter of yesterday, can anyone wonder why our railways do not pay? Not only does Ibis not pay Iho railways, but 1 respectfully submit it doon riot pay any coun try, tuoro especially sof whore the land is rich and eminently suited for< agricultural pur poses. As to tho tax on mnimprovod, values decreasing (ho value of land, John Stanrfc Mill shows conclusively that tho cottier farmers pay much more to. the revenues of the countries where (hoy obtain lhan in proposed to 'dp here, and that (ho valun of their land is constantly on the increase. Now. Zealand and South Aus tralia have bad this tax on unimproved values for years ; it has passed -.tho Legislative As sembly of Now-South Wales in ono, night’s sitting, and it is about lo bo adoplod in Tas mania, but, forsodlb, in Victoria it is an an oatrago and. a policy- of spoliation and robbery. O ghosts of.departed heroes, what think you of this in the groat democratic Via* torla where you scored your former triumphs? The question of future railway extension will bo determined by the number of men, women and children living on the land, and mot by its grazing capabilities alone. It appears oven; now (here, is some doubt in some mindaabou.b; ’ Ebb .60 valuebeing^^bP 1 ; -unimproved val uo bf'the isnd. The' first 'pro perty I mentioned in my former letter -was worth £800, the other £480. The division is thus:— ' Unimproved Improvements, value. 1st property ... , £750 £60 2nd properly ... 60 430 , ■' £800 £48Q The £480 unimproved value is therefore 60 per cent, of tho actual value of these'* two properties. Suoh an average was struck in Now Zealand and South Australia in order to ascertain what amount might be expected from such a lax, and the results proved, this percentage correct. Mr Turner follows their example and relies upon that axiom “That tilings wbicb aro equal lo the same things are therefore eijual to ono another.’- Aggregating-' the rich city lands where the unimproved j value is two or three times greater than the* improved value, and tho country lands where tho improved value is, in many cases, four , and fivo times growler than the unimproved value, then 60 per cent, of tho whole value of land in tho colony ie that part which,’ as a general average, is unimproved. Upon this the tax Is levied, and tbo general result calcu lated. The 60 per cent, is not applied to individual oases, but is tho resultant of aver ages, and the product of a general calculation. 