OUR HOBART LETTER. I (FKOH OUB -OWH CORRESPONDENT.) Fbidat. The ^muiieal committee of tbe Exhibition have got tbemielvei Into' amuddle. Th*y accepted the tender ot a well-known pro fesiional man to supply the requisite muslo to charm tbe ears of musical patrons for a stipulated mm. After algnlng the contract, Mr Linden f innd out tbat It wonld require a capitalist with a pretty long purse to cirry out his venture, and, rather than ran the concern at a lots, he told the committee that he would require certain conoesiions, otherwise he must be compelled to throw up the whole thing. The matter wai debated at the lait meeting of the Exhibition com mittee, and many ol the members who posad ai itrong supporters of Mr Linden on a pre* vioui occasion, were loud In denouncing him for throwing them over. Ultimately, the majority of the committee determined that they must have untie, and that it mnit be music of a good qnftlity ; therefore they agreed to give Mr Linden theconcenlons he aiked lor. The prioe s of admission to tbe conoerts are to be small ; but, as one of the Exhibition supporters remarked, in thesfe dull and Btnpld timei a boxing match, with a good rousing brass band, varied now and then by a wrestling match, would amute onr visitors and a goodly portion of the looil public more than tbe latest thing in operatic music. One practical member of the com mittees inggesti thst there should be no music at all, whilst another thinks that a bold attack on the ears of s punctilloni pnblio by our leading brsis band would be rewarded snd encouraged by the tremendoni applause, A good deid ol nonaeuie hai been written and talked abont the value ol muiio lor the Exhibition fay a number of people who can't distinguish a few sharp notes Irom one on a piano. Tbe pnblic will be quite content 11 decent mnsio is provided at the Boathern show, and, what ii more, pay for their seats whether quality or quantity ii operatic or mnslc hall. In hi* famous lecture on the 11 Wastes and 1 Burdens of Society,' delivered in many parts of the United Kingdom, as well as tbe United States. Henry Ward Beeoher, after referring to the waste arising from sick ness and premature death, made the following and interesting remark! on waste from parasites, which should be read snd digested by s cumber of ne'er-do-weels and hangers-on, who sponge on their fellow creatures for an existence.' The nrxt bur den snd waste in soolety that I should men tion, said Mr Beecher, i« thst whioh springs upon . ue from our parasites. A parasite is sn snlmsl organised to got its living ont ot somebody else. It does not work, it socks ! tor s living, 01 oourse yon know whst s | vegetsble parasite is, the red spider sqfl the I green aphides everywhere. We know what animal parasites are, intestinal or exterior, but the worst parasites in the world are i human paraiitei, snd society is loll of them. ! All healthy men, competent to work, but unwilling, who live upon society without giving sn rquivalent I call paraiitei. The young man has had some ambition; he has I run through hie active energies, and be 1 loiters about the streets, morning, noon, aud night, and picks np a living providenoe may know how. At last he comes to that condition in which he has chanced one day in church to hear from the noble old Book, ' Go to the ant, thou sluggard, consider her wa}i, and be wise.' Off be goes to his aunt, snd lives on her stter that, 1 All vicious men snd men thst come to tte legitinaste results of vice, sll criminal men tbat foriake industries, and live by warfare open rr secret. I call parasites. These that brcome the eff eeoniiuB of cmnmnnlttui that : ' ichorously drop from stage to stage, at the bottom form a malarious mud — these parasites of society are wasters, and I have a right to denounce vice and crime and all ' the courses that lead to them, not alone npon a high moral principle, not alone npon mere schedules of morality, but be o* use they are i your enemies and my enemies, d tbey bleed I snd suck us, they sre vermin thst infest onr bodies and our families, snd if these olsssei sre vloioni, criminal, snd parasitio, how much more sre those that make tbem, those whose very trsde snd livelihood consist in making vicious and criminal parasltiei in s community. The men that make drunkards are worse than the drunkards. The men that make gamblers are worse than the gamblers. The men that furnish lust with it* malarial are worse than those who are overcome by tbe lust. An ontline of the Ladies' Village Settle ment soheme is to hand, and in all con science is broad snd comprehensive enough. The scheme in its roughest ontline is to bene fit unemployed labor and alleviate poverty by self effort. Land of a suitable character will be chosen in the country, and on this a oertain number of the settlers and their families will be drafted, and, under com petent supervision, taught to till the land and make lt prodsoe snffiolent for their wants and somebody els-.'s wants. The settlers will be helped along with small advances, whioh they will pay back with other moneys at suitable Intervals. Tbe ladies' committee are quite aware that their scheme could not have tbe ghost of a chance of success with* ont publio sympathy and Msiitanos, but the Idea ol pauperism as connected with it ii rigoronsly tabooed. Itsmsnce is co-opera- ; tion ol Isbor, skilled and unskilled, and its j full i cope and meaning m»y be learnt trom a study ot tbe manifesto sent to the pnblio Drints. There is already a stir being made in tbe aldermanic world. The Sanitary and General Improvement Association intend to nominate throe good men and true, snd as this body is sn all-powerful one, lt is safe to venture on one, if not two, of their proteges being returned. Mr Thomas Dillon is looked npon as the working man's candidate, and if single votes can put a man in he should top the poll* Mr Dillon Is a good practical man, and at the Council table, although a bit sturdy snd wsrllke when be is opposed, he has shown on more than one occasion thst he possesses ad ministrative stilitdes of no mean quality. He has hsd long experience of Council matters in the past, and the Improvements made st the city sbsttoirs during his term of office aa s councillor is s matter of bistorv. None ol the names ol other candidates have been mentioned, but, like Brown's cows, they will eome along when least expeoted. The Amateur Nursing Band is doing a vast amount ol good amongst the laboring poor, bnt their labors are somewhat hanr!i« capped for tbe want of practical nursing members It is not the slightest use of a young lady who is squeamish in ber tastes joining an organisation of tbis kind. They are totally ont of pl«ce, snd in cases of urgency when their services are called into requisition sre absolutely useless. No one knows better than a medical man that it is neefsssry to hsve s sensible sod well taught nurse to carry out his instructions. Tbe members of the nurairg band certainly receive instruc tion from various city medical men bow to manage difficult cases, to note symptoms, and to learn to be able to give a correct and intelligent account cf each case when called upon to do eo, There are, however, many memheri nf thu hbnri trnnM vail make tbeir personal interests secondary to those tbey attend. The bsnd as s whole sre doing a noble work, but the skeleton in tbeir cupbosrd is tbe scarcity of working numbers who are oot averse to spending day sfte?day and night alter night with a aick fellow creature. Sydcey Baiith always asserted that It would take s surgical operation to extract a joke trom a Scotchman. Tbe city coroner is s Scotchman, snd it he is not gifted with cracking jokes ho has s lot of dry humor about him. The other day s gentlemen ecocsted tbe worthy gentleman snd Ac quainted him of a sudden death that bad occurred. ' Well, that is sirgnlar,' re marked tbe coroner. ' 1 have no cfflclal in timation of it, but, ' he dryly said to his informant, ' it is abcut time, you know ; there baa been none for nine weeks.' The Orpheus Olub drew a crowded house at the Town Hall on Monday, and presented a air on? prcgremme tn aid of the funds of the Migd»]ene Home, Mount Bt. Oanice Ihe club was aieitted by Mian Dora Perkins and Mr Midwood's batjo orchtstr* of nine playere. Tbe la'ter was a decided novelty, and scored a dUiioct succesr. Mr Bltham conducted, and Mrs Kltham, besides playing the acoomraniments, sang two solos charm ingly, and was recalled en eaoh ocoarfons. A gqod sum was netted, for wfcioh the Bev Father Ethh thanked the members ot tbe club, E!s Excellency the Governor was present, attended by the private secretary, i Since tbe appointment of Mr Otto Linden I as muelcal director the reorganisation of tbe Fxbibltion choir baa be-en rapidly pushed forward j ever 5 00 of the members have been passed by Mr Linden, and abont 60 new vocalist* have t«c-jn enrolled. Each mcmlei of th-: utoir will in future be ex pected to attend two practioei weekly, Mr F. A. Packer's eantata to be tung at the opening oeremony will be put in rehearsal this week, and Is swsited with muoh in terest by the members. Mr A.J. Mills Is r»oing excellent work st his College of Mu«ie. '^taritsna' 1« now is rehearvsl, and will shortly be pro duced. It is worthy of note that every one of Mr Mills* pupils suooeeded in passing the London Trinity College examinations, the result* of whleh have just been an nonnoed. The Hobart Operatic Society, under Mr Bradshsw Major, are hard at work on the 11 Hermit's Bell,' which will be produced at the Theatre Boyal, with full soenic effects, next month. 