ISTEEDXiES: "Shorb, Sharp, Shiny." " That's rather the color I want, only a little I too cokZ. You see, it's to go with the jrieze." "Can't 'ardly be too cold to go with a freeze, \ m'm, seems to me. 'm." {He went Kith a freeze, you bet. Fine. Gold. Clear. Warm. Aurora. Royal Tar. Town Hall." Show week. "Immomeena." Aurora Australia. Gold in the Lake. Massilia at Albany. Dr. Carr indignant. New Ausbralia again. The champion eights. Gold at Wankaringa. Agricultural Congress. Courtship and marriage. Garden party Thursday. Smallpox on the Massilia. Swimming finals^to-night. Cottage burnt to a cinder. Conference of magistrates. A farmer mistaken for a pig. A Premier and an archbishop. Call of 6d. per share on Souths. j Texture won the Waterloo Cup. Broken Hills 44s. 6d. in London. Mr. A. L. Harrold off to Europe. Australian wheat 25s. per quarter. Death of veteran Baptist minister. Welsh beat the Irish by 4 goals to 1. Christian Endeavor missionary rally. F. Jarvis played well for 94 not out. Newmarket Handicap next Saturday. Social tendered to Mr. A. L. Harrold. Anarchism finds little favor in London. City Baths will be packed this evening. A free Continental for children to-iiighb. Never interfere in other people's quarrels. A peacemaker's reward. It was ever thus. Cardinal Moran spoke straight on Sunday. Grocers' picnic prizes given away to-night. Royal Tar occupied 53 days on the voyage. Morphettville stock in evidence at Caulfield. The Commercials won the eight- oar boat Sir Julius Vogel was born on February 24, 1805. The Hon. D. Bews died on February 24, 1891. Hindmarsh beat Aratrals with four wickets down. Royal-Tar made a good passage to Monte Video. The Hon. Robert Raid is still very busy in London.. No more adulteration of liquors in New Zealand. The Jessie Parker caught in a hurricane and disabled. Accident to the Fiado not so serious as imagined. Adelaides, 17G; South Adelaides, 104 for two wickets. A supposed suicide in the North Esk river, Lauuceston. The silver market has been completely demoralised. A rich discovery of gold at Lovely Valley, Wankaringa. A free night for " dem little kiddies" at the Continentals. Mr. Tom Barr Smith won the Alma Stakes with Destiny. A Coolgar.die is reported to have been found at Waukaringa. Read "Eight Oar's" reporb on the Champion Eight-oar Race. An immense crowd attended Martial Bourdin's funeral. The Bank of England stopped payment on February 25, 1799. The Waikeri Village Settlement has a splen did fishing ground. John Riggs, jun., met with a terrible accident at Gawler. "Eight Oar" is an enthusiast and an authority on rowing. . A new season of Continentals will be inaugu rated on Wednesday. The Tariff Revision Bill is still before the United States Senate. The Bentley-Webster entertainment at the Town Hall this evening. Horse3 bred by Sir T. Elder won three races at Caulfield on Saturday. The London police nipped the Anarchist demonstration in the bud. Nurse Agnes will be the new matron of the North Adelaide Hospital. Three Morphettville-bred youngsters ran 1, 2, 3 in the Alma Stakes. The last nights of Napoleon's Ghost at the Cycloratna are announced. Destiny started at fours, Moorite at sevens, and Lord Hopetoun at fives. A little boy fall out of the Sydney express train, bub was not hurt much. Another railway-crossing accident and a miraculous escape from death. During a cyclone in Mauritius a train was j swept off a bridge into a river. 1 Knelt to take aim at a duck; mistaken for | a pig ; shob dead. A sad story. Non-unionists are taking^ the place ofj unionists at the Newcastle colieries. Penal servitude for life for attempting to] murder the Servian Minister in Paris. J. G. Steele, the manager of the Hobartl Coffee Palace, i3 wanted by the police. The Northern Peninsula town councils are] trying to relieve the local unemployed. Neckersgat sired the first and second in the I Alma Stakes and Gang Forward the third. The Treaty of Versailles was signed by the | Germans and French on February 26, 1871. In Sydney 12,000 persons have applied for] work through the Government labor bureau. Patrick Burke, of Willowie, had to pay £161 for non-compliance with the Bush Fires Act. The Argentine Government will retain Balfour until the English police officer arrives. Andrew. Irwin will spend two months at stonecracking for having stolen three small articles. Miss O'Brien, the matron of the North Ada-1 laide Private Hospital, is leaving for Cool-| gardie to establish a hospital there. A brother to Moorite is to be offered for sale I next week; also a brother to Forward, a sister | to Question, and a Bister to Lord Hopetoun. 