QUEEN VICTORIA AND THE GSOfiT. The old family of the Beggs, the "originiitots of the famous whiskey iqiown to the trade fcs " John BfeggV* cifcn bottt of many traditions 1 of tuifft hottse id which. Queen Victoria has posed M a central figure. The distillery and private residence of the Begins adjoin (lie grounds of; the reyal residenoe at Balmoral, and il used be customary, prior to the decease of Mr. J 0 hn Begg, for the Queen to periodically visit the famous distillery. To add to the comfort of his royal visitor on these flying visits, Mr. Begg had an apartment specially prepared in his private residence , for the use of her Majesty, which, in course of time, came to be known as the Queen's room. 8ome ten years ago, when the writer of this artiole happened to be up north, he had oocasion to eall tipott Mr. Begg daring the time that her Majesty, accompanied by the three young daughters yi the Prince of Wales, was taking tea in the apartment reserved for her use. He fonnd the hostess very busy ia. the kitchen making "girdle cakes," which she informed him the joung princesses were very.fond of. No stranger would have imagined the three plainly-dressed, honvely girls busily engaged in devouring quantities of "girdle cake," libs ordinary boarding school misses, to be such important ana august voiutg personages; it was rightdown pleading, to see the hearty way in which they were enjoying themselves. Many a visit has her Majesty paid to the residence of the Beggs in past years in company with the Prince Consort, and it is, no doubt, due to the reminiscences connected with that period that the spot is a hallowed one in her memory. An incident which occurred at one of the Queen's visits about ten years ago is destined, through its supernatural character, to remain ever green in the memory of our gracious sovereign, although she has always been noted as a most practical lady, and quite free from the charge of superstition. According to report it is the first and only time that the<}u«6n ever saw a ghost, or whatever the optical illusion may have been that gave the august lady such a scare at the time. It capte about this way. One evening;, on her return to the castle from a dinner party, her Majesty was overtaken by such a heavy snowstorm as to oompel the royal party at the last moment to take refuge at the Beggs'. The Queen had been left in the royal room alone for a few moments, and had nO. doubt dozed off in front of the cheerful blaee on the hearth. This feeling of drowsiness was probably caused by the reaction from the bitter cold out of doors. ; , All at once a series of shrill screams in a. female voice were heard. The voice was. at once recognised (by the faithful John Brown' as that of his Royal mistress. Needless to say, he at once rushed into the apartment. Here he found her Majesty in a state of great perturbation, and even, terror, for such a practical woman. . , ~ In replytothe anxious inquiries of all, the Queen related that she was half asleep whenahe saw, the figure of a man approach from the window opposite her cnair.; 1 At first she imagined "she must be dreaming, but on rubbing her eyes for the second time the ghostly figure still rettairifed—in fact, even Advanced a few steps./ It was dressed entirely in White, and held ih its hand W%t ,seemed to he a poignavd covered jfftn blood., 'The figure ; spoke not a word, but still advanced in a threatening banner, and was 1 almost. in> ; the act . of touching the Queen's gatments, when her {Majesty could - stand the tension of her . nerves no longer, 'but gave the 1 aticoessiOn ' of cries IJiat immediately brought her attendants ,to her side, and at the same time dissipated the ghost, whioh .peemed to the mind of the thoroughly frightened lady to disappear through tAP same window by' which it had entered, . ' The Queen was,now Wide awake, and withal jin: a tprribly nervous state, and trembling in every linjb of her body. Of course^ instant search was Blade overy^hiew, but without in^'if^iflt; until ^'length her Majesty dissfp'a^ji withher Lpwn.. merry iaugh,theanxious fear other friends, and ^aia, ",?he supposedshemust have been dreaming.'* ., Anyhowthe vision, or whatever ,it was, made alasting impression on the Queen's mind* and it wsta a-long'time before she conlfl visit'bttrtfavOurite apirit again.'••••' r with' this subject, it ' ^ ^- 'Aenfitmid 'that the original r /ji.- w ith xpiiny : more iiejx ghost legend ppnnected with thpjjwt The legend was that oil the -twelfth day of every November, the ghost of th« founder of the family (who had boon cruelly murdered by an. unkho#n hand), appeared in otie or otherof the ajrtirtmetits Of the faftiily residence, presumlably still Hearohing for the murderer of his body, andarmedWitb the poieftainl of jhis assassin; and it is maintained to this iday, that the ghostly, visitor tp Queen Victoria in the Queen's room on this, eventful evening, Which strftigely happened to be a twelfth of November; was nonft bther than he. ' Whatever explanation can be given, it is a well-known fact among her intimate friends that the Queen always strongly objects to have the incident mentioned in her hearing, and it. is needless to say her wish is alwfeys respected. 