GENERAL HEWS. The Australian Smelting Company, Dry Creek, have received the following cable advice from their London agents, dated Friday, January 2G"Standard silver, 2s. 6£d. per oz.; soft Spanish lead, £9 Gs. 3d. per ton." The study and classification of seaweeds is not so popular or important a Ecience as that which deals with land plants, but it is not lacking in either in teachers or students who follow it up with enthusiasm. The coasts of South Australia are rich in algae, as all visitors to the seaside are aware. This is especially the case around Port Elliot, where Mies Hussey ba3 been devoting much time during the past two or three years to the collection and preservation of specimens. The young lady has forwarded these to Baron von Mueller, of Melbourne, who has accorded her every encouragement in the search for'rare varieties, both in land and marine botany. The Baron has forwarded the South Austra liao specimens to Professor Agardh, of Lund, in Sweden, who has made algology a study for 45 years. Among the specimens sent from South Australia the Swedish savant found 197 distinct varieties and of these two were en tirely new-. One of them he has named in honor of the finder "Chrysymenia Husseyana." Miss Hussey ha3 made a number of booklets containing beautiful specimens of the "flowers of the sea" artistically arranged, and has sold over 100 of them during the present season, the proceeds going to the Institute for the Blind. His Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor will open a bazaar in aid of the school and convent! at North Adelaide and Brompton on Tuesday afternoon at the North Adelaide In stitute. On Wednesday he will attend a meet ing of the Executive Council, and on Fri day will witness the performance of " The Silence of Dean Maitland," for Mr. Walter Bentley's benefit, at the Bijou Theatre. _ This afternoon the Treasurer, the Commis sioner of Public Works, aud several members of Parliament will leave for Morgan, where they will board a steamer coming down stream for the purpose of inspeetingsomeland whiehis considered suitable for village settlement. The party will reach Murray .Bridge on Wednes day and the city probably on Wednesday evening. Mr. C. Jobson, the late resident engineer of the Beetaloo waterworks, who also acted in the same capacity for the Broken Hill Water Supply Company, has been engaged by the Western Australian Government to make pro vision for a water supply at ■ Coolgardie by erecting large dams to form reservoirs. The scene of operations will first be within 20 miles of Coolgardie gold fields. Mr. Charles Bennett, works manager at Beetaloo and Broken Hill under Mr. Jobson, will leave Port Adelaide on Tuesday by the New Guinea to assist in a similar capacity at Coolgardie, and Mr. B. Daly, contractor, with 43 horses and drays and and a number of men, will accompany him. A quantity of plant and a number of men have been sent, and it is expected that the comple tion of the work will occupy from six to nine months. Mr. R. Borest recently wrote on behalf of a large number of residents in and around Port Wakefield to Mr. J. W. Castine, M.P., asking for his Bupport in urging the Government to purchase the "Bowman estate" from the Eng lish, Scottish, and Australian Bank for utilisa tion for village settlements. The property contains 10,100 acres and comprises some of the best land in the district, with an abundant supply of good water obtained from a well on the River Wakefield, which runs through the estate. Water is laid on to nearly all the pad dooksby pipes, which afiord anabundantsupply for all purposes. Mr. Castine communicated with the bank and ascertained that th6 price asked for the land is £20,000, being under £2 per acre. This he considered a great bargain, considering the value of the property aud its close proximity to Port Wakefield. The Government, however, state that they have no power to purchase and no funds are available for the purpose. The monthly meeting of the South Aus tralian Commercial Travellers' and Warehouse men's Association was held at the rooms, Grenfell-street, on Saturday evening. The president (Mr. J. W. Anne!la) occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance. The hon. treasurer (Mr. Heale) submitted the financial statement, whioh was regarded a3 satisfactory. The secretary was insrruoted to write to Mr._L. P. Lawrence, vice-patron of the association, conveying the heartfelt sympathy of the members with him ana his family on the death of Mrs. Lawrence. Messrs. George Scarfe, Richard Smith, and David Murray were unanimously elected life mem bers, and the foliowing were chosen ordinary members:—Messrs. J. Taylor, H. Newman, C. E. Hall, Philip Tod, A. E. Norton, and R. Miller. Mr. J. F. Conigrave was elected a club member. It was decided to have another outing shortly and to hold a musical evening on Thursday, February 8. The Staff-Office is making preparations for the Easter encampment, which promises to be of a successful character. Arrangements are being considered whereby Brigade-Major Stuart will take charge of the Northern en campment. The Lancers paraded at the Staff-Office on Saturday afternoon for drill. There was a fairly good muster, 40 men being present, and Major Rowell was in command. Prior to leaving the ground a presentation of a handsomely - mounted and , appropriately-in scribed riding whip wasmadetodergeantt-Major Anderson, ot A Battery, in acknowledgment of his valuable services to the members of the Lancers' Narza Baza Club. The presentation was made by Major Rowell in a few words, and Sergeant-Major Anderson suitably re sponded. Afterwards the Lancers marched to the foot of Montefiore Hill, where they were put through a number of exercises by Major Rowell. The attendances at the Oyclorama Saturday were again very large, and the inte rest evinced in the magnificent picture of the Battle of Waterloo wa3 great. The ghost of Napoleon and the enchanted fountain were the subjects of warm admiration, and the whole entertainment was received with enthusiastic applause. Mr. F. Basse has forwarded £72 7s. 3d. to Mr. Jno. Drummond, hoc. secretary of the South Australian Caledonian Society, this amount being the society's share of the pro ceeds of the Burns birthday festival held at the ■-Continentals on Thursday last. 