THE WAY OF THE WORE®. Political Pepper and Social Salt. (1 V , (BY THE HEN EDITOR.") Tin: groat " Loan " hand, played by all the powers, will load to a goneral clear out j shortly. "Borrow or Bust" 1b tho motto of the modorn nations. Whon Borrowing roachoB its limit, tlion will como the . Bust. I intend to tako trip to the Fish River Cavo3 about that timo. Haying no hand in tho destiny of these bankrupt nations, I don't want to bo about at the time of their destruction. " Since tho Koid Government set firm tho patriot boom has quite subsided. The patriot, like other things, is subject to tho law of supply and duinnnd. 'When tlaero is demand (in the shape of a genoral- oloction), the supply is in excess. After tho political market ceases to bo agitated, tho patriot disappears for a time. His voice is no longer raised against " tyranny and injustico." He does not howl for reform and get his name in; the papers. He does not form himsolf into deputations and wait upon Cabinet Ministers. Ho does not put himsolf at the head of the unemployed or hold forth in the Domain. Ho does not even got into gaol n. vSirlifnAiio " iiutne '' IV the paid Parliament lias run its fall three yoars out the voice of tho patriot will oneo more bo hoard loud in the land. He will be iirod with a sudden dosire to bring about tho millennium, and' ho will get up on tho stump and howl. iji Ji 'There has been a great number oi shipwrecks in Australasian inters during the year 1891. Most of these, it has been clpimod, havo occurred through itaporfoct charting and a lack of knowledge concerning reefs, shoals, sunkon currents, &c.;, and siblon. The dangers of navigation would bo considerably lessoned if civilised Governments would spend a little more mouoy on coast and ocean surveys. Somo of tho subsidised cruisors might beiasily employed in sounding and charting in these waters. At presont they seem to divide the time between rusting idly in port, running ashore, and breaking down at sea. , 9 9 m The J.P evil in this colony has become a groater curse than the rabbits. J's.P. are now almost as thick as tho latter, and twice as troublesome. Each now Government considers it a kind of sacred duty to add a few thousand more names to the already over - swollen list of magistrates. Tho manner in which "justice " is dealt out in country places by somo of these iuflatod persons makes my blood curdle. Tho other day a country J.P. in" sentencing some alleged offender, pullod a loaded re volver from his pocket, and flourishing it about on the Bench, intimatod to all and sundry that ho was fully pre pared for gore. According to tho constitution, the J.P. ought to havo been rnn in on tho spot and locked up for the night. Next r day. ho shonld havo been brought up before himself and sentenced by himself to three months' hard fr | Carrying concealed weapons. Ho shojild also have mado some severe romarks upon his own conduct whilst pass ing sentence. A; New Zealand man has been fined 5s and 7s costs for having hugs on his premises. Thoy are getting On towards Socialism in New Zealand. When a man has to get out a licence or pay a fine for keeping a domestic bed-bug, the millen- . nium must be close handy. " e e The "New Woman " party are trying to get women admitted as barristers in Vic toria. 'No doubt they will succeed in time. After practicing as a barristoress, there is nothing to' prevent a Vietorionno becoming a judge-as. The she-judge would be a pleasant innovation iu law. " Her Honor here adjusted tho blaok cap and proceeded to pass sentence of doath upon the pri soner." It reads quite nicely, doesn't it? Then again, fancy Hor Honor sitting in Divorce ! o « e 8 A pootic little illusion about, a Mac- 8 donaldtown constable has boon rudely dis- 8 polled. Bobby was supposed to have dived | into a cesspit to rescue some school i childron accidentally immersed therein. . I This deed of exceptional valor now | appears to have been somewhat sabse- I quenfc in character. The other day tho "D.T." man made reference to tho constable's noble aud generous conduct,' and suggested that some suitable testi monial shonld bo awarded him. This brought a correspondent wildly on dock. Tho latter knocked the bottom out of the testimonial idea by freely informing the general public that the " Foorco " was not around untii after tho roscuing part of the biz was over, when ho " divosted him self of part of his clothing and walked through it." Am sorry that the poetry has been taken ont of tho incident, but think Robert shonld got his testimonial all tho same. # # According to tho cables. — Tho King of Italy told Zola on Monday last that none of tho European Powers desire war. Not cabled what Zola said. ' Jos.Symes, of Melbourne Libebatob, is up for criminal libol. In ordor to provont any possibility of a miscarriage of the trial, the Victorian Chief Justice asked the jurors if they wore Britishers or if thoy had been convicted of any crime! This look's lively for Jos, who is probably one of .jtbe most earnest cranks in Australia. 1 # What has become of Mr. A. S. 1J. Hoad ? The'New Anstralians are looking for liim, and Bay that he i3 not to be found. Would it be ribaldry to remark : — Let him alone and he'll como home And oarry his tale behind him ! Or have we really lost one of our foremost agitators and reformers ? 9 9 9 Interesting brevity from the D.T. : — "John Mackie, who bit off a constable's oar two years ago, was yesterday Bent to gaol for six months for assaulting Constable Vaughan, and using indecont language." John seems to have a sort of unreasoning down on the police j ho ought to remember that tho bobby is the bulwark of England's greatness. ® # 0 If the stupid people who rule this country with a great deal of noise want to do a real good they can establish an inebriate asylum. There is .an urgent and continual need fur such an insti-. tution. No one knows this bettor than those wlioso 'business takos them. to. the lower courts often. Timo after time known drunkards are brought before . tho magistrates and sentenced to short terms of imprisonment. A day or two after tho term of their incarceration ter minates these unfortunates are up again on tho old chargo, " dlirunk and disorderly," and so pass their livos botweon tho gaol and the gutter. Alcoholism, is a disoase that cannot bo cured at Darlinghurst. It requires special treatment. The establish ment of a Government Inebriate Asylum for such cases would bo an act of national humanity. It is as necessary as the estab lishing of anti-toxino dep6ts Hr public hos pitals. " "" ' » Soinobody has told Mr.' Carruthers, Minister for Lands, that : " there are poets in Sydney p'nrishing on the pavement." I should somewhat, rather, sniilo. Writing poetry is ' about tho most miserable occupation ' a man can tako to. The hours are long, and the remuneration mostly nil. In somo plftcos thoy pay »tlioir poots with honor. When you cannot get hash yon must be satisfied with honor : but bore tho bards don't even got honor/ And yet I know one or two living inon in Now South Wales who have the real fire. Poor devils ! It would have been a lot better for them had their line of gouius been running a toto, or carrying bricks, instead of building unrecognised rhymos and sonnets, or epics that will' nevor see tho printer's type. « About tho funniest thing in the spook exposure is ' the spiteful and frantic at- tempts made by Sydney spiritualists to prove that Hosking is only a conjuror. One would think, from the way those deluded fools havo been attacking the clover spook-raiser in print, that he had been ntieiupting to pass off his stage- ghosts as t ho real M'Kay. Hosking is an honest tnodiuui. He admits that Cissio and the rest are only deceptions. Tho "spiritualistic" medium, even when caught on its knees playing "Cissio" to an appreciative house, will not con fess tho truth, but spins a de lirious yarn about its attenuated legs. The rudeness of tho base deceiver who did the trick is also brought in to raise sympathy with a bowled-out imposture. Spiritualism ought to put its hoad in a bag. Only persons of weak or warped ' intellects can continue to believe in a patent frand that has been exploded over and over again during the last decade. " ...» # » It would be interesting to know how many actions at law tho Government have boon forced into defending by dissatisfied contractors during tho past five years. Tho total cost of these actions must be something like half a million. ' -It is pretty rough that we have to pay high for getting our work done and then part up again because tho people who undertake it aro not satisfied with what thoy got. A step can be put to all this expensive litigation by inserting clauses in all Government contracts by which contractors will be hound not to come up with a writ when the job is done. » The Dibbs-Hutton fracas was rovived during the debate on the Military Esti mates. Streak of dialogue from'. IIan- sabd : — Mr. A. Chapman : Did you over threaten to put tho Goneral under arsjb,? Sir Geo. Bibbs : Very likely. (Laughter). . Crikey! What n narrow escapo wo had from a big sensation. Fancy if Sir. George had had the Boss Warrior lumbered 1 It wonld have boen a cheerful and inspiring spoctoclo to soo tho Commander-in-Chief of all the infantry and - artillery aud cavalry boing draggod off to No. 1 by a couple of constables with a lot of whoop ing gutter urchins in the rear. There is going to be a nice washing of dirty political linon over the C.S. appoint ments made during tho Dibbs regimd. # # Tho Northumberland Banking Company of Newcastle has paid a total dividend of Gd in the £. The failure of this company is said to havo ruined hundreds of people in the Northern districts. » Robert Louis Stevenson has gono whitherward. Immediate cause, apoplexy. primary cause, overwork. Steven son, like other recent novelists, went in wisely, but net too woll, for making hay while the snn shone. The sun of literary popularity is so erratic in the shining nowadays that a man cannot afford to lose any chances. As'"a rulo, it takes years and years of hard linck work to mako a success in literature. If you do chance to come.it will most likely bo after you aro pretty well worn out. You got a decent price for your work then, and not till then — and you work yourself blind to make your pile. When you have made your pile you die. Sucli are tho bitter sweets of literature. Raising pigs is less wearing and more profitable. # Let _ us thank Heaven tliat there is a surplus somewhere in Australasia. The year 1894 has been a prosperous one for Fiji, and the revenue for the twelve months will show a surplus of nboiib -S7000 over expenditure. Suppose we subscribe a thousand quid for exs., and send George Roid down to Fiji to take a lesson in the art of raising a surplus ? » # 9 Adelaide ladies havo taken up a public collection in order to provide the village settlements with a Christmas dinner. Vic torian and N.S.W. village settle ments aro too far gono for that. The glorions principle of putting the people on the land is gaining ground — in the cemeteries. « 'Tis. the way of the world. Trouble and disaster is always with us, and some of the many evil happenings that have occurred during the last twelve months are faithfully pourtrayod by our artists in the sketch which appears on this page. The untimely death of the auto cratic Ruler of all tho Russias, tho revolts in India and Thibet, f.liA ARRfLflRinfif.mn nf Vraoirlnnf: Carnot, the disturbances in Africa, the war between China and Japan, the Royal Tar episode, the deplorable deaths and disaster occasioned by tho wreck of tho Wairarapa, and tho Redfern railway accident, all find a place in tho sphere. Ah, mo! 'tis indeed a weary world ! And yet there aro many amongst us who still aver that life, with all its attendant troubles, is still worth tho living. 9 9 9 "What do you chargo to wash a shirt ?" inquired the young matron, unaccustomed to the cares of housekeeping, of hor new laundress. " What kind of a shirt, ma'am ?" asked the dame of tho suds, with her mind on outing shirts, dross shirts, 'neglig&s;, and the various other possibilities in that line. " A dirty shirt, of course 1 " replied the blushing girl, and the matron of the iron- mould fell in a faint. # # # Stranger : " What price do you sot on that red cow of yours ?" Mr. Haycode : " See here, mister, air you a assessor or has she boeu run over by the railroad ?" 9 9 9 A special Now Year's issue of tho Bibd o' Feeedom will bo published, on Saturday, December 29. It willanWimipeid'SfljtfWritton matter, full of interest, and will bottihlborately illustrated. 