£LE€TRIC SP A»K«. . j [Correspondence intended for Insertion in tin a column must have ixair»e atd address of vrijcr attached, but not fur publication.] See Y.M.S. assembly next Friday night. Dawson Bros, will wrestle for the Keiief Fund. Some good snake stories told at the Bad bum banquet. The Mayor will not fiat on the gloves next Friday night. *T*,« An1-T ime T^;.1v #iti inl) last night as conductor. ' Visit to the Shaughrann,' hy Critical, held over till next week. Re ** Grceping Caesar, the Editor says he's altogether out of the swim. Richmond was amongst the prophets — no, the ghosts, on Mouday night. The boards of St Joseph's will be epscially greased for next Friday night. Vat AJcShane wiil knock cut Bill White for the Mayor's relief on Friday next. The Prince of Wales says that Mark Twain isn't a patch on 14 Creeping Caesar.' The Mayor wiU tak* part in a sparring contest next Friday nig lit at the Town HalL For the -Mayor'b Keiief Fand Will Craw ford will indulge in comicalities at the Town Hall — 6th pro?. Bank holiday on Monday to rt j-acC over Separation from N.S W. Funny; and yet we are .trying to crane together again. - \- ^iit gentleman 'rfiolorpot-the poetay ^at 1 the Port Melbourne Debating Society waats a candle to go and find it. — 'The Howl' ? again. The conductor at Sfc. Joseph's school -hall last night was the acme of gracc and deport ment as lie handed the ladies on to the stage. Tuckcr. — This Is rather a suggestive name in connection with a relief coucsrt — and he *' Wants to buy old hats and shots ' for the same object. A heir to the British throne born. We are afraid shat we must say with *Mr« Suazelle — ' Thou are so near and yet so for away '3 — from the throne. Philadelphia. Ath'etic Clab in gQGd form for the coming big entertainment. Yo cau get a front or bick seat ticket any night in the week at the Club's room. The celebrated Matthias Larkin is to be brought before the South Melbourne Court on the llih prox,, charged with stealing £?i --98, and also embezzling £1446, and £500. A mof-t original contribution appears in these columns under the signature of ' Creep ing Caesar.*' It is so completely original that nobody in this ofiicc can tell exactly what it means. It's about time that the irrepressible K. gave np repeating state poetiy. If he is determined not to give it up, let him learn, and sometimes repeat the following : — Men may coiue And men may got But I go on for ever. 