T HE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If perchance I shall speak a little jocosely, you will kindly allow me that privilege.” The visit to the Upper Murray and Mitta districts of the Minister of Mines is expected to prove pregnant of good results to the local mining industry. Mr. M'Coll, who, by-the way, has earned the character of being a “ real, live Minister,” has seen during his recent tour enough to con vince him of 'the fact that this district affords scope for big developments in various sections of the mining in dustry. If promises go for anything at all—and it must be said that Mr. M’Coll’s remarks had about them a ring of sincerity—it will not bo through any fault of the present Minister if the development of our mineral resources is not substantially assisted by the Government. Under the M'Coll regime much has been done in this direction by means of cutting tracks in ordor to give pro spectors access to the penetralia of the colony in their search for hidden treasure; and the remark mado by the hon. gentleman at the Mittn Mitta banquet, “ that it would not be his fault if this district were not * gridironed’ with tracks,” may be accepted as an earnest of his intention to continue in tho good work so liberally undertaken, in the miners’ interest. Mr. M'Coll is avory obser vant man, and no doubt, in bis run through the district, ho has perceived and has had brought under his notice many matters, tiie knowledge of which will assist him in drafting a comprehensive and far - reaching mining bill, which will tend to remove many of the vexatious disabilities under which the individual miner pursues his vocatiou. If for no other reason than for affording tho Minister of Mines an opportunity of carrying out his good intontions in the interests of the industry of which ho is tho tutelary genius, it may be hoped that the Patterson Government will survive the intrigues of office-seekers and the battles of the " ins” and the “outs,” and so be enabled to prosecute their aims and aspirations towards inaugur ating a new ora of progress and prosperity. The street drains at Tallangattn afford subject for perennial complaint. There can be no doubt that tho state of the channels, especially during the summer months, is highly discredit able to the town and the Shire Council. The Cologne-liko odors which emanate from the earthen channels would seem to offer a high premium for the settlement in our midst of King Typhoid The town’s immunity from a visit of that lethal monarch is indeed inoomprekonsiblo, when wo come to consider the little trouble or total absence of pains taken to stall him off. True, the daymen are put on periodically to clear out tho filthy accumulations; but these are generally “ tipped” on some vacant low- lying allotment in the heart of the town, there to remain a menace to the public health. Arid the clearing-out process seems to have the effect o£ deepening tiie drains and lessening the infinitesimal fall which obtains in the streets, and which is a great bar to the proper drainage of the town. At present the liquid refuse of the households iB shot into the street channels, where it remains to be absorbed or evaporated. But pending its absorption or evaporation, it undergoes changes which render it objectionable to the olfactories anil highly hurtful to health. Tho Council is frightened from works of improve ment by tho gaunt spectre of an attenuated purse. Let tis hope tha: the local body may not huvo to bo frightened into decisive action by the ghosts of typhoid-stricken ratepayers, victims of the present policy of pro crastination! If tho money for this work can’t be raised in any other way, the local body should consider the propriety of floating a loan for tho purpose, as was advocated in this column some two years ago. “What has posterity done for us,” that we should shrink from imposing on them a share of the burden of a permanent public work of this sort ? PASQUIN. 