ABOUT SUICIDES. ••If you attctnpt, desperately, and ungratefully, end impiously, and fraudulently attempt, to drown yourself, or fcanij yourself, I'll have no pity on you, for I have made up my mind to Put all suicide Down." Thus Alderman Cuts in The Chimes," one of the most delightful of Dickens's Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course, only one of the rcany things -which the worthy Alderman had determined to Put J)jwn. The Irifc included " boys without shoeB and stockings," " wandering mothers, wttifc tables" all young mothers, of sH sorts and kinds;" "all sick persons =and young children," etc But above anil before all these nuisances, the good mm placed suicide. " If there is one thing," said the Alderman with his satisfied smils, on which 1 can be said to have tntde up my mind more than another, itiis—to put Suicide Down. So don't try it on." An unhappy being who, -worn out with an agonising struggle againstcrcel fortune,despondent and hopeless, had Attempted to take his own life, was recently -sent to gaol for three months. The fatt seems to suggest that the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, who passed the sentence, is quite as determined as Alderman Cute to Pat Down--suicide. Men look on approvingly and say, "It's a very proper thing. Suicide must be Put Downl" How? Well, as Hamlet remarked at a critical point in his soliloquy on . the same subject, " That is the question!" Plainly the subject is double-sided. There is the social—i,e , the State— cspect of it, and there is the relieious. With the latter a Supreme Court judge las little to do. His duty is to administer tinman law, and the Legislature has declared attempted self-murder to be a crime meriting punishment. Not often, however, is punishment actually imposed. Bather does mercy largely season the exercise of earthly power in such cases. Seldom does an offender go beyond a court of the first instance. Usage is kinder than the law. The magistrate having satisfied himself that the accused is repentant, and that friends are prepared to look after "him, says a few words of sympathetic admonition, and sends him back to "make the best of both worlds." Or, finding that the degree of insanity, of irhich the tendency to suicide is usually a symptom, is such as renders the course necessary, he commits his poor, brokendown brother man to a suitable asylum. George Westhorpe was exceptionally treated on being committed for trial. He was yet more exceptionally dealt with, after pleading guilty, in being sent to caol, there to try to learn the lesson set him by the Chief Justice—" that responsibilities and troubles were sent upon people to teach them to cnltivat* what was one of the nobler parts of man, endurance under affliction." Poor Westhorpe I One might imagine that in his fifty years of life he had already learned as much of that lesson * as he was ever likely to assimilate. Yet not well enough had he learned it, appears to hare been the judicial idea. To brand him ss a criminal, to herd him with thieves aDd vagabonds, with men who had* deceived and robbed their fellows, with brutal foetpads and child i-iolaters—this presumably is held to be a goad way of impressing the lesson on his memory. His Honor will pardon us a suspicion that the sense of disgrace which this decent and honest, though weak, man must now feel may, when he emerges from a felon's cell, operate on his mind as an additional motive to suicide. The learned judge admitted that the man'B offence was induced " without his having the desire to injure anyone else," and then dilated npon the interest the State had in discouraging moral cowardice. So it has in discouraging lies (political and other), unchastity, and all uncharitableness—all that is unlovely in the human character The interest of the State is undoubted, bat how does it come more than nominally into question In a case of attempted suicide 1 " I do not believe," remarks a recent writer on the subject, "that any man -was ever deterred from suicide by the reflection that it is a felony." Given the state of mind in which a man seriously attempts his own life, what human penalty can he possibly fear? Besides, as Mr W. S. I/illey asks in the current number of the "Contemporary Beview," what is the true rationale of punishment ? It is first vindictive. "The proper account of punishment," rays Mr Lilley, "is that it is correlative of culpability." If a man has no desire to injure anyone else, in s-hat does his culpability consist ? The Chief Justice furnishes the answer. "Westhorpe has a wife and three children dependent npon him. " Instead of seeking to carry out your responsibility," said the judge, "you deprived them of their bread winner and the comfort of your experience and knowledge of the world." Apart from the fact that this is precisely what for three months the law has now done, it seems a sound reason why the man ought to have been prosecuted for attempted desertien of his family, and required to find sureties that he would not leave them, either by the avenue of suicide or any other. Possibly the sureties would have been forthcoming had they been asked for. On the ethics of sucide how much has heen said and written ! Last year Mr William Archer contributed to an inter* esting discussion on the subject in the " Westminster Gazette." He boldly pronounces against "medieval superstition against self-effacement" as "a ghost which goes gibbering through the world and the newspapers with no real -vitality in it, and declares his inability to find a prohibition against suicide in scripture." This though Hamlet, apparently on some authority, says that the Everasting has fixed iiia canon 'against self-slaughter." Mr Archer is an altogether dreadful person. He would have the State " provide the man who was tired of life with a place and mechanism for patting his body away in a decent and self-respecting fashion." Nothing more creepy could be imagined—except it be that extraordinary suicide story told t>y CouIsob Kernahac, in his "Book of Strange Sins." The -Thole situation is finely put in Dryden's Don Sebastian, • which Mr Archer alludes, albeit that the casuist finds a strained interpretation for the last two lines. Here are the poet's noble words:— Death maybe eall'd in vain and oannot come. If or has a Christian privilege to die. Brutus and C&to; might discharge their souls, And give 'em furlough for another world ; But we, like sentries, are obliged to stand In starless nights, and wait the appointed hour. ^Chere is the line of duty macked out •clear and true. But what says the shade •1 Dry den to giving a man three months' gaol because the poor battered spirit £ra«r weak enough to imagine thaf;the ^ajgjointed time" had actually arrived*! 