An Extraordinary Story. About three years ago (says the Dubbo Despatch) Peter Stein, a* hard-headed German, sold property he possessed in the Wagga Wagga district, and, with his family, came to Dubbo in search of land. He and his son Jacob took up two '; areas of 2560 acres each on the Coalbaggie. The selec tions arc rather isolated. Jacob's is on the auuiucru part ui lac run, ziuu uivrc wub, when it was taken up an old hut upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult, soils, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the erection of a commodious residence on his land, about three miles away. The Steins were no s«oner settled down — the father and family in their new house, and Jacob at his hut — than they heard at night strange voices, loud coocyings, and awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or selectors more merry than sensible, they took little notice ot them. These sounds were. only heard at intervals — a fortnight or thr.ee^.efi^s intervening between their occurrencel;!;1™jyS however, took' place so regularly thatthjSlc^fe of ndisjr roysterers was given up. ' Atfo^g^ months ago there were further developments/ and, according to the family, strange mani festations. The furniture in Peter Stain's house became as if possessed. Itjumped about in all directions, and on one occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extraordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was baking in the kitchei one day, and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the floor. These things have kept on from then till no.v, but with the further development that the person respon sible — whether spirit of Plcaven or goblin damned — has frequently interviewed, and has had conversations with, the severalmem bers of the family. Evidently the presence is not of the regular type for it docs no wait till the ** witchinp hoin' when rrrnvnvaivls yawn and ghosts troop forth,' but comes along in broad daylight and talks to the family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor has said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother who was Annie, and his sister, who was called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run — that his father died in the Cootamundra hospital iS years ago — that he (the speaker) had been hithpon the head and left for dead on the road — that he had been saved— and had subsisted on herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the elder Stein he replied that if he did those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According to the Steins — and all, from the i father to the youngest child, tell the same unvarnished tale — the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as soft as a woman — indeed it would be difficult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes uearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one per lormed all Rinds ot pranks. It casts tomahawks and knives about with the grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. One night, while the family were engaged rectii ??* the Rosary— they are Roman Catholics, and retain the simple devotional habits of f'-n Rhineland — the table round which they knelt was suddenly mieu luwuiub luu ucuiu^ ami men aiiuweu to come down with a heavy thud. So annoying have been the manifestations that the young fellow who came from Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowdcn, employed by them, ! has also left, saying that if he were given i the selection he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly mysterious, and, however the sceptical may be iiiclmcd t:- laugh at it, the^e is not. our iilor'iiarit states, the slightest doubt that everyo.ie of: the family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family, has the same story to tell. Mrs. Stein, who is an English lady, . with no tendency to the superstitious, is as ? convinced as she is of her existence that the place is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's request, the Very Rev. Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he investigated the affair as far as possible, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, and talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry should take place. 