ABOUT SUICIDES. ‘•If you attempt, desperately, and un gratefully, and impiously, and fraudu lently attempt, to drown yourself, or hang yourself, I’ll have no pity on you, for I have made up my mind to Put all [ suicide Down.” Thus Alderman Oute in ! “ The Chimes,” oue of the most delight ful of Dickens’s Christmas stories. Suicide was, of course, only ono of the many things which the worthy Alderman had determined to Put Down. The list included “ boys with out shoes and stockings,” “ wandoring mothers, with babies j” “all young mothers, of all sorts and kinds;” “all sick persons and young children,” etc. But above and before all these nuisances, the good man placed suicide. “ If there is one thing,” said the Alderman with his satisfied smile, “ on which 1 can be said to havo made up my mind more than another, it is—to put Suioide Down. So don’t try it on.” An unhappy being who, worn out with an agonising struggle againstcruelfortuno,despondent and hope less, had attempted to take his own life, was recently sent to gaol for three mouths. The fact seems to suggest that the Chief Justice, Sir John Madden, who passed the sentence, is quite as determined as Alderman Cute to Put Down suicide. Men look on approvingly and sav, “It’s a very proper thing. Suicide'must bo Put Down 1” How? Well, ns Hamlet remarked at a critical point in bis soliloquy on _ tho same subjoct, “That is tho questionl1* Plainly the subjoot is doublo-sided. There is tho social—i.e , the State—* aspect of it, and there is the religious. With the latter a Supremo Court judge has little to do. His duty ia to administer liuuian law, and the Legislature has de clared attempted self-murder to bo a crime meriting punislimont. Not often, however, is punishment actually im' posed. Rather does mercy largely season the exercise of eavthly power in such cases. Seldom does an offender go beyond a court of tho first instance. Usage' iB kinder than the law. Tho magistrate having satisfied himself that tho accused is repentant, and that friends arc proparod to look after ! him, says a few words of sympathetic ndmonition, and sends him back to “make tho best of both worlds.” Or. finding that the degreo of insanity, of which the tendency to suicide iB usually a svmptom, is such as renders tho course necessary, he commits his poor, broken down brother man to a suitable asylum.. Georgo Westhorpo was exceptionally - treated on being committed for trial. He wasyet moro exceptionally dealt with, after pleading guilty, in being sent to gaol, there to try to learn tho lesson set him by the Chief Justice—“ that respon sibilities and troubles were sent upon people to teach them to cultivate what was one of the nobler parts of man, en durance under affliction.” Poor Wes thorpo ! One might imagine that in his fifty years of life lie had already learned as much of that lesson „ as he was ever likely to assimilate. Yet not well enough had ho learned it, appenrs to have been the judicial idea. To brand him as a criminal, to herd him with thieves and vagabonds, with men who had decoived and robbed their fellows, with brutal foetpads and child violaters—this presumably iB held to bo o. good way of impressing the lesson on Ilia memory. His Honor will pardon us ft suspicion that the sense of disgrace which this decent and honest, though weak, man must now feel may,, when ho craorges from a felon’s cell, operate on his mind as an additional motive to suicide. The learned, judge admitted that the man’s offenc© was induced “ without hiB having the de sire to injure anyone else," and then di lated upon the interest the State had in diacouraging moral cowardice. So it has in discouraging lies (political and other)., unebastit-y, and all uncharitableness—all that is unlovely in the human character The interest of the State is undoubted, but how does it come more than nominally • into question in a case of attempted suicide ? “ 1 do not believe,” remarks a recent writer on tho subjoct, “ that any man was ever deterred from suicido by the ra fleetion that it is a felony.” Given the state of mind in which a man seriously • attempts his own life, what human penalty can ho possibly fear? Besides, as Mr W. S. Lilloy asks in the current number of tho “Contemporary Re view,” what is tho true rationale of punislimont ? It is first vindictive. “ The proper account of punishment,” says Mr Lilloy, “is that it is correla tive of culpability.” If a man has no desire to injure anyone else, in what does his culpability consist ? The Chief Jus tice furnishes tho answer. Westhorpe has a wife and three children dependent upon him. “ Instead of seeking to carry out your - responsibility,” said tho judge, “you deprived them of their bread winner nnd the comfort of your experience and knowledge of the world.” Apart from the fact that this is precisely what for three months tho law has now done, it scorns a sound, reason why tho man ought to have been, prosecuted for attempted desertion of his family, and required to find sureties thab he would not leave them, either by the avenue of suicide or any other. Possibly the sureties would have been forthcoming had they been asked for. On the ethics of sucide how much has been said and written 1 Last year Mr William Archer contributed to an in tor* eating discussion on the subject in the “ Westminster Gazette." He boldly pronouncesngninst “medieval superstition against self-effacement" as “ a ghost which gees gibbering through the world and tho newspapers with no real vitality in it, and declares liis inability to find ii prohibition against suioide in scripture.’1 This though Hamlet, apparently on some authority, says that the Everasting has “ fixed his cauon 'against self-slaughter.’1 Mr Archer is an altogether dreadful person. He would have the State “ pro vide tho man who was tired of life with a place and mechanism for putting his body away m a decent and self-respecting fashion.” Nothing more creepy could be imagined—except it be that extra ordinary suioide story told by Coulsom Kernahan, in his “Book of Strange - Sins.” Tho whole situation is finely put in Dryden’s Don Sebastian, which Mr Archer alludes, albeit that the casuist finds a strained interpretation for tho lost two^liuos. Hero are the poet’s noble Death may be call’d in vain and cannot como,. Nor has a Christian privilege to die. Bratus and Oato might discharge their souls, And give ’em furlough for nuolher world ; But we, like sentries, are obliged to stand In Btarlcss niehts, and wait tho appointed hour, There is the line of duty marked out clear and true. But what says the shad© of Dryden to giving a man three months’ gaol becauso the poor battered spirit grow weak enough to imagine that th® - “appointed timo” had actually arrivod! The late Marshal ICacMahon first met his wife while saving her from a fire at: the risk of his own life. 