CATHOLIC NOTES. Tex following wen ordained priests by Dr. M'Cormack, Bishop of 0*1 way, on 24th • June:—Bev. P. Bafferty, Melbourne; Bev. John Forde, Melbourne; Bev. M. Jones, Ballarat; Bev. J. O'Beflly, Sandhurst; Bev. T. O'Brien, Sydney; Bey. T. Strong, Perth. The following were raised to deaoonship:— Bev. T. Brae and Bev. J. O'Gorman, Sydney; Bev. P. 0*Leary, Goulbnm; Bev. J. M'Auliffe, Maitland; Ben. H. O'Shea and J. Drayne, Perth. To snb-deaoonship J. Casey, 8ydney; Mr. Flynn, Brisbane. The following wen ordained to orders on 19th May by tin 2 Gahray:—Timothy M'Kaogb, Melbourne; Henry Nolan, Ballatat; J. J. Leonard, (toolbars; John O'Plynn, Maitland; and Thomas Lane, Brisbane. To Fr. Duff the first church on the Ooolgardie Western Australia. He baa (says the WJL Record), in faot, erected tnnah '•'"hp The first of these was ot oanvas, bat this haa way to a mora pretentions shoogalvauiaed iron* Aehnrsb inSoolbeiu Onm is another enterprise wbiah ha haste A eooaidembla sum forthbpiirpose f been collected, and it la not that thin will benAiiMb in prtrridlng tha wbole amount required. It is evident that ma the arduous work of dtag iroa nA to rash on a btayale, ft Msg too sapsaaln tokaep a boras, doea whole o( his energies by any Ho Grace the Most Bev. Dr. Oarr, the eloquent Archbishop of Melbourne, will, in St. Benedict's Hall, Sydney, on Monday, 20th Aui—' J ~ ,! — * • light pictures, showing some of the finest examples of Irish art, inelading the famons Tara Brooch, some of the grand old Celtic crosses, and specimens of illumination and carving. The Cardinal-Archbishop will reside, supported by the Arobbishops and Stishops, who are to be in Sydney on the date mentioned, and it is expeoted there will be a very large attendance of the laity. Catholicism is evidently making great progress in the Oceanio isleB, where the aealons Marist Fathers have been toiling for some years with wonderful results. A late announcement from these missionary fields is to the effect that 2000 of the native population recently embraced the faith at one time, and that many mora conversions we" certain. ; Thbbb are about 160,000 negro Catholics jinthe United States; there are 21 sisterhooda teaohing in 108 schools over 8000 negroes. Four oommnnities are eBpeoially devoted to the negroeB—the SiBters of St. Francis; the Sisters of the Holy Ghost, San ;Antonio, Texas; the Sisters of the Blessed Sacrament, Mother Catherine Drexel's community; and the Mission Helpers of Baltimore. St. Joseph's Seminary of Baltimore and its feeder, the Epiphany College, Highland Park, Baltimore, are training young apen for the negro missions. i Tra dedication, by Cardinal Gibbons, at $oek Creek, Md., of a memorial chapel to the MoBt Bev. John Carroll, the first Bishop of the see of Baltimore, is an event of interest to the whole Catholio world. From this «pot, Bock Creek, the Bev. Dr. Carroll ruled tne Catholic churches in America from his appointment as Prefect Apostolio, in 1784, until his seleotion, ten years later, as Bishop of Baltimore, the first see erected in America; • wid Rock Creek is very likely to become the destination of Amenoui pilgrims who wish to visit the shrine erected to perpetrate the virtues of the first member of the Catholio hienrahy of the United States. The shrine commemorating the life and work of the Patriarch of the American Church is of interest to the whole Catholio world, but espeoislly to Amerioan Catholics. Archbishop Carroll was a patriot as well as a churohman, and like his distinguished cousin, Charles Carroll, of Carrollton, had no small share in the achievement of Amerioan Independence. CabmnaZi Mokah's story of the progress that the Catholio Church (says the Tablet) has made in Australia doubtless will prove a rSo^Tt^8™3Slta whfr^lioft^ ^ V t r S i S r n ' r e c o J n S 'dney brings to that task. Tax Irith Catholic says that the news that M. Carnot died a Catholic was most disagreeable to the Masonic sect, and onr contemporary adds:—Since their attempts to deny this fact have failed, they have endeavoured now to prove that Carnot was never baptised. CiBonu£ Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster, in a letter to Dr. Darby, the secretary of the Peace Society, writes:—" The oreation of public opinion in fsvoor of arbitration, peace, and disarmament for peace should be our aim, not only throughout England, but throughout Europe and the world. I trust that before long this idea will be taken up and heralded forth with the power and authority whioh will command universal attention, and finally universal 1 r r ^ S t Z n i S to do but to go on industaoufdy fonning pnblio opinion. In this course I send you every blessing." As may be conceived, the death of the S T i ^ ^ J S f rf the engrossing topic of convwsation here, and has been made the occasion of mam- ^ T S ^ ^ Z ^ vLSFSSZ ^ J S T G o u l fS^' ^"LSSV! And we hope teat the fact Man aogoryof peace. The Holy Father did not fail to give expression to his deep ngnt, boA ^Su SS fc^JfcSf^ tha ™ ^iM timf that the head ot one of the fonr great Powers (France, Austria, S^" 6 VtEZ&ST;: Spay, and Po^l hasdyd^^t a royal fatle, and vn^ nli^^toolaU^ it baa been eonjectured 'Or not the Pwae wonld institute a preeed^t, artfc grant the bonoar of a Solemn Bfqaietn la the Sixtioc Oi^d. It Is thooaht anlihe^in hich onoUsisrtinal quarters. >Pn Satorday, 80th June, Coont Lsfsbre . BMiaina, Standi Ambassador to tha Vatiean, aooght and obtained a private audience with Iba SMy piithfr, In orftt to present him withi tha thanks ot the French Government lor the wpressions of sympathy given by tha Pops on the oocasion of the President's On Tuesday, Kth Jam, Sir Fraoeis Clare JML bm Majesty's Ambaasador in viaited, with his Graee to* Hen. and Maat Bav. Mgr. Stooor, the devoted to tha OathoUo nbjeots ot Qaeon Tisfcrls BisBxsrilsocy was aeoompaniad liy Mr. Edaatta, First Beentaryof Legation. She Ambaaasdw siprsssul himaeit MM^a with his visit aod the manner in vMflh ha was neshed, eokcWng 1 ot fee aottsgas. Iff the afternoon of Sunday, 24th Jane, in the Consistory Hall, his Holiness reoeived about 260 young girls belonging to the Catechetical Institute called Gattana Agnesi, the president of which is Mgr. Nicolo Marini. An address was read, and the Holy Father replied in terms ot affection and encouragement. During the week his Holiness accorded private audienoes to the Bishops of Ischia, Chalons, and of Caritiba in Brazil. Miss Bora GcLnoH, daughter of General Oallom, whose nephew is Senator Callom, of Illinois, was baptised and reoeived into the Church on Easter Sunday at Chattanooga. In the ancient city of Nuremberg, an old stronghold of Lutheranism, the Catholios reoeived permission from the Protestant magistrate to hold a procession on Gorans Cbristi Day. This has not occurred before since 1624. Thbbb are about 1191 religious papen in the United States. Baptists have 181; Methodists, 178; Boman Catholics, 184; Protestant Episcopalians, 76; Presbyterians, 73; the Evangelical denominations, 71; Lutherans, 69; Congregationalists, 83; undenominational, 216, while the balanoe is distributed among about a dozen ether denominations. Thk Federal Council has rejeoted the bill authorising the re-admission of the Jesuits into Germany, but has consented to the measure admitting the order of the BSdemptoristB. Thb London correspondent of the Irith writes:—"A usually well-informed TOmspondent 'inforais""^^"^that"^aStrongly representative body of ot English clergymen are now in Borne in consultation with the Vatican authorities as to the beBt preliminary conditions on which a scheme of reconciliation might be constructed. In the forefront of all the validity of English orders is to be submitted to the scrntiny of a joint eommission, whose report thereupon is to be accepted as final. If the question should be given agai nBt the recognition ot the 0i aj ms 0f the Anglioan community, I understand that no fewer than three ot its bishops and about seven hundred of its humbler ministers have undertaken, under certain conditions, the Boman obedience. These conditions include a stipulation that the Anglican clergy of the standing ot prieBts BTe to receive admission to the corresponding order in the Boman Church within three years from their secession. The existing marriages of priests are to be recognised, bnt no marriage or remarriage in the future is to be allowed." Tan solemn ceremony ot religions profession took place in St. Franois Xavier's Churob, 'Wentworth, N.S.W., on the 28th in the presence of a Urge congregation. ^ ^ oatbe Mtan ot the religions staie, and congratulated the Sistera upon the good work theyfwere doing at Wentworth. In the visitation address on Sunday, 29th, Dr. Dunne expressed himself well pleased at the progress made in the sehools sinee the examinations last year. Fn. Biltok, of Brisbane, who passed through Melbourne en route some time sinoe, has reached the old country safely. Tbs first Bedemptorist college foe theology and philosophy in America is about to be established at Montreal, Canada. Thk July number ot the Irith Eccletiattical Record states that the centenary of the great National College of Maynooth'will ooeur in ; the j QDe 0f next year, and is likely to be a celebration, T . ^ n^rf, Jmmat llth August has made the following Mrangem8n£ :_Js nild„ t mh August— 1 ri?-T u 8* H,, ? u * D .. . - ™ - . \- .j.... gj. ! SrtLa 1 wfll P3e. Special disconne ,. ^ Bminenoe. 14th- Sleeting of the ofthePrivinoe at St. Ma^'a, with STStection of the Oo^ja^hop of b u r n as the special business. 16th- First Communion throughout the diooeae. G d High Mats at St. Mary's Cathedral, 15^/^rooonV-BlessinR and opening new gj,^ of M^ey, OhaSdos^Mt, North Sydney. 16th-Meeting o! the Archbishops of 'Australasia, SLMary's, time Wtb-St- Klin's College Comhis Lordship the Bigbt Bev. Br. Higgins to deliver the address. 19th (Bonday)—Blees- ""netuary and'martJS'altar in g« BMtl. t c»>«iAb. 2<Hh-Preside at ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Hall, by Arehj g j j j ^ ^ Melbeoroe, on - Irish Art." 