HIS SECOND WIFE. - CHAPTER VI. Amazement and indignation .at.Marston’s words made her speechless for. the moment, for there was no mistaking his meaning, though his voice was calmly indifferent. As she listened there came to her the feeling of dread she had experienced when they first met. She rose and faced him, and Beresford Mars ton quailed before the look of angry scorn in the blue eyes, as she said, “ Mrs. Fernleigh died of heart disease, and you know it! There was nothing mysterious in her death—it was .caused by a sudden shock she received in the unexpected death of a near relative. And were it not so, who and what are you, that you should presume to insinuate that it was otherwise? And to me, too, Cecil Fern leigh’s wife! . . You go the right wav, certainly, to gain my friendship! I congratulate you, Major Marston, on your consummate tact!” and she turned from him in undisguised contempt. Beresford Marston followed her, and laid his hand on her arm. “Listen, Mrs. Fernleigh. Your husband wooed and won the only woman ever I loved. Whether he did so by fair means or not, it matters but little now, but I swore to be revenged on him, and I shall keep my vow. You must have been too young to remember Myra Fernleigh, ten years ago she died (his voice took a sadly tender tone), but I speak the truth, and nothing but the truth, when 1 say that she was no more a victim to heart disease than you or 1. It is the one aim and object of my life to find out how she died— if, indeed, she be really dead, which.I doubt!’ The last words, hissed into her very ear, caused Beatrice to recoil as if a serpent had stung her. “ You are a bad, wicked man !” she cried, turning upon him with flashing eyes and cheeks crimson with anger, “ and I hate you !• How dare vou address such words to me?” “ Because they are true, and so you will find out some day, to your cost. Ask Cecil Fern leigh to tell you the secret which is destroying his life, and making him old before his time; and see if he will tell you! But I shall find it out before long!” Major Mars ton’s tone was dogged and resolute. Mrs. Fernleigh turned her blue eyes upon him once more, with a look which he evidently did not care to meet, for he turned away and stood looking out of the win dow. A rustle of garments, the sound of departing foot steps, and she was gone. Beresford Marston stooped and picked up a half-blown rose, which had fallen from her dress at his feet. “ I have given you some thing to thiuk about at any rate, my haughty beautiful queen!” he muttered to him self. “ So you will not be my friend ? Well, better not, per haps, since you are his wife!” he lifted the flower to his lips, with a half smile, then tossed it out of the window, and went back leisurely to the ball room. C tt o “ You do not look well this morning, dear; I fear you danced too much last night.” Beatrice started as her hus band addressed her across the breakfast table, and certainly her appearance warranted the assertion. Dark circles round the blue eyes told of want of sleep, and her cheeks were wan and pale ; she smiled, however, as her husband spoke to her, and declared she was only a little tired, that was aU. “ It is quite enough; I think; we must not scare away the roses wholesale like', this. You have; eaterivno breakfast either -^wifaf-is-the.; matter my dar " ling»?-”.*.". • For an answer, Beatrice pushed .back her chair )hnd burst into tears.: Amazed and coliceriied.Cecil was =at her side in a moment. He took her in her arms and soothed her like a child. “My dearest, wife! What is it? What is troubling you ? tell me!” But Beatrice, only sobbed, and clung to him. Cecil looked hopelessly per plexed. “ My dear,' if you will only .stop crying, and tell me what is the raatser, perhaps we caD manage to set it right between us ; do try, love !” “ I cannot tell you, indeed I cannot, oh! Cecil,” and Mrs. Fernleigh’s sobs broke out afresh. Her husband fell in despair.' Added to the natural horror all men have of a scene, he was at a loss to understand the meaning of his wife’s words. The thought flashed across him that perhaps she, too, had been, treated to a sight of the ghost, but he discarded it at once, as impossible after all his precautions. He did, how ever, the best thing he could have done under the circum stances, held his tongue, and let Beatrice’s sobs wear them selves out. When she became calmer he drew her away to the open window, where the morning breeze, fragrant with the scent of roses and mignon ette, came pleasantly into the room, and seating her in an easy chair, knelt down beside her,and keeping his arm about her, said tenderly : “ Now, my deal’, tell me all about it.” Beatrice fixed her eyes (red and swollen with weepiug) on his face with a searching look of intense and inquiring scru tiny. Cecil did not flinch, but returned it with one so loving, so tender, that she threw her arms around his neck, aud buried her face on his shoulder. “ Oh, Cecil! my darling ! you do love me, don’t you ? They said you only married me be cause — because papa made you. He wanted money from you, and said he would tell your, secret unless you did as he wished. It is not true— tell me it is not true ?” She lifted her head from its resting place, a her look of piteous entreaty went to his heart. “ True ? It is false as hell!” I burst from his lips, as he started to his feet, and Beatrice had never before seen the look on I his face which was there uow; lit frightened her. Cecil took several turns up and down the room, as if to calm himself, then came and stood before her. “ Tell me again what you heard,” he said. “ 1 was sitting in the small dining-room atSyme last night just after I had had that con versation with Major Marstou, which I told you of. He had made me very' angry and un comfortable, and I wanted to be quiet for a little to compose myself. Some people came in, and, 1 suppose, did not notice I was there, for they began talking about you, saying how strange it was your having been away so long, and about your first wife, aud how badly you had treated her, till I felt so angry I could have rushed forward aud confronted them then and there, and given them my opinion of them and their words. But I did not like to move after having heard so much ; and they7 went on to speak of me, too—said that Bobert Carne had done a clever thing in marrying his daughter to such a rich man, but that every7 one knew you had given him a large sum of money and saved him from ruin, and in order to get that money, and have me well married, he threatened to be tray a secret of yours which he held, and so you were forced to take me as your wife!” Beatrice had spoken in a low hesitating voice, with down cast eyes and crimson cheeks, and when she had finished her story sat silently twisting her wedding-ring round her finger in nervous trepidation. ■‘IO 3E CoNTIStTED.] 