Was it a Ghost . they Saw? MRs. H. H. JesiscGs lives at No. "II, Main Street, Bridgeport. and Miss Minnie Parrot hoards with her. The honse is an old one, but in good order. One night early in Dec ,nor. (9Sgi) the two women locked all the door. ano vent to the theatre. leaving not a soul in the house. They left the gas burning, however,in the front parlour. At about half-past eleei they returned, and entered the house lauagltiný and talking. But as they went into the par ou ithe merry humour died out of them in a sc ..nd Right in the middle of the room stood a ahr. man of gigantic stature. The upper part t hli: lace was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleim ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves "were rolled up, and in one hand ht carried along, old- fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room, and whe i .si Jennings came in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and allthedoorsand window s securely locked. What was it the women ans "' During a recent period of ill health." a rite an American friend. " I had slept bad iv: several successive nights. On the four h ": these nights about tio oclock, I was sud te.-tl aroused from a doze by " what seemed like the calling of my name;" and at the foot of th bk-. stood the image of my mother just as she looked tive years before, as she was le ting home to go on a journey, on which journsv she was killed in a railway disaster. I acre med and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell ot it. and the local old women gossips said it t. a summons and I would never get well, Yet I did, and am in perfect health now. I b lihe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I',1 never seen it since, and it's more than thres years ago now." No doubt it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nervn.s will play oft o , on when your system is outof condition. In M1 cil 190,. it was, that Mrs Jane Fos:ter. of D. c.: cutt Road. ':Ykesdown, Hants, u rote us a. al lows:-" I was so dreadfully nervous I <aulu not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I lii, not wish their far away in case I shoul I cal. out for help. This was in lune, iSSo. I licp: very badly, and in the morning felt littl. thi better for having gone to bed. There wvas iltn a severe pain in my head and over my eye . anut I was sick most 0of the time JIv skin wa. sirs and yellow. and the stomach and bowel - tlt: cold and dead, By-and-by 1 had to lie he f:Isl in bed. The doctor said he didn't know' ia my complaint was. I took nothing but 1I;t.id firod, and could not retain esen that i m% stomach. By this time I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. .su head ached so dreadfully I thought I sosulo lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I could never get better. I had given up all hope, when one da. 51:. \\\West. of Bournemouth. called and asked what I was taking. She told ime she was h rscil just as badly oft, and was cured by M t,..-,r Seigel's Curative Syrup. .s she seeme to: a. e sc much faith in this medicine. I tried it :iand in three days I was able to walk across thI. room, and by the end of the week 1 :vent d asn stairs Now I am as sell as ever. I cant eat: and digest my food, end all my nervousces, ha, leift me. The malady .Mrs Foster suffered from , aS indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous proctra tion. The original cause was grief and shothl. at the violent death of her husband, by acci den, and the system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digs -lion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever may be your opinion of the Dr:de iprt ghost, it remains true that most unc unit visions and sounds mean nothing more or les than a set of nerves all upset by indigestiot;and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Siigcls Syrup does its work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesome. People who eat freely of boiled c:lery are seldom attacked with rheumatism. The United States is first in thie value of horses, Great Britain coming second, France third. and Germany fourth. The Irish National League Coaven tion which has been sitting at Liver pool has resolved to call a National Convention, to be held at Dublin, to! endeavor to end the feuds which havo I so long separated the ranks of the Irish, When gathering mushrooms they should always be placed in the baskets with the stem downwards, else al the loose sand and dirt willfallinto he ;ills, and can only with the greatest difficulty be got out. 'Ibe Premier says that the question of an Income Tax Bill and all financial proposals will be matters for considera tion after the Budget speech, He fur ther assets that the " Age " forecast of the tax is premature. Nihilist plot discovered in Russia. Over a hundred arrests at St. Pe ers barg, and more expected. Nihilists known to have allies in London and Paris. Immediate object of the move. ment the murder of the Czar anI his heir at the wedding of the latter, wv itch is to take place shortly at St. Peters burg. Dr. H. Mi. Biggs in the" Forum" writes that the discoveries made by Professor Koch go to show that con sumption is communicable and curable and not hereditary. KEANSE . " EvENItG POST."-Tlie hearing of the applicant for a new trial in the above actionwas taken in Ballarat on Wednesday (says the " Spectator ") by his Honor Judge Casey. Mr. L. I Horwitz appeared for the plaintiff, atd Mr Vynne for the defendant proprietors. After the arguments of counsel, His Honor ordered a new trial, on the grcund o0 improper reception of evidence. The verdict previously given was set aside, and His.Honor ordered that the co.ts of the first trial should abide by the result of the secrnd. The fresh trial will take place in Ballarat on the ;td July. United States Treasury oflicials have estimated that the production of gold in the gold in the world during ags wa: about £30,ooo,ooo worth. 