WOMAN PROPOSES. (gHOSt Till. DAILY TELEGRAPH VERNA Coim»_>i'ONii__\T ) Society is still in a pretty benighted condition, or else it would not forbid ladies to propose to the young men to whom they feel disposed to offer their hands, hearts, and milliners' bills This is a sore point with spinsters Why are they still condemned to passivity and invested at the very utmost with a mere veto, instead of being endowed. with the right of initiative in this as in all things else ' Why not extend thepreciouspnvi Ie'ge of leap years to all the years of the century and all the days of the year' These are important questions which are occasionally naked in Engine), but have little chance of finding a satisfactory practical solution there. On the Continent, where people are less con- servative, there are already unmistakeable signs and tokens of the dawning of a new social era, and young ladies are beginning to feel justified in telling the bashful swain who cannot screw their courage to the stick- ing place that they are in an inch or sons i ii- law for their mothers, and to ask those likely young men to help them by their advice This is considered perfectly com- patible with the purest vestal modesty, but unfortunately it is only a half measure, and ladies are nothing if not thorough The idea, therefore, is now gaining ground in various parts of the Continent that all the exigencies of bashful modesty may be allowed for, and the fair sex come by its rights b. negotiating through the father or the next male kinsman. He is sent to the chosen bridegroom to announce to him his good fortune, and the rest is a matter of calculation and chance. In this way the father or make relative can always explain a not impossible refusal in a flattering tale, and the lady's sensibilities are spared. Hut the following; instance, which is by no means isolated, will give a better idea of how the thing works than a column of mere description In Vienna, where people are passionately fond of music and of military shows, every hand in the street attracts dense crowds, who follow it for miles, as if that were their only. mission in life And when a regular review is held you would fancy the Archangel had blown Ina trumpet for the dead to arise, BO thronged are the streets and public places. Now, one of the most popular regiment stationed in Vienna is composed of Hungarian warriors, and bears the names of Huron Fejervary, and the music there band plays sets the good Viennese; and with enthusiasm. A few days ago, as they were marching from the King to their barracks, performing the soul stirring dances! of their native land, among the people who iicconipniiieel tin. m was a well known and highly respected burgher of Vienna, with his daughter on his arm The young lady is, li- the Germans put it, as beautiful as a picture Perhaps it may help to convey a more definite impression it we say as beautiful as 'Pitman's famous Venetian Lady must have been when she was, any, ten or fit. teen years younger than she looks the Viennese young lady drank in the sounds of the intoxicating e_"__xs, and gazed with delight on the serried ranks of well built warriors, who moved as it they were one man Suddenly the purple light of love deepened the colour of her rosy cheeks till they became a very red, and at the same time she pressed her father's arm convulsively. " What's wrong, darling *" he asked. "Have you recognised an acquaintance, or what is it *" Now if there be any one virtue for which the Viennese take credit, it is frankness and plum speaking. 'I li ey base to beat about the bush They first tell you Btruighttorwurei the plain un- varnished facts, and then if you desire it they will set about waiving any number of rhetorical garlands to ornament them, So the nur one answered, " No, father, I have not recognised my acquaintance , but I see a man there who must become one. There there he is yes, he with the long coal-black moustachios that curl up so prettily on his chicks " " Yes, dear, I see Hut-but-he is only a private soldier No, I mean he is a soldier and looks well in uniform , but who knows what he was and what he may be when he takes off the uniform and goes back to his trade or calling ' 'I he pair said nothing more just then, but followed the soldiers to their barracks, after which they returned home. Then the young lady addressed her parent thus, " father, I must marry that man, I cannot live without han ; so find out all about him to day, and arrange matters as soon as ever you can " " Well, my dear girl, if you have really set your mind upon it, I will, of course, do my best, provided that he is not married at really." It was late in the afternoon before the merchant could conveniently leave his business and set out on his curious errand. His daughter accompanied him as far as the barracks, but did not enter the building. She walked backwards and forwards on the opposite side of the street, waiting m feverish excitement for her father to appear. Meanwhile, the old gentleman had gone straight to the non commissioned officer on duty, and, arranging his spectacles on his nose, enid I have come to ask the name of a soldier whom I saw to- day he was marching from the Burg to the barracks here at midday, he has enormous black moustachios that curl up very nicely on his checks, he was the first man in the second rank from the left." The non commissioned officer, who not only did not know the name of the infantry soldier in question, but-suspecting an intention to lodge a complaint would not have revealed it if he "is, replied rather rudely. Herr I'rauensclmt7 insisted, and told the story of his tluiiL'litir's love, which put such a romantic complexion on his visit that even an old fogey would have entered into the spirit of the thing, to any nothing of a young, rollicking soldier. "Well, I really don't know the Ittoky dog's name ; and it's no easy matter to (mdttout.lor, yousee,the soldiers that you followed to day were taken from two different battalions , however, I'll do what I can " This new and willing actor in the little drama then disappeared to report on the case to an officer, who took a lively interest in the romance, and consented to contribute to bring about a satisfactory (knoiieni'iit. He commanded all the men who composed the contingent that had been at the Burg that day to assemble in the bar. rack y ere! without delay, and to form into rows as nearly as possible as they were in the morning Then he asked the venerable civilian who was standing there-somewhat clarified at all the trouble and fuss he was causing-to point out the man " Well, I, eli-did see him, to be sure, but I might possibly make a mistake, and that would be rather awkward. I think I had better go for my daughter, silo is waiting outside. She won't have any difficulty about recognising him." This was agreed to, and the house situate father fetched his daughter, whose heart beat high at what he told her There have occasionally been extraordinary reviews of soldiers, held even late in the afternoon, for the purpose of discovering some private who litidrendend himself guilty of an offence or crime But a review held by a strange young lady for the purpose of identifying the soldier who had stormed her heart and wishes unaware of it-this event breaks the record of the regiment 'The 1 ever Marys, at least, deny that anything of the kind was ever heard or conceived of before it was not a long review nor a disagreeable one fly the time it began every man in the yard knew the story off by heart, and every man with luxuriant moustaches was in hopes that he was " the lucky dog I had at least a was the ending of the men the moment they s laid eyes on the young lady for her appearance was greeted with a murmur of applause and admiration After a short inspection she exclaimed, "IlinttJ the man " I rank He thy shouted. the soldiers And I may Beechy was his name and Hun cary his native country 1 runs was delighted at his conquest; but when Miss 1 ruuenschnt/ and ha were introduced they found to their horror, that he could not speak a word of German, nor sin malleable of Ilununiiun Ihcyouiii' lady remarked however that did not matter in the first as their hearts would soon learn to milk retail Finch other man meanwhile tin HirvuiH of an interpreter r cure secured, and Miss I nuttnseliat/ intrusted him with Hi i finding, occupation of conveying the intensity of her affection to Iran, and Iran m had honoured him with a similar charge He nation or is likely to find the dust) grow monotonous after a time and the 1 n Ieeio mi to discern with the flush port who lulu that one to name was quite can call for li smiling Miss 1 iiuieiischat/ lins proposed to sell by Hunt and in 'my on one cou dunn to which her lit I moustaches I n li uri mi lins say in his consult viz, that the war hung Hi ill It ended rated next week Why should I not all girls on lecturing their future lett club s notify the fact is still Miss 1 luiicnschitl/ 