interesting x items. Ohio Wesleyan University, U. S. A., has just celebrated its jubilee, and has con ferred LL. D. degrees on Miss Frances Willard ; also on Bishops Warren and Thoburn. Regarding the [revival in northern China, Dr. Bloodgood states that in forty years he has seen nothing like1 it, and he adds that the old Gospel with its simple ? ?i.i_ i ? ? ? : ? ? .?» _ tiuuuo, uiunbuu wiiii loving earnestness m one power of the Holy Ghost, is the instrument with which God moves the hearts of the Chinese, as He has moved the hearts of men in other nations. The Bishop of Liverpool, speaking at Bootle recently, said some people wanted to present him with a pastoral staff —a silver poker to be carried before him. He declined, saying, ' If you send me a pastoral staff I will lock it up in a cup board and never see it again.' A Bishop wanted a Bible, no pastoral staff. Bishop John M. Walden, of the Method ist Episcopal Church, U. S. A., began by working on an Ohio River flatboat for 2s a day. He is now one of the most useful . and influential Bishops of the Church he serves. His life fitly illustrates what in» dustry and energy can do when these are associated with an honest heart and a high moral courage. When the Missionaries in Constanti nople were told by Bontineff, the Russian Ambassador, that ' the Emperor of all the Russias would never allow Protestant ism to set its foot in Turkey, ' Dr. Schauffler replied — ' Your Excellency, the kingdom of Christ will never ask the Em peror of all the Bussias where it may set its foot.' Saturday evening entertainments for the people are being given in Archer-st Wes leyan Lecture Hall, Adelaide ; the roqm is packed to the doors. On a recent Satur day evening the Hon. J. G. JenkinB, Com missioner of Public Works, gave a lectur ette on ' American wit and humour.' La,st Saturday evening the Treasurer of South Australia, the Hon. F. W. Holder, gave the address. Music, vocal and instru mental, is supplied by some of Adelaide's leading artists. Rudyard Kipling is the grandson of a Wesleyan Methodist Preacher, both on the paternal and maternal side. His father's father who died in 1862, was a sound solid preacher of the Gospel, who endeared him self greatly to the young people of the families with whom he stayed upon his country rounds, by his hour's long reci tations of the choicest English poetry. The maternal grandfather of the now fain- , ous story-wright and minstrel was George Browne Macdonald. The committee appointed by tbe last British Conference ' to consider and report on how far and in what direction con certed action with the other Methodist Churches may be possible recommend to the present Conference that arrangements be made to promote concerted action in the following directions:— (1) In mutual defence : (2) in Christian j moral, and social workin dependent of all party associations - and r. political .creeds ; (3) in the avoidance of unnecessary multiplication of ohapels es -! pecially in small places ; (4), in the develop-. ment of. Methodism in .the: thousands of. i ; villages and small towns, where, it, has at present no existence. As a means to this, end, the oommittee seek fromthe Confer, ence authorisation, t.o invite representatives v. from other Methodist churches to meet it , for conference and co-operation. 