THE STORY OF A LOST SOUL. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] By HUGH COLEMAN DAVIDSON. AUTHOR OF "THE GREEN HILLS BY THE SEA," "NOT A MOMENT TO SPARE," "THE OLD ADAM," &c.;, &c.; (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) CHAPTER XI— (Continued.) The poor lad laying tied upon the stone floor was too stunned to under- stand all this, but my agonies were intolerable. I had to witness the scene and do nothing. I, who had brought it about—whose one murder had led to this other now being done— had not even the power to say a word against it. The black future grew blacker as I looked at it. I thought of the tired parents waiting for the son who would never return ; I thought of Rachel, his sister, trying to comfort them with hopes which would never be realised ; but worst of all, I thought of Hattie, whom he loved. For her presence I longed as I have never before of since longed for anything besides. If only she could see him before he died. It is so hard to go without a "God speed," so hard to stay behind tor- mented by the thought that the loving words have been unsaid. There was plenty of time to think over it all, for the madman went about his preparations in a very leisurely way, as if he took a pleasure in tor- turing his victim. Once or twice George made a frantic attempt to rise, but a slight push was sufficient to roll him over again. With his hands fastened behind his back, he was utterly defenceless. At length his time came. He was dragged face downwards to the centre of the floor, and then told to stand. But he rebelled against that, kicking and struggling, resisting as best he could every effort to place him in an upright posture. Suddenly an extraordinary change came over him. He stood up staring at the window, with a strange, wistful, wondering look in his eyes, and his lips quivering with the cry which had almost escaped them. For outside among the bushes was a scared young face—as white as death —the face of Hattie Duke. He saw it but for a moment. The noose was being placed around his neck, and he had to continue the desperate struggle, life being more than ever precious to the lad now, even though it could be prolonged only for a few minutes of agony. But he fought against fearful odds. At the touch of the rope he shuddered, and his strength deserted him. At least he could die with her name on his lips. So he cried feebly : "Hattie, my love ; Hattie !" There was a bright flash and a deafening report filling the kitchen with its din windows rattling in their frames, the lantern clattering upon the floor. George staggered back and nearly fell. He could not under- stand what had happened. But he was free for the moment—that much he knew. By the moonlight which struggled through the dusty panes he could dimly see the tall red figure of his executioner, bent as in sudden pain, one hand pressed to his side. The sight, incomprehensible though it was to George, thrilled him with hope. Tied as he was he made a leap for the door, opened it with his foot, for it was not latched, and sprang out into the dark pas- sage. It was but a moment before he was pursued. He heard horseshout- ing behind, the clash of a sword, the sound of hurrying footsteps. In his terror he expected every instant to feel the rope round his neck. But he knew the house well, and, turning sharply aside in the darkness, stood as if of a sudden he had been transformed into stone, never moving a muscle, never breathing, until his pursuer had rushed by. Then, propped against the wall, he waited a little, for his legs trembled so that they could scarcely carry his body. It was awful work deciding what he should do next, for a wrong step meant death. Finally, he crept back the way he had come. Back in the kitchen he saw with amazement that the window was open, while outside, in the moonlight stood a white figure—a girl—Hattie ! She beckoned frantically to him and whispered ! " Quick—quick—George—George !" He ran towards her and struggled out, she pulling at him with both hands. Then she softly closed the window and drew him aside among the bushes. He scarcely wondered how she came to be there or whether it was Hattie at all. He only knew that he was outside the horrible house, though fear still had the mastery in his mind, for the madman could be plainly heard raging along the dark passages. When he came to notice things more, he saw on the ground a pistol, his own pistol which had been flung through the window, and he vaguely grasped the fact that Hattie had fired it and saved his life. But he did not thank her—there was no room for gratitude in his mind yet—and she did not appear to expect it. Hattie was clad in a loose white wrapper. From the pocket she pre- sently drew a small pair of scissors and with them, after much abor, she cut the rope which bound George's hands. "Can you walk now, George," she whispered. "Come, I'll take your arm." So she guided him through the bushes, and swiftly, yet often glancing back fearfully, they made their way to the gate. CHAPTER -XII. THE END OF THAT NIGHT. The wind moaned among the trees and chimneys, and the waves fell with a sullen thunder upon the beach, but no other sound disturbed the stillness of the night. The narrow streets were deserted ; the moonlight streamed down upon an empty market-place, across which the gaol cast a great black ugly shadow ; all the shops were closed, and the blinds of the windows above drawn down ; the whole town seemed to be asleep, all except these two young people fleeing from the mad- man, whose ravings they fancied they could still hear. They took refuge in Mr. Duke's house, a queer old- fashioned house, standing upon the quay. "Where am I?" asked George, speaking for the first time, as they entered the hall, and pressing his hand in a dazed way across is fore- head. "I thought—I thought——" But he broke off, shuddering. "You are safe in my home, George dear," said Hattie, tenderly. "Nobody can hurt you here." She led him into the dining-room and lighted a lamp. He watched her from the couch on which he had seated himself. There was not much intelli- gence in his gaze as yet, but instinct or the force of education was already beginning to make itself felt. He put up his had to ascertain whether his ht was still on his head—it had fallen off in his struggles and been left behind at Cushlabeg—and he rose up again, waiting for Hattie to sit down first. "If you will stay here for a few moments," she said, when she had bound up his wounded hand—"do sit down George—I will fetch my father. He will tell us what we had better do. You won't be afraid to be left alone, will you ?" That stirred him as nothing else would have done. It seemed to put new life in him. "Afraid, Hattie !" he said. "What do you take me for? But why should you go? I have so much to say—to ask you about. Can't we be alone for a little while ?" "But can't we talk before father?" "Not so well. Nor nearly so well." "It is nearly four o'clock in the morning," said Hattie, glancing at the clock. " Oh, no, I must really fetch him." And she went away on the errand, much more cheerful because of the change in George. But as soon as she had gone he dropped back upon the couch, and the shadow which had darkened his face returned to it again. Unconsciously he fell to listening to the sounds out- side. The water plashed against th vessels in the harbor and the wind whistled through the rigging, but there was another sound, wholly imaginary, which filled his ears, and made him start and tremble. It was the hoarse shouting of a maniac. Before many minutes had elapsed Mr. Duke, having hastily dressed, came downstairs. He was a broad, square-shouldered, sailor-like man, with grey whiskers and beard, a pleasant face and hearty manners. There was no trace of embarrassment in his greeting, no fear as to what his directors might say to his receiving a discharged clerk with a dark suspicion still clinging to him. He grasped his visitor's hand and shook it warmly ; he talked incessantly and would not let any- body else say a word. Hattie having given him a hint as to what had hap- pened, he insisted, before George entered into any explanation, that food and drink should be set before him. So the table was laid, and Hattie placed upon it ham, tongue, cold part- ridge, and all the delicacies in the larder, for bank managers, even in the provinces, fare better than, let us say, authors. Mr. Duke opened a bottle of cham- pagne, and in order that George should fell no restrain , they foth sat down with him and shared in his meal, the genial host sticking to his work with- out flinching. "How do you feel now, George ?" he asked, when they had finished. "You look better. You look a dif- ferent man altogether. There is no- thing like a good square meal, with a glass or two of champagne, for picking a fellow up. Do you feel equal to talking ? If so, let us hear all about this business." Brief as was the sketch which George gave of his adventures, it was full enough to startle Mr. Duke. As he listened, he kept running his fin- gers through his grey hair so that it stood out all round his head, and his face grew longer and his eyes opened wider every moment. As for comment of any sort, he could not get beyond exclamations of horror. "But how on earth,Hattie, girl," he cried at length, "came you to be out there at that time of night ?" So Hattie had to tell her story. She had felt very uneasy all even- ing, she said, and when she went up to her room she could not sleep. At first the uneasiness was vague and unde- fined ; it was merely a depression of spirits such as sometimes precedes an illness ; but of a sudden it became connected in her mind with George. The idea (based originally, no doubt, upon the conviction that after leaving here he had gone againg to the Dragon, though this she did not say) forced itself upon her that he was in some trouble, and it grew more fixed as time went up. She rose and dressed, and sat by the open window, leaning out watching and listening. Presently, above the sounds of the wind and the sea, she heard the clatter of feet, and was startled at seeing a man running along the Quay. She was outside in a moment. The man was not George, as in her alarm she had thought ; it was only Quine, the barber. But, to her aston- ishment, he mentioned George's name, and Cushlabet, and a ghost, all mixed up breathlessly in such an incoherent manner that she could not in the least understand him. She wanted to ques- tion him, but he could not be pre- vailed upon to stay. He was badly wanted at home by his wife, he said, and he rushed madly round the corner. Hattie waited for some time after that, pacing to and fro alon the moon- lit quay, not knowing what to do or think, trying hard to argue herself into a more reasonable mood ; a task which Quine's inexplicable words and conduct had rendered more difficult than ever. The presentiment of some deadly peril to George had now grown into a belief with her ; it was too strong for any argument to shake. She felt that he was longing to see her, and that she mush go to him. But which direction should she take? Quine had said something about Cush- labeg. In the whole world there was no more unlikely place for George to be at, especially at such an hour, and yet some mysterious power impelled her to go there. Then, with much faltering Hattie told how, guided by a feeble light, she crept to the kitchen window of the deserted home; and peered through the broken panes ; how, to her unspeak- able horror, she beheld Captain Will- mott in full uniform, a madman evi- dently by his face, preparing to hang George from the beam overhead ; how she snatched up a pistol which she was amazed to see lying at her feet ; how she could scarcely hold it in her trembling hands and yet, in ther extemity, managed to fire it ; how frightened she was lest she had hurt George or killed Cap- tain Willmott ; and finally how the end came, after a terrible hase, George scrabling through the window and fleeing away with her through the bushes. "Gad, Hattie, but I didn't think you had it in you," said her father, looking at her with pride and wonder- ment. "The girl has got pluck. What do you say George ?" "If I say anything just yet," answered the lad, with moist eyes, "I shall brak down." "Then don't try," said Mr. Duke cheerily. "Come, you must have a sleep, or you won't get one to-night. Can you turn in upon that couch, do you think? We can give you plenty of rugs." George declared that he did not want to sleep, and in fact could not if he tried ; if they left him alone and went back to bed he would be all right. But Mr. Duke insisted, and was supported by Hattie. A couple of rugs were accordingly brought ; additional cushions were provided ; but by the time the couch was pronounced ready—it required so much patting that the preparation took a long time —it was fit for a king to sleep on. So said George as he again shook hands with Mr. Duke. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 