In Strict Confidence. (BY "Quis.") : The outlook in Italy is bad. The Sicilian riot» have almost grown into revolution, and as many as 80 of the rioters were killed in one charge of the soldiery. It is justly feared that the rioting will extend to Italy. It is proba bly a sign bf the times that the King of Italy has invested his private fortunes in British securities. Nothing is safe in Italy. The war tax has rendered the ' county insolvent, and distress and dis- content, the sinister twins born of over . taxation, stalk through the land. Virtually, the Triple Alliance is destroyed as far as Italy is concerned. For Italy, indeed, it has proved a disastrous partnership. * There has been fighting between French and British soldiers for the first time since the epoch-ending field of Waterloo. Far enough away from the historic battle-fields of Europe, this collision occurred in West Africa, under the primeval forest and in a region sacred to the bloody scuffles of the negro. Still a brush out there might well involve those two great nations in a disastrous war. Happily, however, the affair is said to have resulted from a fatal mit take. The circumstances of a native war brought the British and French forces into the same neighborhood at Warina. In the moonlight the French struck the British camp and, it is alleged, mistook the white uniforms of the British for the robes of the Arab' auxiliaries of their negro foes. So the attack was made. The French Government have as yet received no official information upon the subject, but promise, if the British account is correct, to make the necessary amende. Should they decline to do this, however, Gladstone will be prepared to save the situation, if necessary, by apologising for the fact that the British forces were dressed in white uniforms. A Gladstone Government will nevor resort to war when a handy apology .is available. * * * Mr. Gladstone has entered upon his 85th year. When we recall what men of 84 are generally like-toothless, deaf, and blind relics waiting momentarily for the tide which is to sweep them away into eternity-a sen- sation like awe creeps over one in presence of this singular man of 84 leading a great political party, engaged in the works bf scholarship and literature, and manifèsting a youthful vigor and a capacity for intel- lectual labor which very few young men are capable of. Time, which has wrought such destruction among the men of the generation to which he properly belongs, has passed him by, and left him standing like some old monarch of the forest, touched here and there by the lightning, gnarled, and holed, and mossy, but still sturdy and grand, a giant among less growths ; or, in the words of the Latin poet whose works he has just undertaken to translate, like the A Sydney Street Sketch. Moon among the lesser fires of heaven. The Tories have apparently given over their hopes in his death and accept Gladstone as the inevitable. There is no sign of coming dissolution in the physique of the old Liberal leader, and Conservative obstruction, based upon the certainty of his speedy death, is a baftted and discredited policy. Gladstone's policy, directed by Gladstone himself, must be reckoned with to-day, and, perhaps, for years to come. The very human race itself ought to feel proud of this unique and superb specimen of man- hood. ; : (Continued on page 18.) . (Continued from page 15) A British company has at last been formed to put capital into Australian diamond mining. This should stimulate the search for the precious stones. This week even, an illustration of the liberality with which the diamond is distributed in Australia comes to hand. At Mount Kingston, in South Australia, a miner, panning for gold, turned up a diamond somtthing over a carat in weight. And they have been found in Queensland as well. All that is required to develop this source of wealth is careful prospecting. We may yet beat the diamond yield of the Transvaal as we already beat its gold product. * * * Apparently, Mr. Reid does not want a title. , That is the ostensible explanation , of his statement that.it was an "infamous proposal " to seek to induce the Duke and Duchess of York tb visit Australia so as to waste money on entertaining these Royal people. Perhaps, however, the trouble is that . Mr. George Reid is not in power. Were he Premier of New South Wales possibly he might join in Mr. Patterson's invitation with equal enthusiasm to that displayed by that gentleman. You see as leader of the Opposition he could not expect a title, and probably would only have a place on sufferance in the festivities attendant upon their presence. Probably Mr. Reid's democracy is no more real than was that of Sir George Dibbs, and when the due time comes he will go the way of all Australian political flesh and " Arise Sir George." ,; . " * * One of Mr. E. W. "O'Sullivan's constitu- ents has been bitten by a* red-backed spidèr, and very serious symptoms have set in. Last week we commented on the fact that a fisherman on the Parramatta was bitten by a supposed venomous fish. The fish ap- pears to be a stranger, but the red-backed spider is widely known and feared. I haye reason to know what a thrill is produced by the discovery of one of these spiders within a few inches of one's bare hand. Fortu- nately nature has marked them with a danger signal in the shape of a red back, bright and serrated like the material of the cock's comb, the rest of the body and the legs being a t himmery black. Their bite is extremely venomous ; indeed the quantity of venom they possess, like that of the serpent, is altogether disproportioned to the needs of their existence. The poison of the red-backed spider has on several occasions destroyed life. We trust no such results will accrue to the Bungendore f ettler ; but his case at present affords the medical profession an unique opportunity of study- ing the operations of the mysterious venom of this terrible little spider, whose bite is dreaded as much by the bushman as the fangs of the black snake. * * The suicide of the. Melbourne hangman is an event of some interest to the psj'cholo gist. "Jones," as he was called, used to perform his loathly work con amore. He took a craftsman's delight in strangling people expeditiously and flawlessly. Such a man was about the least likely to turn sentimentalist at the last moment when it came to hanging a woman. Nevertheless, this had terrors for the dark spirit of the common hangman which even he could .not face. It was not alone that women pointed the finger of shame at him, that men abused him, and boys stoned him. Spirits also whispered in his ears dismal warning of the fate in store for him should he hang the woman Knorr.- With a large amount of determination then, such as might have been expected from such an individual, " Jones " cut his carotid artery and let his bleared and homicidal soul sally forth to meet those 15 other spirits whose bodies he had throttled in various Victorian gaols during the past 10 years. Those gallows made ghosts will probably do their best to make him welcome. There must be a certain embarrassment in the meeting in the other world even between a judge and the souls of those he has sentenced to death. And yet there is a certain Australian judge renowned for the number of criminals he has sent to the scaffold who has sq little terror on the matter that he attends spirit- ualistic seances and takes the keenest interest in materialisation experiments. Suppose he were suddenly confronted by thé forms of some of his judicial victims, how would he feel, we wonder ? But he is stern stuff, and would probably greet them unfalteringly. The taste for spiritualism is, however, a curious one for such an indi- vidual. '' 