Kyaoram Literary and Debating' Society. There \v;is a capital attendance on Friday evening last, at the social given by the soci ety to celebrate the opening night of the hew syllabus. Many new members were enrolled, and after tne usual preliminary business was disposed of, the president (Mr T. G. Unitt) referred to the valuable services rendered to the society by his predecessor (Dr Wickcns), and a vote of thanks was accorded with accla mation ; the doctor suitably responded. The programme as undernoted was a splen did one, and equal to many public concerts we have attended. It is to be regretted that some of the guests could not refrain from in dulging in unseemly mirth during one of the recitations, especially as it was "ill-deserved. We doubt if any one present could have exceeded the reciter in elocutionary ability. After an overture on the piano by Mr DeBoos the programme was as follows :—Song, Dr Wickens ; recital. " Ghost Scene from Ham let,” Mr Holt: song, “Come into the Garden, Maude,” Mr Edis : leeital, “ Macanley’s Horatius,” Mr Goddard ; song. Miss Fawns ; piano solo, Mr G. 0. King ; glee, “ Calm be thy slumbers” (Bishop), Choral. Club ; Hum orus Sermon. "Old Mother Hubbard,” Mr Edis: Fantasia, "Nonno.” violin and piano. Prof. King and Mr G. King ; song, " Kil Desperandum,” 'Dr. Wickens : violin solo (various airs), Prof. King ; song,A summer shower,” Mr Edis; piano solo, Dr Wight: Glee, Choral Club; reading, Our Guido in Home,” (Mark Twain) Mr T. G. Unitt. Mr Edis sang at his best, Mr Goddard re cited splendidly ; the Chorai Club proved a great acquisition to the company ; Miss Fawns and Dr Wickens found considerable favor, which applies also to the several piano forte solos. Mr T. G. Unitt’s comic reading met with a good reception, and was a fitting termination to one of the pleasantest even ings spent here for a long time. We have reserved Professor King for a special paragraph. He was extremely good natured to attend the social at short notice, andif the Kyabramites don’t already' know it, we now tell them that it is the height of good fortune to have such an artist in their midst. His playing was perfect in execution, and while he wielded the bow, his audience were, for the time being, lifted heavenwards, far above the petty worries and vexations which characterise our existence on this mundane sphere. An especial vote of thanks was accorded the professor ; and the evening concluded with a vote of thanks to the ladies who had prepared the excellent refreshments distributed to the company during the even ing. About halt: the party stayed and indulged in a quiet dance till miduiglit, and then went home rejoicing. The date of the second meeting will be advertised in our next, when we also purpose giving a full list of the ar rangements for the rest of the y'ear ISiU. 