THE HO1ROBR OF STUDLEY IGRANt1E 'AIDOCTOR'S STORY. I was in my cocrulting-room one morning. and had just said good-bye to the last of my patients, when my servant came in and told rne that a lady had called who pressed very earnestly for an interview with me. "I told her thatyou were just going out, sir," said the man, " and she saw the carriage at the doer; but she begged to see you, if only for two minutes. This is her card." Iread the words, " Lady Studley." "Show her in," I said hastily, and the next momentsa tall, slightly.made, fair-haired girl entered tho roomn. She looked very yongi, scarcely more than twenty and:I'couldhniardly believe that she wascswhhtrher card iudica:ed, a married 'Woman. Thes olor rushed into her cheeks as she held oat:lierhand tome. I motioned her to a chiFin'id then asked her what I could do for her. " Oh, you can help me," EhesasiJ, clasping her hands and speakinn in a slightly theatrical manner. "My husband, Sir Henry Studley, is very unwell,.and I want you to come to see him-can you?-will you ? " With pleasure," I repiied: "Where do you live ?"l ".At Studley Grange, in Wiltshire. Don't you know our place ?" "I daresay I ought to know it," -1 replied, "although at the present moment I can't recall the:name. You want mete come to see your husband. I presume you wish me to have a consultation with his medical at tendant ?" "No, no, not at all. The fact is, Sir Henry has not got a medicalattendant. He dislikes doctors, and won't see one. I want you to come and stay.with us for a week or so. I have heard of you through mutual friends the Onelowsa Iknowyonuean effeot remark able cnres, and you have a great deal of tact. Bntyou can't possibly do anything for my husband unless you are willing to stay in the house and to noticehissymptoms." Lady Studley spoke with great emphasis and earnestness. Her long, slender hands were clasped tightly together. She had drawn off iher gloves, and was bending forwardin her chair. Her big, childish and somewhat restless blue eyes were fixed im ploringly on my face. " I love my husband," she said, tears snd denly filling them-"and it is dreadful, dreadful, to see him-suffer as he does. Ho will die unless someone comes to his aid. Ohb I know I am asking an immense thing, when 1 her of you to leave all your patients ande come to the country. But we can pay. Money is no object whatever to us. We can, we will, gladly, pay you for your ser viceez.' . - ,. "I must think the matter over," I said. "You flatter me by wishing for mie, and by believing that I-can render you assistance, but,Ieeannot take a sote of this kind in a hurry. I willt-irlte to you by to-night's peaost if you will give me your address. In the meantime, -kindly tell me some of the symptoms of Sir Henry's mialady." "I fear it is a meladv of the mind," she answered immediately, *hbut is is of ao vivid and so startling a character, that nuless relief is oeon;obtained, the body miust give way dider-the strain. You see that I am very yong, Dr Halifax. Perhaps I look younger than I am-mv age is twrenty-two. Sly husband is twenty years miy senior. lie would, however, be 'considered by most people still a young - man. Io is a great scholar, and has always had more or less the habits of a recluse. Hie is fond of living in his library, and likes-nothing better than to be surrounded by bhooks of all sorts. Every modern book worth reading is 'forwarded to him by its publisher -He is a very interest. iag man and- a brilliant - conversationalist. Perhaps oiiught to ;put all this in the past tense, forno lho scarcely ever speaks-he reads next to nothing-it is dillncult to per suande him' to eat-he will not leave the house -heli used to haivea rather ruddy complexion -he is nior ideadly pale and terribly ama elated. He- sighs in the most heartrending manner, and seems to be in as - state of ex creme nervous tension. In short, he is very ill, and yet he seems to have no bodily disease. His eyes have a terribly startled expression in them-his hand trem bles so that he c'an isearely raise a cup of tea to his lips. In short. he looks like a man who has seen aghost."; ' ': " Wfendd these symltoms' begin to ap. pearl"'I esctd. "It is 'mid winter 'nosw,"' said Lady Studley. " The queer symptomns began to shots' themselved in my husband in October. Theylhave been growing worse and worse. In -short, 1 can stand them no. longer,,' she. continued, giving way ' to a shlort,C h-byterical sob.' "'I felt I mnst conse to someone-I have heard of you. Do, do come: and save sa.- J)o cmnie arid find out what" is the matter with my wretched husband." "Ivili wriwte toyou to-night," Isaid, in as kind a voice as 1 could muster, for the pretty anxious wife interested me already. " It may notbe possible forms to stay at Studley Grange for'a week, but in any casel I can pro mise to come and-see the patient., One visit willprobably be sufficient-what your hus band wants is; no doubt, complete change." " Oh; yes- yes," oho replied, standing up now. -" I have said so scores of times, buo Sir Henry woi't stir from Studley-nothing w'illindue hiumto go away. le won't'even leave his own special bedroom, although 'I axpect he has dreadful nights."' Two hectic spots burnt in her cheeks as she spoke. I looked at htratteetively. ""You sillforgive mie for speaking," Isaid, "but you do not look at all well yourself. 1 should like to precoribe for you as well as your husband." "Thank you," she answered, "I am not -very strong. .I never have been, but that is nothing-I mean that my health is not a thing of consequence at present. Well, I mnst not take up any more of your time. I shall expect to get a letter from you to maorrow'mornig. P'lease address it to Lady' Studley, Grosvenor Hotel, Victoria." 'She touched my hand with fingers that brnt liken living seal and left the room. 1 thonght'her,'ery ill, and was sure that if Iconudiseesoy way to spending a week at Studloe (dreu~ing'e) hould have two patients instead of one. It is always difficult for a busy doctor to leave home, but after carefully; thinking matters over, I resolved to comply with LadylStodley's request. Accordinoly, two days later saw me onmy way to Wiltshiro and to Studley Grange. A brnugham with two: smart horses was waitingr at the station. To my surprise I saw that Lady Studley had come herself to fetch ame. " I don't know how to. thank- you,'" she said, giving me a feverish clasp of her hand. "Youn visit fills me' with hope-I believe that you will discovecwhat is really wrong. Home l" she-said. giving a quick, imperious direction to the footman who appeared at the windoas of the carrisge. We bowled forward at a rapid pace, and she continued: 'a..x!.a;;t~m~aamat you ta-day to tell you r~rhave iiaed a littis gtlue .itla'iegacd to your visit.' I' have 'not told Sir Henry that -'on are cominm here in the capacity of a dostor." Here she uaused and gave me one of her restless glances. " Do you mina ?"d ble ase'. " What hBave you eaid about me to Sir Xenry 2" I insjuired. " That you are a treat friend of the Onslows, and that I have asked yon here for a week's ohange," she suns-ered immediately. "A A a guest, my husband will be polite and delightlul to you-as a doctor, be would treat you with ECant civility, all would probably give you little or none of Iris ceotidence." I was quite silent for a moment after Lndv Stidiyp had told me this. Then I said : " Had I known that I was not to come to your homse in the capacity of a msaical man, I miiht have ro-considered my earnest desire to help.you." She turned very pale when I said this, and tears filled her eyes. "Never mind,"I said now, for I could not but be touched but by her extremely pathetic and saforing face, by the look of great illness. which was manifested in every glance. "Never mind now; I am glad you have told me exactly the terms on which vou wish mo to approach your hnuband; but I think that I can so put matters to Sir Henry that he will he glad to consult me in my medical capacity." " Oh, but lie does not even know that Isuspeathis illness. It would never do for him to knowio. I supect I 1sae! I fear! but I' say nothing. Sir Henry would be much more miserable than he is now, if he thought that I guessed that there is anything wrong with him." " It is impossible for me to come to the -Grange except as a medical man," Ian swered firmly. "I will tell Sir Henry that you ha se seen -some changes in lm, and have asked me to visit him as a doctor. Please trust me. Nothing will be said to Si your husband that can make aidtters at all dol nncomfortable for you." un Lady Studley did not venture any further remonstrance, and we now approached the we old Grange. It was an irregular pile, built Sa, evidentlyaccording to the swants of the dif- of ferent families who had lived init. The co: building was long and rambling, with rows els of windows filled up with panes of lattice th glass. In front of the house was mi a sweeping lawn, which, even at this m time of the year, presented a vel- so vety and well-kept appearance. We drove ni rapidly round to the entrance door, and a he moment laterI found myself in the presence ne of my hoatand patient. Sir Henry Studley us wasatallman with avery slight stoop, and do an aquiline nose and rather noble face. His v, eyes were dark, and his forehead inclined to be bald; There was a courtly, old-world sort of look about him. He greeted me with ex treme friendliness, and we went into the hall, a very large and lofty apartment, to tea. Si Lady Studley was vivacious and lively in the extreme. While she talked the heetio spotscame out again on her cheeks. Myv on- gt easiness about her increased as I noticed P' these symptoms. I felt certain that she was not only consumptive, but in all probability " she was evarnnow the victim of an advanced T stage of phthisis. I felt far more anxious hi about her than about her husband, who ap. ni peared to me at that moment to he nothing do more than a somewhat nervous and hypochon. o driscal person. This state of things seemed easy to amcount for in a scholar and a man of os sedentary habits. A Iremarked about the age of the house, and o, my host became interested, and told me one or two stories of the old inhabitants of the di Grange. He said that to-morrow he would vi have much pleasure in taking me over the h building. m " Have you a ghost hiere i" I asked, with a I b laugh. ol I don't khow what prompted me to ask the a question. The moment I did so Sir Henry tl turned white to his lips, and Lady Studley held up a warning finger to me to intimate ri that I was on dangerous ground. I felt that y I was, and hastened to divert the converes tion into safer channels. Inadvertently I had fi touched on a core spot. I scarcely regretted n having done so, as the flash in the baronet's h troubled eyes, and the extreme agitation ai of his face, showed me plainly that tl Lady Studley was right when she spoke hi of his nerves being in a very irritable con dition. Of oonrse, I did not believe in bh ghosts, and wondered that a man of Sir' tl Henry's calibre could be at all under the in- tt luence of this old-world fear. LI am sorrythat we have no one to meet it you," lie said, after a few remarksof a som- el monplace character had divided us from the m ghost question. "Bot to-morrow several Is friends are coming, and we hope you will n, have a pleasant time. Are you fond of hunt. ng? " p I answered that i uced to be in the old days, before medicine and patients occupied tt all my thoughts. ft "If this open weather, continues, I can e probably give yon someof your favorite pas- is time," rejoined Sir Henry.; " and now per- (, laps you would like to hbe hown' to youir , room.' of ly bedroom was min a modern wing of the re house, and looked as cheerful and as unethost- ni like as it was possible for a room to be. I did lo not rejoin myhost and hostess until dinner- is time. We had.iasociable little meal, at Wyhieh I nothing of 'any importance occurred, and p: shortly after the servants withdrew,.Lady V Studley left Sir Henry and msoe to onrelves. b, She gave me another warning glance as she he left the room. I had already quite made up ai my mind, hioever, 'to tell Sir Henry the w motive of my visit. tc The moment the door closed behind his - wife, he started up and asked me if I e would mind coming with him into his T library. al "The fact is," he said, ' I am parti- rc cularlyglad you have come down. I want at to have a talk with you about my wife. She g1 is extremely unwell"- fi: I signified my willingness to listen to any- ti thing Sir Henry :might say, and in a few a0 minutes we found ourselves comfortably a' established in a splendid old room, completely m clothed with books from ceiling to floor. " These are my treasures,"said the baronet, b waving his hand in the direction of an old it bookcase, which contained, I saw at a glance, some very rare and precious first editions. tl " These are my friends, the companions of my hours of solitude. Now sit down, Dr Ti Halifer.; makeyourselfathome. Yeouhave d comehere as aguest, but Ihave heard of you before, and am inclined to confide in you. I must frankly say that I hate your profession as a rule. I don't believe in the omniscience of medical men, 0 but moments come in the lives of r all men when it is necessary to 7 unburden the mind to another. May I give if you my confidence ?"6 One moment first," Isaid. "I can't deceive you, Sir Henry. I~hevecome here, not in the capacity of a guest, but as your wife's medical man. She has been anxious ' about you, and she begged of me to come and..stay here 'for a few days in order to r render yon anynmedical assistance within my power. I only knew, on my way hereto-day, that she had not acquainted you with the nature of my visit."' WVhile I was speaking, Sir Henry's face became extremely watchful, eager. and tensE. " This is remarkable," be said. " So t Lucilla is anxious about-me? I was not aware ° that I ever gave her the leastclne to the fact that I am not -in perfect health. This is very strange-ii troubles mne." He looked agitated. He placed pne long, .thin hand on the little table which stood near, andpouringouta glassof wine, drank it a. I noticed as he did so the nervousne trembling i of his hand. I glanced at Lis face, and saw that it was thin to emaciation. " Well,"hesaid, "I am obliged to you for being perfectly frank with me. lly wife scarcely did well toconceal the object of your visit. Bnt now shatyon have come, I shall make use of you both for myself and for 'her." ' Then you are not nell? "Iaskcd. "Well! " he answered, with 'almost a shout. "Good God, no! I think I am going mad. -I know-I know that unless relief soon comes I shall die or become a raring maniac." "No, nothing of the kind," I answered, 1 coothingly.; "you probably want chance. This is a dne old house, but dull, no doubt, 'in winter. Why don't you go away I-to the Riviera, ursome other place where there is plenty of sunshine? Why do you stay here ? The air of this place is too damp tobe good for either you or yourwife. SirHenry sat silent for a moment, then he -said, in a terse voice : "Perhapsyou will advise me what to do i after you know the nature of the malady which afflicts me. First of all, however, I I wieh to epenk of my wafe." "I am ready to listen," I replied. " You see," he continued, "that she is very delicate?" ' " Yes," I 'replied; " to be frank with you. I should say that Lady Studley was con He staertd",shen I said-tbis, and pressed hislips firmly together. After a moment he spoke. " You are right," he replied. ".1 bad her examined by a medical man- Sir Joseph Dunber-when I was 1,ist in London: he said her lungs were considerably altrcted, a id that, in short, she was far from well." " Did he not order you to winter atbrcad ?" " He did, but Lady Stndlgy opposed the idea so strenuously that I was obliged to yield to her entreatiep. 'Consumption does not seem to taho quite the ordinary form with her. she is reotless, she longs for cool air, 01,0 goos out on quite cold disys, in a closed carriege, it is true. Still, excpi at night,sho does not regard herself in any sense as an invalid. She has immense spirit-i think she will keep up ustil she dies." " You speak of her being an invalid at night," I replied. " What ore hor symo tome ?" Sir Henry shuddered quite visibly. "Oh, those awfulnights," ho answored. "Hwo happy would many poor mor fala be but for the terrible time of darkness. Lady Studley had dreadful nights for some time; perspirations, cough, restlessness, bad dreams and all the rest ofit. But I muot hasten to tellyon my story quito briefly. In tie be ginning of October we saw Sir Joseph Dun. bar. t should then, by his advice, have taken Lady Studley to the Riviera, but she oppoased the idea with suah passion and din. trees, thatl abandoned it," Sir Henry paused here, and I looked at him attentively. I remembered at that moment what Lady Studley had said about her hnsband refusing to leave the Grange under any circumstances. What a strange game of cross-purposes these two were play. I ing. How was it poasible for me to get at the truth? ' " At my wife's earnest request," continued Sir Henry, "we returned to the Grange.She declared her firm intention of remaining here until she died. " Soon after our return she suggested that we should occupy eeparats rooms at night, . reminding me, when she made the request, of the infectious nature of consumption. I complied with.her wish on condition that I slept in the room next here, and that on the smallest emergency I should be sum moned to her aid. This arrangement was made, andherroomopenas intomine. I have sometimes heard her moving about at night-I have often heard her cough, and I have often heard her sigh. But she has never once sent for me, or given me to understand that she required my aid. She does not think herself very ill, and nothing worries her more than to have her malady spoken about. That is the part of the story which relates to my wife." "She is very ill," I said. " But I will speak of that presently. Now. will von favor me with an account of your own esymptoms, Sir Henry ?" He started again when I said this, and going across the room, looked the door and put the key in his pocket. " Perhaps you will laugh at me," he said, " but it is no laughing matter. I aessre you. The most terrible, the most awful atffliction has come tome. In short, I am visited nightly by an appalling apparition. Ye don't believe in ghosts, I judge that by yo face. Few scientific men do." "Frankly, I do not," I replied. "So called ghosts can generally he accounted for. At the most they are only the figments of an over-excited or diseased brain." " Be that as it may," said Sir Henry."the diseased brain can give such torture to its victim that death is preferable. AU my life I have been what I consider a healthy-minded man. Ihave plenty of money, andhavenever been troubled with the careswhich torture men of commerce, or of shall means. When I married, three years ago, I considered myself the most louky and the happiest of mortals." " Forgive a personal question,' I inter rupted. "Has your marriage disappointed you ?" "No, no ;far from it," he replied with fervor. "I love my dear wife better and more deeply even than the day when I toole her as a bride to my arms. It is true that I am weighed down with sorrow about her, hut that is entirely owing to the state of her health." " It is strange," I said, " that she should be weighed down with sorrow about you for the same caouse. Have you told her of the thing which terrifies you ?" "Never, never. I have never spoken of it to mortal. It is remarkable that my twife should have told you that I looked like a man who had seen a ghost. Alas ! ales ! But let me tell you the cause of my shattered nerves and failinr health." "Pray do, I shall listen attentively," I re plied. "Oh, doctor, that I could make yon feel the horror of it!"' said Sir Henry. bending forward andlookirginto my eyes. "Three monthagol no mere believed in visitations, in apparitions, in so-called ghosts, than you do. Wero you triej as I am, your scepticism would receive ashoek. Let me tell you what ocencs. Night after nightLadyStudleyandI retire to rest at the same hour. We say good night, and lay our heads on our separate pil lows. 'The door of conlmunication between us is shut. She has a nigrht light in heorroom I prefer darkness." ' lose my eyes and pre pare for slumber. As a role I fall asleep. ly sleep is of short duration. I awake with beads of perspiration standing on my fore. head, with my heart thumping heavily and with every nerve wide awake, and waiting for the horror which will come. Sometimes I wait half an hour -sometimes longer. Then I know by a faint ticking sound in the darkness that the Thing, for I can clothe it with no name, is about to visit me. Ins certain spot of the room always in the same spot. a bright light suddenly tlashes; out of its midst there gleams apreternaturallylarge oye,whichlooks fixedlystre with a diabolical expression. As time goes, it does not remain long; but as agony counts,it seems to take years of mylife away with it. It fades as suddenlyinto grey mist and nothingness as it comes, and, wet with perspiration, and struggling to keep back screams of mad terror, I1 bury my head in the 'wed- clothes." " But have you never tried to investigate this thing ?" I said. "I didat first. The first night i asw it, I rushed out of bed and made for the spot. It disappeared at once. I struck a light-there wasnothing whatever in the room." " Why did you sleep in that room ?"' "I must not go away from Lady Studley. My terror ia that she should know anything of this-my greater terror is that the appa rition, failing me, may visither. I daresay you think I'm a fool, Halifax; but the fact is, this thing is killing me, brave man as I consider myself." "Do you seeit every night?" I asked. "Not quite every nsght, but sometimes on the same night it comes twice. 'Sometimes it will not come at all for two nights, or even three. It is the most ghastly, the most hor rible form of torture that could hurry a sane man into his grave or into a madhouse." "I1 have not the least shadow of doubt," I said, after a pause, " that the thing can be accounted for." Sir Henry shook his head. "No, no," be replied, " it is either as you suggest, a figment of my own diseased brain, and therefore just as horrible as a real apparition; or it is a supernatural visitation. Whether it exists or not, it is reality tomeand in no way a dream. The full horror of it is present with me in my waking moments." "Do you think anyone is playing an awful practical joke?" I suggested. " Certainly not. WVhat object can anyone have in scaring me to death? lBesides, there is no onein the room, that Iran swear. My outer door is looked, Lady Studley's outer doors locked. It is impossible that therecan be any trickery in the matter." I coid nothing for a moment. I no more believed in chosts than ever did, but I felt certain that there was grave mischief at work. Sir Henry must be the victim of a halluoina tion. This might only be caused by functional disturbance of the brain, but it was quite serious enough to call for immedi ate attention. The first thinu to do was to finl out whether the apparition could be acconted for in any material way, or if it were due to the state of Sir Henry's nerves. I began to ask him certain questions, going fully into the case in all its bearings. 1 then exomined his ears with the oplhthalmoscope. The resmlt of this was to aesure me beyond doubt that Sir Henry Studley was in ahighly nervous condition, although I could detest no trace of brain diseeo. " Do you mind taking me to your room P" bIsaid. "Not to-night," he answered. "It is late, and Lady Studley might express sur prise. The object of my life is to conceal this horror from her. When she is out to morrow you shall come to the room and judge foryonrself." " Well," I said," I shall have an interview with yourwife to-morrow, and urge her most strongly to consent to leave the Grange and go awayv with yOu."' Ohoraly atterwa we retireedhto rat, or what went by the name of restin that sad hone, with its troubled inmates. I must confess that, comfortable as my room was, I slept very little. Sir Henry's story stayed with me all throogh the hours of darkness. I am n'sither nervous nor imaginative, but I could not help seeing that terrible eye, even in my dreams. I met my host and hostess at an early breakfast. Sir Henry proposed that hs the day was warm and line. I should ride to a neighboring meet. I was not in the humor for this, however, and said frankly that I should prefer rermining at the Grange. Gne glance into the faces of my host and hostess told me only teo plainly that 1 had tuo very serious patients on my hands. Lady Studley looked torri'ly weak and rarited-tho heetir spots on he, cheeks, t the gleaming glitter of her eyes, the parched -lips, tbo long, white, emaciated hands, all showed only too plainly the strides the malady under which she was euffering woo making. \- After all, I cannot urge that poor girl to go abroad,"I said to myaeIf. " She is hasten I ing rapidly to her grave, and no power on earth can save her. She looks as if there were extensive disease of the lungs. How restless her eyes are, too I I would much rather testify to Sir Henry's sanity than to hers." Sir Henry StdrlLy also bore traces of a eleepless night-his face was bloodless; he averted his eyes from mine; he ate next to nothing. (TO uE COSTT7WED.) \- Messrs A. Carnegie and Co., tho cell known iron firm, of Pittsburg, have been tined L28,000 by the. Uniited States Government for supplying defective Iron plates forU.S. warships. 