Christmas Creek. By Henry Kenhale. Phantom streams woro in tho distance— mock ing lights of lake nnd pool — Ghosts of trees, of soft green lustre— groves of Bhadows deep and cool ; Yea, some dovu ran boioro them, changing skies of brass to bluo, Sdtting bloom whero ourso is planted, where a grass-blade never grow. Six there wero, and high above them, glared a wild olid wizened sun, Ninety loagues from where the waters of the singing valleys run. There before them, tlioro behind thom, was tlio great, stark, stubbor plain, Whore" the dry winds hiss for ever, and tho blind earth moans for rain ! Ridged about by tracts of furnace, ninety leagnos from strenm and tree. Six there wero, with wasted faces, working northwards to tho sea ! Ah, tho hitter, hopeless desert ! Hero those brokon human wrecks Trod the wilds whore sand of fire is with the spiteful spinifox ! Toiled through spheres that no bird knows of, whero with fiery emphasis Hell hath stamped its awfnl mint-mark deop on every thing that is ! Toiled and thirsted, strovo and suffered ! This was whore Docembor'8 breath As a wind of smiting flames is on weird, hag gard wastos of death ! This was whero a withered moon is, and tho gleam of weak, won star, And a thunder full of mcnuoo sends its mighty voices far! This was whoro black exeorations, from somo dark tribunal hurled. Set the brand of cursa ou all things in tho morning of tho world ! Ono man yielded — then another — thou n lad of nineteen j'cars Reeled and foil, with English rivers singing softly in his cars, English grasses started round him — then tho gruco of Sussex lea Camo and touched him with tho beauty of a green land by the sen .' Old-world faces thronged about him— old- world voices spoko to him ; But his speech woe but a whisper, and his eyos woro very dim. In a dream of golden ovoning, beaming on a quiot strand. Lay tho strangor till a bright Ono oame and took him by tho hand. England vanished, died tho voices! but lio heard a holier tono, And an ungel that wo know not led him to tho lands unknown I Six thoro were, but throe wero token ! Thrco woro left to strugglo still ; . ; But against tho red liorizon flamed a horn of bridled hill ! But boyond tho northern skyline, post a wall of steep uusterc, Lay the lend of light and coolness in an April- \- coloured year ; "Courago, brothers," cried tho loader; "on the slope of yonder peuk Thoro are tracts of herb and shadow, and the ohunnels of tho crook ! " So thoy made ono last great offort— haled their beasts through brako and briar- Sot tlioir foot on spurs of furnaoo— grappled spikes and crags of iiro— Fought tho stubborn mountain forces, smoto down naked, natural powors, Till thoy gazed from thrones of Morning on a ' sphere of streams and flowers. Out boliin'd them waB tho desert, glaring liko a sea of brass ! Horo before them wero tho vnlleys, fair with moonlight coloured grass I At thoir backs wero haggard waste-lands, bickering la a wioked blaze ! ... In their faces beamed the waters, marohing down melodious wnya ! Touching was tho oool, soft lustre, over laps of lawn and loa; And majostio was tho groat . road Morning made across tho sea. . , On the snored day of Christmas, after seven months of grief, Rested tbroo. of six who started, on a honk of moss and leaf— Hosted by a innning river, in a hushed, a holy wook; ' ' . . , - And thoy named tlio stream tlmt Raved them— named it fitly—' " Ohristmas Creek.".; 