BORIS AND I -v. {H? Gkamberji'j — "* — - JoBHtttf;]'-"'-^ - — * CHAPTER l.—( Concluded.) Doris unfaithful—it nut natural. Our eeral* Itad grafted and we-were one; we had nfcfc.tp turn the eaiwmiHwhoeltogeUioi; oar heart* were bonnd with ligament* of their own' growing; there. wia no nndoing what nature had eo willed. Yet there WM her handwriting, her on words in good blade ink idling white it waealiar, " ' . . ®ien, all at once, through the nuh and awirl 1 of it,' cams the thought of the new dootor, and m queer coldness went through me aa 3 Iliad been turned to clay before my time. The life seemed to" go out from me, and I ootdd scarcely movemy feet, a*, half staggering, I 'went indoors ana dropped into a chair. Again I read the note,' though' every cursed word was burned in my brain forever:— ; „*• I cannot marrv yon, .dear—it is impoisible. I-like you—lam fonCof yoa, as I told you in the orchard that evening; bat I cannot be your wife—I aanobt, indeed; Oh, I wish I tad told yon earlier Itbw things were; it was cruel of me to let you go on loving me without toUing yora the toath.7 I.waa afraid to at last ; Jmt now, yon are &irt;>j it seems lessdifficnlt to aay. Forgive me,; look elsewhere for a more fitting mate—aennr, ott^.-sriio <»n.fttlly,shere your new life with yoki»n3_helpyou as a wile •timid,"with i&ft;, beart, and htofl—eome one who csm love.you-better,xh an .. . ; . • •=. . , ."DORIS. An hoar went "by, maybe two,' while %he hardening went cm, while the .'lnve died away, and the light and the joy of. life' dimmed and BiScwed datthteM with Hate TMnlrose np and Iftoked roond at the difierenoe of things, .for. all seemed altered fp¬ thesame. I raoifed tomy desk, Md ernlookmK .a drawer. tookootallherlBtters, and th»y,too, bad, altered, and were .merely •OnBuwYpieopaot paper, things*© be-pouched with' reverecoe, like bitsof the holy roodJ' But "the breath xrf lavender from them got at iom« soft obrner in me, making my eyes hot ind tightening my throat. For a s90otid.or two li>iisel^ looking at the vision that p-»w out -of them, till -anger- pulled and blew it all away, leaving me with only the -handle of paper*. This X wrapped up, along with a dead rose aad a lofctotyellow hair, k&d; direoted toMiu Harilow, Raniton-in-therale^Woroeatershire. Englsnd. ... . • ' . i "Her«,",*aid I, as Nitta. mar upcfefe eld housekeeper, ifeobbled in to lay toe oloth foe tea; "let one of the lads take this to the station beforedark. Nbmatter; 111 take it tmrsalf. WhereVBoest" , -V "V * AwajT said Boss Wilson, u 1 pulled up, twlf an hourlater,atthe gate he was mending—"just as tbe corn s yellowin' for the -mabhines? >«AnmMt -wvragi^ S<m look kinder hit—lidpe taSn't serious." He 1 ^w^Jbial^oiL «» tdrnedatray, Seeling it »ra«? tell-tale. ,. • "<Mj father is«a his way, ud will take .possession oftbe farm and see to things in ay absence. X have asked him to keep you on, Bpes. and I-think youll find him a good sort. ^ Geod-bjrcu, See you again adina day when I've UnwT wiai'I^Siifc* 1 . r^arioed do^ at hie furrowed, face ^nd efiw jondnees : gafifer?" aaid fce, and 1 rurald feelthe esaroh of bis look. He was a 1 man, twice my age, and may i»ve Ivmany tilings sinoe we bad been to- v r i p * h m * 4 "j^t it's notUyit I'm after; Bon. No uae Irtintinglorbrokenbublde*, Xtakeit." "FifcC 'tain't." drawled Boss, "but wbateveryyou're after, itH take some findin',1 doWM &id; it in yomreelf when all'a^done. • I^^OTV'^m ^iok^uii' and makb ftnndsW^'things." ^ npcild iee his outskratahed band, and mine went to it involuntarily. . me'^own ij^S't^l 'track. . "'80 long," X said to the lot silence and the Western solitude, where I had dreamed my dteamt KwhQe. tolenuit of tbe summer lonelinees -as long as I could people it with fancy «nd<'aee'Demand wod oompeny beyond it 5 Eif io reaiii1ihe»!with my diM hopes all aboot in^^grinning'iike marrionettee whioh •owa««K»r<-to live- on Ihroncp «ie long monotonous heat, with no opposite shore for the bridge of thonght to touoh, with no future botai^^^k w^ere had been a fair country •••^'••-Z' CHAPTER II. '"X narid Hot dwell on 'that period—it lies in : my memory more like a hideout dream than so maay weefa and months of actual life, and like . ft dream, there ace only porticos of h whioh stand out from tbe shadows adventures, inoideoti, scraps of scenery, eeen in dearer momenta, It is enough to aay that I came round (radoally, andbegm to see things ae tbey anoold seen. But the hate was all goaei, and love alone was left. Tea, leva was left. though badly nourished, having BO hopes to diet it, and I-got aoonstomed to think of Doris as one who was dead and yet living,and -very lovable withal, even aa Beatrice was to Itente. . SO » year paaeed on.aad left me minns some tJiooaands of dollars. I had found my way into Colorado, and was a miner at one of the gnat ynnt-stook claims whioh have taken the plaoe of the old- fashioned diggings. The voogh work suited ray bamonr, and there was \- fife and go in the town, and mnah distraction in the game of Pharaoh, of whioh more in its . - For nine months I had not heard from Canada* and bad oeased to ihiakol theplaoe. . Uy father had takes kindly to his new life, whioh WM all I needed to know. I wished to be and was a solitary in the world, though X mind mnioh with men, finding more isolation in a crowd than in lonely places. But I was beginning to be restless again and to wish for aaotbar change, when something happened which 1 had not looked for. but whioh makes ' me always thankful X played Pharaoh that ' night at lCdas's. , It was aothinr more than a quarrel and a whipping out ot revolvers, aad then a sudden lane of rough figures looking on while the two fired from either end. I beard the low thnd af the bullet as it struck Black Jake, and X naught him.in my arms aa he fell backward i'with sodden limpness and whitening faoe. I had only seen him onoe before, and he had roused a vague recollection whioh bad made me look again at him, wondering what it was •host him that was so familiar. He had been at one of the far tables, or perhaps his speech would have given me the one. Now, as he opened his eyes and stared np into mine, be tnrned his lipe from the flask and said—" God forgive us—it's Master Sedley!" .''That's so. Take a poll at this, and tell pe wbp you are," said I, surprised at my own name. The liqueur was of little use,"for his heart WM slowing every moment, but it brought a flicker to hu faoe and a word or two more to hi* lips. "Gie me yer ear—closer," he whispered. " Bob Hilton—Ranston postman—ay, yo' know me now. They want me—want me for robbing the bam. Tell 'em death has got me, an' tell young doctor chap as I hopes to— He lanwd me the beginnm—he— Yore letters—Miss Doris's—I stopped 'em— His money. Hope no barm done, sir—I—Christ " His eyes glazed, a tremble went through him, and ne slipped off without er word, leaving me staring at the dyed n and dissipated features with ringing 9 and a thousand thoughts and feelings all set loose together, to the overwhelming of my wits, which seemed quite tmdone. "Long after they had oarried him away and the noise and confusion ''"as apent I stood leaning on the bar oounter staring vacantly through the smoke ot the saloon, seeing, and hearing nothing, bnt conscious of a growing fiend within me and a tightening of my teeth " as I reokoned things up and saw in all its el earn ess the perfidy that had oome between ns. The letter—was not that« part of it? Could Doris from her heart's heart have written enoh a letter at all ? It was a forgery—a triok, and I had been a fool to be flowed by ft—nay, a villain in very truth; for I had doubted Doris, and given her pain and misery perhaps a thousand times worse than my own. Yet the letter was olear enough, said the ghost of Doubt; it was in her own oharaoterisbio hand writing, said Memory; and there was no forging that, pat in Doubt again; Then ^ resolution oame to me, and I walked ont into the open air, and breathed it in with • long Inhalation as men do at sudden relief or when stirred with new purpose. There were evil thinga in my heart, but there WM one little corner where hope stirred, as if %ft«r 1 long tleen. I could feel it H I B l F P b o w£ B BwSHHFw £ o looked up to the heavens, where the stars were twinkling down at me, at if they knew a thing or two, having seen Doris only a few hoars agone. Next morning I started for New York, and in fonr more days was on the Atlantic, gazing at. the last point of Sandy Hook as it sank lower and lower, till the horizon was an nnbroken line and Amerioa nowhere. But aa we aped eastward through the long days and nights, as I drew nearer to Doris and him and the truth, the fiends grew busier within me, and gave my little babe of hope suoh a hustling that I wellnigh loit sight of it in the tumult. I' had been 'away eighteen mpnths, and what might a man not do in that time with an impreesionable young girl who had the best evidence that ber lover was unfaithful ? They were cousins, and bad been together in earlier years; he was a highly -educated, and, contrasted with me. a brilliant, perhaps a fascinating man. He had secured his diploma; but the arduous study had broken him down, and to recrctit himwlf, he had left his London home to pass some weeks' among the breezy hills of Worcestershire, the guest of his father's sister, the daily companion, no doubt, of Don*. He had seen her brauty, tier young snsoeptibSity to the influences about Her, and lie had wormed hit way into ber heart and oankered it, as grubs do roses. So] hatred totted it up and made me feel as murderers do. God forgive-me ! t It is all tuuaed now, and it wailDveV doing -vrith all three of us. (To be Continued.) 