THE MEAT FREEZING MOVEMENT. (To tbe Editor of the Hamilton. Spectator .) Sib, — By Mr. W. P. Anderson's letter in your last Thursday's Spectator, it is madeto&ppeartbat; application for shares in the Portland Freezing Works are coming in fast, but if so, how is it that the promoters of it advertise for paid agents to canvass the district to get shares taken un ? I am confident the pobllc "will prefer a scheme a Mr. Anderson says in his letter it took since September to hatch, and the result of which is that now the Timarn is leaving Geelong with 16,000 carcases of frozen mutton, than the Pert, land proposal, which was started to be hatched since tbe second of April, and by premature birth made its appearance on the 4th April, and will consequently give up its ghost sb mostly all nremature births do. T wall „„ a former occasion, when -Portland advocated the Casterton railway line to be connected at Branxholme, we were then told by these same Portland gentlemen that it would make Port land the port for shipping the wool and grain and other colonial produce grown in the Wes tern District, direct to London, and Portland would then be t he Liverpool of the West, a forest of masts to be seen in its harbour. They did get the fane, and what is the result? Certainly one vessel was laid on to load wheat for London, but It was not repeated, and Mr. Anderson knows better than I do why it was not All I know is this, that one who helped to fill up that vessel with wheat told me after be got his re- terns, " No more wheat shipping for me from Portland. . ., ESS,raiog, "math by Mr. Anderson of 22 feet dredged bar at Geelong, the reply is in ihe foot that for the year 1893,ahont 40 shim carrying J08.737 bales of wool and 21 million bushels of wheat, were despatohed from that port, sneh vessels as the Drumlanrig, large Law, Royal George, Gulf of Princedale, Port Hunter, etc., np to 4,000 tons burden, and taken from 20 to 20 8 water draft being among the number, and judging by shipments up to now for the present year, the trade will most likely show an increase of 10 per cent, on tbe wool and 30 per cent, on ihe wheat shipment-, from Geelong for 1894. Portland is askiog for an extension of the pier by 800 feet. Even if 1,fc3"s,. n!'. i4 w<ral<l ">' Ao away with the difficolty of baying to cart by tram, or load by lighter, unless they mean to erect freezing works on the pier, whereas, under the Western Distnet of Victoria scheme, it is intended to erect the freezing works st the water's edge of Corio Bay near Geelong. Also where there ia 30 feet deep of water and dose to the North Geelong railway station, where there also are good paddocks to be got close by, which ere not known to exist seu rortkod. Apologising for taking up so much valuable space of youra — I am, etc., L. KAUFMANN. Dnnkeld, April 2L 