: CHRISTMAS, 1894. Iw ITS swift onward .movement Time ius brought us to that writing. The backward count of the date carries us to the manger at Bethlehem, to the bright particular star that guided the savanis of the East to the lowly cradle, and the prophetic song of angels that sent the shepherds to worship at the same shrine. The mightiness of the river compels attention to its source. Christianity today is the synonylA for trade, for culture, for art, for science, tor ali the civilisation that marks the age. These things are hardly 'known beyond the sphere of the influence of the Church ot Christ, and yet Christianity is none of these. It is not trade but righteousness ; it is not art but beauty ; it is not scieace but truth. And it is not righteousness, or beauty, or truth except so tar as they are radiations from Him who is their fontal source. The commanding personality of Jesus is^he great thing in His system, and the way he grows into a larger occupancy of the bslief and lore of men is the most remarkable thing in the study ot the religious life of the race. The silent, potent influence of Jesus is the most striking feature of His cult. Milton, in one of the finest poems in tbe English tongue, has sung of a change introduced at Christ's nativity that sober history knows nothing about. No shadow fell upon the temples of superstition, no tremor crept through the hearts of ancient gods. The old order in statecraft and priestcraft knew not, and would not know, that there was One among th^m who would transform the very conceptions on which thrones and temples were based. The seed from which Christianity sprang was the smallest of seeds from which religious systems spring, but the diminutive seed had in it the potency of endless lite, and towards the mighty tre^ er«ry weary wind is beating, and in its ample branches will find rest To generations clamorous tor signs this authentic seal and stamp of divinty is apt to be overlooked. Its unostentatious inception is the hall mark of heaven. The kingdom of God has come to no age with observation or with hvsteric cries of " Io here !" and " lo ttiere I" God's forward movement of nineteen centuries ago was the gift of a Holy Child," but that Child has " made the pomp of emperors ridiculous." The historian has often formed bis theme in tracing the <( rise and fall " ot empires. How many empires—• Egypt, Persia, Rome—have c 1 imbed the the zeni'h of universal power, and then rushed to the right of an inglorious fall. A great many prophets have portended a similar fate for the empire of Jesus ; some historians have set themselves to trace the decline that they were sure hid set in with swift ebb, but they have been arrested in their task by the spectacle of a return- ing tidn, fuller and more resistless than any food mark had registered before. No j wlie'her men are raove^ to ic by sorrow or anger, by scepticism or despair, they bad better " bidea wee" before they start their volume on the ff decline ot the influence of Jesus." But what is the most marked dynamic of Christian faith to-day ? Whither i« it bearing men ? What is it secular gain to us ? Does it make for sweetest manners and purer laws ? What is its message to poverty and dis ease? Has it any oil to pour on the turbulent waves of human strife ? Because thene gaunt forms move ameng us, not a few are ready to proclaim the failure of Christianitv, and that Christmas is only a reminder of an unfulfilled pro phecy. But what is the testimony of fact ? Let comparison be mnde between Christendom and any other land where some alien system of human belief holds sway. We are not writing a theological treatise, but we would point to lands like Turkey, India, China, to #ay nothing of those lands where the ni^ht of barbarism is unbroken, and comparing these with England and America, we use this season to remind ourselves ot our own advantages in creed and social order. The influence ot this season permeates our entire Eocial life. Poets like Tennyson find us ready to listen to their optimistic message, and we expect the Christmas bells to work the exorcisms for which he c»lls .— Ring out falie pride io place and blood, »The civic slander and the spite ; Bin; io the love of truth and right, RiBg in the common lore of good. Qow the English people responded to the pathos of Charles Dickens, the great novelist of Christ mast ide, and the wealthy gave practical heed to his tales of poverty, of empty larders, of tireless gratus, of scant clothing, of black misery into which no ray of sympathy entered. But for Dickens, multitudes of English Christians would have put sued the path of a cold, conventional profession of an unfelt faith, and have missed the blessing of him that was ready to perish and tho music of His apptoval, who regards the help rendered to the needy and suffering as help rendered to Him. We shall make no miptake if we court all the gentler influences of this season. "To give and to communicate forget uot." Let greed take a turn at being liberal; let toil find a needed holiday ; let the elder remember their own juvenile days and renew their own youth in giving the children a good time. Slander has earned a holiday, too, aud everybody will be the better if she takes it- A truce to fault finding should be proclaimed. Sectarianism might stop to ask whether it has been exhibiting the spirit of Him who leads the world. Suikiness might clear its brow and neighbor who has passed neighbor with averted face, and freezing silence would do well to revert to the cheery word and smile and kaod clasp of days gone by. Ye phantoms born of bitter blood, Ye ghosts of passion, lean and worn, Ye terrors of a lonely mood What do ye here on Christmas morn ? For, as the dawning sweet and fast Thr iugh all the heaven spreads and flours, Within life's discords, rude and vast, Love's subtle music grows and grows. EXCURSION STEAMER —In our advertising columns it wilt be seen that the s.s- Investigator " will run excursions to Wallaroo on New Year's Day. Evary convenience is afforded. I'BNDEKS.—Toe Destitute Board has accepted the following lenders for 1895:— For rations—Moonta, J. H. Beunett ; Kadina, J. Evans ; Wallaroo, J. Evans. For burial—Moonta, Snell and Kunst ; Kadina, Pauli Bros ; Wallaroo, W. Seeley CONCERT. —On Monday night a concert was given in the Institute Hall, Moonta, the proceeds of which are to go towards providing Mr G. Metherell (>vho some time ago met; with an accident at the Mines, which injured his spine) with a tricycle. The hall was crowded, and the different items on the programme were uicely rendered. Owing to pressure of space we are unable to give a detailed account. HELD OVER.—Owing to the demand for space in our advertising columns we are compelled to hold over several items of news. ' SHERWOOD'S QUEEN—On Wednesday night last the Moonta Operatic Company favored Kadina with a rendition of ct Sberwood's Q.ieen." There was a good audience, and the different members of the company acquitted themselves creditably. MOONTA. MINES STATE SCHOOL—Last Wednesday uight a concert was given in the above school by the children to a good audiencc- The children showed that during the year they have earnestly paid attention to the t'liti >n thsy had received. THE" 8. s. ADELAIDE. — In another columa an advertisement will be found annonucing that the s.s. Adelaide will carry passengers to the Moonta, Wallaroo and Port Augasta Regattas from Port Pirie and other ports. Further particulars can be gleaned from the advertisement. COURT or REVISION.—A court of Revision nas held at Wallaroo on Saturday last, Mr Shepherdaon (Returning Officer) presiding : — Legislative Council — New claims added, 1 ; struck off, 2 : now on roll at Wallaroo, 252 ; Vlooata, 251 ; Kadina, 310 ; Greens Plains, 75 ; Kulpara, 30 ; Alford, 72 ; Bute, 75 ; total, 1,065 House of Assembly—New cUita, 1 ; struck off, 5 ; now on roll at Wallaroo, 448 ; Moonta, 1,297 ; K*dina, 923 ; Greens Plains, 139 ; Kulpara. 67 ; Alford, 146 ; Bute, 141 ; total. 3,161. Y. P. MINISTERIAL ASSOCIATION. — A meeting of the above was held on Monday last at the Wesleyan parsonage, Moonta. The Rev J. D. Langsford presided. A paper vm u The materialistic tendencies of the age was read by the Rev W. Tassie, of Wallaroo, and after the rev gentleman had shown to what extent the materialistic spirit in general had spread, and to what damage it is likely to do to society *ud religious morals, an earnest discussion took place in which the Revs A. J. Burt, 0. Lake, T. Allan, A. Hodge, and I. Perry took part. An invitation by the Rev W. Tassie to hold the next meeting at the Presbyterian manse. Wallaroo, on Monday January, 21, 1895. On that date the Rev O. Lake will read a paper «»n " The Atonement." THE S.S DERWENT.—We are asked to call our readers attention to an advirtisement appearing elsewhere, announcing that the s.s Derwent will run excursions on Christmas Day from Wallaroo in th? Gulf. The steamer will also convey passengers to and trom the Moonta Regatta on Boxing Day, leaving Wallaroo at 8 a.m., and returning from Moonta after the Regatta. MOONTA BAY REGATTA — The Committee of the above met in tha Institute on Wednesday night, when there wera present Messrs Keats (chair), Kerrison, Stocker, Broad, Purling, Lindsay and J. Nicholas. The principal business was to receive entries, which, however, were very few, there being only four for the^ first and second class sailing races, and two for the champion pair and four oared races. There were several entries for the small events, hut as things are at present, there will he only two pulling races, and in each case both crews are entered by Sims'. However.*!^ is hoped that more entries may come in. QUARTERLY MEETING.—The Wesleyan quarterly meeting was held at East vloonta on Wednesday evening last, when Rev. J. D. Langsford presided over a large number of office bearers, the Rev. A. P. Burgess also being present. Financial matters were scarcely as satisfactory as desired, but the spiritual tone of the meeting was good. Very fair progress was reported by the various Suuday- Bcbools. The ordinary Sunday-school anniversaries were arranged for, and also harvest thanksgiving services. Messrs Hill and Lathern were appointed circuit stewards ; Messrs Hill and Emerson representatives to conference ; and Messrs Lamshed and Rickard substitutes, Mr Richardson was appointed secretary to the meeting in succession to Mr Lauished, who has occupied the position four years. Kindly reference was made to the services rendered to tne circuit by Messrs Bone and Rodda, who had died duriug the quarter, and the secretary was directed to write a letter of sympathy to the relatives. Sympathetic reference was also made to the decease of Rev R. M. Hunter. 