LOOKING BACKWARD A Retrospect of Victoria during 1893—Tha Political, Monfctary,Social, Commercial and Industrial Happanlngs of the past Year— Tha Progress of Mining, Agriculture Pastoral Puraulta and Manufactures— -VM»rr aa«ia'a<». - — Tha "Economist*1 argues on tha Financin' Condition tha Province —Tha Record of the Morgus. (Copyright—Thi Federal Association of Journalists.) The year 1893 has undoubtedly proved tothe pessimist much that his carping soul delights in, for in good truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent depression with which it was ushered in Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in rotten commercial and financial institutions have been' common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed along at high-pressure speed in their efforts to record the rotteness of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial quid nuncs ambiguously advised their friends ■ that such:and-such a hank would be the next j to go, and their prognostications, unfortu . nately, proved only too true. The '* busy j haunts of men11 were peopled with victims of ■ the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces J ■ hurrying along, to the banks they were . interested in to find the doors closed. * The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, affairs discussed, ^ depositors and shareholders, in many . instances, were bewildered by the array of j figures presented to them either upon printed j sheets or delivered ore rotundo. But dissatis* ^ faction was paramount. Accountants of ^ long-standing and experience were called j upon to explain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so far c as mathematical questions were concerned. ^ Persons in high places were openly accused | of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hear* j ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing p the fradulent delinquents to terms of im- g r prisonment), whilst in other instances, the p law’s delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it ^ was not until after protracted Police Court B proceedings that anything approaching j the functions of magisterial ruling was ^ correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be k decided by the higher authorities what p course justice will take in her endeavours to ^ sheet home fraud and corruption to those » directly accused. It is still a matter of wonder that many directors immediately con concerned in the working of the several banks 'which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. Why in their position of trust, direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above the Plimsoll mark, so to. speak, of safety and solvency. not know the' meaning of the term so much so that when the banks re .. opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers’ offices, and implored, with all the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Of course their requests were not acceded to, and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were by no means to blame. There were many shareholders and favored depositors who had received large overdrafts and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals which should have remained almost intact to ensure the stability of the several banks they were placed in. In a word, the reckless \- allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of of the suspension. -Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. . , Diddlem Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq., and others of their ilk, appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance- sheets and press reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply gave tout through the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of com mercial indigesiion was the result. Matters having reached a critical point political influence,-with the sanction of the Acting Governor, intervened, and on Sunday,30th April, a Government Gazette was issued, pro claiming five days’ holiday for the banks with the view of allaying the public panic. This action on the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, jst May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in the history of the Australias. The suspended and re-coustructing banks at this time were the English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but remained closed in obedience to the Govern ment proclamation. Of the six remaining banks of issue, four, via., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the ' Government notification and remain closed. ' The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict and opened transactions in all business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank \- collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank \---t of Victoria after forty years’ business; The Cify Bank put off the imminent day till the 17th, when its doors were closed, and at the end of January the Federal Bank joined the throng. The English press had likewise condemned the action of the Victorian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction was rampant among all. those emmeshed in the financial net. The only allurement held out was a promise to pay in five years’ time, when more than probably the only result will he a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in medias ra into the chief cause of the year's dire depression, without regard to strict chronological order in the relation of matter from the commencement of 1803. On the 4th of April the Com mercial. Bank suspended payment, on the. 12th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on the 25th the London Chartered Bank gave up the -ghost; the Standard, which in 1892 had been forced to accept the inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April o! this year; , and the following day saw the suspension .of the National Bank. , \- ■ Leaving suspended banks. to revert to Other financial institutions it is refreshing to reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies are advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confidence of the community. \- Certainly large’ bonuses are an alluring bait, butwfien it is considered that the best soci’eties . have carefully considered the . advantages ofan accumulated bonus scheme 7 • i:„. fair praise must be to policy holders,,fair praise Recorded to them. Premising that death should ’ occur-within twenty .five years of of- assurance, if the premiums are paid ‘ the “m MSurpd X.m addition returned " -”?rrd the new pension'scheme in view of the Lray of bank suspensions we quoted.and \ dieted upon as arpreliminary or preface to ... iO!>atea u>i -. h ruld absolutely commend itselfTo'th'e'consideration of alf who wish £} bu Mcflte in the event oi evil times falling upon them. In short ihero is no piaible assurance but mutualassuranoe, and the best i f mutual ausurnnce is with those con.j ai'ies w! ose assets avc (n the Bpot. The Mutual of kictoria • .. has evidently pro filed ly ti e di set ous experiences of fallen financial iuK-itutions and bettered the instrcc ti n by ev. 1 i-g mie and secure advantages for ail annuitants. Its management is '“in the know,” c nccining Australian monetary matters far more so than any foreign Assurance Society officers, hence there can be no two opinions concerning the choice of Institution with 'which to wansact Life Assurance. This particular society on its last annual distribution of bonuses did ao from a fund i f over £1,00'*,000, the cash value of which exceeded £560,000. In the preceding’ year, 1892, 12,5S5 new policies were issued for a'Eurancea, amounting to £3,791,221. the new nnnual income from premiums being £126,014. The funds now amount to £11,328,418. \- And passing from Life Assurance to death, wh’ch is not on abrupt transition, the opening • f the new year was marked by the decease < f the Chief Justii e of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Higinbotham, who bad expired on the last day of the old year. In life he had been a consistent and uncompromising democrat. Ite had lived, for forty years in Victoria, and during an active and busy le al, joliticnl, ai d journalistic career, the only reward for ] nliiic duties performed ho looked for was from the people. Be declined knighthood, but he received with undisguised appreci-tion 1 tie vote of thanks tendered bv Parliament fir tire stupendous t:sk be had performed, that of consolidating the Victorian statutes. Be died of in art disease, brought on by overwork, at the age of 66. According to his express wishes enjoined daring the last ten yiars of his life ho was to be buried privately, which act was performed much to the disappointment of the whole community, by whom he was revered and 1 ved for his nmiability, devotion to duty, n'ml Iiis con- ^ just Continuing* the obituary record for the yesr, it may be recorded that on the 17th of January, Dr. Titos. Emhiing. Member legislative Council, dtparted this lite. He bad been an early adv cate for the Light Hour movement, the lands’Transfer Act, and also protective duties. By cable from England it was learnt that James McCulloch, who had once been a most power ful political factor in Victoria had died on the 31st January, at Ewell, gu-r y, in his seventy fourth year. He was Pr mier of the colony on four different occasions. In March, Matthew Lang, ex-mayor of Melbourne, who had filled the mayoral chair for three successive years died E. L. Steinfeld, M.L.C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday morning, 16th April. In the following month David Robert Wyilie, • member for Korth Melbourne, in the Legislative Assembly, and Labour Party advocate, died of syncope of the heart, supervening an a<tack of paralysis, at the early age of 36. Wm. Pcanon, M.L.C., for the Eastern Province, died 10th August. The probate duty paid in this estate added largely to the public revenue. The property I detailed in the late gentle man's will and liable < to the payment of duty, was sworn at £205,613, upon which £20,561 was paid as iuty. Fnrtheimore the property comprised n settlements liable to duty, was stated at £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The iuty paid in all totaled £22,551. Among he real estate was Kilmmy Park, the well mown sheep station, near Rosedale. James ! Campbell, Minister of Public Instruction and Commissioner of Customs, died on Saturday, 6th September, of cancer, after many week’s if terrible suffering. Tiie Government iffices were closed at noon on the 18th Inst. a a token of respect for the deceased. At , Jendigo on the same day another veteran ’arliamentarian, llobert Burrowes, M L.A., aaaed away. He had been elected altogether i levin timeB, and his Parliamentary ex critnee extended over twenty-seven years. )n Tuesday, rd October, Robert E. Wnllan, ■ell.known in liter ry and cnmmi roini circles, ied on board the s.s. Wairarapa, at Auck md, N.Z., of paralysis Another well nown and esteemed colonist, the Revd. f ’low Kane, whose Victorian career had been onored and lengthy, died at Brighton, on 1 Ith November. (To be Continued.) ' 