The Bronzewing Cricket Club. (By an Australian, in the G lobe.) W® were known as the Wallabies and we rather fancied ourselves, sported colours, and laid claim to the title of the premier inland cricket club in =any direction. Witbin a get-at-able circumference we had beaten everything. One after the other, every township had succumbed to the might of our crack bats and the invincible swiftness of our two left-handed bowlers. And we yearned for fresh wnrMo tn nnnnmir. There had even rrone rmmd a bated whiBpor of the metropolis, coupled with such names as Bruce and Bannerman, * Syd' Gregory and 'Sammy' Jones, Why shonld we not venture to show ourselves at Moore Park, and ?discover whether ' Long Jim's' terrific yorkers, or ' Sludger Mick's' deadly breaks would prove as effective there as on their native soil ? We were fall of pride, inflated with the consciousness of a long triumphant season, and determined that ere another arrived the name of the Wallaby C.C. should be as familiar as household words in Aus tralian mouths. Things were at this stage when the secretary of the club received a letter— a badly-spelled, atrociously-written challenge, sealed with the imprint of a great dirty thumb. It ran ,c Us, as calls ourselves the Bronzewing Cricketers of ?Cottawatta Creeks, hereby invites you to a friendly game to see which is best man ont of the tivo. As ours aint a fust class ground we had better come to yourn. Hopping this finds you in good helth, as it leaves us at present, thank God for it, I ara yours truly, Jim Brown, Captain and Bonier.' You may try to imagine how this unique pro duction was received by the high-toned and fastidious Wallabies. At first it was determined to ignore it completely. But we were Bimply spoil ing for a fight, and it was resolved at last that one more victory, even over such inglorious opponents ?aa these, would help to put us in fitter trim for the metropolis. Accordingly a courteous reply was -sent, arranging all preliminaries. Cuttawatta we ?Iinew by name only as a small settlement, some 50 miles awfty in tho mountains, whose inhabitants bore ???a none too savourry reputation in the matter of ihorseflesh. Wo *ode into the township early, all curiosity to Bee tha mountain men who had the audacity to challenge the beBt team outside tho capital ; but, early as we were, they were before us. As we ap proached the firat public-house we saw quite a mob of shaggy ponies, their bridles and saddles mended ?with bits of green hide and wire, standing patiently around. Presently their owners appeared, great, heavy-bearded fellows, with hands like shoulders of mutton and feet like canoes, and all evidently fresh from ' nips round.' Their captain introduced his men shortly. ' These,' said he, with a wave of his hand, ' ia the Cuttawatta chaps.' ' There,' point ing to a very greyheaded man, 'is Jack Sadler. He comes from a place in the ole country they calls Nottingham. An' he's played the game ever since he was so high. He've eome to see fair play. There's whips o' bowlers among us. But I does it mainly. Come an' have a drink all hands. It's my shout.' This inevitable preliminary over, they untaddled, turned their horses out, and announced their intention of ' shifting,' a process of which we were inxious to see the result, not knowing but what they intended to take the field booted, breeched, and spurred as they were. But when we returned from our hotel, elaborately got up in flannels, and blue caps upon which the Wallaby shone in silver thread, we found our op ponents radiant in new but evil-smelling bronze coloured moleskins, belts of carpet snake skins, 'whits shirts, and soft felt hats decked with a wing Of the beautiful pigeon from which they took their name. Around each brawny _ neck shone a green ailk handkerchief, new elastic side boots encased their great feet, and they tripped about the field and .passed the ball to and fro with a neatness and dex terity that made us stare. But they objected to matting. Thoy had never heard of such a thing. 'Why, wasn't the ground good enough, without ?having to cover it up ? At home they played in all -sorts of places, never taking any notice of ' bumps and hollows' or even a boulder or two. But they ?were reasonable folk. And when we pointed out the impossibility of scientific players like ourselves batting or bowling on any but the very best pro curable pitch, they laughed good-humoured, and gave in. They laughed still more when we tola them how much our beautiful green carpet had cost ?us, and what pains and expense we had gone to al together to make our ground one of the best for its size in the colony. . , Winning the toss, they, by the advice of Oia Jack Sadler,' sent us to the wickets. He also acted umpire for the visitors. If there was one thing more than another upon which we prided ?ourselves, it was our leg-hitting. But, to our dis gust.and annoyance, we never got the ghost of a -chance to show what we could do in this particular department of the game, as the Bronzewing bowlers pitched everything well to the off. Thus, one of our Qiost dashing bats put tip a soft; lifcble catch to a ball he should have left alone ; and another thinking to profit by the lesson, never stirred his bat to the ball that sneaked into his wicket. And not for nothing, as we soon discovered, did tho Bronzewing captain add that other title to his signature. He bowled medium-fast, with an old-fashioned de livery, square from the shoulder, and got 8U3h a twist on the ball that it frequently broke in, despite our matting, a full two feet. The ' theory' was almost entirely unknown in those days, and it has often struck me as curious that these wild Bushmen should have been among the first to discover and obtain its obvious advantages. Straight, swift, bowling, dead on the wicket, we could play, and were accustomed to. But these new tacticts, with a field bunched all up on one siae, bothered us completely. The fellow at the other end bowled underhand enormous things which rose slowly gyrating, took a long time to tall, and when iust out of reach, shot in like ^rockets. There seemed notliivg to be got by waiting, so three or four men ran out to meet them, missed ana wore either clean bowled or stumped. Even when one did get a hit at the ball it would not travel. Such was th® spin the bowler managed to get on it that it went only a short distance, and lay there ssviffcly revolving in a little cloud of dust and grass stems. Will it be credited that when the end came we ?were all out for 30 ! It was by far tho lowest score the Wallabies had ever made, and not only did we very acutely feel our position, but something like a general funk set in. However, after several lon'; sleevers of colonial, we plucked up oiu' courage, ana trusted to our swift bowlers to retrieve the fortunes of the day, especially as, merely drawing their socks over tlieir trousers and expectorating on their hands, our opponents refused with disdain our offer of pads and gloves. No man can bat well ?with broken shins. The old chap, who evidently, in a quiet way, controlled the team, sent two men in. I heard his parting words as they left their tent. 'Keep thy bats straight, as I shown thee, said he, ' an' thy eyne open. It be what they ca s fest boolin'. But never thee moind. Stay the straight uns, an' knock spots off 'n the others, an we'n gotten 'em roight enough.' And they obeyed him implicitly. They had eyes like hawks, and a most' ungainly style. But they got runs with exasperating regularity. Mudn-ee and Long Jim bowled like demons, but could find no hole in their bats. Then, ^hen they became fagged, the Bronzewings knocked them all over the ground, to the intense delight of the township, -which, having suffered many heavy beatings a't our hands, appreciated keenly tho present state of things, and rolled up man, woman, and child to cheer the Cuttawatta i and enjoy our discamforture. To be brief, they simply anni hilated us, putting on some 200 runs; white our second innings was only a miserable facsimile of our first. Wo had ordered a supper for our visitors at tha Woolpaclr, Hotel, and I believe they enjoyed it. But we, although striving to do our part as hosts, felt sore and shaken, and altogether crestfallen. When we awoke next morning, the Cuttawattas had been o-one for hours, and wo never saw them again. ?But shortly afterwards some valuable horses dis appeared mysteriously from the # ^61/h^u^10f°1f; The police-sergeant always insisted that the Bronzewing C.C. were the originators of the raid. But he could never prove it. Nor did we ever go ?down to try conclusions with the metropolitan club. 