NORTH SYDNEY ORPHANS' CLUB. The committee of the North Sydney Orphans' Club invited its honorary members to a "smoke conversazione," which took place in the North Sydney School of Arts on Monday evening. The president (Mr. C. L. Garland) was chairman. During the evening Mr. Garland read a letter from the Premier, in which he expressed regret "that his having been booked for an appearance at New- castle" precluded him from attending the conver- sazione. Later the president proposed the toast of "The Club's Honorary Members," and it was drunk with musical honours. Mr. F. J. Hallewell, Herr Schmellitscheck, and Messrs. Arthur Deane and Lester Bellingham returned thanks amid enthusiasm. There were present at the conversazione, exclusive of members, Consul A. van Ryn Alkemade, Herr Franz van der Leyé, Mons. H. Staël, and Messrs. Sydney Moss, John Scoon, F. E. Downe, and J. E. Sykes. Mr. Hallewell received an ovation for the way in which he sang "Simon the Cellarer" and "A Fine Old English Gentleman." He also sang "I'm a Roamer." Mr Sydney Moss was happy in his selection of a charming piece for the piano by Chaminard, and Herr Felix Schmellitscheck's violin solo "Saltarello" and "Hungarian Sketches," and Herr van der Leyé's performances on the violoncello, were artistic. A cornet solo by Mr. John Scoon was encored, and the club orchestra, which played several selections uuder his bâton, deserve praise. Besides Mr. Halle- well, the local soloists were Mr. Arthur Deane and Mr. R. Shepherd. Some clever ''lightning sketches" by Mr. Eldridge were applauded, and a farcical ex- travaganza by Mr. Lester Bellingham, "The Ghost of Hamlet's Pa," with music specially composed by Miss Naylor aud played by the club orchestra, kept the audience amused for half an hour. The charac- ters were capably sustained by Mr. C. G. Cautley and the author. After an oyster supper had been disposed of, Mr. W. T. Stent earned an encore for his clever manipulation of the banjo. Mr. J. Edward Sykes acted as accompanist. 