NORTH-EAST ESSEX. We found ourselvea at St. Oaybh'e, or, as the inhabitants prefer to call it, 'Toozay,' and stopped to buy the ne cessary tiokets to ' view the Priorv.' These were to be had, at ths modsali sum of aixpenos each, at the 'R?d Lion,' where, aa the guide- took pDinba oat, there is ' a carved lion couohant over the swinging sign,' and a most de j gated, dark red gentleman he is, evidently suffering from a bad atiaok of toothache, ii one may jnilge from the attitude of his i ore- psw and tho severity of hia conutenanoe. Wo ware aoon waiting admission at the Priory gate, armed with a Lanaaster camera, but tho lady of the lodge seemed accustomed ko such imprudence and pro hibited its further entrance, ao we had to content ourselves with taking an outside view of tha gateway, a very handsome lata Norman structure of hewn stone and flint, according to the ever-present guide book, Oaee insido, and having duly admired the houae— an irregular-looking pile of buildings of various date3— we wandered through the old-fashioned gardens to the chapel. Thia hr,s been lately restored, and « U8ed daily bj the ' eistsrs ' and others living at tha home of rsso, established by the present owner of the Priory. At ovary turu ono is greeted by rema ina of old work, some Tudoresque, some thir teenth contucy, some Norman, and some reputed to be Roaau. We ascended the tower, and looked across to the aea, wonder 5ug, a3 ono will wonder, how many before na had watched that same aea, had looked, re 'haps, for ceneinjr friand or foreign foe — for St. Osyth'a haa seen many troublou3 ticasa from the day when its saintly founder was murdered by 'the invading Dane, till the tiaio when it wai plundered and ravaged by an ' unruly mob o£ sohisEiatic3 ' in tho civil waro ol the seventeenth century. Of course there ara dungeons belonging to. tbo building— gruesome, noisome calla etrotahiEg along underground to the beach below ; but nov? happily blocked up. There is also a ghost ; and thia is its history : 'The Ddnes, under Inguar and Hubba, landing frois a creek elose by, and hunting for prey acd pluadsr, found the Lady Oayth at the fountain and out off her head. When the head Srat rolled from the ohoulders at the stroke of the eruel Dane, she pioked it up tenderly with her hands and carried it to the o'nareh of Saint Peter and Saint Paul ; bat the door was shut, so she knocked at it with 7-ier blood- sbained hands, ard then fall prostrate — dead.' And now, on eaoh anni versary of aer daath-day, at the witching hour oi twelve, Saint Oayth walks again — head i.i hand. It would ba interesting to raaet soma csa who has seen her, and to leara if ghoata ara able to speak in this curious and anomalous poaition. Oor guide, however, could not help us ; she only know that there was a general inclination to keep to the more frequsntevl paths as night cams on, end tfcat there waa en a old man who steadily refuse?, to go through iha old tower oven in twilight. From tho Priory we went across to the church — being met at; the door by the verge« ress, who deeply lamented our being just too late fos.1 tho harvest festival dacorationa, which decorations, according to her account must havo been quite aa well worth visiting aa tho Priory itself. There were left, how ever, traee3 of an aroh of greenery, orna mented by small colored candles of the Christiaaa-traa type ; also a wonderful baunor adorned with horns of plenty— in goid papsr — and a scythe — in silver ditto — and so we were atle to consols oarselves with the thought that possibly tha other and ordinary attractions of the ohuroh might prove even raore satisfactory. Our first iaspres3ion of tho interior was, however, decidedly depressing — vide, a wide nave filler1, on either sido with vary light eolored5 olcl-faehioned, high- backed pewa, decorated hero and there by what at first eight looked to be millinera' blooka, but which, on further enquiry, turned out to ba stands for the neoesaary evening oil laiurs. Round each pillar ia an ordinary hat raok, afiord ing every accommodation for high hGta, low hats, overcoats, and possibly umbrellas ; wa noticed further two old fashioned square paws, p:je — an heirloom of tho D'Arcp family — roofed in eo aa to prefeat the idea of an aneienb dismembered coach. The moat striking feature of the church ia the aitar rail, formed somewhat in the shape of a horseshoe — an exact copy of tbe shape of the old oak rail, not so very long taken away. On either side of the altar is a massive sculptured monument representing a former own er of tbe Priory, and all around the chancel is painted — oh, that ono should liv e to tell it ! — a Bhort edition, about three feet high, of the favorite red velvet dramatic eurtein on an equally imaginary brass rod. S3tco fiao modern stained glass has, how ov«r, been ad£ed to the chancel, and ihe aichseologiat will bo interested in a low aide window, a ' squint,' and other reJioa of anoieat d3te. One might, indeed, tpand houra moat pleasantly and profitably -in the preoinois of St. Oath's; the village itaalt baa a thoroughly old-world air about it, aB though thfi,Hifliu-:ioe of bygone ages were stilt breathYd out from the Priory walla, end raah und bold would he be who ven tured tho latest improvements in thinga, mundane o? spiritual, under shadow of thoaa two ancient landmarks, the Church of Saint Poter and Saint Paul, and the Priory of St. Ojyth. Indeed, wo fancy, it might not have been so very long ago sinee the good pp.oplo, before going to bad, ' did rake up the fire, make a cross in the ashes, and pray to God and Saint Oayth to deliver th&m; from fire and water, and all mis adventure.' And so we turned hosae wards, in tho evening light, amid the white lniat riaisg from the rush-lined msrahea, ponder ing on the dsya of old so pioturetquely present with ua, ttad convinced that in the flats o? North-e3st Esaox may be fonnd beauty, interest, &ad; pleasure.— All the Tear Bound. 