REMARKABLE LUNACY •CASE. THE CLERGYMAN AND HIS WHISTLE. A cablegram, published ou May 4, announced that the enquiry into: the abate of mind of the Rev. Augustus Francis Tollemache, vicar of Whibwioker, Leicestershire, had resulted in the jury finding Air. Tollemache incapable of i managing his affairs. The evidence disclosed some very extraordinary proceedings on the part of the reverend gentleman. Mr. Tollemache was a bachelor, about 54 years of age, and had held his benefice for 17 years. In April, 1S93, he began to show signs of ni3tal aberration. He had a policeman s whistle, • which lie used to blow during the services in lii3 church. He was wearing a large ring on his thumb, which he said enabled him to hear whispers from any distance, which diotated bia course of conduct to him, and he considered the ring enohanted. On April 12 the Bishop of Peterborough held a confirma tion service in the parish church of Huggle3 cote in Leicestershire. Mr. Tollemache was discovered sitbiug amongst the girl candidates, whom he was evidently alarming by his con duot. He would take no part in the service at all. During the service he had an umbrella in his hand, which he held aloft, and with his other hand he held the ring towards the bishop, as he said to keep off the Evil One. After the ceremony had been proceeded with some little time Mr. Tollemache rose from bis place and walked round to where the_ bishop was Btandin'g. He whispered into bis lord ship's ear, " With your lordship's permission I will;leave'the church." Shortly afterwards he was seen outside in a trap, flicking off with a whip the hat of one of the olergy who bad aUtnded ' the service. On another oooasion he acoused his housekeeper, who had been with him many years, of giving him- poison in his food. His housekeeper had' seen him dressed in a policeman's coast, with a bulleeye lantern strapped to a belt in front of him. He said that he was going'to the church to find a ghost. In No vember he went to Richmond and conducted himself iu a most extraordinary manner. He went to the Star and Garter Hotel, entered the coffee-room, and walked repeatedly about the place showing the ring on his thumb. He told his congregation that he went to the hotel in a.cab and ordered a bottle of brandy, also that he took the mareand gave her Bomelemon. He had a lemon in his pocket, and, borrowing a lcnife, he cub it in half and divided it, but the mare did nob seem to relish it. At the funeral of Mr. Burton, who was a member of the defendant's ohuroh for 30 years, when the cortege reached the graveyard the gatra were found locked. Mr. Tollemache was behind the gates, walking up.and down in his robes, but refused toopen them. The funeral procession had to go to a ohuroh one and a half miles distant, where the burial service was read. It then returned to the burial ground, when Mr. Tollemache refused to conduct the final ser vice. A neighboring clergyman, however, volunteered to perform the last rites to the dead, and in the midst of the impressive ser vice at the graveside Mr. Tollemache produced his whistle and commenced singing hymns, one being "Rock of Ages, olei't for me." After the coffin had been lowered and the earth partially filled up, the respondent seized a pick-axe and mysteriously struck the ground three times. Afterwards he said that he had excommunicated Mr. Burton. Next day when questioned he said that he had blown into the whistle, and that the bishop of the diocese had warned him not to take parb in the funeral. On the following Sunday he was prevented from entering his church, and after that his relabives deemed ib expedient that he should be put under re straint. The respondent, said the_ learned oounsei, himself had written a description of the riDg which figured so prominently in the case. It was described by the respondent as the Ham "House intaglio, and in the following terms—"It consists of a oornelian 1 in. long by in. wide, and is oval. It waa left me under my father's will. It represents a knight's helmet with a pope's head as crest. There iB a cornucopia at the back of the head. Besides the actual engraving I have seen in different lights with a strong magnifying glass the followingGold and silver and pearls,.in particular the lining cif the knight's j helmet is-silver. I have noticed a stream of water flowing under the cornucopia, j also sweat on the brow and face of the Pope. I have caught his smile. . . I have also! identified the all-seeing eye of God." In A local pamphlet published in May, 1S93, the de fendant wrote an article on what he termed " A Pilgrimage." After speaking of araiiway journey to Oxford, he proceeded to sbate that he drove to Horse Path. He went on: " It is a quiet, dreamy little hamlet. The cab drew up at a village inn opposite the churoh yavd. 'What, no ciderand ib was a thirsty afternoon. 'You should have gone to the Chequers,' was just whispered. lYe did not go to the Chequers— we went into the churchyard. Round to the south side there was an iron memorial, shaped like a miniature easel, painted black, with a soroll in white, ' In Memoriam.' There were two graY,e3 side by side, one with polyanthus all round—the 'confidence' flower. We heard the whispers again. Some one comes every year and puts the flowers in and makes the graves tidy. No one knows who it is. We walked round the graves. We had held the clue and had followed it. Then we did go to the Chequers. Ib was' 5 o'olook in the after noon, and we had eaten nothing since break fasb. A buxom dame brought in a bottle of lemonade. It ■ was very refreshing. We drank 'In inemoriam.' As we rose to go we heard the whispers again, 'Look into .the bar.' There we saw another buxom dame. The first was a brunette, ^ this was a blonde. She smiled. She had the fair hair and blue eyes of the Saxon. She was descended from those who lay asleep in the churchyard. She smiled, as muoh as to say 'Yes, that was so.' The cab was in readiness at the door, and back we went to Oxford and to dinner. In- the belfry at Horse Path we found the3B lines— Who rings ihe bell, Let him look well To hand, and head, and heart; Tne hand for work, ' The head for wis, ' The baarb for worship's part. The journey, the. destination, the graves, the wedding ring, even the bottle of lemonade, they were all 'In memoriam.' Nil de niortuis nisi bonum !" His counsel, in order to save the estate! pleaded that Mr. Tollemache's con duct was due nob to lunacy bub drink. The jury, before coming to their conclusion that the respondent was of unsound mind, had him before them and examined him. 