THE DAY OF REST. CHRIST'S SECOND COMING. BPiiiiriJAL sIabuaziuq. Bjr J. Day 1'hompson, {A. Stand *9 "■'<■><»> pnbluUwl on March 8LJ 1* not lor you to know the limes or tbe eeasune which tbe feather hath put iu Hie owo power, But ye shall receive power, atter that tbe Holy Ghost Is come upon you; aud ye ebail be wi &M;»e« unto uie both in Jerusalem, and u all Judea,aad In bauiaria, anu uuto tue uttermost parte 01 sue earth. And when He bad spoken these tuiugs, while they beheld, He was takeu up; and a cloud received Hiui out ui their sigut. And, while they looked steadfastly toward tieaveu, as lie went up, heboid, two then stood by them in white apparel, which also said, k'e men »t Galilee, why •taud ye gaziug Up into Heaven? Hue same Jesus, whicu is taken up from you into Hsaveu, ehail so come ui like maimer as ye have seen Hiiu go into Heaven."— acts 1. 7-li* These words in the first instance were spoken by Christ, and in the second are attributed to the angels; hut they eushriue the same great truth and preach the same hue spiritual ieasun. And from these words we iearn two things, and the e two tlungs 1 suouid like us to carefully study to* tuguc—first, what the OhurcU has aiways been pioiie mote or less to do since Ohnst Jelt the world; au'd then, secondly, what the ohurch ought to have d'lno uistead. feirst as to what the XJ^nrch has aiways more or less been prone to siuce Christ caine iuio the world J.hat is exceedingly well de-ctioed In the words of the angel*—" letnenof UalU>ee, why stand ye gating up into Heaven?" And that is what she Church has always been doing, and it it not what it should have done but was distinctly forbidden to ao by Christ and *»y tbe words oi the augels—mi* thing I may call atarg&ziug;—looking up into lleaven in order to learn the great spiritual Seciets atiuut some supposed myst c splendour tuat U coiuiug—and lb has very dttie or nothing to do with pra tical life. What 1« a stargazer? The word oumes from ihe old praciice of astrology before astrology bad developed into modern Aatruuomy. Men did not tbeii study die stars to obtain true scieutitio knowledge, hut to bud out what was the iutUeLce, or supposed influ ence, of the stars on human lives ami d-sliny ; they speut their time casting horoscope* aud in all manner of magic, and in talking a great deal of ja gon about "houses" aud "lords" auu **ascend ants''aud " themes," and all the technicalities of thl- astrology. Now astrology was borrowed by the Jew* (.a* f*r As they j.ad uny)uu.ing their residence in Jiadyloo; it came into piacuce among tbern after tbe captivity. And that is tbe key to the meaning oi the aug i's words, " Why staud ye here gazing up into Heaven V New this seusationm study of the etars—called astrology—for tue pur pose of gaiuiug an idea of the nativitiei and courses of hutuanUfe upon tue earth, for the purpose of the telling ot mystic fortunes, passed mure or less iuto nil lauds and ell races. And so we aie told ol a certain Komau Cardinal in the fifteenth century who cast the horoscope of Je^us Christ. Kven men like Tycho ttratnSaud Kepier, tbe great Continental astronomers, were unable to red t the fascination oi this astrology. But we know as a matter of fact that It is n<»w pro tensed by no civilized nation under lleaven—that is, by no nation under Heaven that has a scintilla ot scientific reputation. It is oontiued to the l£a9t, where it has not yetdeve oped into true astronomy, but wherever that catue to exist the old false astrology died out. Well now, that astrological vagary—tbat ukjgaziug—ha* baen mauif-at in a reiigiou* sense in tue history of the Church. Men hare always baen calculating, have always been engaged la casting mystic horoso pes, gaging either in the far past or forward into toe more oistaot future; and so we are t da by Archbishop Usher— by the-w y, we owe the ehionology in our Bibles to bim, though it is not authentic Ho says hat the Creation took p ace on Ootober 26, 4004 years before Christ, and tells us also ihat the date of tne beginning of the Deluge was Bep* tember 7, 2448 years before Christ, and it is supposed he derired the myetic number from tbe study of the Bible and the sties. But calculating forward nas bee» tnuch more the fashion. I'his has occupied the attention of our Bpir<iual astrologers ever ainre the time of tbe writer of the Biok of Daniel. I do not know, and I do not know any one wno knows, who wrote the Book of Daniel; but in (slut book, and la several others written a little Later, there la a great deal of spiritual mystic astrology (it 1 may so call it) about a time, times, and hjf a time, and about the seventy year weeks that are to eUpse before Messiah comes as Son of *ian. And ever since that time the dootors of the Church and the speculators of the Church have been engaged In barren, futile etar-gaeing,&ud; have been calculating when 'he heavens are to open and the exa t date of the coming of the son of Man in the clouds of Heaven. There is the same thing in Revelation; and following that all down the ages since you have had a farrago (L want to speak plaiuly and frankly) of the veriest trash and rubbish that has ever been published in tbe name of humanity. It has not had anything of the elnva tion, of tbe grand moral purpose, tbat is contained in the Books of Daniel and Revelation Now for an instance—I can readily give you an example. One of the early doctors of the Church, a man named Papias, i « speaking about the mlilenlam and the rebuilding of the city of the New Jerusalem, tells us that there will be rpmtrknble vnes growing In the New Jerusalem, that every vino shall bear 10,000 branches, every branoh 10,000 shoots, every shoot 10,000 twigs, every twig 10,000 tranche*, and every bunch 10,000 berriev, an<i every be ry contains tblrty-six times twenty five gallon* of wine. And that is deliberately stated by a doctor of the Ohnrch in the early age of tbe Church as what will exactly happen in the Vew Jerusalem that was to ouroe down out of Heaven from God! The old Rabbi- in the Talmud about the -ame tine or earlier had similar representa tions; and they eatd that the height of tbe men of the miUenium would be as before tne fall from 200 to 900 y&'d*; fch*t the moon would be as l&'geaa tb« sun. and that the snn would be 848. times as large as it Is. The-fart is that if it were 848 times, or even thirty times as hot, as it is now we would be burnt up u questionably. And ao we read that in this milienlum age of uninterrupted and incom parable felicity the old inu'*ce >oe is to be rei'ored, that there will he the highest physical and intel lectual Dlea9U 69, all thr neh the victorious coming of the Son of David heralded by Melcbtsed-k, or Ejtl>s. or MoBdi. or iHai&n;, or J eremita; torn He was to end ifce Soman pow©'-; and that the *&inis; were to ba king" of the earth; and the enemies of Christ were to be subject to these saints in the New Jerusalem; and that it would literally and actually cntne dowu upon the earth out of heaven from God. Now, there was one father n' the Church— origan 1 learned this fact only this week)—who had some common sense in the matter. He says th e: In place of the " presence," or paroutia, or tnanifvs Atbm, culainatlig in a great conflict, and endin all at once the powers of darkness; that Ml the declarations of the Scripture will be fulfilled by the gradual subjection of the earth to the gospel— by the slew but «ure sprend of the truth of Jesus Christ throngh all the earth; that there will be no Insolent triumph on 'he part of the Saints, and no eervile submis«inn on th« part of unbelievers In eome final and desperate oonfllrfc, but a growing recognition of the claims of Christ—a gradual acceptance of those claims so sweetening and broadening society. And that I hold still to be the true opinion, nut it was rather too advanced and too snHtual to he accepted in those days, About the year 1,090(1,000, you know, is a mrstlo number) there was & general expectation of the secoud coming of Jeans Christ in the clouds of heaven. That was doomed to disappointment, and 1 fancy that among the A iver.tiats the spiritual astrologers of that -oming Um« as the nest century draws lo a close, as the year $,000 approaches (we will not be here to see), there will be (for this illu sion dies bird) an indulgence, a urear rejuvenation, of this expectation of the coming of Christ, fn spile of *11 the dlfi&ppnjntment;* of the past. There was a mm named Joachim who wrote down a large number of predictions, like Dr. Camming*, and died disappointed in the year 121$ ID In the sixteenth century, of course, the Pope was &Dtt;'Chris% and ever since has b-en to all haters of Romanism: and then In Oliver Cromwell's time there were th* fifth nmnarohy men borrowing the !d«a from Daniel, and they claimed that the mlllenlum bad come already, and that they were the saints who should »elen on the earth. And so in Germ%" J after the Thirty Tears' War; and so In England and in Araerlo*, It Is a very strange thing (yet not strange when one think* of it) that just an when there 1* an Intense light It casts somewhere & dark shadow, so whenever there has been a time of spiritual revival—a time of rising np of spiritual energy, a* In apostolic times the day* of t* e MysHos, the time of th* Reforma tion, the Pari'an revival, the time of the birth of I the missionary enterprise, the TracUrian more* mailt, and the present display of sociological Christianity there ban been accompanying the real thing, as a shadoir, a rssncgenoe of the Old ■ idea that Christ is actually coming in the clonrta of baarenu It is the shadow attending the greater light; it is the astrology going side by side with the trae apliitusl astronomy. Now, this spiritual itroiogy has, of oour*e. had many exhibitions and uwii vi vuuieo, uwi uiujr «uiiuiuuiis bum illustrations in our own urns. For Instance, tber© aro tome bera who remember the name of Bengol In 1836, Miller (the Anion an) in 1648, Dr. Gumming in 1666 and I8e7, and of course, yon know that old jest, always true, of Dr. Cummin?, that "Gumming events" are not "coming events." Decidedly not. ■ 1 remember In 1B90 or 18*1, when I was a school boy, ttirre was a etringe darkness of tbe heavens—an eclipse had been, predicted; it came on gradually, the birds went to rest, and all in the town where I lived were quaking with fear that the day of judgment had come; " Christ was coming in the cloud* of heaven," and thi* was the prelude. And only two jears before that a large comet (the comet of 1S5k; some of you remember It) appeared, and that was the precursor ol th» Lord Jesus Christ, and I have a nearer illustration. On February 25 of this year, in this very neighborhood, ther* was a magnificent manifestation of the Aurora Australia. What wae said? "<Ui,"s&ldacsrtalnlady;»ot whom 1 heard this week, "if that manifestation had appeared in the east I should have been certain that It was a sign of the coming* of tho Lord Jean* Christ Now, th*-ee are but illustra tions of that spirltud astrology, of which I have been speaking. What a folly is all this speculation, idle, vacant, profitless stargazing, and nothing else. It bears precisely the same relatlm to rational reigion as astrology did to astronomy, and I bnlisvo, iny friends, that just as the old as'-rology died out before the true astronomy, so these things will d.io out before the spread of spiritud truth and rational rellgon A h. but the process is very slow) Astronomy has killed astrology, and that is a Erocess that Is very easily demonstrated to any* od y, because It Is a thing that concerns the senses and the in ellecfc. Do not yon see that I can far moro readily demonstrate a thing that belongs to the reiigton of the intellect than a matter that belongs to the soul, be -&U80; the Utter U a question of feeling largely. It is a slow and diffi ntit process to chance the feelings and habits of a whole Ufa, that are bound up with It* deepest experiences. I can easily prove that the sun is 92 millions of tnilea from this earth, but I cannot so easily prove to you tbe true Inter pretation of a test of scrlptu e or what is a flnlmiU fact In ray own consciousness. That is infinitely mors difficult, lean prnvetoyouatonce di&t; the anizles at tue base of an isosceles triable are equal, nod that If the equal sides be produced, the anulea at the other aide of the base will be equal I could do that very soon, but ft is much tnoro difficult to prove that this expectation of the early (Christians was an illusion, and was not realized in the exact form in which they ex pected; but there was a grand truth in It never theless. No, my friends, we shall have to wait for this kind of demonstration. A. gentlemen, who was not here last Sunday night, said tome—"I did not hear your evposlcion of last Sunday evening, but I understand that you went directly contrary to the Bible." "Directly con trary to your view of the E ble.w I said to my friend—"That Is juBr. the whole question. What does tbe Btb'e say? What "oes the Bible mean on thin question?" I say that just as the new astronomy killed the old astrology so the true science of Biblical criticism will kill the spiritual stargazing of which I speak to night It Is • ntirely a question of what the BiMe say*—its trne meaning. On one occasion a unvinist earn to an Armtm&n;—'you believe in a different nod from mine" Two diffe rent God«t Yea; theGnd of the Hyper-Calvintst U a very different Being from the Gnrt of the simple Anntntan; and ao I -m p«rfm tly prepared to say to the gentleman in ques'ion—'* You and I believe in two d-fferent Bibles," and I am equally prepared to hare the whole question decided on what the Bib e really does say when liixtorlciHy and properly Interpreted Oar friends the Adrenti ts take the Bible and Interpret every single and separate part of the Book as if' itstnod exactly an theaame leveL They take every text literally, pBif it had been written in th~ same circumstances and had sprung up In the same way. Tb«y wrench texts from the soil and spiritual1 climate and atmosphere in which they grew as living things, and suspend them like Mahomet's coffin between heaven and arth, as If belonging to neither. In a word, their view of the Bible is wholly uncritical Vou take one of those trees in the sq »are. Rvery one ha« a definite relation to 'hi soil in which ic is planted and to the climaticconditionsthatsurround it, rts character, size chemical ingredients, ar*- all determined by Its p'ccfse position. Take the same kind of tree in other parts of the colony and yon will find a difference. Bach has a definite relation to its own soil. You cannot exolain the tree without the soil, noranytexto'chapter, or book of the Bible wUhnnttaklngintoaccnuntthetimeofits writing, the ideas that prevailed at th&t.tim;*, the influences that went to mould opinion—all the milieu as the French call it—of the author, who was a creature of bis age just as much as we ar* of ours. That It the science of Biblical criticism: and that, laav, will in the long run bill Adventfsm a* astronomy has destroyed ast'ology It will take a long time, however—a long long time—for true rational ideas to prevail on this question. I rapeatwhatlsaidlastSuniaynlght. I have seen no cftu*e to change my opinion, an opinion of long standing on the lines I laid down, that this expec tation of the second Advent of Jesus Christ In the clouds of heaven. In personal resplendent glory at ordinarily put, Is the illusion of the New Testa* ment; that is to say, a mere husk or integu- ; mant, a mere form: but the kernel, the great spiritual truth, Is embodied ic it; and I think when that is stripped away and thrown on one eld* the living, spiritual truth will remain in all Its glory and grandeur. I can use a simple kind oM'luotratinn. I hope there are no young chU dren here wh sesweetllluskins will he spoilt by it. I beg their pardon if there are any But let m«*sneak to the young men and women hem. You remember, do von not, the supposed visits of Santa Glaus at Christmas time—how the stockings were carefully hung up beforehand, and the sweet f *cea went with difficnlty to sleep, and next morning there was an eariv patter of little feet to see what they con tained And who brought the gifts ?• Why. Santa GKm; he is the good fairy of the little children, who, with Ids reindeer, goes over all the world the night hetore Ohrixtraas, laden with presents, de scending sooty chimney? And leaving all eo*ft« of parcels f°r fchft oxpectant innocent ones. How del'ghbsd we we-©. And with what o«r(«*-i good faith wa accented ft all. I had a little bov who believed In It all for years most thoroughly, thoueh before ho went away from tis he wat beginning to be sc-prioaL Vow I pot ft to yon. Alone the fairy St. Niohobwhas b«sn dissolved Into thin air what hav* y«n left? The kind old gentleman ha* gone, but tuere tfi the memory of the genuine human kindness of fAther and mother and friends The fairy i< now Incedlhle, but the fact of human love remains. And so In regard to this mar tor. I nay again that thlsexneetatlon of Christ's coming again in the clouds o* heaven Is the integument, is the fllosfon, I4 the honk (if vou like so strong a word) is the fairy story; bnfc there Is the grand truth of Christ's presence, Christ's ju-tlce. Christ's love, Christ's perpetual newer to save. Christ Is always mining. There is that left Just as there is that lore of father, mothe-, and frlendsleffcafter-anta Clans g «es» Now, I am perfectly convinced that Jems Christ's words were tnlRonderstood. I rather think they were misrenorted We hare not in those gospels the pare orlelnal, unroloured, and nndlstorted teachings of the Master in regard to these last things, it Is a difficult thin* now to recover th»m. Rut from all bis other teaching, from the general tenor of hts discourses, and from his life and snlritual elevation, this is nleir T think that when vre read "This generation shall not pass away till all these things he fulfilled." we have the true words of Jesus Christ. Ht said on auotiier ocowhn, "Verily, verly I «av unto you. there be some standing here who ehall not taste of death till they «ee the Son of Man coming in his klntdnm" And when ha sent the seventy out to preadi he ad led, "Ye'shril not be gone over the cities of Tkt*©! until ye shall see the Son of Man coming with power." Christ's mmlng—that is to aav—was to be accomplished within the lifetime of th *«e that then lived That Is perfectly Mear Yes: hob what was accom plished! nld Christ come in the clouds of heaven to that generfttlon? We know be did not. The yerrtlctnf history cannot be evaded. Tt m^ybetme that Paul was deceived, and Peter deceived, and John deceived as to the «n»re form: but the verdict of history cannot be gainsaid Did He not come In that time, an they enacted? Aye. He did coma He mane 1n the chanted h*erto of men, in the softening of society. In the stoning of heathenism, fn the ending of the Jewish rtisD*n*etlnn; in the liberation of relMon from |te Jpwtsh shell, in the destruction of Jerusalem ' and the Temple, in the downfall of .the old n figloua order, which made way for theestoblfshment of the new -fatth. He came in the life and preaoh* lag of Paul to the Gentile world; he came in the Undml but cure establishment of that Christian spirit and sentiment «f that f^ew Jerusalem—the Christian Church—which, with all ice faults, before three cento ties were orer had practically ah# Roman Empire and the old heathenism at icsfeet— eo that Julian is reported to have •aoUtmed when dying,44 Thuu has conquered, O Gal&lean;!" That is the tray Christ came; ami he Is coming in that tray fltilL Vet; but you will say to ine,44 What does your text say to- night?" 44 This same Jesus, which i* taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen hith go into heaven." Jiut who report# the angels who say ibis? Who records the angels4 words? They hare not been written verbatim, They have come to us through the base of tradition and expectation 1 have been speokiugof, and theangels* words are filtered through the lips of the very people who held tbe*e traditions and expectations and had been eo fardis* appointed. Aud so you m ist get behind these trwtitions. "How often was Christ misunderstood? 44 Bow Is it ye will n it understand?44 They di 1 not' and could noi understand. 44 Oh fools and slow of heart to iielieve," and so that race of slow hearts and dull understandings has been perpetuated In us from the beginning. Well, now, that is what the Church has been prona to do—to spiritually stargaze* What the Church ought to do is al«o perfectly dear—** It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father hath put in His own power"—leave that alone—44 Why stand ye gating up into heaven?" Fulfil Christ's words. What are these words: 44 ire elialt receive powar after that the Holy Ghost is come upon yon: and ye shitll be Aitoesses onto Me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea, and In thmaria, end unto the utiemost parts of the earth.*4 Tarn away, and go to your proper work. Turn from heaven to earth, from speculation to service, from the old narrow nationalism, which asks for the restoring of the' Kingdom to Israel alone, and goto your work of ualversaliam, which means the preaching of the gospel to every crea». tare, and the bringing in of the Gentile*into the Kingdom of God. Ve are my witnesses. Have done with mere speculation and impossible xaeta* phvsic*, no arte looking up into heaven until your necks a e stiff and your sou.s are starved, but work instead. Work for Christ. Tell the worli what you know ot Christ; stay yourselves upon the rock of true positive feeling and experience, and not on the quaking bug of uncertain speculation, for it Is not fur you to know the. times and the seasons ; which the Fattier hath put in His own power; but { ye riiali receive power, and that power shall make | you My witnesses. That is your .work— i not stargazing and metapbyslcislog, Your work | is to be My witnesses, Wftat is a witness? j A wi neas reports facts, a witness is one who is not allowed to offer secondhand evidence; a | witness has to speak and give evidence ot what he ' knows O. my friends, have you studied the , preaching of the Apostles of the New Testament, i Paul, Pe er, James, and the rest of them? What is : it? Very little of philosophy It is all witnessing. , u h> (if I may say so, being a Methodist), it Is all | inspired lovefeast talk; talking of tha truth, in a | d!r*cu downright positive fashion, speaking what they knew. What is tiie best sermon the grandest I sermon ever preached by Paul? He preached it ! fifty tim*B at least. If a preacher nowadays preaches the same sermon twice he is told of it; but Paul pre >ohed it fifty tim&s;, a d what was it? It was iitnply the sbnry of his conversion; how he found Christ; how his life was. changed. He preacheu it ever and over again. Paul bad one sermon, thank God; and It was one long witness | for Christ. lie was not a stargacer; be did not speculate, bat tried to bring the tratli to ; human hearts and human hearths. Like Socrates, ! who brought philosophy from the clouds to the kitchen, Pa.nl, John, and James brought their ie~ iiaious teachings down from Heaven to earth- " Ye rIihII be witnesses unto Me"—to real men, for xeal ; practical ends. What has the Clinrch been doing? I am sick of the thbologisms of the Ohurch its dogmatisms and all the fantastical webllke creeds fabricated to bind : men's consciences. 4' It is not for you to know the 1 timet or the seasons which the Father hath put in His own power. ... Ye are My witnease* 1)0 you know the old story of AnueuB in (be Greek mythology? Ant&us; was only strong when he kept his feet in contact with th» earth. He challenged Hercules to combat; but all Horcules had to ' do was to lift him from the ground and then bug him to death. 80 long as Animus touohed the earth he remained firm — be was invinoible: hut Hercules knowing the secret, lifted him off the earth and then quietly squeezed the breath out of him. So with the Church. 80 long as the Church kept its feet on the earth, so long as its feet touohed the solid ground, and it had faith like the bi nd man mentioned in the fourth Gosotf, whom Christ healed-"One thing I know; I can't be bothered about the metaphysics of (be matter; I don't know anything about whether he is the Messiah or no; hut one thing I know, that whereas I was blind now I see" — so long it lives. like An (reus, so long as the Chnrch koep* its feet on the earth, and seeks the tactical benefit of humanity—so long as ft practise" the religion of humanity—it still persist; but when its religion 1b stargazing for some sensa tional Second Advent, simply waiting In idleness or despair until some one comes from Heaven to redress man'* woes, the world will and n.ust cum away In dlsgnsb. I read a pamphlet just this la«t week aboat this question, and it says this;—"Christianity is a failure in Its modern aspect, as it concerns the conversion of the world. Reverend «drs are chary at 'he out look, as well they may be, bat oh, this blindness! Is Christianity doing all that they claim by their show of progress? fs it keeping pace with the development of humanity? Is there anything like a * orresnnnding increase? Then by »hat process Is th® world to be converted?" Now I would cast back tho*e questions upon the brother who puts them, and Z answer it is because you have been given up to much to stargazing, and not to the true work that 11m before you. Try 'that instead of waiting for the mystic coming. Try to bring Christdown, and if you want to bring Dim I am per'ectly assured He will come In the way He always ha corao—in the ameliora tion of wrong and in the betterment of the race Yon kn«w, my friends, do you not, those lines of Oliver Wendell H-draes, wo cleverly and pungontly satirical. He prefaces them by saving that lie would have bee** more nervonaabont the late comet if be had thought the world was ripe. But certain tiring* he feel- must come to pass before we get Hie millenlum Here ate some of his "Latter*day Warnings" When legislators keep thelaw, Wh"n Banks dispen«e with bolts and looks, When berrl e, whortlo. rasp, and straw. Grow bigger downwxnls through the bos, When ho that, seUeth house or land. Shows leak in roof or flaw in right, Wh-n haberdashers nhoo»e the stand Whose window hath the broadest light. When preoclierB tell as all they think And parly leaden* all tbey mean. When what we pay for, that we drink, From real grape *nd o "See-bean. When lawyers take what they would give, And doctor* giro what they would take; When City Fathers eat to lire, 8ave when they fast for conscience sake. When one that hath a hone on sale brine his merit to the proof. Without a He for every n *Xl That holds the iron on the hoof. Tift then let Gumming btaeeaway. And Miller's saints blow up the globe, Bnt when you Bee that blessed day. Then order your ascension robeC Now, tlis oth«r day our Chief fleoretary (I am foing to close with this). !o the presence of the Lord lisbop and In the presence of the Lieutenant Governor of the colony, at the 8chool for the Blind, used theie remarkable words (I would that they were written in letters r.f cold on the walls of every Church in this land):—" He eald he believed the building, once a Church, In whloh the blind were now being taught to he p themseWsr, would be as sacred in God's aieht as any Church, and it W'»uld Indeed be a happy thing if more of the Churches were pnt to bo good * u*e. Labour, which bss been made sacred by the Carpenter off Nazareth, vu now being carried on there. The brushes made by the Mind were, to his mind, worth more than all the theological works In the Bishop's library; and eren the boiling pitchpnt" In which the bll«d w*re dippligthebrlstleo for their work sent opan incense more snored and acceptable to 0 «d than that toning from any censer swung In a grand Cathedral." Perfectly true—* rue every word of It That i« the true spirit of Jesus Obr'st—Ye are Mr wiiiowes." Let «is give ourselves to spread the feayen of Chrfotfa love oyer the world, to conquer the world for Christ, and when we hare done oar duty, every one of us, to Uie very ntttnot Up of our flngws,to tholaetsbrodol our nuclei and the last boot ofoortauft, tta^ and not Ull toen, an ma entitled to look for eoms mlraculoa* vision oldotAillibnlmn tunc tolL Christ U coming all the daw, nod I boiler* Bo ll hero to-night in this place. . . - . • 