AMUSEMENTS. The complimentary concert which is to be tendered to Miss Ada Crossley, the well- <*> known contralto, on Thursday evening next by leading members of the Adelaide musical profession promises to be • great success. A choice programme of popular music has been arranged by Mr. P. A. HoweUa. Amongst other numbers Miss Crossley will sing Sulli van's song "The lost chord." His Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor and several leading citizens have given the concert their patro nage. With the popularity of the artist and the object for which the concert is being given a full home is anticipated. The Bentley-Webster Concert Company appeared at the Norwood Town Hall on Friday evening and preeentgd an excellent programme of Bongs and elocutionary num bers in the presence of a good audience. As at each of the entertainments given by the company in the city and suburbs the midienog repeatedly exhibited manifestations of pleasure, and the artists must have felt gratified at the compliments tendered them. There was a fairly good attendance at the Victoria Hall on Friday evening, when the Temperance Choir of South Australia gave a benefit concert to Mr. B. H. Shaw, the well known artist. Aprogrammeof chorose?and?olos was admirably earned oat by the choir, assisted by the Misses Pomeroy, Rows, Wood, and Scare, and Messrs. Pomeroy, Bailey, William eon, and Koberteon. Mr. K. H. Shaw gave an illustration of rapid eketrhing, bis aboriginal pictures being particularly successful, and be also recited one of bis own compositions, "The fire at Franklin Harbor." The enter tainment was duly appreciated by those present, and it is hoped that the beneficiare will substantially benefit from the proceeds. The Cyolorama of Waterloo has drawn large audiences during the week, and again last night the attendance was excellent. This evening the ghost of Napoleon in his present form will haunt the Cyciorama for the last time, and on Monday evening a new illusion, the Sentry, will be produced. The Scotch festivities at to-night's " Conti nentals" promise to be very attractive. The Caledonian Society have granted their patronage and will probably muster in great numbers. A characteristic programme is to be given, in which the following artistes are to take part: —Miss Florence Fowler, Mr. D. Bunson, Mr. E. Tweeddale, Mr. J. Murray, jun., and Mr. J. Balloch. There will be Scottish 6onps, pipe music. Highland dances in costume, and a hornpipe by Mr. J.Murray. Instrumental music will be rendered by the Gawler Band under Mr. Carl Anderson, and in addition to the vocal sad instrumental programme a number of views illustrative of the picturesque scenery of "Bonnie Soot land 11 will be shown, ranging from the moun tains' misty tops to peaceful iooha, and in cluding a portrait of Bobert Borne, who wrote " From scenes like these old Scotia's grandeur springs." The programme is a most attrac tive one, and a large attendance is antici pated. The "Wanderers' Tourist Party" are work ing energetically to make their entertainment at the Bijou Theatre on Saturday, March 10, in aid of the Children's Hospital, a thorough success. The committee have arranged a capital programme, and have secured the patronage of his Excellency the Lieutenant- Governor, the Premier, the Chief Secretary, and the Mayors of Adelaide and suburban towns. 