A DEATH LROM THE DIARY OF A DOC'.j (CONTINUED.) I strived in London at an early next morning, and going straight to Square, saw the matron of the establishment for trained nurses whj he found there. I desoribed the cil chose a bright-looking young woma; was sure had tact as well as exp,] Making hasty arrangements that she start at once, I wired what I had WiU. My own duties were sufficiently f to occupy every moment of my ti^ every atom of my thoughts during thi^ that day. I returned home, fagged late hour that, evening, and had just my servant to bring up sapper, of a] stood much in need, when, inste: handed me a telegram on a salver. “ When did this come ? " I asked, at it suspiciously, and my thoughts ii darting away to poor Will Raymond unhappy little wife. “The telegram came half an ho’ sir,’’ replied the servant. I tore it open and nttered a groan not prepared for the news which its “Mrs Raymond died at three o'cloci afternoon.—Grey.” The pink slip of paper fluttered out o! hand, and I sat in an almost dazed con' for several minutes. I had not time,hov for any long meditation. There came a peal to my front door, and another teli was brought to me. This was from "’ill. It contain sort of news which I might have expects] “For God’s sake, come to me, Hi Come to-night.’’ Alas, it was impossible for me to coi , I had a case to attend to which by no bility could I deputy to another, graphed to Will telling him that I coi leave for Wales until the following evi hut that then nothing should hinder m; ing him. I have nothing special to say abot rime which intervened. I had the safi rion of knowing that I had pulled my _ through a severe illness, and, wearjl thankful, I stepped into the midnight whioh was to take me to Wales. Once again I arrived there in the moii r, but this time Grey was waiting for met] re platform. He eame forward to meet malth much eagomess, shook my hand and Med into my face. His manner was disthfd, and hiB somewhat phlegmatic natuiWri dently stirred to its depths. # “lam more than glad you have com?j|he said. “Raymond is in a queer ww 1 thought his wife insane before her dc ’ now think that unless something is diately done for his relief, his brain w" “ Nonsense, nonsense,” I retorted, mond has as steady a brain as any fi Bat then I (topped abruptly, e tarn peculiarities with regard to bis past i tory oooorred to me, and I was silent. Bal lond was undoubtedly my friend, but II new nothing of the psyohologioal history ) his house. 1 made np my mind to tra the doctor’s fears lightly, and proceed n a steady and oheerfnl yoice:— “You must make fall allowance .< c the terrible shock my poor friend has sustil aed.” “ Yes, yes," said Grey; “ of course, any one would make allowance for grief anA even violent distress, but the man’s conduct is more than eccentric. Do yon know what he has done?” “ No,” I said. “ What?” “ He is going to take that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting .ready at his place for the return of the bride'ana brldegrocm. He and Mrs Raymond . seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he says she shall cross the threehold of his house dead or living. Ho'has given orders that a coffin isto he made for her out of some of the oak at Raymond Towers, sad, in the ■ mean time, she has been pnt into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces sion is to start from hereat5 o'clock to-morrow morning." “So soon!" I inquired. “ Yes, there has been an awful hurry about everything.Allarrsngementsarenow,however, pomplete. Raymond has'engaged a special train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire route; of course, at enormons expense. He has asked me to accompany him, bat now thatyonhave arrived, that will soaicely be necessary.” “Probablynot,"I answered. ; We had by this time entered the house, and “Gray took me npstairs to the wretched apology for a drawingroom where I had sat with Raymond a oouple of days ago. He was not present; I looked around for him ' anxiously. “ He Is in the room with his poor wife,” [ said Grey, notioing my perturbed glance; he spends almost all his tune there. The worst place in the world for him, I should say, in his present state of nervous excite ment.” . « Well, I must go and find him,” I said ; “ but before I do so'I shall be glad if yon will give me any particulars in. your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's./list moments. When I . left TJanmordaff two nights ago, I bad not. the slightest fears \- for ths poor girl’s life. I was snxious, of ■ eoarse. with regard to her state, bat my anxiety pointed altogether to' her msual I condition. ; When did a change for the I wont take plaoe, and why w»b I not tele ! graphed for immediately ?” \t “There was no time. We none of ne ’ thought her dying until she was dead. 1 visited her twice the night yon left, and found her quiet and inclined to sleep. She seemed to like the woman I had sent in to nurse her pro tern., and asked her to sit by her and hold her hand. The following morning; she was very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o’clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how ever, a very grey hue over her face, and won dered what her oomplexion was in health.” “She hcd a bright complexion,” I answered hastily. “Well, she looked grey, but there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her desiro for sleep a good Bign and begged of the nurse to encourage it as muoh as possible. I spoke to Kaymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at “ i was hindered coming until nearly one o’clock. I then saw her again; she was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past three, 1 was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs Kaymond was dead. •1 ‘ Sbo died in her sleep,' said the woman, ‘ without never a Bigh or a groan. She just stopped breathing, that was all.’ “I went over at once to the hotel to see | her, but Raymond had looked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply tomy repeated kpockal I heard him muttering and moaning to him'., self, and in a oouple of honrs he oame. out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. The moment he saw me he told me I was a ‘ confounded fool,’ and used some more strong expressions which I do not care to re peat. 1 ashed to Bee the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a soul should look at her now again except himself. ” “ Then you did not see her after death?” I interrupted. “ No; there was ho use in worrying the poor fellow.” “And now sLe is in her coffin?" I con tinued. “ Yes. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey." I said uothing further, and in a few moments was in Will’s presence. I must draw a veil over the scene which followed. Will’s exoitement was all too real. He could not keep still for a moment. His eyes were bright and glassy,his hair unkempt; he had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of eager words. Then he burst into the most heartrending groans I had ever listened to. The next moment hiB manner altered; he laughed aud told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the funeral. ‘‘I have ordered them to light bonfires,’ he exclaimed. “ Just tho same as if Maggi* were olive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home-coming. Sho shall have her coming home all the same, Halifax. I myself wTl help to bear her across the threshold of her house and mine. She shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives ot our house in the family vault. That will please her—yes, that will please her, poor darling.” “But she won’t know anything about it,” replied. Will fixed me with his bright eyes. “ How can you teli ?” he retorted. “ Do uthinkher spirit has gone far from mine? no; you won’t get me to believe that, are twin spirits, and it is im ible to part ns. Tnere was a 1 over the sweet soul daring the last dayB of her life; but Doath has lifted it, is mine again now.” ,e paused abruptly here, locked his hands ither tightly, and gazed into the fire as if 'ere looking at something. Alter a pause ,d with another laugh : have an impression, Halifax, that in future a spirit , will hauat Raymond _ j'jrs. Nothing will lnduuo-TM-oS*”^®' 1 in her grave when I am living olose to her. Do yon believe in ghosts ?” I retorted briefly. There was nothing whateverfor it but to soothe the poor fellow. If he were not insane ot present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasonable 1 tried to show him how more than absurd his different arrangements were. “ Yon think you are showing respect for your poor wife’s memory for all this sort of thing,” I said. “But you are greatly mis taken—people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain. “ It has not done that,” he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. “ I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if yon think, Halifax, that I care that”—snapping his fingers with a loud diok as he spoke— ii for what anyone thinks of _ me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, hut her spirit lives. All the fntnre of my life will ba devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost,^ until— until I meet her and clasp her again. There was an exalted sort of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with hi™ There was nothing whatever for ltbnt to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of woe take its course. Once again that night I saw Grey. He was sitting in the drawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to tho clause whioh obliged him to certify the f aot of death having taken place, he had recourse to words provided in the oertioate for medioal men who had not seen the dead body. “ I regret beyondworde," xsaia, ~u»s did not Bee Mrs Raymond after death. You are unable to state as an eye-witness that you saw her. For my part I should he glad to see the present law' altered. I would make it compulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without ha-ring first seen the dead body.” . . „ « That would be well in most cases, answered Grey, “ bnt there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in this case. Youmay remember that I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond s extraordinary behavior.’ ‘‘•Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. “Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from avnoope or shook—the.saideynoope or shock 1 was caused by the railway accident which occurred a few days ago. Were this known • coroner’s inquest would have been neoea mh. ^ \Ve must he careful. to say nothing about it,'however, for it.would give her husband intense, pain, which is for every reason to be avoided.” “ Certainly,” said Grey. “ By the.way," I asked, “ did' the nurse, who must have arrived from London yester day mofninjr, see the body ?” “No; Raymond would not allow, her near the room. Of course, Mrs M’Allister, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and the under taker's men had to measure herfor the oomn, or rather Bhell; but no one alee has seen her, TTuliftrr, except her wretched husband. I om told that he put her into the coffin , himielf and sorewed the Ud down with his own I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my "Thad scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before X was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered, that Mrs Raymond was lvioir in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie called her face as it was when I first saw it A more innooent and a happier face it would havebeen difficult to find, but even then l waa attracted by something peouliar in her eyee—they were beautiful; but.it waa not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago l “w, Ji Jth last time—she sat up m bed and play od with her soft hair. Then in her lovely eyee. waa solved. » was latent insanity which gave her that peouliar ex prnssinu Phis masnity bad "*en ivikeutd iokoactiTo life tho flhockpfthe railwayaeddeat.' • Well, dow all was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was no use worrying about Maggie—Bhe hadgone to join the majority.-. Nothing of life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret, was for poor Raymond. Through the long hours of the night I heard walking up and down the romp which contained his wife’s ooffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and once, good God ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case similar to his wife’s? Was he, too, fast be coming insane ? I turned over in my mind several plans for helping him, and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at five o'clock on this winter’s morning, in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carry ing all that was mortal of poor Mrs Raymond baok to her husband’s home. I do not think in my whole life I ever ex perienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. We had a saloon carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which the ooffin was placed. 1 was glad to find that the excitement whioh had rendered Raymond’s conduct so strange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak iog a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a caressing movement on the lid of the coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smile, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his faoe. Had he been plnnged in the deepest woe, I oonld have un derstood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as mnch in a world apart from mine as was the dead woman who lay in her ooffin. I wondered how ul this was going to end, and my fears with regard to Raymond’s mental condition were considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an end. however, and in the darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distant from Raymond Towers. Here the stationmaster and several gentle men from the neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in monrning, and I saw that thia fact roused poor Raymond's indignation at once. " I don’t want this to be a mournful pro cession," he said, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who came and with .deep feeling shook the poor follow by the hand. “Iam not conventional, and 1 don’t wish anything con- > ventional to ha done. Where is my steward ? Where is Borring ?” “ Here, sir,” answered the man, taking off his hat. “ Bemng, have you attended to all my orders — bonfires, and all that sort of thing ?” Berring muttered something which no ono could quite distinguish. There was a bu-tle on the platform owing to the removal of the coffin, whioh was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet doth. At this moment a touching thinghappened—Bixyonng girls came forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on the ooffin. They wore daughters of neighbor ing squires. ThiB token of respect tonched Raymond, who went np and shook hands with one of them, and fortunately forgot to ask anything more about the bonfires. I saw the gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hearty sympathy and condolences looking atone another m a very significant manner, and I also saw that the moment had come for me to interfere. I went np and took my friend firmly by the “ Hands off,’’ he said, pushing me from him with some violence. Bat I would not notica this. “ Come,’’ I said, “ your carriage is wait, ing. Don’t make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you in the carriage. See, they are already moving forward with-” “ My wife—my bride 1’’ said Raymond. “ How often we talked of this home- coming! Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What has oometome?’’’ “You are tired and worn out,” I answered, soothingly. “Come.” 1 took his arm, ami he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, withont another word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the iMWBl'Mk gammer. - AV ——---— fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, I could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately stiff, Ray mond never noticed the fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue whioh led to the Towers, and after a timo drew up at the principal entrance, in the centre of the pile of buildings. “This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening,’’ said Raymond, in a light tone. “ Heigh-ho! he continued, “what a home-coming for the bonny bride.” . He sprang ont of the carnage and went up to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift the ooffin ont. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to oarry his dead wife across the threshold oi her he coffin was placed on a raised dais in the it central hall. This dais was completely ired with flowers. Raymond, having ied to put the ooffin in its place, turned id and began to make a speech to the mbled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly 'ormance was more than he had strength. He suddenly gave way, covered his i with his big hands, and rushed from the immediately asked the friendly neighbors hey dfd so, evidently in the greatest con lanon, and I felt a Blight sense of satia ion as I dosed the wide doors on the last aold, white-headed butler was standing is faoe was perfectly scared. Good God!” he exclaimed. “ May I sir, if you’re a doctor ?” Yes,” I replied. Can you tell me what s the matter with poor master ?” He is ont of his mind for the time g.” I answered, promptly. . Then God help us all,” replica the man. What is your name V” I inquired of him. Jasper, sir. I have served the iainily for a on thirty years. I was in the house in Mr William was horn. Ha was never ■a like other lads, more shy like and ■oee a hit—but, oh, the change in him >n be got engaged to Miss Travers! Oh, r, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young It was very sudden," I replied. •* I will »on about it later on. I don’t mind say iow that y oar master’s condition fills me i anxiety, hut the beet thing all the rest b can do.ie to keep onrheads. What ia came of the steward!” ’ Barring, Mr Barring.”... _ .. . *‘I will 666 him by-and-DJ. nmwB w* preparation 8 been made for the funeral cere mony tomorrow ?’’ “ 1 believe eo, doctor—(he oak coffin was gent in to-day*” ,, ‘•Tell Hr Berring that I want to see nun before he leaves for thenight.” _ “ He will sleep here to-night, sir. That is ko.xI,” I replied. ‘‘I am goiqg to yonr master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring.” “ Yes, doctor.’’ The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, which was now almost covered with flowers. ■ ' ...-I I looked at it, too, and could nothelp uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragedy whioh it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. Hehad unite recovered from his temporary break* down, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his Ups. “ Corns in,” he said to me when he saw me at the door; “not that we want you—we are very happy here together; I knew that we should be.’’ I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further develop ment of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow that his wife was really bearing him oompany.' After a moment’s hesitation, I determined to speak in a cheerfnl tone. • “Come, come," I said, “even though yon are happy yon must:not tnrnoutsnold friend.’* I drew a chair forward aa I spoke. A frown crept over his faoe. ** She goes away when yon come In,” he said. 441 wish yon would leave us.” t!r “I will ptesetiiy,” I answered, “I want some supper, ftti 1 ro do you. Ah, and here it comes. Lay ir. ou that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do nioely.” The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and iusuted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to Cud that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exaltod and more natural in expression. “ She’B dead,” he said, suddenly. “I can’t quite realise it.” 41 Have a glass of sherry,” I interrupted. He took it from my hand and toBsed it off. 44 She’s dead,” bo continued, “ although her spirit has oome to me as I know it would. Hers was the first dead body lever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep.” “I am sureehedid,” I answered.' “I should like to have seen her.” ‘•I always thought that dead people were cold,” ho continued; “but she was warm— after death she was very warm. The next day she was cold, bnt not ioy—not as books des cribe the dead.” 44 She died suddenly and was young,’ I answered. 44 Sometimes chemical changes ac count for warmth after death. Now, Ray mond, I am going to seo you to your room. You must go to bed at ones.” “No ; I shall stay hero.” 44 Just as you please,” I answered.44 There I is a Bofahere, a oomfortable one. You must lie down and go to sleep.” 4‘ ily dear fellow,” he answered, 441 have not slept sinoe Maggie died.” 4 4 You will to-night, for 2 am going to give yon a sleeping draught.” 441 don't thiidt-L’U take it. Should she visit me again, she would think my conduot heartless.” “No, she won't—she sleeps well, and BO must you. Come, lie down. Yon need not even undroes ; all I went you to do is to , rest.” He wad a bigger man than I, hut I forced him to obey me. He lay down obediently on the sofa. I put a rug over him, and then going to my bag which lay on the floor, I took out a small medieme chest, mixed a certain draught, and gave it to him. In five minutes he was soundly asleep, and £ could leave the room. Barring was waiting to speak to me. Old ■Jasper hovered about in the passages. Barring assured me that all was ready for the morrow’s ceremony. I said I wished it to bo aa quiet us passible, and to take plaoe early in the day. Herring said this should be done, end proposed that Mr Herbert, tho vicar, who was to officiate, should oome and see me that evening. “I will see him to-morrow,” I said. “It is too late now.” Then tho men be^an to question me with regard to Raymond. .“ Was he really in sane ? Had lira Ravinind gone out of her mind before ehe died? " 441 am Borry that I am unable to answer you,” I replied. “Mrs Raymond died from tho effects of shock, caused by a railway accident, and her husband’s mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great care is exeroised, however, and he is spared all undue excitement, I trust soon to see an improvement in him. I am now going to git in his room, and will wish you good- night.” The men retired, and I went softly baok to the shaded study, and sat down in a chair by the fire. Raymond was sound asleep. I knew that by his tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought it extromely unlikely that he would wake before tho morning. The bromidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. There was possibility also that he might awake calm, self-possessed, and in his right mind onoe more. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 