OUR. MELBOURNE LETTER. . Friday. According to the usages of the Press, Governors pars, always come first. I have been somewhat exercised in my mind of late — being inquisitive as to details— as to bow this ride and, tie" business of -His Excellency -. the? Go? vernor and his Countess has : -been carried out. We hear. of the Countess driving gaily a four-in-hand trap; making a triumphal entry, into a country town, while the Earl canters along by the side ; while the next stage the positions are reversed, and it is the Earl then holds the ribbons and the Countess is in the saddle. What puzzled me was what were the horses that-bore such a. distinguished pair of equestrians. Did . the lady guide the gentle motions of a palfrey and the gentleman bestride a steed of fire, a bronco or a buckjumper. No, the plain truth is that both rode the same horse, not in the old fashioned way the gentleman in the saddle and the lady on a pillion, but alternately. It is a pleasant manner of taking farewell of the country which neither of them are likely ever to see again, this touring through the land which fortune called them to exile themselves in. For to this young couple with their superb seats and magnificent social position, life in Victoria these: past four years must have been simple exile. . But at least the experience has not been thrown away; Lord Hopetoun came to us a nervous and diffident speaker, he leaves us a finished one. I am not intimate with Mr Glad stone or Lord Salisbury, or on visiting terms with any of England's Premiers. All I know is that.Gladstone's favorite tipple is an egg beaten up in sherry as Disraeli's used to be champagne jelly. But I never heard of English Minis ters always keeping their hand on the handle of a proximate whisky cup board when they received, and inviting all privileged visitors to "give it -a name." It is a beautifully hospitable custom, and it hasn't taken us long to get used to it, but it doesn't strike a stranger quite the same way. The other day a young journalist, new to town, and unfamiliar with the ways that are dark, was sent by his leader to interview the Premier. He found Mr Patterson, as usual in. warm weather, seated in his departmental chamber which used to be the ante room, in his shirt sleeves, and before him the customary bottle of whisky, two syphons of soda, bottles of wine, beer and so forth. The journalist eyed the temper-soothers meditatively, and when he got outside he let off his oppressed feelings in one sentence : " Great Cresar's ghost," he exclaimed. " Call that the Premier's office ; why, it's a free bar." The new arrangements tor the control of the Agent-General's Office are these, Mr Gillies is to displace Sir Andrew Clarke as Agent- General, not General- Agent, and he will be ex pected to be ornamental not useful, and to assume as much as possible the air of an ambassador, so that wc may hear that "still the wonder grew that one small head coald carry all he knew," Professor Pearson is to take up his bed and walk on the 30 bh of June. The chief clerk is to become the secretary, and there is to be a commercial man with him to do " the rouse about work in connection with our products. Dave Wilson I believe thinks he knows "a man that would just fit the billet. Part of this I have published before, but what has nob been is this, that when there was some mention of retiring, Professor Pearson, Mr Deakin, Mr Gillies and other lead ing public men exerted their influence to secure his retention. Loyalty to an old confrere probably prompted Mr Deakin's action, but that Mr Gillies to whom the Professor was generally opposed when in Parliament should intervene is a creditable instance of the chivalry of politics. They must rise early in Colac. On Wednesday we had a deputation from Colac, and as it contained a good many shire councillors, you can easily under stand that it promised to be well nigh interminable. But the point that most struck me was this : One speaker who, when he reared himself on his legs, appeared to strike and take root there, read a number of items purport ing to be statistics of the shire, and guaranted them as authoritative— he said he had verified them that morning. Now, the train carrying the deputation left Colac at 6.30 a.m., so that the verification must have taken place be tween daybreak aud that hour. It will be remembered that some time back the Messrs Ohirnside decided on cutting up their estate at the Werri- bee and letting it to tenant farmers. SnmA nf tho vinlflf? nhtaunorl Kv f.lmcn have proved very satisfactory. In the parish of Nambourne the yields of barley are expected to be over 50 bushels per acre, aud of oats 45 bushels. Mr F. Beamish has secured 1050 bags of grain from 90 acres of Algerian oats, and Mr M'Murray secured over 800 bags, an average of 68 bushels per acre ; while in another 35 acre paddock of oats he obtained 75 bushels per acre. All these are firsts, no second qualities being reckoned. Two years ago this land was devoted -to the grazing of sheep ; this- year" it is estimated that the harvest in the parish of Nambourne alone; will amount to 12,000 tons of hay ' and;. 9000 bags of grain. The Railway . Department has been com pelled to put . on . special trains of 30 waggons to remove the enormous amount of produce/ . ?? ? Was . ever- before' in tlie . history, of the worlds— except, perhaps, in- time of war— a meeting of an executive council held in a ladies waiting- room. "Yet this was the case the ' other ' day at Lara, when .members of - the Govern ment travelled thither to meet His Excellency the .Governor, and polished off " their business in the dingiest chamber that probably an executive council was ever held in. 