Tfio^*ladgtone - Bag I Kangaroo. AN INCIDENT IN MARSUPIAL' ' E YOLULION. :. By .Phil. Robinhon. (oomHucp.) .We had come npon a. beanfeast oi the . Old-Man kangaroos! —the Anaks of their kind—and we now saw them, old; and young, enjoying1 themselves. ' Huge; piles of grass and 'eaves of different! kinds were heaped np here and there; and while some sat round them “ doing; ample justice to the simple but abundant, fare provided,” others were playing at what seemed to be kangaroo varieties of; kiss-in-the-ring, while the elders, stret ched at their length upon the turf, sur veyed the merry-makers with sleepy eyes. So much I saw at a glance. But the next instant all was confusion and up roar. The feasters left the viands; the youngsters stopped their play ; the old ones leaped to their feet, and then there was a stampede—stupendous, earth shaking. The young people fled pell mell into the bush, the little children hopped to their mothers, and the mothers —imagine my amazement, my constern ation at the sight—hurriedly took down from the boughs upon which they had hung them, or picked up off the ground where they had laid them—their pouches. Meanwhile the Old Men had grouped together and confronted me. But be hind them I could see—for I was star ing with all my eyps at a sight no other man had ever seen before—the female kangaroos “ buttoning their pouches on to their bodies.”! Zounds ! Had we come to this 7 The marsupial, weary of the burden of the natural pouch, had evolved a re movable one, and growing buttons on its body to suit the change, was now able to take oflfits pouch at will. More ; than this, the detached pouches by being frequently lifted had got torn near the seam, and thus, by accident it may be, or by the inscrutable design of Nature, two hamdes had been formed, and the animals could, if they choose, carry their offspring in bags just as we might do, or wear them on their persons. Are you surprised at my surprise 7 Astonished at my astonishment 7 I was fairly me tagrobolised. Bnt a vicious movement on the part of the fathers of the company suddenly brought me to iny senses. Their women folk were now in full flight, hut their consorts stood their ground. Evidently they meant to fight me. “ So they shall,” said I to myself, and' unslinging a boomerang I let it go right into the thick of them. A giant gave a great cry of pain, and threw up its arms and fell to the ground. Again I threw, and again another huge beast fell prone upon the sward. This was enough for the intelligent kangaroos. They saw me whirl my arms above my head, heard the whistle of the boomerang, saw their comrades fall. They put together at once the cause and the effect, guessed that I was dangerous to them, and, with one unanimous hop, they sprang towards me. It was now my turn to be pursued ; theirs to be the pursuers. My Arab saw the peril as keenly as I did, and darted forward like an arrow. But too late. Tiie prodigious things were upon us. And then I felt long fingers laid upon my back, and turning, stood up in my stirrips and drawing a waddv from niy hoot sent it crashing into my asail ant’s skull. But what availed it to kill one 7 A score were around us, huge towering forms, all the more horrible for their mild gentle eyes. My horse reared up and fanght. A blow from one arm stunned it, and then I cannot tell exactly what happened. We were overwhelmed by the huge bodies and borne to the ground, and then I was aware that we were being carried, and then came a splash, and I found myself in a water hole. The kangaroos, never having seen such an apparition before, did not dis tinguish between the horse and her rider, and carrying us off together were pro ceeding to drown us both as one animal. But the water had revived me, and taking in the situation at a flash, I slip ped out of the saddle, dived under the surface, and came up close under the bank, where a friendly wattle hung its blossom-loaded branches right down upon the water. From my concealment I saw my gallant Arab drowned. If I could hut strike a single blow in her de fence ! The opportunity came. All heads were turned from me, as with hands pressed down they held my horse under water. Silently I drew out a boome rang, and with all my force hurled it from my ambush at the largest kangaroo. It struck it full and fair in the nape of the neck, and without a groan the Colos sus fell forwards and sank beneath the water. I had done enongh to avenge my stead. The sudden collapse of their chief puzzled the rest, for they looked round suspiciously, and then, content that the horse was dead and their work finished, they came out of the waterhole and moved slowly off towards the bush1 where I could see their families were awaiting them. What was I to do 7 T dared not move. The kangaroos though still timid, were on the spot-' I dared not show myself ; it would have been sudden death. So there I sat in the water under the wattle while the sun climbed up the sky to noon and down it towards evening. I must have fallen . asleep, for when I awoke it was already gloaming. I could see through the gum-tree stems, the West all scarlet and purple with the setting sun, and the waterhole had taken the same splendid colours. On the bean-feast ground the kangaroos were once, more assembled. Their prodigious shadows sloped across the level, up to my waterhole and be yond. They were evidently about to move to their nocturnal feeding grounds. They seemed to have forgotten the episode of my appearance and the fight that1 had . ensued. Carelessly loafing, about, they were grouping together into families, and making up parties. And. here was I, cramped', starved,'lost; My camp I knew lay. due West, but how many miles . off 7 and how, in this .wilderness of tree*, should I inltlu^dark that was coming on, chance-Upon’;the“ tiny spot where ; stood a slhglp^nttAod my churn sat on . a log waiting fonray return ? .And then, on a sudden,, a thought occured to-me, more welcome than a nngget of gold. .rnmax s-aaKvriirea The.O)drM*n kangaroos arenigbt-feed ;ers. - Under cover r of darkness ;: they 1 plunder the sqnfttter’spaddocka and ;gar ’d^na/Sapi^^I.eoaldfplloWthem; ,Tney woutd guide 'me.- at ,'any. rate,’ tc haman habitation, tomy kind,'to safety. ‘ And' I sat there wondering how this cbuld ^ dpne. . . One by one I saw the families moving off.- One by one I watched the young kangaroos creejji into the pouches. •' Saw the mothers button them on,; and disap pear. into the shadows of the hush on the line of .'the march of the tribe. It was then my happy thought flashed upon me ! Suppose I could get hold ' of a pouch and creep into it myself, and make the mother carry me, by mistake for her offspring, to some - place of safety. Ah ! if I only could. And just then I espied, the last of the compauy, a female kangaroo, the hugest of them all,, making lier way to the waterhole next to mine .to drink. On the sward lay: her • pouch, into which her young one, with a much larger body than mine— for I only ride some nine stone—was about to creep. I saw my opportunity, at last. It was this or nothing. Now drink ing is with kangaroos a very deliberate process, and the present proved no ex ception to the rule; and while the mother stooped, sucking up the water and occasionally splashing her head with it, I stole oiitfrom my ambush and on nnmbed limbs crept towards the young kangaroo and the empty pouch. It did not hear me ; if it did, it did seem to care.' The next instant, with my waddy I had broken in its skull, and swiftly, silently, pushed the dead thing under one of the heaps of gum leaves that had been provided for the feast. In another instant I had crept into the pouch myself, and curling myself up as best I could, waited for the mother’s return. Suspense made the minutes hours, but at last I heard her coming. I dared not look out. Ami then I felt myself picked off the ground, roughly shaken, to make me settle at the bottom of the pouch, and then the journey besan. Shall I ever forget it ? Every bop covered some fifty feet, and shook every fibre in my body. It was awful. The heat was suffocating, and I dared not, as the young kangaroos do, sit in my pouch with my bead out, so I lay at the bottom and stifled. Hop, hop, hop, for mile after mile, banging, bumping. What a time I had ! At last it grew intolerable, and I almost made up my mind to put niv bead out for breath and call out to the kangaroo to stop, when by the noises round me 1 became aware that we bad come up with t lie tribe. My mother stopped in her frightful career, and began, in a leisurely way, moving about among her friends. And then I felt, her unbuttoning the pouch, and down I came with a thump on the ground. Where were we ? I slowly turned in my pouch. Every limb of my body seemed to be , broken. Inch by inch, as stealthily as a ghost, I pushed my head towards the opening ; with my fingers I stretched it apart and oh, how silently pushed my head out. What did T see ? The stars peace fully shining in the deep blue sky ! Yes, what else ? The kangaroo herd busily feeding and plundering ! Yes, what, else ? I saw a fence !'! The kangaroos had pulled it down, and were feeding on the foliage of the cultivated trees within the enclosure. The sight of the fence was everything to me. I was saved. The kangaroos, as I had expected, had made straight for the nearest squattor’s station, and un suspectingly, the giantess of the tribe had brought me back to civilization and friends. All the pain left my limbs; my old courage took possession of my heart. Little by little T crept out of my pouch. Two baby kangaroos sitting on the pouch beside shrank from me in horror. I crept on all-fours to the fence ; crept through it, and felt myself once more a man. I stood on my feet. The Kangaroos did not see me, busy pulling down the brandies of the fruit trees. A narrow path glimmered before me like a blessed ray of light. 1 pulled myself together, gathered‘up my breath for a shout, and then, with all the power that I had, I gave one sudden yell, and dashed up the path. Startled for the instant, the kangaroos fell to right and left, and I sped on. Oh, blessed light ! A lamp in. a window, and in another minute I had stumbled upon to tlie verandah, and as uncon siousness overtook me, because aware of human voices, and falling into a faint, felt that I was saved ! The pouch ? All, yes, I wish I had brought it with me. But I never thought of it, in the excitement of my escape. 