A NEW NERO. (Published. by Special Arrangement with Mesers. Ward, Look, and Boeden, Ltd.) THE STORY OF HAROLD MOUNTSTUART'S LIFE. * UHAPTER II.-(Continued.) I had seen. this beautiful country seat several times 'before, but .the amplitudo of its magnificent park and the majesty of its Norman edifice, .many-turreted and wide-sweeping, had never so strongly impressed me as now. The autumn day on which I arrived at Graydon was bland and sunny, but not more so than the greetings which I received from its three principal inmates. And here within doors, what blended grandeur and easl! We often hear of the per feotion to wbich life h'as been brought in the best English country houses. Malcolm MIountstuart passed his days in this ancestral home not merely like a nabob, but like a man of infinite sense as well. There was no over opulence of gorgeous trappings, but there was everywhere faultless com fort, convenience, and taste. Quite a large house-party had already as sembled, and among these were three or four of the loveliest girls in Eng land. I admired them excessively; the lights and shades on their deli cate faces, the movements of their shapely bodies, the melody of their modulated voices-all, this woke in me genuine delight. But there it ended: these charming creatures had no power to weave over . me that one spell which has for cen turies been called divine. The fever and transport of passion I could com prehend; the meaning of love wholly baffled me. My cousin, now at Oxford, was a shy, awkward lad, immensely courted because of his prospects, and bearing ill the onus of importance which had befallen him. Blanche, still a mere slip of a girl, was slender and some what sallow, with languorous mannors and ,. tendency, as I soon concluded, to strike sentimental attitudes. The rest of the company were people of fashion, or of note in the politicsl .world-altogether a most brilliant assemblage, high-bred, impertinent, iildolont, and perhaps more than a trifle wicked. The enchantment of the whole noble interior wrought upon me with telling emphasis. Gay and amusing as I ap peared, no one in that great house, full of pleasure-loving people, dreamed that I nourished the dark project which now had taken hold of me. The 'dreams of a philosophie life at Dyan detto had become permanently shlat tered. This lordly dwelling, I de cided, might within a relatively brief time become my own. Even while I sat among theguests there at Gray don, with a laugh or a jest on my lips, I was thinking of how I could jrsh my way, by consummate and infernal tact, toward the mastership of this grand possession. Tri course of action which I in -tended to employ now occupied many reflective hours. I coolly meditated 'upon my list of victims. They wore seven : '1st. My uncle, ialolm Mounattuart. 2nd. His son, Egerton. '3rd. His daughter, Blanche. '4th. His brother, Cecil Mountstuart. 5th. Angus, son of the preceding. 6th and 7th. The twin sisters of Angus,' Edna and Olive. I am aware that merciful peopleh "will pronounce any such" purpose, en tering the mind of a man reared in codes of moderneulture andhabituated 'to the decrees of modem civilisation 'and refinement, insanity pure and simple. But this chargo,. whether po toetial or aotual, I absolutely deny. Contemporary annals of sooioty bristle 'with rdecords of crime. I could quote hundreds of cases where assassination has boon deliberately performed. None of those, if you choose, is so audaciously and abominably flagrant as my own, But wherever we can find ovidence of a murder that has boon coldly plotted and carefully caraeotl out, there, I insist, is the iomblanco of that larger iniquity into which I chose to plunge Ooourso I admit that all homicidal instinct is, in a way, insanity. ' But so long as the would-bo murderer feels, as I felt, that his destructive impulse can be controlled at will, the enormous potency of heredity and of physto .logcal loslon must be alone blamed 'for his misdeed, In that sonso I would most gladly grant that all orime is of insane origin. Ohango the brain eta Guiteau by almost Inapproolable degrees, and it might become the brain of a patriot or a saint. iThli point of view is my only vantage-ground of justiflo tion, And yetIclestrenosuch palliative. It must already have' clearly boon understood by the reader of these reookloss and uncompromising m,, meitr that I state fact and disdain 'olbeoxcuse. Whlat I was, I was. To decaoar that I could help being what I \- was is to drop a plummot within the nighty, mystery o soe-calleel free-will. And who of all the greatest thinkers has over yet boon able to toll us that we are froo agents, untrammelled hy the tyrannous cause and eiffet which means but a series of links backward from to-day through countless plhloe of 0tu'thly qxietonoe? My uncle Malcolm was a man of the world, and a very attractive one, TO ntirdor hhmi would 1)o difileult, chielly bocause of his admirable health, At home in Dyandotto I' had poisons that would work qulckly. lit thoro Is a groat deal of nonsoeusu talked about po?sons whose trah is uindlscovorablo. Uncle Mal'ohu must undoubtodly be my stepping-stone, my boginning. But I had not the Vagu?st fitontion of hmom:nllig it bungling asonsshl. On the contrary, I m?ant to make myself a phoneme. 'nally adroit one, My uncol was also a man of pleanuro, with nImny follies and few graver faults. An indulgent father, a warm and generous friend, easily moved to charity, though. 6foten forgetful of others' needs until remindedof them, he had the kind of character which creates popularity, if it does not waken esteem.. Surely in killinghim I could not help feeling that there were many whom the world could more easily have spared. For several days I brooded, when alone, upon just the method that it would be safest to adopt. In all these seven future crimes I must not merely defy detection, I must destroy it. The simple fact of my reaching the inherit ance through seven successive deaths would naturally, excite suspicion un less I were cautious beyonid words. What happened to each of my victims must happen in such a way that no one could possibly accuse me of his or her death unless by doing so the ac cuser covered himself with ridicule. At length my plan grow. plain to me. Uncle Malcolm kept late hours, and yet, as he openly con fessed, always read himself to sleep, no matter how long after midnight he retired. His servant had orders to place a candelabrum at his bedside, which he himself would light on enter ing his bed. Nothing could be more natural than that he should fall asleep over his book, and that the wind from a casement not far away should cause one of the candles to blow a flame perilously near the large tester *hich overshadowed him. His apartments were near my own, opening off from the large second main hall of the building. I found out that his valet left him ten or fifteen minutes after he entered his chambers. I had grown very intimate with him, had seen the candelabrum which he employed, and had noted the window which he laugh ingly boasted of keeping unclosed at nearly all seasons. This was so near his bed that my exclamation of sur prise at his imprudence caused no sur prise. 'Oh, yes, Harold, I'm a tremen dous lover of fresh air.' ' But the draught, uncle ?' ' There isn't any draught. The wind sometimes blows pretty hard into the room, but its current is stopped by the shut doors.' 'What,' I urged, 'if those dra.e ries over your bed should catch fire from the candles you place so near it ?' Uncle Malcolm laughed again. He was standing near the bed as he spoke, and seized one of its falls of tapestry, giving the antique, brocaded breadth a careless toss. 'Oh, no danger, my boy. True, I hate the mouldy old rags, but I let them stay. They're a bit of our Mountstuart history, you know. After the battle of Barnet, King Edward the Fourth slept, they say, in this very bed. The next morning he offered our ancestor, Guy Mountatnart, an earldom, which was refused.' 'I remember that our family re fused an earldom in 1471,' I answered. It seemed to me detest able, just then, that a title should not be included in the wealth I was plot ting to attain. Dinner at Graydon Hall was the event of the day. My uncle rode, played billiards, drove, bored himself with 'matters that con corned his estate, now and then tried his skill at chess, and often flirted immederately, from morning untlu me nour zor amner. in disputably old, he yet bore himself like a man of forty. 'My brother Oooil,' he would say to me, 'is five years my junior, and yet he lives there at his place in Essox with his hunchback boy and his twin daughters, Edna and Olive, as though he had one foot in the grave and nearly half of the other, I'm a deal more sensible, I reeogniso the absurdity of not amusing one's self, My views may be heathenish, but I can reoall a number of heathensavho squeezed some rather palatable juice from this queer orange of existence, after all,' Throughout the day we guests at Graydon did as we pleased, Often I would not seeoo my unole for hours, and entire selusilon, if I ohose, was pos sible, But at dinner we arrayed our. selves as if for a ball, and every dinner was a banquet of princely grandeur, Late in the evening those who oared to do so would assemblo in the smoking room, an onohanting Elizabethan chamber, low-coiled, with mullioned windowsthatopenodupon agardon full of hollyhooks and chrysanthoemums, On the night when I intended to kill my uncle it happened that by twelve o'olook only throe men besides himi and myself had remained in the smoking. room, I had procured from two dif forant chemists in tho neighbouring village two separate sleeping potions, each in itself a largo dose. Those I had combined, andI meant, if I could, to slip their colourless and compara tively tasteless powder into one of my unulo's late potions of Scotch whisky and sodanwater. Thoe throe men who still lingered in their commodious clhanlr, gave quiet threata of indofl. nitoly remaining, But at last they hltook themsolves away, and my unclo and,I were loft alone together, I felt almot ceortain that he would desire more to drink before going upatairs, Ieo had booen grousoshooting half the day, anad had plainly sought to relieve fatigu, by copious draughts of wine lit dinnor, Jndood, he wna vishily affonted by what he had already drank ; his florld face was almonot on oriansoundo and his speech, though unwrotodly glib, was a triflo tlhink If in had really boon ilntoxioated nobody would havo cared or ooin mentld, Ho was a mann who did, in all moitters of peorsonnal deportmnnt, proolnuly s h e chose, and iHs great positlon, added to his native recokless anld dlhonlir audacity, successfully olhallongnd soandal, 'Ralplh Southbrook ought to be nbhamle,, of himseolf to leave mw like this, Harold, my boy,' he oxclaimed, whson the last guest had dlapnrtod. ' The idea of that follow talking about his liver! I'm old enough to be his father, and I'll wager that I'll got on my horse to-morrow morning and join the meet at Etaddiscombe without the ghost of a headache.' I looked at my uncle while he spoke thus. Jie sat in a great leathern chair, puffing clouds of smoke from a choice cigar. Behind him loomed a massive sidoe board, loaded with glass and silver. Above the sombre wainscot, just over his grey, fluffy-haired head, gleamed an old portrait of a Mfountstuart by Van Dyke, with a ruff and a pointed beard. I watched him in silence for a few seconds, as one might watch a painting of some jolly old wassailer by Rembrandt or Rubens. You will never get on your horse again,' I said to myself. ' In a very short time from now you will no longer be alive.' OHlAPTER III. ' Upon my word,' I said gaily aloud to imy uncle, ' Lord Southbrook's. de parture hasn't by any means plunged me in gloom. One does get so tired of grunted sneers at 'the existing government from a man who hasn't brains enough either to speak or write his opinions, notwithstanding that he's an hereditary legislator. May I fill your glass, uncle ? Yes ? Don't rise. I will get everything you wish.' My uncle broke into a genial, per missive laugh. He was in one of his mellowest and heartiest moods, poor man I I wondered, as I 'went to the sideboard and arranged his drink for him, why I could not find it in my composition to give him, at least, the tribute of a pitying pang. ' This surely must be your ' night cap,' uncle,' I said, as I handed him the glass into which I had emptied my narcotic powder. 'Yigorous as you are, that hunt to-morrow will tax your energies. It's marvellous, remember, that a man of your years should be able to follow the hounds at all. And as for your reading in bed to-night, pray let me counsel you not to do so. Mr. Maurayne's advice this evening was highly sensible; I only wish you would profit by it.' I had managed, about an hour ago, to turn the conversation upon the sub ject of Uncle Malcolm's bad habit of reading himself to sleep, and I had specially referred to the danger he ran in placing the candelabrum so near the bed. Some treated the matter humorously, but the guest whom I have mentioned took a serious view of it. The friendly scolding he had given my uncle, however, was .wholly wasted, Malcolm Mountstuart was not to be reprimanded out of doing precisely as he pleased. (To be continme4.) 