An Oak Coffin. ANOTHER DOCTOR'S STORY. (Continued.) " Ax . tea time om* parlor-maid, Peters, \- told-me that mother had gone to bed and ^ had'piVeri directions that she was on rio account to be disturbed. I had tea alone, and then came in here and made the place as bright and comfortable as I could. Once or twice before, since mf father's death, mother has suffered from sente headaches and gone to bed ; but when they got better she has dressed and come downstairs again. I thought she might like to do BO to-night, and that she would be pleased to see a bright room and everything cheerful about her. ' " I got a story book and tried co read, bat my thoughts were with mother, and I felt dreadfully puzzled and anxious. The time seemed very-long, too, and I heartily wished that the night was over. I vent upstairs about 8 o'clock and listened outside mather's door. She was moaning and talking to herself. It' seemed te me that she was saying dread-1 fol things. I quite shuddered as I listened. I knocked at the door, but there was no answer. Then I turned the handle and tried to enter, but the door was locked. I went, downstairs again, and Petara came to ask me if I would like supper. She was still in the room, and I \- had not made up my mind whether I could eat anything or not, when I heard her give a short scream, and, turning rrund, I saw mother standing in the 1 room in her nightdress. She had the earring-knife in her hand. "1 Gabrielle,' she said, in a quiet voice, but'with an awful Lok in her eyes, *I want you to tell me the .truth. Is there any blood on my hands Î" " ' ** 'No, no, mother,' I answered. ./' She gave a deep sigh, and lootjadat them as'S she were Lady Macbeth. .' * Gabrielle,' she Bàid again. *I can't livt any longer without your father. I have made thia knife sharp, and it won't take long.' "Then sha turned and left the room. Paters ran for the cook, and they went up- stairs after her and I rushed for Dr. Mackenzie." : "It was a fearful ordeal for you," I said, " »nd you behaved very bravely ; , but you must not think too much about your mother's condition, nor about any word? which she happened to Bay. . She la highly feverish at present, and is not accountable for her. actions. Sit down now, piense, and take a glass of wine yourself. *?* No, thank you-I never take wine." 'Tm glad to hear you say so, for in that case a glase of this good claret will do wonders for you. Here, Tm going to poor one out-now drink lt off at once." She obeyed me with a patient sort of wmfla. She was very pale, but the wine brought soma color into ber cheeks. **I am interested In yonr story," 1 said, after a pansa. "Particularly In what you told me about your poor father. He must have been an Interesting man for you to treasure his memory so deeply. Do you mind describing him to me 1" ' She flushed up when I spoke. I saw that tears were very near her eyes, and she bit her lips to keep back emotion. "My father waa like no one else," she said. "It is impossible for me to make a-picture of him for one who has not seen him." *' But you can at least tell ma If he were tall or short, dark or fair, old.oi young ?" " No, I can't," she said, after aaotbei Jnuse. " He was just father; When yoi ove your father ha has a kind of eternal Ïouth to you, and you don't discriminât^ is features. If you are his OL ly child, his is just the one faca in all the world tc you. I find it impossible to describe thc laos, although lt nils my mind's eye, waking and sleeping. But, stay, I have i picture of him. I don't show it to many, but you shall see it." She rushed out of the room, re turnia i In a moment with a morocco case- Sh< opened It, and brought over a candle a tue samé time so that the light should fal . on the picture within. It represented i tall, slight man, with dean-set eyes ant a very thin face. The eyes wen some " what piercing in their glance; the Upi wera closely set and firm ; the chin wat daft. The face showed determination. ¡ gave it a quick glance, and, dosing thi caw, returned it to Gabrielle. The face was the face of the man I hac ?san tn the garden. Hy patient passed a dreadful night She was no better the next morning. Hei . temperature was rather hi^h, her pulsi quicker, her respiration more buried -Hiv- ravings had now become almos incoherent. Mackenzie and I had ax > anxious consultation over her. When hi left the house I accompanied lum. ** I am' going to maka a strange requesl _ of you," I said. '* I wish for your assist ' anee, and am sure you will not refusé t< give it to ms. In Bhort, I want to taki {inmediate steps to have Heathcote') coffin opened " lam quite sur» Mackenzie thought '. waa mad. He looked at me, opened hi Ups ai if to speak, but then waited to hes \- my next words. * "I want to have Heathcote's body ex humed," I said. "If you will listen ti ma, I will tell you why." \- I then gave him a graphic account o the man I had Been in the garden. " There Is foul play somewhere," ] ?aid, in conclusion. " I < have beet dragged Into this thing almost against mj " wiB, and now I am determined to see ii through." Mackenzie flung up his hands. " I don't pretend to doubt youl wisdom," he said; "but to ask mi gravely to assist you to exhume thi body of a man who died of consumptioi rix months ago Is enough to take nv ' breath away. What reason can yoi .* possibly give to the authorities for such ai action Î" " *' That I have strong grounds for be Hering that the death never took placa a aD," I replied. «'Now, will you cc operate with me in this matter, or not 1" *'Oh, of course, I'll co-operate wit] \- you," he answered. *' But I don't) prc tend to say that I like the business." We walked together to his house, tali lng over the necessary steps which mus \- ba taken to get an order for exhumation Mackenzie promised to telegraph to ma s .soon as ever this was obtained, and I wa * obliged to hurry off to attend to my awi duties. Aa I was stepping into my hansor I -turned to ask the doctor one mot question. \- ** Have you any reason to suppo?e tba Heathcote was heavily insured ?" h . asked. ** No ; I don't know anything about it, he answered. "You are quite sure there were n money troubles anywhere ?" . I do not know of any ; but^ the, fae amounts to nothing, for I was not real! Intimate with the family, and, as I eal .'yesterday evening, never entered th house until last night from the day of th funeral. I have never heard of moho . troubles ; but, of course, they migh have existed." \- "As soon as ever I hear from you, . will make an arrangement to meet you a Kensal Green," I .replied, and then jumped into the hansom and drove awaj In the course of the day I got a tel« gram acquainting me with- Mrs. Heath cola's condition. It still remain e absolutely unchanged, and thara was, i Mackenzie's opinion, no necessity for m to pay her another visit. Early the nea morning, the required order came froi the coroner. Mackenzie wired to apprise me of the fact, and I telegraphed back, making an appointment to meet him at Kensal Green on the following morning. I shall not soon forget that day. It was one of those Waitering and intensely cold days which come oftener in Maren than any other time of the year. The cemetery looked aa diemal as Buch a place wonld on the occasion. The few wreaths of flowers which were scattered here and there on newly made grayes were sodden and deprived of all their frail beauty. The wind blow in great gusta, which were about every 10 minutes accompanied by showers of sleet. There was a hollow moaning, noise distinctly audible in the intervals of the storm. I found, on my arrival, that Mac- kenzie was there before me. He was accompanied by one of the coroner's men and a police constable. Two men who worked in th« cemetery also came forward to assist. No one expressed the least surprise at our strange errand. Around Mackenzie's lips, alone, I read an expression of disapproval. Kensal Green is one of the oldest oeme tries which surround our vast metropolis, and the Heatheo tes* burying-place was quite In the oldest portion of this God's acre. It was one of the hideous, ancient, rapidly going-ort-of date vaults. A huge brick erection was placed over it, at one side of which was the door of entrance. The earch was removed, the door of th« vault opened, and soma of the men went down the seeps, one of them holding a torch, in order to identify the coffin. In a couple of minutes* time it was borne into the light of day. When I saw ic I remembered poor Mrs. Heathcote's wild ravings. "A good, strong oak coffin, which wears well," she had exclaimed. Mackenzie and I, accompanied by the police constable and the coroaor's maa, followed the bearers of the coffin to the mortuary. As we were going there, I turned to ask Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as he answered me. " I fear the worst," he replied. "Mrs. Hearthcote is very Ul indeed. The fever rages high and is like a consuming fire. Her temperature waa 105 this morning." "I should recommend packing her in sheets wrung out of cold water," I answered. " Poor woman t-how do you account for thu sudden Ulness, Mac- kenzie T - He shrugged his shoulden. "Shock of some sort," he answered. Then he continued : "If she reaUy knew of this day's work itwonld kUl her off pretty quickly. Poor soul," he added, "I hoye lt may never reach'her ears." We had now reached the mortuary. The men who had borne the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pair, of trestles. . They then took turnscrews out of their pockets, and in a buainess-like and callous manner unscrewed the lid. After doing this they left the mortuary, closing the dcor behind. The moment we found ourselves alone, I said a word to the police constable, and then going quickly up to the coffin, lifted the lid. Under ordinary circumstances such a proceeding would be foUowed by apaUing results, which need not here be described. Mackenzie, whose face was very white, stood near me. I looked at him for a moment, and then flung aside the paU which was meant to conceal , the faoe of the dead. The dead truly! Here was death, which had never, In any sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a loud exclamation. The constable and the coroner's man came close. I lifted a bag of flour out of the coffin I There were many similar bags there. It had been closely packed, and evidently with a view to counterfeit the exact weight of the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speech- less. The coroner's man began to take copious notes; the poUce constable gravely did the same. M'Kenzie at last found his tongue. "I never felt more stunned in rn) life," he said. "In very truth, I all bm saw th« man die. Where ls he 1 In th« name of Heaven, what has become of him This ls the most monstrous thing I han ever heard of in the whole course of m< life, and-and I attended the funeral ol those * bags of flour 1' No wonder tba woman never eared to sse me Inside thc house again. But what puzzles me," hi continued, " Ia the motivo-what can thi motive bet" " Perhaps one of the Insurance compan ies can tell us that," said the pollce- omcei "It ls my duty to report this thing, sir,' ha continued, turning .to me. " I havi not the least doubt that the Crown wfl prosecute." "I cannot at aU 'prevent your talrinj what steps'you think proper," I replied " only pray understand that the pooi lady who is the principal perpetrator It thia fraud lies at the präsent moment ai death's door." "We. must gat the man himself,* murmured the police office. " H he ii alive we shall soon find him." Half an hour later Mackenzie and I bax left *he dismal cemetry. I had to hurry back to Harley-stree to attend to some impartant duties, but ] arranged to meet Mackenzie that evenlnj at Heathcote»' house. I need not aa] that my thoughts were much ocouplet with Mrs. Heathcote and her mlserabli story. What a life that wretched Heath cote must have led during the last sh months. No wonder he looked cadaver ons as th« moonlight f«U over his gunn figure. No ghost truly was be, but i man of like flesh and blood to ourselves a man who was supposed to be busied h Kensal Green, but who yet walked thi earth. It was about 8 o'clock whsnlreaehei the Heathcotes' house. Mackenzie hai already arrived-he came Into the haU u meet me. " Where Is Mías Gabrielle VI asked a once. "Pcor\ chttd," he replied ; "I hav begged of har to stay in her room. Sh knows nothing of ? what took place thi morning, but Is in a terrible state a grief about her mother. That nnfoi túnate woman's honra are numbered. 8hi is sinking fast. Will you come to her a once, Halifax-Bhe had asked for yoi several times. (To be continued.) 