NEWS OF THE DAY. The Ballarat Hunt Club will meat at A f . Taylor’s, Burrumbeet, to-day. An anti-gambling crusade is being actively carried on in London. Close on 2000 foreigners entered and settled in Whitechapel during 1593. Robert Buchanan, poet, dramatist, and author, has been declared inaolvent. A number of important cases have been set down for decieiun at the City Police Caurt to-day. It is announced that H.M.S. Waterwitch is to relieve the Egeria as u surveyiog vessel in Australian waters. One hundred and sixty-seven racing clubs have bad their totalieator permits revoked by the Queensland Government. Silas Harding, the squatter and million aire and famous litigant, died at Geelong yesterday, aged 77- The Chinese have an Academy of Manners that prescribes etiquette for the whole empire. In tbe United States there is one liquor dealer to every 272 inhabitants. Twenty years, ago .the proportion.wns one'tb'-192. - The convicted sly-grog sellers from Mil dura, who failed to pay the fines imposed, will be imprisoned in the Bendigo gaol. The Bishop of Tasmania has gone on his annual visit to the half-castes on the islands in Bass’ Straits. Tim wages of the employat the Junction Smelting Works, Adelaide, have been in creased 6d per day all round. The foundation stone of anew Presbyte rian Church at Cnstlemaino is to be laid on the 22nd inßt. Sir James Patterson will per form the ceremony. The Rev. L. M. Isitt, the advocate for prohibition and female suffrage, left Balla rat yesterday for Sydney, where he will give a series of lectures. Mr W. R. Wilson and Mr S. R- Wilson have gone on a trip to the West Australian goldfields. They intend to return iu a couple of months’ time. There has been considerable discussion in Scotland over what is called the Tyson Drink Core. A committee of gentlemen has been formed iu Edinburgh to test the cure. The number of members enrolled In the Primrose Longue since it" formation is : Kn'ghto. 67,896; daineo, 56,147; associates, 1.074.385. Total, 1,188.431. Mr Frederick Call, who for many years acted as police magistrate at the City Court, died suddenly at his residence, Marlton Cres cent, St. Kilda, on Wednesday. The ceiling nt the Town Police Court re quires to be attended to or a repetition of what took place at the City Court will re salt. Mr Montgomery, tho Government geolo gist, has cleared nff all the men working at Mount Huxley, and line the mine in the sola charge of himself and his assistants. Renewals of a considerable number of publicans’ licenses are being refused’by the Central Licensing Court at Sydney, on the ground of Sumlny selling and subletting of private bars to woman of bad character. It is estimated that the strike of London cab drivers, settled yesterday by tho arbitra tion of Mr H. H. Aeqnitb, Homs Secretary* has cost the cab proprietors during the four weeks it lasted not less than £60,000. It is proposed to procure n few thousand feet nf myrtle nml ironbark blocks for ship ment from Tasmania to England as an ex periment in conjunction with the striDgy bark and gum blocks. The annual report of the Inspector- General shows that there has been a marked decrease in the daily average number of prisoners as compared with the previous year, the numbers being respectively 1697 and ISO 6. " The case against; the two young persons named Hackett, a brother and sister, who were arrested during a spiritualistic seance at Petone, for which they charged ns much as £5 for admission, has been dismissed. ' Within the past two or three nights the residents of Primrose Hill, Maryborough, have been startled by the appearance of an apparition. The police have been requested to apprehend the ghost, The first examination in mnsical know ledge under the regulations nf Trinity Col lege, London, took place at the Atbenteum, Collins street, on Sator.lay Inst. Ballarat was represented amongst the candidates. The Baroness Burdett-Contts has just at tained her SOth year. She recently re turned from a trip to Rome in excellent health, and has been entertaining the Duchess of Xeck in London. The presentation of tbe Slnffield Shield to the representatives of South Aus tralia, the champion cricket colony of last season, is to take place at the Vienna Cafe, Collins street, to-morrow. The following item appears in the last issue of the Police Gazette-. —Annie Wells, servant. Main street, Ballarat East, reports stolen from her, at Ballarat East, on the 7th inet., a gold chased bracelet; value £5. A fine group of photographs aud a number of valuable niedale awarded us trophies in connection with St. John’s Presbyterian Cricket Chib, are now on exhibition at Mr M'Calluni’e hoot warehnns". Bridge street. At Brisbane on Wednesday, William Conroy, charged with the. murder of a woman named Jane Connors, whom it is alleged that he kicked because she followed him about, causing her death, was committed for trial. Th»' merino lambiug on Messrs Manifold Bros.’ S s ruan Estate has fulfilled expecta tions. S4J p°r cent, being the average. Ou Mr J. L. Currie’s Gala Estate the average is SO per cent., and ou his Titnng* Estate 77i per cent. A protest against the propoied duty of 2d per pound on fish has been received by the Commissioner of . Customs from Mr S- J. Morgan, fishmonger, Ballarat, who encloses a note from tin Adelaide dealer supporting his view that tho duty mesne prohibition. An official repnrt on Ireland BAys the ex cessive u«e of tea, often over-inlosed, pro duced ai:<emia and constitutional weakness among the poorly-fed. In* Home parts of Ireland bread and tea have been substituted for porri'lga and milk, and for potatoes also, with injurious results. The opening match of the English cricket season at Lord’s resulted in M.C.C. and Ground beating Sussex by an innings and 2 runs. It was a bowler’s wicket, and the match was played out in one day, occupying 4 Imnrs and 10 minutes, Sussex scoriog 42 and 59, and M.C.C. and Ground 103. According to the estimates made for tile current half-year, there will be by the end of next June a population in the 33 great centres of England and Wales amounting to something like 10,500,000 persons, including the inhabitants of London. A Mr Wyatt, dercrib’ng himself as a founder of a benefit society, attempted to recover £lO nt the Town Police Court yes terday, for aervioes rendered as a nnrse. The bench considered tlmt Wyatt was trying to evade the Medical Act, and dismissed his suit, with £1 Is costs. Buenos Ayres is growing. With a popu lation of 400 000 it has five great railway trunk lines, 123 miles of street railway, more telephones in proportion to the population than any other city in the world, nine splen • did theatres—at which Italian opera is given twice a week—and 21 daily newspapers. An nppliaation was made by Mr Tuthill at the Town Court yesterday ou behalf of a de fendant in a debt case to re-hear the case, wh’oh had been previously decided in the defendant’s absence. It was maintained that thp case was heard a few minntes before 10. The magistrates refused to re open the case. ’ The prosecutor in a Chinese assault case " wnß io ill to appear at the Town Court yes terday, Mr M'Dernwtt, who appeared for the defence, stated that it was a “sham,” and -that the complainant “had wilfully robbed blood over himself." The case was remanded after evidence had bseu taken to rebut counsel's remarks. At n meeting of the South Australian Executive on Wednesday regulations were approved of absolutely prohibiting the intro duction nf vines and vine cuttings into South Australia, and providing for the examination by the director of the Botanic Gardens of any fruit trees or other trees which may be imported into the colony. 