What Drowning Feels Like. i'. (Bkitish Medicai, JomtNAL.) . A woman, who .was among those saved in the recent deplorable accident iii Morecainbe Bay, is reported in the papers to have said that she remembered sinking twice and thinking she had " only to go down trace more and all would be over." Everyone knows the description given by "false, fleet ing, perjured Clarence," of his dream :— Lord, Lord, methmight what pain it was to drown! What dreadful noise of waters in mine ears ! What ugly sights of death within mine flyes! . . . and often did I strive To yield the ghost, but still the envious flood Kept in my soul and would not let it forth. This is poetical rathor than scientifically nccUrato, bu1-. it is remarkable that Shake speare, when he represents the drowning tnan as retaining consciousness and having " leisure in the time of death to gaze upon the secrets of the deep," comes very near what has been the actual experience of some who have been snatched Irom a watery grave when life was all but extinct. There are several authentio records of such experiences. One of the most interest ing is that of Admiral Beaufort, as described by himself in a letter to Dr. Wollaston. When a youngster ho foil overboard in Portsmouth Harbour, and before relief reached him had sunk below the surface. All hope had fled, all exertion ceased, and he felt that lie was drowning. Two minutes did not elapse before he was hauled up, and he found tho return to life much less pleasant than drowning. Admiral Beaufort adds that he had heard from two or three persons who had had a similar experience that their sensations had olosely resembled his own. Sir Benjamin Brodie relates the case of a sailor who had beui snatohed from the waves and lain for some time on the deck of his ship insensible, who on his re covery declared that he had been in Heaven and complained of his restoration to life as a great hardship. In a well-known passage of the " Confes sions of an English Opium Eater," X)e Quincoy relates that ho was once told by a near relative that "having in her childhood (aged nine) fallen into a river, and being on the very verge of death but for tho assistance which reached her at tho last critical nvment, she saw in a moment her wholo life, clothed in its forgotten incidents, arrayed before her as in a mirror, nob successively but simul taneously, and she had a faculty developed as suddenly .for comprehending tho whole and every part." An American gentleman, Mr 0. A. Hart loy, has recently given an interesting ac count of his sensations when drowning. Iio lay at tho bottom of- a rivor in a state of semi-consciousness, in which ho -saw his rolativcs and friends all about him with their eyes full of tears. All the events of his life, from infancy upwards, passed slowly beforo his mental vision ; he felt that he was drowning, and he remembers thinking, un like Clarence, that it was not pain to drown. Ho was able even to speculate whether his body would be found, and he pictured his own funeral, and fanoied he could hear the oarth thrown on his oofiin. Ho had sensa tions of tho nature of- tinnitus (ringing of bells, etc.) iii his ears, and ho had visual poroeptions of tho most marvollous combina tions of colours. Next all was peaoe around him ; he had a peculiar feeling of well being in n medium of a temperature neither too hot nor too cold. Then ho felt himself as if raised from tho earth, and floating in space, and looking down on tho world spread out at his feet. Lastly ciine more darkness and oblivion till ho found himself stretched on tho rivor bank and being subjected to tho disagreeablo proopss of restoration to lifo. It will bo noted that all these accounts agree in two points, namely, tho apocalypso of tho past lifo even in its minute dotails, and the absenco of any unpleasant sensation. On the whole, tho popular idea (which in such matters is nover wholly wrong) that drowning is a pleasant form of death is, con firmed by tho testimony of a few who have praoticiilly roached the bourne of the undis covered oountry and yet returned to tell tho talo. 