RELIGIOUS SERVICES. BAPTIST, HARGREAVES STREET.-The Rev. G. A. Weller preached in t[?]s church yester day, taking as his morning text, Matthew, 20 chapter, 28th verse, “Even as the son came not 10 bo ministered unto but to mini>ter.” These wordy, ibo preacher said, wore spoken as a reproof to tho disciples who desired- an exalted position in tho kingdom of Christ, which they supposed would soon bo established on earth. Tho Lord showed thorn, however, Unit llioy know not what they asked'ns God’s kingdom was not of this earth. All that would bo'groat In that kingdom must bp prepared to bo the servant of all. In tho text they bad a fact stated as a pattern given. The fact stated that Christ came’not to be ministered unto,, but to minister, Ho was not thrust upon the ■ stage of action. Ho came on tho scene „ with* out a pompous dmin of state servants, although angels would have gladly obeyed his word. Ho oamo not olnd in robe's of state and glory, but ns a servant. Ho came not to bo served but to servo. Ho bad not a single selfish thought in bis soul, Ho was always ready to: help tho poor and needy, to heal tho save tho lost, to oomforl tho sorrowful and mako glad tho hearts of tboso who mourned. Ho was a pattern to His followers, whoso lives should bo moulded upon tho sarao principle. 1 They should minister and thus lead an humble self denying life, and show that they had the spirit of their risen Lord and Master. Wo should be ruled by His life for (ho following considerations : By ministering to others wo . live a Christ like lifu; secondly, by minister ing unto others wo minister unto Christ; thirdly, in ministering unto others wo lay up for ourselves a treasure, in Heaven, where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt,. nor thieves break tbrougb and steal. Eaolbuawk Primitinb Methodist. —The Rev.' G. H. Colo preached at the above church morning aiid evening yesterday., to largo con gregations. The subject of tho evening’s discourse was “Sleepless Nights," and tho text was taken from Esther, 6th chapter, let vorso—“On that night the king could not sloop, and bo commandodto bring the book of tbo]rooords of tho chronicles, and. they wore road before tne king." The prenobor first described the party in tbo queen’s parlors and sketched the obarocterietios of the throe persons composing it— Abusuerus, the king; Hainan, tho proud courtier, and Esther, tbo beautiful queen. He then gave an interesting description of Eastern life and manners in describing the feast. After the banquet was completed tbo king retired,.but could hot sleop. Quietude reigned around ; there was sloop for tho boasts of tho field and even for the king’s horses, but tdo king was denied that necessary. Sloop was one of God’s best gifts, and it was hotter to live in a bub and enjoy sloop than to dwoll like King Ahasuorus in a palnoe and verify tbo say ing, “ Uneasy lies tho head that wears a Grown." Tho reasons wero numerous. He was tbo monarch of a mighty king* dom; ho was ambitious, and was just about to enter upon that famous war with Grocno. Ho was besides a man of passions, for history tells how after the war with Greece bo ordered his officers to inflict 300 lashes upon tho Hellispout out of more spite because some of his boats bad boon wrecked in a storm there. Above all there was the remembrance of past sins rising up before him—tho sin against Voshti, and against all those whom he had ruined. How many wero tboro amongst the congregation who had not suffered from sleepless nights? Were there not mothers who could- not sleep on account of tho empty cot or tho vacant chair? Friends whose rest was deprived them by the thoughts of lost friends? God made a pillow on which theso weary beads might rest—a pillow constituted of His promises. They might think tbo resurrection, tho promised meet log again, and on this sweet pillow of gospel herbs lay down the aching, tired bead’and sloop thankfully. But tho greatest disturber of ' sleep was the conscience, for when tbe Holy Ghost strives with the man bo cannot sleep. There was ■ also a pillow for this unrest, and it was only to bo found by coming to Christ for forgivoness of sins. Ho i urged all who wore troubled to take Christ at His word when Ho said, “Como unto mo all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and 1 will giro you rest.” Primitive Methodist, Rowan Street,— The Rev. D. Provan preached in Ibis church last evening, taking his text from St. John, 14th chap., 21st verso—“Ho that hath my commandments and kcopeth them, ho it is that lovoth me; and bo that lovotb mo shall bo loved of my Father, and 1 will lovo him and will manifest myself to him.” Those words, said the preacher, wero spoken by Jesus ,wboo Ho was about to loavo His disciples, and by thorn Ho wished to show that Ho was sympathetic, but Ho further wished to impress upon them that they should not sorrow like man that bad no hope. By these words be also showed them bow they wore to toll false ones among them. Jesus was going away, but before Ho wont Ho showed His disciples their' work, and not "only wore tho dis ciples shown their duty by them, bub like wise every' Christian. No Christian after those words wero uttered could say ho bad no place in tho Christian world. Many people while professing Christianity do not obey Christ’s commandments, but unless they learn to oboy tho sooner they givo up suoh pro fessions tho bettor. There was now too much mook religion. When wo think of the many who are dying without Christ, of tbo many who are daily blaspheming His name, we must fool what a need there is for Christians to come more in touch with Christ so that they may bccomo His messenger to tboir brethren. We praiso God because wo have His word, for Ho tolls us that Ho will lovo tboso who have His commandments and keep them. When first a roan realises that God lovou him thro is something within him that is indesoriblo—something that language can not express. Have not none of us felt like this at limes? and surely if Christ is willing to communicate His lovo to us liko this wo would bo willing to surrender every thing for His sake. Then wo would bo ablo to sny tbat wo can comprehend some of His lovo—not that we can over comprehend it nil, for our minds are too finite—but thank God wo can comprehend somo of it Salvation Army.—Captain Donahoo and Ensign Robinson havo boon conducting tho annual Rescue Homo Demonstration in tbo Eaglohawk Salvation Army Barracks during tbo past week. Tho final mootings wore con ducted yesterday, whoa both officers addressed tho congregations. 