THE WYNDHAM .GHOST.'-'.' . A TRUE STORY. ' ' By Elsie St; Clair. . ;.-In the South. Island- of New. Zealand thoro is a ".little bountry - village oallod Wyndham..' A protty - littlo place,. ;baving two. rivers, .the Mntaura and, the Minalbaupau; running at eaoh end of it. Tho village boasts of but one street; whioh contain,; .obputjialf A dozen- houses, two general stores', and aniliofol.wltli ;.a>ed lion on : the top. -The better sort of / pebploj of whom there wero a few, dived j» littlo ..way sout of tho towpship, for so Wyndham, was onibitiouBly bailed. v .. , . .. v ' 1 In tho .only streot one day quite -a crowd might hava been seen assembled. 1 . "But I toll you I. saw it with ray '. own, eye,," cold Mr. Ranee. "And. I nm not given to ghost seeing as a rulo." "What was it liko, Ranee?" inquired ono of two hoys, who with their lianda in their pookots stood listening to tho talc. " Oh ! it's you, -Master Will, is it said tho man turning round. " Well, it was 12 fcot high if it was en inch." " Givo us a description so wo'il know it if wo moot with itj" Baid Will's companion, Jim. "It had oyos like blue flames," continued Ranee, "audit camo walking steadily towards mo like— a— a — " "Aro yon sore it was not myoldoow, Betsy ?" I Interrupted Mr. Eversley the postmaster. " Sho think!" Bred pnt,hdOePOBlO?Hoi'"''»<>.y„uk00,WiD . " T'10 cvor saw a cow 12 f..; x- , ' d8 »'t her for that matter?" said R.J ore ii n 1 , J didn't you catch hold of im"6 hold of it indeed," said Ratir.aa 'V'm' . Of course that's what you bo». 10,%. lust liko to see one of you to!chthB ' y', bolI,d l am no coward "(hero a subdued J!!! 7 thln& of the boys made him frown dafkiv k!!0lle continued without a pause,) "«n7i .„/'- bl" be nt it, and then if my old maro didn'f i I01? '"d® her head to holt, and I could not alio arrived home." Ranee's " old ' S" ® good 20 years old, and had nover bemW u» bolt within the memory of ma! V" believed this statement. After s!m. obod? ;e.r.a -aYSfSBRJ .S'i-.'a'..;:-!";; ; could seo it. Oh" what a oily lark ilwl?, ' wo could catch a real Iivo ghost ' Lep iJbo « to-night and try." Jim looked ,0be? f0" momrnt, and then said, "I don't for 1 really saw anything, and I don't thin& would like us togo." " Nonsense,'' ,«id He d be proud enough if we could c! tell Vr believe you nio afraid." Of oour«otl,l. 1 moro than any human boy could stand .! ?M agrocd to go. u toJim The road In which tho ghost, if ehe.! n took hi. nightly airing SlTa mife ''' both eides of it . ran fences, ven? w? ones, mado of wood, for on o7» ? was an orchard and on the ton of 1? fonco were nails, as both tho boys kno»Jen having in vain tried to scale it.. 'The otherS belonged to a cattle yard, so there was n!il i"V-r.\milLC- TLh4ya »"4ed midnight, when, by Ration's acciunt; tbe «hoiP would bo about the middle of the dlstssii i enoedin road. TheuWiirwaBtowalkf" ,;0 town towards the further end of the road ,„S Jim was to take the further end and walk ii wards the town, so taking tho ghost b! . two fires. By this time the hoys had arrived .! home tea was ready, and their fsthsr had is oome in. The talk was all about Ranee's ghorf Both hoys experienced somo difficulty is kZl rag awake till the right time, and even th' sil required some resolution to snlly forth intoth. o hilly moonlight. Will's courage began tosiak although ho would not own it. Jim set off at i run, up a bye lane, to gain his situation In time having arranged with Will that ho was to shit walking towards him down the road in about a qunrtor of an hour. When left ' alono Will's courngo sunk still lower, and that quarter of an hour of waitim seemed very long to him. His only hone was that Jim' felt as shaky. Presently he began walking forward, fertenllv hoping that the ghost wonld prove nothing. "i liopo it won't hop over that old fenca behind me, he muttered nervously, though not darloe to look'round, for fear it would suddenly inrine out of the earth and seize him. Meanwhile Jim was having about the same thoughts, and when iu addition to these lie put his foot in a hole, tumbled, and knocking his head againata tree! saw stars, his horror and fear may bo left to the imagination, for of course he thought tbe ehoat had kriooked him down. Presently he realised that he was still alive, so, with a cautious look round, wont on towarde bis brother. Oh hor ror, what was that thing stalking along ? It vu the ghost. His first impulse was to fly, but fair of being the laughing stock of the town urged him on, 'and presently, to Ida great relief, ho u that it had its baek towardB him, and was evi dently going towards Will. About the same time as Jim saw tbe ghost Will noticed it for the first time. He dropped iota o very alow walk, and then stopped altogether. Bnt tbe waiting was too terrible, so drawing out the carving knife, whioh he had secreted un known to Jim; he prepared to fight to the duth. At this moment the ghost shot upatleaitiii feet. The only thing that compelled him to go on was the sight of A dark figure behind tbe ghost, whioh be knew must be Jim. Nearer aud still nearer came the grisly thing, till at iut it came to a stand. Jim gave a sharp whittle ai a signal to Will to catoh hold of it. Shutting his eyes, Will flung out Mb arms and eaoght something tangible. Tho ghost gave an un earthly scream, whioh eauaed both boya to let go; and Will to drop his carving knife. To tbii day Jim deolares that it waB the cold made bit teeth chatter so much that two of them broke; hut I doubt it ' " Catoh it, oatohit," cried "Will, seizing hii knife, and springing after the ghost, for no they were together their courage had returned. In a few 'minutes they saw they were goioiog on it when suddenly, as they again seized it tho thing collapsed, and both boys were ioo: struggling to oxtricate themselves tram thetoUi of some sheets whloh, togothar with a hollowed out turnip for the head containing a tallow candle to make the eyes shine, and a coupli of clothes props, farmed the paraphernalia ci tho ghoat When the boya omerged from the sheets tliey saw a dark figure trying to actio th orolinrd fence. They aprang upon it, and to their great surprise discovered it to bo their ova genoral aervant. Thoy felt vory brave as they returned to Iheir homo in the dawn with the captive ghon, eapeolaliy as every one congratulated them on their pluck; and ltanoe every time ho eaw Item bewailed his sad fate, and the lost opportunit? of proving himself a hero on account of there- fruatoty nature of his mare. 