THE MYSTERIES OF A PACK OF CARDS. A private soldier, by the name of Richard Lee, was tak<sn before a provincial mayor recently, for playing cards during divine service. It appears that a dergeaht commanded..the ..soldiers at the lihurchj end wbon.tho pareou badjead.the. prayern he took tho text. Those.who had a Bible took it out, .but this soIdiBt hsd neither. Bible nor .common prayer-bock, but pnlling out a pack of cards he spread, them before^him. He just looked at one. card and then at another. The sergeant of the compsny saw him, and said, " Richard, put up the cards; this is nu place for them." " Never mind that," said Biohsrd. When the eoryice was over, the constable took. Richard before thB Mayor. "Well," pays the Mayor, " what havo you brought the soldier here for ?." " For playing carde in church." " Well, soldier, what have yon to say for yourself f " - ".Much, eir, I hope.". " Very good. If'nbt I will pupish you severeiy. "Ihura been,"said the soldier, "about, six weeks on the march. I have neithei; Bible .nor prayer-book I have nothing bnt a pack bf cards, an3 I'll satisfy your Worship.of the purity of my intentions." And, Spreading the cards before the Mayor,' he;began with the ace. '\Y!'.eaI see the ace it'reminds me there is but one Qod. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the tray, .it remindBme of the Father, Son. and Holy. Ghost.. When I see the four spot it reminds nje of t^e four evangelists' that preached—Matthew, Mark, ' Luke and John.' When I meet the five,it reminds me of the five wiBe:virgins that, trimmed. their lamps—there were ten. but .five were- wiBo and-five were foulish and were shnt out. When I see the Bix,-it reminds me that in six daya the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven,.it reminds me that on.'the seventh day He .reBted from the great work He had created, and hallowed it. When-I'BBB the .eight, it reminde me of.the'eight righteous pbrsonB that were «aved when God'dbstroyed the world, viz., Noah end his wife, with three Bona and their wives. When I see the- nine; it i&pminds-me; of.the ten.lepers'that were Cleansed by our Saviour, there were nine .oiit of ten who 'never, returned., thanke. When I BOO the ten it reminds me of the ten c'ommandmeutB which God . handed down to Moses on the. tables of-'Btpne. Whea I oee the King, it reminds: mis of the King of Heaven, which iB God Almighty, When I see the Queen,.it Te- 'minde-me of the. Queen of Stieba,' who .visited Solombn," for'she was as wise a .woman as.be was' a .man.' Silo brought with her fifty boys and fitly girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell wbjch were boya and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for, them[to wash; the girls washed to the elbows, and the.boys to the wrist, so King Solomon told by tbst." •Well," said the Mayor, "you- have given a good dcBcription of the cards but one." " What iB that?" 7 " The'kuave," said the Mayor, "I will give your Honor a description of that, too, if you will not be too angry." "I will not," said the Mayor, "if you do not term me to be the koave." " Well," esii the soldier, " the greatest knave that I know of is the constable that brought me here." • "I do not know," said the Mayor, "if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the creatBBt fool.'.' \- When"! count how many spots in a pqck of' pards', 1 find three hundred and elf ly-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a paok, I find there are fifty-two; the immber of weeks in a year, and I find four euits, the number of weeks in a month. ' I find there are twelve picture cards In a pack, representing the number of monshs in a year, and on counting tbe tricks I find thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So'you eeB, eir, u pack of oards serves for a Bible, almanao, and common prayer-book." IN the Alliance procession at HUTEI- (NBON, Knn., ivaa a monstrous wagon containing fifty or sixty children. Over the vehicle was a'banner bearing tho in ^crintioti: "Ovcrprodrictinn." 