OUR STORY. THE STORY OF THE BONES an army tragedy. BRIEF and rago surged through Franklin's breast, but he kept his head, and from behind his rocky breast work drove the Indians to the shelter of the cedars, a hundred vards awiv. His cheek-bone ached, and the blood from his wound dripped on bis shirt, but, though paintul, he knew his wound was not dangerous, and he kept watch upon his vigilant foe, glancing betimes at his dead comrade stretched limply at his side. Darkness came but his steady watch was maintained, the strain being relieved by an occasional shot at his creeping enemies, which made them chary of their wary and desperate prey. Later the glare down the pass told him that the Apaches were cooking and their vigilance relaxing. They felt certain of their prey, aud could wait, aud it was evident only a few were left to watch the trapped man. Then the big yellow moon came up, floodiug the valley and pass with light, casting big shadows from tree and bowlder, and illuminating the space that separated the trooper and the Apaches. Once he saw an Apache flitting ghost-like among tho cedars to reach his flank ; bnt Franklin's shot and the Indian's yell discouraged further attempts. The rocks below and back of Franklin's position were buried in black shadows, made all the more dark by contrasting light, and the desperate man determined to leave his trap and eudeavour to get around and back of his foes in to the mountains in the darkness. To go out on the moonlit valley back towards the cavalry camp seemed too madly hazardous even to a man in his desper- ate dilemma; for he rightly imagined that when they learned hie escape the Iodian8 would scour the plain for their victim. As a preliminary to his break he fired a couple of shots hap-hazard at his foes and his luck was rewarded by yells of rage from the Apaches. Leaving this impression of vigilance, Franklin took a last look at his poor dead comrade and shuddeting at the thought of the morrow's outrage on that body, he dropped down from the bowlders among the black shadows, and creeping as cautiously as a wolf, worked down and round the position of the In dians. He plunged into tho woods parallel with the pass and worked toil somely along until he stood on the cliffs above the western end of the pass look ing towards the Tulerosa Mountains. Two precious hours were lost in search ing for a trail to the plain below, but once on the level be ran over the plain, vaguely conscious of his direction, in tent only upon placing miles between himself and the Apaches. The gray dawn found him at tho base of tho Sier ras, many a long mile from the San Bias Pass, tired, hungry, thirsty — and lost. He worked along into the woods, and lay down in the shadow of a rock, and slept. He awoke unrefreshed, and pushed on, weak and hungry, but stout- heart d. How cruelly hot was tho sun, and how sure and dizzy bis wounded cheek made him ! But he trudged along sturdily over the dusty, blistered sun- cracked earth, keeping a sharp eye for danger, and vainly searching among the aroyos and sun-baked rocks for water. On and on he walked, up and down tho mountains, across the valleys, and hugging the woods again, in a country that seemed ot once familiar and strange to him. Night overtook I him weary and hungry, with a swollen j faco, a terrible thirst, and completely I worn out. Tightening his belt to stay i his craving stomach, he lay down | among the bowlder s on the summit of i rang9 to sleep ; but sleep brongbt him oblivion without rest, for tbirst and his wound tortured him through the weary night. The stars faded out at last, and the burning tyrant of the day came cnce more, and the tired, bloody- faced man started wearily down the mountain towards the valley that looked so hazy and beautiful below. ' j Surely there must be water down there, cool, blessed water, to moisten his swollen tongue and ease the pain of his wounded face, that throbbed like a pulse. The glaring, staring, hot Bun beat down on him with fierce intensity, and his hot eyes saw everything in a haze. He rested at the foot of the mountain, feeling in a vague way that he must pull himself together, and then he started wearily across the. scorched and tortured plain, where the earth seemed to swim in the white glitter of bitter alkali, whose hot dust burned into bis cracked, moistnreless lips. God ! How that sun uid blaze and glare ! Was there any water in the world ? Any cool spot under these copper skies ? Now Franklin began to speak aloud in a strangely husky, cracked voice, as he staggered along over the blistered plain, and his head began to grow light, and his eyes- to see things that wore not, and the buzzards in the air aloft followed him with awful instinct, as one doomed to add his contiibntion to tho bleaching bones of the desert. Night came at last, and the worn-out, tortured creature dropped to the gronnd to roll and moan lihe a wouuded beast, and to dream dreams of the cool springs and brooks buck in the hills of New England. The prowliDg skulkers of the night came near and sniffed at him, only to fly at the sound of his strange, liUBky moanings. So the night went and the relentless sun rose up once more to torture man and earth. In a dim way, like a man drugged, be seemed to know he must push on, and ho moved out into the white heat of the plain, staggering weakly, and waving the gun he still clung to, until his feet walked mechani cally into a beaten trail that his eyes did not see nor his mind grasp. On and on he staggered, growiug weaker and more indecisive, and then he drop ped in the hot plain, with a faint, sigh- ing gasp, and the world slipped away from him. And when the snows had whitened tho Sierras and bad thrown the mantle of their white charity over plain and mesa, canon and arroyo, they fell like a benediction upon the pile of whitening bones that lay in the trail in the Tutarosa Yalley, adding another mystery to the desert, and indicating that another m in had passed on in death to oblivion. Republics are not ungrateful ; they are busy. Ours is a business- like re public, run on business principles ; and they who follow the drum and fight the battles of the country learn sooner or later that the glory of an achievement mast not obscure its business side, its debit and credit account with the audi tor in Washington. When Corporal Franklin and Pri vate Maguire rode out into the desert they carried with them certain govern ment property borne on the accounts of Captain Bancroft, to wit : .two troop- horses, two saddles, two curb-bits, bridles, aud reins, two pairs of leather saddle-bags, two lariats, two picket pins, two nose-bags, two horse-blankets, two Sharps carbines, two Remington revolv ing pistols, and other accoutrements. These properties must be accounted for satisfactorily, or the sleepless priest of Red Tape in Washington would stop the Captain's pay until satisfaction was given, and then the Captain's wife and babies must suffer. The death of his men iu action with Indians, or their desertion, would cover the loss of property aud tuke it off Captain Bancroft's accounts. If the men were killed in action, the place where the fight and death took place tnust be duly reported, with such par ticulars as to interment and so on as are customary in the service. Poor Captain ! The bloodless spectre of Red Tape stands between your seuse of honor and your necessities. You cannot believe that your two soldiers deserted ; yon cannot prove that they fonght and died. The desert, like the sea, never gives up its dead. It is so simple and easy to affirm that tho men deserted. The harden of proving to the contrary lies with them. The ar ticles of war define clearly the condi tions that make a deserter, and these two men were absent from the colors beyond the time laid down in the regu lations. Clearly they were deserters | and, as the Government property went with them, thieves. Deserters and thieves ! i And so across the muster-rolls of | Company K, of the Twelfth Calvalry, . appeared the final military record of the men who had- perished in the desert , — " Deserted in the field, en route from Camp Bancroft to Fort Wingate." I While the whitening bones in the desert will attest the valor and glory of two : dead and forgotten heroes until they j crumple into dust, the yellow records ! in the temple of Red Tape will tell to ; some curious searcher of the future that Henry C, Franklin and John Maguire were deserters and thieves. Is it not well that there is One who sees and knows all ? for so passeth the glory of the world. Joseph Smith. 