" REGENT AND PRESENT EVENTS m OUR RELIGIOUS LIFE." The acting-Moderator of the Presbyterian General Assembly (the Rev. A. C. Suther land), In opening the meeting of that body on Wednesday evening, gave an address on "Recant and present events in onr religious life." He said:—I propose to refer very brieily to recent, and indeed present, circum stances in the ecclesiastical life of our colony. These certainly are of very much interest in various directions to all who take an interest in the moral and religious well-being of the com munity. What has transpired shows in a manner not to be mistaken that human nature is still capable of being interested, roused, and stirred even to excitement in matters that are not material but spiritual, when a man with special powers and gifts takes it in hand. In most men there lies beneath the apparently solid orust of oustom, formality, greed, ambi tion or frivolity, deep waters, waiting to flow upwards when the piercing word reaohes them. We have had fresh proof given to us that the Spirit of God worketh when, where and how He pleaaeth, that the Almighty is really independent of special organisations, though to some minds it is almost a scandal that He should work graciously outside olear out lines drawn by properly constituted Synod or council, eastern or western. The main point is the organising life, not the resultant organisation, which is always changing, always casting off waste material and assimi lating new. What has happened amongst us in these daj[s may be referred to-as an illustra tion of this obvious, but not practically accepted, commonplace. Let me draw attention in the first place to the departure of Bishop Kennion from our shores to oceupy a more august position; it is so at least from certain pointB of view in the larger and fuller life at home. We have no hesitation in testifying gladly to the influence for good which he exerted, not only in his own communion, but in the community where his position gave him the opportunity to address himself to alL But he had more than the van tage ground^ of his position; he was, though not without limiting qualities, fit to use it. I don't think God ever takes an ass to do the work of a war- horse, external advantage or no advantage. With no pretension to genius, varied learning, or overmastering elo quence, and with his outlook; on the religious _ world narrowed by the insular Anglicanism, specially insular in this case—of Dean Hook, of first-class parochial fame, a3 distinguished from the nobler Anglicanism of Euglish Hooker and American Brooke, Dr. Kennion has nobly pressed upon us the claims of the spiritual life. We regret his limita fcion, bub rejoice m hiB fidelity to ins convic tions ; and the grace of his character, the good he accomplished in spite of the Dean Hookian line which prevented him from doing more than sooially shaking hands with men more enriched with the gifts of the Spirit and with brighter apostolic seals _ to their ministry than were allowed even to him. We shall follow hia career with much interest. As I am dealing with this subject, supreme in itB importance, permit me to call attention to a powerful artiole in the ourrent number of the Nineteenth Century by that great theo logian, Mr. Gladstone, dealing with this very question of shaking hands across the lines of Dean Hook, The brave old veteran Ijias a theory of the Church, though modified from what it was sixty years ago, whioh makes the Church of England for England the ground and pillar of the truth, and, therefore, according to all rule the special graces of Christianity onscht to be fouud and flourish there alone. But then John Bunyan, Milton, Rutherford, Dr. Dale, and thousands more of equal faith, if not of genius, did not, and do not, rest on this pillar. Tbe accomplished scholar has the same difficulty in reconciling the undoubted facts with his theory that the Calvinisti has in reconciling freedom _ with predesti nation; or the philosopher in resolving the contradictions that meet him in condoiouaiiess. Sensible men accept them as both true. -Mr. Gladstone cannot boldly acquit non-episcopal churches of heresy and schism, even though they hold the great verities of the Apostolio dootrines._ He would go further than Bishop Kennion in Christian_ fellowship, would step noross the line a bit with suoh churches on tbe ground, among others, that their position is the schism of Jeroboam, and not the rebellion of Konih and his clan. This is an advance in the right direotion, for Jeroboam's throne was given to him by God; his sin was not schism, but idolatry. The tempting Bubjecb must bo passed from. Permit me to glance for a moment at the bright Presbyterian lights that have illuminated or are illuminating our pout'aern firmament. We used to be called grim, austere, without capacity .for fun, humor, or laughter. I trust extremes won't meet in our caee and that we shall not be set down as comic. With regard to ihe general utterances of Dr. Talmago on the pir.tform I have nothing to vi>. Tm\y amused—a very legitimate thlnj;— and do served their purpoje. As a. pulpib orator, too, though perhaps superficial, he haa helped thousands. But when he deals with one of the most awful, solemn, grave, and far reaohing questions of this day, or of any day, one does wish that more knowledge had been shown, and that criticism had not degene rated into something like burlesque—that the speaker had called to mind the words of the Psalmist—"I do not exercise myself in great matters, or in things too wonderful for me."_ Mr. McNeill in his genial way has told us ministers that we feed our people on spoon meat. A candid friend told me once that he got no meat at all, which was harder still. Well, we had to feed'in days gone by on very solid meab. indeed— for instance, Butler's " Sermon on Ignorance." That at least suggested speculative'modesty. I once got a very practical lesson, a sharp one, well fitted to keep me from pronouncing judgment on what I did not understand. Some nautical subject was started in con versation on board a steamer at which I was present. It was long ago, when one was young and dogmatic. I had probably read an article on the subject; and so was confident. I know all about the matter. 1 opposed the view of a bronzed gentlemanly fellow-passenger. He fixed his eye twinkling with an amused kindly compassion on me, and said, " Well, 1 have been in command of a ship for 20 years on the great oceans of the world." Since then I do not care to dogmatise on navigation if a stranger be present; he may be a brother of the captain who spitted me so deftly. Dr. Talmage_ informed us that the scientific men of Adelaide had given up evolution. I don'o know, but I venture to say that no evolutionist ever held that man has descended from an ape. He doea say that the ape and we have common blood in our veins, and even goes further and saya that the germs of the noblest virtues are to be fouud in an ancestry much lower down the unbroken stream of life. This may be atheism, but then Socrates was called an atheist, and almost all the sciences had to meet this baptism of fire, to the shame, not of soience, but of something else. At the same time one is glad to see that Lord Salisbury has reminded the British Associa tion, of which he is president, not of .the triumphs of knowledge, but of the ignor ance which baffles it. Nob long ago one of our distinguished men of science here spoke of the million of years needed to niake good his theories. Bub one is reminded^ tbab the mathematical investigations of Tait and Lord Kelvin make serious inroads on these millions. Professor Drnmmoad * has just told us that evolution has found a place for God in the universe in which without pause he worked hitherto. Let us leave the matter to those who understand; their eyes are sharper than oars, and flaws of every kind in work of this nature will sooner or later be found out. Our work is different, and it is more than enough for us. I cannot refrain from quoting a really wonderful passage from the latest deliverance of Huxley, an avowed enemy, not so much of Christ as of the theo logies associated with his name. After point ing'out that social progress means a check ing of the cosmio process, whose skirts are dyed in the blood of the weak, he goe3 on to eav that what is demanded of us now is not the straggle which secures the survival of the fittest. "In place of ruthless self assertion it (goodness) demands self-restraint; in place of thrusting aside, or treading down, all competitors it requires that the individual shall not merely respect), but _ shall help hia fellows; its influence is directed, not so much to the Burvival of the fittest as to the fitting of as many as possible to Eurvive. It repudiates the gladiatorial theory of existence."—{The Romanes Lec ture). Huxley has not told us where he found this noble testimony,, seeing that the cosmos, or Nature, says, "it is not in me," but let not that prevent us from saying reverently amen. Perhaps those who charge Christianity with immoralitybecause it says the same thing will listen to him, though they regard Paul as an absurdity. I am not going to say much with respect to that brave and distinguished servant of God who i3 now spending himself among ' us, and that because I am in sympathy with 'what he calis his speciality, the emphasising of certain aspects and truths of God's revelation. One recalls on hearing him or reading him a legend of one of hiB ancestors who, whatever ' his theory, practised with energy and success ) the gladiatorial method of existence. The ' tradition is that after he had dined it was the custom to send to the top of the tower of his gloomy castle on a rock in the Atlantic a herald to proclaim after a blast from his trumpet, " McNeill has dined, others may follow suit." His modern namesake ha3 preached, and most of us must be content to follow him at a distance. He has tound his special work, and blessed is he we are told who has done so, bus _ Christ has other specialists of a different kind, and though he may nob like gome of them—they have been led on a different; road from him—-he must not judge. Mr. McNeill pleads for the old, and that rightly, but then he has made it new. McCheyne would be shocked at much in his method, but it does not follow that he is wrong. The Bible truth is a muoh wider thing than one's experience of it. He has come to us at a time when we were perplexed, humiliated—whev what we thought btable as the hill of God crumbled into dust like an v exposed 'mummy—with a true word which will not fall to the ground. He has nobly vindi cated the place of preaching as a true means of grace, as an instrument in the hand of the Holy Ghost—has asserted the right of the prophet as against the usurpations of the' priests. How rich must our Saviour be,* seeing that there is such a rich variety in the order of His servants. Carlyle, in his pathetio notice of the death of Edward Irving, referring to his popularity, says:—"Syren Bongs, as of a new moral reformation (sons of , mammon were to become sons of God, and the , gumflowers of Almaok to ba made living roses _ of Eden) tound in his inexperienced ear 'most seductive, most delusive. Fashion then ' went her idle way to gaze on Eeyptian croco diles, &c.;, and forgot this man." I quote the passage for the closing words. Let us pray that with us there may be no such forget ful ness, at least of the message. 