'THE MAN FROM MEL BOURNE. BY MRS. HENRY E. DUDENEY. CHAPTER XXXrv— (Continued.) .would they all fall away from her? She looked round like a snared bird, and read contempt on every face. "Is it not rather Indecorous to so eagerly appropriate a cast-off lover?" said Bee, cruel to Mny for tlie first and last time. "Have you forgotten Philip ?" asked Phyllis, as usual very much to the point. "Are you quite sure,' Miss Cunliffe, of your cwn mind?" remarked Angus, tn a voice which he thought was kind, but was bitterly scornful. He looked at her with his frank eyes. There was a little curl in his lip. He was thinking what n pretty, flighty. Irresolute simpleton she was. "Can -you not satisfy the anxiety of all our friends, May?" Cruker asked, suavely. "I am quite sure of my own mind." she said in a slow, set voice. "Perhaps it will be better jor all of us not to prolong this unpleasant, interview." "May, cannot, make sense of you," cried Phyllis. "Only yesterday you were crying for Philip, ready to go to him. To day you profess indifference for him, and love — for tliis num." She would not dig nify Crokor with any more precise de scription. "It. is horrible!" Her dead level attitude threatened for once to rise to pas sion. "The man who killed your father, who is, or was, a drunkard, a loose liver — you need not sign me to silence, Angus. In tho hospital we learn to call spades by their right names. Will neither of you say a word?" Phyllis appealed to her brother and Bee, as Croker put a protecting arm round the shrinking girl who had pledged herself to him. "'There is nothing to be said." Bee lifted her dark head. She was certainly not jpalous of May; but Oroker's arm about her waist was not a calming sight. Angus was fuming too. He could not. endure this too public fondling. He wondered why, as the little jade did not know her own mind two days together, he and his sister and sweetheart, lingered. lie pulled Phyllis sharply to order in a big brotherly fashion. "My dear girl, you are simply wasting breath and making yourself ridiculous. Miss Cunliffe needs no champion." Phyllis loooked at 'May. "You wish us to go away?" "Yes." "Then good-bye. I will not wish you happiness, because I know well you will never have it. 1 will give Philip a full account of this scone on his return. May looked in her cold, firm face into the dull grey eyes which had hardened. She tried not to feel so bitterly pained. They ,.'ire all right to despise her. They did ..jjt know. "Good-bye," she said simply. Bee came next. She had been upstairs, and packed and brought down her little dressing- bag. She had slept at the cottage, shared May's bed the night before. Now . they were parting for a lifetime. Both felt that future intercourse was impossible. Angus kept close to ljer side. At Croker he never looked; ho felt It was not safe. He had an overwhelming British impulse to "Tight tlie fellow," but he refrained, though ho clutched his fists Involuntarily. "Good- bye!" said Boo. Her face was stony. She did not oven put out a farewell hand. "Good-bye." They looked in each other's eyes. Some swift intuition camo lo Bee. These girls had loved each otk«.»r. Something in the depths of those blue eyes molted her heart, restored her confid. uee. She plumped her bag on the floor, broke from Angus, who held her arm, pushed aside Croker, who was close to May, and passionately kissed her. "I will never leave you, darling," she cried impulsively. "I do not care one bit for you, or you." Her eves (lashed from man to man. both at different times her lovers. "I will stay with May till her brother comes. You say he gives consent; I will hear, it from his Hps as well as yours." "There Is a man coming up the path," Phyllis announced with precision. CHAPTER XXXV. — PRATT PROVES EQUAL TO THE OCCASION. As Phyllis spoke, Crokor stepped quickly to the window. It was with relief he saw that the man was not Roy Cunliffe. A middle-sized, ordinary-looking man enough, ho was, as a minute later he came into the room. A man in a coat and waistcoat of rather shiny, black diagonal, with a pimply face and a remarkably keen eye. "Mr. Charles Croker, I believe." He stepped close to Croker, keeping skil fully between him and the door as lie spoke. Something in the man's face, iu his air of authority, made Croker start buck, made his face pale, and his voire grow sus picious, as he replied, evasive! v: "YVhat if it is?" "This is wlmt." The man handed him a paper. "Perhaps you'll have tlie goodness to run your eye over this— a warrant for your arrest." Croker took it. rend, and knew that Kitty, whom he had slighted, whom he had latcty regarded ns the least, dangerous of his enemies, had brought about his down fall by disclosing his whereabout:; to the authorities at Scotland Yard, who arrested him cot as the pretended Roy Cunliffe, but. as the man they wanted in connection with the Melbourne bank frauds. But he wasted little time on thought of any kind. He dashed past the detective to the door. "Lock out. Bill.' cried Hie seodv man of diagonal, and in tne doorway tnoy an saw the burly body of the detective's subordi nate. Croker turned back, with n forced laugh. "One too many for me this timo. But It will not take mo long to disprove this paltry charge." "Don't doubt it," returned the officer, drily, "but until you do, consider yourself my prisoner, and understand that trying to escape is no go. We've drawn a pretty tight line round this bouse, I reckon. To morrow morning I've got a trap coming early, to drive you and me and my man to the station on our way to London." Croker, still with an Ill-assumed aJTocta- tion of jaunty case, went across the room to May, drew her a little aside, and holding fiercely the girl's trembling hands, said in a low voice: "This business may detain me a few days. I am innocent, of course. During my absence, remember our compact. Any rash act or word of yours will «ipen my mouth — you know on what subject, and Yvlth what result." Dusk fell on that eventful 'day. Tlie cottage on Exmoor had more occupants than It had seen for many days, for Angus, Phyllis, and Bee, together with the two officers, wore sleeping there. > Croker, guarded In a room on the ground floor, cursed the evil turn of fortune which had snatched the cup from his lips at tho very moment of drinking. Another day, and May would have been his wife. May, lacking sense and practicability, could only sit by the open window through tho first dark hours of the night, and live over, in a hideous waking nightmare, tho events of the last 12 months. She slept In a wing of the old house away from the other bedroom. She had declined Bee's offer of companionship. Kind Bee, still much mystified, but with regained trust, .felt fond anxiety for the pretty, pale-faced creature. "Tell me all about it," she had whlsper- | ed, coming from her own room to May's. The others were asleep, or, at least, still. "Is it not dreadful?" Bee, not given to demonstrative show of emotion, shivered and paled as she thought of Croker. J "It is even more dreadful than you sup- ' pose," shuddered May, still with the terri- ; fled stare in her blue eyes, and thinking of ' Roy — a murderer. "But 1 cannot tell even you, Bee, dear. Believe me to be as bad as you please. I — I mean to marry him still. He has satisfied me that he is innocent of this new charge. Of course you will never forgive me for winning your lover from you! It is not to be expected." "I would not marry him," Bee said, with conviction, "if he were a free man and an innocent, and begged my consent. I see now what a blind fool I have been all along, how nearly I have missed happiness. May, have you thought of Philip?" "I never cease to think of him." May flung herself into her friend's arms, and sobbed in a subdued, frightened way. "It is very wicked and weak; I shall forget it | in time, but just at first — Oil, what folly 1 I am talking." Site drew herself away j from Bee. "I did not mean it, believe me, j I love Charles Croker. Have I not promis- j ed to be his wife?" "The promise has been forced from you. That wicked man has you in his power In some way. You poor little soul! You are trembling like a bird! Come to bod. and toll me all about it. Do you not remember how at school you always whispered your troubles ta mo in the dormitory, after the gas was turned out?" "And you always helped me, dear Bee." May looked, with a ghost of a smile in tearful eyes and on quivering lips, In Bee's rugged, dark face, lit with a. glow of sym pathy. "But now you cannot help me. No one can. Good-night! Y'our hands are cold. Y'ou are shivering. Go back to your room. I would really rather be alone." So Bee went away, and May, rolled iu a drcsrdng-gown, and with the (leecc of a white shawl about her head, sat looking across the black space of the star-roofed moor. How good Bee was, she thought, with compunction, and how shamefully she was forced to treat her. Phyllis, too, had look ed more kindly as she said good-night, and Angus had grasped her hand firmly. They all stayed in the house with her. "We'll see tho business out," Angus had said, with a returning gleam of cordiality in his grey eyes. How would it turn out? May prayed that. Crokor might lie proved innocent, even though his freedom meant the loss of hers. Roy must be saved at any cost, and Croker imprisoned might revenge himself by dragging down her brother. May would have gone down lo that .ground-floor room and tried to free Croker, had she not known the feat to be a sheer impossibility. She leaned her shawl-shrouded head wearily against the window, Down in the garden, crouching behind bushes and fu ming at delay, a man was watching her every movement. YVhen at last she disap peared. lie crept out into the starlit path and towards the house. May threw herself undressed on the bed, not thinking sleep possible. But in a few minutes, worn out with continued crying and strong emotion, she did sleep, and soundly. Tlie detective who effected Croker'a ar rest had travelled from Pnddington by the same train as Roy, and was, like him, an outside passenger on the coach. Roy heard his cross-examinniion of the driver about houses and people of the neighborhood, noticed how skilfully, when he led up to Croker. he stayed with tho subject. The man was undoubtedly a detective, sent, down by Kitty to arrest Croker. If he (Roy) was ar the cottage at the time of the arrest, he, too, might bo taken up, on Croker's declaration, for Blyth's murder. He watched the detective .dismount from the coach, cut. across the moor by a zig zag path, and dip down to the cottage. Roy knew its exact whereabouts from Kitty's minute description, as well as from tho conversation between driver and de tective. He even saw thp smoke rising from Us chimneys. He left the coach at t bo inn of a tiny hamlet much frequented by moorland fishers. At this inn Angus and Phyllis Drummond had slept the night before, and here Pratt, iu the character of contemplative angler and elderly gentle man down for his health, bad been estab lished ever since his introduction to May as Captain Olat.worthy. To do Pratt jus tice, he had been loyal to Croker all through the swindle. Ho had watched for Roy carefuly every day. L was lucky for the latter Unit vacillation and weakness had keot hirn buck for a week, and that chance had tinallv sent him down at the r.anm time as the Scotland Y'ard official. Otherwise, Pratt, with a certainty of £5000 If ho did his business well, would certainly not have been scrupulous In the doing of It. But on that particular day his atten tion was drawn off Roy's probable arrival by the more dread appearance of the detec tive. whose man, "Bill," Pratt at once re cognised as a policeman in plain clothes with whom he had more than once had dealings. Pratt relieved himself by his favorite expletive, as lie watched from his place of hiding the two men enter the cottage, lies trapped sure enough. And a petti coat at the bottom of tthc blarmed busi ness, 111 stake my soul' YVouder which it is — tho meally-mouthed one he's sweet on (she was off on the scoot somewhere the very moment he turned his back, and dash mo if the little devil didn't give me tho slip!), or is it the bouncer with the snap ping black eyes? No matter. He's not ched, and precious hard it'll go with him. Jist my luck. Blowed If I ever really thought I should have the fingering of that five thou. Shall I make tracks or slick? I sticks. Amos Pratt never yet turned his back on n pal in trouble. Darn me, If I don't try to get hltn out. But 'ow? That's the rub." Amos walked back to his inn in medita tion, and, for .purposes of deep thinking, found perpetual tippling in the bar and genial converse with whoever dropped in beneficial. (To 1)0 continued.) 