Ministerial Inspection of the Mount Hope Lands. As the Ministers and others on tour in the South-East had purposed to inspect the swamps under Mount Hope over which drainage proposals are hanging, the district councils ukased that they should be received with as near an approach to due and ancient form as was possible in these sad times. Therefore, Mr. Plunkett was instructed to make arrangements for their reception and transport. The party was accordingly met at Rendelsham on Saturday, April 28th, on arrival of the ordinary train. It consisted of the Hon. C. C. Kingston (Premier), J. H. Gordon (Chief Secretary), S. G. Jenkins (Commissioner of Public Works), and A. A. Kirkpatrick, M.L.C., Mr. James Cock, M.P., and Mr. Finlayson of the Register, Messrs. J. J. Osman, G.D.E. Plunkett, W. Williams, M. Hogan, W. Sutherland, B. McDonald, T. McCourt jun, and representatives of the Advertiser, Millicent Times, and Register. It was a very quiet party. The days when Ministerial picnics left a trail of glory and overproof whiskey as long as the tail of Biela's comet behind them, and made a high-tide mark by which the publicans could measure their cash takings, have passed away. The ghosts of some of those parliamentary "roof-tearers " would indeed have been disgusted to find that three out of five of their degenerate successors were teetotallers. There was no drought however. On the contrary as soon as the train hove in sight a cheery cry of "Where's them corkscrews ?" went up, followed by much diving into boxes and scattering of straw envelopes. It had been intended to separate the Ministers and put one in each conveyance,- in such a way that a maximum of information and local grievances could be forced into them. This arrangement had to be modified, however, because on account of some oversight not enough Ministers had been provided, but the best possible was done, and the party got away. The main road was taken across Neilson's and Stewart's bridges, and from there out into the ridgy country on Hay's land. As the procession passed along everyone talked at high pressure to give the visitors some ideas on drainage, fodder crops, peat land cultivation, and subsoils, and. the visitors looked twice as wise as any .man ought to be and did their best to take the information down. The reporters also tried to take it down and made frantic dashes at their note-books, but owing to the jolting of the traps their shorthand hieroglyphics looked more like the report of an earthquake in China, or the mad score of a burlesque opera, than sober newspaper matter. Out of the ranges a break was made across the tussocky flats towards the north. At this point the Chief Secretary, who was decked in a "plug hat" of glorious dimensions, attempted to give an air of respectability to the turn-out by taking the reins of Mr. McCourt's "unicorn," but the attempt was only a partial success. His leader persisted in a desire to get round to the back of the conveyance to inspect the provision basket, and this spoiled the otherwise imposing effect. The first rabbit was sighted among the tussocks and, as his cotton-wad bobbed off among the bushes, a proposition was made that the Ministry should get down and settle the rabbit difficulty out-of-hand. But the astonishing sight of Her Majesty's Government tearing through the wilderness, though it would have made good sport, might it was thought act prejudically against the colonists' loyalty to the Crown, and the project was abandoned. The voyage progressed through ferny ridges, with occasional sharp dips, into small peat flats until a fence was met, which was demolished with a tomahawk. Then another fence and some more tomahawk, and crossing a couple of wet, soft swamps, over which the matted rush-roots were the only safeguard against a "bog," the caravan drew up for a few minutes under Mount Hope. No one seemed to know why this disgraceful little anthill had been called a mountain. Perhaps it had been named by some former Government picnicer who had looked on the rum bottle till his vision was doubled, or mayhap the explorer who labelled it did so in the sure hope that it would one day get struck by a convulsion of nature and telescoped into a decent sized land-mark; but anyhow it stands to-day as an undersized monument to someone's folly, and under it the visitors got a fresh worrying about the requirements of the district. The probable course of the drain was pointed out, and the proposed outlet through the range into Lake Frome, also the capabilities of the swamps in a drained state were dwelt on anew. Then with their backs turned on the ant-hill mountain, the party struck over towards the Greenhill road to look up a good spot for luncheon, Mr Tantram had provided some promising looking boxes and bottles, but the Government also showed that it was a Government run on strict business principles by the production of a hamper and additional bottles, and capped the evidence with a live waiter. It was a very good luncheon, but it was recklessly destroyed. The wreckage and bottles were scattered round, to be gathered perhaps by some "cockie," and brought as a new testimony to the wonderful productiveness of the soil, before the local Bureau. The balance of the lemonade was packed away, and the horses heads turned towards the pyramidal point of Mount Muirhead, visible in the distance. There was little of interest on the way, and when they got on the Greenhill-drain road, level as a billiard takle, and straight as a rifle barrel, everyone settled down to anecdote. " If I were appointed," said a M.P., "to go on another commission with Mr. Thingummy, member for Boggy Waterhole, I would refuse flat. He's beastly when he's drunk. They say he is right enough when he's sober, but I never saw him right enough yet," and so on and so forth, each telling a better snake story than his predecessor. Mr. A. Sutherland's was reached, and they found something else to do with their mouths, but not for long. When a fresh start was made it was in a direct line for home, and the main street was driven into just when the evening shadows were lengthening. When the visitors landed an inspection of the town was made, and all seemed pleased enough with the cleanliness and general appearance of the place, and and with the reception accorded them. The members of the Ministry and the members of Parliament seemed impressed with the necessity that existed for a drainage system to clear the Mount Hope swamps; but they are apparently in favor of an application of the betterment principle to the works. They left Millicent for Mount Gambier by a special train at about 10 o'clock at night. 