A ifSflRIOUS DISAPPEARANCE. — ? ^ ? =- BY KENNETH LAUDEHDALE. CHAPTER XVI. Lady Kilnieny was standing at tne 'reat centre window of the banquet in' ball, looking down, with a mocking lip' and lurking devilry in her eye at the Laird Tyndale and Major Gavin in the court below^g^ they shook their dusty bonnets, an§ig|mped their spur red feet, preparal^-tD ascending into the presence of their kinswoman. The lady was clothed in a long robe of emerald velvet, which swept the floor behind, like a train; ' and' the cincture of quaintly carved iron Glas ped a waist almost startling in its slenderness, when taken in propor tion to her real height and undulating bnst. Why she should choose iron for her jewellery, the inconsolable Mysie failed to ascertain; but there were the antique ornaments spanning her waisf, weisrhhi^r down her slender neck, and clanking like fetters npon her arms. My lady had taken an insane fancy to'tliose ornaments, /ghe had found thorn among the effects of Lady BrGillrray Strathmore, one gloomy, rain-sodden day, when she was laugh ing and taunting over the ancient, clannish lore inscribed in worm-eaten books. She brought these to light from the recesses of an old oaken cabinet, rattling like manacles. 3Iy lady held them up, her eyes gleaming, solemnly kissed the elabo rately-carved griffith with a chain in its mouth, which composed the design, and pronounced them an heir-loom expressly descended to her, and sneer ing and jibing bade Mysie put them away for state occasions. And this was state occasion the first. Lord Tyndale had sent from Bracken Hough, two days ago, an intimation that lie and his eldest son, the major, should honor themselves by waiting upon my lady on Thursday, the 26th of September, if it were my lady's pleasure. My lady had returned word that it was her convenience; so here the gen tlemen were, prepared to do business. And my lady having, with whimsi cal care, ordered a grand feast, had caused the gaunt reception-rooms to be decked with velvet festoons and heather wreaths, as if royalty was ex pected; and all looked gay, imposing, and brilliant, except, indeed, the dull bands which decorated my lady's fair self. Lady Kilmeny smiled curiously to . herself when she saw them down in the locked court-yard of her Tower; but she smiled much more chillingly as they approached ner, one Dy one, and kissed her extended hand. 'Welcome to Strathmore, Lord Tyn dale; welcome Major Gavin. Be sea ted, and accept my hospitality,' said my lady, with a sweeping reverence and a wave of her hand. 'Eat, my uncle and cousin, eat, drink, make merry, then chalk my path 'for me.' The laird stood speechless, jaw drop ped and gray eyes agog, staring at my lady, and forgetting to accept the proffered seat at the foot of the glitter ing banquet table, . Big. burly Majbr''_Giiviii gaped, too, but was not too astounded to blurt out what was atop in his bull brain. 'Cousin Kilmeny, you're not yourself at all. What in thunder makes you so lean and old looking? You're twenty years older since I saw you three weeks ago!' 'The cares, good Gavin, the cares of State tell upon my unaccustomed brain,' quoth the lady, blandly, throw ing a covert glance of keen amusement at the laird; 'and I daresay I shall gam other twenty years of appearance ere another week passes over my gris ling head. I am failing in looks very fast Cousin Gavin. I shall soon be really ugly.' 'Jove, but will you?' ejaculated the dragoon, twisting his pointed mousta ches in consternation. 'Gad, you're ?white as a ghost now— you're like a witch-woman, Cousin Kilmeny.' My lady gravely bowed to the floor; as if at the receipt of a fine compli ment, leaving the broad- shouldered dragoon glowering in amazement. ''My lady mocks me, Gavin,' ex claimed the laird, flushing angrily, as he watched his erratic niece. 'You're slow and stupid, Gavin, or you'd paint a willful May with brighter colors than depreciation. She laughs in her sleeve at your simplicity.' Still the Major twisted his nut-brown moustaches and gnawed their fine. Po lish barbs in his wonderment, for his cousin was standing before them with smiling face, and dark, scintillating eye. threading the long, raven-black strands of her hair, which she wore totally unconfined to-day, with her cold, slender fingers, and the action suggested strangely to him the oscil lation of a tigress before she springs on her prey. 'Cousin Major,' said my lady, with silver tone, 'I'm sorry I can't suit jour admiring eye better, but my hey day of beauty is gone for ever, and there's nothing left of me but old age and a furious temper. I often feel now as if I must strangle someone, and Mysie,4hin.k$.,I am insane. But don't' feel uncomfortable, I pray you, good major; I'm quite sane to-day, and in a very good humor, and looking my very best' And with a hist covert flash at the uneasy laird, my lady, led the way to the table, seated herself, and signed for the major to place himself at her right hand. This he did with consi derable hesitation, involuntarily mov ing his chair away an inch or two from her, thereby wreathing my lady's lips hi to new curves of diablerie. ' 'My lady, my Lady Kilmeny!' ex claimed Lord Tyndale, gliding into the carved chair at the foot of the board, and bending forward to gaze keenly at his smiling visra-vis, 'why wear you the chains of dead Lady 'Gillvray Srathmore? Take you her place when you wear the bonds? She was a good lady, and true to her husband's house; will you be the same?' 'Laird Tyndale, you have clasped my hand in pledge of that.' 'Then why so fierce an eye, Lady Kilmeny? Why so scorning a tongue for the heir of Bracken Hough? Those amulets should change your bitter heart to softness and loyalty, for so was the heart of their former wearer.' Lady Kflmeny, coiling the sealed band round her slender throaty re turned her uncle's gaze with eyes softened by sudden interest. 'Toll, me about Lady Strathmore,' she cried, 'No one speaks of her here, and she was my aunt Tell me idl you can remember, Laird Tyndale.' 'I can't tell you much, child, for it was but a short time she blossomed in Sterile Strathmore, the bonniest flower of Sutherland! But why, Lady Kilmeny, do you think, of her?' asked the old man, carving the . haunch of venison with slightly unsteady hand. 'I know riot,' murmured my lady, leaning her brow upon her shadow hand. 'But I think, and I think, and I weave wild dreams, and there's ever a pallid Lady Strathmore looking at me through them all. Laird Tyndale, did I ever see Lady M'Gillvray?' 'I wot not. She was never in Aber deen,' replied the laird. 'You trifle, sir,' exclaimed my lady, with a frown. 'Why don't you speak decidedly, and without finessing? Is it that simple Gavin sits at my right hand? Eat, good major, and shut your ears when you open your mouth. Now, Laird Tyndale, I will listen to the biography of my dead aunt.' 'Kilmeny, there is nothing to be told but what you already know.' said the laird, looking at her stprnly. 'Nay, then, but that can' be contra dicted,' cried my lady, with a short laugh. 'I have yet to be to^d why. you lock Lady M'Gillyray's portrait, with that of my cousin Koseeleer, in the to'jver ehaimber, -ISir, if you haye made, me lady -Ker6; Why do you not entrust me with Stra'thmore's histories? I will know her life, and be it good, or be it bid, I'U wait in her steps,' murmured she, suddenly, weeping.' 'She was the purest, bravest lady that ever grew on Strathmore tree,' said the laird, solemnly. 'She never traversed jStrathmore's fortunes but once, and— and that fault she washed out with her death.' 'What!' breathed my lady, thrilling with suspense. 'Murdered, was she?' 'Killed by no mortal hand; it was the Doom!' muttered Tyndale Strath more. Lady Kilmeny was quietened after that, and the feast proceeded in utter silence. Perhaps tbe dread supersti titions of this house were at last tak ing root in her proud heart. She sat, pale and quiet, thinking, her down dropped eyes fastened upon the bracec let on her right- wrist, and Major Gavin, seeing her face turned toward him, ceased his frequent stares at her, and applied himself assiduously to the viands. 'What was my aunt's maiden name?' asked Lady KUmeny, look ing up from her reveries. 'Ye'ge get nae mair frae me the noo,' muttered he, sourly. ''Gang to the auld Nurse M'Intyre, who bedded my lady when a bride, an' streaked my lady when a cauld corpse: Gang to the crone yersel, if ye want to know her good and evil portion, an' tak warning by what ye hear.' ' And with that he strode from the table, and stood in one of the groined stone windows overlooking the Firth. My lady looked after him with a face of unearthly intellect, and a wild smile en her parted lips; then rose, graciously led the way to another elegantly arranged chamber, seated her guests, and placed herself directly opposite them. 'Speak, my uncle,' said she, assum ing an attitude of attention. 'I jawait the opening of your mind.' 'Lady Kilmeny, I have but a few words to^ay.but I beg y.o'u vwill hfear. them with attention,' began the laird, impressively. *'When I have said those words I shall leave my son Gavin to introduce his business with you.' Lady Kilmeny sat back on her lounge with a compressed lip, and bowed her head. \r 'When you left your home hi Aber deen, and accompanied me to your pos sessions here, you left some friends be hind you,' resumed the laird, taking her hand and clasping it firmly; 'one of whom was on such terms with you that -it was with difficulty you broke the connection on such short notice; the others most generously let you go, without protest' 'Is there any necessity for the reca pitulation ot an old tale?' aemanaea my lady, contemptuously snatching away her hand. 'You know 1 dis like such a system, Laird Tyndale. Speak to the point' 'My lady, I will be heard,' respond ed the laird, repossessing himself of her hand, and tightening his grasp as he proceeded. 'I shall speak of the fact yet this once, and then it dies between us. It is but due to us, to Gavin'— this with a meaning pressure of her cold fingers — 'that an outline of your late life should be gone over. Now, listen ? ' ..-/. 'But I positively refuse to listen, Laird Tyndale.' 'Lady Kilmeny, if you remember your vow, made on Wolfe's Head three weeks ago, you will listen.' And my lady ceased her angry strife and sat down conquered. 'Lady Kilmeny, you were poor and obscure in Aberdeen, and though your grandparents fondly cherished you, they could ^mise you but a meagre home after .jeir death. Well, know ing this, they made no opposition when your house, to which you became ne cessary, claimed you for its head, to avert the judgments brought upon it by a traitoress; so, when you came with me, you came with their blessing. lg it so, my lady?' ?*?= There -was- a .pause. Sir Tyndale: stubbornly waited for some sign of affirmation, and, gripping the girl's chilly band, strove to catch her gloomy eye. - 'Your vow!' he muttered in her ear at last, and, with a shiver, . my lady looked at him, and faintly articula ted: 'It is so.' . 'Mr. Gavin, listen,' quoth the laird, with a . glance at that rather stolid looking personage. icl wish to be per fectly satisfied with my lady's former course, so note what she tells you. You were, glad to leave obscurity and cramping poverty, my lady, for the good of your wealthy house, so you joyfully obeyed the summons; and in spired by a noble self abnegation, «ey ered a tie which many a girl woujd have trembled to do so. . I shall only, touch ujson this subject, and spare son as mucn as I'may. ton were contrac ted in marriage to a young gentleman in mediocre circumstances, a printer, or sub-editor of some local paper in Aberdeen, and he ? ' : My lady rose with a burning brow, and wrenched her hand from the laird. 'What has this outrage, to do with your plans?' she demanded, with sup pressed fury. 'How dare, you, Tyn dale Strathmore? Enough of your oration— 1*11 hear no more.' Sir Tyndale, being stronger than she, forced her back to ner. chair, -fondled, elaspecL, :. and kissed, her . shuddering I fingerei deprecated arid. commanded by many a coyert art, then gingerly trip ped on his way again. ; ''My dear child, I am almost fin ished,' he Wandly 'remarked. 'To proceed: You dismissed; your lover of your own free will, discarded him for ever, and bade a stormy adieu to. his Sister, who was your closest friend. You accompanied me as far as Forres in brilliant spirits, devoted and daunt less, and when there we unfortunately learned that your betrothed was dri ven to irisanityi an event which might have been expected on losing a woman like yourself. Put instead of receiv ing the intelligence with gentle regret and throwing yourself at once into the arms of your house, you have flou ted and scorned and revenged your mad lover's cause on us all these weeks, apd stretched back weak hands to Aberdeen. You have written, to the sister, and pined fpr a visit from your lover's brother, that you might obtain their forgiveness, and take you back among them, and that you might even' win back the. reason of your ruined betrothed. And how have they 're sponded to your cries?' Read' again that TJitter letter you have graven on. your rankling heart— remember each scathing sentence, df;..wt£.ib 'arid re^ proa^li^Ei^e '. jo |Pdlfe''J' jiead;4nd re peat again your .vow^rthen turn, to Strathmore once more, its deliverer, and not its bane. My niece, my dear, dear niece, I' have. done. -My .son, no* thing lies between you and her. And now, with my blessing, I leave you:' At the close of this singular speech the laird released my. laay's: . hands, rose, looked down for an instant with portentous significance.- into ~ her face, then hurried frond the apartment to clatter, on a tall, roan steed, straight home to Bracken Hough. :.'?: The thoughts of Kilmeny might have been a curious study to her lover just then. ?' She was 'not thinking of lean ing on-his arm to walk down the allot ted *way; more likely she was wonder ing whether her frail hand could lay him low at his entrance. Major Gavin cleared his throat when six minutes had elapsed, and charged at the enemy in true dragoon style: 'Gad, Kilmeny, my girl! the fact is, my father thinks it best that you should take my name at once, and so, faith, do I. If s best for the house, and we'll not make such a bad couple when the law has linked us, eh, Cousin Kilmeny? Ajid if you'll just keep your rugged .temper for your hinds, and dogs, and horses — gad! you'll have enough of them, an' ye like— why, Til be as kind a husband as ever kissed Strathmore May. What do you say, Lady Kilmeny?' Dark, ominous shadows were lying thick on my lady's bleached face; her lips wreathed in a wicked smile, and her sharp, glistening teeth were set with rage and 'scorn. 'Tell your father,' said she, in, a quivering tone, 'that I cannot marry where I cannot stoop to obey. I could never suffer you, Major Gavin, were you my husband; arid without jp the least infringing on riiy duty to the house of Strathmore, I utterly and absolutely refuse to consort with Lord' Tyridale's eldest son.' 'But, cousin Kilmeny,' urged the poor stupid major, with a purple, face, growing proportionately desperate as the victory seemed almost declared, 'you know^you: must «iawy one of us,: and it should be me. And you voived, you know, and so on ? '? 'To marry you?' interposed my lady,: with a ringing laugh. ' ; 'To do for the good of Strathmore,' continued Major Gavin, 'and in spite of previous attachment to - connect yourself with its fortunes, which can not -be done, you very well know, unless a union takes place. Take time to consider, Lady Kilmeny— take two days.' 'Not an hour!' cried my lady, ve hemently. 'Go tell Laird Tyndale that I cannot will not do the thing I hate, while it lies outside my tow. .You have heard my last word on the subject Major Gavin; and now, if you are a man, leave me!' . . ; So the dragoon srathered himself mo. defeated, from the fray, and as he was a man, although a slow and incompfre hensive one, he left my lady's chamber with a low reverence, and followed hard on his sire's traces, with many a puzzled, backward glance at the frow ning battlements of Stratbjnore Tower slowly sinking into the .vale behind. Perhaps there were astonishment and rage. rampant in Bracken. Hough, aboiit an hour after this eventful in terview; periaps. rage predominated, for astonishment could hardly flourish in the wary Tyndale's heart after such experiences as he had had of his niece's, temper. He s,aid very little, but probably thought the more, during Major Gavin's indignant declamation, and turned at the conclusion, of the recital to the eager Kenneth 'arid the silent Robin. He nodded to his second son. 'You shall try my lady's will, tomor row,' quoth the lairdi And Kenneth, spite of a lowering glance from Robin, bowed and an swered: 'Ay, father, that I wilL' * ? * ? ? *' . * ' The lady of Strathmore was strange^ ly still arid quiescent after her brave wooer's exodus; ? so quiet arid imrriov able that the amber shadows of t)je. wes;tern,srin. deepened, high on the.glea mihig wall ': 6f her 'dainty ch'ainbeiv be fore she once raised her face frdin its long .motionless repose. Tlje court-bell . clanged in the sum mer night and the hesitating flutter of her handmaiden's, fingers upon her chatober door at last aroused my lady to life arid its thorns. .':' 'There will' be a- storm to-night' quoth my lady, drearily, 'and little cares the lady of Strathmore fo? storm or peage. Come in, Mysie.' '-'.'. .'..'? _ 'Shall I bring my, lady's fenpper?', whispered Mysie, . with a timid' curtsey, as she entered the apartment 'Fetch- my bonnet and .plaid,' said Kilmeny, not heeding her, maid's ques tion. . :-,-:?.-.?-?- -'What at- Jialf-past eight o'clock?' uttered the stajrtled girl- 'The gate's locked, jand oh, my -lady, but tie night's threatening.'* ? ? ; . v ;. 'Go,' ^commanded ;3ier : mercurial la dy, with rising passion. : 'Do you con tradict pie, girl?' ^ ' .?-?? :- .:. ;? -r- . 'Ohi/m^sweet-^la^' railed -the lady's riiiaLidivbegminng;irinriediately-to weep, '4heyUJ no open. the ^ate;foi?;ypu sae late^-bide till the iriorri;'- ' v^i .,? , : CEo fee Continued:) '??-??' \ :l . 