CHAPTER VII. Reuben Penwithen followed thc dog ¡is rapidly as he was able, and ere long saw that the intelligent animal had come close to tho youth, and that they now stood facing each other. "At him, Shep!" said. Reuben; but although the dog crouched and grow- led, he did not obey. "At him, old man!" he repeated; and still the dog refused to attack the young fellow, who stood waiting for him. "He waan't," said Ishmael, "he's feared." "What are you doing here, young fellowV" asked Reuben angrily; "and what do you mean by looking in at. my window?" "Nothin'," replied Ishmael, still keep- ing his eyes on the dog. "Rut you were; what do you mean by it?" "Nothin'," repeated Ishmael; "call off your dog." Somehow he did not at all feel frightened at Reuben now he stood face to face with him. "I'll do nothing of the sort," replied Reuben. "I'll have you taken before the magistrates, and then sent out of the neighborhood. You are here for no good; young fellow. I was foolish to get you a job; but if you don't leave this part of the country at once it shall be the worse for you-you blas- pheming young infidel!" Ishmael realised the weakness of this threat. First, the magistrates were to send him out of the neighbor- hood, and then, if he didn't leave the neighborhood at once, it should be thc worse for him. "I shall not leave tho neighborhood," replied Ishmael. "I've done nothin' wrong." "Who are you?" said Reuben. This mysterious lad made him uncomfort- able, and he asked the question almost, without thinking. "You knaw my name-Ishmael Pen gully. I've no friends, but I've my livia' to git, and have as much right to git it as you have." Tho reply contained a note of sullen defiance, and Reuben did not like being defied. For years be'd been one of the most important men in Ibo neighborhood, and to be bearded by this great hulking fellOAV angered bim. He -wondered whether a shout would reach the ears of the men ser- vants in tho kitchen. He was afraid not But he must punish Ishmael somehow, and make him afraid if possible. He wondered if bc dared to tackle him. After all be Ava s only a lad-although he was so big. Meanwhile the dog had been crouch- ing, watching Ishmael's 0Arery move- ment, and as soon as his attention Avas slightly diverted from bim pre- pared to leap. "That's it, Shep! At bim!" urged Reuben, "at bim!" ho repeated in an angry voice; and the 'dog Avith a savage groAvl obeyed bis master's A'oicc. The animal Avas by no means a lady's pet. Half a shepherd's dog, and half a mastiff, he Avas a formid- able opponent, especially when arou- sed, and urged on by bis master. "Ah! that's got you, you 'black- guard!" cried Reuben, as be saAV tho dog leap upon Ishinael, Avith his mouth towards tho youth's throat; "we'll soon see about it UOAV." But bis triumph was short lived. Ishmael, tall and large boned, posses- sed great strength, and although lack- ing tho poAvers of endurance which he Avould possess in later years, he Avas for a brief time far more than a match for an ordinary man. Un- mindful of the sharpness of tho dog's teeth, be caught him by the throat Avith his right hand, and by tho back part of bis body with his left; then lift- ing him high in the air be clashed bim to the ground Avith a terrible force. The clog gave a great yelp of pain as he fell, then picking himself up as soon as he Avas able, crept aAvay Avitb a pitiful Avhine. "You shall suffer for this, you shall!" cried Ishmael to Reuben, clenching bis bleeding hand. He Avas going to say something more, but checked himself; then turning on bis heel, he made bis Ava y back towards Carloggas. "My turn'll come some time," he mut-" tered; "it'll come. I doan't see IIOAV, yet, but it'll surely come. I'm glad I didn't say nothin', though." All through the night he lay awake planning, vowing vengeance, and then planning again, until the morning sun shone in upon his scanty bed. Nick Liddicoat lay snoring at his side, but he did not heed. Although everyone in the house was asleep he got up, and made his way towards thc sea, and, arrived there, he divested him- self of his clothes and plunged into six fathoms of water. He had learnt tho accomplishment of swimming that summer, partly because he enjoyed it, but more because he thought it might be useful to him some day. And somehow tho wholesomeness of the great sea made his mind more healthy, for as he walked back to Carloggas after his bath, he brooded less, and watched the pearly dewdrops as they hung on corn and grass, wondering at their brightness as they glistened in tho sun. As for Reuben, he crept back to the house with a weight on his heart. To him this was more than an ordinary episode. The previous winter two navvies had come to Penwithen and stolen some chickens, but this he had thought but little about. They were ordinary roughs; but this youth-there' Avas a wild, evil look upon his face that he did not like. The felloAV seemed to carry a lot of dark secrets around Avith him. He had tho lamp lit and placed upon the table, and the blinds carefully draAvn, so as to hide everything from the outside, and then, not satisfied, he closed the shutters. This done, he locked the door and sat doAvn in his arm- chair, and remained for a long time AV i th his chin resting on his chest and bis eyes closed. "No, no," . he said at length, "it can't be anything to do Avith that.. It's only I Avho am afraid. I'm al- ways troubling about it, alAvays Avor ryiiig myself Avithout reason. And yet that felloAV makes me think of her. "Nineteen years, nineteen, years and never a word, never a word to tell me if slie lives. Ay, arid it's been nineteen years of suspense and fear. After all, I was happier at Carloggas in the old days. I believe I loved her, too, in a different way from Amelia, but I loved her in a fearsome kind of way. Aud she loved nie at one time. She would lnwe given ber life for mc and I deceived ber-robbed her. The game wasn't worth the candle, after all. And yet I don't know. I do love the old place, I love the money it brings, and I'm proud of my position." Then he sal. a long lime lmtionless; so still .was he that one might, have supposed Iiiin dead, But he aroused again presently, anti went on mutter- ing to himself. "I'm a fool to bother so. Every- thing is safe, as safe as safe can be. Judith must bo dead long ere this. I shall never seo her again, and I have tho will." He started from the chair, and look- ed towards the safe. "Why am I always wanting to see it, always wanting to read it?" he muttered. "I bate the sight of it, and yet it fascinates mo. I often dream that I see old Michael writing it, and holding up his bead between the words forbidding me to claim tho land. It is a wonder how the thought sticks to me through tho years, and haunts me like a nightmare. I wish I'd never soon it; but there, I must go and have one more look at it." He walked across the room, and then stopped suddenly. "I've forgotten all about that fel- low," he muttered. "I came in here vowing vengeance on him, and I've scarcely given him a thought. Every- thing seems to centre on this-this!" He unlocked.the safe, and then look- ed anxiously around the room. "I believe I'd confess everything but for them," he went on. "I wouldn't mind for myself. Better to be poor if by being poor I could bc rid of this feeling. 1 could go away, and newer be heard of again. But I cannot leave them poor. Poor Bertie is near- ly a cripple, while Grace-no, I'll hold fast-but there, what a fool I am!" He opened the door of the safe, and looked keenly at each compartment. Then he took a book from it, which was fastened and locked. This he unlocked, and looked carefully at its contents. Then he turned to the. thick cover, and quickly found a pocket or compartment, evidently contrived for important documents. From this he extracted a piece of parchment. "I couldn't keep it in the cashbox," he said; "I might have to run to it hur- riedly, and leave it carelessly some time; and yet I don't like to keep it here." He spread it out on the table. "The last will and testament of Mi- chael Penrose." Then he unfolded it, and for the thousandth time read its contents. "I shall never feel safe until I see it burnt with my own eyes," be said; i "and then I should be constantly fear- ing it would be resurrected in some way." "But I will burn it," he continued, after a while. "It makes my life a hell; its existence warns me that my children may Jbe paupers. There, I'll do it." He lit a candle and took the will, holding it close to the steady flame, then be drew it back quickly. "What's that?" be cried. "Surely I beard a scratch at the 'window-pane, or else it was something at the safe!" He stopped and listened for a min- ute or more, but all Avas silent-as si- lent as death. "Ah, it's only my foolish fears after all-only my foolish fears." He held the parchment against the flame again, and again he dreAV it back. He beard a loud ticking, louder than the sound of a Avatch, very near to him. "Tick, tick, tick, tick, tick." At first it seemed on the library-table, then on the mantelpiece, then on the safe. His band trembled so that he could scarcely hold the will, while the per- spiration stood thick on his forehead. "Tick, tick, tick, tick," be heard, on and on the sound Avent, then suddenly ceased. He Aviped bis forehead, and looked fearfully around the room. The lamp burnt clearly, the shutters Avere closed, nothing Avas to be seen. "It's the death watch!" he cried at length. "Nay, I'm not so foolish as to be frightened by that. An insect signalling for its mate, that's all. It might scare a superstitious old Avoman, but Reuben PenAvithen knoAvs about these thins's." And yet the sound had wrought up- on his excited nerves, for there wus a strain of superstition in his nature. Old Leah had told him stories long years ago-stories of omens, and to- kens, and death's-head moths; tales of ghosts and apparitions, and to-night he did not feel like laughing at them. Still, he held old Michael's will to the caudle flame once more, and once more he stopped. The lines of some doggrel which Leah had taught him as a boy came back to his mind with great vividness. . He had believed in them in the old days, but of late years he had discarded all such things as foolishness. After all, Leah was an old woman, who as a child had been nurtured on stories of ghosts and gob- lins, and he had ceased to pay heed to Avhat she said. Still he could not help repeating the doggrel to himself: "Strike a dead man's face, My a dead man you'll bu haunted; Steal a. dead man's rintr. And by dead men you'll be daunted; OrnxH ;i dead man'« will, YUH eau .scarce do \voi\;e; i Kum a. dead man's v/rillnji, ' And you'll get that dead man's curso," Ho threw the will ou the floor as though it were a serpent, and then, as if angry with himself, picked it up again. " "Oh, I am a weak, poor fool!" he cried; "and after nineteen years, too. For 'tis nineteen years since I stole this will from Judith, and I've never had a happy day since. Again and again I've tried to destroy it, and I've always failed. But I will do it. It's the only link of tho past. lt's the only possible way by which the truth can be known." "With a trembling band he lifted the parchment to the candle llame again, but be could not keep it there. The lines old Leah had taught him were ringing in bis ears, and every word seemed to make bim feel old Michael's presence: "Cross a dead man's will. You can scarce do worse; Burn a dead man's writing, And you'll get that dead man's curse." He knew it meant nothing. Ile knew there were scores of similar verses repeated up and down the country, and that they were as mean- ingless as empty air. Nevertheless, he could not carry bis purpose into effect. Ho placed the will back in the receptacle which bad been cun- ningly contrived in tho thick cover of the book; this he placed back in the safe, which ho carefully locked. "At any rate, it will "be all right there until I can think of a better hiding place," bo muttered; then, with a heavy sigh, be went to bis bedroom, stopping two or three times on bis way, and looking round Avith fearful glances. The next morning he was up in good time, and shortly after breakfast he ordered Iiis horse to be saddled, which he immediately mounted and rode towards Carloggas. "Well, John," he said, as he saAV his brother-in-law come out of his new barn, "Carloggas looks different from what it did in the old days." "It had need, too, Reuben," replied Bassett. "Your corn looks well. You make it do, don't you?" "Since you let me have those four . good dairy fields, I can make it do, and pay my rent. You know that." "But I let you have it cheap, and this new barn means a year's rent knocked off." ? "O, I don't complain. You are very kind to me." "I remember Amelia," he said, with a sigh. "There is a talk of your marryin' again," said Bassett, uneasily. "Miss Trcclinnick, of Endellion." "Then the talk is lies," said Reuben. "I shall never marry again." He looked gloomy as he made this re- ply. Then, as if anxious to change the subject, he said: "You'll be wanting more hands now the harvest is coming on, won't you?" "That I shall," replied the farmer; "especially since the great black-eyed chap you sent over here last November is gone." "Is he gone?" asked Reuben, eagerly. "Where?" "Gone to Tintagel." "Why did you send bim away? Didn't he behave himself? What did he do wrong, eh?" "I didn't send 'un away; he went of his own free will. I'd no fault to lind wi' un. He served nie well-did a man's work for a boy's wage. I of- fered 'un more to stay, but he wouldn't" Reuben was disappointed. He hoped that be bad done something wrong, and had been discharged. 'Twould ?have been an easy matter then to have got lum out of the neighborhood. "Where is be gone?" be said at length; "that is, to whose place." "TO- Tommy Trethewy's. He's going to learn carpenterin' and buildin'." Reuben stayed at Carloggas a very little while longer after this, but gal- loped his horse up the lane which led to the sea. In a few minutes he reached the summit of the hill, and was soon in sight of the great Atlan- tic. He dismounted and ' sat down on the grass, while a discontented look rested on bis face. "I can do nothing through John," lie said to himself, "nothing at all. Can anything be done with Tommy Tretbewy? He depends on me for a good deal of work, and would not like to offend me. But what can I say if I go to him, and Avby should I say anything?" He looked out on thc wide sea, and its immensity gave him a sense of freedom and strength; be turned and looked on; the broad acres around him, most of which were supposed to be bis, and these gave bim a sense of security and comfort. (To be continued.) Tests recently made in Japan of tho hauling powers of American and Eng- lish locomotives at the Tokaido Rail- way resulted decidedly in favor of American engines, and preference will bc given to them in future. 