IN A. TIGHT PLACE. (Written for the Champion.) Max Krichnee was a cabinet-maker by trade. There was 110 piece of furni ture he could not fashion out of a few pine boards and a piece of scantling. But in the building of a coffin he had no equal. He made this casket for the reception of human remains so perfect in contour, so divinely classical in gen eral breadth of treatment, so beautifully harmonious in every ornamental detail, that he sometimes wept to think his workmanship could not gladden the eyes of its occupant. It pained him to feel that only for a few brief hours his creation should remain upon this earth to be admired by those privileged to gaze upon its beauty and then forever be consigned to the silent grave and the unappreciated contemplation of the cal lous worm. It was almost with a pang of envy he watched the artistic creation of his genius pass away to become the unattainable property of the tenant for whom it was devised. In the little sleeping room adjoining the workshop where he wrought all day there was a bedstead cunningly constructed by him self, which in shape somewhat resembled the mortuary receptacles he designed for the firm who employed him. Lying on this couch he was inspired to fresh flights of genius, and in the smoke wreaths ascending from his long German pipe he saw visions of Max being wel comed some day by a heaven full of departed spirits, thanking him for the skill and labor he had expended in the direction of making them comfortable on their last journey. It happened one day—it was Satur day and the anniversary of Max's birth day—that three drovers, who had been delivering stock at one of the railway townships in Western Queensland, were at the height of a protracted razzle dazzle. Their camp was on the creek about a mile out of the town, and thither they repaired every evening, reaching the tent by some exercise of instinct which led them, although blindly intoxicated, in the right direc tion. In the morning, they started off once more for the town to recover from the effects of the previous night's pota tions, by the usual and simple process of taking half-a-dozen nips before sitting down to breakfast. On this Saturday morning Jim the Cook and Long Mike rolled out as usual a few hoars after sunrise and walked over to the place by a burntlog, wheretheir mate, " Smarty," as he was usually called, chose to rest in preference to sharing with his com panions the accommodation afforded by the tent. Smarty was not there and the other two sauntered gloomily into the town in search of him. Having allayed their feverish symp toms by the usual preventative, they made inquiries at the bar of the Golden Fleece, but Smarty had not been there that morning, and so at every public house the same news was received. It then occurred to them that their mate might have wandered into the bush, and providing themselves with two bottles of whiskey they hurried back to I the terf, and leaving one bottle there started oui to look for their missing comrade. •. It was now noon, and the drovers under the blazing sun' of midsummer hunted in vain for their mate. Sow far they went they never knew. Fortunately it was not very far away from the creek, where water was plentiful in numerous small holes filled by a recent thunder storm . It must have been nearly four o'clock in the afternoon before they again returned with sad hearts and the bottle of spirits drained to the dregs. In the meantime Smarty had been having a good time of it, sleeping it out in a new camp he had stumbled upon the previous night while hunting about for his ordinary couch. He was a ter ribly somnolent fellow for a drover, al ugh when sober and on the road he never known to fall asleep on watch, en off duty, however, he had the ty of being able to sleep for twenty ours at a stretch if he laid him self out%o it. On this morning he slept in h'fe new bed until after noon, and then slouched over to the tent to find, as he expected, his mates had gone to the town. He also found what he did not cxpect—-a bottle filled with whisky, of which he immediately swal lowed a huge draught. Then remember ing that Jim and Mike must have had a fair start of him that day he applied himself with vigor to make op for lost time. Iu a half-an-hour lie had drained the bottle aud started out to find Lis camp of the night before that he might finish bis carouse in slumber. He had not proceeded far before he fell in his tracks and lay motionless upon the ground. " Good heavens, Jim, here's poor old Smarty right by the camp," cried Mike, as he almost stumbled upon the pro strate form of the missing man. " Yes, and it seems to me he's peg ged outright enough," said Jim, with a slight lurch, as he knelt down by the body. They were both of them already in the condition produced by the morning stimulants in conjunction with the after noon's absorption of bar whiskey, yet the poor fellows had tears in their eyes as they gazed upon the inanimate form lying on the ground between them. Having paid this tribute to the memory of their friend the next thought was the course to be pursued under tlie unfortunate circumstances. They then covered the body reverently with a blue blanket and went to seek consolation from the source always open to the bush man whose cheque is not altogether blued. * # # # Max has finished his day's work, has drunk a glass with his boss, and is en joying " his birthday " in a fashion peculiar to the time and place. " I'm half-a-century old to-day," be says, " and I'll pet dere is not a trades man in Blackaradine dots a batch on me—I say a plooming batch on me in making a ligkiste, vot dey call a goffin, as krictly, nor as arkistically, nor as fashionably, if you comc to dot, as old Max, and everybody knows it." Old Max is conscious at this moment of a beckoning finger from a man stand ing in the shadow of the doorway. Obedient to the signal he steps across the bar and out in the quiet street. Another man is there and they speak earnestly to the coffin-maker. What- j ever the matter discussed Max has apparently consented to do something, for he says : " You can depend upon me dough it is my birtday you know, but for a job like dis——" " Well, here's a fiver and another one to-morrow if you turn it out real high class, you know, money no object." "I see, black velvet, gilted blates, vite satin linings, yet trimmings, eh ? " " That's about it. We'll bring poor old Smarty down and you can fix him up, ready for the final ceremony to morrow. Come on, Jim, don't be downhearted." And the three men went up to the bar, and afterwards to the workshop, where Max was soon at his favorite occupation. The men looked on in serious but obviously muddled contem plation, now and again stealing outside to visit the source of consolation and returning to diffuse a soft spirituous flavor to an atmosphere already redolent of cedar chips, as the work progressed. It was after ten o'clock when the men returned for the last time, heavily laden with a burden carefully wrapped in a blue blanket. This they deposited in a far corner of the shed on a soft bed of sawdust that had accumulated there. How many more glasses of spirits were consumed from this time until after mid night, and the last publican closed his doors and put out the lights, Jim and Mike never knew. They had certainly brought in an occasional draught of their favorite beverage to the deft workman as he plied unceasingly at his task, and Max's employer, who was not averse to being treated at the expense of liberal bushmen, joined them on many of the occasions when they breasted the bar of the Shearers' Rest. " You leave Max alone, now," he remarked when the work had progressed to the upholstering stage. " The old chap likes to be alone when he's putting the finishing touches to his work. I'll give him a hand to place the remains of your valued friend in the handsome re ceptacle provided by your generosity, and to-morrow morning I will obtain the nec<®sary documents required as a pass port to o::r new cemetery." Jim the Ouch would not hear of leaving Max without ojaifthing to sus tain him during his work, and to refresh him at its conclusion. This done he went out with Mike, and the coffin maker was left alone. He knew neither fatigue nor depres sion while he was at work. The time passed so rapidly that it seemed only an hour or two he had toiled, when his labor was completed. It was a magnifi cent coffin he had made, and as it re posed majestically on the trestles where it was fashioned the workman looked upon it as proudly as ever shipwright gazed on the stately vessel he had de signed, awaiting the signal to be launched upon her ocean home. He sat down upon a bench hard by and lighting his pipe gazed with reverential admiration upon his finished work. Then the de sire came over him to enjoy, if but for a few minutes, the luxury of repose in the satin-lined casket, dainty and pure enough for a virgin's couch. He fin isbed his pipe, climbed into the coffin, and fell fast asleep. * # # # The lamp burned low as the under taker stumbled into the workshop. The dark shadows enveloped the place, bat through the gloom he noted the finished coffin on its trestles and it's tenant dimly outlined beneath the white shroud like covering. " Suppose the chaps—hie—have been here since I left them and saved me the job. Poor devil; be lies quiet enough. I'll screw the lid on, and fix him up for the final." With the deftness born of constant practice he lifted the lid and with a few turns of the screwdriver fixed it firmly in its place. He then blew oat the dying lamp and went home to bed, as the dawn was just breaking in the eastern sky. Then there happened a strange thing. From the heap of sawdust in the corner of the shop there arose, with a fearful yawn, a sbockheaded bushman, looking about him with strange and wondering eyes. He did not speak, but if his balf collected thoughts could find utterance it would have been in puzzled expostu lation. His last remembrance was of falling into a drunken stupor somewhere near bis camp, but here were no trees, or grass, or starlit sky. Bising to his feet he saw the faint daylight peeping in through an open doorway. Beyond it a small room, and an empty bed. De ciding not to pursne his investigation further he crept into the bed and draw ing the blanket over him soon relapsed into slumber. * # # # The funeral was to take place at nine o'clock, and at that hour Jim and Mike, painfully sober, with their bats orna mented with the orthodox emblems of woe, appearsd at the undertaker's pre mises. They were accompanied by quite a gathering of acquaintances, who had been marshalled by the chief mourners to form a respectable cortege. The buck board buggy, which did duty for ft hearse, was drawn up at the door, the melancholy quadruped fastened in the shafts looking the most mournful object in the assemblage. The coffin had just been reverentially hoisted upon the hearse, when an officer of police sought an interview with the undertaker to ascertain if he had ob tained the necessary medical certificate of cause of death, a document which was not forthcoming. " A citiffikite of death, as it you want," said Jim. "Why, didn't we see him lying there as dead as Caesar's ghost." " I don't care about Caesar's ghost or what you saw. You are not going to have a funeral until the doctor has examined the body. Why, the man might have been murdered for all I know." " What, murder poor old Smarty," cried Mike, beginning to get angry. " Why, he has been mates with us off and on for nine years and we've never had an angiy word, barring a bit of a rough and tumble now and again, when the drink was in." I " That may be so," replied the con I stable, " but you'll have to postpone the funeral for a little while, and in the meantime the corpse travels with us to the hospital morgue." So saying, the officer beckoned to a subordinate, who leading the forlorn looking horse proceeded to the place indicated by his superior officer. Then the trouble began, for Jim con ceived it to be his duty to expostulate fiercely, and Mike, dashing his crape decorated hat on the ground, seized hold of the coffin and attempted to drag it from the hearse. A struggle ensued. The senior-constable had his uniform torn, his nose was bleeding, while Mike received a blow between the eyes from the corner of the coffin. This, in the melee, fell with a terrific crash on the ground, making noise enough to awake the dead. But what is this dreadful sound which arises above the din of conflict and strikes the angry combatants mute. From the ruins of the shattered coffin is seen a confused mass of white satin and moleskin-clad legs struggling im potently, while the spectators hear a i voice in mingled rage and alarm, pour ing out prayers and protestntions with increasing volubility. Some of the men ros.h forward and tear the yielding tim bers apart, cad there is revealed not the corpse of the deiuirtJ^.bushman, but Max Krichner, angry, bewilderea,-irfflt^ never ceasing to bewail the destruction and desecration of his beautiful work. His story is soon told; but, where then is the real Simon pure and the corpse of the deceased drover ? It was certainly deposited in the workshop. Jim remembers this much, and he is corrobated by Max. The most extra ordinary surmises are mooted, but wbile the argument is at its height another yell is heard. Max has gone to his bed room for repairs. As he enters the doorway he sees the missing corpse on his bedstead looking at him with sor rowful eyes, and inquiring petulantly What the hades the row is about." It is Smarty, right enough, and as he jumps from the bed lie has so innocently an nexed and appears among the startled assemblage, thev rcceive him with a cheer, which acts as a safety valve for the pent-up emotions which have crowded in upon them during the rapid changes from tragedy to farce. " Dead, was he," remarked the senior constable ruefully, as he gazed upon his tattered uniform. " He must have been dead drunk." " Never mind, Sergeant," said Mike, joyfully, as he pressed into the con stable's hand a weighty recompense for the torn jacket. " The fact is we've all of us had a little too much. The man who made the coffin was about the worst off; but I think Jim and Smarfcy and the boss here will admit, that like Max we have all of us been in a devilish " tight place." J 