4/i;R' PA RG ITER, THE GHOST. \- ./ . Whea l first knot? Gwendoline Gilbert .. J very ncArly foil in Jv0 with her. - At ; that 'timo I blid a ponclwnt for hoelthy- ; ldo8ing;gitl8; j 'And, being yopng, I wi? an nlrdont ndmircr ol tho B'itith-blohdn.' ' Gwobdolino Gilbort wan Hygein hersolf j , Emran, lidy Hamilton, when 'sho vraB in the service - of .Doctor Grahnth, thn quark, could not h»To: looked tlio part , moro tnorongniy tnon nio wwouuunuo. -' - How- X ndored tliat girl ! At that timb, yon' know. Jlr Bnrno-.Ionos fmdn't ' idrentod tbo young Udy with thoi tonaly ' hair, tlio ; nngninly attitude; tho' green complexion and tho prchensilo toes ; sp , it'.wns qnito permissible to admire girl \- ' who lpokod liko tho goddesB of health. ,! '- Sho wns a pnrson'a dnughtor ; bIjo hodtft li ponny in tho world,, Bhr John ; Tomlinson wne tho mumbor for liotcliif . ' Highway,1 and had made pots of money , ,'by;tho', 'adulteration of tho poor man's ; Vi'boot-frl'.beg his pardon, I take that , baoft-Ll uican by , his improTomonts in the' 'art of prodncing malt liqnor of p \- snperior description. ; Ho camo. ho saw, .- ihe conquered ; of conrso ho did. They ' wore marrind, they StartoJ oh their ' honeymoon, and I went to Hcrao Bay \- for a fortoight in a hniif, and wroto i- my celebrated monograph on "Sour Grapes.".. . . , ' lady Tomlinson was nice, beautiful, and, as wo nil know, as good as gold. . Sho was by no - means inclined to en- conrsgo society philanderers ; and from \- what'thoso gentlemon called her ' stand off " way, and from a certain disinclina tion toward gossip and scandal and small talk, and prjrato theatricals and mosio hatis, she got tho repntation of being rather stupid. At any rate, in spite of her boanty and her husband's .. millions, Gwondolino wa3 nob nltogothcr \- social success. How, husbands, as we all know, aro brntal persons ; thoy haro a nasty trick of not mincing \- - - mattora with their wires, and of calling spado a spade. " Look hero, Lady Tomlinson," said Sir John— ho always callol her Ltdy Tomlinson—" yon don't shino in society ; you're not dancing woman, nor a talk- ing woman, nor n political woman, and you sln't littery. I wish to hcafen yon'd derolop some sort of indiridnality ' of your own, Lady Tomlioson." Lady Tomlinson retired instantly to bor boudoir and had a good cry. For threo wholo days did Lady Tomlinson brood and moditato, and then sho ecut for Mr Pargilor. tho painter. Mr Pargitcr hastened to present him self at Palatial Orescent, W. " Mr Pargitcr." said Lady Tomlinson, . " I want to paint — I want to paint in oils." "lib, certainly, Lidy Tomlinson!' said Mr Pargitcr ; and ho smiled, rolled his eyss, and nibbed -his hands and bowed. . Mr Pargitor was too mnoh of a gontleman oror to contradict a lady, besido bomg n popnlar art teacher, with > < a highly aristocratic connection. There fore, ho would haro s»id ' Oh, cer tainly ! ' if Lady Tomlinson hod wanted to learn to danco on tbo slaok wire. ".I. want yon-gire mo lessons, Mr Pargitor,". said L idy Tomlinson. ' I ' -mean to exhibit at tho Royal Academy,' 'said - Lady Tomlinson : "X mean to bo a distiugnishcd amateur, and I want yon to siiow mo how.iund giro mo losspns," / " Oh. certainly (" said Mr Pargitor. " X'ray nomo yonr own torms," said Lady Tomlinson ; "exponso is no objeot.bat X want tho whole.thing to be a ecorot from my. husband and my frionds. Can we begin to- morrow?". \- " Oil, certainly I" sai l Mr Pargitor, : oncomoro..-. ' ; Then Lady Tomlinson handed Mr Fargiier a chcqan for n substantial sum, and .rcqnestad him to attend at ten o'clock the next morning with what she esllod tho necessary outfit. Hoxt dny,„nt.ton precisely, a/four- wheeled cab containing Mr Pargitor, a Targei easel, several -canvases, numerous Jironn- papcr parcols, and a lay figure, i drow up .at'tbo 'Tomljnsons' house in Palatini -v Orescent. Mr Poraitor was shown' at onco into her 'ladyship's bon- doir How. Mr Pargitor," said Ijody i- v -Tomlinson, when sho had woloomod tho artist, i " I.shonld like yon to paint me -an idoal hood." Ho staro 1 at hor, and snggestcd that i the osnal way wob to bogin by drawing ' from what ho called " tho ronnd " in charcoal. ; " Yon won't refaso to oblige a lady," Bho said. " I'm Bnre I shall learn mnch moro easily by .scoing yon work. My idea, you know, was that ybn should paint and I- should look on — jnst at . first, yon know, till I get my hand in." . , , - Mr., Pargitor bogan to paint tie 'head "of what ho cailod a two guinea i- rustic. Mr- Pargiler was accustomed | . to dispnso of beads of this description to v VVuggios,1 tho frumo maker ond "pioture \- dealer, for forty-two shillings. It would \- bo lubeUed !' .Original. Oil Painting, by Pargitcr, £4 ts" -, j.-' " I want yon to-learo tho baokground f- till tho vary last," Baid Lady Tomlin- 5 . non l " Oh, cortamly i" replied tho artist. " I'-bolievo yon artists," said Lady : 'Tomliason, " often smoke while yon paint. Are yon a smoker, Mr Par gitor P ' . :: . ..'? I work (yncQ as woll when I smoke," \- said that - gontloman ; and, tlioro was a "knowing twinkle in his eyo as ho Said the words. ' ; " \- - Lady Tomlinson loft the room ; she returned with a box of Oabinot Portogos. " Tlioso aro what Sir John smokes," \- sho said; "pray mako yoursolf at homo, Mr Pargitor." . That gontloman took hor at lior word ; -ho worked away for four hours at his rustic head, and ho smoked no less than : soron oboico cigars. Thon ho rocoivod . ' permission to dopart ; and as ho walked . .home ho wondored considerably, for -Lady Tomlinson had boon engaged npon . a throe-rolumo novel from Mndio'o dar- lngtlio wholo ot tho— well, lesson. . . - « Howovor, it's nonoiof my bnsinow," thought . Mr Pargitor, Who was a phi- .losophor; "and besidori she makes it ' worth my whiio." . It took if r Pargitor four " sittings " : to Goish that rustio head.. When it was qmtodonolis remarked- tc Lady Toui- / llnson that there was nothing morn 10 d<> . -than tot mndgo in a background of burnt- sienna. "That's whoro I como in," said Lady Tomlinson. " If you'll do tho odgo of r . the baokground in ail ' tho iittio iu-and- . 'Ont placcs ronnd the boad I'li finish it." y-i jlnoy cartiod out that simplo 'pro- grsmmo. j, ."Ifow, thoro's nothing loft but losigu ' If. 1 enpposs, ' cold herTsdysbip. Extofy so,"eaii MtPargUe;. And lie iookta littlo eqiioexo of ivory1 blEckon iln-'pioint of a Bmali binshand wasabout u> iiUix the-'inngic name of Pargitor. 1 ." '' Let' mo try,!' said her ladyship. _ Slio took thobrusb from Mr Pargitor s hand, and in, groat sprawling lotters. sho winto. in .the right-hand corner of tho. picture; -" Gwcn. Tomlinson." " Madnni," said Mr Pargitor, with a low bow, whon-she had finished, " you re a f -on ins." , ' - ' Ana thon she placed in onvolopo in the artist's hand. "I can trust you,. Mr Pargitcr?' shn said, in those soft purring tones, of hers. . - Jlr Pargitcr laid his hand upon his heart, govo Lady Tomlinson what looked very liko a wink, and assured hor. in solemn tones, that eho could. Two days afterward Lady Tomlinson was " At Homo." I was thora ; I am an art critic by profession, yon know;. On n green plush ensol, draped by a heavy curtain of greon:. plnsb, stood -tho rustic head in an oighl-inah gilt - frame. I d-in't know what tho head was worth, bnt the frame was cboap at a five-pound notn. "What do yen think of it," Mr. .Scorcher, bleated that innocent Iamb, Litdy Tomlioson, ' to. mo. " l'..o just got it homo from my frame-maker's, and it's tho first of my efforts that I'vo had tbo hardihood to show to my friends." I compared it to Gronv.e. 'I said it romin 'od mo of Madomo Vigeo lo firnn, and various ether artists; Next spring thoy hung it at Burlington House; tboy hnng that two-guinea Pargiter, nnd wo all went into ecstasies at ' the private viow. lint tho measure of Lady Tomliason'b in'qaity was not -yet full. Sho pulled down tho wall papers from hor boudoir, and she decorated thn walla of that apartment with sn extraordinary compo sition of trass, flowers, snnscts, wheat- shsaves, and good-looking children and girls, nndcr tho snporintendenen of tho villain Pargitor. Oajf London went to seo it. Sir John Tomlinson is jostly proud or his wifo. She is an artistic light now. She has only to tako a young artist by tho hand and his fortnno's made. " I'm very fond of Lady Tomlinson," said .Mr Pargitcr to mo the other day ; " she throws a good deal of work in my way." 