A THEATRICAL FOOTBALL MATCH. A MELBOUNE FETE. The famous spectre, the theatrical ghost, took ajK unwonted airing on the East Mel bourne^Dricket Ground yesterday (says the Melbourne Argus of July 19). As a rule theEe constitutional walks are confined strictly to Monday, and even then there are occasions on which the shadowy presence, emulating the example of little Josephine and Geordieof that ilk, is unable to materialise mere than is sufficient to make a very im palpable and misty appearance indeed. But yebSerday the announcement of a eostuino football match and fete ia aid of the Austra lian Dramatic and Musical Association pro duced a moat undoubted and satisfactory materialisation. The teas on this occasion took the form of a crowd — such a crowd as within our memory has never before been seen, except on a holiday, on the East Melbourne ground, where, even when tbe public enclo sures are filled, there ia always ample room in tbe members' reserve. Yesterday there was none, and this, too, in spite of a biointjly cold afternoon, a sodden ground, and frequent showers. The fete commenced with a frantic struggle around tbe pigeonhole where tickets were sold. Here 6ome hundreds ot men and women fought and pushed and screamed in the vain effort to all get first to tbe ticket-box — an attempt which previous rehearsals in the trams and the cabs on the way down should have convinced them was utterly futile. Then came the rush into aa already overcrowded ground, and the discovery that for anybody under 7 ft. in height it was folly to waste time in trying to see anything. Later on people devoted their whole energies to finding spots whtre it was possible to breathe. Now was the moment for those who were accompanied by a confiding party of ladies, or who relied oa their theatrical connection, to show themselves masters of the circumstances. One fortunat i gentleman secured a flimsy dressing-table, on which he Btraight.way proceeded to pack some five or sis ladies. Then followed a series of femi nine shrieks, an ominous cracking and splin tering of wood, and two minutes of chaos. Others begged, borrowed, or stole boxes to stand on, and many still more heroic devoted the entire afternoon to manfully preserving the balance of lady visitors, who had perched themselves on the narrow backs of the seats. In the refreshment tents the throng was so great as almost to paralyse business, and those who thirsted for a cup of tea, at the hands of Miss Nellie Stewart or her companions, Miss Florence Young and Miss Ida Osborne, found themselves packed like eo many human ear dines, unable to move in any direction, aud with no consolation beyond a distant tinkling of teacups and the fitful strains of Mr. Walter Barker's harp. There was a little rain before the lootball match, but not more than was necessary to make the ground nice and slippery, and the opposing twenties, as they swarmed into the oval and stretched their muscles with a little preliminary practice, looked relieved to find that the falling was comfortably soft. It was whispered' that the frame was likely to be fast and furious, Mr. Howard Vernon, bo the rumor ran, had backed himself against Mr. Eddie Simpson to break the record and give 10 goals in, and it was an open secret that M. Leon Caron had been cautioned that at the first attempt at rough play be would ba carpeted bafore the association. The appearance of a gentle man clad in a complete suit of plate armor, and fortified with spikes on his elbows and knees, added color to these alarming sugges tions, and it was a relief to everybody that he did not attempt to enter the ranks of the players. To the public mind the adoption by Mr. T. Perman of the garb of an undertaker bore an ominous significance, and it was with a sense of anxious foreboding that the public watched the game begin. From the very outset a change came o'er the spirit of the Bcene. The ladies, in fact, carried all before them. Did Obadiah Dingle and the Charity Boy force the ball into a good position, straightway Ma Mie RoBette and Ophelia would bear down upon them. Then would come a sudden collision, a wild melee of padded limbs, and in a moment 30 in. of striped stocking would shoot from beneath a variegated skirt, and the ball would fly over a good 2 ft. 10 in. of ground and out of danger. In vain did the Dandy Colored Goon speed along' tbe wing ; in vain was he backed up by Jack Tar and the Man who Broke the Bank at Monte Carlo ; in vain did Ally Sloper try to retrieve the for tunes of the day by smiting the treacherous ball with the handle of his umbrella. Dojarn like an avalanche came Aunt Eliza and LiJAe. Bed Riding Hood, and the tide of invo&ah; vm rolled far, fiw bash One© only did tt* cause of womanhood tremble in the balance. Ttio ball lay close in front of the feminine goal. Ten only of the other side had kicked at it and missed, and there was at least a possibility that one of the remaining 10 might do the trick. But in the very niek of time a blue cloud swooped down upon the epot and discharged a lightainp iia,»h of white hosiery. Then came the thunder shock ; the earth was torn up for several yarde, and when ijue mud shower ceased the spot was clear of players. Mdlle. Bartho had kicked for the honor of her sex, and bad shifted the entire immediate vicinity with tbe exception of the ball. In such gentle pastimes did the afternoon pass away. Taere were, in addition, a ladies' bicycle race, in whiob. the liiatsigcawiiili had very unwisely placed all tho competitors at ' scratch,' a harlequin pony race, a donkey race, a sack race, aa animal bioyelo race, a consolation race, and euch sideshows a3 acrobatic displays, performing dogs, baby showe, and the phonograph. That in spice of the abnormal nature of the attendance matters passed off eo admirably is due to the abilities of the joint secretaries, Messrs. Phil Greenwood and Thos. Kenoedy, assisted by a strong committee. Aud everyone will be glad to know thas the funds of a most deserving charity will benefit to an extent altogether beyond the average of benefit performances. The result of the whole trouble was that the costume football rnateh ended in a draw, the women scoring 1 disallowed goal and 4 behinds to the other side's nil. With characteristic audacity, however, the ladies appropriated the prize cake. In tbe Ladies' Bicycle .Race Miss Engler came in first, but a protest, on the ground that she had g^ne within two flags, was sustained, and the rac9 was awarded to Miss Hehir, with Miss Bertha Bergin second. The Swell and the Clot7n were the first two in the Harlequin Pony Race, and Clown and Lion were first and second in the Donkey Race. The Sack Race fell to Mr. Staunis Leslie, with Mr. J. Farrell second ; and Monkey and Lion filled the places in tbe Animal Bicycle Race. As the result of the fete, it is expected that over £1,000 will accrue to the benefit fund. 