AT MIARKET VALUE, BY GRANT ALLEN, Author of "This Mortal Coil," "Blood Royal," "The Scallywag." , Chambere's Journal." CHAPTER IV-FnaTnnsmAL AMENITIES. The season was waning towards its lattes end; Mrs Hesslegrave and Kathleen were on the eve of flight for their regular round o: autumn visits in the country, before returning to their winter quarters in Venice. These autumn visits were half friendly, half pro fessional..It was one of the griefs of Mrs Hesslegrave's life, indeed, that Kathleen'svoca tion as an artist compelled her to do and to suffer many things which in her mother's eye were undignified, and almost unlady- like Foremostamongst them was the necessity, when visiting in the country, for carrying her port ifolio of sketches along with her ; for Kathleen' success was merely a private and local one; she depended largely for selling her pictures upon the friendly appreciation of her own acluaiutances. It is true, being a timid and retiring girl, she never thrus her work incontinently upon her host on the contrary, she was nervously shy abou anytling that looked like self-advertisement o pushing. Still, the fact remained that unles she went a round of country visits in the autumn, she wouldnever have sold most of he pictures at all; and this fact, which gave Kath leen herself no small shnnkrings of natura delicacy, covered Mrs Hesslegrave in a ver different way with shame and humiliation. For to Mrs Hesslegrave, it was a painful and disgracefulthing that people should know he daughter had to work forher living at all; it onto young days, she was wont to say severely young ladies used to paint for their own amusement, not for filthy lucre: and when ever she said it, with a disapproving toss of the dainty coffee - colored Honiton head-dress Kathleen had somehow an unpleasant feeling it the backgroundof herheart that it was reall very wrong of her to be so badly off, and tha if only she had inherited the feelings ant manners of a perfect lady, she would have managed to be born with five thousand a year and nothing to do for it. Though, to be sure if she hadn't so managed,' after all, it might with some show of reason be urged in extenua tion that the fault lay rather at the door of that impeccable Mrs Hesalegrave herself, and the late lamented General of Artillery, her husband who had been jointly responsible for bringing Kathleen into tho world with no better en dowment than just a pair of pretty white hands, and an artistic faculty for deftly employing them in the production of beautiful and pleasing images. On this particular evening, however, Kath leean was tired with packing ; her head ached slightly; audshe was anxious to be kept as un disturbed as possible. Therefore, of course, her brother Reginald had chosen it as the aptest moment to drop in towardsthe dinner hour for a farewell visit to his mother and sister. Regi nald was twenty, with a faint black line on his upper lip-which he called a moustache-and he was a child entirely after Mrs Hesslegrave's own heart; in hismother's eyes, indeed, a con summategentleman. To be sure thelpoor boy had themisfortune to be engaged in an office in the City-a most painful position; Mrs Hessleo grave's narrow means had never allowed ier to send him to Sandhurstor Woolwich and get him a commission in the army-but that the fond mother regarded as poor Reggie's ill luck; and ?eggie himself endeavored to make up for it by copying to the best of his ability the tone and manner of military circles, as far as was compatible with the strict routine of a stockbroker's office. If collars and cuffs and the latest thing out in octagon ties constitute the real criterion of the gentle life (as is the " na've" belief of so large a fraction of the city), then was Reginald Hesslegrav indeed a gentleman. What though he subsisted in great part on poor Kathleen's earnings, and pocketed her hard won cash to supplement his own narrow salary, with scarcely so much as ath?sk. you-one doesn't like to seem beholden to a woman in these matters, you know-yet was the out of his coats a marvel to Adam's Court, and the pattern of his sleeve links a thing to be observed by the stipendiary youth of Thread needle Street and Lothbury. Reginald flung himself down in the big easy chair by the bow window with the air of a man who drops in for a moment to counsel, advise, assist, and overlook his womenkind- in short with all the dignity of the head of the family. HeI was annoyed that " his people" were leaving town ; leave they must, sooner or later, of course; if they didn't, how could Kath. Icon ever dispose of those precious daubs of hershc-for, though Reginald pocketed poor Kathleen's sovereigns with the utmost calm of a great spirit he always affected profoundly to despise the dubious art that produced them. Still, the actual moment of his people's going was always a disagreeable one to Ieginald Hesslegrave. As long as his mother and Kitty stopped on in town, he had some where respectable to spend his evenings;, if he wished to; somewhere presentable to which he could bring other fellows at no expense to himself and, THAT, don't you know, is always a consideration ! A soon as they ware gone, there was nothing for ti but the club ; and at the club, that sordid place, they make a man pay himself for whatever he con. sumes,. and whatever he offers in solid or liquid hospitality to other fellows. So no matter how late mother and Kitty stayed in town, it made Regaie cross all the same, when the day came or their departure, "How badly you do up your back hair, Kitty !" Reggio observed with a sweet smile of provocation, after a few other critical remarks upon his sister's appearance. " You put no style intoit. You ought just to look at Mrs AIgy Itedburn's hair! There's art if you like. Ste does it in a bun. She knows how to dress it it's a model for a Duchess.." "Mrs Algy Redburn keeps a maid. no doubt," his sister answered, leaning back in her chair a little wearily, for shewas worn out with packing. " So the credit of her bun, bec longs, of course to the maid who dresses it." " She keeps a maid !" Reggio went on with his hands on his haunches in an argumentative attitude. "Why, certainly she keepo a maid. Whet alse would you expect ? Every lady keeps a maid, It'sa eimple onecessity. Aud You ought to keep a maid,-too. No woman can be dressed as a lady should dress, if she doesn't keep a maid. The thing's impossible," And lie snappsed his mouth to like a patent rat.trap." " Thou I hmust be content to dress otherwise than as a lady should," Kathleoon responded quietly ; "for. I can't afford a maid-and to tell you the truth, Rleggle, I really don't know 'thtt Y should cars to have one." " Can't afford !" Reggio repelled with a derisive accent of profound scorn. " That's what you always say. I bate to hear you say it. Te phlraseo is unlady.like. If you can't afford anlythlng you ought to de able to afford it. Hlow do I afford things? I dress like a gentlemanl. Yoll u never see an illtailoredl orill. groomed, or doing without anythinga gentle man ought to have. Itow do Jelfford it I" Kathlien had it on the tip of her tongue to give back the piain and true retort, " Why, by making your sister earn the money to keep you; hut native kindliness and womanly feeling restrained her from saying so. So sh only replied:" I'm sure I don't know, my dear; I often wonder, for I can't afford it, and I earn more than you do." Reggie winced a little at that. It was mean of Kitty so to twit him with his poverty. She was always flinging his want of ready-money in his face-as though want of money (when yenou spend every penny that fate llowo you and a little more too) were a disgrace to any gentleman ! Butho continued none thelees in the same lordly strain: "You dress badly; that's the fast of it. No woman should opend less than three hundred a year on her own wardrobe. It can't be done for one shilling under that. She ovensrr to spend it." " Notif she hasn't got it," Kathleen answorer stoutly. " Whether she's got it or not," Reggie re sponded at once, with profound contempt for such unlady-like morality. "Look at Mrs Algy Bedburn ! How dose she do, I'd like to know ? Everybody's well aware Algy hasn't got a brass farthing to bless himself with, yet whs do you see dressed in the Park like hi wife? Such bonnts! Such coats! Such a hun ! Thore's a model for you i" " But Mrs Algy iedburn will some day be Lady Axminster," Kathleen answered with a sigh, not perceiving herself that that vague con tingeney had really nothing at all to do with the rights and wrongs of the queslion. " And I will not." (Whic was also to some extent an unwarrantable assumption.) Reggie flashed his csffs, and iegarded themn wlth just poride. "That's no matter." he sowed curtly. "Every lady rs a lady, and, should dress like a lady, no matter what's her income.. And she can't do that under three hundred a year. You take my wrd for it." Kathleen was too tired to keep up the dis putse. So she answered nothing. But Reggie had come round to his sister's that night in the familiar masculine teasing humor. He wasn't going to be baulked of his aport so easily. 'Twas as good as rattug, at hall the coat, and almost equal to badger drawing. So he went on after a minute : "A man doesn't need so much. His wants are simpler. I think I can dress likea gentleman myself-on two hundred and fifty." "As your salary' eitghty," Kathleen niut in, resignedly, with one hand on her aching head, " I don't quite know myself, where the re mainder'sto come from." oeggioparried the question. " Oh, I'm care ful," he went on, "Ivery careful, you know, Kitty. I make it a rule never to WASlTE my money. I buy judiciously. Look at linen for example. Linen's a very important. item. I require a fresh shirt, of course, every morning. Even You will admit" (ho spokle with acerbity, as though Kathleen were a sort of acknowledged social Pariah).-" even w ou will admit that a supply of clean linen is a necessary adjunuct to a entleman'e appearance. Well, bowdoyouthink now I manage about my cuffs ? I'll toll you whatl do abouttbhem. There arefellows ltour place, if you'll believe it, who wear movable cuffs-cuffs, don't you know, that come on and off the same as a collar dose: nasty, separate shirt cuffs. I don't call such things gentle manly. Thefellows that wear them take them off when they come to the office, and slip them on again over their bands when they have to run across with a client to the House-that's what we call the StockExchanoge-or when they go outfor luncheon. Vell, I don't hlu sucri ways myself. I hlateand dteet all shams and subterfuges. I wouldn't wear cuff unless it was part andpareo l of my shirt. So I've in vented a dodge to keep them clean iron morn ing till evening. As soon as I go into the office, I just cut a piece of white foolscap the exact siz of my cuffs ; I double it back, so, over the edge of the sleeve: I pass it under again this way. Then, while I stop in the oa ce, I keep the cover on ; and it looks pretty much thesameas the linen. That prevents blacks and smuts from settling on the cuff, and seeps the wear and tear and so forth f ons hurting the material. But when I go out, I just slip the paper off, so -and there I ams, you see, with spotless linen, likea genitlemau " And he do monetrated triumphantly. " A most ingenious dodge i" Kathleen an swered with languid interest. "Yes, it's careful of me," Io gie went on "I'm naturally careful. Anud by such strict bitn of economy, I expect in the end-to keep down my expenditure on dress to two hundred and fifty." Kathleen smiled very faintly. "You don't think a fellow can do it on les,, do you ?"Rggio continued ounce more in an - argumentative spirit. "Yes I do," Kathleonreplied. "I certainly think so. And if he's aman and can't affordto spend so much, I think h should be ashamed of himself for talking such nonsense." " Well, but look here, you knowr" Reggie be?au. " what's a man to do You just think f it this way ! First, lie must have a dross suit, once a year of course; you'll admit TnhaT'S a necessity. Gloves and white ties-those he needs for ovening. Then a frock coat and waistcoat, with trousers to match ; and a blct cutaway lotfller afternoon tea: and twro nuise of dittos for country wear: and a tweed with hnirkerbockers for shooting and so forth : anda tennis coat, and boating flannels, and-" " Oh, don't, Regaie !" his sister cried, shrink ins away and clapping her hands to her achina head. " You comb my brain ! I's too tired to argue with ynou." "hhat's just it,"Reggie continued, delighted. " You live in wretched lodgings, with no proper feod-your cook's atrocius : and you work till you drop at your beastly'painting; and you tire yourself out with packing your ows boxes, instead of keeping a maid, who'd do it all like a shot for you; and what's the conse quence? Why, you're unfit for societyr ! Wheu a fellow comes round to pay you a visit after ahard day'e work, and expects a little re laxation and stimulating talk with the ladies of his family-he flndsyou worn out' a more boiled rag : while as to music or conversation, or some agreeable chat-oh, dear me, no! not the ghost of an idea of it." Kathleen's patience was exhausted. "M dear boy," she said, half angrily, "1 :iAvu to worktp keep myself alive, and you too, into the barraib.' And ifyou expect me to supply you with two hundred a year to spenld uponyour wardrobe, why, you must at least consent to give up the pleasure of music in the even ?nhat,.Reginald might haveo answered to this unexpected attack remains an unknown fact in the history of the ur.ivers ; for just at that minute the noeatcapped little waiting-maid of the Kensington lodgings opened the door with a flourish and announcod, " Mr sorti mer !" The young American entered with undis guised alacrity, and gazed delighteds around the room. " Mrs Hessloegrave is our, I hear," he began with meaning, as he took JKathleen's hand. Then he started a little in surprise as oReginald rose from thechair where he had been sitting, nseeen. "But your brother's here," he added in a disappointed alter-thought, whoso distinct tone of regret must needs have struck anybody less nelt-centred and self-satisfied than the stockbroker's amistant. " Yes, I dropped round to say good-bye to my people tonight," RBggie answered with a drawl, caressing that budding black line of his upper lip with all a hobbledehoy's attoction. "They're off on a round of visitr to the eountry juotnow. ard lines on me! I shalt"' "bslettall alone by myself in London." : 