WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27. 1884. THE ADDRESS IN REPLY. YESTERDAY the debate on the Address in Reply was closed in the Legislative Council, but in the Assembly it still drags its slow length along. In the | Upper House the maximum number of! possible* talkers is less than half that I | which the Atssenibly can contribute to a general discussion. The resultant economy of time suggests that it would not be a bad thing if the Lower House j were made numerically smaller than it is. Throughout the session there is an undue amount uf loquaoiiy, having the effect of, retarding public business If every speaker were original, if there were not; 6o much vain repetition, if as talking went ou issues became clearer in proportion to the duration of discussion, there would be no reason fur complaint. In such circumstanced we might indeed have lees legislation, and some important measures would wait a longer time, but the work would be better done. This would be more than sufficient compensa tion for a shrinkage in the mere volume of the statute - book. Unfortunately instead nl tbe country finding ?i&duin; in \ a multitude of counsellors, the adage j applicable to the situation is the more homely one that too many cooke spoil j the legislative broth. Sessions are pro tracted to an unconscionable length, and measures are nevertheless passed with so much imperfection due to haste that every year Parliament degene rates more and more into a tinker ing establishment. In the witty speech be dclivured yesterday Mr. Ash cynically remarked that the people were to be congratulated en the fact of Parlia merit having sat for nearly a month with out any mischief being done. The hon. gentleman invites us to bo thankful for small mercies. To abstain from doing evil is a negative merit not to be despised, but we should bo better.pleased if Parlia ment were unwearied in well doing. The remarks of 3lr. Ash on the absurdity of measuring the value of legislation by its quantity were entirely to the point, lie has discovered that, up to Uate, 1,438 Acts have boon passed by Parliament in this colony, and he eighs for the time when the rule will be "'One session, one Act." Mr. Ash apparently approves of long speeches aud few Bills, but we may observe that just as he gives examples of the former so he claims what, under his system, would be a disproportionate share in the latter. Multiply the number of his own legisla tive essays by the number of his col leagues, and the rate of legislation which he regards as so excessive would be im mensely accelerated. But perhaps we have to assume that Mr. Ash can hud the one Act for every session himself, in which case the simpler plan would be to abolish aii unnecessary representatives and proclaim the member for Albert benevolent despot of South Australia. The comparative brevity of the debate in the Council is attributable to the in ferior number of available speakers, but in quality the debate has been by no means inferior, i.or could it well have been wore exhaustive. Dullness is tradition ally ai3Ociated with the Upper Chamber, and its old repute as a sleepy hollou" still scares away all but the few occasional visitors to the strangers' gallery whoiw preternatural ouictness and grave de meanor were once explained on the hypo thesis that they were merely the ghosts of some departed jurymen. liut the Council of the present day is a very different body from that of the past, and does not deserve such neglect. The Kip Vun Winkles of politics are rapidly disappear ing from the scene, and their successors are bright, lirely, and intelligent repre sentatives of the spirit of the time. True, the Council cannot oiler the exciting attractions of a no-confidence debate, but nevertheless it has its p*rt:es, and they are all alive. Interest in the proceed ings of this Chamber should be accentuated by the relatively eharp definition of the party lines. The late elections, as the Chief Secretary mentioned yesterday, have largely strengthened the Liberal element in the Council, and reforms previously re jected are now likUy to bo paused ; bat the other Bide is still powerful and vigor ous enough to render a good deal of fighting necessary to accomplish that result. Mr. Gordon spoke in his usual pleasant, courtly, and persuasive tone. Nothing cook! have been neater than fats reference to the personal losses set ofl by the political gains of the change ejected in the Council. Generous to old members, at the same time he did not hesitate to point the moral of the elections as a victory for the Liberal interest, and on that account welcomed the alteration in the personnel of the Chamber. The speeches of the new members certainly justify Mr. Gordon's statement that they art] well able to maintain the debating standard of the House. He effectively answered the argument of Mr. Ward that the result of recent elections cannot properly be con strued aii a verdict from the constituencies in favor of the Ministerial policy. Taking a test question—that of taxation—the posi tion us tiiau whereas only two out of the nine members who retired supported the Ministerial scheme,ii ye of the nines-ho have been elected are distinctly for that sys tem. In their general tendency the views of the majority of the newly-elected mem bers are certainly more advanced than those of the wijority of the previous in cumbents of the seats. Thu reply of the Minister to criticisms on the appoint ment of Mr. Playford as Agent- Gcaeral aud the attendant circuiustaaeas was not convincing, but it is gratifying to bear from Mr. Gordon tiutt the Government did not neglect the duty of telegraphing a message of synijtichy with the lat« (sir John Bray in his affliction. Mr. White in the Assembly yesterday asked the House to place on formal record, by way of an amendment to the Address in Boply. an ex pression of iv dissatisfaction with the circumstances connected with the appointment ,of the present Agent-Goneral, and of a desire for his tus caU. Such a motion, from whatever quarter it may proceed, iv of course one of want of confidence. Were it carried the Government would have no course consistent with its diguity and self respect exoept that of resignation. But the tabling of the amendment created no nensa tion, as apparently Mr. White submitted it without fully realising the responsi bility he assumed, and assuredly without the concurrence of the leaders of the Opposition. lie was promptly called to account by Mr. Motile for having acted in dependently of his party, and it may be inferred that there is no serious intention of challenging the Government to mortal combat on this personal issue. Much as we regret the proceed ings in connection with Mr. Playford's appointment, ye do not regard ihein as giving adequate cause fur a change of administration. It would have been far better if Mr. Playford could have gone home without die discredit which attaches to him for his own share iv a painful business; but 110 doubt he will serve the colony well enough in the posi tion he was so eager to obtain. The blame resting on Ministers is that of too indulgent complicity with tin* designs of their aspiring colleague, regardless of the want of consideration for Sir John Bray which his hurried appointment etitai'ed. But the ailiiir in hardly of uufieieut importance to niuko it the foundation of a political crisis—the overthrow of a Government whose policy in generally approved, aud luecoufertutut of office on au unorganised Opposition, which possesses neither majority nor pro gramme. Mr. White will do well to with draw his amendment before the vote on the Address is taken. If he fails to do 60 he will einiply invite defeat. 