. A BRUTAL EXPEDIENT. A writer in the Adelride Standard gives tho following Coolgardio experience. Nothing could he more revolting than this cheerful writer's account of tho cruelties practisod on the blacks :— "As I have often told yon, the W. A. nigger is no beauty, neither is ho of much use, but he has one redeeming feature, he can find water in places that no white man Would ever dream of soorohing for it ; hut the fellows who hang around camps are not of much real service. Tho wild tribe in the back country are the useful animals, but it is no easy matter to get one of those savages topoint out a 'soak' to a whito fellow. Thoy will take all tho damper, tobacco, and tin ned camel you. care to give them, or that they can steal, and thoy will readily promise to find 'plenty gabbing.' ..As yon know 'gabbing' means water in their1 liquid lan guage, which ia about as sweet to listen to as their faces are to look upon. But after fooling you round tho hush, until thoy know by the gleam in your eye that you won't stand them any longer, they suddenly dis appear in the bush, ana it is not a healthy sort of amusement hunting for them when they onco get a fifty second start in that for est. The prospectors out back give them a day or two to find water ; if they do not find it then they tie the nigger to a tree and keep him there until he is as dry as tho insido of an oyster shell. Then they let him go and follow him. As a role- the coon makes a straight dire for the nearest water. They say thottho menrof their tribe will kill any savage who gives up the secret of theso pre cious waterholes. "Away beyond Idgery a couple of pros pectors, one of whom is a woll-known Ade laide hoy, got clean out of water, and they feared that they had looked their hut on the Oity of Churches, for they were too far out to hope to get back to any civilised camp before death put in hia claim. "As they lay dreaming at tho flush of dawn a footfall soft aa the caress of a snow- flake on a stream of Boot, broke tho death like stillness, a twig broke, and then a sable worrier and his gin glided into tho white man's camp, and silently as ghosts, began to loot it Hod tho whites been sleeping they would novor havo hoard tho stealthy maunders; tho diggers lay still andiwaited for a chanoo to spring. The chanco come, i and the Adolaide man wound his eras around the skinny logs of tho worrier. The gin gat away and tho 'buok' kicked and bit and fought, and got half strangled for his pains. "Then he was fed on dry damper and salt fish, and tied to a trco until morning. At daylight he got another ample feed — salt bacon this time— and he was asked how far it was from that spot to tho noarest water- hole. He could speak a mixture of tho English dialect, and this is what ho said :— Gindah, get up, white pellow walka-wal ka-walka, gindah tumblo down, white pel- low wnlka-walka-walka, -gindah, tumblo down white follow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour; gindah get up ; white fellow walka-walka-walka; gindah tumble down ; white pellow sit down, sleep, make 'm plenty plour; gindah get up; white pellow walka-walka-walka ; gindah tumbledown; white pellow get gabbing.' This being in- interpreted meant that the' nearest water was three days' travel from that spot. Tho whites would have to be on the move from sunrise to sunset. Gindah means tha sun ; when gindah tumbles down it is sundown ; whito follow sit down .means camp for the night. . , "The whites did not believe that tale, and they gave tho dorkie to understand nnmis- takoably that they doubted his veraoity, but he refused to budge an inch, and they soon saw that ho had realised that they were far more in need of water than ho was, and he made up his mind to ait the show out. "At midday they shifted him from tho hade of the tree and turood his face toward the sun and left him to think matters over, hound hand and foot to quickon hia mental faculties. At sunrise next morning he was as obstinate as formerly, and they wore holt crazy from thirst, but they dimly under stood his little game. His gin had gone oS for help to her tribe, and trouble was loom ing up for them. " Then they opened his mouth and stuffed it half-full of salt, and propped his teeth open with a stick. He .stood that for three mortal hours in the sun whilst thoy stood revolvers in hand, waiting in the ahodo watching for the tribe. At last the nigger came to the conclusion that he had better give in or be pickled, end he mur mured huskily through his baked lips, " Me find 'm gabby.' Then they tied hia hands behind his back, hobbled him with a rope so that he could walk but not run, covered him with their revolvers, and told him to proceed ; and he did, and at sun down they were quenching their thirst at a good soak, and tho black drank like a camel after thirty days abstinence." 