SOLDIERS' PRAYER-BOOK AND ALMANAC. He First Sergeant marched the soldiers to cburoh. When the parson had' read the prayer he took his text.Those who liad a Bible took it out. One soldier had neither a Bible nor a Common Prayer-hook, bntpul.iug out a deck of cards spread, them out' before him. He looked on one card and then on another. Thie Sergeant saw him thus en gaged and said to Mm, 4 Richard, put up the cards. This is no place for them. Never mind that,' said Richard. When the services were over the Constable took the soldier a prisoner, and brought him before tbe Mayor. 4 Well,' said the Mayor, 4 what have brought that Boldier here for? And the Constable answered : 4 For play ing cards in churoh, your Honor.' Well, soldier, what have you got to say for yourself F inquired the Mayor. ' Much, sir, I hope, said Richard. 4 Very good ; for if not, I will punish yon most severely. 4 1 have been,' said the soldier, 4 about- six weeks on the tnaroh. 1 have neither Bible nor Common Prayer-hook. T liave nothing but a pack of cards, and T hope to satisfy your worship o£ the purity of my in tention.' 4 Very good,' said the Mayor. Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, ne began with the ace : 4 When "f see the ace, it reminds me that there is but one God. When 1 see the dence, it reminds me of the Father and. the Son. Wben I see the tiay. it reminds me of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. Wheal see the four it reminds me of the four Evangelists who preached, viz - Matthew, Mark, Luke and John ; when I see the five, it reminds me of the five virgins who trimmed their lamps — there were't-en, but five were fools and were shut out : when I see the six it reminds 'me that in six days the Lord made the heaven? and the earth. When I see the seven, it remind? me that- on the seventh day God rested from his work — He made aud hallowed it. When I see the eight, it reminds me of jtho eight rightaonn persons that were saved when God drowned the world, viz.: Noah and his wife, Mr three sons and their wives. When I see tbe nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that, were cleaned by our Savior— there were ten, but only nixie returned thanks When j see the ten it reminds me of the Ten Command ments, which God handed down to Mosep on a tablet of stone. When I see the King it reminds me of the great King of Heaven, who is God Almighty. When 1 see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who went to hear the wisdom of Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boys' apparel, to see whether King Solomon could tell whioh were boys and wMch were girls, King Solomon sent for 100 basins cf water for them to wash them selves in ; tbe girls washed to the elbows, and the boys only to the wrist. So King Solomon told by thib. 4 Well,' sain u>< Mayor, yon have given the description cf ell of the cords in the pack except one.' 4 Which one is tbat F asked the soldier. 4 The knave,' said tb« Mayor. 4 1 will give yonr honor a description of that, too, if yon will not be angry. 4 1 will not,' said the Mayor, 'if you will not term me as the knave.' 4 Well,' said the soldier, ' the greatest knavo is the Constable who brought me here.' - - 4 1 do not know,' said the Mayor, 4 whether he is the greatest knave or not but I do know that he is the greatest fool.' 4 When I count the number of spots in a pack I find 365, the number of days in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack 1 find that there are fifty, two, or as many weeks as there are in a year. And 1 find four suits, the number of weeks in a month. I find that there are twelve pictnre card? in a pack, representing the number of months in a year and, on oounting tbe tricks, 1 find thirteen, tbe number of weeks in a quar ter. So yon see, sir, that the pack of cards servo for a Bible, almanac and common prayer hook to me.' f Author unknown, but it is probable that tho production' is of com paratively ancient date. 