LONDON WEEK BY WEEK. £WKIITEN AKD IlirSTJLtXKD BY HABBY FUKNISS, OF 'PO'CH.'! London. February 2. Ihe annual meeting of the Showmen and Van dwellers' Association took place last week. The proceediugs last year were animated in consequence or tte autasoniemshown towards one. ?Jr. Cio-vn?e. Smith. 01 ^oaivuie. j.ms year tnat patriarcnai pnuancropisc did not put in an appearance, so as an entertainment the ciueting was a frost. Mr. George Smith, o£ Ceaiville, is one of the most constant; attendants at tha House of Commons. IX'.y after day you can see him in the outer lobby ?with his broad good- natured face and his slouch hat, his Dockets full of literature about his hobby, the Biil for the van-dwellers' benefit, as he thinks, but for their destruction according to their way of looking at the matter. There he is to be seen, waiting to pounce upon some M.P. to support him or on some member of tha Press to advertise his mission. The van-dwellers aro a sturdy, pretty well to- do looking lot of men. The President-elect asked, ' Do u-e look like a consumptive lot i' a remark that was greeted with laughter. 2Jot long ago I was riding down Hendou way, when I came across a brother artist painting a picturesque landscape with som& of these vcu-dwellers in the middle distance. He told me that in his chats with them he bad found them high respectable, even prudish. A storm came on whilst; he was painting the day before, and he ran tn th» van for shelter. After a few minutes ha said. ?'Ah, I think 111 go home ; it's no use trying to work any longer to-aay. ±he van proprietor replied that weather made no difference to him, for he had a wife and five little 'tins to keep. My friend, who is a bachelor, and maintains his mother and sisters, replied, 'Well, I have fiva to keep also, and I am not married.' 'Then out of this you goT' shouted the virtuous van- dweller; 'we don't shelter men of your class,' and without waiting for any explanation he summarily ejected my mild and benevolent friend. Sorely such men do not wane legislation and protection, and I am not surarised that a clcrirvman took the chair at their meeting last week. Whilst struggling cbrougn the crowded city the other day in a hansom to catch a train 1 found myself ' blocked' on Hol born 'Viaduct. Jfow, with plenty of time at my disposal, I do not object to a block in the city, for it is as good as most plays — and much better than some — to listen to the repartees and watch the antics of the 'busmen and cabbies. Just as the crowd was greatest/ the other morning the asphalters were patching up the roadway and placing a barrier round each patch. To drive through these obstacles required the skill of the Horse Artillery men who annually show their prowess at the Agricultural Hall, and although there are no better drivers than fft-* Tioni^nn r^il'»l~n*3ff :mrl ?r»nmrt«n in A slin pery thoroughfare amidst a crowd ot miscellaneous venicles ana cries trom all sides, it is not quite the same as driving on the tan at Islington to the music of the band ; bo I was not surprised to see some of these obstacles overturned and the wheel of the 'bus go over the new patch of asphalt, hot and soft. 'Sow then, stoopid, ain't yer got h'eys in yer !ed V called cue the infuriated Italian superintending the patch work. 'Yuss, guv'nor. corse I 'ave ; but yer know I can't make 'bus 'esses do a bloomin' h.'et»tr danca.' Things move so rapidly nowadays that a wonder, instead of lasting nine daya, exhausts itself in one. A few weeks ago the Ardlamont case was the Eole topic of conversation from Land's End to John o' Groats ; to-day it is scarcely mentioned. Some have a vague idea that the name of Monson is some thing to do with a waxwork show, and that Scott is the name of some one that broke the bank at Monte Carlo : that the Zierenbergs have bought Truth, or have written somerhing in it against Mr. Labouchere. Home Rule has been dead many years — we seem to have read something about it when wy were boys ; tha Parish Councils Bill, in some minds, ?was the question that turned the lato Government out of ollice : people are consulting books of reference to dis cover why the Germaii Emperor and Bismarck ever quarrelled, and the ear nest reader fon^ets one day what he read the day before. It is therefore like diggins up a mummy to bring Jabez Balfour to the fore again, yet herd ho is once more the sensation of the hour. I see him sitting ' childlike and bland' in his seat in the House of Commons, the puritanical financier sleeping the sleep of the innocent babe, and under tne picture tae words uneartuea Dy a contemporary, written dj nis aaminng iriena, the .Rev. Dawsoa Burns, D.D. : — I saw thee when a new-born babe, A stranger come to town, And size and tonn both seemed to say, 'He's Gestured for renowD.' ??♦??* ♦ » # ??? * - ? ; And now what shall I wish for thee? All good in heart and mind, A joy to all thy friends and we, A blessing to mankind. These lines were written exactly thirty years ago. Poets wore alwavs prophets. In Hyde Park last Sunday afternoon was held a meeting of a unique character, convened by the Waiters', Waitresses', Barmen's and Domestic {Servants' Protection Union to secure better food, wages, *nd sleeping accommodation, and these Roberts and Marys called upon Mr. Mundella and Sir Wil liam Harcourt to form a Govern ment Registry Office, pleading that bv charging a. small fee Sir William, could Eave the budget by making up any deficit he might fi nd in the revenue '. It is w«ll-known that the budget is the critical question with the Government at present — novr it is safe I If the Chancellor of the Exchequer will open that registry office and take the servants' * pence this great country will ba able to pass over a most acute crisis, and the Government will get out or a very awkward dilemma. I venture to think, though, that had Sir Wil liam proposed such a tax there ?would have been as great a tlare up as that caused by Chancellor Robert Lowe when he proposed to tax the match- sellers. Shall T fiver hear the end of trie rmrceen uiud dinner j Jivery post i receive tmrteen [etfcera, each enclosing thirteen requests.and I want thirteen Secretaries for thirteen hours a day to reply to the corre spondence. Allow me in a few lines (limit them to thirteen, Mr. Printer, please) to say that I merely presided at the dinner, and that all communications should be addressed eo the prime mover and President of the club, the cranial Mr. William FTarnett Blanch, Anderton's Hotel, Fleet street. I have had letters from all over the United Kingdom, Holland, Spain. Frauce, and Germany, from thoEe wishing to start a Thirteen Club. It would seem that about 13,000 were joining the movement against thirteen persons opposing it, the latter including Mr. Andrew Lang, Mr. V-scar Wilde, and the editor of an evening contemporary. ji.muai^ oi.;ior uuerescing letters I received the following, which is worth quoting as a warning to householders : — ** During Christmas week a well- dressed man called on a lady who resides in a fashion able square. She was busy reading the paper about frauds in general, and the man was shown in. Ha said he was the Secretary of a Psychical Society, and had called to ask if the house was haunted, or if there were any mysterious noises or any ghosts about it. The lady, who knew her London well, promptly in formed the caller that he bad come to the wrong place, and ushered him oS the premises. He had come apparently after ' Spooks,' but the lady was well up to the tricks of the town, and knew that ho would Kr.pil 'SnnnlrV with an 'n'and not with a 4k.' and that it was f noons not /Spooks that the man was after.' xiobwiuisianuiui; tne complaints lodged against the House of Lords it cannot he said that they exclude the Press. Unlike the Lower Chamber, where the the journalist has posi tively to fight to get. into the gallery, the House of Peers makes provision for an increased attendance. During the debate on the Home Rule Bill a special gallery was given up to tho special reporters, and recently has come by post a recent invitation to pass for the extra Press Gallery during the debates on the Bills non before the Lords. The Lower House has a lot to learn from, instead of to lomplain of, the Upper House, and one thing tne commons nave to gither from the Peers is a little more consideration for the gentlemen without whom the political performances in the Commons would be lost to the outside world. I have always thought that one full-dress debate in the Lords is worth sir in the Commons ; the matured oratory in the Upper House contrasts strongly with the conversational chatter in the Lower. Take away Mr. Gladstone, Mr. Balfour, Mr. Chamberlain, and Mr. Asquith, and in the Commons there is no one worthy of the name of a really reliable orator. Of course 31r. Plunkett rises to a great height when he likes, and others may come out occasionally with a fine speech, but amongst the efforts yon hear in every important debate the plums are lost in a tremendous amount ot coarse suet, lhe oratorical dish in the I Lords is always smaller, richer, and far more palatable on whatever side the debate is carried on. Compare, for instance, the late Bishop of Peterborough with the present- member ; compare the late Lord Derby, the Rupert of debate, with the present member for Derby ; compare Lord Salisbury, the leader of the Lords, with Mr. Labouchere, the leader against them, and then sympathize with the Parlia mentary penman, who has to fight to hear the Commons, but is invited to hear the Lord 5?. Last week during the penorajance of 'Cinaerella at a matiuce at the Lyceum Theatre a pretty little incident occurred. Mrs. Mary A'.mo Keelay, our oldest living actress, now in her eighty-ninth year, was in tho stalls. The Manager, Mr. Oscar Barrett, spied her, and during the performance sat next hur and chatted about the long, i long ago when Mrs. Keeley played in ' Cinderella' in this very theatre. She is the Grand Old Lady of the stage — quick, witty, and as full of vitality as the youngest actress, with the advantage of having a long and interesting lifetime of reminiscences with which to delight you. That very afternoon I called upon a great friend of Mrs. Keeley's, and was admiring a very beautiful handwork firescreen quite recently done by Mrs. Keeley, and presented to our mutual Iriend. Above the screen Li framed the note which was sent with it, in which, if I recollect rightly, the actress states — ' My own work ; all done without specs, at the age of eighty- five.' Stage- life in many cases is not only a happy, but a healthy one, and there is no bstter practical evidence of this than the -; Cinderella' of our father's boyish days, Mary Anne Keeley. 5TK- GEOKGE MOTH, OF COALVTLLB. 5TK- GEOKGE MOTH, OF COALVTLLB. A HEfiO PAXCE. A HEfiO PAXCE. rTrrr.HT.TKE a.vd tilaxd. rTrrr.HT.TKE a.vd tilaxd. SEEVVSTS' REGISTRY. SEEVVSTS' REGISTRY. WM. HAR-'ETT BLANCH. WM. HAR-'ETT BLANCH. spooks ok srooxs. spooks ok srooxs. THE PEESS — COMMONS AND LOSD«=. THE PEESS — COMMONS AND LOSD«=. MBS. KfELEY. MBS. KfELEY. 