r 9{ea6antrie6i -fanek6 ? ? — i— ? inconsiderate. ?HTomuri Suffi»u'st— Are ynu, Mr, in fjivour of women voting ? Mr. Man— Mad you should rot ask me such a question and expect an anB«er when you know I am -unarmed.' THE GENTLE WAX. | Two women were discussing the subject of galads and their construction. The first said : 'Now, for lobster salud 1 always get a nice Jive lobster thnt weighs about oue pound and a-balf or two pounds, and boil it nicely.' The second hrohe in with : 'How do you hill the lobster ? You know, I never buy live lobsters because I think it so inhuman to kill them by putting thein into a kettle of hot W-Tbe first woman replied : ' Ob, I never kill them that way ; that would be too horrible. I always put them on in cold water, and let .them come to a boil.' THE SNAIL. HiniBolf he boards and lodges ; both invites And feasts himself ; sleeps with himself o' nights. He spares tho upholsterer trouble to procure Chattels ; himself is his own furniture, And nia sole riches. Wheresoe'er he roam Knock when you will—he's sure to bo at home. A MODEST BEQUEST. Mi'. Henpeck (a very Btnall man) : ' What shall I get up on tbat chair for, Miranda ?' Mrs. Henpeck (very large and masculine) : ' Get up on that chair, you insignificant little whiffet, do's I can box your ears without haviDg to etoop over. Get up on that chair ! Do you hear ?' THE LAST RESORT. ' Weel, friends,' said a Scottish clergyman, recently, 'the kirk is urgently in need of sil ler, and as we have failed to get money honestly, we will have to see what a bazaar can do for us.' sad ! Barney O'Cogeran Be bought a toboggan, And went out to coast on the hill ; Bnt he soon tumbled off, And came home with a cough, And hia grandmother gave him a pill. HIS WAX. J It is often amusing to see how a man's j vocation colours his form of speech. This ie :i especially noticeable with sailorB. i A young Cape Cod captain attended a social gathering and was induced to join in \ the dance, a fact which called forth some ex ; clamations of surprise from his shyer mates. ' Ob, I didn't danee,' he said ; ' I only ) jeat cruiaed around a little.' | CABEIED TOO FAE. i He glowered fiercely. ; ' What ?' he demanded. ! 'No, John,' she repeated, 'I shall not i get up and build the fire in the morning any more.' For a minute he ruminated bitterly. ' It strikes me ? ' There was a suggestion of the dullness of despair in his tones. ' ? thiB is carrying yonr blamed mannish ness too far.' A GOOD mat's AIM. To think without confusion clearly; To love his fellow-men sincerely j To act from honest motives purely j To trust in God and heaven securely. f A CASE OF PINCHI1TS ECONOMY. ' George, dear,' said the loving wife, ' I do not eee how our little one can go any longer without a new pair of pantaloons. Tbe only one i he has have been patched until lie can wear them no Ionizer.' With a deep sigh her husband laid down his paper. 'I don't know what I can do, Madeline,' Be said. ' I can't afford to buy him new ones just at present.' ' Then, my darling,' replied bis better half, with a despaiiing gesture, 'the worst hae come. 1 shall have to have my bicycle troueerB made over for him.' COEKECTING HIM. Small Boy (to mamma, tucking his sister in bed) — 'Tuck in my footse*, too, mamma.' Small Sister (severely) — ' Ton musn't say footsee ; yon must say feet One feet is a foot, and two footseB iB feet !' — THE PRESENT. The present moment is the sum of time ; The all to come a dreamer's prophecy, The pa6t the mingled music of a chime That rang by night into a windy sky. Sit not with folded hands to mourn dead days, Nor idly wait the days that are to be ; For while thou watched tbey too go their ways To join the ghosts tbat hannt and harrow tliee. MAN AND WOMAN. Man is a creature of caBt iron methods ; but woman adaptB herself to circumstances. A man refuses to drive a nail unless he has a hammer. A woman does not hesitate to ubo & poker, or the heel of her shoe, or the back of a brush. Man think it absolutely neces sary to have a cork-screw to draw a cork. Woman will gouge it out with her scisBors, or a knife, or button-hook. If it won't come out, it will go down ; and, after all, the con tents of the bottle are what are wanted. A nan regards a razor as consecrated to one calling. A woman has a higher opinion of lti versatility, and nnea it to sharpen pencils. This act, surreptitiously performed, leads her husband to say malignant things about razors and their makers. EVIDENT. A student nt a medical college was nnder examination. The instructor asked him ? 'Of what course, specifically, did' the people die who lost their lives at the destruc tion of Herculaneum and Pompeii p' I think they died of an eruption, sir ' answered the student. THE BILLOWS. They come and go j their shadows pass Beyond the bnund where blue and brine Kiss, and the orient clouds amasB White piles abovo the horizon's line. \- STTEE 'IO COME NOW. Husband— 'All the women in El Paso, Texas, wil) soon be wearing divided skirts.' Wife—' Horrors ! Why do you think 80?' / Husband — ' The men bave paBsed a law sj»^igainst it.' A NEAT COMMiIMENT. Mrs. Bewtay— ' Fes, Patrick, that is my picture ; but it flatters mo a little.' Patrick—' It would have to flatter you a j good deal, mum, to look as well as you do in my eyes, mum.' J SYNTAX. ' What is syntax P' wan asked of a class uuder examination. 'A tax on whisky,' waB tbe reply of One student. And the teacher thought he deaorved the murk of 100 per cent, CHANGED HIS MIND. She — ' You want me to be your wife? I thought you iiaid you wouldn't mnrry the best women in the world ?' He — ' But I've changed my mind, and I will if you'll bave me.' 