the philosophy of ghosts. A sad tragedy once happened in our quiet village. A poor woman drowned herself and her baby in a tiny stream that runs through the further end of the village. Before long some were to be found who had " heard toll as how " there was " suinmat " to be seen every night at a certain hour. So-and-so had " seed " it. " Now, exactly opposite to the scene of the tragedy there stood a picturesque old cottage, with a well-kept garden in front- of it, in which cottage lived an old lady of the name of Mrs. Dodd. Now, Mrs. Dodd felt injured at the talk of the village. She lived. opposite the haunted stream, and if anyone saw " it," she ought to. But in spite of sitting up, and looking out of the window at all hours of the night, she saw nothing more alarming than the white rails of the rustic bridge and the stunted bushes at the water's edge. And so she came to the conclusion that there was " nought to be seen." "Ghosts!" the old lady would say in scorn, " I don't hold wi' 'em. if so be as that 'ere woman hev a-gone to the good place, 'tain't likely as how she be wishful to a-waddle in that 'ere old diteh " — and then, with a solemn voice and a shake of her bony finger, she would add, "and if she've a-gone to the t'other, she'll be Jeep' there."- -Longman's. Asker : " Didn't your wife inherit some thing from her mother ?" Sfcuckley : "Yes, a good deal." Asker : " Whit was the nature of it ?" Stuckley : "Mostly temper." Jinks : " What i3 your definition of a gentleman ?" Binks : " That he ceases to be one when he must be defined." Myrtylia : How can I be sure that you really love me ! Harry : By watching this evening and noticing how all the other girls want to flirt with- me. Opening a Negotiation.— A doctor in the Turriff district was one day going his rounds when he met a vendor o.f herring, and that commodity being rather scarce at the time in question, the doctor addressed the fishmonger thus : " Well, John, what's the price of herring to-day?" "Oh," replied John, " they're saxpence the dfczen, but I'll gie ye ane to the bargain if you'll gang roun' and ge? my wife, for ehe'e nae 