pso:plb say— Sir Ueaiy jjoea taH:iuj: oat into lluV V> fit, Out into* the AVcst wlicro".tlio tun gobs And ?Iμ menus, as they k&ow; \vlio kiiotv hira the best, . " To ts-il: until Dibbs has bcoii done quite ' b-vvo. Tlicu buck ho '.will coa.o -Jilro 'wily old tiv.-iiii-iier, ' ' . "Who (>*. i iorjuzr.st wave fios'ts. unto the ? short-. To .tho' -mj-ul-tr lii-co'sse' a skilful triniiacr,- Bo Siiils into j.hico mid to power o-jce wore. ?That Lyne, M.P., would-liko to bo a future Premier. . . Tliat I'oaitny . "DoJu r-nd C<>. aro where they will be niosfc useful during the gcac~ii election. - That a Mr Farthing ha_s told aboi'so called itushlight. So that is the end of a farthing rtishlight. That the amateur sports on Saturday were better worth attending than many a meeting in Sydney. That Dibtis is to be asked to pro pose a plan for the unification of Singleton' aud South Singlctou. . That the mothers and wives of .SheUhaibour aro weeping. Cause, the establishment of a football club. . That JLyne says he lias known "Norton .'and Crick formally years. Yet tho trinity arc not in unity. That'a "University extension lecturer in Maitland described Macbeth ni a Highland snvAge, aud is yet alivo. That the Belgians have fortified Oubaughi. TAieEzsprcsis need not be alarmed, Armidalc is m no danger.' That, according .to the STur, the pretty girls of Tontcriield have varied styles of exhortation. Exhortation is good. That the motto of Schcy, M.P., for the coming election is " justice to all u;er." liven to the Jiailwav Comuiis- sioner.s. That Fitzgerald, M.P., says the select committee on a National Bank ex amined most of the bankers who aro not in gaol. That poor David Christie Murray's tiwn doiiiesiiu troubles are sad e-Jtu ments on some beautiful love stories he has written. That Dibbs says " Jim" Toohey is politically mad. Better that, however, than to he in polities, what Toohey s-ays Dibbs is. That in South Australia they are complaining of a, plague of mice. "What troubles us here is a plague of rats —Parliamentary rats. That if Mr Gladstone accepts :ssj invitation io visit the United States first, .Newcastle will get insulted, and then the G. O. M. may look out. That the Evening JTcws is agitated about, '"the philosopher's stone." Mount Huxley would be a. more interesting subject for tlie public. That tho Maitland paper wants to know " why do the chickens die." IE chickens could read the Maitland paper, tho answer would be obvious. That the Cjuirindi Aj-gus regrets that marriage is so often avoided ay men. This is the kind of thing that comes of having women as journalists. That tho Ministry regard their chances at the general election as hopeful. And M. O'livicr went to war with the Germans with a light heart. That the appeal of the Ministry for a majority at the elections is as liki-sy to be successful as that of tho Bona partis's for a. restoration of the French I I-hnpire. That the lnvorell Argus has dis covered a pumpkin weighing 103 ibs. But the t"cone Adcer.'irerhizsn pirapie which, though not so large, is far more painful. That according- to Truth neither bounce, belligerency nor beer will - .yin the Tamworth election. Then none of ths present candidates have the ghost of a show. That- the Rev. Isitt says alcohol is a, direct agent- of tho devil. A scoffer says then tho new way to ask a man to drink is " will you put away some devil." That the Glen Innes Guardian was not surprised at Ihe rejection of the Glenlnuts - Ir-verellrailway. Nothing will surprise the Guardian, cot even the last trumpet. That the Premier, as a married man, says, when women want any thing they will leave no stone unturned to get it. Bibbs knows more of the female mind than ho does of politic-. That, according to the Tamworth Observer, kisses must not get brown, but must be hard on top. Well, kissing in Tamworth must be a kind of cast iron performance. That Parkes accuses Bibbs of copy iug his mistakes. If this were ail, it would not be so bad. It is w hen' j Bibbs makes an origiua! niistako that the country really suffers. ! That The O'SnUivan.M.P., want 3 to \ know " what isa money ?" Wo should say JCoOO a year for blathering and a place on the Public Works Committee at a few hundreds a year more. That tho Mns'vvellbrook Chronicle does uot approve of the Premier of Great Britain keeping racehorses. That settles it. Next thing JLord Kosebery'a stud will' bo for sale. ? . That tho bogus baukers will he re leased too late to enable them to get electors* rights aud vote in the coming election. They will all have a resi dential qualilicatiou in Parrainatta, though. That according to the Dailg Telc rjruph, Neild, M.P., is related to the English, the Irish aud the* Scottish nobility. And yet ho is only plain John Cash instead of Smith, Murphy, Macphersou, Neild. . That the Tamworth Obicrter take 3 two columns of a freetrade article from tho An?L*s without acknowledge incnfc. Well, we are good freetraders ourselves, but this kind of trade is more free than welcome. That the nice old lady of the Mur rttvundi Times has been shocked by s. young lady who took " a loving ixeck hokl" of her riartners at a, hospital ball. Knowing. nothing of the re gulations of wrestling, wo do not know '.vhat is " a.loving neckhold." 