THE NOVELIST. THE MAMMAS.' By HALL CAINE. BOOK IV.—MAN AND WIFE. Chapter XXIX. the christening of little kathebdib. The more Kate realised that she was in the position of a bad woman, the more she straggled to be a good one. She flew to re ligion as a refuge. There was no belief in her religion, no faith, no creed, no mystical transports, bat only fear and shame and con trition. It was fervent enough, nevertheless. On Sunday morning she went to the Christians, on Sunday afternoon to church, on Sunday evening to the Wesleyan chapel, and on Wednesday night to the mission-house of the Primitives. Her catholicity did not please her father. He looked into her quiver ing face and asked if she had broken any commandment in secret. She turned pale and answered, "No." Pete followed her wherever she went; and, seeing this, some of the baser sort among the true religious people began to follow him. They abused each other badly in their efforts to lay hold of his money-bags. "You'll never go over to yonder lot," said one. " They're holding to election—a soul-destroy ing doctrine." " A respectable man can't join himself to Cowley's gang," said another. "They're denying original sin and aren't a ha'p'orth better than infidels." Pete took the measure of them all, down to the watch-pockets of their waistcoats. " You remind me," said he," " when you're a-gate on your doctrines, of the Kaffirs out at Kimberley. If one of them found an ould hat in the compound that Borne white man had thrown away, they'd light a camp fire after dark and hould a reg'lar Tynwald Coort on it. There they'd be squatting round on their haunches, with nothing to be seen of them but their eyes and their teeth, and there'd be as many questions as the Cate chism. 'Who found it?' says one. 'Where did he find it? says another. ' If he hadn't found it, who else would have found it? That's how they'd be going till two in. the morning, and the fire dead out, and the. lot of them squealing away same as monkeys in the dark. And all about an ould hat with a hole in it, not worth a ha'penny piece." , "Blasphemy!" they cried. "But still and for all, you give to the widow and lendto.thp Lord—you practise the religion you don't be lieve in, Capt'n Quilliam." "There'sa pair of us, then," said Pete,, "for you believe in the religion you don't practise." But Caesar got Pete at last, in spite otitis scepticism.- The time came for the annual; camp meeting.- Kate went off to it, ahd Pete" followed like a big dog at her heels.-: The company assembled at Sulby-bridge, aha marched through the village to a revivft! chorus.' They stopped at a field of Caesar's* in the glen—it was last year's Melliah. field*— and Caesar monnted a cart which had been left there to serve as a pulpit. Then they sang again, and, breaking up into many com panies, went off into little circles that were like gorse rings on the mountains. After, that they reassembled to the strains- -of another chorus, and gathered afresh about the cart for Caesar's sermon. It dealt with the duty of sinless perfection. There were evil men and happy sinners in the island these days who were telling them it was not good to be faultless in this life, be cause virtue begot pride, and pride was a deadly sin. There were others who were saying that because a man must repent in j order to be saved, to repent he had to sin. ! ["Doctrines of the devil—don't listen to them. Could a man in the honsehold of faith live one second without committing sin? Of course be could. One minute? Certainly. One hour? No doubt of it. Then, if a man could live one hour without sin, he could live one day, one week, one month, one year—nay, a whole lifetime. I In getting .thus far, Cesar had worked him- j self into a perspiration, and he took off his coat, hung it over the cart wheel, and went on in his shirt- sleeves. Let them make no excuses for backsliders. It was a trick of the devil to deal with you and forget to pay strap (theprice). It was an old rule and a good one that, if any were guilty of the sins of the ffiesb,.fhay«hould be openly punished in this world, that their Bins might not be counted against them in the day of the Lord. Caesar threw off his waistcoat and finished with a passionate exhortation, calling upon: his hearers to deliver themselves of secret' sins. If oratory is to be judged of by its effects, Caesar's sermon was a great oration. | It began amid the silence of his own ! followers, and the tschis and pshaws of a little group of his enemies, who lounged on the outside of the crowd to cast ridicule on the' "swaddler" and the. "publican preacher.". But it ended amid loud excla mations of praise and supplication from all hiB hearers, sighing and groaning, and the bodily clutching of each other by the arm in paroxsyms of fear and rapture. When Csjsot's voice died down like a wave of the sea,- somebody leapt up from the grass to pray. And before the first prayer had ended, ;asecond was begun., Meantime, the penitents began to move inward through the throng, and they fell weeping and moaning on -their knees about the cart. Kate was; -amon&tbehU; and,-when she took her place, Pete still held Ipy.her side. A strong shudder ing passed over her shoulders, and her wetj e^es Were onthe grass, Pete took her hand, and, feeling how it trembled, his own eyes also filled. Above their heads Caear was towering with fiery eyes and face aflame. In a momentary pause between two prayers, he tossed his voice op in a hymn. The people joined him at the second bar, and then the wailing of the penitents was drowned in the general shout of the revival tone: It some poor wandering child ot Thine Have spurned to-day the voice divine, Now, Lord, the gracious work begin. Let him no more lie down in sin. Kate sobbed alond—poor vessel of human passions, tossed about, tormented by the fire that was consuming her. As the penitents grew calmer, they rose one by one to give their experience of Satan and salvation. At length Cajsar seized the opportunity and said, "And now Brother Quilliam will give his experience." Pete rose from Kate's side with tearful eyes amid a Babel of jubilation, most of it facetious. " Be of good cheer, Peter, be not afraid." " I've not much to tell," said Pete—" only a story of backsliding. Before I earned enough to carry me up country, I worked a mouth at Cape Town with the boats. My master was a pious ould Dutchman getting the name of Jan. One Saturday night a big sbip lost her anchor outside, and on Sunday morning forty pounds was offered for finding it. All. the boatmen went out except Jan. 1 Six. days shalt thou labour,' says he, 1 but | the seventh is the Sabbath.'" Pete's address was here punctuated by loud j cries of thanksgiving. " All. day long he was seeing the boats J beating up the bay, ad, to keep out of tempta tion, he 'was going up to the bedroom and pulling the blind and -getting: down on his J knees and wrestling like mad. And some thing out of heaven was saying to him, ' It's the' Lord's day, Jannie; they'll not get a I ha'p'orth.' Neither did they ; but when Jan's ' watch said twelve o'clock midnight the pair of us were going off like rocketB. Well, we hadn't Deen ten minutes on the water before our grapplings bad hould of that anchor." There were loud cries of " Glory!" " Jan was Bhouting ' The Lord has put us atop of it as straight as the lid of a tay pot!'" Great cries of " Hallelujah !" " But when we came ashore we found Jan's watch was twenty minutes fast, and that was the end of the ould man's religion." That day the word went round that both Pete and Kate had been converted. Their names-Were entered in Class, and they re ceived their quarterly tickets. Next morning Kate set out to church for her churching. Her household dudes had lost their interest by this time, and she left Nancy to cook the dinner. Pete had volun teered to take charge of the child. This he began to do by establishing himself with his pipe in an armchair by. the cradle, and look ing steadfastly down into it until the little one awoke. Then he rocked it," rummaged his memory for a nursery song" to quiet it, mid smoked and sang together.. ; A frtxr he Would a-wotdnggo,.. - Kitty alone/ Kitty atone, (Puffi -puff.) ■ "A wonderful likely sort of a beau .Kittyalone and It ■ (Pvff. puff, puff:) '■ The sun .was, shining. in. at .the doorway, and.a .man's shadow.fell across the cradle head. It was Philip. Pete put fiia mouth out into the' form of an unspoken " Hush," and Philip' sot down *iii silence, while Pete went bn "with ids smoke and his song. But when her husband ^at came home, Kitty alotie, Kitty aloiiei Pray who's been here-since I've been gone? . far " My alone,and I ! (Puff, puff. )■ Pete had got to the middle of the verse \- about the " worthy gentleman," when the j low whine in the cradle lengthened to a long breath and stopped. " Gone off at last, God bless it," said Pete. "And how's yourself, Philip? And how goes the petition?" With his head on his hand, Philip was gazing absently into the fire, and he did not hear. " And how goes the petition?" said Pete. "It was that I came to speak of," said Philip. "Sorry to say it has had no effect but a bad one. It has only drawn attention to the fact that Manx fishermen pay no bar-, liour dues." " And quite right, too," said Pete. " The harbours are our fathers' harbours, and were freed to us forty years ago." "Nevertheless," said Philip, "the dues ore to be demanded. The Governor has issued an order." "Then we'll rise against it—every fisher man in the* island," said Pete. " And when they're making you Dempster, you'll back us up in the Tynwald Coort" " Take care, Pete, take care," said Philip. . Then Kate came in from church; and Pete welcomed her with a shout Philip rose and bowed in silence. The marks of the prayers of the week were on her face, but they bad brought her no comfort She had been con stantly promising herself consolation from religion, but every fresh' exercise of devotion had seemed like a sword tearing open the wound:from which slie*bled to,death. She removed her cloak and Btepped to the cradle. The child was sleeping |>eacefuUyf but she convinced herself that it must be unwell. Her own hands were cold and moist and when she touched the child she thought its skin was clammy. Presently her hands became hot and dry, and when she touched the child again she thought its forehead was feverish. " I'm sure she'B ill," she said. " Chut, love," said Pete; "no more ill than I am." But, to calm her fears, he went off for the doctor. The doctor was away in the country, and was not likely to be back for hours. Kate's . fears increased. Every, time she looked at the child Bhe applied to it the symptoms of her own condition. "My child is dying—I'm sure it is," she cried. " Nonsense, darling," said Pete. " Only an henr ago it was looking up as imperent as a tomtit." AtlRBt a; new terror seized her, and she cried, " My child-is dying unbaptised." . " Don't cross her," whispered Philip. Such fears are the common results of child birth." " Well, we'll soon- mend that, love," Baid Pete. "I'll be going off for the p&rzon.;" And he caught up his hat aud went out. - £He called on Parson Quiggin, who pro mised to follow, immediately. Then he Went on to Salby to fetch Utesa* and Grannie and tm* texMMJmM.Uis.9MW91 life, but. some hope of banishing Kate's melancholy by the merriment of a christening feast Meanwhile,' Philip and Rate were alone with the little one, save in the intervals of Nancy's coming and going between the hall and the kitchen. She was restless, and fall of expectation, starting at every aonnd and every step, fie coold see that she had gone whole nights .without sleep, and was passing through an existence that was bnrning itself away. But he set it down to her confine* ment, and believed she would be better Boon. Once or twice she looked up at him, and seemed to be abont to say something. Bat she did not speak, and he said little, Pete' came back, bringing Grannie and Ceesar. The parson arrived soon after them. Kate was sitting with the child in her lap, and brooding over it like a bird above its nest The child was still sleeping the sleep of health and innocence, bat the mother's eyes were wild. "Bogh, bogh," said Grannie, and she kissed her daughter. Kate made no re sponse. NaneyQfbe grew red abont the eye lids, and began to blow her nose. " Here's the parzon, darling," whispered Pete, and Kate rose to her feet. The com pany rose with her, and stood in a half circle before the fire. It was now between daylight and dark, and the firelight Hashed in their faces. " Are the godfather and godmothers pre sent?" the parson asked. "Mr. Christian will stand godfather, parzon ; and Nancy and Grannie will be god mothers." Nancy took the child ont of Kate's arms, and the service for private baptism began with the tremendous words, " Dearly beloved, forasmuch as all men are conceived and born in sin " The parson Btopped. Kate had staggered and almost fallen. Pete put his arm around her to keep her up, and then the service went on. Presently the parson turned to Philip. " Dost thou, in the name of this child, re nounce the Devil and all his works, the vain pomp and glory of the world, with all cove tuous desires of the same, and the carnal de sires of the flesh, so that thou wilt not follow nor be led by them ?'• And Philip answered in a firm, low voice, " I renounce them all." The parson took the child from Nancy. " Name this child." Nancy looked at Kate, but Kate, who was breathing violently, gave no sign. " * Kate,' " whispered Pete ; " *'Kate,' of cooree." " Katherine," said Nancy, and in that name the child was baptised. Dr. Mylechreest came in as the service ended. Grannie held little Katherine up to him, and he controlled his face and looked at her. " There's not mnch amiss with the child," he said. "I knewjt," shouted Pete. Bat perhaps the mother is a little weak and nervous," he added quietly. " Coorse she is, the bogh," cried Pete. "Let her see more company," said the doctor. " She shall," said Pete. " If that doesn't do, send her away for awhile." " I will." " Fresh scenes, fresh society; out of toe island, by preference." " I'm willing." " She'll comeback another.woman." " I'll put up with tbesameone," said Pete; and, while the company laughed, he Hung open tUg door, and cried, " Come in !" and half a dozen men who had been waiting out side trooped into the hall. They entered with shy looks, because of the presence of great people. . »i" Now for a pull of jough, Nancy," cried Pete. "Not too much excitement either," said toe doctor, and with that warning he de parted. The parson went with him. Philip had Blipped out unawares to anybody. Grannie carried little Katherine to the kitchen, and bathed her before the fire. Kate was propped up with pillows in the armchair in the corner. Then Nancy brought the ale, And Pete welcomed it with a shout. Caesar looked alarmed, and rose to go. "The drink's your own, 6ir," said Pete; " stop and taste it." But Caesar couldn't stay. It would scarcely be proper. "You don't christen your first grand daughter every day," said Pete. "Enjoy yourself while you're alive, sir; you'll be a long time dead." Caesar disappeared, but the rest of toe company took Pete's counsel, and began to make themselves comfortable. "The last christening I was at was yesterday," said John the Clerk. "It was Christian Killip'B little one, before she was married, and it took the water same as any other child." "The last christening I was at was my own," said Black Tom, " when I was made an inheritor, but I've never inherited yet." " That's truth enough," said an asthmatic voice from the back stairs. " Well, the last christening I was at was at Kimberley," said Pete, " and I was the parzon myself that day. Yes, though, Parzon Pete. And godfather and godmother as well, and toe baby was l'eter Quilliam, too. Aw, it was no laughing matter at all. There's always a truck of women about a compound, hanging on to the boys like burrs. Dirty little tronsses of a rule; but human creatures for ail. One of them had a child by some body, an4 then she came to die and couldn't take rest because it hadn't been christened. There wasn't a parzon for fifty miles, any where, and it was night-time, too, and the women eras stretched by the caihp lire mid sinking. ' What's to be done ?' says the men. ' 1 11 do it,' says I, and I did. One of the fellows got a breakfast can of water ont of the river, and I dipped my hand in it. ' What's the name ?' says I; but the poor soul was too far gone for spaking. So 1 gave the child my own name, though I didn't know the mother from Noah's aunt, and the big chaps standing round bare-headed began to blubber like babies. ' I baptise thee, Peter Quilliam, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the. Holy Ghost, Amen.' Then the girl died happy and aisv, and what for shouldn't she? The words were the same, mid the water was the same, and, if toe hand wasn't as clane as usual, maybe Him that's above wouldn't bother about the difFrance." Kate got up with a Hush on her cheeks. The room had become too close. Pete helped her into the parlour, where a bright fire was burning, then propped and wrapped her up afresh, and, at her own entreaty, returned to his guests. The company had increased by this time, mid there Were women and girts among them. They went on tosingnndto play, and at last to dance, .... ,, ; , Kate heard them. . Through thecloaed door between toe hall and ' merriment came to her. pnt > in his. head, ! laughter, andcriedins one band and a cardboard box in the other. " The godlather's presentto little Katherme," be said. Kate opened the lid. and drew out a child's hood in scarlet plush. " You are very good," she said, vacantly. "Don't let us talk of goodness," he answered ; and he turned to go. " Wait," she faltered. " I have something io say to you. Shut the door." 