THE -Published Every Monday and Thursday T?HURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1894. Martin Sheen, of Ulenmaggio, charged -with sheep stealing, will be brought up at ithle Maffra police court on Monday next. The bullocks brought from Sydney by -the Port Pirie realised 43d per Ib in London. Drovers in the Goulburn Valley district -are offering to take 100hoad of cattle to tlhe Melbourne market for £15. The experience of sheep farmers in the -Charlton district is that the foxes leave \- the rabbits and dostroytho lambs. The inquiry in regard to the allegations -of conspiracy made against Warders Cox, -Greene and M'Phorson of the Sale gaol, \- will be hold to-day by the Public Service Board. Victoria's Edueation Bill foo the current year amounts to ono-soventh of her total -expenditure. The number of people leaving Gipls. .Jand for West Australia is increaing. During the past week or so no less than 40 have loft Foster and 20 the Yarram -district. The revenue of the Railway Depart. -mnet during the past week was £49,039, -s against £55,773 during the correspond. ing year. The decrease is £P834. The first session of the seventeenth Parliament of Victoria was opeued on Tuesday at two o'clock. Mr Turner hasarranged with Sir J. 13. Patteeron that In order to gue tile Supply ]ill through, the unauthorised reductions from the salaries of civil servants will be continued until Parliament decides the question. Mr J. J. Williams, of Stratford, has boon appointed stationmaster at Bair-s. lalt, in succeesion to Merll. H. Glod hill, who has retired from the service. Tuesday the 6th prox., being Cup day, has beeoon proclaimed a public and hank 3holiday throughout Victoria ; also Friday, thlo 9th, that day being the Prince of Wales' Birthday. No less than between £40,000 and .£50.000 was saved by the Railway Com aniseioners by reduced train mileago during the first quarter of this year, as compared with tho~irst throee months of last year. The Railway Commissioners selate that lthe xperiment tried of special rates to Ineet road and water competition, has not proved succoessful in its object, and rather than risk further lossthoy will revert to their July elasilication whore neoessary. A number -of selectors allotments have been cut up in the Callignoo Forest reserve by the Government contraet our. veyor of South Gippslanm. They are from 80 to 150 acres in extent, and sit sated about half-way between Yarramn and Traralgon. Time aIndie of good quality. The it uniolpal Association of Vic toria intend protesting against the Government reducing the subsidy, as they have entered into contracts under faith of i r Pattorson's promises. The Association will meet on the fifth November. Food must be cheap at home just now judging by the following, which is taken from a letter, to a resident here, dated, Dublin, Sept 20 :-" I never remember food so cheap, 2d the l21bloaf. American beef brought over ahlivoe, Gd. lb for roasting rib; good tea is lb. "The Colac Reformer of 27th inst. states that at the sale of the Watch Hill Estate by Messrs Armstrong, Howe and Co. on the proceding day, Dr Forbes, of Sale, purchased the homestead portion con sisting of 2,165 acres 2 roods 3 perches privately. An Order-in-Council was passed by the Excuutive on MIonday aftornoon varying the ooriginal Order.in-Council, and thus retanlinlg the services of Mr Coromloy as Chief Commissioner, and other senior olf irae of the police force, provided they ;satisfy the Police lledical Board that ,thoy c?v mentally and physically fit for *" pico. An old-eatablishod lhdsidlri, thd Copper Mine Hotel, six miles front Walhalln, was totally consumed bn tdesday lilorning. It was partly covered by insuranueoj itd the inmates hada narrow~scapd: A terrible railway accident occurred at the Rodfern railway station ntudir ydhay yesterday morning. Two tralhs bolldeod with the result [that 52 pnnsennobe wore injured, and the firdmatQ died from in.. juries inflicted. Deani M'Carthy, ottO of the passengers, wa ves o sQvrenly scalded tlhatlhis lifo is despiiied of. The Executive duncell hIto decided that the supreme penalty of the law shall take its course in tile can of Elijah Cockroft, who was nontented to death by Mr Justice A'Bockett at. Hirsham for the murder of Fanny Mot,. Cpekrpft will, consequently, d lianged d athe Ballarat Gaol on Mfonday weekl 12th inst. A concert under the) ulslcA l?C tthe Bringolong singing class aill in aid of the Bringolong Mfoclanics' Isntitutoe will be hold there on Monday Il?bt The pro gramnto will be an oxcdllent urnd, tio services of performeor througlhout the district having boon obtailoed, and as the nadmission for adulta is only Is and children Gd, a crowded house should be onsnred. A dannu will follow, admission to which is Is, and light refroshunents will be served at 12 o'clock. On Saturday afternoon a little hoi about three years old, son of a minor named Cannon, WAnderod away frdom his home at Coaleillo. A search party of about fifty were out looking fob bLint In the surroundiag bosh till Saturday after. noon and 6llnday morling. During the afternoon tile child's body was found floating in a treak into which it had bvi dontly fallen. The Chief Seroetry, tMr Peneoit, told adoputation of sub-oflteirs of police col. saiting of Sergeant Hilliard (Wariagul), Sergeant Common (Bondigo), Snrgennt M'Gann (Sale), Sergeant Steele (Eagle. hawk), and Senior Constable Armstrong (CGlnes), that it was lot fur them to bring forward objectlons to the policy of the Cabinet in the admlinistration of the force. By tha mail steamer Cuzco, which loft Port Melbourne on Saturday last for Lon. don wper ehipped a40 tons of butter, 2ý tons of gren pens, 2100 dozen of oage and 3000 bundles of asparagus. Thoe total shipments of butter to dato for this season have now reached nearly 2000 tons, Csn signora of peons are recomumended by the Department of Agriculture to forward Yorkshire Hlornes and Marrowfats, those arioetles eomtuandtng the highest pricorjin London. Growers of asparagus are re. commended to cut the bundles perfectly loeel at the bottom and then dip the ends in salt and water to prevent ' bleeding.' At the mocoting of graziers hold in Maffira i shot time back in reference to the high rteos charged by the ramilway departloont oneatock, on oortwa spelkeors were of opinion that travelling the stock by road would effect considerablo saving, and it now appears the experiment is about to be tried, ao~ on Saturday next Mr A. J. ahu'tor will leave Salo with a mob of cattle for the market at Flemington, included in this mob being drafts from Powaereeourt, Wandocka, Bnidnale and Summerkla. If this proves eeccessful it will no doubt have more effect on the Railway Comalissioners than a deputation would. A strange and unwelcome pupil plut in an appearance at the local State school on Mlonday and caused no little eonsternation amongst the scholars. While proceeding quietly with the lessons Mr Irvine's attention eas drawn to the door and that genllottnn vasa amaned to one a black snake crawling in. Seizing a pointer he immediately gave battle and in natort time the snake wts desn patched and orelorrostored. This goes to show that snakes are mnore numerous than usual this summer as the eechool is situated in the heart of the town, and according to reports from outaide localities people travelling about the reildocks will require to be more than ordinarily careful. An intimation has been received by the Premier from the Military department of the Indian Government that 1414 ro mounts would be requirod fortlho Britishl armyin India during the year 18950.9. Of these 735 are to be delivered in Cal cutta, 317 in 'iadras, andi 235 in Bombay, that being the limit of the requirements as far as Ausaralian horous are cuncernod. Thobalanco will be Persians asid Arabs. Remount depots will be opened at the above places on 1st November, 1895. Horses and snare d all breeds will be received, but they must be within the prescribed ago-from 4 to G years, and from 14.3 to 10 hands higih. The average price has beeoon fixed at £45, payable in rupees at the Indian port of purlmseo. The Premier speaking to a deputation from Colac Shire in reference to the Municipal Subsidy, said :-" I am afraid l can hold out no hope that you willget the half year's subsidy, due in September at th old rate. If we givoe it in onecaso we must do so in all, and that would mean a total of £55,000 for the half year. We propose to reluce the subsidy from £310,000 down to £200.000. We propose to make the reduction as light as possible ontheo poorer shires, and will probably wipe it out altogether on the cities towns and buoroughs. Then we will take 40 or 0 per cont. oelf the poorer ones. I cannot hold out any hope that you will got a larger amourst, for I simply have not the money to pay it with. Ieoa no prospect of being able to give up £51,000. I quite agree the poorer shires should he lot oft as lightly as posslble in any future retroench mnent, but that is the only encouragemont I canll hold out to you." Thie Moo creamery is now putting through about 600 gallons of milk daily. The Trafalgar factory and conjunctive creameries separated 28,058 gallons during the last four weeks, an increase of 8000 gallons as compared with the corresponding period last year The roevenue of Noe?w Soumith Wales for lst week allowed a decreasno of L13,027 as compared with the corres pending weekl of last year. The chief decreases were stamps LG5661. ad rail ways L7145. For the period from the 1st January to the 27th October there lans hoen a comparativo decrease' of LIGG,I16. At West Alberton, on Saturday, a publio meooting passned resolutions in oppositionto the urcmoval of the poast office to Gelliondlale station, oas hais. been requested by petition. A counter petition in favor of :retnining the pose oflceeat West Alberton will be for. warded i to, the. Postmaster Oeneral through the member for tile district. A meeting of the Omeo lShiro Coutn dil on Saturday decided tC accept the offlr of the Government to contribute pound for pound to the cost of com 'ploting the Tambo Valley road for £1000, provided that the Government will grant another £1000, for which the council would cdhtribute at the rate of 10s for each pound. It was stated that no shiro in the colpny has such ant expensive road to maintain as the 90 tiles between Bruth6it hatd tilen Wills. The doolgardio " Mitier" facttidusly relitarks'-"There is do truth what. over itl the rumor that ti Hung dhung or the Chineso Emperor has been seen difyblowing out at Hannthn's, Firstly, it Chinesd hamboo dryblwer would not standl the ghost of a shoti here, as tile W. A. Parliament would tax thu stuf fing out of it, and s!condly, any Government person who would issue atiners' rights to lop eared and pig tailed delestials, with hooked nails, would get six hours in whidh to leave the field." Major General A, B. Ifullbch, the prisent Military Comuandant, whonso term of service will expire on 31st December, will leave Victoria on 3rd Novembot. General Tullochl hs taken his passage in the P. and 0. steamer Victoria which lonves Meloourne on that date. Captain White, It. N., the Naval Commandant and Lieutenant Colonel Dean.Pitt, R.A., the ollicer uommanding Victorian Artillery, will leave by the Orient liner Ophir for England oh 24th November. The programme of the sessioi opened on etesday taken in a nutshell is as fdllows l=" Reduction in salaries and in the municipal endowment; taxes on unimproved land values, absentees and incomes, removal of primago duties, intercolonial free trade, reforms in public accounts and in management of trust funds, railway construction, mallee settlement enlcouragement, and coams patties law amendment. We have received the November number of that widn.spread magazine, the Australian .ournnl, which is year by year making rapid strides in int. provement. The serial tales are well written, as also the shorter ones. The Ladies'Page has bean made more at. tractive by the introduction of afnslhion plate which gives greater effect to the notes on this pleasing topic to ladica. Tihat interesting series Early Days of Victoria is still continued, Poetry, Fun and Fancy oel., tako up arn ex cellent number. On Sunday last, Rev. Is Teit preached a sermon at Newry Church on the death of the late MIr Robt. Clement, who was one of the mtnagers of the church, and on Sunday evening at the Maffra Preshyterian Church, the rev. gentleman tools the same text for his sermon, 2nd Timothy slet clhapt. and 10th verse, the diacourse being a most learned and interesting olne, and most appreciated iby an attentive audience. The hymnn wore well selected Icaring on the subject, tand well rendered by the choir, as well as by the audience, the organ' boing splendidly played by Miss Morisoh. Thu talk of the present dlay is what will win the Melibourne COp ? Themr is still a more important question. Whero can I got the best value for my nmnony in order to cope with the existing depression. The question may be easily solvell by paying a visit to A. M?Insa and Co's. whore goods are sold it the vary lowest rates.-jAdvt]. 