THEYOUNQ FOLKS. Two-tailed Timothy. A Fascztul STOEF, Timothy was a lizard with two-UHs. They had the appearance of a fork ; and, because no other lizards who lived along the castle wall could boast of more than one tail, Timothy was exceedtnriv Broad of hinadf. He could not run any faster than hiB com panions, or catch flies in a more elegant way, but because of his tails he gave himself such airs that really it was almost past endurance. The lizards who lived in the ivy on the wall grew tired of Two-tailed Timothy. As a i curiosity he was all very well, and stuffed and put in a museum he would have been delight ful; but as it was they found Timothy, with his airs and graces, rather too much for their serves. One day a fashionable lady lizard gave a htrthdayparto on the sonny aide of the wall, and everybody who was in society went to it, including Timothy. At this party the lizards, nimble as they were, got caught ; about half-a- dozen escaped, but the rest were captured in a net by two English boys wbo had been prowling about the old wall for some time. Some of the lizard 6 were so frightened that their tails dropped off. The boys examined their unfortunate cap tives, and one of them cried with astonish ment: "Look at that fellow, Jack; why, if be hasn't got two tails I We'll keep him, won't we?" " So he has 1" exclaimed the other boy ; 14 that's a queer thing ! And look here, Fred, this one's a fine one ; let's keep the twe and throw the others away." 44 All right," said Jack ; and away went the rest of the lizards, some with tails and some without, but all delighted to get off any how. Timothy and the lizard Patriarch, the head of the colony, were put in a kind of cage which the boyB constructed for them ; and there they had plenty of time to bemoan themselves. The Patriarch wept because he felt that it was hard, at his time of life, to be caught by a couple of boyB ; and Timothy pined for the joyB of liberty, tine sunny waif, and the juicy flies that were no longer within reach of a snap. Alas ! his tails had been his undoing. Without them he might have passed unnoticed, and been again a free and happy lizard. The Patriarch was fond of lecturing young people, and telling them what he did at their age, hut, as the juvenile lizards could run faster than he could, it wu not often that he could males them attend to him. Bnt now there was Timothy at hand and, fhw-wmtched . TtobftmtdiUbtwcapfe. ' \- The Patriarch talked and talked to audi pur pose that at the end of -two d&yB; Timothy was positively limp, without energy enough to snapupaffy. The boyB said he was sully, and tried to inane him lively by poking with bits of etick, which did not, however, have the desired effect. Timothy sat all day long in a corner of the cage, and even his cherished tails ceased to give bim the dightest pleasure. I At last the Patriarch, who had been poking about the premises by way of amusing imnrelfj took pity npon his dejected fellow-sufferer. He went briskly up to him as he sat in his corner and gave htm a good thump. 44 You ought to be ashamed to at moping there, a young fellow like you!" cried the old gentleman. 44 Get away !" a&id; Timothy sulkily. 44 Yon ought to be ashamed of yourself, w pro- eeded the Patriarch, 44 when there is a hole at the hack of the cage that a thin lizard— mask me a thin slender lizard — might crawl through at a pinch." 44 what !" cried Timothy, springing up, 41 a hole? Did you say a hole P" 1 44 1 did meutiou the word hole," replied the Patriarch, marching off : 4< it is a hole that's of no use to me, for I am too stout to crawl through it, so I will give it to you. You can get through, unless those ridiculous stop you." Timothy's heart fell when he discovered how extremely smell was the hole in question ; yet a desperate longing for liberty took possession of him. He went to his companion and told his ! difficulty ; histoids were in toe way. 44 Bite them off, then!" returned the Patri- nrrfr, with cruel wiIiiithwh, Timothy shivered ; never could he adopt such a terrible remedy, and he timidly asked whether there were no other way. " Well, then is one other method," ad mitted the Patriarch. " Supposing yon could he well frightened, your tails— perhaps one, perhaps bow— might drop off. You recollect what happened to our friends the day we were cAughtr1 Yes, Timothy, with a thrill of hope, remem bered the loose, wriggling tails; and he sat down meekly by the Patriarch, and asked him to be so gooa as to frighten him well. 44 1 don't mind trying," answered thelattef , . kindly; and he began to relate the most start ling tales he could think of, while Timothy tried as hard as he could to be frightened. The Patriarch talked and talked, but the lizard's tails ehowed no signs of alarm; they were most hardened, obstinate tails 1 Tbenthe dnafc fell, and the Patriarch took to ghost stories. His voxoe got dower and lower, and drowsier and. drowsier, the. old gentleman jnnmUed; "rniflthfilast.otae — famad-aoad— and— raid— Bo!" Tine the Patriarcli positively Shouted, s sodden spring cfTImofojr vrifo eyes. The young lizard was so taken tv sur prise that fie jomped up in the air, end, joy, joy! his toils dropped off!' "Ah!" said his companion, "I '-bought I should manage to frighten younnmihoyr. Now he off, my yonng friend, and mind yon reool- lect oil the good advicelhave given yon." Timothy scampered to the hole, squeezed himself throngh ; then away he went, a free, though taiHees, lizard. In course of timehis tails grew again, and even longer and mors 'elegantly taper then hefora ; Whereat Timothy rejoiced exceedingly, hot was kept ftnmble jiy the remembrance of his former calamity. He lived to a good eld age, and was always re garded hy everybody s one of the cmioafiesbf the neighborfabod.--SHKiiA, in " Little Folks:" 