FICTION TURNING THE TABLES. "Ms. Stanhope/' said the President of the Internationa!, Safe Trust, and Deposit Company, as he stopped on his way out of the. institution, opposite the cashier's desk, addressing the latter in rather a loud tone, so that his words could be heard through the glass partition, that separated them, " I am obliged to go into the country, to look up some of the mining property that ■we are interested in there. I shall take the last train to-night, and shall probably be away for weeks. Next Thursday we will make a settlement with the Peterby and I wish you would get the watchman to let you into the vault some night before the day of settlement, so that you can look \- over the securities and make an inventory of them. I wouldn't ask you to do this extra work if I could delegate anyone else for the purpose. It will take a matter of three or four hours to examine all the se curities, and as you will he kept pretty busy here in business hours—particularly during my absence—you'll have to take a \- night for the extra work." " All right," answered Stanhope. " I'll attend to the matter, and speak to Michael to-night, so that he can be prepared-to let me in. Good-bye, sir, and a safe and pros perous journey!" "Thank you!" said the President, and he walked out. As he passed by the desk of the paying teller he noticed a man, very quietly dressed, who was getting a large note changed into bills of small denomination. The man seemed to be deeply interested in the business in band; but, brushing past, Mr. Comnnskey saw him raise his head and throw a sharp, searching glance through the glass partition at Cashier Stanhope. There was something in the stranger's face that reminded the President very strongly of his trusted employee, and the coincidence so impressed him that he turned his head two or three times on his way to the door to get another view of the man. The stranger, meanwhile, counted the bills which he had received in exchange for the large note, thanked the teller for the accommodation, and folding them in •a neat and compact bundle, placed them in an inner pocket. " I beg pardon!" he said, addressing the teller again. " Have you drinking water in the building ? It is hot and dusty out side, and I am very thirsty." " Filtered water just down the corridor. Help yourself," said the teller. And the man walked in the direction pointed out. The filter was a few feet below Casbier Stanhope's desk. "While the man sipped a glass of water, ■which he did very slowly and deliberately, he took more careful note of the cashier's features. Then he walked out of the building, giving the paying-teller a good-natured nod as he passed. On his way home that day, after the close of business, Cashier Stanhope stopped j at the house of the company's night watch man, Michael Mooney. He and Cashier Stanhope were great friends, the bond of sympathy between them, being a mutual fondness for bull dogs, of which the cashier had several, and .Michael was the proud owner of one—Zip by name—which was particularly savage and belligerent. In answer to the cashier's ring, the ■watchman himself came to the door. At sight of his friend his face brightened. " And is it you, Mi-. Stanhope ?" he said, cheerily. "Come in. I'm just taking a bite to eat before going down to the bank." " Thank you," said Stanhope. " But Fm anxious to get home to dinner myself. I only stopped to tell you that next Wednes day night I'll be down to the hank about eight o'clock, and I want you to he on hand and let me in when I ring. Mr. Commis key is going away for a couple of weeks, and he asked me to go over the bonds and securities that are in keeping beloaging to the Peterby heirs, with whom we make a settlement on Thursday." "All right, sir; I will let you in," said MiehaeL "How are the dogs?" " Fine as silk," was the answer. " And Zip f' "He took the mange about a week ago, aud I have sent him to a fancier's to be cured. He'll be all right in a day or two. I'll bring him up to the bank on Wednes day night." " Do," said Stanhope. "Fd like to see him. Do yon think he'll be friendly and remember me ?" " Indeed be will, sir! Zip never forgets a Mend, or a foe, for that matter. He'd know you if you was painted .up like a red Indian." "Well, remember, Wednesday night," -said Stanhope, and he walked away. He had to go a little out of bis way to get to the restaurant this night, and he walked briskly so as not to miss his dinner. A pedestrian on the other side of the street kept pace with him until they came to a business thoroughfare, when he crossed, and kept close to the cashier's heels. When Stanhope reached the restaurant -where he was accustomed to stop, he poshed ■open its swinging doors; the man followed him, and was the first to reach the bar. "Ah, Mr. Stanhope!" he said, tinning 'to face Arthur, " just in time! Join me." "Thank you," said Arthur, not recog nising the man as an acquaintance, but imagining him one of the company's cus tomers ; " if you will take a cigar with me afterwards. I confine myself to one drink a day." "Same here!" said the man, cheerily. " I find that it helps me, after a day's work, and as I never, abuse it, it does me no barm. Did Mr. Commiskey get away to-day ? He told me yesterday that be was going into the country for a short time." "He leaves by the last train,' was the . answer. ^nd then when the barman returned with the glasses the two men drank their liquor. After this they had cigars, and walked up the street together. ■ The next night they met again at the . same place, and the night following, and the night after that. They became quite friendly, in fact, and Arthur was not at .all surprised when, upon leaving his .lodg ings at about half-past seven o'clock on the night that he was to examine the Peierby securities, he came face to face with his new-made friend, turning a corner a short distance from his home. They greeted each other, and stopped for a few minutes to talk. "By the way, said the man, finally, "a business friend of mine in Scotland sent me a gallon of whisky to-day. It beats the world. I'd like to give you a little flafi, and if you're not in too much of a hurry, I'll get it for you to-night. I have quarters a few doors down the street." " I have only a minute to spare," said Arthur, looking at his watch. "I'm due at the bank at eight o'clock, and I always like to be to time." "My say also. I always like to keep an appointment to the minute. I won't de tain you a second," said the man. And taking Arthur's arm, they walked halt way down the street, halting finally in front of a select boarding-house that was well known to the cashier. The man opened the front door with a latchkey, and ushered Arthur into a room on the second floor, in which the gas was burning dimly. When the light was turned up, the cashier noticed that the apartment was furnished luxuriously, yet in good taste, being separated from another room, pro bably a bedchamber, by heavy velvet cur- I tains. | " Excuse me a moment," said the man ; and he disappeared into the inner room, j while Arther turned to examine the choice engravings that hung against the wall. So engrossed was he that he did not hear a light footfall; but suddenly his arms were pinioned to his sides, and a sack or bag of some thick material was thrown over his head and made fast around his neck. ■ He struggled to escape, and endeavoured to cry for help; but when he opened his month he was nearly suffocated by the fumes of chloroform which exuded from a sponge saturated with the anaesthetic which was in the bag that confined his head, and pressed closely against his nostrils and mouth. He was of slender build, and no match physically for the athlete who held him as in a vice. His senses began to leave him, and his struggles grew fainter. Finally his head dropped to one side, and the man laid him upon the fioor, removed the hag from his head, and placed a gag in his mouth. Then, after emptying the cashier's pocket's, the man bound him securely hand and food; and lifting him in his arms, bore him into the inner room, and laid him on the bed. That trick was neatly played," the man muttered, as he came out into the main room; and after lighting a reading lamp, gathered up the articles taken from the cashier's pockets and proceeded to examine them. There was a bunch of keys, several letters and cards, two or three pounds in money, a gold watch, and a memorandum book. He slipped the keys into his pocket, and exchanged his own timepiece for Arthur's watch and chain. Then he care fully scanned the pages of the memoran dum-book. It was arranged in diary form, with a page for every day in the year. On the J top line of each there was a cabalistic ar- ) rangement of letters and numbers. I Turning to the last entry, the 23rd of | November, an exclamation of satisfaction I escaped him " K "was as I thought," he said. " This j is the vault-lock combination. It is changed every day. The safes inside are of ordinary make, and my skill will soon open them." "He placed the memorandum-book in his pocket, and re-entered the room where his prisoner lay. Lighting the gas, and ! sitting down by the bedside, he carefully : studied the features of the cashier, who was still unconscious. I Then, with a box, such as is used by * actors for holding the pigments and other paraphernalia necessary in mak-ing Up thf.;. faces, in his lap, and with a sumll mirror before him, he skilfully touched up his features until they were the counterpart of the cashier's. , Aha!" he said, with a chuekling laugh. * ^°u yourself in rather an uncomfort able position. Sorry to leave you, hut I have business down at the bank. You'll rest here very comfortably, until the chambermaid eornes to-morrow morning to fix up the room. You'il probably feel a little weak and in need of a drink when someone unties you, so I'll leave that flask of whiskey out on the table for you. Help yourself. Ta-ta!" Putting on Arthur's hat, and with a stout leather bag, which was evidently heavy, in his hand, the assailant of the cashier, left the apartments, locking the door behind him, and hurried on to the bank. Meanwhile Michael Mooney, with Zip, the bull-dog, in leash and closely muzzled j -for the animal had an unfortunate habit I of nipping at the legs of passers-by —bad reached the bank building, relieved the day watchman, and made himself com fortable for tbe night. Zip, who had been released from leash and muzzle, lay down at his feet, and to the dog, Michael thus addressed himself. " Zip, if we had the one-ten-thousandth part of what's in that vault, we'd be fixed for life. But I guess we'll never have it. A bank watchman ain't paid no princely salary, and by the time the girls are married and the little ones are big enough to look after themselves, I will be too old to begin to save money. If I had, say, .£250, now, Zip, I'd marry Nellie O'Brien to-morrow, get a little shop in a good neighbourhood, and between that and the bank we'd make out famously, and the folks at home would he as well taken care of as they are now, and " But his further meditations were inter rupted by a sharp whirr of a bell in the banking-room upstairs. At the sound he sprang to his feet, and laid away his pipe. " It's Mr. Stanhope," he said. " Lie down there, Zip!" And he hurried uj> the stairs to adroit the cashier. Is it you, Mr. Stanhope," he asked, through the big keyhole in the massive front door. ' ^esa Michael. Open up!" came the answer, and the watchman swung the door open. " You're a little late, sir," he said, glancing at the clock in the rear of the banking-room. " I was detained," said the bogus Stan hope, dropping his bag, and thrusting his hands into his pockets. As Michael turned to relock the door, the man's hands were quickly withdrawn from his pockets, upraised and suddenly descended. A weapon that had been pro vided for just this emergency fell upon the watchman's head with a dull thud, and, without a groan, he sank to the marble floor. "Ah, that was neatly done?" joyfully ejaculated the man. And with a stout cord he bound Michael as he had previously bound the cashier, and placed a duplicate of a gag in his mouth that had prevented Arthur from criying out for help. Then, dragging Michael's unconscious body to one side, he descended the stairs that led to the vault-room. A few seconds' manipulation of the knob on the door of the vault, guided by the cabalistic letters and figures that he had found in Arthur Stanhope's diary, caused the lock to respond, and the ponderous door swung open. He stepped inside the vault and struck a match. As the light flickered out, there came a muffled growl from the depths of the vault-room, and Zip, with gleaming fangs and flashing eyes, bounded towards the robber. " Curse the brute!" snarled the man. And to protect himself from this unex pected foe, he pulled to the big lock door. As it swung into place he heard some thing click, and a cry of horror escaped hini With trembling fingers he struck an other match and lighted the gas jet. Then he cautiously pushed against the door. It did not yield to the pressure, and he pushed harder. It remained as firm as adamant, and horrible curses and impreca tions fell from the imprisoned man's lips. "Caged, trapped, like the fool that I am!" he cried; "and my tools are all out side. The bolts fell into place when the door closed." And then, with a howl of anguish, he threw his body again and again against the steel barrier. He cursed, shouted, and prayed by turns, but the sound of his voice went no farther than the steel walls of the vault. Finally, in sheer desperation, he threw himself on the floor, lamenting his hard luck. Meanwhile, Michael Mooney returned to consciousness; and, realising that he had been duped, and that the treasure that he was supposed to guard was in jeopardy, he struggled desperately to break the bonds that bound him. He writhed and squirmed, and pulled and tugged, and finally, after what seemed hours of exertion, succeeded in loosing one i of his hands. To completely relel|e himself and remove the gag from his mouth was now an easy matter. He got upon- his feet with great difficulty, for a horrible pain was shooting through his brain. He felt faint and dizzy, and his limbs were stiff and sore. Cocking his revolver, he crept down the stairs into the vault-room. Zip, who bad been crouched before the vault door, bounded forward to meet him, and then ran back with a savage growl. Michael saw the burglar's leather bag upon the floor, and then the situation was plain to liiui. "Thank Heaven!" he ejaculated. " The poor, misguided young man has trapped himself, and the funds of the hank are safe." He pounded on the vault door, and the burglar, hearing the sound, sprang up and began to hammer the barrier on his side with all his strength. " Open ! open!" he shouted. But Michael heeded him not. Leaving Zijj on guard, the watchman hurried hack upstairs, and sounded the district telephone call for a policeman. Presently there was a sharp whirr of the electric bell, and, revolver in hand—for his late experience had taught him caution Michael opened the street- door. Instantly Cashier Stanhope sprang in. The watchman recoiled from him as though confronted by a ghost. "Mr. Stanhope!" he ejaculated. "I thought—I thought " And then, in. his joy, he broke down com pletely and began to sob. " The robber! the robber!" cried Stan hope, much excited. Safe locked in the vault, with Zip on guard. Thank Heaven if s not you!" an swered Michael. Then he explained how he had been de ceived, and picked up the weapon with which he had been knocked unconscious. "While they were talking, an officer ar rived, in answer to the alarm call. Cashier Stanhope told his story. After the departure of the robber, he had man aged to wriggle from the bed to the floor, hound-as he was, and, rolling over and over, had at last reached the door of the outer room. On its panels he kicked with his heels, and the noise attracted the attention of one of the chambermaids, who was just then passing through the hall. It so happened that this chambermaid was none other than Uellie O'Brien, Michael Mooney's sweetheart, and, being a courageous girl, she unlocked the door. When she saw the cashier's plight,' she screamed for help. Several of the inmates of the house came to her assistance. j They released Stanhope. He quickly told his story, and borrowing his late cap tor's hat, he harried with all speed to the bank. They could not imagine how the burglar had been foolish enough to lock himself in J the vault, but Michael explained the matter. "It was all Zip's doings, I think, sir," j he said. " The fellow deceived me, for I thought that it was you, Mr. Stanhope. ' He eouldn't deceive old Zip, though." The policeman sent in a call for a patrol; waggon; and when it arrived, all went down to the vault, and the cashier, who re membered the combination, unlocked the | vault door. | The burglar made no resistance, and, handcuffed securely, was taken to the sta tion. He was recognised as an old offender j just out of prison, and, being convicted of I this last offence, was sent back to prison, j under a long sentence. J The newspapers published columns about his singular capture, and among other il- • lustrations which accompanied the article j was a portrait of Zip, the bulldog. The board of directors rewarded the dog's j master with a present of £500, and Mr. j Commiskey, out of his private pocket, com- j pletely furnished a neat house in a new ! neighbourhood, on the ground floor of j which the watchman set up a grocery shop, which his mother and sisters, and Miss j Nellie O'Brien, now Mrs. Mooney, look , after. ■ Cashier Stanhope still smokes his after- I dinner cigar; but he is now more careful who he drinks whiskey with. —C. A. K., in Magazine of Short Stories. (Abridged.) 