THE JAUNTED L4G00N. BY JAMES a. O'DONOGHUE. OE-3 evccitng in the Konih of OcfoWr. and in the ninth dec»Je i<f the present ceQtury-, the nieteorok<gical condiiions of Eflture being apparently favourable for a successful haul of tke viscous and Bgiie •creatures commo®iy called e<-ls, but •wiiicb scicntific ssen sdorn with the high souccling appellation of " marsipobranchu, " mecuing " pouch giUed, 1 ' old Mho, a weU- tnown identity, and an •ancient resident of the town of Traral- gon, in company with foar other ma'^niline representatives of the human race of somewhat tender years, wended his way towards «ne of the many lagoons that are to be fonnd in the viciaity of the \- Latrobe. Old Mac had the reputation of being a kind of local " Isaac Walton." and from constant and prolonged application -to his fovourite pastime, had attained some degree of proficiency in the art of piscation, and the delicate manipulations essential to the successful management of the rod. It was, therefore, with that sensibility conceived of intuition and strengthened by pist experiences, that caused the old man on this evening oL evenings to promise his companions 'good • " — A oritk walk ot an houi jjiuug-ht them to the lagoou chosen as the scene - of the evening's diversion. The lagoon had been in bygone days aii old river bed, and in all probability by the action of the water overflowing its banks and securing out a fresh chsnnel, the old cocrss had become in time, through the accumulation of silt and other debris, eptirely cut ofi from communication with the main stream. The still currentless body of water thus favoured the thick growth of aquatic plants that floated on its bosom and environed its sides, whilet its dark and locrny banks gave plenteous nourishment to the many varied vegetable representatives with which they were invested. The lagooD, like the ultimate destination of man, was the subject of much speculation, in which a ghost mounted on a coal black steed figurd conspicuously. The exact gender, and outlines jf this portentous shape, the time, aud manner of its appearance always proved a subject for discission, full ot speculation, interest, and contradiction to those who held dissident views. Thus it was that the çjear waters of the lagoon had ue'r mirrowed the reflection of the patient angler, nor had its placid bosom been disturbed by the fowler's dog. Both sportsmen alike seemed to have shunned the haunted spot. It was never satisfactorily determined whether the spectral apparition was that of man or woman, and in all probability never will, but «ill always remain a mystery of mysterious nature, mid a Chinese pnzzic to those who endeavour to find the key of this inexplicable exigeais. The apparition according to the abnormal state of the brain, and the inrudacious powers of the individual that beheld ; t, assumed vM'ious shapes, as various perhaps as the theories advanced to account for its presence. Some believed that it was the spirit of a woman, who had been cast into the lagoon by a rejected lover, and bad found a watery sepulchre in its gloomy depths. This solution received the support of the softer sex, who yearning for an • morons episode, herein formed their ideal. Others maintained that the apparition was masculine, and quoted "Paradise Lost " to prove that spiriis when they please can either sex assume, but whether this hertnaphroditical transformation took plnce at the will of the spirit, or at the phrenetic imagination of the palsy stricken observer, they had no desire to ascertain, probably thinking that such a momentous question would be m.;re satisfactorily decided by scientific minds than by plebeian. The most proliable theory, and that which had the largest number of supporters, harmonized the presence of the apparition wiih the disappearance of a young lieutenant, «ho at the head of his companions—members of a warlike race living north of the Latrobe, and noted fur their pugnacity, made a descent on the town of Traralgon, but being îepuised and hard pressed by the victorious " Traralgonites," retreated precipitately towards the river. Night coming on prevented the pursuers from inflicting summary vengeuance on their antagonists, who taking advantage of nature's kind intercession made good their escape. The young lieutenant in his solicitude for the remnant of his shattered forces, blundered into the lagoon, and after a desperate struggle for life, both horse aDd rider disappeared for ever beneath the troubled waters. The spirit of the rider, however, not being satisfied wiih its aqueous quarters and the fate that bad overtaken its fleshy receptacle. Nimrod like, restriies that of its equine com- panion. and rising to the surface ef the water careers madly on its phantom eteed .over the crespitous soil of the river flats, till the advent of dawn pro- ' claims that its erratic, peregrinations ' most cease. Then with a wild rush it plunges into the lagoon, and vanislies among the smegmatic foam raised by its immersion. There are times we are told when the most reckless are struck with a fueling or awe, when the blood seems to chill, and the heart seems to cease beating, and all physical power appears to be gone when the soul 13 startled, and the checks are blanched, and each function appears under the influence 0" some indescrible paralysis. Old M«c was well acquainted with the glmstly traditions attached to the lagoon in which he declared to fish, but having a supreme contempt for all unmaterialissd spirits, he was not affected by any of these symptoms on reaching the sedgey edges of the haanted water -, * or if so he did not condescend by look or gesture to show thera. On the co.itrary he busied himself with his lines, and bade his companions do the same. For several minutes the rattle or bait tine, the plump of sinkers, and the splash of fl jats alone broke the stillness. The mosquitoea being in rather a warlike moodjmade the presence of a fire almost an absolute necessity. The old man, therefore, gathered some white gam bark, and «yith the assistance of the drift wood lying on the bank soon had s genial blaze, his .companions following the example set them, likewise kindled s fire. ÎJow being at peace with the uioîquitces themselves and the world in general, they sat down and patiently awaited t'.ie disappearance of the floats. One of the yotfvi'.Ful members of the parîy bavi'ig a -strong penchant ter iiiUsic, and ihiuking thai K ti..te SO would not be t-nt of plact; in or<ie t to mitigate the ruotoncus chant of the Trugs, drew » mouth organ, with which IK? had the ^ood sense and foresight to provide hraiself from his pocket, and after a few preliminary outbursts of melody that would have doue credit to j Orphe'u-% he glided off like water from ] a ^uck'^ bsck into that old " ninety | e;g}, t " revolutionary tone the " UisÏD< of the Monn." As the moon in their case lud reacned its zenith, the piece was not in accordance with (he surroundings. The only revolutionary feelings shown by the party was the continual rising of the hands, which remained suspended for an instant snl then descended with the force of a sledge hammer on the back of some nnsu=pect ins mosquito complete!}' revolutionizing its anatomy. As the music went echoing across the rippling moonlit waii rs, the effect, though i;ot in accordance wiih musical harmony was high in the extreme, ;iiid soothed tLeir feelings, which were somewhat srre from ihe constant application of the lancet and blood pump. As all was going merrily as the proverbial" mainsgE fceii the ri)U5 : c su denly ceased, and both the musician and his three ravished listeners came tumbling towards "eld Msc" like a drove of startled calves, and hid them- si Ives behind the wattles, ti-tree, and other shrubs that afforded the slightest shelter. To the old man's astonished inquiry as to the cause of the stampede, he received the trembling answer " Something is coming." Like a flash his thoughts reverted to the legendary stories connected with the lagoon. With an involuntary motion of his hand lie grasped the gun lying by his side, and drawing back the hammers, waited in breathless expectation for the appearance of the nocturnal rambler. The muffled sound that first attracted atieation, again disturbs the stillness. It seems like the footfali of a horse, so regulsi is the intonation. Nearer and nearer tiic sound approaches. The suspense is sickening. Five psir of expansive pupils are directed towards the spot whence the sound appears to come. " Is it the ghrit " asked the Lieutenant of the party, who with blanched face and quivering lips cowered down beside the old man. Before tin's general remark could be answered, a portentous shape, motionless, and ercct, was seen on the opposi'e side of the water, outlined clear, and dark against the starry sky. F'or i short space it rtmained thus, during which time the palsy stricken fishers could trace by the aid of the light from the fires the outlines.of a man and horse. Then advancing to the txt-reme edge of the water it haltfd. SuJdenlv a voice partaking in its abruptness more of the military " twang than that of the civilian, and which critics, judging by the pronunciation, would have no hesitation in saving proceeded from the lips of a Victorian, demanded " Who's fishin' ? "' To this interrogation no answer was returned by the terror—stricken followers of Isaac Walton, who wi;h stilled breath and expansive mouth watched every motion of the ghostly eqnestr-an. Once more the voice io sterner emphasis demanded " WHO'S fishin' ?"' n It was never clearly k own how it happened, whether by accident or design, but as if in answer to this stern mandate the sharp detonation of a gunshot rang out across the water with startling suddenness. The report seemed to dissipate ttie charm that enthralled Barney—the musician, who throughout the whole ol this nerve testing encounter held the organ pressed against his lips, for he immediately proceedrd to reel off the '• Marseillaise Hymn."' This warlike march coupled with the gunshot, probably led the phantom Lieutenant to suppose that his foes, the bloodthirsty d-.-fenders of Traralgon, were at hand, and his conragn not being equal to the encounter he planned into the water, and amid a jjhosjjliorous like glow ranishel. He had barely touched the bottom wheu tlie pale moon shed iier silvery light on tl e !iv fleeling forms of the fi-!ier=, who m a -,-erv short time decidid io leave their lines, and the lagoon, and its contents for ever in the keeping iif the phantom Lieutenant, 