SPORTING. SPOUTING NOTES. By Tin Witirri.Kit. After an absenco of over 18 months from the racing track, the Melbourno Cup winner, Glunloth, made his reappearance iu the July Handicap, run at Fiemlngton on Saturday last. The Glenmarkie horse, who bore an aldermaiiic appearance, ran a bad last in the nice; but his running seemed to indicate that the infirm leg which Glculoth has lately * been afllicted with has disappeared, and that there is every likelihood of his standing a preparation for the chief handicaps of the spring campaign. 1 lie Sydney cross-country rider, P. Nolan, is singularly unlucky iu big events on tho l1 lcuiington course. In the Graud National Hurdle Race in 1892 his mount Satyr fell, and in tlie next year's National the same horse came down with him. In this year's race lie had the mount on Bcttina, who came to grief and injured herself so severely that she had to be destroyed. To complete the chain of misfortunes, Nolan got a fall off Anarrow in the Open Handicap Hurdle Race on Saturday, the horse in this case also being destroyed. Anarrow was by Presto from ZiMiobiii, and won a number of goad races, , his performances this season including the I winning of hurdle races at ;the Turf Club aiul Tattcrsall's Club meetings in Sydney and the Epsom Hurdle Uace in Melbourne. Uy winning the July Handicap at Flcniing on Saturday, Theodore lias incurred a penalty of 31b. in the Caullicld Cup, which will bring his weight up to 7st ltllb. Cressy, Salient, Devon, Question, and Glenlolli, who finished behind Theodore, are also in the Caullicld Cup, and Halienl, Devon, IJuestion, ami Glenlolli are in the Melbourne Cup. Caullicld Cup candidates in Tyras, Tassy, Wantagong, and La Gloria finished behind Erl King in the Lawn Handicap. Nominations for the three principal races ol the programme for the Pony and Gallo way lace meeting to be held ou Saturday next are due for lodgment with the promoters, Mcl-sis. Power and M'Alister, not later tl.au S p.m. this evening. Daimio, the winner of the V.l'.C. Grand National Steeplechase, was bred in Gipps laml and is by Swivelter (sire of tlie Mel bourne Cup winner, Mentor) from Butterfly II., whose pedigree is a myth ; but his caieer previous to his succcss ill the cross-country Dei by was not very distinguished. The first race in which Daimio — who, by-lhe-by, was then known by the name of Piper— started was a Hunter's Steeplechase at Epsom, in Oetubcr, l.s'J], but he was beaten by Mr. Bon's horse Snip. Ou that occasion Daimio ran iu the nomination of Mr. Hubert I'. Keogh, but immediately afterwards Mr. Godfrey Watson bought him and resold hiin to his present owneis, who are perhaps better known in the hunting field than on the racecourse. Hidden by Sir. 0. Gibson, Daimio then ran second ti Timoni in the Woodland's Amateur Steeplechase at the Oak lunds Hunt Club meeting at Caultield in July, IK'.i'i. ln September he ran third to Black Doctor and Norali in the Pointto point Steeplechase at Woodlands, and wound up the season by winning the Oak land Hunt Club Cup at Cnullield. Daimio was then turned out at Monomeith, and, as he was only taken up again three months ago, Mr. Frew had hut a short time to prepare him ; out the result shows that the trainer did full justice to his charge. Daimio did most of his work under the tuition of J. A. Brewer and it was understood that he would steer him in tlie Grand National ; but ultimately for some reason or other, Brewer preferred to ride Frantic, and so surrendered the mount to Burke, who rode Eaglet to victory in the same race in A week ago Daimio touehed 1 1)0 to 7, and although on the eve of the race he receded to 1W to 5 (at which odds he was backed to win nearly JiluOO) he was by no means a good horse for the members of the magic circle, who would have been much better suited by the victory of Cerberus, whose forward position caused general surprise. Tlie owners of the winner won nothing beyond the stake. In Japan the word Daimio signifies a ' great land owner,' and is applied to the territorial nobility. hi a field ot fourteen, Cobargo was genuinely supported for the Pace Welter Handicap, run at the Warwick Farm meeting on Saturday, starting second favourite. Tho overrated soil of Bargo, who carried Bst 7 lb, was never dangerous, and finished in the rear rank. The local colt, lieady Money, did not start in the Warwick Farm Handicap on Satur day. The Grand National Hurdle liacc winner, Apsley, gave convincing testimony on Satur day last, in support of his claim to bo re garded us one of the clacks over light limber in the colonies. In the Open Hurdle llace run at L'lemiugton on Saturday, the Grand National winner conceded lumps of weight lu a good field of horses, most ot whom he defeated in the race of the previous Saturday, 'out the extra loading which had been imposed upon the son of Wellington by reason of his previous success failed to prevent him, for when the run home loomed in view, nothing had a ghost of a show with him, eventually running home an easy winner in 4 miu. 2 sec. for the two mile trip run in the mud. 