building up a .magazine. 'JSew Yokk Tkihuxiv The (.-lection of H. Bnuicticrc to bo tlio editor of the " Rome dps Deux Mondos marks an epoch in tlio history of that well-knownperiodical. Hitherto, through out practically its whole career, it has been under tiie sway of what lias been dubbed the Buloz dynasty. Francois Buloz was for many years the absolute arbiter of its fortunes, and after liim liis son Charles. But 111 the. hands of the latter the sceptre of authority at length wavered and then foil. A short time ago he was constrained to resign his editor ship altogether, amid circumstances neither pleasant nor croditable, and now the stockholders have chosen another man to ifill the place, and the name of Buloz will no more bo known where for two generations it was well-nigh omni potent. The famous review was founded about sixty-five years ago, in a far diffeicnt form from that in which it now appears. Externally it was decidedly pretentious, its cover bearing an elaborate design by Tony .Tolinnuot. This dis played two female figures—a North American Indian,scantily clad, and hold ing in her bands an olive branch ; and n French woman, in classic attire, leaning against a pillar on which wore inscribed the names of various illus trious men. These figures illustrated the significance of the title, " "Revue des Deux Henries." "Within, however, the •pono.iical «ul not luim xne prouuMj m its face. Its contents were confined exclusively to articles on travel 1111(1 geography, and these were not original, hut mere reprints from other publica tions, hooks, and papers. No wonder, then, that, thcvcnturewasunsucuessful. It struggled along for two or three years, and then, with a total subscription list of less tlmn fourscore, prepared to give up the ghost. .Tust as the supposedly last number was going to press, "however, a Clank called at the otliee. Ho would, at any rate, be termed a crauk in these days, lie was eccentric in bis notions, pug nacious in advocating them, obstinate to a degree; all around an uncommonly hard man to get on with. His name was Francois Buloz ; ho had recently come to Paris from Geneva, and he had some money to invest. When ho entered the "Revue" office lie found everyone suffering from the blues. They bad j 11 si finished : spelling the word " failure." "Rut what's the matter?" demanded the Gonnveso crank; "why don't von make the thing a success ?" "If you think that an easy task, by it, yourself," was the reply. 'Very well." responded 31. Buloz, " I'm ready. What will you take for it?" "Whatever you'll give ! " The concern was really worth nothing to its owners. " Good. I'll give you 500 francs. Is it a bargain ? "Very good ! With your permission T'll take charge of the place nt once." Ami so the Buloz dynasty was founded. Two great-changes were at once effected by IT. Tlnloz. Ho threw Tony tTohammt's picture into the waste-basket, end gave the review the severely simple cover it has over since worn, and he decreed that pen and ink should take the place of shears and the paste-pot,. He went to the University, and asked the leading members of tlio faculty to write articles, and to other eminent men on the same errand. They hesitated. The re view was dying, they said. But he assured them it was vary much alive, and would soon he the foremost magazino in Europe; and then he added that he was quite ready to pay good prices for contri butions in advance of publication. Thus he finally prevailed upon Guizot, Cousin, ' illemain, and others to write for him ; and their example led a host, of literary aspirants to seek 31. Buloz's patron age. J'anile pi,. Girardin, George Rand, Prosper ATcriinee. Alfred do 3russet Were presently enrolled on his list of eont nl in tors, and it began in look much :'s if I lie " Revue" were indeed to be come the leading literary periodical of Europe, The cranky editor felt sure of it, a"d began to give his crankiness full may. Never was autocra t more arrogant, "some of the best, writers in France he -? t '■ " pmdiups I'll print vonr article— " T find it good enough 1 But, I'll pay i<m nothing—not a sou. Surely you will no amply ropaid by the honor of laving your name appear in my " I?o voe-' Tti future, of eonr.se, if your work merits if , I may pay you for subsequent •" tides : hut not a sou for this." Was irie a revolt against such tyranny? On ie cent liny (bo best writers of France Competed with each other in their eager ness to write for the " Reviie" on those rins. Thus the magazine soon became 1 "J1 i'8 editor predicted. As for its "mril hi tors, they became immortal; for thirty years every man elected to the ""licli Academy was chosen from tlicir ranks. 