THE PEOPLE OF THE MIST BY H. RIDER' HAGGARD.. (CO.\'TWDED Filon SATURDAY LAST,) CHAPTER V, OTTER GIVES COUNSEL. When the funeral was over and Thomas Outram slept his last sleep beneath six feet of earth and stones, his brother took out the prayer-book that Jane Beach had given him, which in truth formed all his library, and read the burial service over the grave, finish- ing it by the glare of the lightning flashes. Then he and Otter went back to the cave and ate, speaking no word. After they had finished Leonard called to the dwarf who took his food at a little distance. Other." he said, setting the lantern between them, "you are a faithful man and clever in your way. I would tell you a story and ask you something. At the least," he added to himself in English, in such a matter your judgment is as good as mine." "Speak on, Daos," said the dwarf, my cars are open ; " and he squatted down on the further side of the lantern like some great road, watching his master's face with His black eyes. " Otter, the Haas who is dead and I came to this country some seven years ago. before we came here we had been rich men, chiefs in our own place, but we lost our kraals and cattle and lands ; they were sold, others took them and we became poor. Yes, we we who were But grew lean as trek oxen at the end of winter. Then we said to each other, ' Here we have no longer any home, the shame of poverty has come upon us, we are empty men of no account, also we are chiefs by blood, and' here we cannot let ourselves out to labour like the common people, lost both the common people and the nobles should make a mock of us. Our great stone kraal that has been ours for many generations is taken from us, others dwell in it strange women order it and their children shall move about the land. We will go away.'" "The blood is the blood," broke in Otter, " the wealth is nothing that comes and goes, but the blood is always the blood. Why did you not gather an imp, my father, and put these strangers to the spear and take your kraal again a " "In our land this may not be, Otter, for there wealth is more than blood. So we should have been brought to still greater shame. Riches alone could give us back our home and we had none left. So we swore an oath together, the dead Baas and that we would journey to this far land and seek to win wealth that we might buy back our I Lands and kraal and rule over them us in past years, and our children after us." " A good oath," said Otter, " but here we should have sworn it otherwise, and there would have been a ringing of steel about that kraal, not the chink of yellow iron." " We came, Otter, and for seven years we have laboured harder than the lowest of our servants ; we have travelled to and fro, mixing with many peoples, learning many tongues, and what have we found. The Baas yonder a grave in the wilderness the food that the wilderness gives no more." " A poor wage so far," said Otter. " Ah 1 the ways of my people are more simple and better. A red spear is brighter than the red gold, and, yes, it is more honest," "The wealth is union, Otter, and I have sworn to win the wealth or die. But last night I swore it again to him who lies dead." " It is well, Bass an oath is an oath, and true men must keep it. But riches cannot be gathered here, for the gold, most of it, is laid in those rocks that are far too heavy to carry, and who may charm gold out of the rock "-not all the wizards in Zululand. At the least you and I cannot do it alone, even should the fever Spare us. We must trek, Baas, and look elsewhere." "Listen, after, the tale is yet to tell. The Boas who is dead dreamed before he died, he dreamed that I should win the gold, that I should win it by the help of a woman, and he bade me wait here a while after he was dead. Say now. Otter, you who come of a people learned in dreams and are the child of a dream doctor, was this a true dream or a sick man's fancy ?" " Nay, Bros, who can tell for sure in the dwarf answered ; then pondered a while, drawing in the dust of the floor with his finger, and spoke again, " Yet I say that the words of the dead uttered on the edge of death shall come true, he promised that you should win the wealth ; you will win it by this way or by that, and once more the great kraal across the water shall be yours again, and the children of strangers shall wander there no more. Let us obey the words of the dead and bide here a while as he com- manded." Seven days had passed, and on the night of the Seventh Leonard Outram and Otter sat together once more in the little cave on Grave Mountain, for so they had named this fatal spot. They did not speak, though each of them was thinking after his own fashion, and both had cause for thought. They had been hunting all day, but killed nothing except a guinea fowl, most of which they had just eaten. It was the only food left them. Game seemed to have abandoned the district, at least they could find none. Since his brother's death Leonard had given up all attempt to dig for gold it was useless. Time find hung heavy on his hands, for a man can- not search all day for buck which are not. Gloom had settled on his mind also ; he felt his brother's loss more acutely now than on the day he buried him. Moreover, for the first time he suffered from symptoms of the deadly fever which had carried off his three companions. Alas ! he knew too well the meaning of this lassitude and nausea, and of the racking pain which from time to time shot through his head and limbs. That was how his brother's last sickness had begun. Would his days and in the same fashion? He did not greatly cure-he was reckless as to his fate for the hard necessities of life had left him little time or inclination to Kinross himself with spiritual doubts. And yet it was awful to think of. He rehearsed the whole scene in his mind again and yet again until it became a reality to him. He saw his own last struggle for life and Otter watching it. He saw the dwarf bearing him in his great arms to a lonely grave, there to cover him with earth, and then, with a sigh, to (see the haunted spot for ever. Why did he stop here to die of fever ? Because his brother had bidden him to do so with his dying breath ; because of a superstition, a folly which would move any civilised man to scorn. Ah there was the rub, he was no longer a civilised man ; he had lived so long with nature and savages that he had come to be as nature makes the savage. His educated reason told him that this was folly, but his instinct-that faculty which had begun to take the place of educated reason with him - spoke in another voice. He had gone back in the scale of life, he had grown primitive ; his mind was as the mind of a Norseman or an Aztec. It did not seem wonderful to him that his brother should have prophesied upon his dying bed ; it was even natural to him that he should believe in the prophecy and not upon it. And yet he knew that in all probability the only issue would be his own death. Those who have lived much with nature will in some degree be familiar with such sensations, for man and nature are ever at it strange variance, and each would shape the other to its ends. In the issue nature wing. Man boasts continually of his conquests over her, her instincts, her terrara, and her hopes. But let him escape from out his cities and the fellowship of his kind, let him be alone with her for a while, and where is his supremacy ? ne sinks back into her breast again, and is lost there is in time to be all his labours shall be lost. The grass of the field and the sand of the desert are more powerful than Babylon ; they were before her, they are after her and so it is with everything physical and moral in its degrees, for here a Copyright ISM In the United States officered, by 11. Rider Haggard. The right of publishing Hill work throughout the colonies of Australasia has been purchased by the proprietors of The Argus. nurse rules whom we human children most obey at last however much we may defy her Thus brooded Leonard as he sat, his hands in his pockets, and empty pipe between his teeth. Their tobacco was done, and yet he drew at the pipe, perhaps from habit. And all) the while Other watched him. " Baas," he said at length, you are Biak, Haas." "Norths answered, "that is, perhaps a little." ( "Yes, Baas, a little. You have said nothing, but I know, I who watch. The fever has touched you with his finger, by-and-by he will grip on with his whole hand, and then Boas-" ' " And then. Otter, good-night." " Yes, Baas, for you good night, and for me, what? Bans, you think too much, and you have nothing to do that is why you grow sick. Better that we should go and dig again." "What for, Other? And bear holes make good graves." " Evil talk, Bans. Better that we should go away and wait no more than that you should talk such talk, which is the beginning of death," Then there was silence for a while. "The fact is, Other." said Leonard presently, " we are both fools. It is useless for us to wait here with nothing to eat, nothing to drink, nothing to smoke, and only the lever to look forward to, expecting we know not what. But what does it matter ? Fools and wise men all come to one end. Lord I how my head aches and how hot it is 1 I wish that we had some quinine left I am going out," and he rose impatiently and left the cave. Often followed him. He knew where he would go to his brother's grave. Presently they were there, standing on the hither edge of a ravine. A cloud had hidden the face of the moon and they could see nothing, so they stood a while idly waiting for it to pass. As they rested thus, suddenly of moaning sound came to their ears, or rather a sound which, beginning with a moan, ended in a long low wail. "What is that?" said Leonard, looking towards the shadows on the further side of the ravine, whence the cry seemed to proceed. " I do not know," answered Otter, " unless it be a ghost, of the voice of one who mourns her dead." " We are only mourners here," said LPO ' land, and as he spoke once more the low and piercing wail thrilled upon the air. Just then the cloud passed, the moonlight shone out brilliantly, and they saw who it was that cried aloud in this desolate place. For there, not twenty paces from them, on the other side of the ravine, crouched upon a stone and rocking herself to and fro as though in an agony of despair and grief, sat a tall and withered woman. With an exclamation of surprise Leonard started towards her, followed by the dwarf. So absorbed was she in her sorrow that she neither saw nor heard them. Even when they stood close to her she did not perceive them, for her face was hidden in her bony hands. Leonard looked at her curiously. She was past middle age now, but he could see that once she had been handsome and, lora native, very light in colour. Her hair was grizzled and crisp rather than woolly, and her hands and feet were slender and finely shaped. At the moment he could discover no more of the woman's personal appearance, for the face was covered up, as has been said and her body wrapped in a tattered blanket. "Mother," he said, speaking in the Scotch dialect, what ails you that you weep here alone ? " The woman withdrew her hands and sprang up with a cry of fear. As it chanced, her gaze fell first upon the dwarf Otter, who was standing in front of her, and at the sight of him the cry died upon her lips, and her sunken cheeks, clear-cut features, and sullen black eyes became as those of one who is petrified with terror. So strange wns. her aspect indeed that the dwarf and his master neither spoke nor moved ; they stood silent and expectant. It was the woman who broke this silence, speaking in a low voice of awe and admiration and, as she spoke, sinking to her knees. " And hast thou come to claim me at the last, she said, addressing Otter, "oh! thou whose name is Darkness, God of my people, and to whom I was given in marriage, from whom I lived when I was young? Do I see thee in the flesh, Lord of the night, King of blood and terror, and this is thy priest? Or do I but dream ? Nay, I dream not, slay on, thou priest, and let my sin be purged." "Here it seems," said Otter, " that we have to do with one who is mad." "Nay, God of my people," the woman answered, "born not made, though madness has been nigh to me of late," ' " Neither am I your god or the god of any," answered the dwarf with irritation ; " cease to speak folly and tell the White Lord whence you come, for I weary of this talk of gods." " " If you are no good, Black One, the thing is strange, for as the god is so you are. But perchance it does not please you, having put on the flesh, to avow yourself a god. At the least be it as you will. If you are no good then I am safe from your vengeance, and if you are a goal I pray you forget the sins of my youth and spare me. Give me foods White Man," she added in a piteous time, "give me food, for I starve." " There is scant fare here." answered Leonard, " but you are welcome to it. Follow me, mother," and he led the way across the donga to the cave, the woman running after him painfully. There Other gave her meat, and she ate as one eats who has gone hungry for long, greedily and yet with effort. When she had finished she looked at Leonard with her keen dark: eyes and said "Say, White Lord, are you also a slave trader ?" "No," he answered grimly, "I am a slave" "Who is your master then?-this black one whom I deem a god, but who says that he is no god ?" "Nay, he is but the slave of a slave. I have no master, mother. I have a mistress, and she is named For tune." "The worst of mistresses," said the old woman, for the best, for she laughs ever behind her frown and mingles stripes with kisses." "The stripes I know well, but not the kisses," answered Leonard gloomily ; then added in another tone, What is your errand, mother? How are you named, and what do you seek wandering alone in the mountains" I am named Soa, and I seek succour for one whom I love and who is in sore distress. Will my lord listen to my tale?" "Speak on," said Leonard. Then the woman crouched down before him and told her story. (To be continued next Saturday.) 