FOOTLIGHT FANCIES. " Cinders," at the Royal, is a capital mellow-drama. It is very mellow in villainy, but as virtue comes out on top, the unities are not offended, and the young and innocent are not likely to be contaminated. A Sunday School might witness the piece without risk of demoralizing the sweet kiss-in-the ring maiden or the pious youth who administers the kiss. " Cinders " is as wholesome as a tea-fight where there are no yeast buns, and it is most appropriately named, for we shall all be reduced to cinders if Charles Todd does not put a dishcover on the sun and import an iceberg or two from ■the South Pole. He should do this for the sake of the company at the Theatre and their patrons. Miss Blanche Lewis is responsible for "Cinders." She committed the offence—and has done it exceedingly well. In fact, George Darrell and other famous Australian horther-hactors might learn how to avoid some things by studying Miss Lewis's work. It is impossible to be original in melodrama nowadays, but you can be probable and to some extent natural. The villain of the piece has a good deal of fat, and Mr. Albert Norman does full justice to his opportunities. He is a thorough scoundrel, and thinks as lightly of killing and cheating and bigamy as he does of smoking a cigarette. Miss Lewis herself plays the much-wronged heroine with great tact. She gets as close to the lachry* mose as is judicious, and passes through her sufferings to the triumphant denouement amidst sup pressed approbation and expressed acclamation. Miss Alice May has the title part of " Cinders," and turns up smiling at the right moment to thwart the villain, and when she is not engaged in that essential contract, she is making things funny all round. It is a good bit of acting. Miss Ivy Scott, a little " dot," sings a couple of coster songs. Mr. J. H. Kennedy (the " Nipper "), Mr. Cyril Keightley, Mr. Herbert Ashton, Miss Bella Adair, Mr. Harry Douglas, and the rest of the caste com bine to give a very good rendering of the piece. " Cinders " will be staged for the last time this evening, and to-morrow night " Storm and Sunshine" will take its place. An experiment has been made in introducing popular prices, and as the company is worthy of patronage, the theatre ought to be filled six times a week. When you take the Liliputians out of their spectacular surroundings in comic opera or pantomime then you realize how mediocre are the majority of the children's voices. The word " majority " is used advisedly^ for two or three of the girls might, with proper care, look forward to a lyric career. But the voices of even these are becoming dreadfully worn, and it is a question whether they ought not to be rested for a year or so. This much by way of prologue. The opportunity for fairly estimating the quality of the singing was afforded on Monday night, when the Liliputians, after a three weeks' season at the Theatre, gave a farewell concert in the Town Hall. The programme was a long one, and it was further elongated by senseless encores from the adolescent brigade. Miss Marion Mitchell, whose fine voice is beginning to show signs of wear and tear, was the prima donna! by acclamation, while Miss Emily j Metcalf, Miss Nellie Wilson, and others came in for determined and noisy approbation. Masters Harry Quealy and Percy delivered them selves of comic songs, for although they are both excellent comedians neither of them has been blessed with a singing larynx. * * * Mr. Basse is making the Continentals a most enjoyable resort, and continues to secure agreeable novelties. Last evening the Exhibition and grounds were handed over to the sons of Scot land, who made it the occasion to celebrate the birthday of their national poet. Never in Adelaide has there been seen such a brilliant display of Highland costumes and enthusiasm. It is a fact that Scotchmen are prouder of Burns than Australians are of Peter Jackson. But more anon, for the sound of planing down type is in Quiz's ears. * * * The energetic manager of the Cyclo rama has struck a patch with the Ghost of Napoleon and the Enchanted Foun tain, both of which attractions have resulted in large audiences to the various lectures. Touching the great Nap., it is a wonder that no enterprising journalist has interviewed him on various things—mundane and other wise. Quiz may tackle him next week. Rehearsals of " Dean Maitland" have been taken with very satisfactory success so far, and there is little doubt that the performance will be one of the best ever given by amateurs in Ade laide. Besides the beneficiaire (Walter Bentley) the following ladies and gentlemen are taking part—the Misses Moffatt, Bancroft, Daniels, and Herring, and Messrs. Gillman, Herbert, Pal tridge, Lucas, White, Allen, Reeves, Gordon, Chapman, and Morley. ^he play is of course a dramatic adaptation of the famous novel, the dramatization having been done by | Mr. Bentley and Mr. E. Lewis Scott. There is in " The Silence of Dean Maitland99 material for a very fine drama of the best kind, because the possible situations are strong, and the climax is powerful and dramatically artistic. It will be interesting to see how the joint authors have developed these features, while at the same time preserving the deep phsychological study in the story. No effort is to be spared to make the representation as perfect and effective as possible, and with this view a strong chorus fcas been organised for the rendering of the choral service in the last act. vV ■T" -V* W. S. Gilbert seems to have dropped down to playing on one string, like old Paganini. His latest libretto, " Utiopa," is but a variation of some of his other operas. * Pinero's charming play, " Sweet Lavender,' is being published in book form. * 1 J. M. Barrie's new comedy is called " The Professor's Love Story." It has already been staged in America, where it was a great success. * •¥r Mr. Dean Brand (hubby of Kate Chard) was recently interviewed in London, and this is the sort of tommirot he fooled the guileless re porter with. The penciller said:— " I expect you could tell no end of funny stories, especially episodes of Australia." " Oh, certainly. What a Democratic country that is! There Jack is as good as his master, and a great deal better. I remember in Melbourne the washerwoman called to see my wife one morning, and this is the message the black servant called upstairs :—41 say, you, tell the person as plays Bocassy at the theatre that there's a lady down here wants to see her." (Good old gag!) 4' Of course the poor girl didn't mean to be rude," interposed Mrs. Brand, " for I am sure I had a great many admirers among the black population —one in particular, who brought me a wondrous collection of fruit, flowers, feathers, and eggs to lay at the feet of the 4 white angel,'" and so on. Why, they fairly gorged that inno cent interviewer with—fairy tales ! ¥ * * Phillis Broughton says that Kate Vaughan originated skirt dancing. Eve can go one better. She originated skirts. Mr. Henry W. Lucy, in his letter to the Sydney Morning Herald under date November 24, says ::—" I hear from a private source a piece of news that will be interesting in Aus tralia. It is that a proposal is being discussed for the amalgamation of the Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank of Australia, with the object of forming a powerful institution, which shall be on your continent something like what the Bank of England is with us. My informant is one of the principal Directors of the London Board of one of the Banks—a man whose name is familiar all over the world. He is himself strongly in favor of the project, and tells me it finds powerful support at his Board. At present the proposal has not got beyond the stage of being talked about. I fancy more will be heard of it before the new year is far f advanced." Wife (club night)—"Will you be home early, John T' Husband — " Ye-es, I think so; but don't keep breakfast waiting for me." Teacher — " And now, my dear children, we will take a sentence— i William dslikes jam.' Now, what good little boy can tell me what William is?' That wastrel Johnny (from the bottom of the class, dog* matically)—"A hass." Bride (exchanging bridal costume for travelling dress)—"Did I appear nervous at all during the ceremony, Clara V Bridesmaid (envious)—" A little at first, dear, but not after George had said 11 will.' " A few years ago, when it was the custom for the groom to kiss the bride at the altar after the marriage ceremony, a young lady made a very laughable remark. It was on the occasion of a cousin's wedding in one of the most fashionable churches, and when the happy man kissed his bride this young lady exclaimed quickly to a neighbor in a shocked voice—"I didn't know it was kistomary to cuss the bride ?'* "What is the lesson taught us. m the parable of the seven wise virgins ?" asked a Sunday school teacher of his pupils, " That we should always be on the lookout for a bridegroom," said the smallest tgirl in the class. 