IS TRUTH ALWAYS WITH THE MAJORITY? Dr. Vaughan boasts of the great numbers of - persons who are in the Churoh of Some, as though the truth must necessarily be with the largest number. 1 A glanoe at the map of the Christian world will,' he said, ' suffice to show that any proposal for the reunion, of Christendom which does not inolude the Apoatolic See, and the 240,000,000 of Christians in communion with it, would be self-refuted and meaninglesB. There oould be no reunion of Christendom with more than half of the Christian world left out.' But we may well aak, Why not? Did not the early Christians sever themselves from Judaism, breaking thus the unity of the Anoient Church? And yet the Jews were a great deal ' more than half ' of those who, at that time, profeoeed to worship tbe true Qod. If Dr. Vaughan 's argument is valid, the early Christians aoted unlawfully. But they knew their.duty better than the Cardinal knows his duty. And so it was with the Protestant Beformers, who, though at that time a small body, severed themselves from the false unity of Borne, in order that they might enjoy the true unity whioh is in Christ Jeans the Lord. The true unity will always re side with the few, rather than with the many. It is the muoh despised 'few' who walk in the narrow way to lite ; the 'many' walk in the broad way 'that leadeth to destruction' (Matt. vii. 13, 14). I would much rather be with the Protestant 'few,' than with Rome's 240,000,000. Dr. Vaughan said, at Preston, that The marvellous unity in faith and obedience to a Supreme Teaoher, visible in the Church, can be explained only by the indwelling of tbe Holy Ghost, and the continual presence of Christ with hiB Churoh ' —-by which he means the Church of Borne I do not for one moment admit that any ' marvellous unity ' exists in the Church of Boms, to the extent assumed by the Cardinal. History shows that it never haB existed in her fold ; but I am willing to admit that she exhibits a ' marvellous ' counterfeit of true Chriatian unity, though shedooBnot possess the reality. Unity, by itself, is no proof that those inoluded in it are influenced by the Holy Spirit. It must be nnity in the truth of God, and that unity Rome does not possess. There is a ' marvel lous unity ' amongst the Baddhists and Mahommedans, and there is a 'marvellous nnity ' between the Devil and his angels ; but it is unity in support of a lie, and this is the unity of the Church of Borne. Her lying pre tensions to Bupremaoy over the whole Church of Christ, and her numerous false dootrines, have no warrant from God the Holy Ghost. The Cardinal affirms that the " presence of Christ " is in the Church of Borne ; but our Saviour warned us that ' false prophets ' would arise, who should say, ' Lo, here is Christ ' (Matt. xxiv. 23, 24). Cardinal Vaughan, his biehops, and his priests, are all - ' false prophets,' and we will listen to God rather than to them. 