The Baronet's Danghter. CHAPTER XI. 'MY QUEEN — MY QUEEN !" 1 Come for a walk papa, before the carriage comes round. Besides' — a little sadly — ' it is our last night at home. Are you sorry; Cecil ?' — quickly. 4 It is not too late, dear, to change our minds. I thought you liked the prospect of travel.' 4 So I do — dearly. We shall go by all means. But 1 have gro.vn to love my home so well that even such a plesant absence seems a thing to be regretted. Charteris is so beautiful. Ah" — with a long, contented sigh — ' the whole world is beautiful !' They were walking slowly up and downjthe terrace as she said it. Her father laughed sadly. He paused and looked searchingly, anxiously, in the counten ance beside him. It is so to you, dear ? Are you wholly happy.' So sunny and cloudless the eyes which 4 the honest heart laughed through' — so full of perfect iov in life the elad ycung face — he was answered. 4 Yes — wholly,' she said. Why should not be ?' And the question was unanswerable. 'Papa, what could have made Mrs. Branscombe leave so suddenly ?' She had slipped her hand through his arm, and was returning to a question asked twenty times before ; tor Mrs. Branscombe had gone — left as unex pectedly and as mysteriously as she had come. 4 My dear, she told you in the note she left. Her party were leaving London and she was obliged to join them.' 'Yes, but' — perplexedly — 'she left be fore the morning mail came in, and if she had received any urgent letter the pre vious day it was strange she did not mention it. I was never more surprised in my life that when I came down to breakfast Friday morning — late, I confess and Mark and Leslie had been here on Thursday night— to find Mrs, Branscombe gone, and only her note of farewell await ing me.' Sir Philip's heart gave a great, thank ful throb, as Cecil said, regretfully : And our theatricals, in which you were to have taken part, papa? I sup pose they are out of the question now.' 4 In any case, my darling, as we leave to-morrow.' 4 Why, that is so ! For the moment I had almost forgotten. There is the car riage.' It was the day of Ireton's charity con cert, and they were to dine at Myrtle Manor, and afterwards drive from there to Starling. 4 1 shall send to Nannette for your wraps, dear. Itjmay be chilly driving home,' He walked away to the house with his erect, soldierly tread, and his daughter looked after him with loving, luminlous eyes. The dinner was a pleasant, quiet affair. The vicar and his two daughters, a neighbouring country squire, and a scarlet-coated officer from Aldershot were the only strangers. An hour later Cecil stood on the plat form in the Starling town hall and faced a see of faces. Every available inch of space in the ungainly, whitewashed structure was crowded. On the expectant hush her voice broke pure, and full, and flexible in that sweetest of modern melodies, 4 My Queen.' A rare charm of Cecil's singing was its simplicity — its unconsciousness. With loosely-clasped hands |and dreamy, dis tant eyes, she sang as she might have sung to a tired child at twilight. Leaning againt a pillar, Gerald King- sley looked and listened, and through all his after-life he would never forget her as she stood that night. The azure shimmer of her dress, the faintly-blushing roses at her bosom, that rapt, delicate, high-bred face. And flooding the gaunt, old hall, her voice, with a thrill of passion in its silvery sweetness : ' Where and how shall I earliest meet her ? What are the words she will say ? But what name shall I learn to greet her ? I know'not now, but 'twill come some dav. With the self-same sunlight shining upou licr. Streaming down on her ringlets' sheen, She is standing somewhere, she I would honour, She that I wait for — my queen, my queen ! ' I will not dream of her tall and stately She that I love may bo fairly light, I will not say sho should walk sedately : Whatever she does it will sure bo right. And sho may be humble or proud my lady, Or that sweet calm which is just between ; But whenever she conies sho will find inc ready To do her homage— my queen my queen. 4 But she must be curteous, sho must bo holy, Pure in he spirit the maiden I love, Whether her birth be noble or lowly, I care no more than the Spirit above. And I'll give my heart to my Lady's keoping, Ever her strength or mine shall lean, And thn stars shall fall and the angels be weeping. Ere 7 cws loV i lr r - n vq>i;1; k 1 CHAPTER Nil. A SECRET OF THE DEAD. There was one moment's tense, appreciative silence when she was finished and then a perfect hurricane of ecstatic applause. ' The strangers and townspeople present looked at each with eyes full of warm, pleased surprise, and brought their palms resonantly together, demanding an en core. SI t came foiwavd shyly, v",wc1- and was retiring, when she met Lady Ireton's glance Ir. answer to that quick, imploring look, she came before them once again, and sang that arch, quizzical fragment. "Molly Bawn." Half an hour later, during the crush of departure, Cecil slipped away in search of a familiar lace she had noticed in the audience. She found her in a dim corner, waiting for her son to come and take her home — a little, old, withered creature, who had once been a lodge-keeper at Char teris. The girl sat beside her a few minutes, speaking to her with kindly, questioning, listening sympathetically to her querulous complaints, till, looking up suodenly she missed her party. She hurried to the door and met Gerald Kingsley coming in. 'Where are the others, have they quite deserted me ? There has been some misunderstanding — I think Sir Philip imagined you with M'ss Stuart, and vice versa. A happy blunder for me, if you will trust yourself to me. 1 I am not' — laughing' — a reck less driver.' She was coming down the steps in the soft starshine. A soaifof point d'Alencon was wound with care'ess grace over her bright liair. 'I hope not' — gaily — 'since I am doomed to defy fate behind Mark's ches- nuts.' rVhat a Dlesant ride it was. through the clear summer night with; the soft wind blowing in their faces and the per fume of wild flowers floating by ! There was no moonlight on the fields just yet. but in the darker fields above valiantly the stars were mustering their squadrons of gold. From some distant matsh came lonely the corncrake's 't.visted note.' ' I never saw such lazy trees,' Cecil said, looking disgustedly at the wayside shrubs.. ' They are barely creeping by.' Gerald Kingsley dropped slacker still the slack lines. ' I am responsible to your father for j your safety'— gravely. 'Did I not tell' you that I was a reckless driver ?' | Glancing round quickly she saw the") quizzical laughter in his face. | ' I should say not !' — emphatically. ' 1 1 don't think any one could be more cautious.' But in her heart she was sorry, despite her disdainful air. Silence for a while. In the distance they could see the turrets of Castle Charteris rising darkly heavenwards. ' Dear Charteris' — softly — and I am to leave y uu to-morrow f 'jit is a magnificent old place. How dearly you must love it !' He could see the fair cheeks blush, the delicate lips tremble. ' After papa, more than all the world !' 4 First, because it is home !' 4 1 suppose so'— with tender lightness. ' There is no place like home.' Looser fell the reins between Gerald Kingsley's fingers. ' And I do not know the meaning of the word,' he said, veiy low. 1 Have you no home ?' Fro n the face uplifted in childisch questioning — from the starry eyes, blue as for-get-ma nots, he shrnk suddenly, sharply. ' No' — with a bitter laugh. ' That is surprising, is it not ? Don't waste your pity on me, Miss Charteris. I am only whit I told you the other night — a strol ling artist. The. world is my home.' The girl beside him spoke never a word. How unwomanly he would think her ! The remembrance of her last cruel, though thoughtless question had crimsoned all her cheek. When he spoke again, all the harsh satire had vanished from his voice. It was low and tremulous with a great sadness. ' If I have not the thought of a home,' he said, ' to urge me onward, I have one blessed memory. Through all.life's mists of doubt and misery it has shone pure and star-like — the memory of my mother.' 4'Tell me of her.' . It was just a whisper, but Gerald Kingsley turned to her a biightening face, 4 Would you care to hear ?' — eagerly. 4 Well, I will tell you, briefly. Her name was Gereldine Desmond. She was an orphan, the last of a grand old Irish family. In great, crowded, lonely London she supported herself and little brother by teaching music and singing. She had one lover, a man rich in all worldly goods, jbut utterly destitute of honour. 4 He made lier life miserable by his passionate protestation and pleadings, to all of which she turned a deaf ear. ' One day she received a note from liirn telling of his departure for America, and vowing that on his return no. power on earth should keep them apart. She She burned the letter. She forgot him — forgot him for the man whom accident had flung in her pathway and who loved her — as who could help loving her ? — for her exquisite beauty, her gracious womanliness. 4 He was a son of the oldest, wealthiest families in England, in rank $bove her. He was not handsome, but he was so' M— — — — —————— IMUBSK courteous, so daring, so grand-souled and whole- hearted, that this girl gave him, in answer to his pleading, all hei true woman's heart. ; 4 He was apparently so fair, so frail . He foresaw her decision when he aid before her a difficulty. Should he im mediately announce his marriage, or wait till after the monthly expected death of a near relative, and thereby materially advance his worldly prospects ? ' Wait,' she answered him. ' Love is patient.' 4 So he married her, and carried her off to a little, pleasant, peaceful town on the Rhine. Here seven years passed — years perfect and complete in their exquisite happiness. But one summer day, when the Rhine was rushing gloriously through the sunshine, and splendidly solemn stood the Drachenfels across the river, there came to the peaceful little home a package of English letters. ' He read them all, pushed them aside, and rose to his feet. The death so long expected, he said, had come at last. ' Now,' he cried, joyfully, 4 I can bring you home and acknowledge you, and honour you, my wife, my darling !' ' He bade his wife and child a pas sionate, reluctant farewell. He would be back in six weeks. ' That day, in thrusting aside the letters of the morning, one.ja crumpled telegram caught her eye. ' Come !' tit read, and was signed 'Lilian.' She wondered a little, but laid it away, blessedly igncrant. ' A few|tveningfjlater, while her brother, now a boy of ten, was playing before the door, and she sat laughing and chatting I to her own little lad in the sunset, I straight up to her, through the rosy flush, like a revengeful ghost, stalked the old lover, Murdock Leonard. He had almost gone mad with rage when he missed her in London. He had traced her here. He told her a strange story, or rather tried to tell it, for my mother stopped him with haughtiest scorn. ' He said that my father was, and had been, a year before his marriage, affianced to a fair English girl, his mother's ward. That bis marriage to her had been a sham and mockery. That this year he had gore home to make her his lawful wife ! ' After that night my mother refused to receive Leonard. She ordered the ser vants not to admit him ; 'but ever through her heart throbbed a faint, indefinable fear, as she thought of the telegram he had received the morning of his departuret Six weeks passed, seven, and never a word from her husband. ' She grew white, and languid, and shadowy-eyed. On the evening of the ninth week of his absence — whatever im pulse prompted her, I know not — she i went tc the escritoire and took from it his I private drawer. I ' She read the bttcrs it contained, one | by one. Among them was a slight pack age ol letters addressed to ' Lilian' — boyish, ardent love-letters, they — and one ended thus : ' Whenever you need mo, or wait for mo, sweot- henvt, write but one word, and I will come.' She dropped the letters. That tele gram 4 Come 1' — Murdock's story — nis absence and silence — he had gone ! The next day she saw Leonard when he called. ' One week later she sailed for America, taking Bryan and me with her, and leav ing no word behind. We had a comfor table home in New York. My mother had some money which came to her when of age — which she was not when she married — that gave us a competence. ' But she could not live without him — that lover who had deceived her and de serted her, Day by day we watched her pine and droop, till one starry Christmas night when her sorrowful yearning ended, and our desolate lives began. She gave to Bryan, in dying, a package of papers in trust for me. 4 They were, I think, the stoty of her life and marriage, written by herself, and some papers proving legally the name of the man whom she had thought her hus band, Ihis position, and identity. 4 Well, I stayed in New York and studied art, sorrowing only that it separa ted me from Bryan. He went to distant California, to carve out for himself a fair name and lortune, as many a young lellow had done before him. The diherence in our ages was so slight that we were more like brothers than uncle and nephew. ' My mother had expressly desired that the papers Bryan held were not to be opened till I was twenty- one, when I would be wiser and more capable of judg ing the best course to be pursued in re gard to their contents. ' Of course we deferred to and re spected her wishes, though the time of probation chafed me sorely, for I knew that the name we bore was an assumed name. ' I had no remembrance of that by which we had formerly been known, and if Bryan knew he did not tell me. When I was twenty years of age, I wrote him : ' Bryan, old boy, in one year's time I will go out to you, and together we will open thejmysterious package. Who I am, what I am, will not be clearly known till then.' 1 One year later I went out to him.' Cecil Chzrteris's eyes were fixed upon him in awful fascination. She was shud dering a little in the soft starshine, as if some tone in his voice had warned her of the tragedy to come. 4 One year later,' he went on, 'I left my picture not yet completed. I laid down my palette and my brushes, and I went to hear the story a hand long cold had written. The moon came climbing up the heavens a mellow disc ; and I found Bryan Desmond dead ! — he, the brother I had loved so dearly, murdered most foully ! — and never a word, or line, or message from the dead, left to solve- my life's enigma.' ' He paused, shivering as if from cold. What words of comfort so sweet as the silence of sympathy? 'Have I wearied you,- Miss Charteris. Forgive me.' ' Indeed, no 1 I am sad for your sor row,. not wearied.' Again a silence broke only by the corncrake's discordant, distant note. Then Cecil spoke : ' Where did you first meet Mark. He did not answer immediately. When he did his voice was very low and grave. 'Two years ago, in Rome. I was studying art at the time — wooing her for her own sake. — the most passionate most loyal of her many constant lovers. Had I honoured her less purely, fortune might have smiled on my unworthier homage. As it was, I painted and starved and starved that I- may paint.. I centred all my hopes of success on a picture I was preparirg for a grand exhibition to be held in the Eternal City. In my room worked a fellow, artist. He, too, was labouring well and earnestly. ' I will not tell you — you luxury's child, could never understand our privations — how we worked, and shivered, and starved, that we might buy pigments for our canvas. Well, the day of decision came. We had sent our pictures in. We waited the result. It was warm pestilential Roman summer, and we were white and haggard with suspense and lack of food. They brought us the word of the judges. Our pictures were denied admission — both ! ' We stood and looked at each other in the glaring Italian sunset, who died his face blood-red. We thought of our winter past — ,ve thought of the da>s tc come. He spoke first. ' Come,' he said. ' When a lamp is flickering, put it out ; when a garment is thre- dbare, fling it away. Let us be royal, and dispense royally with the one thing we have.' ' I think that moment had made him mad. I knew what he meant. I followed him blindly. Even now I can remember the glare of sunset in my eyes as we went into the apothecary's. I can remem ber the charcoal fumes I arising, Karl's voice saying, ' There is no God — no here after. Let's sleep !' 'And then I knew no mors till I woke, to find Mark Westwood's face bent over me, Mark Westwood's voice. in my ears. He had been passing — he had broken in the door — he had saved me. Karl was dead. All he has been to me, all he has done for me from that day to this, my lile is too short to repay.' They were at the lodge gate now. They alighted fiom the carriage, and they I walked together up the avenue. ' Dear Mark,' Cecil said, very low, ' how grateful you must be !' ' Yes — sometimes, Of late I have wished he had let me die that day.' ' Mr. Kihgsley !' The horrified voice recalled him to him- ' Sfilf. . ' Not because the failure of the picture,' he said, quickly — ' think better of me than to imagine all my best energies blasted by one mistake — but because my life is shadowed, and through my lather !' The girl shrank 'a little as she heard the bitterness in his voice. Kow dear to her was the word he so scornfully uttered. 4 Some day,' he went on, his vdioe low and ominously stern, 'we shall meet — some day! And when that hour comes I shall keep the vow I made beside my mother's coffin. He murdered her, just surely as though he had stabbed with a tangible dagger her fair human body. Just as surely, just as fatally shall I one day avenge her!' | To be continued .j 