HUMS OF THE WHEEL. The League of New South Wales Wheelmen have officially sanctioned the running of the five miles cham pionship of the colony at the bicycle sports on June 9th next. The com mittee of the league have, however, made the proviso that only a limited number of riders are to start in this race, and those who do start to be the recognised fastest riders in the colony. This is a sensible deci sion, and in preventing over crowding will lessen all chances of accident, especially as many riders start in these events whose past per formances prove that they have not a ghost of a show of winning, and the decision that only four Northern riders and the best riders in Sydney can only start has met with general approval. The fine programme of events set down for competition on June 9th, on the Newcastle Cricket Ground, by the Newcastle branch of the league, again appears in to-day's issue. The excel lent prizes offered are a good induceo ment to riders, and a contingent of local racing men are to be seen on the track every afternoon getting them selves in trim for the meeting. The ' Newcastle Wheel Race,' a handicap race of two miles, with £15 in prizes, is sure to draw an excellent entry. The prize money for the eight events on the programme totals over £50, and the club deserve a big entry and a large attendance to recoup them for their outlay. The members of the club had a pleasanttripto Dudley on Saturday last. The party rode to the Bluff at Red head, the view from the high ground being lovely. The usual monthly tour takes place to-day, Stroud being the place selected. Mr. W. Tracey is working hard and getting the bicycle track in good order for the coming sports. L. A. Simpson, the 10 miles amateur champion, succeeded in establishing a new record for 10 miles last week. The time occupied was 26min 18sec, and if, as stated he rode 120yds over the distance, his ride is the best yet attempted in Australia, and his win in the championship not the fluke it was thought to be. The annual road race of the Sydney Bicycle Club, on Saturday last, re sulted in A. B. M'Donald being first, T. H. Barkell second, and J. H. Murray third. M'Donald, who was first in the team race the previous Saturday, established a record for the course of 29min 40sec; A. E. Selby did the second fastest time in 29min 55sec, also a good performance. Mr. Fred Rathgen, one of the speediest and best fellows in the League of New South Wales Wheel men, has relinquished his-. position in the soft goods business and gone into the employ of Mr. Phizackerley, the well-known cycle :e:'chant in Sydney. Mr. Rathgen is a good salesman and a thoroughly practical cyclist, and should be of great assistance in push ing the machines he has ridden with success. Cyclists, and indeed the general public, will be glad to learn (says the Coolgardie .lner, dated 21st April) that there is a movement. on foot to establish a cycling telegraph. Some of the crack road riders of Victoria are now resident here, and their services will be at the disposal of patrons of the tolegraph. The cost of a message from here to the Cross will be 5s, and a return can be made within 24 hours. In addition to working the road to Southern Cross, the cyclists' express will be established to Han nan'i, White Feather, and Kurnalpi, so thatth&re; is a prospect of a quicker communication with these centres than was formerly dreamt of. Messrs. Summorhayes and Barmlett are the names of the gentlemen who will in augurate the service. They are well known crack road riders from Vic toria. The betting question (says 'Phili buster' in the .Australasian) is now agitating the minds of cyclists, or at least that section who have the in terest of the sport at heart. What ever may be said for or against bet ting one thing is certain, racing men should not be allowed to bet directly or indirectly. I see no harm in the general public backing their fancy, but as to the riders, they are supposed to ride for honour and the prize, and should not be associated with betting in any shape or form. It is difficult to enforce rules, but, nevertheless, give us the rule, and if a rider knows his racing career may be out short by transgressing, I am inclined to think that betting amongst riders will hbe very much. less common than it now is. Frank Lenz, who is riding round the world on a bicycle, has passed through India, and was last heard of on the Persian Gulf. He travelled 778 miles through the desert of iMekran, in Persia, along camel paths and mule tracks, and at times had to hire camels to accompany him, carry ing his water, food, and bedding. For 16 nights he lay in the open desert. At Sioux City (U.S.A.) a club has been formed by the Y.M.C.A. mem bers. Rather a sensible bylaw has been adopted, which requires that while the members may use their wheels as individuals on Sunday, they will not make Sunday runs as a club. F. J. Osmond, who is regarded as the finest rider the world has ever seen, and was champion during 1891, made his reappearance on the track at Birmingham last month in a 10 miles scratch race. He was beaten by Lewis and Stroud, and ran third. This is the first time he has suffered defeat in a scratch event. English authorities are of opinion that he will ride as well as over this season. 