KATHERINE'S VENGEANCE [BY THE AUTHOR OF " PAULINA LISLE."] CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) She stood dead silent, looking at him. How his eyes gleamed ; how glibly his venomous tongue ran. His little form actually seemed to dilate and grown tall in this hour of his triumph. " And that other night," he went on; " do you remember, it, Kathie ? Oh, let me call you by the old familiar name to the last ! That other night when I—a poor, pettifogging attorney, as I think I have heard Mr. Dantree call me—I had the pre- sumption, in the conservatory, to ask you to be my wife. It was presumptuous, and I richly deserved the rebuff I got for my plans ; I deserved even to be called a ' rickety dwarf ! ' No one knows it better than I. You the heiress of Scarswood, and I not worth a rap. If I had been good-looking, even, like that angelic Dantree, with the face and voice of a seraph ; but ugly, and a dwarf, and only an attorney withal, you served me perfectly right, Catherine. You adored beauty, and Dantree was at your feet ; you worshipped him, and he worshipped your— fortune ; a very common story. What a pity the Fates did not make us both handsome instead of clever. What chance has brains against beauty, particularly in a woman? -You served me right, Katherine, and now, in return, I am to come be- fore you tonight, and offer you three thousand pounds— mine to give or keep, as I please.'' He paused, his whole face glowing with sardonic light. Her's never changed. ''Go on,'' she said, in a perfectly steady voice. He came a step nearer. What did that strange, demoniacal light in his eyes mean now ? She saw it, but she never flinched. "Katherine,'' he said, ''I can do better for you 'than that. What is a pitiful three thousand pounds to the late heiress of eight thousand per annum ? I can do better for you, and I will. Why should you leave Scarswood at all ? Why not remain here as mistress still— with me ?'' ''Go on,'' she said again, in the same steady tone. ''Need I speak more plainly?'' He drew still another step nearer, and all the devil of hatred and malignity within him shone forth in the gleam of the eyes.'' Then I will— it would be a pity for us to misunderstand each other in the least. Last September I asked you, the heiress of Scarswood, to be my wife. You refused— more, you grossly insulted me. Tonight I return good for evil— let us forgive and forget. As lord and master of Scarswood, I offer you again a home here— this time not as wife, but as my mistress !'' The atrocious word was spoken. His hate and revenge had given him a diabolical courage to say what he would never have dared to say in cold blood. But at the last word he drew back. He was a coward to the core, and she had shown her self before now to have the fury of a very panther. And they were alone— she might murder him before he could reach the door. His first impulse was flight, and she saw it. ''Stop !'', she cried, and he stood as still as though he had been shot. 'You coward! You cur!' No words can tell the concentrated scorn of her low, level voice. ''You have said it, and now hear me. This is your hour— mine will come ! And here, before Heaven, by my dead father's memory, I swear to be revenged. Living, I shall pursue you to the very ends of the earth--dead I will come back from the grave, if the dead can ! For every word you have spoken tonight, you shall pay dearly-- dearly ! I have only one thing to live for now, and that is my vengeance on you. The fortune you have taken I will wrest from you yet; the shame, the misery, the disgrace that is mine, you shall feel in your turn, I swear it. Look to yourself, Peter Dangerfield? Living, I will hunt you down; dead, I will return and torment you! you down ; dead, I will return and torment you! Now go !'' She pointed to the door. It was the most theatrical thing imaginable. His courage rose again. She did n0t mean to spring upon him and strangle him then, after all. He laughed, a low, jeering laugh, with his hand on the door. "Katherine,' he said, ''do go on the stage, "You'll be an ornament to the profession, and will turn, an honest penny. That speech, that attitude, that .gesture, that tone were worthy the immortal Rachel herself. With the stage lamps, and an ap- propriate costume a speech half as melodramatic would bring down the house. And if you die you'll haunt, me ! Don't die, Kathie; you're too clever a woman to be lost to the world. And ghosts, my dear, went out of fashion with the Castle of Otranto and the mysteries of Udolpho. Think over my proposal, my dear, and good-night.'' He looked back at her once as he stood there, the leaping firelight full once her white face and black robe, and as he saw her then, he saw her sleeping or waking all the rest of his life. Then the door closed, and Katherine was once more alone. CHAPTER XVI. BEFORE MIDNIGHT The hours of the evening wore on. Sir Peter Dangerfield had shut himself up in the lower rooms, on the watch, however, for any sound upstairs. He had had his revenge — he had offered one of the proudest girls in England the most deadly insult a man can offer a woman. It was the hour of his triumph, but in the midst of it all he felt strangely nervous and uneasy. "Dead or alive I will have my revenge.'' The ominous words haunted him. In the mouths of other girls they would have been melodramatic and meaningless, but Katherine Dangerfield was not like other girls. She meant them, and would move heaven and earth to compass her ends. In her pretty, wax- lit crimson- hung room, Kath- erine stood, long and motionless, where he had left her. Her loosely clasped hands still hung before her, her darkly brooding eyes never left the fire. Her face kept its white, changeless calm ; her lips were set in that hard resolute, bitter line. The sonorous clock over the stables, striking eight, awoke her at last from her trance. She started up, crossed the room, like one aroused to a determined purpose, and rang the bell. Ninon came. ''I'm going out, Ninon.I'm going to Castleford. It may be close upon midnight before I return, and the house will probably he shut up. Wait for me at the door in the southern turret, and when I knock let me in.'' '' But, mademoiselle," the girl cried ;''to Castle- ford so late, and on foot, and alone !" ''I don't mind the lateness — no one will molest me. For the walk, I can do it in an hour and a quarter. Do as I bid you, Ninon, and say nothing to any one of my absence.'' The French girl knew her mistress too well to disobey, but she lingered for a moment at the door, looking back wistfully. She loved this impetuous young mistress, who scolded her vehemently one instant and made it up the next by a present of her best silk dress. She loved her, as all the servants in the house did, and never so well as now. ''If— if — oh! Mademoiselle Katherine, don't be angry, but if you would only let me go with you ! The way is so long, and so lonely, and coming home it will be so late. Mademoiselle, I beseech you ! let me go too !'' '' You foolish child— as if I cared for the lateness or the loneliness. It is only happy people who have anything to fear. All that is past for me. Go, Ninon, and do precisely as I tell you, if you are still so silly as to have any love left for such as I.'' The girl obeyed reluctantly, hovering aloof on the landing. In five minutes the door opened and Miss Dangerfield, wrapped in a velvet mantle, and wear- ing her little back velvet hat, appeared. ''You here still, Ninon ! Do you know if Mr.— Sir Peter Dangerfield''— she set her lips hard as she spoke the name — '' is anywhere in the passages below?'' '' He is in the library, mademoiselle.'' '' So much the better— we shall not meet then. ''Lok my door. Ninon, and keep the key until my return.'' She glided down the stairs, as she spoke, dark, and noiseless as a spirit. She met no one. Sir Peter was busy over papers, the servants were in their own quarters, the house was more silent than a tomb. Softly she opened and closed the ponderous portico door, and flitted out into the night. It was clear, and cold, and starlight— the moon had not yet arisen. In that light no one she met would be likely to recognise her. The January wind blew keen and cold, and she drew her fur- lined velvet closer about her, and sped on with swift, light, and elastic steps. The walk was unspeakably lonely. Until the lights of the town gleamed forth through the starry darkness she did not meet a soul. She had walked so rapidly, that she was out of breath, and in a glow of warmth. She slackened her pace now, making for a deserted back street, and pausing, finally, before tne quiet, roomy, old-fashioned hostelry known as the '' Silver Rose.'' ''Does a lady named Mrs. Vavasor lodge here ?'' The landlord of the Silver Rose started to his feet as the soft accents fell upon his ear. The next moment he was bowing low before the slender, black-robed figure and the two grave, gray eyes. (To be continued.) 