THE AFTERNOON SERVICE. THE BISHOP OF CHRISTCHURCH AT THE PRO CATHEDRAL. There was a crowded congregation at Christ Church Pro Cathedral, where in the afternoon Dr Julius preached an eloquent sermon from Acta ix., 31—“Then had the churches rest through Judes, and Galilee, and Samaria, and were edified; and walking in the fear of the Lnrd and in the comfort of the Holy Ghost were multiplied.” There were many churches at the time spoken of—churches in Judea, in Galilee, and. in Samaria, and yet the church was one, and there was no independent nctiou on the part of any one church. Their organisation was incomplete, Jor their organisation was that of the living thing perfecting ns it grew. And yet there was organisation, and in that and above all in the enmmon life they were bound together—many churches, yet one— one in their outward discipline; one in the sacraments; one in the orders of the church; one in the several ministries by which the grace of God was poured out upon man; one, too, in their inner life, .which pene trated to every part and bound them into the life of God. And thus they were related together very closely. One church had no place and no meaning as an atom, save in that it was bound with others in common life and service. And if they were, thus related one to another so also were they related to the world, in the heart of which their master hail placed them. For was not this the purpose of G"d—that this church throughout the world should show in h«r suffering”, in her own life, in her efforts, in her travail, in her discipline, and in her self conquest the life of God incarnate in the world. How important for us to look for a moment at the inner life of the church. They might naturally expect that as the church increased in numbers, as she fled from Jerusalem in Judea outward to Samaria, and yet further to Galilee and still outward among the nations of heathene. She must lose something of her original spiritual force and rigor, and in her very breadth lose something of her depth. Wo should surely expect that. And to some extent, alas, our expectation is fulfilled. Again and again in her history of the 18’h century we funnd that the daye of her greatest splendor and magnificence were not by any menus the days of her richest spiritual grace. We arc led, therefore, to this conclusion— that if she is indeed to spread, not only among the Jews, but also among the Gen tiles, if her work is never done until she has covered the earth and brought all men to the obedience of Christ, there must indeed be’ within her n deep fountain of spiritual life ever flowing forth that shall refresh, her for anything lost by reason of her extension. What did we road in our text! “Then had the churches rest, ond were edified.’ 1 " We knew the meaning of the last word—were built up. It was n word [hot had fre quent place iu the New Testament Scriptures. It should bo iu the front of all things, for all things done should tend to this building up The building up of the church was the one great effort of tho Apostolic Baud. And when wo turn to the Epistles of the Apostles and other witters, and when we remark —as we cannot fail to do—their faith, their power, their intense zeal, wo cannot, hut marvel that men, whether they were Jews or Gentiles, could over receive those epistles without edification. And yet how many Christians in our own time would bo edified by the Epistle to the Cullossiuns or to the Ephesians ? How many men would understand if they heard! And yet these Christians of the first days re ceived them, understood them, and were profited by thorn, clearly showing there was some great work going on within the church herself. It was « piocsse of build ing up by edifying, , Thus there was-a basis in the widespread knowledge of Holy Scrip ture, not only among Jews, but Jewish proselyte”, and even among the Gentiles. Alas! that which was so common then is wanting now, sadly wanting. The genera tion growing up among ourselves to day know less of the Bible perchance than they do of anything. Yon did not fail to notice how constantly the apostles appealed to the scriptures in their teaching—what careful instruction they gave in the facts of the gospel of the chuicb, and what a careful building np of those facts into great eternal principles. So great and accurate was this teaching that even in the oarly days of Christianity St. Paul was able to speak to the men in Corinth, and remind them of how they had been taught of the resurrection and all that belonged to it. There was an evident instruction to them—careful, accurate, and systematic. There was evident laying down of principles. It was evident, as he had said, that the teaching was very firm, and systematic, and carefully graduated, so that those who were brought into the church, and even before they were in, were most carefully and accurately and painfully trained in the word of God and in the dnetriue of the Lord Jesus Christ; nod, being baptised, were carried on from step to step, and from height to height that they might come to know of the mysteries of the knowledge of God. The consequence of such edifying was, naturally enough, wonderful stability. Notwith standing all the varied influence that were used in these days, and notwithstand ing the prejudices and tho weight of numbers of tho heathen these men stood firm in the faith. That these were hereeiea wo know; but that tho great mass of Christians did stand firm and fast, holding to the tradition of their fathers, holding the faith of Christ in unity of spirit and in love, that we also know; and we see that such stability was due under tho providence and grace of God to the careful and systematic edification of the church. Was not that the great need of our own time ? Was there not greater need in our time than this ? They had labored much at preaching, but would to God that the church were laboring as mnch at teaching and edifying. How much ignorance there is amongst us! One cinnot go about without markiug the lamentable ignorance iu regard to tho very first princi ples of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. Hundreds of persons calling themselves Christians know little or nothing of the doctrine of Jesus Christ. We have but to see the letters in our newspapers, the criticisms on Christ ian work and an the Christian church, the arguments of infidels and the answers they receive, to see clearly enough .that what is wanting in our own time is a little knowledge even a very little knowledge—of the chuich of God. From such ignorance comes instability. Those present knew something of this here, and he thought he knew some more of it elsewhere. For ho had seen how readily Christian people, and aye, members of their own church, are turned away from the faith —turned by the first epeculative teacher: turned away by the first opposing influence; turned away, may be,by the imaginings uf the wiseor the teachingnf pnroself called teachers —and they so drifted this way and that and in any way from the ways of the Lord Jesus Christ. And as they watched them wander ing away from them, they knew that the fault was so largely with themselves that the wandering nnea could not receive this teaching. If they ever knew this teaching, and if these people wore ever brought up in the faith, instructed in it, and built up in it, they could never -have wandered away surely! This, wo believe, whs the great need of the church iu our own time, but there comes a great difficulty.. It was per haps the most difficult work the church might set herself to fulfil; for was it not opposed to the temper of our timea—at ail events in religions matters. Do men love teaching? Some of them love preaching. Are they willing to give time, thought, and patience ! No; he believed it was contrary to the temper and the spirit o.f our times, for we love excitement, we love to be moved, we want our feelings touched; we don’t want onr head touched. We don’t, want to think too deeply, of these things, nr to learn too mnch. And then they found a difficulty in the very fact that we have a lack of method in the church and in the fulfilment of tliis great p«rt of her sacred olfio-. “ We can preach,” remarked the bishop; “ but we scarce, as yet, know how to teach. The old principles have been laid on one side, and wo have neglected one great part of our duly. ’ But it would be hard in deed to take it up ngiin. Ho was not speak ing for a moment of the lack of religious teaching in onr schools, nor was he speaking of the more lamentable lack of ilefinito Christian teaching in mu homes by parents, bat he wan speaking of their own imperfect machinery in the church itself. How im perfect and inadequate it was, and how utterly it broke down in the fnos of the maseee of tho people, especially the young. At tho present time people loved their own way and had infinite con fidence in their own understanding. This was characteristic of a people poorly taught, for the deep'y reverent know what is due to a greater power, mid a”k in their public, private, and individual life—“Oh, Lord, what wilt thou have mo to do?” And thus it was that they multiplied. And that wan the principle he would strive to put before them that afternoon. It was because a people were edified, because they walked in the fear of the Lord and in the counsel of the Holy Ghost, that the church was edified. There was no other way. Money would not doit; evenlabor would notdoit, exc-ptbchind it ail there be that intense love of God, that true knowledge of God, which would make the church within so strong and so intense in her love and devotion, that her influence would extend, and in spreading gather the mosses , with her. He could not speak to that congregation as he would to any other, Sinoe he left that church they knew well how lovingly lie had thought of this diocese and of that church. He had seen what per haps (hose present had not. He had marked the wonderful history of this diocese, and had thought again and again of what ho little thought and considered when he was here—the enormous difficulties eno untered in the early days and tho im pediments thrown in its way. He had read through the old reports of tho diocesn more than once, and he had marked how it went on year after year, spreading, growing, de veloping, overcoming infinite difficulties, ad vancing with tho tide of population, and reaching further ami ever further, heeding not obstacles that might try the faith and patience of any man. He had seen here the witness of two forces, and he -might also say the int”nse, wonderful, and often unrecognised vigor, and energy, and purpose of one man. With deep thankful ness he had marked the work nf God in this dear old parish of his. He loved to see work going on hero that he could never have done and never did and». He loved to see here that very thing if which he sp’oke 1 3 them that day, and in which he was no de ficient. He had seen that earnest building up of tho church in the faith. He knew wlmt teaching work was going on amongst them, and ho know the immense value of that work. He knew that it did not tend to popularity, make a noise in the world, or take a place in. the papers. He came to that church again to see the choir singing ne they never used to sing in his days. He saw church workers he knew who were were workers still, those in office who were in office in his time, and men and women who were now working fall nf faith mid etill standing firm. In this diocese and in this pariah there wore those who were being edified, who wore walking in the fear of the Lord and in tho ooun»el of the Holy Ghost. The bishop concluded by expressing a hope that the church’s work would he bleeeed by the' winning of many souls to tho law of Christ. 