AX EX TUA OllDISA KT STORY. SIXKCTOK'S ttOT HAUNTED. I About three years ago (says the Dubbo Deapatth) Peter Stein, a hard-headed, prac- tical, frugal German, sold property he pos- sessed in the Wagga Wagga district, and, with his family, came to Dubbo in -search of land. He and his Bon Jacob, a youngman now twenty-eight years of age, took up bwo: arcas of 2560 acres each ou the Goalbaggie. The selections arc on the South Balladoran run, and rather isolated. Jacob's selection is on tile southern part of thc run, and there was, when it was taken up, an old hut upon it. lu this at first lived the family, consist- ing of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two-adult, 'sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the futuily a young man named Daley came into the district. He hud been reared by the Steins, and was as one of the family. He Was winch 'attached to them taud they to him. Jacob determined to build 'ott thc site of tlie hut, while Peter com-, menced the erection of a commodious resi- dence on his land, about three milcB array. | Thc Steins wero, however, no sooner settled, 'down-the father and family iu .their new, -house, and Jacob at his hut, than they licard at night strange voices, loud cooey inge, and! awful scrcamings. Thinking that they pro- ceeded from either belated travellers or (homeward proceeding selectors, more merry , tliu.il sensible, they took little notice of. them. These sounds were only heard at' intervals-a fortnight or three weeks inter- vening between their ooourenee. They,, however, took place so regularly-for! they were at one time heard at Jacob Stein's,-, and again at the father's-that the idea of, noisy roystercrs, making night hideous with ; their noises, was given np. About eighteen months ago there were further developments, ! and, according to the family, strange mani-1 festations. The furniture in Peter Stein's h cru se 'became ns possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and od ot Boccasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly extra-, ordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was baking in the kitchen one day, and after she' had her idough prepared to be placed in, thc oven sn invisible hand caught it up and tossed it'an the floor. Those things, or, akin to them, ' have kept On from then till, now, but with the further development that the person responsible-whether spirit 'of Beavan or goblin damned-¿aa requontly interviewed, and has had convent.. ons wita, ?thc several members of thc family. Evidently the presence is not of "the Tegular type, for it does not wait till the " witching hour when era-reyardB yawn and ghosts troop forth," bat «ornes along in broad daylight, end talks to « family, who are «raw somewhat terrified, as may -well be -imagined. In reply to «ques- tion from Peter Steh, the invisible visitor has' «aid that this «ame <s tioorge William Her- bei t, and that Wa mother, who «ns named Annie, and his anster, who was flailed Julia, were burned to Heath 'on tile -South Balla dol- aiiTnu-that his fadier died in the Coota- mundra hospital eighteen years «go-that lie (thc «peaker) had been hit upon the head and loft for dead on 'the road-that he 'had' 'been raaved--and bad subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the older 'Stein he replied that li he did ttiose who saw lum would faint, for they hod never Been anything like him before. According to the Steins-and all, from the father to the youngest child, tell the «ame round unvarnished tale-the visitor some ¡tiineB speaks in a graff manly voice and some- times as softly «s a woman-indeed it would be difficult to distinguish his voice from a [gtrl'd. Thc dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming-although the Steins cannot see it-they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog.goes nearly wild with fear and' excitement. About a fortnight ago things reached a climax, and the invincible one performed all kinds of pranks, lt cost toma- hawks and knives about witli thu grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. Clue, night while the family were engaged reciting thc Tiosary-they are Roman Catholics, aud retain the simple devotional habits of the1 ?Rhineland-the table round which they, knelt was suddenly lifted towards the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So annoying have been the manifesta- tions that the young fellow who came from Wagga Wagga with thc Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowden, em- ployed by them, has also left, saying that if lie were given thc selectiou he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly mysterious, but, however the sceptical, may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informnut states, the slightest doubt that every one of thc family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to thc father of the family, has thc tame story to tell. Mrs. Stein, who is .au English lady, with no tendency to thc superstitious, is UB convinced as she is of her existence that thc place ie haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's rcqucct, the Very Rev. Father Byrne visited thc selection, and though during the night and day be spout there bc saw or heard nothing, he investi- gated as far as possible thc affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Stcius nrc believers that they arc being annoyed by a power which eau act materially, talk like a ?nan or uoniun, all the time being invisible. Thc affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry should lake pince. 