PSYCHltS fORGE, 1 GHABLES McCAETHY, M.D. 'COSMOS.'; number 1. Beptember, - The Cosmos PabllBbi&g; Company. Limited, Sydney* £f.S.W- W. l£. Kao lardy and Co« Printer*, o2 Pittfltreet, Sydney. , j-n tne September number of ' Cosmos/ an illustrated Australian magazine published in Sydney, there 'appears a very interesting and instructive essay on Spooks, by Dr« McCarthy, of Elizabeth-street. The subjects touched on by the . doctor, are of such im portance and possess sdeh intrinsic value in themselves that we should hove liked to have been permitted to re-publish the whole article and the illnstratio&s;^given with it. Unfortunately, however, the law of copy right forbids, we are therefore compelled to illustrate the theme in our own original manner. We now quote the doctor's own words u Fer some time past 1 myself, with some members of the medical profession here, have been engaged in an investigation into the nature and developments of this same force, with a view to ita possible utilisation in our healing art. Though having had since boyhood many strange personaLexperiences in telepathic dreams, clair voyan^visions, and premonitions of tho death of relations/ all of which phenomena were 8trangelyf and some, alas ! sadly verified, yet many years passed by before 1 gave serious thought to this subject, which may be regarded as invited with a Bpecial medical interest. True it 1b, however, that in many points in connection with it, I remained not alone sceptical, bnt felt that those who believed in certain occult occurrences were arrant fools. So I re* ' mained until accident led me to investigate personally, when, step by step, 1 was intro duced into a knowledge and forced into an acceptance of all the phenomena that I j generously designated fraudulent or impos sible, X have Bince had the oppor | tanity of many times witnessing certain I +v-« fUOOCB W4. JVVUlPBU Bitiveness} even including the perfect temporary materialization of living, moving, intelligent human forms, which sometime^ possessed a grace of outline and deportment that would satisfy the most artistic eye. I have epoken to} felt, examined medically, and photographed certain of these forms, in three instances getting the psychic and forms photographed together on the same plate, and I have witnessed many of these forms undergo the process of so-called dematerialisation. I have, in nresence of abundant witnesses, seen these marvellous i phenomena occur even without the usual t- Cabinet,' and when such was used, 1 hav* seen, touched, and spoken to the medium and form together. In one instance, when the curtain was purposely raised for me by the form, I witnessed the entranced, sensi tive i Mrs. ? , of Sydney, t© whom I stood quite close, considerably reduced in size from the material evolved in the materialising process. 1 have been freely and most graciously afforded by this famous materialising medium The L&iy; Undergoing barbarous and Unnecessary Tests a lady who has already undergone at the hands of investigators the barbarous and unnecessary testa of iron cages with Chubb's locks, cat-gut thongs, ropes with letter locks, copper-wire drawn through the ears and fastened to the floor, handcuffs, straight jacket, etc., bnt whose power was exhibited in spite of such treatment— a lady whose extraordinary gift should mark her as one of tbe prodigies of the present century — and am still afforded by her, every possible facility fer investigation. She has given me ai'Tt c-hlo liche, te name any tests I please, which I hBve done accordingly, and to all of which she has readily acceded. Thus far I can state as the proof of materialisation that I can already, from my experience with Mrs. M ? alone, produce evidence go abundant, so consecutive, so closely knit and convincing, that, as I have stated in a certain controversy, were it to be adduced, say, in the course of a trial fpr one's life, one-tenth part of it would, I believe, be accepted as final by any jury in the civiliBed world. 'Although ' the dynamic effect of this agent on inert material has been well de monstrated by Mr. Crookes, we investigators, Thomas-like, must see for ourselves. It goes without vaying that the more simple the The Physlsally ' Bmlc?9d'Jk--aeetio. means adopted for proofTth^^H general fOATiottoa It irill bring. Ther^^Bn eome time past I have thought, over the^Rscovery of some simple and final jneans of settling this question of psyohio force for ' at least my medical friends, and at last I hit upon a very convincing test, which 1 have called the 'door test.' In my experiments in the various phases of psychia force 1 have been considerably aided by a servant of orirs, who possesses a good deal of undeveloped psychic power of the kind known us ' phy sical,' aa evidenced by, sometimes, violent table movements, concussive sounds, ' levi tations' of solid bodied ' levitations' of the psychic herself, etc. ? Our door test is as follows £ny door will ansW.er, but preferably one that,4hough . heavy, swinge freely on its hinges. The ' sensitive ' stands in broad daylighfror full gaslight, before an unbolted and unopened door, holding her hands fiat a few inches away from it. No part of the. body or clothes ig allowed to touch the door,, which, if power be present, as it usually is, is»seento tremble ox vibrate. The psychic's^inaided power, however, is not sufficient to cause it to open ; but when any other person in eym' pathy with her approaches the door in a similar manner, without contact itfites epen, sometimes so forcibly as almost to break (the hinges. On one occasion when I gave psychic help, a£ 1 generally do in the way mentioned, 'It Dragged Into the Stem a Uedioal Friend and Fellow Investigator:' Dr. F. who was testing the force by holding on firmly to the doorhandle. A xnodifiction of this interesting experiment I have fre quently tried thus : Two or more persons, specially sensitive, and perhaps sceptical or lacking sympathy, are 'placed in contact, one behind the other, the hands of the first extended as usual wiiiwut touching the door, eur servant standing beside them, extending her hands. No result follows ; but if 1 touch the individual, eren through thedress] or sometimes if I come close without contact, the necessary something is supplied and the door fiies swiftly-open. Strange, also, when it is open, the sensitive and myself can get to close (sometimes forcibly) against our hands. This may be regarded as attraction, | the former as repulsion. Of course, attimes, for reasons' given later . on, these tents are slow to act, and occasionally fail, ..but this ; very rarely indeed. ... _ _ ' lhave on several occasions expressed my I belief that the force evolved from our, psychics is enormous. £ nowam-more than ever convinced that it is so. Beferrisg back we find that the utmost limit-of its measure ment recorded by Mr. Cieokes in his cele- j brated experiments with D. D. Home was ! Sibs. Eeference to p published .statement, 1 which can if required be attested on oath, will show that the force from onr domestic psychic, with what small aid 1 conld give her registered in iny firstesperiment 252bF„ and in my last experiment (July 8. 1S91). the enormous pressure ef 3Glbs in a massive door, this not alone without contact, bnt actually at a distance of one yard. , Even, however, in the pha&e; of mate rialisation, which t^kes many patient years to develop, it is possible in those possessed of extraordinary and thoroughly developed psychic power to momentarily antagonise the effect of full daylight. 1 have in my possession at least eleven good photographic negatives of human forms materialised in fnll daylight, under most stringent condi tions, through Mrs. hi ? , of Sydney, who is regarded as one ef the best materialising psychics in the vorld. The last of these seances — one of a series of special tests — has been sworn to by the witnesses, by the psychic and by myself. So successful an effort at antagonising tbe effect of light necessitated an exceedingly great expendi ture of force on the part of this remark able lady, who could never have so well succeeded if Bhe had not aiding her a thoroughly harmonious circle from which to draw additional power. The effort, sub conscious though it was, at antagonizing the effect of daylight on these occasions, was found by me, on immediate medical examina tion, to have had a very exhausting effect on Both SLw- H — and ihe Material ia ' form Getting Into Position Together . for the Photograph. the sensitive, who, on one occasion, all but j faintsi eshsca.uently j hu3l$thii- .-M»iuUon | was superadded shook from sndden deralu tJon'Oi collapsing of the materialized form, through » too bright light, and the conse quent sudden retro-cession into thepajchic't body of evolved material. This latter waa sIbo well demonstrated tome, more especially in the last teBt photographic seance in my. house, Mrs. M. ? having been searched previously,- as sworn to. It happened as follows : — Subsequent to the exposure of one of the photographic plates intended to catch an impression of one of these forms known as ' Geordie,' together with Mrs. M ? . on the fame plate, it was decided that Geordie should -show himself. ? (I may mention, order that the disintegrating effect of staring. at a figure should not be superadded to that of full light, we kept ohr backs to tiie cur tained recess, but a. mirror was surrepti tiously employed, through which two of onr number distinctly recognised, asalsoswom to. Tbe former, whose head, with closed eyes, was visible over Geordie's shoulder, was noticed to stir, or rather jerk, at the Instant of exposure. This was subsequently verified by the photographs.) Geordie announced in his own deep voice that he would do as desired. We then all looked direct; he pulled the curtain apart, showed himself for a few seconds, and then disappeared. -At that instant Mrs. M ? . was heard to cry out for somebody to come to her, as she felt very weak. I immediately rushed over. Geordie, whom we had all seen a few seconds before, was gone ; Mrs. M ? . 1 found in a state of violent spasmodic tremor and cemi collapse. The strangely-counteracting effect of direct concentrated staring, especially if collective (an effect frequently noticeable ixt our door test, but much more so in higher phases, having been known to locally disintegrate the drapery, er 'Bore holes in the entrance of material ised body,' may possibly be explained by either stme antagonising intersection ot light vibrations or some disturbing fiuidic emanation, either bom the yes themselves, or coming from tbe entire body, and crystalized, so to speak, by the sense then in active operation. Of course, in materializing seances, other then the extremely difficult efforts for photo- j graphic purposes in daylight, theseforms can be looked at continuously, but it is always j well to look calmly and not to concentrate I the gaze. ^ \ Referring to the above, the 'Evening News' of Thursday last has the follow ing ' We have just received information that a fatal discovery his gone far to dissipate the spook mania under which Sydney, or a small scction of Sydney, has of late been laboring. ' Without going into names and particulars of place it may be well to recall that there have been vouchsafed lately, to certain care fully convoked persons, visions of female ! spirits— the spirit of a little black girl— and of a male bearded spirit. These mysterioos beings ' materialised' under certain strictly prescribed conditions. The person who could summon them from the vasty deep retired, into a cabinet, shielded from the-vulgar gaie by enrtains ; the lights were turned doirn very low ; then the expectant ghostseers joined hands and sang. Then the ghost (generally tbe little feminine ghost) ap peared, and indulged in the unghostly, but very feminine, antics of easing chocolate creams and distributing flowers. These things were preceded by certain lappings— the recognised mode of csmmnnication of the spirit world. The spectators were always advised that an attesept to seize the ghost would be injnrious to the medium, who was in a trance behind the curtain — a,shfick to the medium's nerves. ' On Friday two sceptics, ' who had attended several seances with a view to in vestigation, made an attempt to seize the ghost. It succeeded. It was injnriouff. to the medium's nerves. Bat the medium tr.fs not in a trSnce behind the curtain. Thn medium was seized. The medium had on a black mask and - white drapery round the head. The medium was barefooted. The medium's shoes and stock ings were behind the curtain. Behind the enrtain was a black false beard, and a shawl. 'Since these events there has Ijoen a meet ing. The medium wants mere seances under conditions. The investigators; wantmo more; they are convinced that the whole affair is a humbug. ' A statutory declaration o^theabow facts has been swom.' 