CHAPxKR VII. HE HOPED THAT II 15 WAS LEW TUK SOLIS . AHUITEB OV. KATHI.UUN'S DICSTJNY. Sro JoiiN, BKKKKI-KY had ridden, at a walking jmce, for some miles in tho direction of Arthéwry, which was also that of Garuragli, ore his brother overtook; him,: his horse reeking with sweat and trembling in ovci'y limb. " What the deuce have you been coming along at such a paco for ? I say, George, tho horse flesh that you take it out of in that manner must hence- forth be not mine but your own." \ " AU'.right, brother, but. the need won't happen again. The fact, is that I didn't relish the idea of riding through^ the gap' and ''past the bog bf 'Ardmöhr''alone, ' after what that Avomau. said to you to-night ; and had Inotovertakenyouboforeyou got to it I múat have done so, you know." ' " I should have thought far better alone th un. in my company if you have really attached any importance to what she said," retorted the elder brother jokingly, yet with a,sneer iii i his voice nevertheless. - , ! "John, you cauuot really suppose that I believe that wretched crea- ture's prediction even pomib/e of ful- filment, as far as you, and I, and tho bog are concerned. For all that it is a weird and uncanny looking spot, and I'd far rather ride through it at such an hour in your company than I would alone. Many a man who doesn't believe in ghosts would never thelessayóid going through a church- yard at midnight, even though it was his shortest way homo." . "Would he, indeed? Well, I for one shouldn't have:thought so. But how did you leave Patrick Desmond ! -Not in articulo mortis I'll be bound." ' Well,'not oxactly. He drank all my brandy, pitched away the flask,' thanked me for my good offices with a prodigal' number: of curses, and b'áde 'me tell yr>a that though lie gave,; you Vbe'st, tor thö present, yet that ? ne only was entitled to boast: who won in the long run. Last ol' all, he expressed tho hope that yon wouldn't gef killed ' by the Russians, because he should like you to conie homo.to,,be introduced, to Mrs. Des- mond, which lie vowed that Kath- leen O'Connor should become within a year and a day." -'j ' " Why a year and a day ?" .; I ./'I don't know : a Galway, or at all events'West of Ireland expression,. take, it." - '- ; : .,;'.,'" And what answoir did you make to all such vapouring on his part ?" ; "I morely said to him : 'All right old fellow; ii' you can win her wed .hoi*, but I don't think that you'll succeed in doing either, whilst I and1 her mother have the safe guarding of her';, noxV by tho Lord in heaven shall lie." ' '/ "'' "1 "'' - ,V;',"I thank you, for your /.eal in my service, George, though I should not have thought you capable ; of work- ing' up your fervour to such a rod hot heat. Well, what said he then ?", " Declared-that I was just fitted to; assist a selfish and tyrannical old woman in the persecution of an innocent and unhappy girl who had never done me the least harm; and he added, as he looked me insolently up and down, that he wouldn't have to bo jea/oits of me at any rate ; say 'ing'^whieli. -'he jumped on his horse: and gaUoped off, and I do assure you he-had angered me to such a degree that I could scarcely restrain myself from sending a-bullet after him.'' I :, " George, you are ' coming out in iquite a . now character. Hitherto it has generally taken; a great deal to anger you." ? ' , ' I.' : -,! " No man likes his bodily imperfec- tions to ba.made sport of, especially in connection with a 'young' and pretty girl." ? " Why not, when tho girl neither is nor ever can be auythmgi to _him anything more than 'a . sister-in-law,-' that is to soy?" .". ' ' 1 ' , George Berkeley shuddered slightly and then answered sullenly:-. "It's deucedly unpleasant, all the same ; I've felt very jnisorable lamely over, my .bodily iinperfections, [and that fellow touchod, me fairly, bri th» x-aw. You handsome and well-made men cannot enter into tho feelings of a ' mis-stinpen abortion like myself, en-lowed with all, the faculties for loving, yet knowing that ono can nevin- bè loved in turn-nye, never be oven gazed on kindly,save m charity." "Don't be ridiculous, George. AVasn't Byron loved-aye, by a score of women-and yet hud he not just aucli a. flint as yon- have i " Aye, but ho wasn't loved by the girl whom hu loved ; that's whero tho shoe pinched him." " \\\ ha t, can it be possible that yon love and are not loved in turn, yet have never given me as much as an inkling of the matter until now*? "What is her name, pray ?" " "No; no, there is no ono yet-J. was only thinking of what might happen in the-the-the distant future ; tluit is all, 'pon.my soul it is, so let us drop tho subject altogether, John, for we aro just, entering the gorge of Ard- mohr, and yonder lies its sad and sullen looking bog, cooped up be- tween hills that ai'o as dreary-looking as its own inky-hued slush and ooze. Nothing possessed of life seems, to grow anywhere ai'ound it. But did you ever hoar that it moved ? I can't picture to myself a bog in motion." " Can't you, and yet its not so very rare a thing, in cases whore a bog is pent in between two hills as that one is. You see it is fed by streams from both of thom, and finding no outlet, for your true bog is by no means porous, tjioy at,.last set it in motion, and '"propel'" it; onwards - though always nt a törtoise-like pace, and never, for any groat distance, J be- lieve. The Bog of Ardmohr, I have been told, lias1 covered an extra mile of ground in about a score of j-eai's. It ; begins to move just after a A'ory wet season, at tho rate of three ur four yards an hour, but after a day or two it, invariably conies to à stand- still once more moreland so remains for, perhaps, many, months, ero it takes a fresh start. ' "'Is it deöp V" I ..." Tho country people - the more Irish, you know-declare it to be bottomless. That, of course, is all fudge, yet I believe it to be very deep in places-perhaps as deep tis the hills that hem it in are high. It is rather a morass than a true bog, for the latter is generally traversable, with due care, but this ono is not, for so light an animal as a dog will sink into it and be smothered instantly. A couple of years ago I thought seriously of draining it, for 'tis "on my estate, you know,.and covers just a hundred acres thereof. I was over-persuaded, however, that, the ground reclaimed thereby would never repay the cost bf improving it off the face of creation, so like a wise mali I let it be. Our seeress hns dis- covered a use for it to-night that I had never before dreamed of." ;." Lot us forget her and her predic- tion, at all events whilst we are in full' view of that awful looking place, .lohn," pleaded almost piteously tho ! younger brothel'. ' "George, how strangely you talk. Ono would think, to listen to you, ?'that you"really'deemed mo capable of such a deed. No, hang it all, I might bo ' tempted so to servo, whilst the devil was strong within me, anyone 'W'hó,'by underhand dealing robbed ino of 'Kathleen O'Connor; but no other'offence ?whatever ? could induce nie to inflict siich a punishment as that «poor demented creature of a woman laid' to my future charge," retorod Sir John, in somewhat irrit able tones.: 1 ' ? ' " But you might cío it foi* that ?" ''The! opportunity tempting, and the devil having sufficient power over mo at the time, owing to my naturally irascible and \ somewhat vindictive; nature, I possibly.'might: But what on earth is the use of sup- posing such an altogether impossible occurrence? I cant imagine what has come 'over you' to- night, George. Your face is as white as the full moon that is at this moment shining down upon it, and you appear to me to have suddenly grown as supersti- tious as the ignorant Irish pèasantry by whom we are surrounded." " Sonití; minds are more prone than pthors.'tb'take colour from their, local surroundings, ànd the.sedentary stu- dent is, generally,milch more given to superstition than the man of action, for the former mostly holds parley with the dead, and the latter with 'tlie; living."' However, now that, we lia ve left that truly accursed looking' placo behind us, I shall quickly: be ray usual self again." ' '.. ; "I hope soi for both our -sakes, observed Iiis brother drily, but thence forward ho was silent and taciturn, as though George had given him deep'; oft'erice,; arid the latter hardly dared to address : him, perhaps [be- cause he. feared that he had done so, perchance by i*enson that he dreaded ffi'Ù\miïcKwoi}8eiyvho shall say? ; ?.'.[."The.' next, br , rather' that very morning, at the breakfast table, how- ever, the 'non-understanding rather than tho ' 7/¿/a-understanding ' which had risen between tlie brothers, had apparently quite passed away. [ i Sir John spoke cheei'f ully ' of the long lourney that lie was on the point; of taking, and', of the hard knocks [which he hoped to bestow upon.the Russians at the end of it. » He vowed that he woulds not come, back iintil;'air the fighting was over, last. however, long itV inightj '' told George to te sure to preserve Kath- leen for him, safe from all machina- tions pf . Patrick ' Desmond, and fin- ally,charged bini to soe that justice was done,; in, the case, óf \ the dead poacher, and also ; tb; make ¿very endeavour to befriend his widow and children, if they would only permit of it. ' "."?' "?''' '"'?' ?" "/'"';; .-;;;: Then, ,ini one hour more,1 after a most affectionate and brotherly leave- taking* at'the 'roadside railway station, he was pff by express train to Dublin,, from whence [the transport was; topsail,1 and George Berkeley felt: that; lie was at all 'events sole master/ of, ,Garuragh and [its broad estates\p.ro .tem ; and also,.,he was fain to1 bópej the sole arbiter oili Kath- leen p'Connpr's^destiny." " '['' "- [J-.?;(,? (To he continued in Tuesday's.issue.),, 