CRABIUOLE JIMlMY'S FURTHER EXPERIENCES. (From the War Cry) DON'r makeno error aboutiny travelling expenses, for the Army don't have to stand tile racket. It's me own tin I'm blueing, so nobody needn't get into any sweat about it. I'm starting with this for fear some mean ol' buffer might ha' been raising a dust. If anybody does you can tell him to stow it. I'd often run agin Scotties at home. Lots of 'em are squatters and overseers in the back country ; fellers who can keep the stuff they earn and make their piles where a colonial'd starve. I'm not overgone on their brand, but yell can't worry through in anew country without a few of 'em to lay yell on to how the dirt can be got without any to start with. They don't go much on 'em in London. Tihe General an' the Comn. took me to Scotland, and the Editor said I could wrire this if it'd do me any good, but I didn't mean to till there was such a rush to the form in the mneerinns,; iith 'hun dreds o' them joining "be Comn.hibd' them bad in every place, an' they were taking the fences reg'lar higth-fliers lfore they knew. You know his style makes them get on their pins an' then leaves 'em there till they throsilup the sponge. It's as good as: a wallaby" drive where yeb head 11a 'the brutes into a corner an' then pot 'eni as.fast as ehl can load an' fire. 'lThe General's a stunning good talker an' a daisy at giving his testimony. Sometimes when his cold's better lie can string it out for an hour, an' then get up an' work off some more ,itlirolti thinking it up. He must have his liead. jam' frill o'diffeient kinds o' testimonies all branded '.o lie'll know 'em again. lie must be ;as strong's a horse, too. How: would.'yoti like three big goes every day an' a boy always bringing telegrams you're afraid to open for fear it's some o' your relations dead. The General's yarns are great. He goes for tile Scotties like the man -the Staff was trying to. run me about. This man used to kill fleas by first tickling them and then pouring boiling water down their throats. That's how he does, he makes 'em laugh an' then gives it to them plump from the shoulder while they -ain't looking. Me an' him's pretty good chums, only he sits on me every little spell so's I shan't forget anything. I don't care a dump. You fellers don't get a chance o' being jumped on, so I'm one ahead. Colonel Lawley gen'ally trots round with him. He wants to come to Aus tralia, an' says he'd like to do a meeting at Cow Flat. He'd knock'em all right. He prays in an awfuil tear, jest like a dog worrying sheep, and when he's on thile pitch giving his experience he works it off crying fashion as if his mother had died.,-- H- has-a round, jolly lace like a town hall clock, tin' except when he's piling in the heavy stuff he's always la?i?ghing an'singing, an' full of devil ment. Ie's unst the kind that'd "go down at the 1'lat. I told him he could have a shake-down in my lumpey if he ever coheL--lhimr an' bis ;missis an' the young 'unrs. Heaps o' fellers want to go to Aus tralia; if they're all let the Army'll go bung 'bout here. It wns a terror trying to rake up news for this report. I couldn't drop to the lingo, it's like English, but all twisted up. If they can't get the hang o'-tlheithiig..and rattle off in a language; tlhat yell can understand they ought to give it a rest. 'That's my notion. Then they' n'ever anrswer y:eli square. "I was tarking stock o' the Glasgow Town Hall and asked a Salvo.. what it was:iuilt of.. '"Stone,"'hle sex. WeIll, anJy iool can tell that, sez I, but what sort of stone. " \Vhy, quarry stone," le ';said, inad lir seemed quite huffy. So, yeh see, there's no chance o' getting ohews out o' them any more'n cash. The first thing I spotted fronm th?e raiilar line was tlhat the farmers stock all their hay on the roof o' their huts an' lieds, an' some of it lias been there so long it's rotten an' sour. This don't look a very culte line, but :'ve lherdr.oni the q.Lt tint they lihave no 'roof, n'"the hay is instead o' bark or iron:.. " Glas gow si;v s one of thle plitces iwe sariveand :we'uidno tbeen. iherean minute !fore a regiment of soldiers came along without any pants in' their slhirts made out o' shawls hanging down like "giddy giddy.go'uts." They had horses', tail hanging. down from their beltsr and three:) paint .brtshes. '":Some o' theim were plar"ing, i.music on a ,,ig-skin, like the Poirt Said :fellowe 'les 'irteriirg the streets witl.h. oou'd ha' had some sport over tie musieto it was like. s if trile pig hiad only ji;st had its throat cut and wias sqiiealing with agonyl. H l'rte swornen we saw in Scotlandl didn't wetar any bdoois?in stockings or htirs or dresses only nnderneath toggery and shawls. I ilthouglrt yel'd like to know. 'The liouses are pretty queerish. The night I Iad to sleep at a billet, when I give the brass thin"g- that rings thie bell r pull, tle door openeti,; ind :I;s was jest imooching in when I twigged there sas nobody. there. It wris very dark, with the moonlight hopping about. nn thIe stairs, and.I got thIe notioiflibere was a ghost on the job an' mnioihair all.got cold. After 'saiting agoodish- bit i give her another lug fi' then Ien.rl a creeping away up above and a noise began to come down hundreds of stairs -thump thump! tulnip IMe hleart nearly choked me; it's only by a fluke I hung on. Well, it was rlth' o woman, ahn' she wanted to know wiry I didn't come up. as if I was going to sne'lk into a horise likon Irurgliar. Srhe lei me into the dodge alter. A Scotty can fossick out a playine lend a dash sight quicler'n anybody else; an' u long time back, when the land boom got on ins feet, a jolly mean ohl Sanr"y hlit on tire pinrr o' building erone house on toil of another to save land and roofs. This woman hurng out on what they call a top flat an' had opened the door with a wim-wom made of iron. The people sleep in cupboards in the kitchen in most parts, and in some places everybody sleeps in the same cupboard. That's all I've been able to rake up about Scotland. Perhaps the Com. or the Staff will know some more. I'll buy yeh a hook about them if yeh like; it wouldn't run me into much and I know me pals 'd like to hear some more about their outlandish ways. .Jiaarr T1HOPusoN. 