The Interregnum. At the time of writing we are virtually in an interregnum. The Dibbs Ministry, which has long been on the point of death, has at last had the grace to give up the ghost. Unlike Charles II., of pious memory, who apologised to those who were in attendance for being such an unconsionable time in dying, the Dibbs Government, through their organ, boast that they hastened their own dissolution and put an end to their official life at the earliest possible moment. It seems they wanted to appoint seven members to the Legislative Council. The Governor would only agree to appoint five. There upon a deadlock, and they handed in their resignation. But according to the official organ negotiations went on until Monday,' when the resignations were finally accepted. In a sulk the retiring Premier would not advise the Governor as to whom ho should send for. Gover nor Duff, on his own responsibility, sent for G. II. Reid, who undertook the task. These different matters have been quite a godsend to the constitutional authori ties who write in the daily Press. One dryasdust authority defends Dibbs ; another defends tho Governor. It does not matter two pins which was in the right. Apart from any question of musty precedent, it was a piece of impudence for Dibbs, after the elections had gone so completely against him, to wish to check mate the popular House by appointing seven of his dummies to the Council. But if there was only a difference of two why did they not either toss up or split the difference. The homely way of settling the matter would not have shattered the constitution and would have got rid of a great many difficulties. But the constitutional problems and the personal affronts did not end with the retirement of the Dibbs Ministry. The 'Governor, following the dictates of com mon sense, sent for G. II. Reid, who was undoubtedly the Leader of the Opposition f and the Leader of the Freetrade and Land Tax Party. This, of course, was a per sonal affront to Sir Henry Parkes, who thinks he has a pre-emptive right to be leader. A banquet was to be given to Reid, to which Sir Henry Parkes was to be invited. A meeting of the Freetrade Party was summoned for Wednesday afternoon, to which Sir Henry Parkes wa,s also invited, but which he would not a^teml if he was to play second fiddle or no fiddle. Hence more sulks and more constitutional problems. It will strike most people as a sensible thing for G. II. Reid to call his party together to consult them about the formation of the . new Ministry. Not so Sir Henry Parkes. It is a grave constitutional blunder thinks the played-out Freetrade Leader. It is hawking the Governor's Commission about. As though this is not what is always done. Only Reid has done openly what others do secretly. ' x* The' meeting held on Tuesday after noon seems to have been a meeting of Freetrade members and of Freetrade members only. Confidence was expressed in G. H. Reid as the leader of the whole of the 50 members who wore present, with the exception of about two ; and this is practically about all that was done. Meanwhile G. II. Reid goes on his way rejoicing, and sets to work diligently to /' construct his Cabinet. Before this /' number is in the hands of the reader he will, no doubt, have completed his task. ' # Tho position is one of grave moment to the cause of Labor, and it is one that calls for clear judgment and prompt and decisive action. The Labor Party has not been fighting merely to put Dibbs out and Reid in. Neither has it been fighting to destroy commercial Protection' ? and to „ set up commercial Freetrade. It may be that these are necessary steps to a real advance in reform measures. And if any substantial progress is to be made . it is desirable that the Democratic Party should look at the facts, and not be led away by mere claptrap. Tons of rubbish have been talked during the election. Now is tho time for settling down to quiet work. n Under the circumstances G. II. Reid could not well do anything else than send out invitations to Freetrade members only. He was, no doubt, elected on the Freetrade ticket. True he went further .. than such Conservative Freetraders as -^''-Millan, and advocated a tax on land valuEST 'But he is first, and chiefly, a Freetrader, .and , -this must be borne in ' mind. Of courstWfclie difference between him and the true ^SlfjnocL-atic Party is „ clear. He says — FreetraV^ ^rst- auc^ then a tax on unimproved lami' 'a'uos to ma'{e up the deficiency. Wo „y — Land tax first, and ' then use the' revenue thus gained in whatever direct?!1011 seems fco most desirable. It is for jf the Labor Party to consider how they will fact in order to secure the ends they have t in view- 'which are well-expressed by oul WhitG .correspondent in this issr^ --ie — 'That the worker shall have the frui) of his toil.' 7 ( J. M. D. 