THE NOVELIST. [Coes-aonr.] TALMUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen ..L1 Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, By IVAN DEXTER. OHAPTER VIII. CosterIoen. The faces and cubes were so arrangcd that they reflected the light from one to the other in the most perfect manner. Some of the crystals appeared to have drops of water enclosed within them, 'and this added to the effect. The floor was composed of thi some pollucid material, bult by some agency it had been ' frosted' or dulled. This at once :attrac'ed the notice of Strang way. " How has this been done I wonder? It seems marvellous that anything short of human agency could have made this floor as it is." ' Perhalps it has been done by walk ing on it. Whatever mnade the paths we saw in the passage may have done it," replied Stanley. " No this has been done by hand and by design. I know a little about these things," Stranguay answered. Talmud did not reem to take the least interest in the chamber. He eyed it much as a person mighlit a familiar street. For at least an hour the party remainel feasting their eyes on the wonderous chamber, but at length the seriousness of their position forced itself on them, and they went on their apparently hopeless quest of finding the clue to the aInbyrinth. The possaee which Talmud took led almost abruptly downwards. and after clambering after him for niearly two ihundred feet the wel comte sound of splashing water greeted the ears of the two explorers. A descent of about twenty feet brought themn to a small spring, which trickled out of a rocky wall into a basin beneath. Talmnud had already ipartaken freely of 'the re freshing Iluid, and his exaImpleC wa soon followed by his comtpanions After quenchingll their thlir'st, the hopes of the party were somewhat revivedl Hitherto tihe vaults and passages hadl 'been remarkabley dry, and ithe horrors of thirst which had been experiencel by Stanlcey andt Strangway in other days rose bhore tIhem. They now decidled to ImaOke anotheri start. Fitr what seettnd ia qiarter. of ta mile. the stub errtanetn wailk was contittnued, and tlheni a slight cry of alarm escaped Stantl, who wi as closely followintg Titlitiit. Somiet dis tance aheal ite could disce:n a dutll red glow likf tthe reille ion of a lire. As Strangnway reachled him hie also noticed it. " What can it mein ? " lhe sked. "I can't te a volcano or a sIutibering crater surely," Stanley answered. As Tialnutd kelipt aheadt the two men followed in awe-strnck silence. The otiiotls glow did not increase muchIi in brilliancy, but still it was stnficiently startling to nainaze the expslorers. The passage was slightly curved, and as they proceeded, tihe reflection got larger. Fifty yards further on the full sigh' ,burst on them, as they canme in view of a vast concave wall, which glowed like tith lire embers of a fire. ' It is iano:lher kind of mineral I see. It nitst h3 the rare red crystal, and like the other place this has niot bean all shaped by chance," Strangway said to his companion. SThe effect of this second chanmbelr, for such itreally was-did not striket the obs 'rver as so bri'liant as the first one. It was gorgeous enough, however, andi for half an lhoir, the two men took in its rare beau'ies. "Why its eight o'clock in the t een ing," Stanley exc!aimeld, looking at his watch. "I dare say it is. We did not leave that awrful valley untiil nearly ten o'clock. ans- yos know ho- v iany lhours we lava lietil oundetii; albout siinca," answesired his c'm-anion. "This pa sage sceems to end Ihere. Kad ws not better get back to the ater ? " astel Stanley, 1 Yes we ttay as well go that way. it s ask M'aIiiud what lie intends doitig? " I ih th men went, to wheres Talwmud was s'andtlig ill apparantlydeep thouight nwl Stonloy iiiil - " Who is the best thing for uits to do? Cal yon latl us out of this pliece " I 'II stliitng' man shook his iheaId in a 'h.ipelaso way. as if lie tun herstood tlhe titannitig of the qitestio', but wsutt'table ' aitr a a' isfactt y isri sct. i' I' ars going back to the water," 5 an'ssasy ailledl, poinsing as lie spoke \- s ie dlirection of the spring. S'ITilatmud nmals a gesturel of assent, and shoin r thi's, Srlatiey awl his conmrotde led Cit-u way, wh-ilst the o'itis' follosowed ,closcly bellilil. l'lue -ay was easily titunt m, tutu tiled teitil titeit hr iio m- nos ¶ui,-nsnimut thuouhltts tiotie of tie men spoke ,lurlieg the reton jon nitey. I I efel tircd ott, Stitley said wolin ti' spairiiin or icO: cluod. Lot tis hlave tnit tioir st est, aOt I thtmt irs can go on X* Yes niihit ot' dily mitakCes no differ new to iu iii this place," Stratgiray In'ded bitte ly. A fte tnototler drittir, a ft-action of the ,rettiitinsg ftol osasdieir. ii betweeti tCie lost expltuers miid titoet each 1it'st tmttle ithittts'f as cotifiortoble as hle coinitl il such a lilac-s. T'iey wore all itte'rly searied ot'. Their oxperi-tie's of the presiots nthelt had been a lerrible o-e All through the hlours of daukness thltsy hlai baen battlitig agaiiist tue fire, uitnd their escnpi foni tshe drea 1 glen or-is ii mot tryingS ordeal. What writl thle thi, sntikes, ndti the 'aryinig deithi lof water, the passage . taxed the mntiutital atid physical abilities of.tCie tiert to the utmost, Then the knoolselgo that thu-y were practicolly entomoibad Iwas like Cue last straw to their- macit taxedt lolies. Itcan osellbo imagined thur'fore linat the hour's rest asked Jfr by Stanley should havs st-etch l - into nearly eight lhotrs ldeep snnltbrer. Stanley, Labhituitred to short watches by his seafaring liife, was the first to awake anrd he saw in the dim light that his two companrions still slept. Stretch ing hinmself wearily he rubbced his heavy eyes and was serior-ly.inclined to renew his slumber, when something at tihe top of the passage caught his eyes. It: will be remembered, that on leaving the first crystal chamber, the descent to the water was very steep. Now, where Stanley lay, lie could see the summit of the. abrupt slope, and as lie looked upward, his wide-opon eyes stared fixedly at a figure looking down from it. A ligure ! Rather a phantom. For several nmoments lie gazed rpeechIess with terror, for that lie sw a gihost lie never for mi moment doubted. At lengtlh a -low cry burst from 'his parchel lips and it in stantly awoke Stirangway. - What's that 2" Did you call me 2" he asked. He looked towmards lIs comrade as he spolke, ruibbingr his eyes arnd yawninig ia one whr Isiss just isoieh out of a ii' iavy sleep. Staunley's lips formed the wvord "Look !" It was only fairitly whispered but iii that subterranean gallery it reached the ears of Strangway. SittiSng ps, his eyes involiuntary turnted in tihe direc'iou which hris corllrrtde's was fixed. 'J he apparition wcas still there and was that of tiir usual orthodox ghost; A humani figure with a lhumian face wass there, lbut it was the cotttenriance of a dead man. The light from the crystal caverrn lbrone to the top of tihe desceint but that could rot ac counti for tihe unirear lly' apipe'arince of tihe weird vistnant. With thre ececep i1in of ti face and hIea'l, . I le i, are wais clothed from tihe inoe Ik to tihe feet with a gown of snowy whliten"ss rand in foldls whic h bore somuie recseilblraer to thle gown of a Druid. fiSti':rangway was just as. much taken by surplrise its Stanlly rindrl for a imoment or so lie toro was silent with emiotiion. Thie slight noise lie made, had awakened T'liud wll) was some lii le dlistatce frrtlher down tihe passage. The latter oil rising was surprised to see tlhe rttitndresof his two compatinions and ihe gloved towardls tihem. As lie dlild so Ie noticed they were both lrooliri r np it'rd. Hle ilapproach'ed niearer and dill tire same, and iis lie (lid so Ire nrv'e voice to a cry that reechoed tlhrr'-ugh the cavern nod eaused Gtiuriny and Stra'ngw'ay I i spring to their feet with ilarm. The littier es'ld Iris irevol'ver and stood ipntn his cnitd, lbut TaIIlmu took olit ithe slighltest inotice of hin. Witih on'-stretei d airnns he began to call nion the figure r it the top in the utcont!hi laingriage which had so siulita t iii tiwo explorers oin Iprevious occasions. ihe ceasedi in less than a minute and t'i the unbiitndtil astonish imeit of thie two meni tihe lappiari:ion t tihe sinniiit begirn to sipeak in thre sitme nnknown tongre. This nwas kept tlup for a few minuites iiwheni Tainuiiii turned to his companjiions and breckoned themii to follow irim up tihe aiscent. lHe clanleredl rip a short tlistance but oil looking iiback c ndfinling tlhey. dlid niot resnpond lie returned. After miaking a few furious ges'ires lie pnased, while his friatures worked convusidvely und. at length lie ejaculated the word "Conie1!" CHAPTER IX. Tire CEMCETERY. Tihe fact was bohi Strangivway and Stanrley were afrii to follow Talnurud. Hearing himi converse with the appnarition at the thi of the srummrit, they naturally conrclrided ire was in league with it, and lthat at sInts wais aibout to pult some dia bolical sciheme into exectnion. ' He wants to lead uis to our di struc tion," Strangiray saidl imtpetfniisly. Stanley did nrot reply for ii few miomenits andu tion saidl " It scents to me wre cannot be worse off thaun we are It would be as well to imeet death it once than die here of hunger. Besides we are armned and they do rot napp'ar to bie." "ills I" bIrolke in Stra'rgwiay contemp tously, " of what use iwould firearmus be against siuch foes aits tlhese." " If they want to kill us, can they not do it jus asi will her-e as anylwhere else," againl n-grnctd Stanley. iThe Ipoint seeimed to Ihave somie effect on the ldoubnting strangway for hie repl'cd " Yes I believe you are right. Let uis go, and if there is treachery we imust do the best we canll." MeanwhClile Trltinud was gestiicula'ing anrd uirging the two 'explorers to follow himn. As they signified their assent, his face was illiiniedl with an expression ialmost ecstatic. Cltnmbering nup the steep incline, hle was soon foRllowecd bIy his comipanions and in a couple of minutes the three of tihem were on tihe suntntit. Stiin-y and Stni'igwiay loolked round ii an awec-struck way for the whi'e spectre, but it was nowrlhere to be sen. iRaising his voice, Talmud mIII ade i strange cry, and i. was instaintly ianswered by somie one a short distiance aheadl. He thi"n set off in tihe direction of the cry which wiasi rnercated - at intervals. Piising thriuglt the mogrilticent ci'ysiai i'rvrult which, ntwiittstiriniitg their extrnor dinarry pisition, the ito mteri could not Ih'ijp a'nimir'nig, they entered the ptaesrge through wrhriclh tire vault was at first reachreri. Shortly fuer, they again foinid tlherrrselves in the gigrantic gianri e cavern wilicl hIad so pinnl d ih mii. Strainli'wiy g'anccd around biut it wris ternrnatless. Tiet strange cry agiriri u:esotrnidect rind errtering the prissirge titrorigli which tIirr sounrtds cItre, tihe exislorers were riot lrig ini discovering that it wsys tire uiitie Iry iwhiclh they had got Iatii thi'-liulnytiri 'ii, Tuis at once restored tfie faith of tire scepicril Stratig'iwiy and hIe ireguinr to Irihve Ifll reliance ini the boan firles of his msysterious gride. Tiventuy inirties ralid ialking liii theii t tire fist. great climbsler' firomn whs're t )er'ir t' onlc's began. It wits here tlie disprirt bltw ic S ti'as 'g tiny rnui 'latini 1 rcitIrred iriren Ithe i1ii vice of tire loiteir strs rneglectn'd. As tsar isra ris P'sve mat reachli, ITus! 1 apieare I to -ta l ii gIuhrilo ''r iiito -Iis orvo hraii'ie 'Tih ' stie of ith irs tiusnk i -irs n lsngei' hearth ann 'Trhintr I - q stiesplunt r I it o tht prmaiuog his lii' indicnteal on tre p" virus lay,- Thin tihe his esminjriitiiirts folli' I ii it ith init lcitniri' It ii l it4 do for' a it shou iitiieir, rllntlieu i i. lieu I ti orrunrcen to islpe shiiiply upi..iirdsn. In a qtar'teir of an hosr a faint gleam of light was seen far ahead, and its thie men adL ivanced, there was no longer any doubt on their tminld, that they were saved From the depths of tile passage stars could be seen faintly shining. With in ten minutes, the three men. emerged into tile open air in a queer looking depression about thirty f. et deep. The son shone into Jit fiercely, and the disentombed travellers were niearly blilnded by its effulgence. Creeping into the shadows of a small tree close at hand, they remained there for at least two hours trying to acens torn themselves to the light. This did rnot take very long in the case of Strangway and Stanley, though for days afterwards their eyes were weak. As soon as they could venture out, they easily ascended the small incline, and found that they were on the extreme stnmitii of the great peak. The view nround was mnagnificient. For nearly fifty miles they could see to aill points of the compass. Far away to south enst stretched the country lwhich they would halive to traverse oil thi home ward journey, that they proposed at once to undertake. To the west, the misty out-lines of a vast sheet of water, now called Lake eAttimdens was visible. This inland sea is Ipeliaps t he largest sheet of water on the continent, and lies across tilhe dividing line hItween South and West AusIralia. 'towards the end of 1870, it was at its hligIh-st floodl. - T'o Ithe North lthe bluei olitnes of Mountts LUdor and Leilisard were diii y visible, whilst at other poinits sltmul peaks interspersed wi i bsparkling sheets of water or level plints could bele seen. tlhere was no ldoubt that the raige oil which they Stootd wmais i centre of an oasis in the aridl desert of Central Australia. Looking nearer horne the lower peak of range betwreen whlichl and the ir stand point the hidieots gully or glen in which they so nearly lpeishled was situated. I.t scenild but a stones throw fromi tllett. As they were looking, Straugnay ex claimed. ' hy tlhely, thlis is Clhristmas Day." " Yes I forgot all about Chlristumas, or any other dlay in that vault, where we were lixed up," candidly returned Stan ley. .'Tlhere are some strange lthinigs down there to bie yet foundl out. T'jl. mil, tIert., could tell us a lot if lie liked," Strangway remtarked. " He is like a imati who has forgotten how to speauk in the language lie was first tiuglht. iDo you retmembler the s'ru gle, lie had, to sar 'comie,' whel liie wanteld its to follow him from belo*v," Stanley saidl in a imusing tone. " I wtonder if lie micans to return with its. his friendus seemI to be in those caverns," answeredt Striangway. "We lhad letter ask liltn that qnuestion, and by the waty tell hlilm this is Clhristmas hay." Sittaigwaty went to Tatitteld, who was sitandig iundier the shade of all over ihanging rock, and totld hini whlat Stan lay suigcsted. A swift gleiami of intelli gence stwept across his face, wrue lie heard it was the 25th of Deceimber, tand to the interrodi lon, as to wrluthelr lie wished to aceomlpany them, lie ntoditled eagerly, anti vehemlently replied SYes." " Let us get back to the horses as soon as we cani. We will lhave ai job to reachl the oil ctamp lo-daly," Stanly said corning tip to the two imen. The remnant of the food was con stitedl by the starving mien, iand Strangway looked round in vain for an anitmal or bird to shoot. Smtoke still rose frotm the strange glet, and it had a peciliar odor, whlichl woulI probably keep iirls away. Leaiving their elervated position, the three ten m itude their way slowly dtlownwards. They lkept to the south for it short distance in order to get roundt the glen, but finding that they wouldl have to campit out all night if they took such a round-uln-bot course, they decided to boldly cross it. "The fire must ie well bitrned out by this timte, andl the scrub and snakes will be mlostly gone," Stanly argnted, and Strangwany atgreetd witlh lilt. There waits a descent of nearly five hlundrerd feet, before the ed, e of the glen was reached, and the route was an exceedingly rugged and difficult one. In some places tiinasture precipices of from ten to twelve feet in dlepth were encountered, and the travellers hadl to drop down thern as best they could. About mid lay the glen was reiachled, and it presented an extraordiavry ap lpearancee. Thile dense vegetation, which they had seen a couple of days pre vioutly had entirely vanishled, and all that reinnitedl was a comparatively level blecl surface. The smoke anlld flies had imatde the sombre rocks, which forimed the sides, an ebony hine, and even the rivulet which ran through the coflin shaped clhasm, seemed to flow with ink instead of water through the rellection or slhadonr of the rocks. Stuote ane still rising int various places aid tluose ott the sutnmit of the glen noticed that it had a most offensise sittell. - The aromatic aind ptitigent fuities were no longer present It was soune tittc before a safe hlilie to descend could be fouitd, bitt Staiiley it letigtli ntasiiged to nicke the descetit, and as Ii did so his cotluilstionts foll tred. 'Te stun being snlus'.s: sertict, tlhrue i's i.luln iilto thie gorge, - itid to soiie slight exueitt relieved its tomtbreness, bitt wheen tIhe exllorers agiti- foord ilith selves at th i bottotit they ex plerictiecd the stitie uiiiicuioufitiale fear, whlicel hlitd buest lthemii ott- the forumier ocension. "I doe't kitote hlon, it is but I do not feel at ease ini this place," Snlatiy said to his comrade. -. 'N~itlitr do I for thiat inat'er. I stlltioseu it is b cdtia-' the he orge is so glootmy gIti. forbidtbittg," was thie 'Oh no. You tnid I have been ho worse plces by fur thitti this, bit we took little ito-ice of ilteiti Lroo out the Ž i" '' le excltUItIied as a large etuoinh uncot1is i self iromn a cleft iii thintitk, itoh.gild-.d ott. htissitig at -Stntgirin'a. Tic Jli teci.did nut Ituive a stick, nalh ninie hiltig at hlnatd. hIe rose his gitit :'td shot 'hi ra plile. (n- tIne couTrIaco). T - 