Romance of Christmas. Vicissitudes of Fortune. As a season for family rounion, Christmas must nocossuvily liayo its romantic side, . Tho very fuot that tho Ohristmas dinner is tho rallying centre around whioh over v member of tho family mukos an offort to bo prosont, brings its own sad and painful memories. In tuo eourso of tho year, tho fqmiliar faco has disap peared, und the oinpty ohuir tells of a void' that cannot bs-fiUod. It must ho so ! Occasionally,'' .too, such a ohango in tho family cirolo is rondered all the moro tragio and romantic owing to tlio circumstances attending suoli a gap nt the Christmas hoard, "Death, it may ho, lias claimed its victim through some terriblo aocidont, either by sea or land, and ruthlessly snatched away, in the prime und rosy blush of life, tho heir to some noble' name. A fatal disease has oloscd tho career of another on' whom the eunBliine of brilliant success was already shedding famo and distinction. : Family history has many a .painful talo of snoh ' vioissitudes of fortune, and it is the yearly gatlioring of this kind at Christmas, whioh, amidst tlio laughter nnd merriment of tlio many whoro shadows' havo not yot fallen, suggests its own stem real romance, without- tho imagination of tho novolist's pon. There aro numerous old traditions of terrible deeds having been committed in days gono by, and of tho family gathering being yearly 'dis turbed at Olirietmnstldo by a restless spirit. Thoro is no lack of tales, whioh toll or tlio mostthrillingtragodiosonaotodinoortainoountiT houses in past conturies, the memory of whioh lias been porpotuoted, from season to season, by sundry mysterious sounds. Bcspito ovory argu ment to tlio contrary, it isimpossihlo to shake tho faith of thoso who speak from thoir own ox- porienco, and record what thoy themBolves fully helievo thoy havo cithor heard or seon. But, at any rate, the fact remains, that suoli items of romuneo aro still ourrent in many localities in our own, nnd other, countries, and' ocoupy an important placo in tho traditionary history of somo of our old families. Itisil curious fact, too, that, npurt from family tradi tions of this land, ono of thp most popular amusements around tlio Christmas firOBlde is tho narration of an exoiting ghost story. Tlio moro melodramatic its surroundings, tho moro eagerly it is listened to, oven although tho do- tails may ho of (ho most awful and ghastly description. But, ulthough from time immemorial, it has been a widespread belief' that at the season of Christmas "no spirit dares stir abroad," this would seem to ho the favourite timo of the year for unquiot spirits to muko thoir presence felt — and not only iusido tho houso, hut out of doors. Suoh a ghostly interference with tlio peaceful surroundings and festivities of Christmas is a strango incongruity ; hut, if wo are 'to beliovo what raimy of our couutry folk affirm, it admits of no contrudiotion. It is another romuntio sido of the Christmas fostival whioh, after nil, it must not bo forgotton, has also its' element of distress and sadness. Tho spirits thut disturb tho midnight dance, or wander ubout whon most human beings are seokiug their woll- eamed roposo after tho fatigue and excitement of Christmas Ddy, aro mosfly eithor themselves unhappy, or ol|e aro doomed to this unquiot state for the deeds douo in tho flesh. Thus, according to u Northamptonshire belief, tho spirit of svrotolied individuals liuriod ut cross-roads nro specially permitted to walk about on Christmas Evo. Envious of those who aro anticipating with pleasuro tho ap proaching joys of Christmas, nnd hating- their own hard lot, thoy ovinoo thoir spito by frightening unsuspecting (individuals. "Why this license, it 1ms oftoii boon asked, wus originully grunted- to tho spiritual folk of Northamptonshire, auddoniod to thoso in many other localities, is an opon question, mid likoly to remain so. Tlioro is another romantio side of Christmas which finds moro or loss favour with thoso who aro anxious to gain somo knowledgo of tiio futuro, espeoinlly in matrimonial matters. From timo immomorinl thoro has been a popular notion that Chrismastide offers special oppor- - tunitiesfor consulting futurity, nnd obtaining an insight into thoso tilings which aro hidden, from mortal gaze. Henoo, both nt liomo and on tho Continent, it is a favour ite tune with many n lovesick swain and languishing maidoii, who resort to nil kinds of odd neremoiiies for tho purpose of fore casting thoir matrimonial prospects. Super stitious rites of this kind occasionally require some strangth of moral courage, as walking in tho churohyard at midnight, soattoring lienip seed, is not the most attractive occupation. Equally romantic, hut domanding still more strength of mind, was a coronfony of a similar kind formerly, kept up in Sweden, for tlio pur pose of ascertaining who should dio iu tlio following year. In tho morning twilight of Christmas Day wo are told how super stitious folk, taking advantage of this propliotia timo, would uobually muko uu excursion into a neighbouring wood — two important restrictions boing total abstinonce from eating and drinking, and per fect silonco on thoir part. If tlicao conditions woro fulfilled, it wus supposed tlint a sight would bo granted of as many funerals as would pass that way during tho ensuing year. In somo parts of Germany, it appears, tlio samo curious fancy existed ; a far from cheerful way of welcoming in tho bright nnd happy Ohrist mas festival. But, as it has been often observed with muoh truth, thoro will always ho found a certain number of pooplo who, whatever tho oooasion may ho, will readily grasp any opportunity of infusing into it a sentimental nnd romantio elomont.— T. F. Thisolton Dyer, hi tho Qutsii. 