NOTES AND NEWS. BRITISH AND FOREIGN. In the tropics a new industry is making headway in the shape of dried bananas for shipment. In drying the fruit loses one third of its weight, and when dried readily sells at 8d per lb. The cost of producing bananas is very little, as a bunch weighing 50lb. requires as a total outlay for clearing, purchase of land, and every other expense necessary, even to boxing for the market, the small sum of 2s. ed the result of an actual lest in the island of Trinidad. When one considers that the productiveness of the banana is 42 times thatofthopolaloandlSl times that of wheat, and that when once planted it needs little care, the profits of the industry will be readily seen. Law and justice used once to be more often contrasted than they are now. But law and common sense still differ on many points. They were certainly not in agreement a few weeks ago, when a tailor was nonsuited, in the Westminster county court, on the ground that the order on which he sought to recover was given on a v Sunday. The parties were members of a religious congregation, and, according to the plaintiff, the defendant had ordered a frock coat, after service, for which he subsequently refused to pay. The defendant denied having given any order, but the Judge said that the plaintiff would have to be nonsuited, even if he were taken at his word. No business could be done on a Sunday. The Long Firm will find much comfort in this decision, and it may contrive to .. give all its orders on the first day of the week. A Ladies' Tea and Shopping Club is about to be starred in the West End of London, the promoters promising " luxurious and congenial surroundings " to the members for the very humble subscription of 5s. per annum, with guinea entrance fee. The first COO members are to be admitted without payment of the entrance fee. There are to be tearooms, reading-rooms, reception and dressing rooms. All the magazines and newspapers of the day likely to interest ladies are to be provided, " Full and reliable information " is promised to country members, and even advice (that perilous, if inexpensive com- modity !) concerning advertised articles and other matters cognate to shopping. The Edinburgh Review has provided . the sensation of the hour in literary circles with a biting and trenchant criticism of the horde of contemporary \- versifiers who flatter themselves they are poets. Commencing with Lewis Morris, of whom the reviewer ferociously remarks, " There is hardly a poem in the true sense of the word in his entire works, he goes on to condemn Alfred Austin as absolutely without style," affects to consider Sir Edwin Arnold's possible elevation to the late reateship a " wretched joke," and pro- nounces The Light of Asia' a versified chronology book, Mr William Watson and Mr. Gosse are praised, but of Mr. Le Gallienne the writer smartly says : -" His attitude in rebuke of affecta- tion and artificiality is itself affected and artificial." The cruellest cut of all, however, is the cool manner in which this successor to Jeffery and Lockhart absolutely ignores the whole " boiling" Of National Observer poets, from the great Henley himself to Mrs. Thomson and Mr. T. E. Brown. Even Kipling and Stevenson are only grudgingly mentioned, and Mr. Bridges receives but partial praise. The best proof that the Edinburgh has not lost its ' prestige lies in the evidences which the victims give of feeling scarified. The few who have replied show themselves very, sore. The Century Magazine has no less than twenty thousand pounds' worth of manuscripts in its safes, which have been paid for, and the bulk of which can never been used. If they bought nothing more for two years they would have sufficient good material for' carrying on the magazine. It is their custom to pay on acceptance, and, indeed, this custom is becoming general with the great American magazines. Aluminium is steadily forcing its way into the service of the industrial arts. An officers' field canteen has been designed for use in the German Army, the whole of the cooking utensils, plates, cups, etc., being made of aluminium. The weight of the entire outfit for six persons is little more than 9lb. \- The London police are endeavouring to trace some thieves who, during the long vacation, succeeded in carrying off the leaden beer pipes and other fittings belonging to the refreshment department at the Royal Courts of Justice. As the bars are not used during the vacation, the robbery was only recently discovered. The latest puzzle which has been thrown on the market is the " mystic triangle." In the box containing this puzzle there are a scientifically adjusted magnet, three needles, and the form of a triangle. With these to work upon, the experimenter has to guide the three needles on to the lines of the triangle-a feat which is by no means easy. Gracie Whiteford first stage appearance (says the Sydney Bulletin) was an angel in Uncle Tom's Cabin. To keep her quiet her mother gave her a mince pie to eat. She descended from the clouds at the " one " munching the pie, and with her angelic robes protected by a dirty serviette. A Parisian photographic company has hit upon a novel idea namely, to take instantaneous pictures of every scene in a piece whilst being performed on the stage, and then reproducing them in colours on glass, make use of these as slides in an oxy-hydrogen lantern, thereby furnishing illustrations to a reader who will declaim the text. Where do the plots (writes our London correspondent) of the nov<J«LU;s in the penny weeklies come from is often asked. Mr. Boucicault's brother, of the clever Diva, told a friend of mine that to fill the columns of his Illustrated London novelette, published weekly, he cuts out each day any striking case in the- public reports, and hands them over to a set of impecunious writers, who weave them into the usual sensational whole at about 7 ones. If the writer is specially poor, he gets only £3. London Society is a good deal exercised on the " change of front " of Her Majesty in the matter of " reputation." Certain actresses at whom many in society draw the line have been graciously received at Balmoral, and have carried away valuable tokens of the esteem in which the first lady of the land holds their talent. Genius, it would seem, can bridge a very wide abyss. The Times has taken a great step in advance. It has made a lady journalist, Miss Flora Shaw, colonial editor, actually creating a post for her. Miss Shaw did Australia brilliantly for The Times a few months ago, and it was then said that she was under promise not to reveal her sex ! But these things will eke out. She is a clever conversationalist, is very bright and agreeable, and the latest pet of Society. She rents a house in Eaton-terrace, and a bungalow on Leith-Hay The wife of M. Carnot is said to he as able a politician as her husband, and it is whispered that much of the French President's public action has been prompted, in the first, place, by his charming wife The Czar is described as the largest eaters among crowned heads, and the Kaiser comes next. The hitler is stated to have a mania for eating at extraordinary times, and although during copiously before going to the theatre, he generally insists on the despatch from the Imperial kitchens of a fully prepared supper, which he devours in one of the private rooms of the theatre between the acts. The King of Portugal is also more gourmand than gourmet,, king Humbert of Italy is a light eater, and so is the Emperor Francis Joseph. Among the unpublished manuscripts of the late Mr. Francis Adams, whose unhappy death we had recently to chronicle, is a novel quite completed, to which its author gave the name of "The Mills of the Gods." It is a clever satire upon modern fashionable society, and introduces many characters who would be easily recognised as public celebrities. For instance, a well known royal personage appears in Mr. Adams' pages under the cognomen of the Prince of Ireland. No arrangements have as yet been made for the publication of the work. A wire-netting, called a " man catcher," has been fixed in front of street cars in America. When a pedestrian is struck by the car, instead of being mutilated, he is thrown into the netting, and carried safely along. An industry which has grown with remarkable rapidity in India during the last few years is paper-making. Ten years ago the total out-turn from all Indian paper-mills was only 700 million pounds a year, Last year the nine mills now in existence but an output of 20 million pounds. I have, says "Mercutio" in the Auckland Herald, heard a good many stories of late of the reasons given by some women for voting for certain candidates at the late general election, but there was one story told me which is so good that it is worth mentioning. The lady was asked why she voted for So-and-So, as he scarcely seemed to be of her school of politics. The querist was rather startled when she replied, "He has such a beautiful skin and complexion " The female franchise had yet to learn that the man of her choice, unlike the leopard, was accustomed to change his " spots." An extraordinary explosion occurred at Bradford recently, and a boy named John William Fuller had his head completely blown off. He was carrying a cast-iron oxygen cylinder, used for magic-lantern entertainments, up a gangway leading to the Exchange Railway Station, when he dropped it. He was instantly killed and shockingly mutilated. A man who was near was struck by part of the case, and his hands were injured. All the lights in the neighbourhood were extinguished.. The plaints of the literary underpaid (says the Whitehall Review) continually greet our ears ; but literary fame seems to have a very practical £ s. d. value after all. Writers like Rudyard Kipling and Jerome K. _ Jerome can pleasantly appreciate this fact. Here is another instance : Mr. J. M. Barrie not long ago accepted his guinea a coluninfromthenewspapers ; nowhere command 50 times as much. To such a point, indeed, that whereas last year touched £50 for a sketch which ran about a column in length, he has now been offered 100 guineas for one column of a special sketch. In appearance the author of this literary financial feat is slight and small, he looks delicate ; but innis quiet face there is the power and spirituality manifest in his work. A book which will create no small amount of interest in sporting and dramatic circles will appear during the coming literary season from the pen of John Robert Robinson, author off "The Princely Chandos." The work will chronicle principally the extraordinary career of Richard Barry, seventh Earl of Barrymore, who nourished during the end of the last and commencement of the present century, and who was one of the bosom friends of the last Prince of Wales, afterwards George IV. " The Last Earls of Barrymore " deal with the persons who are among the least edifying of the typical "bloods" and rakes of the period before mentioned persons of the kind drawn very mildly by Thackeray in Rawdon Crawley for want of principle, and in Lord Steyne for out-and-out wickedness, but with the geniality and rollicking fun in them which the comparatively harmless heroes of Lever's stories possess. Charles de Lesseps has emerged from prison a happier it not a wiser man. He has only suffered a few months' incarceration instead of five years, and apparently the French people are willing to forget both him and Panama. The aged Ferdinand now has an opportunity to see his son, and the family is not compelled to invent actions to account for his absence. Strange to say Charles de Lesseps still talks as if the Panama Canal were a possibility. He is not in the least abashed at the disappearance of two milliards of francs in the ocean of folly, which this project represents, but he talks glibly of raising as much more and seeing the canal a complete reality. Marcelina Mushatuüski, from Tula, Russia, followed the murderers of his half- brother, who was killed at that place on October 10, 1889, over the world. After being misled for nearly five years, and" having experienced unheard of difficulties, he came up with them recently in New York. The assassins, who were stopping at a small hotel in Maple-street, are the murdered man's widow and her paramour. Mashatufi'bki, who was provided with the necessary papers, communicated with the chief of the police, and the guilty couple were arrested at their hotel. They will be surrendered to the Russian Government. An amusing scene took place the other day at the Royal Aquarium, London. A spectre of the orthodox sort is introduced upon the stage at that place of public entertainment, and one of the characters pretends to be so frightened that he rushes about the boards emitting frantic yells. Unfortunately, the next set of performers happened to be a troupe of collies, trained to show their life-Saving abilities at a fire, who were placidly waiting their turn in the wings, and on hearing the shrieks they became excited, and with one accord jumped on to the stage and tore after the astonished ghost The phantom did not show the proper ghost-like contempt for lovE. ?¡na.ix.iicA- assailants ; he did not appear to regard the "vain bites" of the dogs at all in the light of malicious mockery," but he leaped hastily on to a table, and, amid the in- extinguishable daughter of the audience, implored somebody to save him from the howling pack. I 