CHARACiER IN POLITICS. At the Presbyterian Church, Port Mel bourne, on 8unday night, the Rev. J. M'L, Abernethy preaobed ou the above subject taking at hie text Ma t. xii. ) dft— " A good man out of tho good treasure of the heart briageih forta uooJ things,, and an evil man out of tho evil treasure brlngeth forth evil things." If any oue of us wero engaging mau to oondoat oar basinets, we would make abundant inquiry luto his oharsetcr, but in choosing our Parliamentary represent til ves, we were apt to forget to ask,' Wnat is tho candidate's character! — te juice htm only by hie utterance of tome particular polltlcaf ehlblpletb. At one time the cry rang froin c hundred platformo that Victoria wao to be made M a glorious country for tbe workingman ; aud every speaker painted Idyillo picture of vina-olad bills and fertile fields, and plaioe dotted with sheep and cattie-of a pros perous aad hippy peasantry— ot workmin well-fed and ooateated. Nothing but idle dreams I Wt(al have we Instead! Farmers ffUrla up iu despair, the Shearers' war, tbe necessity for the Queensland Peace Preserva tion BUI, sweating In the tailoring trade and strikes israong tho bootmakers, grievooj want, borne witness to by the statistics of the relief branch of the Salvation Army and by all the benevolent societies of the suburbs. A terrible condition of thinvs, truly 1 bat not hopoloas, with our magnificent natural advantages. Ths remedy Ilea with the electors. Every voter ma«t regard tin fran chise as a sacred '.rust, to ho u«ed for the glory of God and lor tho country's good. The advice of tbe Ap»tlo on tho eve of an election (Act vf. 3 (lis our clrctumfances hs , well a though oue hii'i specially asked them | to Bpsxk (O peupls in Victoria, who would hold im olcotiuii in 1891. "Look vc out . men of fionejt report, full of the Holy Ghost 1 aod of wisdom." I We do not waut f.iddUts or extremists— 1 meu who would care all ills of ths bsdy I politic by heavy dosus of S-iaUlism, or Pro- tection, or Freetrarie. We want m»n of I known and tried charsOUr. | Tho Boriaan oonctudsd with na eloquent appeal to fathers of families to lot tbeir obildreu see th highest pesitioos in the land ressrved for men of the highest character, for men whose lives can be held up as cxamplos in iheiamlly. 