Chapter XXIV.—On the Verge., All through the black hours of that night h&( wandered round the shore and the rooks, - while the moving world of watera, moaned in-' the dark and the golden ray of Lismore burned, steadily. And still he seemed to hear thelow ' and piteous strains of waltz- musio, that spoked of tragic separation and farewell; and still ha seemed to be at a half-opened door, sheltered, by the obsonrity and gazing in: upon chafe brilliant throng, with one figure there receding' from him as it were and being lost to him for ever. When would they have done with their dancing ? When would the colors fade and the lights go out and the hush of sleep fall over the small town? The sound of the revelry* appeared to follow him; he heard itall through, the unvaried, incessant, mysterious murmur of'/: theBea. The long night went by; a pale and warns glow slowly grew in the east; the hills and.; woods became dimly distinguishable; th&i; trembling plain of water gradually revealed'., itself, livid aud solitary; beyond, the moun-■. bains of Mull aud Morven were still swashed 'i in heavy folds of cloud. _ And what was this; object nearer at hand—this first sign of human..-,' habitation—what but the grey little inn ate' Cowal Ferry, surrounded by its silent home--'' stead? At this time of the morning it ap--< pearea bat as the ghost of a house, and thai tale connected with it seemed to have likewisa aequired a kind of remoteness; would the day break into clear and white light, and showy firmer and hopefuller things, and drive away*' those distraoting phantoms of the past? Towards 8 o clock or thereabouts hex' knew that Jess Maclean and-.the young girl Christina would come downstairs- in, order to openi the shop, and a. little, before that hour he returned to Duntroone, passing along Campbell- street. He saw the. two girls appear and cross the half-empty' thoroughfare. He watched Christina take down the shutters. And when, after a few-' minutes, she went back to the house, leaving; Jess in sole possession, he walked forward more; quickly. Jess was in the front shop when ha! entered. You are early astir, Jessie, after your lasfr! night's gaieties," Baid he with apparent calm yj but despite this forced composure there was/ something in his tone, something in bis aspecftx,j. too, that caused her serious disquiet. " What is thematter, Allan?1'she demanded/ ' ■ at once. Well, I have come to you in my trouble,'*/ said he. '• Doe3 that suprise you ? It seems, bub natural I should come to you. Your own life is so plaoid and happy thab suffering and tortured wrebohes come to you as if by somei kind of instinct for consolation and sympathy. : And you can tell me—Jess, I'm sure you oan tell me," he went on ih a more hurried and, anxious manner, " whether there is any thing between Barbara and Ogilvie. .What is it ? What is there ? Why should there be any' secreoy ? How did she come to be with him in the inn at Cowal; and how did neither your mother nor you know, she was going? Whab does he mean by it? He oan have bus pick and choice of so many—so they say—he{ gives himself the airs of a lady-killer—why, should he turn aside for a simple girl like Bar-< bara? I went to her and asked her," he con-!, tinued in his too evident distress, "and she/ had nothing for me but angry words and'\ taunts. Plainly enough she told me it was?j none of my business—that I had no right tad interfere. And perhaps I have nob; I had) hoped for some better understanding with hers! bub ijow, it seems, I must nob even speakJ And yeb how oan one stand by and look on—j when you see a young girl ignorant of thai ways of the world being made a fool of, madai sport of,'for the amusement of an empty-] beaded fribble.? Is that what it is I Or whatt{ else is it ? Whab does it mean ?' "Come into the parlor, Allan, and site down," said Jbbs Maclean in her ■ gentkj fashion, and he followed her into the roomJ but he remained standing, his eyes eagerly? searohing for an answer in the expression ofii her face. 1 And yet it was about himself that shewaan mostly concerned. . j "You are not looking well," Baid she, and) somehow she half guessed that he had been?! wandering to and fro during the night.,] "Have you had your breakfast this morning-/ Allan?" , ; "Never mind about that," he replied. And; then he proceeded rapidly, "Tell me, Jessie* what am I to believe about Barbara ? Is there? anything between her and Ogilvie? And is/ she concealing it, and why ? You must know., You are with her constantly. And I can£ appeal to you for an honest answer and ad friendly answer. You will tell me the truth*/ whatever it is, and whatever it is the soonera it is known the better. • To you anyway I cam appeal without being taunted and scorned." * Jess was quietly and quickly stirring up thetj fire, and putting on the kettle, and getting outf the teapot and the like; and as she went orr : with these little preparations—the object o£. which was in nowise perceived by the school^ master—she said in her tranquil way— f " I would not bother mnoh about Ogilvie ifc| I were you, Allan. I don't Buppose he means;] anything; ' He is always running after one« pretty face or another; and there's safety intf numbers; I hardly imagine he can mean anW thing serious with regard to Barbara. A KM of amusement, perhaps " '] "Amusement?' he repeated vehemently,..] "amusement that may wreck her peace ofa mind—that may ruin her life? If that is thera state of affairs it is time for one of us to step ! in, and whether I have the right or not I wifis assume the right. She shall not be left defenco* | less, simply through her ignorance. And per-i-l haps," he said, "perhaps you, too, will tellmart it is none of my business " i r "Jdon't tlunk^Alla)^n,ey«Jowud.;,iag.t blaming you for anything," Jess made answer. She waa putting a white cloth over the little table. "Jess, I beg your pardon," he said, with instant remorse. " If I have one friend it's you. I am always safe in coming to you. But I am all at sixes and sevens; worried and harassed ; unable to understand what is hap pening around me. I wonder if you know how other people must envy you your quiet and peaceful life—how you make one wish to be rid for ever of maddening hopes and aims. It must be so fine to be contentedly happy—to be without a care." " Without a care," murmured Jess, almost to herself. " Ay, just that, Allan. Without a care. You may well say that. Without a eare." Her back was towards him, for she was about to fetoh down a cruet-stand from the cupboard; so that unobserved she managed to brush away a tear or two that had started to' her lashes. Then she turned. "Now, Allan," said she oheerfully, "sit down at once. It's but little we keep ovor here; only you can't go along to the school without a mouthful by way of breakfast." He would have refused, but she insisted ; and eventually, out of mere gratitude, he was forced to sit down. '" I looked in at' the Drill Hall," ha said Blowly and in sombre fashion—and small was the heed he paid to these things before him, though Jess stood by him waiting upon him as if he were an infant. "I saw Barbara—she was dancing with Ogilvie." • " Well, now," observed Jess, with much blitheness of manner, "is is nob surprising that she should have learnt to dance so well away out in such a place as Kilree ? And no one suspecting it either. But that is the strange thing abont Barbara: if you do not find „onb for yourself she will never tell you " "Ay, have you discovered that?" he said, glancing towards her quickly. " Have you discovered that, too?" And then he con tinued—it was a relief to talk—"Do you know that sometimes she seems to me alto gether an enigma; I cannot make her out; it is as if she had depths of character that no one around heriunderstands as yet. And then again these appear to me mere formless and vacant spaces—the vacant spaces of youth, that time and experience will fill up. Besides, her.natural shyness has to be taken into aoconnt-—a shyness only to be expected in one brought up in that solitary islaud, and then coming among strangers " "I am sure," said Jess, "mother and I do not wish her to regard us as strangers—far indeed from that; but I think she hides her self from us as much as from others ; and of course when.anyone prefers to keep their own counsel it would only be impertinence to press questions." " Then Barbara has said nothing to you about Ogilvie?" he asked, of a sudden., "Not a word," was the definite answer. "Not a word—and until she offers ns her confidence we are not likely to make ourselves intrusive. If Barbara wishes to keep her own secrete ehe is welcome." He bad pushed away his plate. His bands were resting on his knees; his eyes were down oast, in profound meditation. * (To be continued). 