THE EXECUTION. This morning broke dull and threatening, but at an early hour seve- ral curious persons had assembled out- side the gaol, to glean from the few whose melancholy duty it was to witness the execution, the details of the last terrible ordeal that the Bar- raba murderers were to pass through. Everything was in readiness. The scaffold, silhoutted against cold grey morning sky formed a ghastly back ground to the perspective of the female prisoners' yard, and looked gaunt and ominous to the small crowd of officials, pressmen, and others whose painful business it was to see the last development in the Barraba tragedy. At 9 o'clock a bell commenced to toll, and shortly after the two victims, escorted by Howard and his assistant, and followed by two gaol warders and the Rev. W. J. Kellick Piddington, formed a melancholy procession, which, starting from the condemned cells near the entrance to the gaol, slowly made its way to the foot of the scaffold. Cummings, who up to a quarter of an hour before the execution had laid in a dead faint, had to be wheeled to the gallows in an invalid's chair, and the spectacle of this almost dead man being carried to his death was a sickening and ghastly one. He was so weak, as much from nervousness as from loss of blood, that it became necessary to almost carry him up the steps of the scaffold, and notwithstanding the fact that several doses of brandy were administered to him he was unable to retain his seat in the chair without support. Both men wore the new style of white cap which has lately been introduced into the N.S.W. prisons, and the lifted flap re- vealed their faces. The incarceration and the recent attempt on his life had told much on Cummings who had changed considerably and looked as pale as a ghost, but Lee who had got a shade thinner, had altered very little in appearance. As the procession rounded the angle of the female prisoners' ward the solemn words of the chaplain could be heard, and as the prisoners mounted the scaffold Mr. Piddington remained below. s Besides the two condemned there were only Howard and his assistant on the platform of the gallows, but two warders stood one each side of the second step from the top, and the 12th from the ground, guarding the foot of the gallows. Lee turned the scales this morning at 9st 5lb, while Cummings's weight was 11st. 9lb. When asked if they wished to say anything before they died Lee, whose coolness under the circumstances was wonderful, said that all there should know that Cummings was not the man who went with him to the bank on the day of the murder, and that he himself was innocent of the crime of murder. He then said, 'Good-bye, Jack,' and expressed him- self ready to die. The flaps of the white caps were then drawn quickly down and secured, and the fatal nooze adjusted in a business-like manner by Howard and his assistant. Then Howard smartly slipped off the drop, gave the signal to his assistant, and the bolt was drawn. The weighted doors flew down with a dull muffled sound, and Lee and Cummings fell together into the pit below. Death was instantaneous. Yesterday afternoon the prisoner Lee was visited by his at- torney, Mr. W. F. Tribe. The condemned man seemed entirely in different to his fate, and to be concerned only as to the welfare of his mate, Cummings. He appeared to be considerably incensed at what he called the apathy of the police in not following up the clues that he had given them in his confes- sion as to the identity of the alleged third man, and the place where the rifle and saddle and bridle were planted. He thanked his solicitor for his indefatigable efforts to assist him, and made in his favor several be- quests, among which was a portmanteau supposed to be stored in Sydney con- taining manuscripts and letters which he was requested to immediately McKay, the Murdered Man. destroy. Other manuscripts written by Lee in gaol were also bequeathed to Mr. Tribe. Lee appeared in a cheerful, almost jocular mood, and talked of the impending execution with the indifference of a spectator. Cummings seemed to feel his terrible position more keenly, and listened to the ministration of the gaol chaplain with much attention. His brother visited him yesterday morn- ing, and a most affecting farewell was taken. Under the direction of Mr. S. Herbert, the district clerk of works, a specially constructed scaffold was erected in the north-west corner of the gaol yard, and a test was made of the rope and drop with sand bags on Wednesday night. It was found that a pit would be required, and the necessary arrangements were made during yesterday. Howard, the executioner, and his assistant, arrived on Tuesday. During yesterday afternoon Lee beguiled the time by singing popular airs in his cell, and appeared to pay only a courteous attention to the earn- est discourse of the gaol chaplain. Inspector Casey, whose efforts in the compilation of evidence at the trial are extolled in the highest terms here, has caused exhaustive inquiry to be made as to the truth of Lee's assertions in regard to the alleged planting of the saddle and rifle in the roots of an up- lifted tree near Mihi Paddock. Several parties of police well used to bush work have been scouring the neighborhood of the alleged 'plant ' without any success, and the troopers are unanimous in the belief that the condemned man's statement is entirely fictitious as far as the third man is concerned. 