The TrwDles of a Country Teacher - Yes, " troubles," but do not assume that I have no pleasures, for at no distant date I shall enumerate some of the pleasures, but somehow we mortals seem to , remember troubles when we haje forgotten pleasures. As Shelly has so truly said : We look before and after, And pine for what is done : Well, I didn't " look before," but I certainly did look after, and now I intend to be a bit confidential. I am a country teacher, " far from the madding crowd." Bound my habitation the sea-birds sail and the breakers roar, and something else rotated too, but more anon. Milk is dear here, dearer than in Sydney, so my "better-half" said to me, " Why don't you buy a cow, dear ?" "Bless my soul," said I, " so I will." My wife said "Look what delicious milk we shall have, and fresh little pats of butter, and how healthy it will be for us all." I needed no persuasion for my mind was set on a cow; so when Saturday came round I set out to buy a cow. I bought one, and what may be surprising, paid for her and brought her home in triumph. She was a canny cow; I bought her from a Scotchman. Now, I don't know much about cows, but " where there's a will there's a way" you v Jaiosv, so I said to myself, " I'll soon know all about a cow." I determined to milk her next morning and retired to rest in a mild state of excitement, after having placed her in a paddock near for which I had to pay eighteen-pence a week. The \- next morning I was up betimes L and sallied forth to milk her. I| It was a rainy morning, but my -urdour was not damped, so I got the pail, an old box for a ' seat, and clad in — well, my apparel needs no description, sufficient to say I dress differently sometimes. The paddock was very near my k house and I soon had the cow k bailed up, placed my pail in 0 position and my box com- fortably, and started to milk. pv-I squeezed and pulled and 1 tugged, but all in vain, the I merest little dribble was the I: . only result of my efforts. Ap- F .. parerffcly my cow had com- l' . passion on me and seemed to |g know that I was only a " new W- chum " at the business, for she whisked her tail across my face two or three times as much as . to say "Don't be disheartened." I took her advice and went on. £ Methinks I went too far, or, at ft least, the cow thought so, for, without the slightest warning pshe jumped on one side, per- 1 forming a certain acrobatic movement, and I may have r been knocked down — kicked L down — I really can't say for ft certain, but something struck 9- me mighty hard. I got up from the mud and, took my bucket and went home. " Where's the milk?" asked my wife. " The cow is dry," said g. She looked, hut, like a . sensible woman, asked no more \- questions. In the end, with a kind neighbour's assistance, I learned to milk, but, alas, my \- troubles were not over. Time , rolled on, my wife complained of the amount of water the cow drank. There was no water in ; the paddock, so I had to carry t - water from onr tanks. She was r a very thirsty cow. It was as- Itepunding. There must have Keen a drought in her interior. One day she caught a cold, or Ha cold caught her. 4 4 Give her K bran-mash " said a neigh- Kour. I gave her one. I really Hhought that the cow would Hive up the ghost.s She pulled Bhrough. They told me after- HffsNBshouldn't have mixed Kom salts and vinegar with bran. Warm water, too, have been used, not H; last the cow did go dry. Hfte her all kinds of food- H. She ate them, her ap- H was marvellous. My Hjmplained of the heavy cow-feed. I was like lather to that cow, 9 would keep dry. At last a calf came. I wish it hadn't come. One day we branded this calf ; it went nearly mad, and made a hide ous row, it simply roared. My wife said we were torturing the poor dumb creature. I ex plained that calves always made a lot of fuss about anything. The remark seemed to subdue her; she, however, looked at me very reproachfully as much as to say " You cruel man." Well, my calf was branded, and, at last, I determined to send it across the bay to a selector, who had offered to graze it for me. I arranged with some blacks to take the calf over in their boat, so one day when I happened to be away they took the calf, tied its legs and carried it to their boat, put it in, and went up the town. The day was hot. The blacks did not return. My wife's kindly heart was seized with pity for this calf, so she sent the girl to give it a drink from our dipper. The girl went readily enough. Now, that calf had got one of its legs free, and when the water was offered it the ungrateful beast kicked the dipper into the sea, and with a bellow terrified the girl, who afterwards vowed the thing 4 4 frothed at the mouth, glared upon her, and gnashed its teeth with rage." She was a superstitious girl. She stag gered up to the house, then fainted, recovered, and gave notice. My troubles seemed greater than I could bear. At last the culminating point was reached. My cow broke out of the paddock into a neighbour ing flower and kitchen garden, and there she revelled. Yes, revelled. I had to pay thirty shillings damages. I told the former to keep the calf. I sold the cow. We buy our milk now at sixpence a quart. — 4 N.S.W. Educational Gazette.' 