Ipiteratare. THE LASS THAT LOVED A MINER. By J. MONK FOSTER, Author of ' A Pit- Brow Lassie,' ' Slaves of Fate,* ' A Miner's Million,' ' Queen of the Factory.' 'A. Crimson Fortune/' 'The White Gipsy,31 &c.t; &c.; [Published by special arrangements with the author. All rigtite leaerved.] PART I.— THE CALIFORNIA MINE. Chatter IV.— At the Faie. It was a Saturday evening early in the last of the autumn months and, for the time of the year, the weather was exceptionally fine and warm. The sun had gone down an hour or two ago, a fuil moon of deep yellow hung low in the heavens, and overhead the pale stars faintly twinkled in the gigantic archway of the i-kies. All the main thoroughfares leading from the surrounding villages to the town of Holling ford were crowded with people who were making their way — some in carts and waegonettea. others on foot — towards the wide patch of waste land on which Hollihg ford pleasure fair was held twice a year. Among those who journeyed on foot were Sh.adrach Dsane and his sweetheart, Nannie Wiison, and with them were several pairs of lads and lassies from Amberswood village and like themselves ail were bent on & eight of rollicking enjoyment. All the members of the party were in the highest of spirits and as thGy strolled along two by two, each lad with his lass on his arm, they chatted in the gayest tones, laughed per petually, and made merry after tbe thought less, light-hearted fashion of young folks. who have money in their pockets and plenty of fun before them. Presently Sbadrach and Nannie and their friends entered the ancient-looking and triangular-shaped market- place of Hollingford. Heru the vehicles were landing the country people and the soene presented was one of the liveliest kind, for the wide space was abso lutely packed with all sorts and conditions of townspeople and villagers; all manners and kinds of stalls and hucksters' stands, while the air rang with every variety of noise. Butchers were vending their meat in stentorian voices, the sellers of cheap prints and odds and ends of drapery were extolling their wares to the unsophisticated countrywomen, dealers in cocounuts, fruit, and confectionery were be lauding their goods in no uncertain tones, while men and women, lads and lassies, and young ohiWitn of both sexes pressed hitber, thhher, this way and that towards their different destinies. Withons much difficulty our party of young friends made their way through this small babel and in a minute or two were going along Mesnes-lane, the narrow street, void of sidewalk, which gave access to the fair ground from that side of the town, and sooa they were amidst a great babel, which dwarfed the one they had left into insignificance. To those who are familiar with the Lan cashire fairs held in populous centres tbe scene which presented itself to Shadr&ch; and his friends will readily suggest itself, and to those who are not acquainted with such carnivals of the masses a few words of description may not prove amiss. The fair ground was an irregularly-shaped piece of w&sto; land a couple of huudreds of yards long and only a trifle less in breadth ; it was unpaved and unsewered and during wet wet weather it w&3 little better than a stretch of mud, while in the dry season it was only a desert of dust. At the time Shadraoh and the others paid the place a visit the ground was bard and dry, the dust having been laid by plentiful applications of water. The chief feature of the fair was its clamor. \jn every cana arose a conru&ea; clamor, pro ? duced by the laughter and chatter and excla mations of the people, the noise of braying bandu of music playing in front of the booths, the exhortations of tbe showman to *' Walk up ! walk up !' and view the wonders to be Been alone within their walls of wood and canvas, the clatter of huge ' riek-raoks' swung in strong hands, the screaming of blatant trumpets and bibulous trumpeters, the sharp reports of the guns at the ' shooting galleries,5' the rattle of the 'little horses, :! the whirr of the 'flying boats,' and other Bounds, noises, discords too numerous to tabulate. And then the ehows. First and largest was the travelling' circuB with its clown, acrobats, bareback riders, and dancing girls — tbe latter bedizened, rouged, powdered, and capering about the platform in front of the show to the huge delight of the gaping crowd below. Then came the 'galleries of art,'1 big peep shows with various pictures; nest the ghost shows and conjuring shows, so suggestive of inexplicable mysteries to the simple mind. Next were the ehows containing the mam moth stsilion and the miniature pony, the Patagonian giant, the Russian dwarf, and the Circassian beauty, all for ' one penny ; the dozen villainous-faced pugilists invited the best man in the crowd to a game of fisticuiJs ; the pea saloons, where the lads and hisses were regaling themselves with platesful of boiled black peas ; the toffy and cake stalls, where lads were trying to win toothsome morsels by speculating their pence and halfpence on the ' turning boards, as the round disc and the Epiuruog pointers were called ; while over all wag the howling, screaming, hooting, hissing, discordant uproar of Hollingford Fair. With Nannie on his arm Shadrach forced his way alongside the front of the booths and the rest of the party followed as best they could at their heels. Each of the young men had a ' pocket full of money,' and as each wh out with his favored one there was no thought of sparing their well- won cash. They went the whole round of the shows, seeing all there was to be seen and enjoying themselves to the utmost in their own simple fashion. Then, when the booths were ex hausted, they repaired to the swings, to tbe 'tickling boxes,' and the shooting ranges, where numberless pennies were expended in the vain endeavor to find tbe buliseye and ring the bell. It was while the young miners were handling the guns their sweethearts were standing be hind watching them that one of Nannie's com panions touched her quietly on the shoulder, remarking in a low tone — ' Look over there, Nannie.' 'Where? What is it, Peggy f the girl asked as she turned round. 'There, beside the horses. Don't yon eee him 1 It's David Southworth.' 'Oh, I see him now,' the lass responded. There he is dodging away among the crowd. Let him go. I don't care for him and I never did,' Nannie eaid warmly. ' But you should have seen the nasty look on bis face, Nannie, when he saw u-j all here to J;ether and Shadrach there with ue. He justi ooked as if he wanted to throttle somebody very likely Shadr*oh there.' ' But why ehould he, Peggy?' 'Because you have ohuoked him over, I daresay. :- ' Chucked him over ! How could I chuck him over when I never kept his company f' 'David used to say you did.' ' Then he told a lie.' ' Well, everybody knows that he likes you,' the lass named Peggy responded. 'An* now that he has seen yon with Shadraoh he's certain to work yon both all the illwill he can.' 'Let him!' Nannie cried stoutly, feeling quite safe in her love and her lover's keeping. 'I can take care of myself and I daresay Shadrach can do aa much for himself.' As the girl voiced those words she swept the crowd around with her eyes and saw David Sonthworth again. He was standing behind a group of red-cheeked and plump bodied countrywomen, and owing to his great height was looking over their heads straight at Shadrach Deane, who was jnst balancing the gun at bis shoulder preparatory to firing. She -watched David keenly. There was a deep scowl on his great dark face and a vicious gleam in his eyes. She felt instinctively that Southworth's eoul was moved to its worst depths and that he would not ecruple while liis evil passion was moving within him to wreak his animosity upon her lover. Just as that thought flashed through Nannie's mind ehe saw David turn, his eye caught her'e for a moment, she snubbed him with a look, and he Strode away and was lost in the throng. The girl turned to her friends sod paid no more heed to tbe incident. She had never given David Southworth any encouragement in his wooing, and so she considered she was not to blame for any disappointment he might leel at that moment. Half an hoar later, when both tbe young men and their sweethearts had drunk their fill of noise and ran and frolic, they all set their faces towards home, taking » short out, whioh led them through shady green lanes, quiet woodland, and sweet-smelling meadows. The great yellow harvest moon was now sailing high in the dark vault above and the peaceful country seemed doubly delightful after the bustle and clangour of the over crowded fair. Besides, the young folks were young and in love, and therefore had no quarrel with the world. They thought, and perhaps wisely, that life had few better things to offer than a fair, nuts and gingerbread, and the company of their lovers. The clock in the tower of the village church at Amberawood was striking 11 when Shadrach Deane and Nannie Wilson said good- night to each other at the corner of tho Fox and Goose. They had parted and each went homeward in the happiest frame of mind. The girl lived only a stone's throw away, while her lover had to walk right along Tunstall-lane tor the dis tance of half a mile. There were no lamps in the lane and the moonlight rendered lights unnecessary, bat under the trees the shadows were thick and one side of tbe road where the hedgerow was high was plunged in gloom. Swinging carelessly along, oblivions of every thing but his own pleasant thoughts, Shadrach was not a little startled when a man's figure glided— almost sprang from the shadows and a deep voice exclaimed — 'la that von. Sbadrach Deane? Wait a minute, for I want to speak to you.' ' Hello, David, is that you f Deane re sponded, amiably enough, as he recovered from the momentary shock and recognised the man he bad snatched from .death. ' Yes, it's me, Shadrach,' the other made answer, somewhat sullenly, as Shadrach came to a standstill. ' I'm glad to see that yon are all right again, David. I suppose you've started work at last, I heard so. ' That's not what I want to talk about,' Southworth snapped out, in an aggressive tone. 'What is it, then?' Sbadrach asked, as he realised in a flash the purport of his fellow miner's presence there. ' It's right about to-night — about you and Nannie Wiison ! What claim had you to take her to the fair? What right have you to come between her and me? That's what I want to know, Shadrach Deane?' Sonthworth ejacu lated. ' You've no right to ask me suoh questions, Southworth — at least, I chink not.' ' Haven't I ? Nannie was my girl before you came here, and now ? ' ' She is mine !' Shadrach added firmly. David Southworth laughed loudly and harshly. 'Is she? iton t be oocKsure aoout that. You've me to reckon with before that jod is settled.' ' But if Nannie doesn't care for you?' 'She used to care for me— would have cared forme still but for your interference. I am very sorry now, lean tell you, Shadraoh Deane, that I should have to think that I owe my life to you,' Southworth said bitterly. '' I'm sorry also that anything should have come between us.' ' If that is so yon can easily mend matters.' 'How?' 'By keeping away from the lass altogether — as you ought to have done all long. Didn't my brother tell you. that Nannie and me were keeping com puny ?' ' He did tell me and I believed what he said at the time. But now ? ' 'What now?' ' I know he told me a lie.' ' How do you make that out?' ' I will tell you. Before I ever spoke to Nannie of my own feelings in regard to her I asked her if is were true that she was engaged to yourself.' ' And what did she say f ~ ' She denied it most emphatically and said that she had never given you the slightest reason to think she cared for you. After that I had a right to speak for myself ; I epoke and now the girl is engaged to me.' '' You mean to marry her then V ' I do, as soon as I can make her a com fortable home,' Shadrach replied. ' And I swear that you never shall marry her while I live,' David Southworth hissed in husky tones. '* Before I'd see her the wife of another man I'd shoot her — and the man too. I mean it, Shadrach Deane, by heaven I do, so you can's eay I've not warned you.' With that threat on his lips the incensed pitman strode off and Shadrach pursued his homeward journey. Chapter V. — Southwobth's Gratitude.* One morning about a week after the occur rence of the events chronicled in the preceding chaDter Shadraoh Deane steDDed out of the cage at the bottom of she Californian pit and made bis way with half a dozen more miners towards the cabin, about which a small crowd of colliers and their drawers were standing waiting to have their Davy lamps examined. Into the little cavern hewn out of the solid rock the men and lads passed one by one, according to their 'kail' or turn, and when the thin network of fine wire forming the lamp gauzes had been carefully scrutinieed to see that there were no defects in the meshes, when the lamps had been lighted and securely locked, the hewers of coal and the drawers thereof made their way out by the other door of the cabin and proceeded to their allotted places in the mine. Presently Shadrach's turn arrived and he placed his lamp on the table for tbe official whose business it was to examine it. The fire man stretched out his hand for the srauzes. looked up as he did so, and replaced them on the table instantly, remarking in an offhand way — ' It's no use examinin' them yet, Shadraoh.'' ' How'b that V Deane asked. ' Because,' the fireman replied, as be pro ceeded to examine tbe next miner's lamp, ' thy place has fallen up.' 'Whereabouts?' 'In the middle of the drawing road. But don't go up the pit. The nnderlooker will very likely set you to clean up the f alL Wait at the cabin door all Bill Appleton comes.' Shadrach said he would do as tbe fireman suggested and picking up the various portions of his Davy he fitted them together and went outside, finding a seat on a full tub of ooal near the doorway. He bad not been sitting there many minutes before the lad who drew for him came down the pit and Shadrach called for bis assistant and told him of tbe fall of roof which had taken place in their drawing road. The youth received the information without comment and seated himself besides his master. A little Liter David Sonthworth passed them. The two miners exchanged glances, but no words. 'Since that encounter in Tuustall lane, now a week past, the rivals had not) ex changed a syllable with each other, although obey saw one another daily, often nightly also. Shadrach bore the other no grudge on account of the hot, even violent words David had used on the night of the fair. His threats had been set down as due to the angry effer vescence of the moment and therefore not to be taken seriously. But there was no gainsaying the fact that whenever the rivals chanced to meet either below ground or above David's manner and countenance denoted neither forgiveness nor forgetfulness. He glared at Shadrach with set month, grim face, ready, however, to burst into flame whenever occasion demanded. On the very morning following their heated interview in the lane David and Shadrach chanced to meet at the pit shaft, and to show that be bore no resentment Shadrach had greeted tbe other with a genial ' Good morn ing. David.' But the only response vouchsafed him wag a sullen grunt and a baleful flash of the small half-closed blaok eyes. Then Shadraoh bad laughed lowly, though not so faintly as to be inaudible to David, who had turned suddenly as if half minded to resent his rival's sneer with a blow or at least a bitter and passionate exclamation. David, however, did neither thing. His soowl deepened and darkened until it became fiendish in its malevolence, then he went his way cursing in his throat. After that neither men threw a word at the other and Shadrach was pleased that it should be so. Time, he thought, would help to wipe out his rival's bitterness of feeling and enable him to think reasonably of tbe lass he oould not win and the man who had won her. Half an hour slipped away while Shadrach and his drawer, little Jack Baines, were sitting there awaiting the arrival of the uuderlooker of the mine. It was nearly 6 o'clock now, and the 'looker-on' and his assistants were arranging the lines of full and empty waggons at the pit bottom in readiness for the beginning of winrtino* nrwn^innR. In the last cage before 6 the man in charge of the mine came down and Deane followed him into the cabin. ' Hello, Shadrach, what are yon doing here so late?1 the underlooker, Bill Appleton, asked. 'The roof has falling in my drawing road,' Deane replied, 'and the fireman told me to wait and Bee you.' ' Is there no place empty in which he could work to-day, Fenton?' the underlooker queried as he turned to bis subordinate. 'There isn't,' the fireman said. 'All the men ace working to-day.' ' Isn't there room for two somewhere?' — . Uw.» H m. wu* *im wuauravu W X/aVIQ. COQBQ* worth's plaoe, 1 daresay,' was Fenton'a re sponse. ? ?? And that place is a lot behind, isn't it, and wantB pushing forward f ' It is.' 'Well, Deane, I think you had better work with Southworth to-day. It's the next place to your own, yon know, and it will be better than being a day's work.' 'Anywhere else, if you like, Appleton,' Shadraoh responded quickly. ' I don't care to work with David Southworth.' ' Why not?' the underlooker demanded. ' Well, he's not the best of chaps to work with — is very disagreeable, you know, and, be sides, we're not friendly. If there is nowhere else to work I'd rather go back home.' ' Oh, in that case you'd better go then, but wait a minute. How much dirt is there down in the road, Fenton V ' Ten or a dozen tubs,' said tbe fireman. ' I think Shadrach and bis drawer could clean it up and bar it in a day.'. 'Are all the datallers engaged?' the under looker enquired of his inferior. 'They are.' ' Then let Deane here and his drawer go to the job.' Five minutes afterward Shadrach and his lad were on their way to their working place, carrying with tht-m a saw and other tools neces sary to repair and make safe the roof where tbe fall had occurred. On reaching the fall Shadrach, as an ex perienoed pitman, was able to perceive at a glance that the fireman, Philip Fenton, had underestimated the amount of work requisite to be done ere the fallen mass of debris was removed and the broken roof secured. But he and his drawer set to with a will. There was an old opening in the drawing road a few yards below the fall and into this tbe dirt was cast. When afternoon arrived the heap of debris had been all cleared away and all that remained now to complete their task was to set a couple of bars across the top edge of thefalL Shadraoh and Jack had just lifted a bar to the roof and were holding it there until it was secured by means of a ' oentre-leg ' or prop when something occurred whioh startled them both. . Suddenly there rang through the corridors of tue mine a dull report as it a rifle baa Deeu fired some considerable distance away and as Deane waB turning to tbe lad to make some remark about it another report, a thousand fold more mighty than the first, reverberated along the low, tortuous, and far-spreading galleries, driving a bolt of dark fear and agonising despair into the breast and brain of every man and youth who labored in the pit. And close upon the heela of that tremendous outburst of clangor came a deadly wave of air, which hurtled through the roads and across working places with inconceivable rapidity and power, sweeping all men and things before it. Stout logs of timber were snapped asunder like matchwood, broken bars were torn from the roof and the strata came clattering down ; men and lads were dashed into tbe goaf or cast with ruthless force on the floor or against the face of coal; full and empty waggons were scattered as if they were bandboxes, and every ugnt tnas was uummg witnin many uuDureuu of yards of the seat of the explosion was extinguished, leaving that part of the ill starred mine plunged in impenetrable darkness and indescribable confusion and misery. Although Shadraoh and the lad were not in the direct line of the devastating current they did not escape its fury. They were flung eenseless and bleeding against the sides of the drawing-road, the log of timber the; were holding up fell down with a crash : the bars they had fixed uqder the broken roof were torn out as if by a giant's arms, and the shattered masses of rock the timber supported rushed down, half burying the unconscious man and his little helpmate. The scene that followed the disaster would require the pen of a Dante to describe it thoroughly. Suoh a picture, when seen and felt in all its awful and harrowing details, gives one some notion ot what hell may be. After the clangor and rush of the hurtling air came the rush for life, and the dense black ness was filled with the screams and prayers and imprecations of those who were seized with the horrid fear of death or were maimed and helpless. In that terrible moment many thought only of themselves. Fathers left their children, sons forsook their sires, brother forgot all ties of blood in their momentary madness and rushed pell mell through the intense gloom for their livee. And Shadrach Deane and little Jack lay still as death where the blast had struck them down, and presently all about them was as silent as their own prostrate and motionless forms. Some minutes went by and Shadrach Deane struggled slowly back to consciousness. For a few moments he was unable to realise his situation, but the truth soon flashed upon him and he attempted to rise to his feet. The attempt was a failure. He was weak and bleeding from a Bevere scalp wound ; several logs of timber pinioned his legs to Dhe floor, and a heap of newly- fallen roof weighed him down. Realising his inability to free him self he called aloud tor his drawer. 'Jack ! Jack ! Where are -ou ? Speak, lad, speak.' There was no response though he repeated his cries again and again. Where was tbe lad, he mused. Not killed, he hoped, with an hungry intensity of fervour that pained him more than his own injuries did. Then be put out his hands, felt here and there, groping in the dark like a blind man among the dirt and iitter, and at length hia It was Jack's face that Shadrach's palms touched and the lad was evidently living although still senseless. With fresh cues he strove to arouse him, chafing his face mean while as well as his prisoned position permitted ; and presently Jack gave signs of returning oon sciouAuess. 'Shadrach ! Shadrach !' were the lad's first cries. ' Where are you, Shadrach i' ' Here beside thee, Jack, but I am half buried and can't get myself free. Are you all right, lad?' 'I'm hurt a bit and fast too,' the little fellow replied cheerily. 'But what's up. Shadrach ?' ' I believe the pit has exploded ; but I think we are safe, Jack, if we can only work our selves out) of this. Do you think yon can manage to get out and help me.' ' I'll try, Shadrach ; m try ! ' Jack cried oravely ; and the man oould at once hear tbe lad making desperate efforts to free himself from the splintered timber and fallen rocks which imprieoned him. The courageous efforts of the lad stimulated his master to the making of another desperate struggle, but he was pinioned as in a vice and to tight further to free himself meant only exhaustion. So he resigned himself to his position with all the patience he could command and be lay there thinking prayers, if he did not utter them, that Jack might free himself quickly and thus aid him to regain his freedom. Suddenly a sound caught Shadrach's ears that sent a thrill through him and caused him to listen with bated breath. The peculiar shuffling sound continued and became more clear each moment ; he knew that someone was creeping on his hands and knees in the dark and his voice rang out in loud, hopeful accents — ' Who's there ? For God's sake, be quick and come here. Pm fast under some roof and timber and my drawer is fast, too !' ' Who are you ?' a voice replied, and Shad rack recognised the speaker as his rival, David Southworth. ' It's me, David— Shadrach Deane.' ' Ah, it's you, is it?' came back with a loud, sneering laugh. ' And you expect me to help you?' ' For God's sake, David, help me and little Jack ! Be sharp, or we may both be lost !' 'You're where you'll stay, Shadrach Deane. I wouldn't lift a finger to save you from hell. You stole Nannie Wilson from me, you'll have to Rive her up now.' Another brutal laugh came floating along the dark road and Shadrach's heart felt heavy as lead. He listened intently for a moment and could hear South worth shuffling away up the gallery. Again Deane's voice rang out — ' Sonthworth ! For the love of heaven, do not desert this lad and me! Have you for gotten how I risked my own life to save yours ? If we die our blood will be on your bead ! If you don't help us and we escape m denounce you to everybody as a murderer ; be a man, not a fiend. Come and help us !' lie paused breathless and listened, but he could hear nothing save the shuffling of the fleeing hound. Biting his lips in blackest despair he fell back and prepared for the worst. (To be continued, j 