NOVEL. The Duke and the Commoner. BYPOULTNEY BIGELOW. CHAPTER VII. (Contikubd.) \- . When the climax waa reached, Mia. Olippingd lie was silent. After what S3om ' '' : od a long time to Helen, she euid, — ? '.,-? ' And yon really do not intend to be a anohena V ' I really do not,' said Helen. 1 'What aro your objeotions to ths duke ?' 'None at all, — aa a friend. Bat there ia one insuperable one, viewing him in the light of a husband.' ' Because yon do not love him ?' 1 Yea, aimplj that.' . Violet was again eilent. At length she said, gently, jot with emphasis, ' You mur \- ried for lore, onoe, Helen.' Mrs. Silverthorne colored. 1 Yea,' she said, * and beoanso tho ex* psrlment was a miserable failure, yon thiali a directly opposite one might be a auooesB.' 'Not neoessarily; bnt the love-matohes are very often failuroa, for one reason or another. I am noc 'very worldly, bnt, flome how, I shonld like yon to mary the dnke.' 1 It is all so different, Violet, from what I ever imagined. I cannot feel that it is meant ,, to be.' ' Naturally it ia different. It ia not likely that yon should nave decided in cold blood to marry the Duko of Asaingdon. Bat hore he is, ready to be married, and I oannot help thinking it is a good thing. I liked him at K»lo 'Wood's dinner, very muoh. It would not be a difficult thing to care for him, I flhonld think, — unless one cared for some one else.' Helen looked at Violet with pathetic eyes. ' I did — I do— oare for some ona else,' sle said; ' There, yon are the oaly humaa be ing besides Oonatanoa Vmkelberg who knows At last Violet looked surprised. ? Where— who is he ?' she asked, blankly. ' Oh, Helen 1 I thought I knew all your gecrots, and here is something — a hnge one —that I never guessed.' ' It happened — two years ago, — before Edward died.' (The last words in a ahame faced whisper.) 'Ton make me ouriona to know more,' said Violet. And then for the first time the -whole story waa told, — of the few meetings, and the overwhelming attraction between tho two persons thua thrown together,— of the straggle between duty and inclination, and the triumph of the former,— of the last . ? ' ?' good-by at Brighton, and the absolute si . i '-? lenae ever since. . ..- Violet Olippiugdale was the wife of a novelist, bat never in tho midst of his most violent and astounding plots, which he al ways discussed with her, had she felt so absolutely overcome with amazement aa she did at this present moment. ' Oao thing is yet to be told,' she said. ' Helen, what wan his name 1' 'Viotor Pistorias.' A sudden change osme over Violet's fabe. ? Helen ! oh, Helon I and I saw that name yesterday in a Gulignani whioh was sent to Horace ! Oh, if it should be the game !' Helen hnlf started up. _teimeeVlsehedtd'f'eryWiitOinthOliFS' 'Ho, no; not dead, but— you shall Bee the paper.' And Mrs. Olippingdalo ran from the roouj, soon tj return breathless with QaHgnani in her haod. Helen read the paragraph to which her sister-in-law pointed. It was the aooonnt of a marriage solemnized in Paris two weeks before between a Dutchman and a French woman, and- the name of the bridegroom wbb Viotor Piatoriua. One moro bubble bad bnrst, one more deep- rooted hope was torn up, one more il . - ? lnsion waa gone. From the moment when Helen Silverthorne knew that Pistorias had given himself to another woman, the waa a changed oreatnre. Tho past— a sorrowful and diaappoinging one— was over, and a brilliant and promi sing present had begun. Before the month of probation had expired, the dnko's question was unexpectedly answered. in this wise. A fair days after Helen's arrival in Ar | ' lington Street, Horace Olippingdale waa 1 ' returning home one afternoon, whon he ond denly met the Dake of Auingdon. The two mon had met before, at lira. Wood's dinnor, and had had some conversation whioh had tended towards mutual liking. There fore (and on . aooonnt ako of tho position of affairs sentimental; Horace warmly wel comed the duke to Boston, and pressed him to dine with him that evening. Ansingdon nothing loath, aocoptcJ ; and, as Violet eoctationlly observed when she heard it, ? ? Helen's fate was sealed.' Both womon felt It to bo a truly monu mental occasion. Even Horaoo wrote more briskly than was his wont, and his pon seemed automatically to traoo the course of a ducal romance. Tho potential dnohcas was cool and col lected outwardly, — inwardly rather rook ie'. ? - ?????. Violet told her repeatedly that after dinner shaehoold rnn up-staira to look at the babr (a morsel of only a few months' standing), Horaoo wonld have something pressing to attend to in tus study, and then ..would be the duko'a opportunity. Helen I Is tended somewhat languidly, and wont on dressing her hair. Htklf-pnst seven arrived,, and with it the dnko. It nns no nee drilling tho New Eng land handmaiden to announoo him properly. A daho was to her no moro than the milk man, and not half so convincing, for of tho one of them she had daily exporlonoo, whllo tbo other wns never met with save in aristo cratic romances in whioh he figured as an impossible psrsonaeo. So Assicgdon ontcrod unannounced. He found tho OltppingdaleB, and no one olae. Ho was more than usually uffable, — explained that ho oonld not go West without seeing Boston, — auoh a oharm ing town, — very English ('ho highest praise ho oould bcatow), — and all tho timo hia keen ejes were fixed on the door. Violet waa bo ginning to fidgot, and the dinner waa begin ning to bo spoiled, and when no ono oonld endure it another moment the door opened, and Mm, Silverthorne walked in. Sho was dressed in tho pnrast white, — tho white of the snowdrop, not of ivory, — a white whioh Done but a perfect complexion can fearlessly euraionnt. Her ojos were starry in tbolr brightness, her oheeka a burning pink. He knew whon ho saw her that ho was to have his nnBwer ; and a sadden Btrong lova leaped up within him with a foioe that shook his heart. Sho was exquisitely composed ; only h«r eyes and ohceka were burning. She gavo him her hand for ono instant, and sat down. ' How do you do, duke f she said. ? Are yon on your way to the West? Few women ate devoid of the follne in stinot, though in good ones it is more the playfulness of the innooent kittens before their olawa are strong. Asaingdon felt liho a xnouso between two velvet caws. Under the oiroumntanoea dinner ought to havo been dull ; but, strangely enough, it was not. Helen waa all study brightness and sparkle. Her lover beoamo almost Io qnaoiouu, and when both were xihnt the Olippirigdales filled tho pau»o?. Asaingdon explained how he had drifted to Boston, and the explanation involved a greater play of imagination on hia part than was uaui with him. He spoke, also, of England and the life there, mentioned hia boy at Eton and hia daughter iu Cornwall, and altogether took his companions inlo his confidence in a way whioh ooarmed them. After ooffeo in the drawing- room— for the men did not sit over their wine many minutes — the prearranged cry of the infant up stairs was suppoasd to be heard. Violet ex oused herself and hastened to hor offspring. Horace pleaded excessive work required in the last chaptord of his novel, and strolled into tho study. Almost beiuro ho was cono, Aasingdon orossed ;he room to whore Hjlen was sitting on a deop sofa, one arm embracing a soft blue ODB'uion. ' May I have half this sofa?' ho asked. 'It is like the traditional goose,— too muoh for one and not enough for two,' laughed Helen. ' You may sit there, oppo site to me, whore I oan talk to yoa without craning my neok.' J&Witb.; a clight grimsoe, he obeyed orders. ? well, he began, 'are yon glad to see me?' ' Very much surprised,' said Helen, tan taliziogl/. ' Ofod, I said.' ? And surprised, I said. This ia not the way to the wild West, you know.' 'I decided not to go. I went to your house yesterday, having kept away as long as I conld, and foand you had gone, —-which I thought was rather a nasty triok to play mo : don't you ? Nelly and the other little woman, howaver, oame down to see me, and told me where yoa were : eo I came.' ' Very underhand in you, I call it, f o be worming my seoreta out of a small ohiW.' 1 You don't really think that f Do you know you look muoh kinder to-night than I have ever seen you ? — and more beautiful, tooP You'll not send me away again, will youf He came nearer to her, and lightly touched a fold o! her floating gown. ? D.iea this white drees moan that you have stopped mourning ?' he asked. ' It means,' said Helen, deliberately, ' that tho paat is gono— and forgotten.' Tneir eyea mot. ' I did not know,' he oried, ? till to-night, how much I loved you. I will not go away again unless I take you with me.' He held out hia arms to her, bnt she did not stir. ' Helen, you are not playing with mo f ho «sked, uncertainly. ' ? You will be my ' 1 havo,' she said, one slim hand keeping him at arm's length, ? a sort of a heart,— a ghost of one, — whioh you may have, if you atill want It.' ' Want it 1' he cxolaimed. 'I should think so !' This time he took her into Mb arms, nnrepnlsod, and she felt hia kiss upon her mouth. Whether in that moment ehe was glad or sorry ahe did not know. CHAPTER VIII. The Now York papsra were not long in gotting hold of the ongagement, and how they dealt with it I leave the natives of New York to imagine. What waa printed, how ever, was nothing to what waa said. When a man publishes a statement he runs a cer tain risk, oven in a country where the Hbol laws are a dead letter ; but when a woman atates a thing verbally, who is to oonviot her? Among all the women who were amazed by the engagement, not one was moro sur prised than tho engaged woman herself. She wondered how it had all happened. Wnen the OlippingdaleB had returned to their drawing-room, feeling pretty sure of finding an embryo dnchesa, Asaingdon had uotnally blu6hed, and stammered oat,— 1 Helen, has mede me very happy— wo want your blessing — she is going to bo my wife.' And Helen hnd stood, her hand otill half in his, in a state of dull surprise, as if tho wbd-j thing was a mystery. She insisted on going homo next day'to her ohildron. Sho felt like a trator towards them, though she bad taken a step sure to advance their interests. Of oonrso the dute went, too. He elected also to go by the same train ; and, as he began to be very mnoh in love, tho other oo oupanta of tho drawing-room oar found the time pass pleasantly at they watched tbo pair. Ho was already asking herto'namo tbe day.' Thia raqneat Bhe constantly parried. _' I havo m7 opinion of matrimony,' she said, aa the; partod at the door of her house. ' Oome to tea to-morrow, and I will tell it you.' 'Not till tea-time ?' ho said, quite wist follf. ? Certainly not. I shall havo lota to do,' sho orta ftred waywardly. 1 O-dtr your things, then. Women al waya get i.eapa of olothes, don't they, when they are to be married f 'Oh, I shan't want a trousseau for an age,' she tried, defiintiy, as the door oles?d on her pretty face and kid her from her lover. It eeeincd ourioua that ho had not expressed surprise at tho sudden reversal of her former dooision ; but perhaps he had known his own vaiuo too well to despair. ? Helen was not quite herjelf. She was nervous and excited, afraid of allowing her self to think, or to consider what she had dqne. She ran up-Btairg, to tho day nursery, aa soon aa sho entered the house Oa the floor, bnllding block houses, sat the tw- blooming children, and by the window sat Janet, sow ing diligently. Aftor a atormy wolcomo from the little girls, Helen eat down, in tho ohair whence she had dislodged the nnree. ' Janet,' ehe said, 'what do yoa say to my being a duohesa ?' The face of the Soo'oawoman. lighted tip, and her expressive dark eyas flashed, (To 89 OOHTJSTUZD,) 