Our yney Letter. — : — r -r Frm oup .own CprrgsponifeiiL;..) For qpine tjrae past WP Dave bepn ppavplv assprefi tliqt tlie singlp tax is . fieuii tjiat it is puly afivpcaleii by a few faddjsts tyhpsa pumbprs ape becoming Bipailer ; evejey pay, and luiicq ipore poually accurate and tp the pprpqse. 1 aiq not a sjpgle taxer inysn|f, but the idea of the single tax embodies p. great truth which p'p eivjiized Ste pap long pontinue to neglect yjth . impooity. To allow the ufieapned ippremput in the value pf land to be ipopopolispd by fndividuals is to set g preiqiqiQ on pBtutoness $nd cqiiqing, afid lo pftqal- se lqdqstry aqfi eqterprise. ' It forpr goes the fPVPBP® >vhjch Is prodHepd, and fenders- it' neposspry to lpvy peypnue by faxes >vfiiefr hftfSpPF ppor pctipq and popijnerpe. The fynd yvhjcli the activities and enterprise gf tfie people pf I7ew Soqth Wajps, havp preated-thai fupfi wh)pfi ; .. is jppasqrpd by the "position Tftke', ; pf the lanfis of the colony gs distinct frpm the vglue pf the jinprqvepiepts pn tfieqi — is for the most p$pt being ppent by absentees in other cpuptfjes. ffiq supply thp want of it the polpny |ias hqd to borrow tn iptprest charge Which douhles the post of our loans pnd constitutes a severe drain op the Resources of the country. A'l this the pdvocatea of the sipgle tax have taught me, and if I still fail to spe fhat a tax on the position value qr up- improved value of the land should pnder all cirpumstapcps be the oply it is pp.t from any want of loyalty fO that grPat central principle of honesty— tq each this own, apd to thp State its owu. Tp pvpry piap the fruit of his owp labppr, apd tp the JStqtp coliectivply the friiit of jt col- ipctive labours. .pologising for this digression, I Avjsh /to observe tht this " dead" -'pause, is still -so formidable that the landowners of the colony have foqnd ft npcessary tp form q, league fq coun teract its teachings, Possibly they gre afraid of its ghost, ff slander aud -inigreprespntfttiflo qonjd hgvq killed it, ; .jti would ..have been dead long ggo, Jlut. either it or its wraith is so mnch : jn eyidencp thet1 the people who do us the honoup to own" the land we live in find if necessary to baud together for the expj-gsg purpose of killing it qver again, However, whether the- single tax ppp.resents a dead caue or a living ope J "think that npqrly pll clgsses are ggrefd that it is h shameful injustice that of,«li, classes in the colony, the apeculatiye and non-improving" land, qwpers should escape taxation alto gether. They are the most powerful class ip the community, whi«h 8nf- ficieptly accounts fop their immunity rfeo- the most, useless, Kay, they are worse ih;au.usele; . because tfiey neither use fhe land themselves, nor permit any pne else to use- it except on ruinous terms.-. There is not a city pr to wu jn the colony that is not hemmed in By their j p -tessipng. And it is % jually free that there is pot a city or town ., which would pot immediately feel p / piighty-impetus if, by: an: impost on iho..unened increment, the, holding \- of hfiprodqerire land for" a rige iq price werg rendered pecuniarily un profitable, :rs s v The "land to those who use it," is the keynote of "Material prosperity. ; ;jn Ifew : South Walesrwesay iq effect : ./Theliuad tp those who hold it out of qse ! Copsequeqtly, the nnemployed iaqj .mQcka, th. tpjemployed people, qqd" those ' otriiers," who - reside qmbg Q8 afe qsked to'give in charity to the destitute what they should "have givep-pri rather ah infinitesimal frae- tion of'what fhey should have given— to the State as its right. If the State hud collected1 the revenue of its own | preatiqq the expenditure of tbqt i| r-eyepue wQuld have rendered destitu- 3 -tion impossible except among the iq- |. yeterately idle and thriftless, and these | ... classes' can never he insured against | the inevitable consequences of their | owq/vices: ; It has allowed itself to be I pobbed of lhe wealth o,f its own | ereutioq. s ; Tfiat wealth is helping to make, I things/ " hum" in Loqdon and" Faria- I jt is enabling a small and- idle class | pf propertied persons to stand callous- | ly by whilst the rest of the community | Bpffiew aU :the .mi9oriea of- depression for the warifcof it. / | "v Ko wonder the landowners huddle together like frightened . sheep now ? Yfiat these..thinga. are -being brought i iqtq discqasion. The rights of pro; g perty ape Hi question, they cry, ''Spolia- 1 fion is rampant." Spoliation qever gqve.th0tq any qqeasiness as long as. | thoY/Were allowed qqquestioningly to g despoil the State. Thp rights of pro-: | .perty qeyep.gave them aquaim "as long | .qs ythey were allowed .without dethur | to appropriate the iqcremeut of value | .whicq was; created hy the. State, apd | "which therefore belorigs to the State. | Tfieir. idea, of . "property" is the right | 'qf appropriating other" peoples pro- perty— the property that is to say of | the community "which created it. I" Fjven now there unearned gains are I as.yet qutouched. hfot a farthing in p the pound hqs beeq levied upon them, jg All that has heen done has been in gj the way of subjecting their gains to W pramination and ' disenssibn, Will || their hqddling together save them? g: "Will tfie 'dqst of mi8?epreseqtation iq 5 Which - they ohscqre the iqaiq issue g pave them ? I will leave the historian 4' of thd f ntqre to answer. But I feel certain that they can only b.e saved Jfrom what they -fear at- the cost of keeping the rest of the population in ! the miseries which they are at present; t-5 experiencing, and I dp.nbt very mnchi 6 whether, they .will -he- willing 'tq ex-: / perieqce them much -longer, | Thm is a case in i -which justice as; Well as votingpowpr is on the side of: ' dv q ring reform. -The -most effective j tacticj of the land "monopolists have: b therto heamfaqnd iq- silence.;; They! aave not defended tfieir position, by kTf USIRkJB? vfietoric,. fiqt tfiey hav V- ! . 'i--- ."it-JiiL | quietly., diverted taxation in other directions. " It is notorious that Free- trade members <5f the Legislative Council, foijin stance, voted for Pro tection because they knew that if they rejected if -a laud tax would follow- Their establishment of a league is a distipct step in advance, It shows tfiat they' are bping forct 4 qqt iqto the open, that the subterfuges by which thev have beep enabled to sfiirk their fair share of taxation iri the pqst are fjpling thein, and thqt they are at last eompellpfl tp prake some attempt to justify their position. They sre brought to the bar of public opiuion, and find themselves compelled to plead, The more thoroughly their t-asp is set forth the more untenable it will be seen to be, and tfie more promptly will judgment be entered against them. The manner in whipli Australian qualified medical men suffer from the competition of those who arp legally unqualified has qften been set forth in moving tprms? Commissions uodpr tfip direction «3f itfie legally-qualified sepffim have published blue books of evidence intended to sink the egaly- uno uglified out of existence. But Btijl they live and flourish, and out of sfieev perversity, I suppose, the death- rate of the colony persists ip remmnr ing low, notwitfiatandipg thp general preference for the "unqualified" Short ag against tfie " qualified " Codlip. But as the difference bet tyveen qualified and unqualified often means thp difference between the possession of a piece of parchment without skill in fiealing, and the possession of skillin healing witfiout a piepe ofnarchmeut perhaps if ig not so formidable as it seem8- At any rate a commission appointed tp inquire into the doings of legally-, qualified practitioners would soon be .able fn pile up a sensational record. Here is a bit of evidence from a New Zealand paper. A woman died after-two days of terrible suffering- Her friends had eudeavoured to ob tain medical assistance for fipr but in vain. One doctor declined to attend without having his fee paid in advance, anptfier objected to inPPt at the bed? sidea member of the profession with whom he had BOine misunderstanding, and a third wa8 qnprpvided with the necessary instruments to deal with tfie case- So, after days of fruitless agony .the poor- woman passed away, Tfiu8 dogs humanity suffer, at the bands of. these unprincipled unquali fied practitioners — I beg' pardon I had faljen into thp regular " hack" line of thp daily papers, Thesp practitioners, one and all/appear to have been duly and legally qualified. Tfie incident, like others which are occurring every day, shows tfiat tfie possession of a diploma bv no means exempts the holder from some of the werst failings of degenerate humanity. The folly of giving to any class supreme power over the health and liberty of the peeple becomes more evident every day. A fair field and no favor, the medical profession, like every other profession, is entitled tp, But when they seek more tfiau that they become pro, tanto enemies of thelpeople. Hospital Sunday proved a great success. The wives and daughters of tfie wealthy classes, and of the classes which are not wealthy, turned out in force to collect..- They raised nearly £2000, and what is perhaps of more importance they raised their estimate of the ordinary plebeian crowd, from whem they solicited donations Per haps also the reverse is true and the plebeians, so widely separated in rank and station from the fair collectors, may have been gratified to be able to observe for themselves that these for: tunate yoimg persons possessed both human sympathies and human foibles. Anyhow the grand truth that "you never know what yoq can do till you try" has once more received exemplifi cation. So elated are the collectors over their success that I expect Satur day collections will yet be made for other objects than to support the hps: pitals. A collection to resuscitate the landowners' defunct "organ" for instance, or to establish the meat ex port trade of the colony, oi tp raise another. £1000 for tfiat dear man Sir George Dibbs" — but there the possible and probable objects which suggest : themselves are too many and too be: : wildermg to admit of enumeration. Gable news is more than usually exciting, , /Earthquakes in Greece, social earthquakes, gigantic .stri kes and unemployed - demonstrations in America, The handwriting is on ;the wall of Carnegie's Triumphant Pluto cracy. The fat man is being weighed iq the balance and found wanting. 