b. jjpqyei EXTRACTS FROM A NOTABLE , . ; Overaquarterof a century ago, in October, 1867 (not, as stilted on the title pake, 1860) , Sir Atchibald (then Mr) Miohie, delivered a ' lecture, entitled ; Vibteria" Suffering' a Re- ; co very. This deliverance caused consider able stir at the time by the pungency of its fatire and the boldness of its proposals. Muoh that Sir Archibald then said Js most applicable to the condition of affairs now existing, and might have been written ysBterday. The lecture has been published in a neat pamphlet by Messrs Melville, Mullen and Slade, and is obtainable for a humble sixpence. It comes moat appropriately just now. . With the consent of the brilliant lecturer we give below some intereatin g ex tracts from this valuable hit of ancient Vidtorian history. The pamphlet should, however, be ? read in its entirety. Is not the . body politic like the body natural? Does not the excitement and over trading of the past commit over-draftB on the vigor of the present and future ? and does not, „ therefore, depression follow excitement, as naturally as night the day? Ib not this observable all the world oyer ? It is only soine seven years since Victorians were elate, intoxicated with prosperity; when sensible men and fools alike had money thrown, as it were, at their heads; and when (as is not unusual with suddenly acquired wealth) much of It went in absurdity and extravagance almost as speedily as it was acquired. A new Melbourne having been built, was not required to be built again. St. Kildas, - Prahrans, South Yarras and Emerald Hills were competing for tenants ; market gardeners and farmers were com peting for customers, artisans for em ployers, candidates for polieemanships ; and rents, as well as prices, fell as rapidly as they rose. I do not say that wages fell, for a sort of imperial ukase has xaid wages shall not fall ; and nature is for the thousand and first time turned out of doors to come in at the window, as of old. Let every man, then, who likes it, o into farming at once. Put things at the worst, and suppose your farmer does become insolvent, rural insolvency is pleasanter than Little Bourke street insolvency. A man never seems to me so happy as when surrounded by his stacks, his pigs, his kine, his growing crops, his chil dren tumbling amidst the straw, or laughing among the vines. If there he perfect and serene enjoyment, surely it is here. After an anecdote, told in the brilliant lec turer's best style, of the man who was to save the colony by a new industry — kangaroo sausages — for Which we must refer the reader to the lecture itself, Sir Archibald continues. He carefully re- wrapped theBaveloy in paper, re- dropped it into its appointed reoeptaole, aid strode away with an air that delighted the. He did not seem to think so much of any profit derivable from this preparation, as of the fact that he was carrying a portion of the salvation of the colony in his pocket, society ali unconscious of the millennium im pending. Awed, then, by these awful banks, and sharing only the common reverence for plate glass, and splendid mahogany, and brass rails, and the mysteries of the parlor, does my friend, therefore, who the other day said to me in Queen street, "I hope in that lecture of yours, you are going to touch up the banks," think that I am going to do or attempt anything of the kind ? What would .he banks care for my touching up — they who can touch up everybody ? Besides, who so presumptuous as to say that he really knows anything distinot about those - great , sublime,- moneyed mysteries? /Why am I to .be oalled upon to show my igno- 1 ance as to the manner or degree in which the interests of the colony are affected by these full moons, which some superstitious -people -egard as influencing all the moneyed tides in . the affairs of men? . But if great depressions work such good " results on men's outward circumstances, how \- .oh more do they improve mn« hiwrmelf i ameliorate his moral nature ! how soften the hard merchant into tt»« melting philanthropist ! how make his heart, like that of the ancient mari ner, overflow with emotion, and " bless us unawares!" If I have shown more levity in the course of these observations than some people may think becoming amongst a ruined people, pray consider it is because I, for one, do not consider that we are ruined at all. Like the gentleman who had seen too many ghosts himself to be able to believe in them, so I have seen the colony ruined too many times to believe it is going to be trained now. That there is distress amongst is there can be no doubt. In all periods of transition in every country there must eer 3C more or less of distress— distress pven occasionally among industrious, provident and worthy families. Such cases, \- perhaps, we have all known. Do we sufficiently and habitually consider, -then, the . advantages, we aotually enjoy. Health, food, warmth, light, liberty, some \- leisure for reading jf or though t,and recreation <-are these possessions nothing ? Are they Aot, indeed, all, so far as this mere sub lunary life is concerned ? I am not preaching any impossible philosophy, or any anti- colonial degree of abstinence and self-mortifi- sation. I merely mean to say that there is no thing like looking resolutely at the better side Tf i every situation, and being thankful to God things are no worse. M is at present con stituted, he cannot even properly taste pleasure without having first known pain. We most of us command more than the people of many other countries enjoy, and as much at unsophisticated man really wants; and if at times and seasons —and suoh times and seasons come to all— we find ourselves unable to live up to our owndoo- trine, and that wear# yet querulously repining under those losses &£ emm 84 petty griefs and disasters, wfefefe hard pQwtt over the Strongest as over the lot us still thankfully baarfa misd tig wisest and most benignant of tmmm Spirits has said— , " This wide and universal theatre Presents more woeful pageants than the seen Wherein weplay in." « ' " ZC1/' ! - - ' We" trUBt thaVthe eftracts 'we'haregivcn from -, the . Jlectpre, : WiHj- but;- whet - the ao-j- petibfc' bf oor Mden: :|or more, and tfaafc jtbey ;>vill ttjusibe induced id peruse it in iti entirety. .. 