Religions. Prayer- Sermon preached by Rev. G. Middleton, at St. Andrew's, Seven Hills. If any of you laok wisdom, let him aBk of God, that giveth to all men liberally and opbraidethnot; and it shall be given him.—St. James, i., 6. The sublime mystery ofj>rayer is understood only by those whose hearts the Lord has touched. To Bpeak of prayer as the only outlet for the sorrows of a burdened heart, is like speaking in a foreign tongue to those who have never known their way to the mercy seat; and whose wounds have never been bathed in the heavenly lotion of warm supplioation to Oar Father. Many fall into great mental anxiety, but are, unhappily, ignorant of God's method of alleviation, and understand not how, in the touohing accents of filial confidence, they may approach the heart of the Eternal, through our God Incarnate, by Whom alone the mind can be brought into a conscious realization of the verities of the eternal world. I pray that, in considering the mysteriouB operations of His spirit in the exercise of this sweet and precious luxury, we may find out for ourselves that they only are happy wbo are enabled by the powerful instrumentality of prayer to bear life's heavy burdens without fainting under the load. We have here, in the first place, a well-grounded supposition. Not that there was any doubt in the apostolic mind that the human heart was other than the veriest incarnation of evil, in its multiplicity of forms. Then, as now, it was "deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked." For an exemplification we do not wander to our gaols, where the criminal, awaiting the carrying into execution of the last dread sentence of the violated law, trembles on the very brink of eternity; nor do we need to walk SydDey streets at midnight, and hear the pioklook grating in the door, or witness the savage look of some bloodthirsty villain, who for the sake of a few peundB, it may be, is ready to plunge the murderer's dagger into the heart of some poor helpless victim of his insatiable lust. No: we oan come nearer home and look into our own poor, unhallowed natures, and witness there innumerable evidenees of that tendency to evil, which, if allowed to develop undisturbed, will bring us to an end where hopelessness and despair will be the burden of our cry. Yes, the human heart in its unregenerate condition lacks wisdom. Not only is it the stream that is foul, but the very fountain itself—aye, the innermost Bource of the fountain. From the very earliest imaginable period in which human nature has existed, it has been an impure, defiled, and tainted thing. " Who oan bring a clean thing out of an unclean? Not one." " From the sole of the foot—even to the head, there is no soundness in it, but wounds and, bruises, and putrifying sores,"—that iB to say, the heart is by nature irredeemably bad, BO thoroughly infected with iniquity, that, even in its very oentre and essence, it hates the very Being by Whom alone it can be cleansed. We have often been wont to hear in fascinating strains, emanating from some poetic mind, of the attractive blamelessness of die savage, luxuriating in the sylvan bowers of primeval foreBt, untainted by the diBgraoeful tendencies of modern civilisation, and unpolluted by the inventions which commerce and art have been instrumental in introducing. But we are at once confronted by the indisputable logio of facte. No sur-h charming representation has ever been verified, nor, even in the untutored savage, can there be discovered other than the blood-red tomahawk of the Indian, the cnnning ferocity of the Sepoy, or the cannabalistic abominations of the former denizens of the Southern Isles. The wolf cannot be metamorphosed into the lamb: water can only rise to its own legitimate level, unless by artificial means. "That whioh is born of the flesh is flesh"—but when He, by His eternal spirit, imprints His cross upon the heart, we can appreciate the power arid pathos expressed in the incomparable language of dear oldToplady— Vile, I to the fountain fly: Wash me, Saviour, or I die. We next have to consider an earnest exhortation—*' Let him ask of God." What a magnificent panacea for the spiritual ailment of whioh we have been speaking. Here is to be found the grand catholicism whioh is never-failing in its pharaoter. It is true that unbelief steps in and incredulously whispers, What profit oan there be in offering our poor imperfect breathings to the Great Arohiteot of the universe, under whose Divine superintendence the whole of these .vast creations are kept in such a constant state of marvellous preservation ?—but here is introduced the precious solution of this otherwise insoluble problem. Here is to be found the grand education of this so-called unintelligible mystery—the sweet philosophy of the Christians' prayer, reaching to the very heart of the Eternal, through the mediation of His dear Son, amid the difficulties and burdens of our everyday lot. It iB well for lis that we have such an exhortation as this, bearing upon it the imprimatur of the Holy Ghost; or else, in times of deepest trial, the back would well-nigh break beneath the burden either of untold trials or of unforgiven sin. Many and various as are the afflictions with whieb we are all, more or less, visited, we have the more than compensating joy of His consoling presence—" In all our afflictions He is afflicted, and the Angel of His presence saved us." In the deep ravine or on the mountain summit, on the barren ~ rook or in the fathomless ocean, submerged anon beneath its in satiable billows, and elevated once and again upon the crest of the ever- rolling waves—in the furnace where the fuel is ®ver glowing—we would gladly find refuge, in the quiet, feeble utteranoe of contrition and prayer, and affectionately and trustingly pillow our heads on the bosom of our loving God. The Greeks were wont to call their gods theoi, because they said they could see. And can we not, with our much-boasted, but poorly appreciated, light, " see with the glittering eye of fate the arcana of God's eternal rest"? There are summite— in experimental knowledge of the things which belong to our peaoe— which the eagle's eye of Grecian acumen, or worldly' philosophy, has never been able to penetrate. Our Father alone can carry us thither in the triumphal chariots of prevailing prayer. He alone cain guide us to Fisgah's glorious heights, and kindly and tenderly teach us to " view the landscape o'er," till we can gaze upon the indelible scars of His passion, which he holds aloft as the trophies of His viotory over sin, the unfailing avenue to everlasting rest. This leads us on to another aspect of the question, the enoouragement with whioh we are here provided—" He giveth to all men liberally and upbraideth not." If there is any word in God's revelation to man which indioates His true relation to His creatures, it is that significant monosyllable " give." This is one of " God's little words." I love to dwell on this sweet message of the Holy Spirit to our hearts to-day. " God so loved the world, that He gave." 8hall He not with Him also, freely give us all things ? " Look over your concordances for a while, and see what depth of spiritual power is conveyed in that one precious word. When our Father gives, He gives like a king. His great munificence is never regulated aocording to the law of debts. God is not any man's debtor. He owes nothing to poor sinful man but wrath, yet in the exercise of His undoubted sovereign rights He prides himself upon the prodigality of His gifts, and generally offers to H« bankrupt debtors entire absolution from all their liabilities, and brings to them an absolute receipt written in the atoning blood of Christ, whioh washes us from our iniquity and cleanses us from our sin. He gives, and we receive; and surely, therefore, we can utter our warm responses to His oft repeated entreaty, and say, "I will take the'cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord." And with what boundless liberality is all this accomplished. " He giveth to all men liberally," and BO it has ever been. The divine Teacher points us to the sun, whioh soatters his lifegiving beams among the sons and daughters of wealth and poverty alike. They fall alike on the land of the blasphemer and the homestead of the churl, and with his gentle, rays and genial warmth expand the grain of the Sabbath- breaker and cause the harvest even of the unclean to prosper. So, too, with the refreshing breezes which revive the sick when languishing and well-nigh ready to die, and which find their way into the luxurious palaoe of the monarch no less than to the humble gunyah of the aboriginal. So also with the fertilizing showers, with which be replenishes the arid desert as well as the fruitful field ; which fall alike on the unyielding rook, which refuses to. drink in its reviving moisture, as well as upon the thirsty land, whioh opens its gaping mouth to reoeive with grateful avidity the blessings that come from our Heavenly Father's hands. Thus is it, that, by a bold Hebrew metaphor, the clouds are represented as the chariots of God. He maketh the clouds his chariot* and He rides upon the heavens in the greatness of His strength and in His excellency on the sky: the rainB drop upon the lands, whioh He enriches with all the munifioent benisons of His love. Blessed are they who in such an One as He oan feebly reoognise the liberal Benefaotor of our "raoe, who " never upbraids " the seeking soul that comes to His footstool in penitence and prayer. _ Our last point is the promise with whioh this message conoluaes, " It shall be given to him." Lean upon this promise, my hearers, as you tremblingly bnt trustfully approach the mercy-seat, where Jesus answers prayer. He has so firmly and so tenderly spoken that there oan be no base equivocation with Him. He does not, like the Delphic oraole, reveal HiB mind in unintelligible ' argon; but plainly and lucidly does 'He cry out, so that the whole world shall resound with the musio of the promise. Oh! plead with Him as a man pleads for his life. Take a firm hold of the horns of the altar, as the drowning man anxiously dutches the life-buoy, on which to rest. Approaoh Him at once, while yet yon oan, in our dear Master's name. If you be illiterate, it will form no impediment to a •ucoessful pleading with God. You can draw near to God, though not a single word be uttered. An address to our God may be crystallized into a tear. The tearful cry of the humble penitent is enough to float the heartfc feeblest longings to the very throne of God. The silver bell of ms promise is now ringing in your ears, with more sweetness in it than in an angel's voice. How are you to obtain pardon if you present no petition to Him, by whom alone it can be granted? How will yon achieve the viotory over your depraved nature and habits, unless you appeal at onoe to the Strong for Htrength ? It is a precious luxury indeed, especially in times of deepest trial, to oome nestling in prayer into the bosom of your God—approaching quite dose to your Saviour's side, and leaning your poor head, when, it aches with despondency and care, upon the heart that beats in loving tenderness, sweet forgiveness, and never- failinf: love. Try it, dear brethren, try it, and a blisBfnl experience will teach you that it will prove a charm against every ill, and that it will stand you in good steal 1 at the approach of every foe. When driven by stress of, weather, you oan put into this port of peace and bid a last farewell to the tossings and pains of a sad and prayerless life— A guilty, weak and helpless worm, On Thy kind attna I fall. Be Thou my strength and righteousness My Jesus and my all! 