CATHOLIC. ? ^- ? MILITARY CHURCH PARADE. AT HIGH MASS IN ST. MARY'S. THB CARDINAL- ARCHBISHOP'S DISCOURSE. A voluntary church parade for Catholic and Church of England members of all arms of the Defence Force was held on Sunday laot. The muster took place in the Outer Domain under the most favourable auspices, the weather being per fect, and the surroundings such as to set oft the brilliancy of the spectacle, which was witnessed by some hundreds of people. The troops were formed up at a quarter-past 10 o'clock in quarter-columns. Among the senior officers present were the General commanding, Major-General Hutton, . Colonel Mackenzie, A. A.G., and Chief Staff Officer, Major Bartlett, D.A.A.G., Colonel Airey, Colonel Ro we, Major Airey, D.S.O., Major Savage, Major Bridged, Captains J. Lee, Dangar, Sandford, Close, G. Lee, Cansdell, Boam, Lieutenants Owen and Buhner. The Catholic contingent marched to St Mary's, headed by the band of the 2nd Regiment, and as the soldiers and volunteers entered the cathedral the band played ' The Pilgrims of the Night,' the men singing the chorus. Nearly all the benches in the nave were reserved for the military, and the officers present were Colonel Taunton and Captain Boam, staff officers ; Lieutenant Owen, Lieutenant Ander son, Lieutenant Stewart, in charge of church party. There was a large congregation of the general pub lic. The celebrant was Monsignor Verdon, deacon the Rev. Father Walsh, and sub-deacon the Rev, Father Phelan. Haydn's Imperial Mass was given under the conductorship of Mr. J. A. Delany. The soloists were Mrs. Riley, Mrs. Tierney, Mrs. Colley, Miss Stafford, Mr. J. Hinchy, and Mr. D. Clancy. Mr. Neville Barnett presided at the organ. The Offertory was 'Quis estHomo' (Stabat Mater), sung by Mrs. Riley and Mrs. Tierney. THE CARDINAL'S ADDRESS. ' Godliness ia profitable for all things, having promise of the life that norr is, arid of that which is to come.'— 1 Epist. to Timothy,, iv , 8. My Dearly Beloved in Christ, — I congratulate you on your coming in an official manner before the altar to-day to make solemn pro fession of your faith, and to ask the blessing of Heaven on the career of arms in which you devote your lives to the service of your country. It was even so that brave men, your forefathers, loved in olden times to manifest their piety. In the ages of faith, even when knighthood proved its prowess and chivalry attained its triumphs, it was only with the blessing of religion that the laurels were awarded. The brightest pages of Christian history present the record of heroic deeds that linked to gether the discipline of the battlefield and the dis cipline of the sanctuary. St. Martin of Tours, him self the son of a veteran, won his military crown in the foremost ranks of the armies of imperial Rome. In the service or Uou, by his heroism ot zeal and piety, he merited the glorious title of the Apostle of Gaul. Need I recall the thrice-honoured name of St. Ignatius of Loyola ? He was reckoned among the bravest knights of Spain in an age of chivalry, yet became a soldier of the cross and a leader of men in spiritual warfare, and attained the brightest aureola of sanctity. The knights in the Arthurian legends were alike the asserters of their country's rights and the champions of religion. Alfred the Great proved himself in troublous times the liberator of hio people, whilst he was no less the ornament of the , Church in England. In the sister island, the monarch Brian is justly honoured as a hero of Christian chivalry, a model of bravery on the battlefield, and of piety in his devotedness to religion. The example of such brave men, of unstained honour and of peerless fame, should stimulate you as Christian soldierc to emulate their valour and their virtues. You are associated with them as their companions in the career of arms. Let it be your ambition that your thoughts and affections be tempered by their heroism of piety, to win for yourselves the never-fading laurels of the just. It is to you, then, dear soldiers, that in a special manner my words shall be addressed to-day. I desire to commend to you the words of the Apostle v/hich I have taken for my text, 'godli- ness io profitable for all things, having promise of the life that is now, and of that which is to come,' whilst I exhort you to ever cherish inseparably united in your hearts the love of religion and the spirit of patriotiom. The Pagan philosophers of old did not fail to recognize the great truth that religion is the foun dation on which human cociety rests, and without which it cannot subsist. Among the Greeks in the heyday of their national renown, there was the saying that ' the most pious cities and nations have ever been the wisest and most lasting,' and it was no less a proverb among the Romans ' that it is easier to build a city in the air than to constitute -& uuwtuv h**vj*wm.u iwi^iun, me VClUt^O Ul eighteen centuries of Christian civilization has con fimed the traditions of those ancient times. What ever there is of greatness and nobility and exalted feeling in the modern world is the glorious fruit of religion. Truly Christ has been, in the highest and noblest cense, the King of Kings, the King of nations. To follow in His footsteps has been the blessedness and perfection of peoples and states, and the more they were conformed to His teaching and heavenly maxims the greater has been their perfection and happiness. It may be true indeed that men holding the helm of state have professed hostility to all religion. But, despite all this, the very social atmosphere the nations breathe, the principles on which their legislation rests, the traditions that link the present to the past, the gentleness and constancy of family ties, the public conscience of mankind, all bear indelibly impressed on them the divine seal of religion. On religion, as on a sure foundation, social order rents. It is the quickening principle without which all that ia beat in civiliza tion must crumble to decay, and without which justice, morality, and freedom become little better than empty names. A few weeks ago one of the bravest of your comrades in arms, General Lord Roberts, in a public address used the emphatic words : — ' There were nowadays people who forgot that religion was the greatest factor in the history of a nation, the mightiest power, the greatest incen tive for noble actions, and for a useful life ; nay, more, that England was great and England was free only because of her Christianity.' When in the fulness of time the Redeemer came to accomplish the great work of redemption, the whole world was sunk in the lowest depths of spiritual degradation and misery. Ignorance of eternal truth and corruption of morals had over spread the human race. Every ray of heavenly light was shut out as if by a pall of darkness from the minds and the hearts of men. Slavery every where prevailed. And how terrible was the degra dation which that word slavery implied. The slave in those days was a mere chattel of his master. In the eyes of the law he had no rights ; he could be ill-treated, tortured, or put to death according to the master's whim. So, too, the dignity of woman was trampled in the mire by the depravity of man. She was regarded not as the equal and companion, but rather as a mere slave, the victim of the passions or caprices of the hour. Selfishness in all classes and everywhere ruled supreme. Individual rights were ignored, there was no respect for personal free dom ; the individual alike and the family were absorbed by the State. Poverty was branded as a crime. The very name of charity was unknown. Men fashioned to themselves their Deities from sticks and stones, the work of their own hands. The lowest reptiles were adored as gods, and the same tribute of superstition was awarded to the greatest monsters of tyranny. Worse than that, men set upon the altars their own vilest passions as a supreme object of adoration, and thus the very temples which should be the centres of piety, be came like so many tarnished sourees, whence flowed the terrible flood of corruption to overwhelm the world. Our Saviour came to dispense to us the rays of His heavenly light, to enrich us with the treasures of holiness, to kindle on earth the fire of holy love ; and how wonderful was the moral change which He effected in the hearts of men ! The star that shone with brightest rays summoning the wise men of the East to Bethlehem was the symbol of the blessings which the true sun of justice would impart. The angels heralded the glad tidings that the peace and consolation of heart and the other manifold spiritual riches which the world cannot give were henceforth to be man's inheritance. The Redeemer summoned all mankind to Himself : ' Come to Me,' He said, ' all you who are weary and oppressed : with Me you will find the repose, the strength of which you are in need : I have come to cast fire upon earth, and what will I but that it be kindled ?' He opened to the whole human race the fountains of life. In the holocaust of Hie own sacred life, He offered the sacrifice that should one day transform earth to heaven. By Hie toaching and Divine example He became to all His disciples ' the way, the truth, and the life.' A new destiny, a new dignity was revealed to man when the eternal Word of the Father set upon our lipo the prayer which is the compendium oi all prayerc — ' Our Fathei' who art in heaven.' Such a prayer doomed slavery to its fate. All men, be they rich or poor, employers or employed, are made brothers, through the brotherhood of our Blessed Lord. God is the loving Father of us all, and through His boundless love He commando us to exercise charity towards oile another, to do good to tho3e v/ho injure us, to love 'even our enemies : in the words of the Apostle, ' God is charity ; he who abideth in charity, abideth in God, and God in him.' The only nobility in the sight of God ia that of sanctity and charity. The humblest and lov/liest of men has an immortal soul, an immortal destiny, a soul so precious, a destiny no exalted, that God made man offered for it the sacrifice of His life. And womanhood was lifted up from its state of degrada tion. The teachings of faith proclaimed that woman v/as equal to man in origin and destiny, participator with him of all heavenly gifts. Nay, more, she v/as crowned with queenly dignity when a daughter of Eve was enriched with gifts and graces, and arrayed vnth sanctity beyond the very Angels and Arch angels, being privileged to become the Immaculate Mother of the Incarnate Word. What shall I say of Holy Church, instituted by our Blessed Lord as His Kingdom upon earth to r-RrnRfcuat(- His nresenee and to disnense His bless ings to us ? What words can adequately describe this most precious gift which the infinite wisdom of God devised, His bounty imparted, His power per petuates despite all the storms of this v/orld, till the end of time ? It is in Holy Church that are treasured up the exhaustless riches of the graces of Heaven, as if in a most perfect 'yet hidden taber nacle to be showered upon the human race. It is its mission to be a refuge for sinful men, a fountain of living waters for those v/ho are athirst, the bread of eternal life for the hungry, wisdom for the igno rant, for the wanderer a secure path. Its teaching is full of warnings and lessons for the powerful, and for the poor full of love and mercy. Its authority is ao set on high as to command the respect and the obedience of all. It is so firmly set on the adaman tine rock, and so sustained by Divine (strength, that it cannot be shaken by the waves of the restless sea of this world, and amid all the fluctuation of human things it proves itself by its never-failing strength and vigour to be God's work ever ancient and ever new. Its commission to instruct and to enlighten, to sanctify and to save, is not from man but from God. It rests for its support not on the cunning or power of this world, but on the arm of the Most High. The institutions that are of earth earthly have their invariable stages of growth and development, of decrepitude and decay. They may flourish for a while, but they are sure to pass away. Not so the Catholic Church. It is founded not for a time alone, but for eternity. It has been for nineteen centuries on the battlefield, and yet it is to-day bb full of vigour and life, as radiant with the bloom of youth and comeliness as when it came from the Redeemer's hands. The riches which it treasures up for man are not the dross of earth, but the imperishable gold of Paradise, purchased for us by the Blood of the Immaculate Lamb. RHK9iUHHHB9HB9HRflBflBnHBflH9NnnHi \- ^ - - - '? ? ~ [ ? ? , --— r in i - i ~ The Apostle speaks of the Church as the special object of the Redeemer's love : ♦' Christ loved th£ Church, he says, and delivered Himself up for i% that He might sanctify it, cleansing it with the laver of water in the world of life, that He might present to Himaeh a glorious Church, not having spot or wi inkle or any such thing, but that it should be holy and with out blemish' (Ephos. v. 25). Thus crowned as is tilt (Juuijli with sublime perfection and covcreign beauty, v/hat wonder that the children of God in every age would turn to her with deepest affection and filial reverence, and love her as their ever- watchful mothor ? She teaches us v/hr,t to embrace that we may be saved, v/hat to shun leot we be not hurried to the abyss. She rule3 the coul ? with unswerving love, strengthens the will by divine strength, purifies the affections by charity, and moves tho heart by the heavenly impulse of the Holy Ghost. It was the condition of our pilgrimage through life that wo be tossed to and fro amid the quicksands of passion and tho storms and tempests of a sinful v/orld, but the Church as a luminous beacon is mercifully set on high by the hand of God, and with a steady, never=failing light she evor guides us in our heavenward oourse. There is another featuro of this gift of divine mercy v/hich should not be overlooked. Ao citiaenci of holy Church on earth, we are the fellow-citizens of the saints in heaven. The Christians who com bat on earth and the oainta who triumph in heaven form the one Church. The saints have gone before us in the combat and attained their crown. Now they cheer us on by their example and aid us by their prayers, that v/e too may one day be associated ?with them in their triumph. For them, as for us, a spirit oi. self-denial andsacrifice v/as the condition of victory ; the cross is our common standard, and to us, as to them, from the divine victim offered on Calvary shall come the graces and merits to seouse the eternal prize. And now what shall I say of that countless glorious company of heroes of piety, and champions of the cvosa, who by their love of religion have given glory to the Most High ? In the army of the cainto v/e see innumerable hosts of every rank und condi tion of life ; apostles and martyrs, confessors and virgins, all arrayed in the splendours of sanctity. Every nation and every tongue has its representa tives in that joyous band. In triumphant proces sion they move along through the course of ages. How brilliant are their diadems, how jubilant their songs of victory, how joyous the anthems of theitf praise to God. Oh, dearly beloved, let us set our heart on being privileged to be enrolled one day itu that victorious army of God, and let us love reli gion whose triumph is do glorious, v/hose inherit ance is Paradise, T/hose reward is eternal. But whilst I thus commend to you the love of religion, I must not omit to urge you to cherish, also a true spirit of patriotism. There are come who are ignorant enough, or weak enough, to imagine that there may be an antagonism betweon the love of country and the love of religions Such a suspicion, such a thought, is as delusive as it is groundless. Religion is tho very soul of genuine patriotism. Like the love of the child for its parent, patriotism is implanted by nature in the human heart, and religion, faithful to her Divine mission, sets her seal on this love of country. She gives to it its sacredness and force, and she never ceases to put forth her energies to ennoble or refine^ to sanctify and perfect it. The great Doctor of tho Churchj St. Ambrose, teaches that patriotism is a precious gift from the hands of the Creator, implanted in our nature, to counterbalance our grovelling tendency to selfishness. With patriotism are allied the noblest feelinga, the purest and most generous sentiments of the heart. He who truly loveo his country is lifted up in Mo affections towards a high and noble ideal, to attain which he needs the wings of devotednesD and sacrifice. In the lessons of holy writ are inseparably blended religion and patriotism. How sweet and soul-stirring are the words of the inspired canticle which, amid the sorrows of exile, registers the love of the chocen people for the land of their birth. ' Upon the rivera of Babylon, there we oat and -wept, when we remembered Sion. On the willows in the midst thereof we hung up our harps. How shall v/e sing the song of the Lord in a strango land. If I forget thee, O Jerusalem, lot my right lir,nd be foygotten. .Let my tongue cleave to my jav/s if I do not remember thee, if I make not Jerusalem the beginning of my joy ' (Ps. 136). The example of Judas Maccabeus and his brother saints and patriots is registered for our instruction. They offered tlaeie ?lives on the altar of their country to free their people from oppression ; their names are written in the Book of Life, and their memory will be handed dov/n ao a lesson to mankind till the end of time. Patriotism is the safeguard of a people's rights,.the shield of a nation's freedom. Take av/ay patriotism, will not national honour too Boon become a mere empty name ? and v/hat then y/ill roll back the tide of moral and political corruption that ever seeks to flood the fairest lands r If the safety of a State be imperilled, of far greater import than wealth and commerce, than fleets and citadels is the patriotism. »' _ '''- ? »i ? : ? of its citizens. All men pay homage to patriotism* With, it a commonwealth, no matter how limited its resources may be, cannot fail to bo equipped with invincible strength, to win the svmpathy and the applause of all that ia best in mankind. AVithout It the moat opulent states must soon crumble to Sruin. Hence it is that love of country becomes for every citizen a duty which he owes to justice, a duty to conscience, a duty to God. The first and fairest golden fruit of patriotism quickenod by religion is temperaneeb In every country of Christendom, at the present day, we see that men of enlightenment and honour raise their yoice to protest against the terrible ravages of intemperance. Even nrnong ourselves, how many stately homes are wrecked, how many bright nameo tarnished, and priceless gifts of intellect trampled on, and precious lives -wasted*— all the result of intem perance. Temperance adds bloom and fragrance to every other virtue that may adorn the soul. Where ever it is enthronod other blessings and virtues are sure to follow. Eut where intemperance holds Bway- with the slavery of that degrading habit, every other foulest vice will claim the mastery of the heart. Honour and self-respect are dragged in tlie mire; the duties to ourselves, to our families, to ? our country are trampled on ; the debased craving of the appetite gives loose reins to the passions, the image of the Creator in the soul is cancelled, and the noblest faculties of man are subjected to degrading bondage. Another golden fruit of patriotism is pea'ce and concord. Whosoever cherishes a genuine love of his country will set Mrs 'face against everything that ?would tend to engender dissension and social strife amongst us. Providence has allotted a bright and glorious future to this fair land of Australia, 'Nothing could so contribute to blight all her rich blossoms of fairest promise, as civil discord. The Sons of Australia may be justly proud of the richly endowed commonwealth that has become their national inheritance. Her exhaustless mineral wealth, her vast coalfields, her silver and gold, her fruitful domains and widespreading plains, her fertile fields, her mountains, her streams, the very oceans that encompass her shores, pre sent boundless resources for her future greatness. The very position she has received from Divine Providence marks out her destiny. She is set in this southern hemisphere, sufficiently removed from . the neighbourhood of unfriendly or ambitious . states* and surrounded by races and peoples who ,;areas»yet unillumined by the rays of Christian . truth. Her glorious destiny it is to difiUse among . those peoples the blessings of Christian light and Christian life, and thus to merit the diadem of Queen of civilisation in the southern ?world. Moreover, hers in a dauntleso race of citizens gifted with bright intelligence and a . 'singular spirit of enterprise, whose devotedness, ability, and energy not unfittingly correspond to her privileged destiny- And yet without the Bun shine of peace and Concord that destiny cannot be fulfilled. He must be a son unworthy of such a mother's love who by sowing dissensions and pro moting discord would undo the blessings in store . for tb.is fair land. The lesson of history should not be read in vain. Civil discord has brought the most powerful States to ruin, so that instead of ;: diffusing around them the beneficent rays of civili zation and enlightenment they became a storied record of desoLtion, and a byword of reproach among the nations. Such an illfated land ia not . unlike one of those castellated ruins that crown so :inany chosen sites in the home countries. That . 'which is at present a ruin may have been in its day . a symbol of authority and otrength, a centre of . activity and social life. But its life has departed, and now its broken arches and ivy-grown buttresses -and crumbling walla tell the tale of its departed ? glory. Such at no very distant period would be the G&d; fate of the Australian common wealth, were ? it to be torn by internecine strife, and rent by the dissensions of its citizens. And as I am speaking of the manifold blessings that accrue from harmony and peace, may I not add that -whosoever oh.erish.eo a true love for Australia should leave nothing undone to reconcile and link ? together in the closest bonds of amity the, alas, too ' 'long conflicting interests of capital and labour. It is \- little better then an Utopian dream to look forward to the time when equality in rank and in the condi : tions of life would be the common lot of mankind. The moral body shall ever stand in need of feet and arms no le30 than of heart and head. The oame gilto are not lavishly beatov/ed by Nature upon ; ; all men. Some are equipped with activity and ? strength, others are endowed with the varied gifts ? of minda and genius. So, too, the use of these ; various gifts and endowments must in a great measure dopend upon the circumstances and sur : toundings in v/hich we may be placed, and for r the most part those circumstances are beyond our own control, in the vicissitudes of country or climate, health or sickness, the vigour of manhood or the decrepitude of old age. Even in any given centre were all men at morning's dawn declared to t be equal, a manifold inequality would have begun to manifest itself before sunset. All this is a provident arrangement of the Creator, that the various classes of raon may be dependent on each other, the mutual tights of all be harmonized, individual mprit be enhanced, and the blessings of freedom be the better appreciated by all. Religion has never ceased to extol the dignity and privileges of labour, hallowed as it is by the teaching and the example of our Blessed Lord. Eut if those engaged in labour have their rights, they have their duties also, and fore most amongst those duties is to cherish reverence and respect for the interest and rights of others, to assert and defend the security of property among all classes, and to promote peace and harmony with those around them. Every day experience, no less than the common sense of mankind, proves that labour, no Tuatter how great its energy may be, stands in need of the capitalist to acheve its glorious results. The engine maybe as powerful as you please, but it stand* in need of the electric, spark or steam that it be put in motion, and should those agencies be withdrawn the engine will cease to act. But no less the capital st stands in need of labour ; without its aid his wealth will be little avail. He, too, has his duties as well as his ricrht*. And if you ask what those duties are I no ...'. o.i\ , U. i « bound to use his riches and influence with justice and benevolence, to make due prov:aion for th° ttvi :itenance, domes tic happiness, and frugal cu intuit of those whom he employs ; in a word, to respect the righte of labour, to recompense its energy, and to give security to the fruits of its 8k ill and industry. Thus it is that religion would commend a love of justice, mutual forbearance, and charity to all, and would seek to combine in harmony and peace those mutu-il rights and interests which happily united cannot fail to promote a nation's prosperity and strength, but 'which, marshalled in hostility and conflict, must in ? evitably lead even the most powerful state to the brink of the abyss. Ife is a truism that none can HHWBB^BB^MaWBBgBWWWWWWBWaWWnil&.ijiu»«JtMW gainsay that in the moral body all the members should work in harmony. Even so all classes should respect each other's rights, otherwise, sooner or later, social order will cease to impart its blessings and the State shall relapse into anarchy with its saddening pro=-ppcts of tyranny and savage life and universal ruin. And now, in conclusion, my dearly beloved roldiers, 1 trust and pray that in your affections, love of religion shall ever go hand in hand with patriotism. The discipline which you justly cherish as a distinctive feature in your career in arms will be the shield and safeguard of your love of religion, the guide and pledge of your patriot ism. Obedience, which is the fairest blossom and fruit of discipline, is an unerring test of brave men. The renowned military leader whose fame surpassed that of all his compeers in arms in the 17th century, during the terrible struggle of the 30 years' war, which reduced all the states of Germany to utter ruin, was accustomed to award special merit alike to the soldier remarkable for deeds of valour and to him who had given signal proof of obedience. And the reason is not far to seek, for it is the obedient soldiers who, by their self-denial and sac rifice, achieve the most glorious results on the battlefield. Bring that spirit of obedience and dis cipline to bear upon your daily actions. The whole life of the Christian is a spiritual warfare, and h2aven is the prize which we have to win. The self-denial that forms an essential part of the discipline will be blessed by God. May His bless iug accompany you in your daily toil, that, strengthened by the graces of heaven and enriched with the treasures of divine mercy, your heart may be comforted with the consolations nnd the peace Which the world cannot give* May it secure for you 3'our heavenly guerdon, and thus being here below partakers of the heroism of the Saints, may you be associated with them hereafter in the eternal rejoicing of their triumph. 