The Amazons. Produced Last Night. Brough and Boucicault's Success. "You have lost the whole hunting season for nothing," is the reproach which a deceased marquis threw at his devoted wife, when she bore him not the desired son, but only a girl. Therein lies the secret of Mr. Pinero's some what fanciful, but undeniably amusing comic play, which was produced at the Opera House last night by the Brough and Boucicault Company, in the presence of one of the largest audiences of the season. The Marquis of Castlejordan had wished for a son to perpetuate his name, and to reproduce his own stalwart figure. But, alas, disappoint ment fell on disappointment. Daughter suc ceeded daughter until number three was reached, when the marquis joined his ancestral ghosts in their nightly haunt of the family mansion, at Great Overcote Park. The marchioness (Miss E. Romer) resolving to do the next best thing, and thus, in part, carry out her husband's wishes, besides atoning for her "melancholy maternal muddle," had the trio of fine robust girls roared as boys. The widow of a military drill instructor, "Sergeant" Shuter (Miss Dudlay), is engaged to teach them gymnastics and boxing, and they also learn to shoot, ride, and fish. To those they add the accomplish ment of smoking, talking in men-about-town style, and generally adopting the style of the fin-de-siecle youth. The Marchioness or dained also that they should adopt male attire. Accordingly they appear about the family domain in regulation shooting coats, vests, knickerbockers, and gaiters, and spite of all those disguises, a shapely three they are. The Marchioness in furtherance of her idea insists upon all the servants speaking of her daughters as "Lord ---," instead of "Lady ---," and even her friend the rector is obliged to con ciliate her by referring to them as boys. As "boys" their muscles develop so much that they burst through the sleeves of their jackets, but \- they "visit in their skirts." It was on one of these visits that two of the young ladies re ceived proposals of marriage, much to the disgust of their Marchioness mother. Their suitors are an Anglo-Gallic count, Andre de Grival (Mr. Boucicault), and Galfred, Earl of Tweenwayes (Mr. Cecil Ward). The former is a Frenchman by birth, as he pertinaciously informs everybody, but very Eng lish by education. He has a habit of proving the profliciency of his education by persistently quoting English proverbs very badly. He generally begins all right, but ends in some very ridiculous fashion. Lord Tweenwayes is a thin- limbed, pigeon-chested, and altogether very poor specimen of the British aristocracy, but claims a long line of notable ancestors. It is with those in his mind that he insists in speaking of himself in the plural tense. He is, in fact, continually, alluding to the qualities of his race, and even the ailments are converted into virtues. "We have sciatica" "We have no eyes," and such like phrases are constantly dropping from his lip's. Lady Noeline about this time has been to London, and giving effect to a mad desire to see the West End of London as a man sees it by night, she had borrowed the evening suit of her maid's brother and had ventured forth into the "mad ding" crowd. She saw finally a man about to strike, a woman; this was more than she could submit to, and drawing back her arm she hit out, and the man went down like a log. The whole scene is described by her to her brother - sisters in the copse at Overcote. As Noeline says, "it was all very well when you have the gloves on, but you do not know what it is llke to get home on a strange man's chin with your bare fist." Imme diately after the encounter she fainted, and fell into the arms of her cousin, Viscount Litterly (Mr. Titheradge) who carried her to his rooms up a flight of twenty seven steps without discovering her sex. Immediately she recovered he gave her a new cap to replace the hat she had lost. Snatching the cap, she bolted away without even a "Thank you." Unfortunately, in the en counter she had lost the Belturbet family ring, the loss of which she was bemoaning when describing to her sisters about the "horrible mess" she had got into in London. Barrington, Viscount Litterly, seems to have followed her, and recognising in her the young lady who came from the house to which he had tracked her, he sub sequently followed her down to Overcote. Lady Noeline had never seen her cousin. The marchioness had taken care of that, for she was angry, as she informed the rector, that puny creatures like her brother-in-law (the present marquis) and his wife should possess so splendid a specimen of humanity as their son, the viscount, who at Oxford had gone through at the head of everything - that is, everything athletic. About the time that the viscount arrived in the copse, the Frenchman and Tweenwayes also ventured by devious ways to reach the same spot. Luckily for these swains the mar chioness is called away to London and takes the rector with her, and when the ladies and gentlemen meet, there is in two cases no great dismay. The lovemaking scenes between Lady "Tom" and the earl, and Lady "Bill" and the French count are respectively and in their varied ways, very amusing. Lady Tom is a boisterous and exceedingly mannish person. Lady Bill is inclined to be effeminate, and indulges in guitar music and love songs. Their contrast with their re spective lovers is a clever conception. Lady Noeline's encounter with her cousin is not un marked by asperity. She resents his following her. Very coolly he tells the story of his ad venture with "a nice young fellow," but does not disclose that he has recognised him in her, until he restores the much-mourned ring. There is but little more to tell, and, if there were, it should not be too fully disclosed in these columns. The scenes in the second act were, whilst tinged with romance, extremely amusing. To wards the close of the act the earl and the Frenchman had a severe encounter with a poacher, who was in the act of "cleaning" them both out when the viscount and the gamekeeper appeared on the scene and stopped his little game. It is how ever, decided, in view of the explanations, which would have to be given to the marchio ness of the presence of these gentlemen in the grounds at Overcote, to release the poacher, who wanders off, muttering about the, number of "years he had sung in the church choir." The younger sisters resent the appearance of the viscount, and endeavour to play a trick upon him. They inform the earl and the count, and the two enter the gymnasium, which is situated in an out -of-the-way room in the family mansion. These two descend from the skylight by a rope into the gymnasium, and tumble over the various athletic paraphernalia. Barrington also appears on the scene, and the two hide in cupboards whilst the girls go through their gymnastic exer cises under the supervision of the sergeant. They are surprised by the appearance of three lovers, and the sergeant is vastly shocked. Her scruples are, however, overcome by the cool-handed Barrington who discovers in her the daughter of his old nurse, and the playmate of his early youth. Barrington, by the way, is suffering from the effects of a poisoned plant, which has been used in error by Lady Noel when tattooing "N" on his wrist, This gives Lady Noel much concern, but he treats it lightly, and speedily a round dance is in full swing. Suddenly the marchioness and the rector appear on the scene, and a series of explanations follow. The marchioness gradually melts, and that the more easily when she realises how like to her dead Jack is her nephew. Lady Noel hastens mattters by a note of rebellion, as she declares "I am a girl, and I do not want to be anything else." The discomfited matron forthwith orders her daughters to "put on their skirts," for girls they are and boys she cannot make of them. This is resented by Lady "Tom," but to no purpose, and the quickest change on record is ac complished. "The Amazons" is a prettily conceived romance. The first and second acts are delightful comedy. There are many bright and witty moments and not a dull line in the whole piece. The third act is pure farce, and stands out strongly against the lighter comedy of the earlier acts. Of the acting scarcely anything but praise can be uttered. One of the best written portions of the dialogue is the opening scene be tween the marchioness and the rector. It is clear that the author intended the marchioness to be played by a lady of strong muscular build, but whatever she may be lacking in this respect Miss E. Romer, by her art and the experience she brings to bear, overcomes the difficulty, is always a lady, and gives excellent point to the many smart and clever things put into her mouth by the author. Mr. Brough as the clergyman is an excellent foil, and presented an excellent characterisation of the sensible English country parson. Naturally the chiefest interest is centred in the Amazons themselves. As Lady Noeline Mrs. Brough presented another of those surprises which she seems to have had in store for Brisbane playgoers during the season. She was a fine athletic creature to the life. Her description of Noel's adventures in London was particularly good, and as might be ex pected both she and Mr. Titheradge scored heavily in the various passages between them. Especially clever was the way in which she allowed the woman to peep out from her masculine mask, and her final renunciation of boyhood was capital. In the gymnasium Mrs. Brough won rounds of applause by the smart way in which she handled the Indian clubs. It was no sham or child's play, and as a mere athletic exercise was above the average. Miss Noble, as the tender-hearted and inclined to be feminine Lady "Bill," won her way into favour. She sang unpretentiously, and acted with a gracefulness which singularly well fitted the part, and proved an admir able contrast to the tomboyish slangy style of her sister "Tom," who found a very jolly representative in Miss B. Gibson. The contrasts between these three Amazons may be due in a large measure to the skill of the author who drew the characters, but very much of last night's success was due to the clever acting of the three ladies named. But the clever acting was not confined to the ladies. Probably no representation of the kind has ever been seen on the Australian stage to surpass Mr. Boucicault as the French Count. Make up, accent, and excitability of manner were all perfect. Mr. Boucicault, who made a great hit, entered very thoroughly into the whole business. His dancing in the third act was as wild as it was wonderful. Then, too, Mr. Cecil Ward's Earl Tween wayes was a remarkable assumption. No actor was more completely disguised. At no moment was Mr. Ward recognisable in the thin voice, petulant, pluralised, cowardly earl and his ailments. His exploits on the horizontal bar were extremely diverting. Mr. Titheradge brought out the strong points in the strong-handed, clear-bonded, cool- mannered viscount, who so effectually sub dues Lady Noel. Miss Dudlay looked the muscular "sergeant," and in the gymnasium scene won her share of the honours. Mr. Mclntyre gave a capital sketch of a game keeper. The scenery in the first and second acts was exceedingly pretty, the "Tangle" and the landscape beyond being admirably realised. "The Amazons," which owes much of its success to Mr. Boucicault's earnest stage management, will be repeated to-night, in the presence of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Norman and party. IN THE COPSE AT OYERCOTE. LADY NOELINE LADY THOMASINA LADY WILHELMINA (Mi;$. Bnouait). (Mies Gibson). (Miss Kodlb). MISS GRACE NOBLE As Lady Wilhewiisa. LOYE UNDER DIFFICULTIES. COUNT. DE GRIVAL LADY WTL1IELMINA (Ma. Bouoioavlt). (Mks Nojieb). MRS. BROUGII As Lady Noeline in xiie Gymnasium. 