Robber Bears at San \- Mateo. — > 4 — By Nathan D. Urner- ' -7. . - . .. In the early dayri of. the Colorado gold fever it would have been difficult to make the inhabitants of the little Mexican village of Puebla (now Puebla City) believe that Captain Vasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently ana eitectuauy assisted in his successful de fiance of efforts to -capture him, by all the earaj black, brown, cinnamon and grizzly, 1 . of the, wild, wooded region and rock- piled heights contiguous to his mountain fast- \- ness. Indeed, sharers in this seemingly ahsurd -belief were not wanting among the soldiers and scouts at the neighboring fort ; and there was, after all, some foundation in fact , fot the superstition. r The bears had been seen mingling freely with the .desperadoes in the thick of the fight, during the last stand against the troopers, and contributing immensely to the ' victory. On all-fours or erect, armed with " enormous knotted branches torn from trees, or with-only their claws pawing amid the deep snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalanches upon the headB ot the luckless assailants, their savage and . phenomenal appearance had' struck super natural terror to the would-be bandit exter minators, and caused the attack to be relin quished in panic and dismay. At. lpaat. duo Vi Tuoa 4kn of tka va . . — .w MMWt IIMO VUW WA . ports, and there was enough foundation in these to afford room for any number of exag gerations,- which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. But it was reserved for maiden purity end innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. These qualities were oombihed in the per son of l6a, or Isadora, Mahlana, an ignorant But very beautiful young blanket- weaver of Puebla, where the serapes, or Mexican blanket's, produced by ber old aunt Manuela and herself were unrivalled for their dura bility, the brilliancy of their parti-colored stripes, or their ducks' -back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of .course, Isa had admirers in plenty, for she was as amiable as she was \- charming-; but her. favored admirer was Jim Scannell, a brave young hunter-scout in the military employment. One bright winter morning, as Isa was on her way over the mountain trail on her fleet snow-shoes, and. warmly muffled against the driving winds, she encountered her lover, -making bis way to the fort, and carrying On his broad shouldero the carcase of a fat, black-tailed doe, which he-bad. that morning Bhot at the salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. . "Which way, Isa?" he asked, "his eyes dancing at the s'ght of her as he threw down his burden for a love-cbat that was always in order with him. " Not over Long Trail, surely?" ' Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voice — she mostly Spanishised his given name-thus — " to my. uncle's at San Felipe. We are out of red and grey wools, and they must be had or our loom will be idle." ' To San Felipe I" cried -the scout. "You . must not go," Isa— at least, not until I can go with you." "I have no choice, Santigo." And a melting look in her deep eyes told how gladly she would have had his escort. "But it is madness. The trail skirts the worst fastness of Yasco and bis band', and there's a chance of a fight to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybreak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to back them. Besides, you might meet some of Vasco's bears." And he ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough in his protest. Isa gave a little shudder, but she was not wholly fearful. "I must go, Santiago, Yasco or no Vasco," said she, smiling. "And as for the bears, . you forget that Captain Jose, was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scannell's face grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa's. " poor father " had been a robber-captain, into whose shoes Jose Yasco had stepped at the time of the . former's violent death. Neither did he for- . get— still more maddening reflection ! — that it had been c-ut and dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant that Isadora was one day to be the latter's wife. - " Don't cross the Long Trail to-day," he persisted. " There is always danger.when Vasco is abroad. I am on duty at the fort to-day, and to-morrow we make an attack on the outlaws. But after that I can ac company you to San Felipe." "I am not afraid. Besides, I have no choice. We have seven blankets promised, our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet- wools, and an old Manuela would be frantic were I to return without them. Good-bye, Santiago i" She turned up the mountain, and be saw he was not to be dissuaded. v - " What is the matter, dearest ? Is that the way we separate ?' As she paused in pretended surprise, he . sprang after her for the good-bye kiss. N Hardly had she struggled, "laughing and \- blushing, out of his arms, before a dark face ..V . —a handsome face, too, but just then dis-- . - torted with jealous hatred— peered out from, an overhanging rock, and was gone in a flash. And then the young girl was springing sway up the trail; kissing her hand merrilv' to her lover until he disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine : miles ever the mountains, and much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the snow was well crusted. : the deeper drifts could be avoided, 'and Isa! <. - who was well used to snow-shoe travelling Bitted, glided, or bounded swiftly along the C route, with which she had been more or less . familiar from her childhood, and with only "in- occasional timid glance about her, as Bhe was passing under Los Pinos de Diablo the Devil's Pines, a partly-forested, snow-choked iteep, out of which the bears were said to r ssue at critical moments in response to the robber-captain's summons. She reached hoi- destination without mis- lap, obtained her wools from the industrious : — Indians there, and, after enjoying a little innch, Was on her homeward road, with re freshed strength and a hopeful heart. - '"But she had hardly repassed under the frowning brow of the Devil's Pines, when there was a low call, in imitation of a coyote's yelp, from the thicket to her left. :-v She stopped in terror as a powerfully- built, picturesque ruffian made his appear- snce, with a warning gesture, and Jose Yasco, the dreaded robber-captain, was in her path. "Daughter of my old comrade and cap- . tain," said he, with a Bmile, 'tis not long lince we have met, but you have grown lovelier and lovelier. You are sweeter than marriage-bells unto a hope too long deferred, my flower !" Isadora strove to appear indifferent, \- - Ihough too much terrified to speak. . The la9t time she had met this man wag aeariy three years before, at her father's leath-bed. Solemn words had then been said by hei father, pledging her as this man's future \- bride. She even remembered him to have compelled her to clasp hands with Jose " across his body, while he muttered a sealing v :- benediction with Mb dying lips. But that was all. It was more like thi recollection of a hideous dream than aught C-7 alee. She had hoped that JoBehad either for gotten all ahout the miserable troth plight \- or would never care to demand its fulfil "ment. Indeed, she never thought of him a \- all-bat with a feeling of horror : and. now— -ah, wall might she turn pale and catch hei breath at the unmistakable meaning of thosi 'greeting words ; at the fervent gaie of thoss " " "gloomy and remorseless eyes 1 . -- 'Anger ed at her scarcely-concealed rupul- h ' lion, .no lew thaq inflamed bj her beauty" which was perhaps enhanced by her trepida ; tion — he lost no time in letting her know that A, had forgotten nothing, but regarded her ad irrevocably, bound to him. - " Why do you not speak too me, little one ?" he at last exclaimed. " Shall you not be'ready when I send to old Manuela for your hand, as I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troublesome blue-coats at the fort their final quietus t Or do you con- ' template treachery — disobedience to those death'-bed vows ?" And hie brow darkened, While his teeth glistened like a" wolf's between his bearded- lips.- - Isa conld still only clasp her hands and tremble. " Is it that I have a rival, girl f Speak, I say'!" " No, no, no 1 Ah, of what are you think ing, Jose ?" - And she stammered forth other evasions, more or less incoherent. , He interrupted her with , a diabolical j laugh.' j \- "What a poor little deceiver you are I j You should take pattern from your elders, -j or stick to the truth. Scannell, the" Ameri- can, is your lover. I witnessed your adieus — you were in his arms at the foot of the trail." . In the midst of her' confusion there was a look of astonishment that , he well under- j stood. j "And yet he died not in his tracks, with j a bullet in bis heart," be went on. ' Well, your surprise is natural, my dear ; for. my carbine covered bim, my finger was on the trigger, but I spared him. Would you know ; the reason i spared him, little one ?" j She bowed her nale face. " Perhaps he has forgotten me ; but he saved my life once at the risk of his own. It was in a wild brawl at El Paso. He was both generous and brave. Jose Yasco never forgets." She breathed more freely, but hfa next "words chilled her afresh, i " But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambu&h; ; but when the time comes he must give you. up or die. Those soldiers are fools. Iam impregnable here.?' He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. " Our fastnr-ss is inaccessible, and even tbe fierce bears, the savage beasts of the wilds, are our' auxi- j liaries." . j j This was said so simply that Isadora's last i : doubts as to tbe bear stories in current be- J ! lief were dissipated, and' she viewed him , ; with superstitious fear. J j Suddenly a bugle sounded from some- | i where far up the heights, and he started.;. | "Hal it is the warning blast I" he ex- | j claimed. " Can a fresh attack -bri medi- j | tated ?" He tightened his. belt, which j ; literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted I the carbine that was slung behind his ' shoulder. " Come, I shall claim you in. good season ; but a'kiss before we. part." j A kiss 1 and for him 1 She shrank back, appalled. He clutched her wrist, the evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. j But at that instant there sounded a rattl- | ing volley from both above and below the | height, and she was saved the threatened kiss. " Good-bye ( I shall claim you in good time." He waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a moun tain goat, and disappeared among the trees. Then Isadora, shrinking a little further from the open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, swarmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either win?. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firing from the timber. line, even Hurrying down fearlessly to meet tne charge. And the spell-bound girl could mark their leader in tbe van, no less bravely conspicuous than was the young West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. . A thrill of gladness filled the girl's veins as she Baw the robbers beaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their re treat, while the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly but surely followed them UP - . . But at this juncture the young girl wit nessed a sight almost incredible, notwith standing that her superstition might have in some measure prepared her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken by troops of savage bears, which issued from the pines with ferpcious snarls and cries, and at once set up such a novel "form of resist ance ard counter-attack as filled the storm ing party with terror and dismay. \- Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing amid the white drifts on all- fours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty claws, they began to loosen tbe clinging snow- heaps and hurl them thundering down upon tbe assailants' heads with a force and pre cision truly terrific ; and tbiB was but a mask for the bullets of their human allies, which at the same time began to rain again, with more or lessidisastrous effect, from the coyer of the copses -in their rear. The soldiers bad come to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by the grotesqueness of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment tie entire volunteer contingent, which constituted more than four -fifths of the attacking force, broke and fled down the mountain in an agony of panic, throwing away their guns, and giving utter- ance to rrigntenea screams ana yells. The cowardly example was too much for the discipline of the regulars— a mere hand ful, at the mnrV. The panic became a contagion, and, though retiring with some show of order, they also gave up the fight, the rout becom ing general. Isadora, who had witnessed everything from her little nook of concealment, buried her face in her hands. But when she looked again it was to' wit- nesB another spectacle, which served to alter the entire tenor of her mortification and fears. One of the bears, having missed its footing on the icy steep, came tumbling, plunging, and rolling head over heels past her retreat, . betraying, much of tbe secret of bis soldierly intelligence in his unstudied sprawls, and at the same time uttering tbe.strangesb expres-. sions of rage and disgust that had ever yet proceeded from a real bear. It was a revelation ; and, with hpr super stitious terrors no longer an incentive, the young girl darted out upon the trail and fled away with all the swiftness. that her supple nimbleness could evoke from her Bnow- Bhoe expertness. Out of breath, but still joyous over "her treasured discovery, she arrived at o?d Manuela'a adobe but before sundown, and then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. it TTTl _ — .-11 /III _ 1 _ -l YY Hero IB OaUUagO IJtalilJcU 1 Bu6 Q6 manded of one of the sentries. "I have a secret for him. I -must see him right away." - All the garrison were in a surly mood, foi the defeat of the reconnoitring party had just been made known. But the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware .of the scout's love-affair, laughed as he informed her that Jim was off- on a hunting, expedi tion, and would hardly return before day break. when he waB to guide a general at tack upon the robbers, then to be made ii considerable force. ' Ah, I shall have to wait," said Isa, dis appointedly ; but do tell him for me not fc go away again wtfehoufc.seeing me.1 " It' ain't likely that he would in case, Isa," replied the sentry, withjmothe good-natured laugh; for the beautifu blanket-maker was a' favorite everywhere and there wasn't a member of the garrisoi ' that didn't wish Scout Jim joy of hiB wooing " But I shall see your message delivered all the same." I Bright and early, indeed, before sun-up, the next morning, Jim wad at the old , Maauela's cottage, and it .took bgt a 1 moment for the girl re place him in posses sion of her discovery.- The scout's blue eyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching Tsa in his arids, be shouted, a wild hurrah, while raining his kisses upon her blushing face. " Yon don't say so !" he exclaimed. " What ! the great bear trick nothing more than a dodge— a. masquerade of -robbers in bear skins ?" - She nodded. - " Hurrah ! the superstition is nipped in the bud 1 Even the greasers won't run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, and the giving away or this secret on my part will gain me promotion as chief Bcout of the department, with double, my present pay I" - Oh, Santiago, I am so glad'!" And Isa clasped her bands, tbe happy tears "glistening in her dark eyes. ' . \ " Listen, dear. You know that- snug little ranch of mine on the San Juan?" Another nod. - , " Would you like to be-there— as my wife, of course?" - ' "Oh, -Santiago 1"- V- , And the happy tears made way for happy blushes now. "Good ! Have the old woman make you ready forthwith, for we shall be married next Sunday. That is_,the day after to morrow, which' will be two days after- to day's scrimmage,- which. is destined to wipe out Vasco and his entire band, big and little bears included-1" " Oh, Santiago I. You forget I" and the brightness began to fade out of the sweet face. " My fathex himBelf was a robber- captain ; and" " No matter I" cried Scannell, once more ' catcuing ner to tug nreast. '? is it your ; father's ghost or your precious, darlingself ' that I would take to my home and heart ? : Good-bye, and God keep you till my re turn 1 But a last kiss first 1" and be was gone. That was a fluttering, day for the pretty little blanket- weaver, such as she bad not ; known, or perhaps dreamed of, .in the whole course, of her existence. A day of days, a ; day of love, suspense and hope, Buch as, ' once at least in a lifetime, is. the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden heart, be it ; high or' low-, opulent or poor, refined or j coarse, tutored or ignorant--a priceless j day, henceforward to be treasured in unfail- , ; ing memor.. | But it passed, as other days must pass, as dreams must pass ; and soon after the first I news came in that the roobers had been completely whipped out of their boasted fastness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Yasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, Isa was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. "Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for us this time 1" lie exclaimed, when recount ing the events of the fight. " The secret of the bear-skins was -not generally made known amongst us until just before the i storming of the steep, -and its effect upontbe ! men was magical. Why, even the greasers, j as if shamefaced and maddened at the recol- , lection of their superstitious fears, charged up" among the rocks with the best of us, and when the rascals ran out their bears it.wss for the last. time, I can tell you. \Ve rushes! rig5 - among them before they could set their avalanches moving, ehooting'em down right end -left, and as the bear-skins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt — were, in fact, more of an incumbrance -to their wearers than anything elee — they were taken .completely by surprise, and made scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter I those bear-BkinB must have been saved up from the hunts of half a dozen generations, and I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left but what is too riddled for future service of any sort. Then, having digptaed. of the bears, we rushed through the pines, driving out the rest of the robbers, who didn't stop running till the last ridge of San Mateo range - was rftar.hed. where thev made their last atand. , — — j the bigger part .of 'em .dying in their tracks." . " And Jose — Yaseo himself 1 He also was slain, they say." ' " Ye9 ; he fought like .the game bravo ke was. But, before he died, I recognised him as a chap whose life l eaved in El Paso some some years ago, an'd who sort of chummed with me for a short time afterwards. . Per haps he recognised me, too. Anyway, as he sank back he fixed his eyes upon me, gasping out in Spanish, 'It's, as well, as it is, old comrade,- since the same trail could no longer have carried the pair "of us!' and then he was gone. -Of course, I couldn't imagine what he meant, bu. It matter?' little one way or the other," Isadora, who understood better than he, and who had told nothing of her encounter " with- Yasco on. the preceding day, merel.v buried her face on her lover's shoulder shudderingly thankful that the. fierct eyes ! of the bandit chief could cami no more between her and her' heart's love. ' "Ah, thank Heaven you are safe returned!" was ail Bhe could murmur; "and tbailk Heaven that you love me 1" They were married on the following Sun day, as the scout had declared they should be, and soon after went to live on Scan nell's "snug ranch, where it may be . that they are living in happiness at the present day. 