SIR JASPAR'S WARD, OR THE WRAITH OF TREVOR PARK. BY MRS. JULIA S. HARRIS. CHAPTER I. "Thank goodness," I exclaimed aloud, as I threw myself back in my chair with a sigh of content; " after all I be- lieve I shall pass." It was with no small pride I again ran over some mathematical problems which had at first appeared beyond my powers. I was at the time a freshman at Cambridge and was trying to obtain the mathematic scholarship, which with its emolument would be most welcome to me, as it would relieve my widowed mother of any further expense for my education. The exam, would come off in three days and I was becoming nervously anxious as to the result and was in dread of a breakdown, for not being naturally of a robust physique the strain on my mental powers began to tell on me. I rose from my chair and stretched my cramped limbs by walking up and down my little room. Not far to walk —" Three steps and overboard," as my light-hearted friend Vernon called it. A few minutes after I commenced my exercise a tattoo was played on the outer door. " Come in," I called out. Almost before the words were out of my mouth the door opened and a fair curly head with two laughing blue eyes peeped in. " Finished climbing Parnassus ? I heard thy steps, so in spite of thy sport- ing the oak I ventured in," he exclaimed in mock heroics. It was my neighbor, Vernon Blake. " Well, I think I shall take a spell. I have solved the most knotty of my problems," I answered laughing. " Right you are. It would be a diffi- cult one that could corner you. I wish I had your energy," he said regretfully. " Stuff," I exclaimed. "I own I'm lazy," he said modestly, but what would be the use of my ad- dling my brains ? I've none to spare," and he ran his fingers through his curly locks with a comically doleful look. I laughed outright, which was just what Vernon wished me to do, for ac- cording to his theory I was over-exert- ing my mental powers and would break down before the finish. "Now, I tell you what, old chap, we'll call the gyp and have a good stiff glass of toddy and something hot for supper;" and suiting his actions to his words he quickly gave the order. While waiting for supper Vernon threw himself into a chair and disposed of his long legs by placing them on another, and I followed his example, but before either of us could make any new or original observation our gyp ad- mitted a visitor in the person of Dr. Tremaine. Dr. Tremaine was an old and inti- mate friend of my father and had since his death stood in relation to myself as guardian. He was well acquainted with Vernon, as he had often met him at my rooms, so shook hands with him as he took his proffered chair. "And how are the problems pro- gressing?" he enquired as he drew up to the fire. For answer I handed him those I had just worked out. He quickly ran his eye over them, for he was a skilled mathematician, and he signified his ap- proval by remarking tersely " Good." "He will break down, doctor, if you don't interfere," Vernon broke in im- petuously, " no fellow can stand twelve hours a day at that without his nerves giving way." The doctor looked at me keenly. " Get your thoughts away from the problems, Frank, for a time .You will work all the better for it afterwards." "That's just what I tell him," Ver- non said in a sage elder brother tone. " Do as I do, Frank." "And that's nothing," I exclaimed laughing. "You are a pair of geese," said the doctor good humoredly. "I think I ought to know something about it," replied Vernon, "seeing that my room is underneath, and for the last three nights I've heard him moving about till the small hours. If he keeps that up he will suffer from hallucina- tions and be seeing wraiths or ghosts." " Wraiths !" the doctor exclaimed in a startled tone. "You don't believe in wraiths, doctor, do you?" I asked jokingly. Dr, Tremaine silently mixed himself a glass of toddy before he answered shortly, "Optical delusions generally, Frank." I looked sharply at the doctor as he spoke. Was it the reflection from the fire or the shade from the lamp or mere fancy engendered by my overwrought brain? I was unable to determine. To me the doctor's face wore a most pe- culiar expression. He was gazing straight into the fire, but his thoughts were evidently far away and his natur- ally large eyes were dilated with a look of fear. I glanced at Vernon, but he, usually so light- hearted and cheerful, looked grave and startled; so he also had noticed the doctor's emotion. "What is the matter, doctor; are you ill ?" Vernon enquired. " Just a little unnerved," the doctor answered in a husky voice. " Your re- marks and questions remind me of a very unpleasant and startling experi- ence which occurred to me many years ago, and which altered the whole course of my life in fact. I both saw and heard the wraiths of two men, one of whom was closely related to me." " I am sorry, doctor, to have dis- turbed you, but I never dreamed, that is, I never thought sensible people be- lieved in wraiths," Vernon stammered. The doctor smiled grimly. "Well, my boy, I never doubted but that I had a very fair share of sense, or what the Scotch people call nouse. In- deed, when I was young I thought I had rather more nouse than my neigh- bors, but my experience has compelled believe in wraiths," " Won't you tell us about it ?" I asked, as the doctor relapsed into si- lence. " Ah, so you would like to hear about it, Frank. Well, your father knew the story many years ago, so there can be no harm in his son hearing it as well. In listening to it, you will per- haps forget your problems for a time," and after taking another sip of toddy the doctor proceeded— You are aware that I was brought up in your grandfather's family from my earliest infancy. Your father was three years my senior, and it was not till I had reached my seventh year that I became aware he was not really my brother. On the morning of my seventh birthday I was called into my grand- father's study to learn—not the secret of my parentage, for that I did not dis- cover for many years afterwards, but that I was not your grandfather's son, but a child entrusted to his care, and that a tall, dark, foreign-looking gentle- man who was in the room, and who spoke kindly to me, was my sole guar- dian. His name was Sir Jaspar Trevor. Sir Jaspar took me on his knee, and after scanning my features keenly, gave a deep sigh as he turned to your grand- father. "He is like his mother is he not, Mr Angus? " he remarked. "I think so," Mr. Angus replied; " he has his mother's eyes certainly." Child as I was, it struck me as strange that Mr. Angus should speak so decisively. By his tone I knew that he must be well acquainted with my parents. I looked up in surprise and met the dark sad eyes of my guardian, who still held me. You and I must become better ac- quainted some day, Alex. When you are older you must come and stay with me." An intense longing to see my own mother, whom the two men considered I resembled, seized me. " Then you will take me to mamma, won't you ? I want to see mamma," I asked anxiously, for the knowledge that Mrs. Angus was not my mother gave me, sensitive child as I was, a feeling of intense loneliness. " Poor child !" Mr. Angus exclaimed. involuntarily. " Listen to me, Alex," Sir Jaspar answered with suppressed emotion. "Your mother is dead. She died long ago, and Mrs. Angus has taken charge of you ever since." 'He stopped ab- ruptly, as if he suddenly remembered that I must not hear what he had been about to tell me. "Some day," he con- tinued, " when you are older and better able to understand, you shall hear all about it." I felt that I had in some way hurt my kind friend's feelings, and in the only way a child of seven could I tried to make amends by kissing the hand I held in mine. A burning tear fell on my face, and Mr. Angus interposed. " Run and play with Frank, Alex," he said, and in obedience I reluctantly left the room. That was the first time that I re- member seeing Sir Jaspar, but after that I saw him often. He usually came to England in June, but invari- ably returned to the Continent in Oc- tober, his health being too delicate to permit him to winter in England. As soon as I was old enough I went to Rugby with your father, for whose ed- ucation Sir Jaspar also found the funds, for he was a wealthy man, and the two boys of the Scotch manse appeared to be the only beings in whom he took any interest. In a few years it became necessary for me to choose a profession, and I chose the medical—a choice I have never regretted. When I obtained my degree at Edinburgh I was no time in acquainting Sir Jaspar with the fact, when he intimated in reply that he would like me to settle in the county of Cumberland, in which his estate was situated, if I could meet with a prac- tice to suit me. Strangely enough a practice at Rock- cliffe was advertised about this time, so I made no delay in running down to make the necessary enquiries. Rock- cliffe was about ten miles from Trevor Park, Sir Jaspar's country seat; so finding myself near my guardian's I decided to ride over and consult him about several matters, and also if possible obtain some information of my birth and parentage, about which, now that I was of age, I thought there would be no further need or excuse for secrecy. I reflected during my ride, as I had often done before, on the strange fact that Sir Jasper had never invited me to visit him at his home during any of my holidays, so that when I approached the house it was with some misgivings and doubts as to my welcome that I dismounted and rang the bell. An elderly man answered my summons, and I enquired for Sir Jaspar. " Yes, sir. Sir Jaspar is at home, What name, sir ?" " Dr. Tremaine," I answered. The man turned deadly pale as I uttered my name, and stammered, " Dr. Tremaine ? Yes, sir ; this way, sir." He led the way to a small cosy room to the right of the hall and announced " Dr Tremaine" with what I thought a pecular emphasis. Sir Jaspar started as he heard my name, but in a moment he rose and wel- comed me warmly. "Welcome, Alex, welcome, my boy; I am glad to see you." He spoke with some emotion and I noticed man and master exchange glances. What did they fear, for themselves or for me, that so small a matter as my call at the Park so agitated Sir Jaspar and his old servant ? Had this fear restrained Sir Jaspar, so kindly dis- posed as he was, from inviting me to visit him before ? However, there was no doubt of my welcome now, so with the buoyancy of youth I quickly re- covered my spirits, which had been somewhat damped by the mystery, and I was soon engaged in discussing with Sir Jaspar the practice at Rockcliffe. Sir Jaspar was anxious, even eager, for me to complete the purchase, At luncheon the same elderly man who had admitted me waited on us and I was struck by his peculiar nervous manner. When speaking to me on more than one occassion he addressed me as Dr. Trevor and then hastily apologised. On his leaving the room Sir Jaspar told me that Jeffries was an old and valued servant and on one occasion had saved his life. "I always," he re- marked, " have Jeffries with me at home or abroad; no other servant has waited on me for twenty-three years— twenty-three years," he repeated with a sigh. Jeffries returned later and enquired if he should order a room to be made ready for Dr. Trevor. " Dr. Tremaine," Sir Jaspar cor- rected. I yielded to Sir Jaspar's wishes and stayed at Trevor Park that night. After I had retired to my room I found that I had forgotten some papers that I had been showing Sir Jaspar and returned to the sitting-room for them. I was about to draw aside the heavy curtain which hung across the door when I heard Jeffries mention my name. " How could I help it, sir, when I saw him standing there looking at me with poor Miss Gladys' eyes. I know his rights—and when he said to me 'Dr. Tremaine a feather would have knocked me down." An indistinct murmur from Sir Jaspar. "Yes, sir," Jeffries replied, " my heart aches for you both—who might have been so happy, and all the fault of that wicked lady, your mother." "I will tell him all soon, Jeffries. I ought to have done so before, but you know that I never mention Lady Trevor and how painful to me any re- ference to my dear wife's sufferings is. When she was dying she begged me never to let Madden see him or know where he was till he was grown up lest he should claim him as his son, as he threatened, and bring him under his brutal influence. You remember how persistent he was for several years in his efforts to discover him." "I know it, Sir Jaspar; I know it, and to see him again brings it all back, sir," and the man's voice trembled with emotion, " to see him laughing in your face with his mother's eyes makes me wish he could live here always sir." "I hope he will soon, Jeffries." " Madden has not been seen for several years, sir; the people say he must be dead." " I think he must be," Sir Jaspar replied slowly; "but if not he can have no control over him now that he is of age. I had heard the report and concluded it would be safe for him to live near here. That is why I wished him to purchase the practice at Rock- cliffe." I drew quickly back and returned to my room. When I attained my ma- jority I became very anxious to have the mystery of my birth and parentage solved and asked Mr. Angus to en- lighten me. In reply he told me that my mother, who was dead, had been a near relation of Sir Jaspar's and that she had made an unfortunate marriage. Seating myself in an easy chair by the fire I pondered over and over again the strange conversation I had over- heard. Who was I that my unexpected appearance at Trevor Park had excited Sir Jaspar and his old servant, and who was this Joe Madden that my mother and afterwards Sir Jaspar and his ser- vant had so feared would claim me as his son? Whatever the mystery of my parentage, it was evidently known to both Sir Jaspar and his servant, and that both regarded me with affection was also apparent. I was far from satisfied with this very meagre information, but could persuade Mr. Angus to tell me nothing further; indeed, so far from satisfying my curiosity he but roused and excited it the more by remarking when ending the conversation that the subject was a very painful one to Sir Jaspar; so hearing my name mentioned as I ap- proached the door I listened for a moment almost involuntarily to a con- versation concerning myself. (To be continued.) 