NOTES A.\D COMMENTS. By "Scrutator." The attempt to form an opposit on out of the company of respectable cou- .-ervatives who with one or two exceptions form the party who sit op posite the Government, are ludicrous. First a set is made to seize the biggest and dullest conservative in the pers n of Mr. Loton, the member for the Swan; then on a repole fr.»m some unknown cause, an attack is made upon the next biggest non-progression ist in the House, Mr. Randel1, who succumbs and is now supposed to lead the party which, if anything should happen the Minis1 ry, would go over bodily to the side now occupied by the Government and its supporters. What a progressive time we should have in this colony with the following aent emen for a new Government: Premier, Mr. Randell, Attorney-Gen eral, Mi. Leake, Colonial Secretary, and Minister for Education, (in the Upper House), Mr. Hackett, Min ister for Railways and Works, Mr. Loton, Minister for Lands, Mr. R. Sholl, Minister for Mines and Agricul ture, Mr. Lefroy. Wou'd such a change benefit Western Australia prac ically, and in the eyes of pro gressive strangers anticipating a simi lar state of advancement to that which they left behind them in the other col nies ! I trow not and fervently pray that the day of the Forrest Government may be long in the land while we have such poor material on the opposition side of the House to take their place. # The truth is the time has not ar rived for an Opi osition nor will it for another three years, aud the change will then be all the better for its bein so prolong! d. The majority or nearly all of the present Parliament are ' purely aldermanic in intellect and conception — in fact we have a Parlia ment of roads and bridges and railway men who know nothing and care less about politics and statecraft, and who are only anxious to see their particular distincts go ah ad like a house on fire The only man who could have made an acceptable politilcal leader gave up the ghost long ago dis.usted with the ban en material behind him and gath ered up what courage was left him aud sought the fresh fields and pastures of " the other place." It is now frightful y monotonous to listen to the dry-us-dust debates in the Lower House ard the older the member the dryer and dustier is the prosaic rubbish talked. Far more instruction could be got out of an int lligent debating s.ciety c'ass of young men, for it would s em from the tenor of the debates in Parliament, especially in the new Lower House that polit:cs pure and simple have no place in the arena and lew members have sufficient couraue and fewer still sufficient ability uo raise wie tone or tne nouse irom its dead level. # Ti.e men now in Parliament to whom one can listen patiently may be counted on the fingers of one hand, and there is certainly a large field in this colony i for investment by experienced political capitalists from elsewhere who would take the place by storm. The majority of the members who spoke on the Ad dress in Reply hardly knew how to com un-nce and barely how to end their lugubrious " remarks " or dull plati tudes, and not one suggested a single ; new idea worthy of being put into an j opposing policy. The Government- have indeed a " soft thing " on for many a day to come, although some of the schemes outlined in the Governor's Speech, such as the Land Bank, and the new railway projects for down i South, may probably meet with defeat. As far as I can see Sir John has no show of pushing the Land Bank i cheme even through t e Assembly, much 1 ss through the Upper House Considering that, as a whole, ihe al leged people's chamber is just as con - s rvative as the Council this is not to be wondered at. The wonder would be lor any piece of democratic legisla tion to pass such a House aB the present Assembly, which is mostly representative or squatocratic and i bureaucratic interests. Ti>is Parlia- I ment is just about as Liberal as could be expect d under our present condi tions and the only hope is ihat in an- ot ( r ti ree yea's or so the preponder ating vote will be a democratic one in the majority of th< constituencies which latter may also be increased in number in ac ordance with the im mense i flux likely to take place meanwhile. Infants have to learn to walk before c mmencing to run, and the simile fits in with our infant strug gles on the untried path of Responsi ble Government with only one party in the political field. 