TALES AND SKETCHES. [ALI. BlüBTS BESERVED.] "THE DAY WILL COME." Bv M. E. BRADDON. Author of " Lady Audley's Secret," " Vixen,' ; "Ishmael," "Like and Unlike," "Thc Fatal Three," &c; CIIAPTEH XV. (Continued.) I Even that sitting-room of hie, which he had taken tome pains to make comfortable and homelike, had a gloomy look after that bright room in Lambeth, with its terra-cbtta walls and cream-coloured curtains, it« gaily bound books and vivid Vail auria vases perched in every available corner. He was more Interested in that quaint interior, and in the woman who had created it, than fae Iud been in anyone except that one woman who filled the chief place in all hie thought«. The Vicar of Kèttieford had not over-estimated Sarah Newton's power of fascination. He was in VVedgewood-strcet at a few minutes before eight on the following evening. The sky above Lambeth was no longer ob- scured ; there were wintry stars shining over that forest of chimney puts and everlasting monotony of slated roofs ; and even Lattimer road looked lively with its coster's barrows and bustle of eventide marketing. Theodore found the door open, as it had been yesterday, and he found an extra lamp upon the first floor landing, and the door of Miss Newton's room ajar, while from within came the sound of many voices, moderated to a subdued tone, but still lively. His modest knock was answered by Miss Newton herself, who was standing close to the door, ready to greet every fresh arrival. *' How do you do? Weare nearly all here," she said cheerily. "I hope you have not just been dining, for with us tea means a hearty meal, ana if you cant eat anything we shall feel as if yon were Banquo's ghost. How do you do, Mrs. Kinby," to another arrival. "Baby better, 1 hope? Yea, that's right. How are you, Clara? and you, Rose. You've bad that wretched tooth out-I can sec it in your face. Such a relief, isn'titT So glad to see you, Mrs, Dale, and you, Maria, and you Jenny. Why, wc are all here, Ido believe." "Yes, MÍBS Newton," said a bright-looking girl by the fireplace, who had been making toast indefatigably for twenty minutes, and whose complexion had suffered accordingly. " There are two-and-twenty of us, three-and twenty, counting thc gentleman and you. I think that's as many as you expected. " Yes, everybody's here. So we may as well begin tea." In most assemblies where the intention was to benefit a humble class of guests, the pro- ceedings would have begun with a hymn ; but at Miss Newton's parties there were neither hymns nor prayers-and yet Miss Newton loved her hymn-book, and delighted in the pathos and the sweetness of the music with which those noble wordB are interwoven ; nor would she yield to anybody in her belief in the efficacy of prayer ; but she had made up her mind from thc beginning that her tea parties were to be pure and simple recreation, and that any good wbioh should come out of them waa tocóme incidentally. The women; and girls who caine at her bidding were to. feel they came to be entertained, came as ber guests, jost as, had they been duchesses, they might have gone to visit other duchesseu in Park Lane or Carlton Gardens. They were not asked in order that they should be taught, or preached to, or wheedled into the praying of prayers or the singing -of hymns. They went as equals to visit a iriend who relished their society. And did not everybody relish the tea, which, might be described as a Yorkshire tea of a humble order ; not the Yorkshire tea which . may mean mayonnaise and perigord pie,; chicken and champagne-but tea as under- stood in the potteries of Hull, or the humbler alleys and street« of Leeds or Bradford. Three moderate-sized tables had been put together to make one capacious board, spread with snowy damask, npon which appeared two large plum loaves, two tall towers of bread and butter, a glass bowl of marmalade, a bowl of jam, two dishes of thinly-sliced German sausage set off with sprigs of parsley -German sausage bought at the most respect- able ham and beef shop in the Borough, and as trustworthy as German sausage can be ; and for crowning glory of the feast a plenti- ful supply of shrimps, freshly boiled, savour- ing of the unseen eeo. The hot buttered toast was frizzling on a brass footman in front of the tire, ready to be handed round piping hot, as required. There were two tea-trays, one at each end of tbs table, and there were two bright copper kettles, which had never been defiled by the smoke of the fire, filled with admirable tea. Miss Newton took her place at the head of the table, with Theodore on her right hand, and a pale and fragile looking young woman on ber left. These two assisted the hostess in the administration of the tea tray, handing cups and saucers, sugar basin and cream jug ; and in so doing they liad frequent occasion to look at each other. Having gone there prepared to be interested, Theodore soon begun to interest himself in this younp woman, whom Miss Newton addressed as Marian. She was by no means beautiful now but, Theodore fancied that she had once beeu very handsome, and he occupied himself in reconstructing the beauly of the post from the wreck of the present. The lines of the face were classic in their regularity, but thc hollow cheeks and pallid complexion told of care and toil, and the face was aged untimely by a hard and joyless life. Thc eyes were darkest grey, large and Eathetic-lookiug, the eyes of a woman who ad suffered much and thought much. The beauty of those eyes gave a mournful charm to the paie piached face, and the light auburn bair was still luxuriant. Theodore noted the delicate hands and taper ringers, which differed curiously from the other hands which were busy around the hospital board. He could eeo that this young woman was a favourite with Sarah Newton, and he told himself that she «vas of a raoe apart from the rest ; but he waa agreeably surprised in find- ing that except for the prevailing Cockney accont, onda few slight lapses in grammar and pronunciation, Miss Newton's guests were quite as refined as those ladies ot Dorchester with whom it had been his privilege to associate ; indeed, he was not sure that he did not prefer the Cockney twang and the faulty grammar to the second-hand smartness and slang of the young ladies whose "awfully jolly," "Aint it," and "Don't you know," had so often irritated his ear un tennis lawn or at afternoon tea party. Here at least there was the unstudied speech of people who knew not thc caprices of fashion or the latest catch- word that bad descended from Belgravia to Brompton, und from Brompton to the provinces. There was a great deal of talk, as Miss Newton had told him there would be ; and as she encouraged all her guests to talk about themselves, lie gathered a good deal of inter- esting information about the state of the different trades and tho ways and manners of various employers, most of whom seemed to bc of a despotic and grasping temper. The widows talked of their children's ailments or their progress st thc Board School ; the girls talked a little, and <vitb ell modesty, of their sweethearts. Sarah Newton was interested in every detail of those humble lives, and seemed to remember every fact bearing upon thc joys or the sorrows of her guests. It was a wonder to Theodore, to see how the care- worn faces lighted up round the cheerful table in the bright lamp-light. Yes, it was surely to do much to live among these daughters of toil, and lo lighten their burdens by this quick sympathy, this cheerful hospitality. Vast Pleasure Halls and People's Palaces may do much for the million ; but here was one little spinster with her small income making an atmosphere of friendliness end comfort for tlie few, and able to get a great deal nearer to them titan PMIantrophy on a^igantic scale can ever got thc immy. . Theodore noticed that' while most other tongues babbled freely the girl called Marian sat suent, after bor task of distributing; the tea was tiver, with hands foUefl tn her lap, listening to the voices round her, and with a soft slow emile lighting har face now «deben. In repose bar countenance was deeply «ad, and he found himself speculating upon the history that had left those ineUnoholy Unes apon a face that was still yoong. " I am much interested in your nert neigh- bour," he said to Miss Newton nrsseotly, while Marian was helping another girl be clear the table. " I feel «nie there mast be something very sad in her experience of life, and that she bas sunk from a nigher level." " So do L" answered Miss Newton, "bot I know very little more about her than you do, except that she is a most exquisite worker with those taper fingers of hers, and that she has worked for the same baby-linen bouse fer the last three years, and lived in the same second-floor back in Hercules' Buildings. I think she is as fond of mc aa ehe eon be, yet she has ucver told me where she was bom, or who her people were, or what her life as been like. Once abe went so far ss to tell me that it had been a very common-place life, and that her trouble* had been in nowise extract dinary -except the fact of her having bad a very eevere attack of typhus fever, which left her a wreck. Once from some chance allusion I learn that it was in Italy she caught the fever, and that it was badly treated by a foreign doctor; but that one fact is all she ever let j slip unawares in her talk, so carefully does 1 she avoid every allusion to the past. I need hardly tell you that I have never questioned her. I have reason to know that her life for the last three years has been spotless, an in- dustrious, temperate, Christian life, and that she is charitable and kind without stint to those who are poorer than herself. This is quite enough for me, end I have -encouraged her to make a friend of me in -every way in my power." "She is happy in having found such a friend, an invaluable friend to a woman who has sunk from higher social surroundings." Yes, I think I have been a uumfurt to her. She comes to me for books, and we meet nearly every day at thc Free Library, and; compare notes about our reading. My onlyj regret is that I cannot induce her to take enough air and exercise. She spends all the time she can spare from her needlework in reading. But I take her for a walk now and then, and I think she enjoys that. A pennorth of the tramcar carries ns to Battersea Park, end we oas stroll! about amongst grass and trees, and in sight; of the river. She is better off than most of! the girls in the way of getting a little rest] after toil, for that fine, delicate needlework] of hen pays better than the common run vf work, and she is the quickest worker I know." The tables were cleared by thia time, and space had been made forthat naif- circle ronnd the tire of which Miss Newton bsd spoken an the previous night The younger giris brought hassocks and cushions, and seated themselves in the front rank, while their elders sat in the outer row-of chairs. Theodore was now called upsn to contribute his share to thc entertainment, and thereupon took a book from his pocket. ] " You told me yon and your friends were fond of creepy «tories, MISB Newton," he said. "Is that really so?" " Really and truly." "And you are none of you afflicted with weak nerves-you are not afraid nf being made uncomfortable by the memory of - a ghastly story'?" " No. I think that with most of us tho cares of life «re too real and too absorbing to leave auy room in our minds for imaginary horre-_ Isn't it so, uu», mends?" " Lor, yes, Miss Newton," answered one of the girls briskly ; " we're all of us too busy to worry about ghosts ; but I love a ghost «tory for all that." A chorus of voices echoed this assertion, " Then, ladies, I shall have the honour of reading the 'Haunters and the Haunted,' by 'Bulwer Lytton.' Tho very title of the story thrilled them, and the whole party, just .now so noisy with eager talk and frequent laughter, sat breath- less, looking at the reader .with awe-stricken eyes as that wonderful story slowly unwound itself. Theodore read well, in that subdued end seini-dramatic style which is best adapted to chamber-reading. He felt what he read, and the horror of the imaginary soene was vividly before his eyes as he read. The reading lasted two hours, but it was audience, and there was a sigh of -regret when tbe last words of the story had been spoken. "Well," exclaimed one young lady, "Ido call that a first-class story, don't you, Miss Newton ?" "You may go a.lone way without getting such a ghost tajeas that,"saidanother; "and don't thc gentleman read beautifully, and dou't he make one feel os if it was all going on in this very room, and the dog too ! There, I ne ver see such a thing ! A poor dog to drop down dead, like that. " I did hope that there dog would come to at the end," said one damsel. By way of diversion after the story Miss Newton opened the piano, beckoned three of the girls over to ber, and prayed the symphony of " Blow, Gentle (¡ales,' which old-fashioned glee thc three girls sang with taste and discre- tion, the bass part being altered to suit a female voice. Then came some songs, all of which Miss Newton accompanied ; and then at her request Theodore read again, this time selecting "Holmes' 'Wonderful One Horse Shay,' which caused much laughter; after which the little dock on the chimney-piece having struck eleven, he wished his hostesB good-night, selected his coat and hat from among thc heap of jackets and hats on a table on the landing, and went downstairs. He was still in Wedgewood-street when he heard light footsteps coming quickly behind him. It seemed to him that they were trying lo overtake him, so he turned and met the owner of the feet. not one moment Theodore's " I beg your pardon, air ; forgive me for following yon," said a very gentle voice, which he recognised as belonging to the girl called Marian, " I wanted so much to speak to you -alone." "And I am glad of the opportunity of speaking to you, he answered. " I felt par- ticularly interested in yon this evening-there arc some faces, you know, which interest us in spite of ourselves almost, and I felt that X should like to know more of you." This was so gravely said that there was no possibility of an offensive construction being given to the words. " You are very good, sir. It wat your name that struck me," sbe answered, falter- ingly ; " it is a Dorsetshire namo I think." " Yes, it is a Dorsetshire name, and I am a Dorchester man." " Dorchester," she repeated slowly. " I wonder whether you know a place called Cheriton?' " I know it very well, indeed. A kinsman of minc lives there. Lord Cheriton is my cousin." " 1 thought as much, directly I beard your name. You must know about that dreadful murder, then-lost summer!" " Yes, I know about as much of it as anyone knows, and that is very little." " They have not found the murderer?" she asked, with a faint shudder. " Ko, nor are they ever likely to find him, I believe. But tell me why you are interested in Cheriton. Do you come from tbat part of thc country ?" " Yes." " Were you born in Cheriton village ?" " I was brought up not far from there," Bhe answered hesitatingly. He remembered what Miss Newton had told him of her own forbearance in asking Íuestions, and he pursued the inquiry no arther. " May I seo you os far as your lodgings ?" he said kindly. " It will be very little out of my way." "No thank you, Mr. Walbrook. I am too much accustomed to going about alone over to want any escort. Good night, and rhanV Îon for having answered my qpeations so indly/' He held oat bia band, and she could n«t refute to shake hands with htm, nat Jher mumer showed disinclination to prolong the Interview, «ind she -walked away -with hurried .Mps which carried her swiftly into the dark- ness. "?Vor lonely soul," he sold to himself. "How, whose lost sheep is she, I wonder? Chefs certainly of a rank above a cottager's daughter, and with those bands of nen Vt is dear she has never been in domestic service. ¡Sot far from Cheriton? What may that ¡mean? Not far is a vague description of 'locality. I must ask Lady Cheriton about her the next time I am ot the Chase." 