broken links, NOW FIRST "PUBLISH K IX A LOVE STORY. CHAPTER XI.— "The day is cold and dark and dreary" (continued). BY MRS. ALEXANDER. She stood by the table and poured out a cup of tea, which she brought to him. Pal- User rose from his easy chair, took it from her. and stood it on the mantelpiece. " Janet," ho said, drawing her to him, and looking down into her face with ad miring eyes, " after all, you are very sweet, and a deuced deal handsomer than when ' I first fell In love with you. I wish — " He paused, and then kissed her brow and NP3' . s , " What do you wish, dear Randal ! she whispered softly, while ber heart beat to suffocation; was she on the point of learning the word of tbe riddle ? " Why do you not tell me ? Ail I wish is to make you happy." "There are so many little things that you don't seem to understand; you do not exactly feel with me. L am rather sensi tive, and I wish you could divine my wishes." , Janet looked at him with distressed, wistful eyes. " 1 fear I am dull, dear; I wish I had a spirit of diviuatiou; but, as it is want ing, do tell me what my deficiencies are. I know so well when you are dissatisfied, which, alas ! is very often, and I am so miserable because 1 don't know why. if you only knew how miserable I am, you would be sorry." The soft, loving arms went, up round his neck, her sweet, fresh lips clung to bis. and as she felt how passionately he re turned her kisses, a flood of sunshine seemed to fill her heart with intoxicating delight. All troubles and misunderstand ings must be at an end. He would open his heart to lier, and show her how to please and satisfy him, and she would find it to be the omission or commission of some mere trifle which she had been too dense to perceive. " Now do tell me what are my special stupidities." " I don't know that it is worth while talking about It just now. I am, perhaps, a little impatient., and — but there, don't let us waste these precious moments on disagreeable tilings. In less than an hour we must dress for that infernal dinner at the Beaucliamps. Come and sit down be side me, and let us talk of my plans. I had a letter from Crompton this morning. (He is the Conservative whip, you know.) He says our old representative, Skefllng- ton, is going to retire from public life. He is quite sure of it. It will be announced after Christmas. Then we'll have a busy time of it, Janet. I shall have my mani festo ready to post directly his good-bye to the constituency is in the paper. I shall see Godfrey on my way through town— I mean the agent. He Is a first- rate man ! I think 1 am tolerably popu lar in the county, even with the bumpkins, eli ? " " I am sure you are, Randal," said Jauet, speaking her real conviction, and perceiving that this was not the time to press for any rules whereby to guide her conduct, for the greater had completely swallowed up the lesser in Palllser's mind; so she gave her whole attention to elec tioneering schemes until the dressing bell summoned them — somewhat earlier than usual— as they had u six-mile drive to their dinner party. "-What are you going to wear, Janet ? " "Green velvet, I think." " No. Put ou your white gown with the lace concern over your shoulders." "Very well," said Janet, laughing. I am not sure that Raynes will he pleased If she has put out the velvet." " Well, you must face her wrath for my sake." " In such a case 1 will not hesitate," said his wife, as she left the room. The dinner was more amusing than Pal- Hser expected, and everyone observed how brilliantly well Mrs. Palliser was looking. This was as it should be, he thought. It was her hoimdeu duty to do credit to his choice. There was some gossip about the county member, and a report that he thought of retiring was mentioned. Of course Pal liser held his tongue respecting the Infor mation he had received, but he was a little ruffled because nobody said anything about bis being a fit and proper person to represent the county in Parliament. He was amiable enough on tlie follow ing morning, but could talk of nothing ex cept the coming election, and seemed to be rather pleased to have a llsteuer in his wife. The next day but one they were to start for Lord Darrell's place, breaking their Journey in London, as it was rather long, and Palliser wanted to see his agent. They were not to leave till after lun cheon, as Palliser's appointment was not till the following morning. Janet was looking forward to her visit with a good deal ofa pleasure. She liked Lord Darrell, and lenew several of tho guests he bad invited; she hoped, too, that she should be successful in steering clear of all rocks of offence, for she fancied sue had discovered one or two trifling causes of irritation, so trifling that she could have laughed had they not affected Randal. "I think it will be a flue day," said Pal liser, when he sat down to breakfast. "It is rather a good line of country up to Woodlands, hut flat when you get there. However, it will be dark by the time Ave arrive to- morrow. What letters have you?" "A long one from Gertrude. She seems better pleased with Pau than she expected, hut they have not had a good winter as regards weather." Having appeased the pangs of hunger, Palliser took up "The Times," throwing the advertisement sheet — after the fashion of creation's lords — on the carpet, while ho scanned the paper for some mention of Mr. Skeffington's retirement. An exclamation from Janet attracted his attention. She was evidently reading the first column— the famous list of births, deaths, and marriages. "Oh, Randal! Just think— Richard Pal- User has a little son. 'On the 5tli inst., at St. Oswald's, Sussex, the wife of R Palliser, Esq., of a son and heir.' " "What!" exclaimed Palliser, in a tone that startled his wife. "There it Is," she said, offering it to bim, and feeling suddenly as if something tragic had happened. "Don't show it to me," lie said, rlsiug throwing away his part of the paper. 'No, give it to me!" He snatched rather than took it from her hand. Insolent scoundrel!" as he glanced at the announcement and crushed the un offending print in his grasp. "What does he mean by 'son and heir'? Heir to Mer- vyP;t Not yet, ?»tr. Richard Palliser — not yet. and he began to pace the room. Janet felt stunned und utterly at a loss what to say, .so wisely kept silence, the color gradually fading from her face as rccae(l Lady Saville's senteuce, when a son and heir appears, you will be mistress of tlie position." Was this the secret of her failure to be all she ought to be. How was it that her husband was so eager to have a son to inherit his lands— his name? It was a sort of prospective greediness she could not quite understand, and yet It was common enough— natural enough, she supposed. But how unjust to u a s'n omission on her head, when she would so gladly have welcomed a baby, hoy or girl. Not that Janet was the kind or woman who yearned for children— 3be was not 'an Instinctive woman. Clill- arcn would be dear lo her on account of their pathetic helplessness, hut far more dear when they had grown into indepen dent individuals and friends. What could she say was the question that racked both brain and heart, and she could find no answer. Meanwhile Palliser paced the room, ut- lllH wife's growing pal- u'ftM w with and envy. ih i !e.»!l?fcrnal, raoney-£rubbers have all tie luck, ho exclaimed at length. "When fw i i e great mistake of my life took ff rPrt«eepinK. Vtc oC Dick User's W J £raffted that her husband or m voukl the head of the family— QMH T t0 beIieve k again." struLiiA" CouW not sPftak' a strange struggle between a sense of guilt and a heart mid"00 iWftS RoIns on in her s2 fiis5iino..sords,wouw come at ,ast Riohoi'i M lIow a you know thai Mrs. w l?0U8,ht Bucl1 things?" Was ber iK? unato observation. d«ui r keftVon's sake do not argue," cried it nnV roilgllly' know nothing about walk Care lcs3>" and l>e resumed his a Jm?m,tiVaS 3t.ruck "Rfinfi. nnd sat still for n rnu. ,0 two; then she took up tbe folded and laid it on tbo tablo, and was gently leaving the room when her movement caught Palliser's notice. "Where are you gofng?" he asked. "To hide your ill-temper because I cannot al ways conceal my disappointment and an noyance? You ought to have more sym pathy with me." "I have all possible sympathy with you, Randal, and I have no ill temper to hide. I was going away because you are not yourself, and you are speaking more un kindly than you know. You will be sorry afterwards, so It is better not to stay here now." And she left the room. When she reached her own, she sat down like one stunned; she felt no inclination to shed tears. A curious sort of chill numbed her from head to foot. She felt as if she had been turned on the world, in the cold. What right had she to be where she was? She had not fulfilled the end of her exist ence. What business had she to pose as the mistress of Mervyn-hall— deficient as she was in her principal duly? She felt like a swindler who ought to bo banished from the paradise she had entered on false pretences. A feeling of black despair wrapped her in the dull muffling of its dis mal opaque atmosphere. "I beg your pardon, ma'am," said Raynes, who came quickly Into tho room on packing bent, and started back greatly surprised to see her ladyship there at that hour. "Do not mind, Raynes; go on with your packing." She brought out the words with difficulty. "I beg your pardon, ma'am, but. are you feeling unwell'.'" "Not quite as well as usual," returned her mistress, trying to smile. "I must go out; the air will revive me." "Wou't. you sit down and rest, ma'am? It's bad to travel when one is uot quite right. Shall I fetch you some sal vola tile?" "No, thank you; I am almost myself again, 1 will go and see if Mr. Palliser is going out." She rose and left the room, pausing In the next one to think what she should do. Was Randal waiting to ask her forgiveness for his outbreak? He ought to follow her for that purpose, but she would not exact too much, nor would she be inexorable. But she would tell him how cruelly he had hurt her. And yet it was a bitter annoy ance, this birth of a son to his cousin; she knew him, Randal, hotter than she used, and how unfortunate she was! She began to understand that her husband did not easily forgive failure or contradiction; still, he would be sorry for having spoken as he did, and she must make hhn under stand that although grieved, she was not in a bad temper. Thank heaven! she had resisted tears. If only she looked less pale! A quick walk round the garden might remedy that. She dreaded meeting Randal again; but that was silly! He would say a few apologetic words, and promise not to do it again; then all would be over, only she could never forget — never! She gathered up her forces and descended to the library. Palliser was writing, and as Janet crossed the room she saw that the evil spirit still reigned within him. His smile was exceedingly pleasant; but when it was not playing round his lips or laugh ing in his eyes, the master of Mcrvyn looked a very ugly customer indeed. I "Oh! is that you? 1 wish you would I write a line for me to Godfrey. Say I can- !not see him t Hi twelve instead of eleven to-morrow. I have a telegram from Comp- ton; lie wants me to be with him as early i as I can to-morrow, so we cannot get off to 1 Woodlands by the midday train. I told Coates to look out and arrange for the next. No! take my paper, yours Is too Ismail and finnikin — use the third person, y(ju know." I And this was all. lie seemed to have j no consciousness of needing pardon. He j held himself as if he were the offended f party. She need not have feared a tnelt- j. ing appeal for pardon, or planned her own phrases in reply — so trivial a matter as her 5 sorely wounded heart did not cost him a | second thought. She drew the paper to ll wards her, and began to write, but she r could not command her attention, and she | had to re-write it twice. J When at last it was accomplished, she I handed it to her husband, asking, "Would j you like to look at it?" I He glanced at lier. and the torn pieces J of paper. "1 hope to heaven, Janet, you j are not. going in for nerves!" he said, with a frown. "You are looking like a ghost! I thought you had the nerves and health of a milkmaid!" "If my nerves were shaken for a moment, you have quite restored them," she sahi steadily. "They shall not trouble you again." "I am glad to hear it. 1 should be awfully disgusted if you treated us to hysterics at Darrell's place. His tone roused tho stout spirit that underlay Janet's loving nature, and she pulled herself together without much effort. "Very well!" she said. "And I shall he greatly disgusted if you break your leg or your arm while we are at Lord Dar rell's; if you do, don't, expect me to nurse you; so take wire!" There was a certain lightness in her tone which startled him. Not a tinge of ill-tompar, but a touch of good-humored defiance. Palliser looked at her for a moment, a change, not to soft ness, passing over ills face. 1 "I hope 1 shall not trouble you. Will you stamp these letters, please? I am going to ride in lo the post myself; I'll be back in time for lunch." I Then Janet hastily wrapped herself up, ' and rushed away into the woods. Was it possible that her husband who could be so charming, so loving, was merely heart less, sounding brass? Had she been con scious of treating him with cold indiffer ence would any atonement seem sufficient.' Could anything ever heal this cruel wound? How thankful she would he to forget it. Perhaps as time went on, sho would grow harder, wiser, more fit for general circulation, bettor able to estimate things — and then would life he worth living? . if . 5 (To continued.) 