SUDDENLY ACQUIRED FOR TUNES. Among the many instances on re cord of sudden and unexpected ac cession to wealth may be mentioned the case of a Toledo baggage man, who on one occasion checked an old lady's luggage, and otherwise behaved civilly to her. Seven years later this old lady gave up the ghost, and by her will left the , civil official the handsome sum of i 13,000 dollars. I A few years ago, when a well known circus arrived at a West- , roorland town, a letter was found j waiting for one of the labourers, i acting in the capacity of groom, to the effect that there had been be queathed to bim by a deceased re- j lative a fortune of no less than £40,000. The young man, it is j said, could not at first realise the J truth of the pleasing announcement, j as the money was from a source he i had little expected ; it, nevertheless, j proved to be correct. It appeared i that the fortunate groom belonged to a good family, and had received a good education. In his youth, however, he was somewhat fast, and quickly dissipated a handsome fortune. Like many other young | men, he was fond of horses, the j fascination of a circus attracted his j attention when he had to work or j starve, and he had been engaged j some time as a groom when Fortune j once more smiled upon him. j A Swede named A. Monsson, who | won a large sum in a San Francis- J can lottery, was so astonished when i informed of his good luck that his j hair turned white with excitement, j In this case the fortunate man had been living a precarious life, from i band to mouth, and was lucky ] enough one day, when in funds, to j meet" a travelling pedlar, who ; wanted to dispose of his lottery j ticket. Monsson purchased it, with j the result above recorded. j One of the most remarkable in- 5 stances of acquiring a large fortune | rapidly was that of the Baron; 0f 3 who died at Vienna in the j last year of the last century. This j individual commenced life as a per- ! former of sleight-of-hand tricks. He accumulated a little money, and became a commissary in the Seven Years' War. This proved such a J successful undertaking, and his j duties were performed so well, that. he accumulated half a million of j money, and was created a Baron of j the Austrian Empire. I A rather amusing instance of a windfall, which proved to be a veritable 'castle in the air,' was re ported some time since from Guild ford, where a blacksmith was stated to be the heir to £10,000. The manner in which the rumour rained currency was thus: The j smith arrived later than usual at j his forge one morning, and re- j marked that he was no longer a j horny-handed son of toil, having j lust received a cheque for the j handsome sum of £10,000. The j news spread like wild-fire througn | the village, and congratulations . poured in from all sides. For a j long time the good fortune was not j questioned, but at length some j person better acquainted with ! cheques than the blacksmith saw i the document, and pointed out j that it was only a Christmas greet- ; ing, and was for ' 10,000 greetings, j drawn upon the ' Christmas and j News Years' Bank, Merry Lane Branch.' This, says the story, was a great blow to the blacksmith, , who, believing it genuine, had al- ; readv decided how the money was : to be disposed of. He returned to ! the anvil a sadder and a wiser ■ man. More fortunate was the haulier ; in the employ of a Bristol builder, who in 1889, received an intimation that through the death of a relative | of bis wife she was entitled to a j legacy of £26,000. The letter an- j nouncing the windfall was accom- 1 panied with a cheque for £100 to j pay the man's expenses to- Man- j Chester to receive possession of his ; fortune. Needless to say, he lost ; no time in paying a visit to the firm of solicitors who had seat him the welcome news. Novelists in search of a plot might do worse than take for a hero an unfortunate carpenter of Stour bridge, who woke one day to find himself famous, only, however, to subside into his original obscurity. Some years before it was said the carpenter had saved the life of an old gentleman, who gave him five shillings and promised to 1 remem ber him.' Wilkinson, for that was the carpenter's name, received one dav a letter telling him the said old Gentleman had left him an estate worth £26,000. Many were the comments made, both in jest and earnest, on this dramatic story ; but, alas, for Wilkinson ■ the latitude of his estate was in the upper regions. It is 'built in cloudland, out of air.' The letter turned out to he a stupid hoax. ■ In June 1888, Police-constable ; Latehford, of the London City Po 1 lice, received notice that he had in 1 herited property at Bedditch worth £9000 net. He promptly sent in his resignation, which was accepted. The blue coat, brass buttons, the staff, the armlet, and the whistle were discarded in due course, and Latehford retired into private life. Dame Fortune sometimes looks in at the work-house, and a few years ago paid a visit to a Brent ford pauper named John Medrum, who for seven months had been maintained at the expense of the public. This man had allowed a fortune of £10,000, left him by his father, to disappear through liti gation, and while in the Brentford Workhouse became heir to a further sum of £8000, of which he took better care. One more instance, which, un fortunately, had a fatal effect. On the 23rd of April, 1890, an inquest was held at Poplar on the body of Mary Spencer, the wife of a la bourer, who died rather suddenly. From the evidence of a solicitor, it appeared that Mrs. Spencer suffered from poverty and had been an in mate of the workhouse, but had just come into a fortune of £200.000. Pier good luck turned her brain, and she died. —Tit Bits. 