COUNTRY. NEWS [FROM OUR OWN OOHBESrONp-tM-a.] LONGFORD Matters ecclesiastical have been to the front here lately. In the first place Archbishop Murphy visited Longford for the purpose of administering the sacrament of confirmation to the members of the Church in Longford, Cressy, Perth, Evandale, West sington, etc. They assembled at St. Augustine's Church, and,' being formed in procession in the church grounds, were marched up to their seats in front of the altar, the girls being all dressed in ss white and wearing white veils, and the b -ya having red rosettes on the left breast, Mass was celebrated by the Rev. Father Quinn, of Launceston, after which the Archbishop examined the candidates, to test their knowledge of Christian doctrine, and st us so pleased with the answers given that he complimented Father McKernan on the training they had received at his hands. He then ascended the altar steps, and preached a most instructive sermon from the first few versus of Acts ii. This being treated the children and adults went up two by two, and, kneeling at the feet of the Archbishop, were confirmed. After they had returned to their places the Archbishop again addressed them, impressing upon them the necessity of their co-operation with the graces they had then received, and urging them to lead upright and edifying lives that so they might attain eternal life hereafter r. The children then sang Father Fuber's beautiful hymn, " Faith of our fathers and the ceremonies ended. The organ was played by Miss N. Murnane, and Mr. Raper came from Evandale to assist the choir in singing the Mass. During uonlirinntiin the clink sang, "Come, Holy Ghost," and at the offertory Mrs, Haines sang Gounod's " Ave Maria" very feelingly. A procession was then formed, and all proceeded to. the Foresters'-hall, where luncheon was provided by the members of the congregation. After the good things had been partaken of the procession re-formed and marched back to the church to receive the archiepiscopal blessing. The Archbishop returned to Launceston in the afternoon. Father Quinn remained to conduct the evening service and. preach. On Tuesday the new organ which has been lately imported from England for Christ Church ( Anglican) was formally opened, There was a dedication service and organ recital in the afternoon, at which the Rev. Canons Adams and Whitington, and the incumbent (the Rev. H. S. Edwards) were present. The church was well filled. Min Frost and Messrs. Thornthwaite and Ferguson played several selections, and Mr. Ferguson sang " Lord God of Abraham" from Elijah, and) " Honour and arms " from Handel's Samson. All who were present were pleased with the quality of the instrument. In the evening Canon Whitington preached, and another collection was made to clear off the debt of something under £15 owing on completion of the organ. The two collection! did not realise £9, so that a small balance still remains. An informal meeting of the local fire insurance agent was held in Mr. Whitford's office, at the request of Councillor Gould, to consider what steps would be best to take to render the water supply more efficacious in the case of fire breaking out. the matter was well discussed, and it was decided to test the pressure of water available as soon as arrangements could be made, when a second meeting would be held at which something definite would be brought forward. The weather continues dry and hot. On Wednesday morning there was a good shower but it soon cleared up. Most of the grain is cut and threshing is going on, but the yield promises to be very much below expectations. February 2. ' 