? THE THEATBICAT. EEPOBTKR. (A " FULL " EXPLANATION.) INTO the awful sanctum Of the Editor-in-chief, Poor Robinson when summoned Sneaked like a guilty thief. He knew that on last evening Ho had yielded to temptation— And now what he had dreaded Was asked—an explanation! < I'm sorry, Mr. Bobinson, To truth you have not kept; A much-misleading statement Has in our columns crept. You said, * List night the Playhouse Was crowded to the door,' Whereas I'm told 'twas scarce half-full, Hut certainly not nK re." The scribe felt very much inclined To vow he told no lie, Hut feared his chief could easily The statement verify; And though he'd been a Pressman Since he had been a youth. Resolved for once, whate'er it coat. To try and tell the truth. " When I went there The Playhouse Was just half-full, I think. And then the manager looked in, And asked me out to drink. I took—it was a bumper— Of whiskey quite a pull— And, seeing double, I went back, And found the house quite full. The Editor, with mournful sigh, In saddened tones of pain, Said, " You're excused, my boy, but don't Let this occur again. I'm sorry for the manager Your statement was not true— His house had been a bumper Had it been as full as you." THOSE who take an interest in dramatic matters i^nnot tail to have noticed that the "runs" of n.' n cuniary circumstances under which we live. A fi'tv vfiars ago the new production that was withilnuvn after an easy canter of a fortnight would IKIVM been regarded as a signal failure. Nowadnrs a run of two weeks to payable business is fdedasa fair success and the continuation idedasa success, and the continual ^f tho piece to good houses ror turee weeus is a rii.'uuist&nce; that maketh glad the heart of the th'.itrical manager. The cause of this change lii-j solely with the altered position of the community. There is no fault to find with the mumer in which the plays are produced, or the ftvln in which they are acted. Take the Princess' Theatre, for example. The novelties which Mr. Kund Holt has given us during tbe past few 111 nths have been not merely, up to date, but .. .. been produced on a lavish scale worthy of tli- wealthiest of the boom days, lor realistic M:i!{e production, enterprising expenditure and iu 1 naijetial pluck " A Life of Pleasure » makes a r, , urd in Melbourne, and at another and more ]ir-ispnrous icnp.rntiR nnrind period of our dramatic, history wcnld would in.VH secured a run of at least two months. Yet .Mi. Holt brings it forward at the end of his p>-1 -on, knowing that he must be content with a tl ; .'H-weeks' run. Similarly at the Theatre Eoyal, Mr. Obas. Holloway, although producing firstcl;t 5 melodrama in first-class style and at popular recognises from the outset that a fortnight t en a successful piece will well-nigh exhaust playgoing power of the paying public. In v que nee of this knowledge and his experience Holloway prepares for changes in each mate week. - THIS drop from months to weeks in the run of '•ssful plays is very hard upon managers, for i-'ii the businesses that are the necessary para- I, Of modern civilisation that of the theatrical >?er is the most uncertain ana risky. With (• iickle public, " it is only the unexpected that The manager of a theatre may leave one unturned.no effort untried, no expense 1\. to please the public. He may have done > thing possible to deserve success, but he not achieve it. On the other hand, the resort," some despised play which he puts \- - ™ sheer despair, or because he has nothing (-1-I--I'ady, will leap into public favour at a bound unrl 111 the treasury with unexpected gold. Such if:, c was that of the comic opera of "The Old 'ui;.'d." The business of a theatrical manager ';rtai n at the best of times. Sometimes (but • ) Shakespearian plays will become the rage, inther time Sarah Bernhardt and French onalism will reign supreme, and within months, nay not so much, not two," the v '-ry persons who sat spellbound before the divine Sai-.i-i will forget all her tragic fire in their iii'-.'-i i.uent over the thin antics and legs of a * -i y Company. The playgoing public is <-'ss>: i.ially feminine, varium ct mulabile semper. '.lie fickleness added to general depression is tlculated aireu to UO make ,utLto the uuo theatrical U^u^l manager The clouds have been darkly lowering is horizon, but there is a gleam of tbe silver Htiii, visible It must be remembered that dull -ness is at present, it is by no means as bad lias been. During a portion of last year urne had • -- but one theatre •• going, now it "' has • occasional entertainments at the Town and Athenoiuui Halls, and the concert- halls, which, like the poor, we have always with us. The supply is much greater than the demand. The inevitable result of this is that at some of the houses half salaries will become too frequent an ultimatum, then the " ghost" will fail to walk at all, and then the usual preliminary symptom to the deathrattle will supervene, viz., the formation of a commonwealth amongst the members of the unpaid company. They will make a desperate effort to " run "the theatre by sharing the profits. The experience of the past shows that in'theBe cases there never are any profits. The show drags along miserably for a night or two, perhaps peters out for a week, and then the gas-bill blocks the way, or the musicians "strike," and—the rest IB silence. There is but one way to avoid these calamities, and that is the'eJosing of two, if not three, of our places of public entertainment. In the same way as we over-built and over-speculated, so were we over-amused in the past. Two good theatres are about as much as Melbourne can at present support without resulting in starvation —or no wages to actors and financial embarrassment to managers. With this opiniofi, we feel sure all theatrical managers will agree but as each one will insist that his show should be one of the two survivors, no practical outcome will -esult from their unanimity. We 6hall therefore be forced to wait for another illustration of " the survival of the fittest," hopin?, yet scarcely expecting, that all of the theatres can drag out until the return of a prosperity that will warrant j.1— the existence —..t™™ of «•"> five thontms theatres m in » a m<-.®- city into like Melbourne. •The Shamrock and The Eose" has drawn good houses during the week, and, bearing in mind the above remarks, Mr. Holloway has good reason to congratulate himself upon having succeeded in hitting the popular taste in the class of modern sensational drama in the .production of which he has embarked. Exceedinely well placed upon the stage, the piece runs ver/ smoothly, and numerous vigorous, though somewhat improbable, sallies and sorties 01 tbe ubiquitous and irrepressible Dandy Dunraven bring down the bouse. Mr. Holloway's presentation of this "broth of a bhoy is a most creditable one, and the actor displays his versatility by the clever manner in which he contrasts the portions of the play which deal with Dandy's unrequited love. By way of variety the character of Mixy Mulcaby is one that needs no contrast. It is uproarious low-comedy throughout, and Mr. J. W. Sweeney makes the most of his opportunities and raises it to a prominence not excelled by any of the caBt. Miss Maude Williamson, Miss Merton and Miss Alice Deorwyn are each in their way good, and the dainty representative of Morna Moore has already become a firm favourite with the Melbourne public. " The Shamrock and The Hose J-"" 1 " 3 " will *"" be "" played — for the last — time to-morrow . evening, and on Saturday evening the second of « Holloway's Sensational l'ills " will be brought " J u:„m„ and out of the box. It is the highly interesting and moving drama entitled "True as Steel." THE dramatic season at the Princess' Theatre will conclude this week. Melbourne playgoers owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. Bland Holt for the manner in which he has catered tor their amusethem ment, f an/1 mmnl»t« a, oil nieces have t. (rood and complete as all his pieces nave foeerl , all. this latest The splendid " A Lite ot scenery Pleasure and ^ the has excelled realistic representation of the battle scene in Burmah have been marvels of stage-craft. This and to-morrow evenings will be the last opportunities which the public will have of witnessing A Life 0f pleasure," as on Saturday night drama gives place to comic opera. We understand that at the conclusion of Mr. Holt's season the Australian stage will sustain a severe loss. Miss Henrietta Watson and Mr. and Mrs. Edward Sass (Miss Emma G wynne) purpose going to England. We ^ in afford to spare such a trio of favourites, and in wishing them 6011 voyage we can only hope for their speedy return. "For seven weeks only" (runs the Princess' notification) the Koyal Comic Opera Company will occupy the boards of the prettiest theatre in the world* The comic opera season will begin on Saturday next, and the company will include all the favourite artists, with, of course, Miss Nellie Stewart at the head of the muster-roll. The opeDing opening piece will be ^ «The Vicar of Bray," with Mr. George Laari a6the time-serving and terpsichorean clergyman. " The Vicar " will be followed each evening by an operetta, new to Australia, by Edward Solomon, entitled "Penelope," and in this Mr. Chas. Byley will make his last appearances in Australia. During the rortn forth- . " , " coming season the London operatic success ot the past year," Ma Mie Eosette," will be staged, and V on the 10th June Mr. Wallace Brownlow, tho TOung English baritone, will make BIB Australian '.MUL If we may judge by the attendance at the Bijou Theatre on last Saturday evening, Mr. Arthur Garner has acted wisely in airily skipping from English comedy to English opera. There was a splendid house to welcome back Miss Annis Montague, Mr. Charles Turner and Mr. Edward Farley, who renewed their acquaintance with the musical portion of the community. The piece selectetT- was tire ever-welcome and tuneful 'Maritana." NMWWVUO. Miss Montague was —_—~ eminently succeBsful in .the title role, singing ana scting the part of the gipsy girl in finished style. Her sweet and well-trained voice was heard to great advantage throughout, but " The Harp in the Air was especially successful ir.rousing to enthusiasm. &s; cne osvu-nuf-ui™ "uu^-' Bszan, Mr. Charles Turner played with vigour and aba,jdon, and sang t h e T o n music allotted to the part with taste, SKIU ana spirit. Don Jose T — is — a,n favourite in Mr merriment out of the character of the Marquis. Miss Cicely Staunton made a charming Lazarillo, and sang "Alas, tlio3e Chimes" in such brilliant 6tyle as to Becure an enthusiastic encore. Following the custom of the times, and not to bo out of the fashion, Mr. Garner has made up his mind to "lightning changes" of programme. "Faust" was staged last night, and this evening "The Bohemian Girl" will be produced - with Miss Montague in her favourite character of Arlrae. MESSES. Fitzgerald Brothers have this week introduced their second great programme at their Bucephaleon at the Alexandra Theatre. Although no fault could be found with the first bill, its merits were not eo great as those of the present entertainment. In addition to the menagerie display with which the evening's entertainment commences. Fitzgerald Brothers give their patrons ft really A1 circuB performance, which comprises over twenty acts. The chief sensational item (amongst many sensational items) in the new programme is the daring and startling feat performed by Mr, Frank Jones; who throws a somer- Bauit over a squad of twenty guns with bayonets, which discharge a volley whilst the a^obat is in mid-air. Amongst other wonders of skill and agility may be included as specially deserving of mention the gymnastic displays of Lea Tines, the equestrianism of Miss Nellie Lyndhurst, and the humorous and musical diversions of Walhalla and Gregory. Mr. Fitzgerald shows some marvellous proofs of his power of training and educating horses and the audience ia gBn(. awBy m fchg merrieBt of moods by an amusing farce, entitled "The Michievous Barber." IF we may judge by Mr. T. P. Hudson's next impressarial move, we may regard India as a happier hunting ground for professional talent than Australia. Mr. Hudson has had experience of both countries, is proprietor or co-proprietor of two Indian and one Australian theatres, and as he was the director of the Antoinette Sterling Concerts, he ought to know something of the business, He has organised a "Surprise Party," with which he purposes touring India, t^nina, Burmab, the StraitB and Japan. The company is an excellent one, capable of giving a first-class and well-varied entertainment, as it includes Miss May Habgood, the Perman Family, Miss Amy Johns, Miss Stella Esdaile, Messrs. Val Vousden, Wilkinson Breed, M'Kisson, Kearne, T. P. Hudson and several others of lesser note. By way of getting his company into working order, Mr. Hudson will play a short season at Hudson's Theatre, Adelaide, commencing on the 16th June. — ,„ ... , iv i ±t_ .,iir- 1 •> WHAT is the charm that the "Waxworks holds upon the public mind? Other places of amusement and entertainment come and go so far as complete changes are concerned, but the 'Waxworks" goes on forever. A theatrical manager must keep his audiences by giving a. rapid succession of changes with "everything new," the operatic impressario is compelled to seek the works of new composers and to find new artists every season, but the success of "Kreitmeyer's" is " perennial. True there are varied entertainments . , , , given and new figures are being added daily, but the old favourites are not altogether supplanted in popular favour—or rather, should we say disfavour—for the bigger the scoundrel the greater the interest. There is some fascination about greatness—whether in celebrity or crime - that goes far to give undying interest in the famous or the infamous ones. The Sydney burglars who were recently executed, or Mrs. Knorr the baby farmer, may draw an extra large knot of the sightseers around them, but the interest felt in the later criminals does not detract „ much from the unenviable interest felt in a Deeming or even in the convict murderers of the olden days Of course all those who go to the Waxworks do not necessarily go to see the bad people. "Krietmeyer" recognises this fact by keeping his counterfeit presentments of the real "out-and-outers" apart in the well- known Chamber of Horrors. Many go see the great and celebrated heroes and heroines, the men and women who benefitted their fellows or risked their own lives to save those of others. 