aSTEEDX.ES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." about my i shall to my enemies. Fine. •Warm. Cyolorama.. Sudden death. Riots in India. Labor troubles. Wheat storage. A religious war. Relief measures. " Continentals." " Broken Links." Rotunda concert. Pugilism in Perth. Distress in A ustria. Wei} done, Sydney. , International oricket. A disappointed lover. Mr. Schey in trouble. Another drop in silver. Fatal rioting in Russia. An absconding partner. Manslaughter in Sydney. • Embezzlement in Sydney. A woman oommits suicide. "The Squatter's Pardon." Retrenchment in Victoria. More money for Australia.: General Kitchener knighted. Legislative Counoil elections. An inspection of the homeless. An elopement from.Tasmania. Sudden death at Fowler's Bay. Soene in the Sydney Assembly. " Government and the people." Deceived by "confidence" men. The Anglican Church criticised. Sydney loan successfully floated. Aotive training on the Old Coarse. Melbourne lighted with electricity. Napoleon's ghost at the Cyolorama. Dr. Renwiok banqueted in Loudon. Fishing 'settlement in Bass's Strait. Experiments with Victorian brandy. Sydney burglars committed for trial. Serious trap accident at Stratbalbyn. Seaside frolio3 at Glenelg to-morrow. A big passenger-list by the Himalaya. Presentation to the Surveyor-Genorai. Proposed village settlement at Glanville. Sir Edwin Smith will be here next week. An earthquake shock at the Moonta mines. Plenty of amusement at Glenelg to-morrow. Bishop Hooper was burnt on February 9, 1555\. • . "The straight and devious paths of student ship." ' Dean Merivale, the historian, died last month. There are 350,000 men out of employment in Austria. . The German .corvette Falke has arrived in Melbourne. A "Yorkshire Society" about to be formed in Adelaide. Love's young dream has suffered another severe shock. j Financial aid wanted by the Royal Agvicul tural Society. j The Princess of. Bulgaria has suffered a.j severe relapse. ' . I An attractive programme for to-morrow's ' Continental." The scarcity of water at Coolgardie is be coming alarming. General Sir Evelyn "Wood was born on February 9, 1S38. A new novel will be commenced in to morrow's Express. Mr. Stoddarb and the English Eleven will arrive in November. The City Volunteer Band will play at the Rotunda this evening. To-morrow is the 54th anniversary of Queen Victoria's wedding day. Mr. George Clare says the pnblio debt of Australia is £200,000,000. "The Battle of, "Waterloo" still, attracts crowded attendances daily. Mr. Howell's resignation as manager of the Broken Hill mine is denied. The Norwoods will meet the South Ade laides on the Oval to-morrow. Earl Mayo, Governor-General of India, was assassinated on February 8, 1S72. Mr. Schey had a rumpus with tho Chairman of Committees in Sydney yesterday. The Very Rev. Dr. Gregory, Deam-of Si. Paul's, was born oh February 9,1819. " An impertinent jaokanapes" is a sample of the language of the Sydney Assembly. Work on claims within 10 miles of Cool gardie will be resumed on Monday next. A graphic description of the wreck of the Kanahooka in this morning's Advertiser. _ The next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme. Court will be commenced on February 20. The members of the Marine Board returned from their south-eastern inspection on Thurs day. There are seven men working at the stone craokmg depot established by the Govern ment. An original Australian drama will be produced at the Bijou Theatre on Monday week. The first-class cruiser Crescent will replace the Orlando as flagship on the Australian station. The publication of a new novel by Mrs. Alexander will be commenced in to- morrow's Express. Mr. A. E. Stoddart's team will probably Bail by one of the mail boats leaving London during Ootober. Mr. J. H. Smith was appointed Chairman of South Australian Railway Commissioners oil February 8,1838. MoAuliffe, the Melbourne lightweight, bruiser, was knocked out in three rounds by Marks, a Perth " pug." Mr. Walter Bentley will assume the leading-; Mr- J. H. Lyons's comedy-drama The Squatter's Pardon." Miss Maud Reid, a Melbourne soprano, will make . her first appearance in Adelaide at to-morrow8 "Continental." The trioycle service between Narraooorte and' Kingston, and Mount Gambier and Beach port will be permanently continued. , The elections . for the Legislative Counoil will take place either on the last Saturday in April or the first Saturday in May. "Broken Links," a new novel by Mrs. Alexander, which will be commenced in to morrow's Express, is a moat brightly written qtory. Farmers along the Cornish coast are using S83 sand as bedding for oattle in place of straw, which the late drought has rendered so expensive. The Rev. Henry Girdlestone, the newly appointed headmaster of Sb. Peter's College, ■was . formally inducted to his position by Bishop Kennion yesterday. There is an air of fresh and breezy cheerfol teess about the story by Mrs. Alexander, the publication of which will be commenced in to inqtiotfs Express, which cannob fail to capti -Tate and delight all its readers. 