TWfeSftFTHE WEEK ME. Patterson, who is- booked for am ad dress at the coming Chaieh Cou<^eB» h . Hobari, took preliminary esereae at Sooth Me&onrne; or Tuesday, vfam be dtacoaaed on '* Labour aad Capital." Ife eapcessed, in the vigorous language he can command at : all tunes* the seoei which* man of comtaoa sehae feels wkea. he heara the woo Id-be apoatka ot labour talking: " foaming non sense." The ©dier d-vy one of the poor fools of the platform brought dowa the hoose by . easing that it woald be sped for the working men if all the capitalists in die country mere tat en outside the Heads and dropped in the sea. Such stuff irks Mr. F.tttersou. Kvejy eBteijNuse wants so&ey.; What is the diia culty with the village settlements? Want ol money; the men axe not kicking: TIm men. gpoin® about looking foe wori: axe really looking foe same on* with money who- wiU pay for die doing of work. Ail tliia is very good, but ME. Pattecsoa him self was led away by a- phrase i« common oae. "It ia true,'1 he said, " tliat lulioor is the aoucce of all wealth." When agitators and other leaders of the professional anea»4>loyed hear tiiat phrase they cheer, be cause, though they d<» no work, they con aider themselves " labour." If all wealth . eotnes: from labour, and lalxiur means tiie one : man working for daily wages and the several men looking on idly wliile he works, then " labour " thinks it has plausible servanda for . laying hold: of that which it lias produced. , Mosfcof Che prevailing- coufusicni of thoajrlat, leading to jieuianda tor upsetting legislation, comes from theoae at terms like " labour," which ha>vea. tauvlced meaning* There are two sources of wealth-the earth we stand on, anti the br&ina; and hands that are em ; ployed in subduing it, In many departments of industry the larger share of the work is done bythee very-day force* of nature, after some intelligent person has found how to beat turn theui to account. To the produc ;tionof wheat all that " labour" contributes is a little ploughing in the autumn, a little sowing and lion-owing, anil then the soil and the rain go to work, " labour "not re-appear ing upon the scene till the summer, when inafew hours it gathers in tlie harvest. . The share 11 labour " has in the production of wool is very elighi. How niucn mace important the brains are than the hands in producing wealth, is shown by the difference between Europeand . Polynesia, or between Fiji in the hands of the natives and Fiji as an ]£hg]iah colony. Hacsh as the ways of the world seem, it wUl be found that, as a rule, the world pays the worker in proportion to the amount of intelli gence he puts into his work. It gives good wages to its most useful servants, better pay to. the engineer and the carpenter than to the cabman, who spends three-fourths of his time " lealiita " on the stand, waiting Cot. a fare to turn up, or to the street-labourer, who polls weeds up oat of the gutter, and has so little use for his brains while doing so that all the time he is " working " lie is able to talk politics at the pitch of his voice with the mate 10 yards ahead of him. The ratepayer cannot afford to pay lor the intelligence wasted in talking gutter politics. The phrase, that all wealth comes from labour-if by that we mean, hand labour contains a very small percentage of the whole truth. " Hand labour" helps very little in subduing the earth ; but it is amusing to notice that, when it is not helping at all i.e., when it is " unemployed"-it then puts in its biggest claims. In times of depression, when the "creators" of work have their energies curtailed, " hand labour" goes aim lessly about the street, because it is without the mental capacity to create work for itself. You see how poor its ideas are when, as one of its great Bhifts, it takes to hawking from door to door trinkets that no one has the slightest use for; or, like the unintelli gent woodcarter, goes up and down the same street day after day offering for sale the load which it knows no one wants to buy. Could it be brought home to " hand labour" that wages proportion themselves to the amount of practical intelligence and fidelity which men put into their work, the country would become a great deal more prosperous than it now is, and we would all have our time less often taken np with ranting propositions for saving the indolent the trouble of using their brains and their hands as energetically as they do their tongues. " We should only be too delighted to have bigger engines if we could get them, for in this way the expenditure could be reduced very largely indeed." So said Mr. Com . missioner Murray at the railway picnic on Saturday. Prospero's charm dissolves apace, "their understanding begins to swell, and the approaching tide will shortly fill the reasonable shore." " We would do theee things if we had a Minister who would fork out the money." About this time last year the board inquiring into the management of the locomotive department was having poured into its ears the complaint of witness after witness, professing to be expert, that the construction and maintenance of the rail ways had been made expensive by the introduction of engines which in volved the laying of heavy rails. It was alleged that the aim of Parliament, which was to build cheap lines, had been thwarted by taking up light rails, which would only bear the weight of light loco motives, and putting down heavy rails to bear the weight of heavy locomotives. At the very time the innovations of the attacked management were being thus condemned information was being published which showed that iu England, the United States, and New South Wales the 100-ton engine an engine nearly donble the weight of the one clung to in this colony as the pattern of lightness-had become the standard. It is great progress withih a ytar to have one of the present commissioners admitting that heavy engines mean reduced expense, and that they would be brought into use if the Minister "would fork out the money." Nothing is now said about heavy engines pounding the rails out of shape. It is too late to preach that doctrine. The New South Wales commissioners bear witness that the introduction of the heavy engine has im mensely cheapened the cost of haulage. Why has the open secret not been found out in this colony till 1894? Because about this time last year the exigencies of politics required that advanced railway management should be condemned, and one way of condemning it was to show that the locomotive department, with its new style of engines, had been forcing the construction department to bring the permanent way up to the requirements of traffic. The true way to keep pace with growing traffic is to have powerful haulage, and adapt the strength of the road to the weight of the engine. An organ that gently "barracks" for the commissioners has haetened to explain away Mr. Murray's in judicious admission. The large engine they have in their eye will have so extensive a wheel base that it will run light on the rails, and yet, notwithstanding its lightness, it will only be used on heavy lines. So, we suppose that if the traffic should ever be come great enough on light lines to demand improved haulage-the case of the Mel bourne and Adelaide line in Mr. Allison-1 Smith's time-the same rule will apply nnder Mr. Murray as was insisted on against Mr. Allison-Smith-viz., traffic has no business to grow (setting op a demand for heavy engines) on lines originally made light, and i such lines most ever remain light A very debateable sort of proceeding on the part of the metropolitan engineer was that which the members of Mr. FitzGibbon's large and happy family were equally divided opon on Tuesday. The Metropolitan Board of Works a few months back called for tenders for laying the main drains for the sewerage system which the city of Melbourne and Mr. FitzGibbon began agitating for 40 years ego. Mr. James Moore's tender of £117,936 was £34,672 below the next on the 'list (£152,509). After the contract was Bigned, -deposit lodged, and work begun it to as found that the job would ruin Mr. Moore, as he had tendered far too low. Mr. Thwaites, the1 engineer, with the sole object of getting the work well and economically done, varied thej 'conditions, as the contract appears to give j him power to do, by which Mr. Moore Would perform a different kind of work and receive £27,244 more than he signed for, saving the 'board the £7,000 it might have to spend if it took up the second tender. Calculations Which need not be gone into show that in .tome aspects of the case the saving should w £12,311. The board on Tuesday was jtaked to sanction the variation, on the i*!bkn<i that Mr. Thwaites was within his t^hjfein soaking it, and that both time and £iier would be economised by letting the work prooeed tinder Mr. Moore. No one for a moment questions the bowtrfides of Mr. ] Thwaites or doubts the excellence of his intentions. Yet it does not surprise us that the action he has taken proves a staggerer. His plain and obvious duty, when Mr. Moore discovered his blunder, was to throw the responsibility on the board. It is true that calling for fresh offers might cause delay, and perhaps lead to serious loss of money. But there are other considerations. With us municipal government is honest enough, and the members of the Metropolitan Board, with Mr. FitzGibbon at their head, are, we doubt not, as good men as one would wish to see charged with the expenditure of half million loans, though some funny log-rolling was done at the outset before any chairman was elected. Boards, however, if not watched, degenerate, and they are best kept straight by restricting them to safe precedents. All that need be said respecting Mr. Thwaites's well-intentioued variations is that it was pre cisely by making such variations in civic contracts that Boss Tweed and his merry comrades plundered New York city. They let contracts fur one thing, and permitted the contractors to supply another. Given a slightly unscrupulous works committee, always sitting in private, an opportunist engineer (which Mr. Thwaites is not), a slumbering board, and an unobservant public, the affairs of metropolitan Melbourne would soon be in as great confusion as the affairs of New York were in the seventies, or as the affairs of Philadelphia have been without intermission for 30 years past. If, as it seems, the best way out of the present dilemma is to sanction the action of Mr. Thwaites-that is what the works com mittee advises-it should be on the distinct understanding that a stricter phraseology is in future to be employed in contracts, or that the term engineer-in-chief should in practice mean the Metropolitan Board. Sir Georgp Dibbs's luck, which until lately has been so good, is beginning to fail him. For two years and upwards his Ministry held its own with credit on a majority never ex ceeding 8, and usually falling to 3. It has just saved itself, on a most critical issue, by 1 vote. In this colony, when the numbers are so close, a Ministry can be intrigued out of office in less than a week, while in South Australia the death-warrant would be signed before the trial. The turn in Sir George's luck is shown by his losing two such powerful colleagues as Mr. Barton and Mr. O'Connor, on a trivial question of etiquette, in Decem ber, and having in January to part with Mr. Copeland, who is considered a great man in the Lands Office, through the spirits having proved too potent for cne strong head on the very day of the opening of the final session. Sir George Dibbs may reason ably groan over the ill-mannered behaviour of fortune. Did none of Mr. Copeland's colleagues foresee that if he were permitted to take part in the debate he must be drawn, by some interjector, into calling someone opposite " a dam scoundrel" (or something sounding like that), and afterwards want to " wring his neck ?' Perhaps they saw and dare not lay hold of his coat-tails, the Parlia mentary way of pullinga member down when he is " making an exhibition of himBelf." The tremendous amount of holdinginthatMr. Copeland required after the House rose, when he was hunting for prey, suggests that most likely it wouldnot have been 6afe to attempt to muzzle himduring the debate. These big mem bers, like the elephant when it has the must on, have to be allowed room according to their strength. Mr. Hindle brought the mad fit on Mr. Copeland by saying that he was in " an evident state of intoxication." There were cries of " shame," but whether they meant that Mr. Copeland was in no such state, or that it is a shame to complaiu of a member's being intoxicated in presence of the Speaker, the reports leave to be guessed. All the long established Australian Parliaments can boast of scenes created through some member becoming obstreperous under like circum stances. Many years ago in Queensland Attorney- Generals had to be changed with great suddenness, through the chief law adviser of the Crown coming down to the Assembly in a happy frame of mind (wanting, not to quarrel with, bat to embrace every body), and only a few weeks back the Legis lative Council in South Australia bad to pass a resolution that a prominent member should not be heard. But if Mr. Copeland for once forgot himself he has since frankly apologised, and imposed penance upon himself by resign ing his portfolio. Unfortunately, while the resignation matters very little to Mr. Cope land, it brings severe punishment on the Ministry, which is losing one strong man after another by untoward accident rather than fair fighting in the open field. The poor Premier must look sadly round the circle at Cabinet meetings, and wonder whether he will be able to keep the remnant together till the day comes for going before the electors. He has probably anxious thoughts about himself, for he knows that Dibbs often does mad things on die spur of the moment. Several letters from Paraguay have been published cracking up the experiment in colony-forming which some Australian dis content!! have begun there, and on the strength of the reports the promoters of the schemeon this side of the water are "can vassing for additional emigrants." The second shipload in the .Royal Tar left Ade laide at the end of the year, and it is said that another vessel is to be chartered. In these circumstances attention should be given to the judicious report which has lieen received in Brisbane from Mr. P. J. Macnamara, one of the most enthusia9tio of the first party, who sold out of his news paper at Southport, Moreton Bay, in order to go. It will be remembered that both in Port Jackson and in Adelaide the managers of the Royal Tar were angry with the port authorities lor insisting on fall compliance with (lie Shipping Act as to boats, provi sions, &c.; The precautions taken in Sydney did not go far enough. Mr. Macnatnara writes:-" We were badly provisioned in some respects, the women and children not having as muoh suitable food provided for them as was necessary. There was a good deal of sickness on board for a few weeks." From the first' it was evident that a great mistake was made in taking women and children before the settlement had been " readied up." Mr, Macaamara writes " It ooste a (Treat deal to bring: people from Aus tralia to South America,' Mid this eats up a good deal of the capital of the association. That is the greatest difficulty at present, and we ehall have to rough it for the first year anyhow. It is especially hard on married -people with young children now, but in a few months We expect to have more com; forts and conveniences than are possible at the start." In another place he says:-" The life we lead at present is very rough and tumble, as might be expected by the pioneers. We have little variety of food, and have no chance of 'home comforts' yet awhile ; but we have enough to eat, and have to be content with what there »b." The climate (up to the middle of - October) was very like that of Southern Queensland, and the soil fertile and well watered. An industrious and harmonious body of settlers may, therefore, come out right in time; bat the natives, who understand the situation better than the new arrivals, "take things awfully easy, and knock off work every day from 11 till 2." Mr. Macaamara does not write in the gushy style that was characteristic of the party before they left Sydney. The settlement '* may not go ahead bo well or so fast as we hope, but we believe it will turn out riirht in the long run. Anyhow; it will be an advantage to wait awhile before you nuke up .your mind, as the crops (and food supplies generally) will be more likely to meet our requirements after twelve months or so than in less time. It is easier to break up a home than to make a new one in a foreign counter, and I would not like to advise anyone to do so till I felt sure that I could do ,60 with a clear conscience. We have hod unforeseen difficulties to contend with, and I do not think the road will be easy to travel on for six or twelve months more." This soberly-written letter, by a man who wants to hope the best, should warn the venturesome persons impatient to follow that they need not hurry ; but we dare say the scheme is being pushed for a reason that may be extracted from Mr. Macuamara's remark about the "eating up of the capital." More members are wanted in order that there may be more funds, the money saved out of the after batches going to make up the heavy expends incurred on the first voyage. It is good news to hear, at a time when we are told that the world is going to ruin for lock of gold, that Matabeleland is the coming quartz-field of the world. Mr. Archibald Colquhoan, a distinguished member of the Indian civil service, and a great traveller, read a paper before the Colonial Institute on November 28, describing the Mashonaland and Matabeleland plateau. If he has not been over the ground himself he knows who to quote. Mr. Frank Mandy, whom he cites as an authority, asserts that Matabeleland proper " will prove the largest and richest gold-field the world has ever seen." The Matabele, in his time (1839), had never allowed any search for gold, "but the signs which greet the traveller's notice all tend to prove the wonderful mineral wealth here locked up-the immense waves of pro mising quartz which seam the country cut ting through the Boft soapy slate, the num berless old workings to be fonnd in every direction, and the inability of some of the reefs to hide their gold from the prying though cautious gaze of the white man." Mr. Mandy is also quoted as reporting that a reef carrying visible gold runs right through Buluwayo, which, until Lobengula's flight, was the head-quarters of the Mata bele. In another direction is very promising alluvial country. "The neighbourhood of the Amazoe River and its tributary streams is a veritable El Dorado. I have seen igno rant natives, with the rudest appliances and practically no knowledge of gold-working, wash lance quantities of gold from the sur face soil." Of course it has long been known that the country of the Mashonas and the Matabele is auriferous; in fact, there are workings so old that Mr. Theodore Bent believeB that the gold carried to Solomon by the Queen of Sheha came from them. Some mining is now going on in the Tati territory, which lies due south of Mata beleland, and is under British protection. But until the ownership of the land which Lobengula has fled from is settled it iB impossible any "rash" can take place. The chartered company or the Cape Govern ment will probably lay claim to the con quered area, and fix the conditions under which settlers will be admitted and mining allowed* At present the country is " wild." It is abundantly watered, and its elevation above sea level makes the climate pleasant* though it is $11 within the tropics, and several hundred miles from the coast As the chartered oompany has spent a million sterling in ocoupying the territory which was raided by the Matabele, and in driving that predatory Taoe out of the district alto gether and across the Zambesi, it is pretty certain to look to the gold mineB for the means of paying its shareholders the high dividends they are expecting. As yet the auriferous ground has only been reported on by the writers ot interesting bookB of travel, and the practical miner has not been there to see.how far the poetry of Claude Melnotte squares with the facta. It is as far from Cape Town as Haghenden is from Mel bourne, and about the same distance from the nearest coast that Hughenden is from; Brisbane, with a wide strip of Portuguese territory, practically all bush, cutting it off from the ocean. Even by way of Natal and Johannesburg the journey is fully 1,000 miles. The story how Mrs. Rachel Elizabeth Cullener, widow, came to marry Sophia NewlandB, spinster, as''told in the Cban cery suit before Mr. Justice Chitty, is unique. If the narratives of the parties to the contrast ace to be believed, the wed ding took place In order to defeat creditors and protect a treat estate from seizure. Mrs: Cullener was widow of Mr. Ii. S. Cullener, who died ift 1853, leaving property in London. The widow was to receive the life interest until she married again. She became surety for bet eon-in-law (Clarke), who failed, and to avoid having to pay she changed her name and sex by calling herself Henry Neville Smith and wearing men's clothing. The creditors stopped her from receiving the rents, and to outwit them it was arranged that some one supposed to be Mrs. Cullener' should marry, and thus bring about the forfeiture of the life interest. Miss Newlands, then staying with Mrs. Cullener, after some persuasion, agreed to call herself Rachel Cullener, while the widow, who was then wearing men's clothes as a regular custom, called herself James Stanley, Stanley, she explained to the courts being a better sounding name thau Smith. The marriage took place on October 17, 1866, and the parties lived together, as they had previously been doing, until 1883. When Cullener died in 1853 there were 6ons and daughters, and it is since these grew up that family quarrels have arisen and the strange story been brought to light. The plaintiff in the suit is Mrs. Emma Lonisa Clarke, widow of the man Mrs. Cullener went surety for. She asserts that no such wedding as that of one woman with another took place, but that her mother was the bride, and a real man the bridegroom. At the same time she admits her mother dressed like a man, and no one seems to have ever seen any man named Stanley The other side assert, that Mrs. Clarke is no better than she should be, and two of her own children-the eldest daughter and eldest BOH -swear that four of their so- called brothers and sisters are the offspring of illegitimate alliances formed by their mother alter Bhe parted frcm her husband. They seem to have been altogether a strange lot, for it is Mrs. Clarke, the daughter, who contradicts Mrs. Cullener, the mother, and Mrs. Moltz and Frederick Clarke, the grandchildren, who say their mother is a woman of frail reputation, and that the father of one of her illegitimate children was her great uncle. The age of the woman who impersonated the bridegroom in 1866 is now 74. How old the bride is the report of the trial does not state, but she must be a good age now, as it is 27 years since the ceremony. One of the witnesses called to identify Mrs. Cullener said, " 1 know Mr. Smith," and it seems he knew " Mr. Smith" in 1868. The court re served judgment on two questions-what sort of marriage took place in 1866, and are Mrs. Clarke's younger children legitimate or otherwise? The present age is pre-eminently scientific -one, that is, in which science is being extended in every direction, and its methods and results brought home to the popular mind more assiduously than at any former time. Yet it is probable that never before have there been so many persons who take an interest in the mysterious and the marvel lous. Ghosts, dreams, warnings, hypnotism, | clairvoyance, telepathy, divination are studied with more zeal and earnestness than ever, not only' by the ignorant, but by men of learning, and in some cases of science. Mr. Andrew Lang, the well-known litterateur, has recently drawn attention to the interesting fact that all these alleged wonderful phenomena are to be found in the folk-lore and popular superstitions of primitive races, and crop up from time to time in different ages and among peoples in various stages of civilisation. In his last article on this subject, in the Contemporary Rtvie\p for December, Mr. Lang makes a few remarks as to the meaning and significance of this singular recurrence of extraordinary or supernatural manifestations. While pointing out that "The atigekok (Eskimo medium) who claims possession of a tornak (spirit), the witch who believes she has a familiar spirit, the magistrate who barns her for having one, the modern medium with hiB 'control,'are all in the primitive animistic stage of philosophy with the seers of hallucinations who believe in ghosts," he suegestB that because certain carious facts such as those relating to mesmerism or hypnotism have been pretty clearly esta blished, the other alleged marvellous facts may also be on the eve of proof and general acceptance. As he puts it-" The chief reason for believing that an accepted extension ot human faculty may be imminent is this-a certain set of phenomena long laughed at, but always alleged to exist, has been ac cepted, conseqnently the still stranger pheno mena-uniformly said to accompany those now welcomed within the acientiOc fold may also have a measure of fact as a basis for the consentient reports." To other per sons it may seem that the resemblance be tween the alleged modern manifestations and the old folk-lore tales and super stitions is rather a reason for rejecting the new than for accepting the old marvels. How, it may be asked, is it that in Bpite of the antiquity and generality of the belief in these wonders, their existence is still not recognised by the scientific world and by those who are concerned in the administra tion of the-iaw? The reason seems to be this, that whereas the facts of science admit of being tested at any time and under different conditions, the marvels of the medium or wonder-worker cannot be so put to the proof. They are erratic and uncertain, and no one can say under what conditions they will oocur, while they have a strange habit of evading the trained investigator of evidence. Facts of this class must necessarily be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to prove. Contrast the history of electricity with that of mesmerism. The systematic investigationof both phenomenastartedsome where about the middle of the lost century. Franklin's experiments have, as everyone knows, had the most splendid results. The science of electricity has gone on growing ever since, one discovery leading to another, and revolutionising almost every branch of | physical science and many'departments of social life. Mesmer'a experiments have had , no sqch consequences. Although foe over a [ century mesmerism has been investigated by a succession of able and zealous inquirers, our knowledge of the subject is little more advanced than it was in Mesmer's time, and has been of scarcely any value to mankind. The history of science affords little encourage* ment to Mr. Lang's belief in the future exten« sion of. human faculty in this direction. Without actually denying the possibility, or even the reality, of some of the, wonders he has recorded, there seems ample justification for refusing belief in manifestations of this class, until they conform to'the canonB of evidence required by the man of science and the courte of law. 