,f The Times " on Anglican Orders. In the course of an article dealing with a discussion on Anglican . Orders, which has been occasioned by Cardinal Vnnghan's address on the reunion of Christendom the London "Times" But did Archbishop Parker ever sup pose that he was ordained in the Roman Catholic sense of the word, and that he thereby received, and could pass on to others, the supernatural powers which Cardinal Yaughan claims as attendant ou ordination ? Or can a Church which declares in its Articles that the 8aceifices of Masses were blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits be thought to assert for its ministers the sacrificial functions which it thus expressly repud iates ? The English Church, we must conclude, vecognizes no such person as a priest in the sacerdotal sense, nor any such part of the Church ministry as is involved in the sacrifice of the Mass. Hooker is very explicit on this point, His words are < " Wherefore to pass by the name, let them use what dialeot they will, whether we call it a priest hood, a presbytership, or a ministry, it skillethnot; although, in truth, the wori presbyter doth seem more fit, and in propriety of speech more agreeable, than priest with the drift of (he whole Gospel of Jesus Christ. For what are they who embrace the Gospel but sous of God ? What are Churches but his families ? Seeing, therefore we receive the adoption and state of sons by their ministry whom God hath chosen out for that purpose, seeing also that when we are the sons of God our continuance is still under their care which were our progenitors, what better title could there be given them than the reverend name of presbyters or fatherly guides The Holy Ghost throughout the body of the New Testament, making so 'much mention of them, doth not anywhere call them priests." But we must con fess that these references, conclusive as they must appear as to the miad of the Church of England, will not satisfy everybody. With the Oxford Mo.ement there lira spruug up1 a party in the Church which claims, and believes it lo possess, the title which Hooker puts aside as improper and unwarranted, and the full powers which Cardinal Vaugh- an states as consequent ou true ordina tion, and which performs the ministerial duties in the closest possible accordance with the theory professed. It is to these, and to these only, that Cardinal Vaughnn's doubts will come home. It rests with them to defend the position which they have taken up, and to find means to reconcile it as thev best can with the general voice of tha Church, officially and unofficially pro nounced. The stronghold is in New man's Tract 90, aud in the line of de fence which it suggest?. We have no wish to drive liiein from it, for we can ill spare meu of such high personal char acter and such devotion to theirduties as many of them are Bat they must not complain if "n Ordinary Layman" and his like regard their claims and their practices" sometimes with iriitu- tion, but always wiihcoutempt,'' 