LOOKING BACKWARD M Retrospect of Victoria during 1893— The Political Monetary. Social Commercial and Industrial Happenings cf the past Year— The Progress of Mining. Agriculture Pastoral Pursuits and Manufactures— , Chats with the Representatives ot Australia's Staple Pursuits — "Agrieola on New Methods of Farming — The "Economist" argues on the Finaneia Condition the Province— The Record el the Morgue. Copyright— The Federal Association of Journalists J The year 1S93 has undoubtedly proved to the pessimist much that his carping soul delights in, for in good truth little has obtained towards the improvement or extrication from the slough of despondency and consequent jt , «lppr#»ccmn with which it was ushered in. Revelations of fraud, chicanery, in TOtten commercial and financial institutions have been common, and the pens of the diurnal and hebdomadal scribes have been pushed -along at high-pressure speed in their efforts — lo record the rottcness of those institutions in which thousands had trusted. Commercial tjuid vuncs ambiguously advised their friends ihat such- and-such a bank would be the next to go, and their prognostications, unfortu nately, proved only too true. _ The busy haunts of men ' were peopled with victims of the financial crisis, and deluded or dilatory shareholders were met with anxious faces . burning along to the banks they were interested in to find the doors closed. The torrent of indignation became turgid, public meeting were held, afiairs discussed, depositors and shareholders, in man instances, were bewildered by the array of figures presented to them either upon printed sheets or delivered ore rotundo. But dissatis- Auction was paramount. Accountants of long-standing and experience were called noon to explain their views of the situation, and chaos almost came again at least so far as mathematical questions were concerned. Persons in high places were openly accused of fraud, arrests followed, preliminary hear ing, trials (the latter in some cases bringing the iraduJcnt delinquents to terms ot im prisonment), whilst in other instances, the law's delay was decidedly conspicuous, and it was not until after protracted Police Court proceedings that anything approaching the functions of magisterial ruling was correctly arrived at. It yet remains to be decided by the higher authorities what course justice will take in her endeavours to hcet home fraud and corruption to those directly accused. It is still a matter of wonder that many directors immediately con- concerned in the working of the several banks which collapsed are not placed upon their trial to account for their stewardship. \\\ hy in their position of trust, direction and responsibility, were they not seized of the fact of their individual banks being in an unsound condition, and above the Piimsoll mark, so to speak, of safety and solvency. The scheme of re- construction was flaunted in the eyes of the deluded depositors, many df whom did not know the meaning of the term so much so that when the bans re opened their doors the ignorant ones stormed the managers' offices, and implored, with a.l the persuasive eloquence at their command, for an instant return of their moneys. Of course their requests were cot acceded to, and they withdrew invoking vengeance and anathematising the authors of their undoing. And they were bv no means to blame. 1 here were many shareholders and favored depositors who bad received large overdraws and thereby depleted the coffers of capitals ajjjUie fi«'<ijfnip;ns4almQst lntacttc ere placed in. \ In a word, the reckless Allowance of overdrafts was at the bottom of the suspension. Sir Fuddlesby Hoodwink, the Hon. Dicdlcm Takedown, Throwsby Dustineyes, Esq.. and others of their ilk, appeared in circulars, advertisements, balance-sheets and .press reports as chairman and members of the boards of directors and shareholders, and the muttons represented by the public swallowed all the soft fodder purveyed to them. At last the supply gave out through -the inquisitiveness and dubiety of the English shareholders, and a very bad attack of com mercial indigestion was the result. Matters having reached a critical point political influence, with the sanction of the Acting- Governor, intervened, and on Sunday, 30th April, a Government Gazette was issued, pro claiming fivedays' holiday for the banks with the view of allaying the publip panic. This action on the part of the Government was diversely criticised during the following day, 1st May, and there occurred some exciting scenes in Collins-street, altogether unique in The history of the Australias. The suspended and re-coustructing banks at this time were the English, Scottish ahd Australian Chartered, The London Chartered, The -Standard and National were partially open for the receipt of money and trust accounts. The Commercial was to have re-opened but .remained dosed in obedience to the Govern- jnent proclamation. Of the six remaining iianks of issue, four, viz., The Bank of New South Wales, the Victoria, the City and Colonial also acted in accordance with the Government notification and remain closed. The Bank of Australasia and the Union Bank, however, apparently opposed the edict -and opened transactions in all business that was legally possible. On the Tuesday following the Bank of New South Wales followed suit, and on the Wednesday the Colonial Bank and the City Bank -collapsed, followed on the 9th by the Bank of Victoria after forty years' business. The VilJ Ud(i& IUI Uii UIC W" 17th, when its doors were closed and at the end of January tbe Federal Bank joined the throng. The English press had likewise condemned the action of tbe Victorian Government in proclaiming these holidays, and as previously remarked, dissatisfaction "was rampant among all those emmeshed in the fipaiyMal net. The only allurement held out was a promise to pay in five years time, -when more than probably the only result will be a bigger smash than that just experienced. We have plunged in i« edias res into the chief waiiQP of the year's dire depression without xegard to strict chronological order in. the relation of matter from the commencement €ft 1893. On the 4th of April the Com- snerdal Bank suspended payment on the 1 2th the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank succumbed, and on tbe 25th the London Chartered Bank gave rip the ghost ; the Standard, which in 1892 had been forced to accept he inevitable, was driven to the same extremity on the 28th of April ot thk year; and the following day saw the suspension of the National Bank. Leaving suspended banks to revert to other financial institutions it is refreshing to reflect that Colonial Life Assurance Societies safe advancing steadily and securing a strong hold upon the confident of the community. Certainly large bonuses are an alluring halt, but when it is considered that the best sfHrirtirs have carefully considered the advantages of an accumulated bonus scheme to policy holders, fair praise must be accorded to them. Premising that death should occur within twenty-five years of date of assurance, If the' premiums are paid tip tiie sum assured is in addition returned and the new pension scheme in view of the zmy of bank suspensions we quoted and dilated upon as a- preliminary or preface to tisti retrospect, should absolutely commend Itself to the consideration of all who wish jo be secure in the went of evil times t falling upon them. In short there Is no possible assurance but mutual assurance and the best cf mutual assurance is with thos£ companies whose assets are on the spot. Thte Mutual of Victoria which has evidently pro fited by tbe disastrous experiences of fallen financial institutions and bettered the instruc tion by evolving safe and secure advantages for all annuitants. Its management is "in the know/' concerning Australian monetary matters far more so than any foreign Assurance. Society officers, hence there can be no two opinions concerning the choice of institution with which to Transact life Assurance. This particular society on its last annual distribution of bonuses did so from a fund of over £1.000000 the cash value of which exceeded £500,000. In the preceding year 1892, 12.5S5 new policies were issued for assurances, amounting to £3,791/221. the new annual income from premiums being £126,014. The funds now amount to £11.32S.44S. And passing from Life Assoraoce to death, which is not an abrupt transition, the opening of the new ye.it w as marked by Ihe decease of the Chief Jtu-tLrc of Victoria, Mr. Geo. Biginbotbam, who bad expired ou the last day of the old year. In life he bad been a consistent and uncotnpromiMiig democrat. Be had lived for forty jeavs in Victoria, and during an active and busy Ieral, political, and journalistic career, the only reward for public duties performed he. looked for was from the people. Be declined knighthood, but he received with undituUed aiipr- elation the vote of thanks tendered by IV.fiament fcr the stupendous fe>sk he had performed, that of consolidating the Victorian Statutes. Be died of lo art disease, brcnalit oti by overwork, at the age of 6C. Aocotding to his express enjo:ned during the last ten y< ars of his life bo was to be buiicd privately, which act was performed much to tbe ditApDuiutxueut of the whole community, by whom he was revered and h-ved for bis amiability, devotion to duty, and his con- achntious adherence to principles he thought just and right. Continuing the obituary record for the year, if may be recoided that ou tho 17th of January, Dr. Th»«. I'.mbkug. Member legislative Council, departed this li.e- lie bad been an early advocate lt»r the Emht Hour movement, the 1 sods' Transfer Act, and also protective duties. By cable from England it was learnt ihiu James D.« Culloch - who had once bora a mwt power ful political iactor in Victoria hau died « n the Ulst January, at Well, Surr< y, in his sevwnty- foutth year. Be was Vr' mier of the colony on tour different occasions. In March, Matthew Lani.', ex -mayor of Melbourne, who bad filled the mayoral chair W.t tUr«<s succes-sivc years died. E. L. Meinfeld, MX C., died at Adelaide, S.A., on Sunday tnoTniiur, Ibth April. In the fo' lowing mouth David 1'obtrt Wyllie. member icr .North Melbourne, in the J cgislative Assembly and Labour Pony advorate. d?cd of syn«-©i>e of the heart, i-npervi nif»g an attack of paralysis, at the early age of 36. Wm. i 'car.1 on. M.J-.C. for the Eastern Province, died luth August. The probate du-y paid in this estate added, largely to the pub'ic revenue.. Ihc property detai cd in the la' e gentleman 'e will and liable to tiie payment of duty was sworn at £205.013. upon which £20o6l was jid as duty. Turtbeimore the property comprised to settlements liable to duty, was staled at £42,176, upon which £1900 was paid. The duty paid in all lotal'ed £'22551. Among the real estate was Kilmmy Turk, tbe well- known sheep station, near Rescdalc. James Campbell, Minister of foblic Instruction and Commissioner of Custcm>, died ou Saturday, 10th Sep- ember, of cancer, after unny week's of terrible suffering. Tbe Government offices were closed at noon on the 3 Stli io>t, as a token of respect for the deceased. At Bendigo on the same day another vehrau Parliamentarian, 1'obert Burrowes, M L.A, passed away. He had been electa! altog.-i her elevtn times, and his Parlhuuen lary cx- piriifiob extended over twenty -seven years.' On 1 tnwdi»y, --rd October Bobert E. Wallan, rL-. -| I, jT'if Iff land, Ss.Z,. of paralysis.- Another known- and esteemed colonist the Plow Kane whose Victorian, career had betJ| honored and lengthy, died at Brighton, dn 1 1th November. T Now odco more pass we on to the affairs of the living. In January a successor to the late Geoige Higinbotham was looked about for, and it was thought that Justice Williams would be offered the appointment. However, the upshot of the matter was that Mr. tihiels, ihe then Premier and Attorney- General, together with his colleagues, invited Dr. Madden to accept that office, which he did. Parliament alter a short Cbiistmas vacation re assembled on 10th January, with Mr. ShieTs at ike head of affairs. The political barometer at about this time was pointing to equally weather, and on the 17th, Mr. Patterson, the present Premier, tabled a want of confidence motion. On the 18th, t he Shiel's Government was defeated by forty- five votes to forty-two, after a debate which was the shortest on record. On 20th January Mr. Patterson out of the material placed at his disposal formed a Ministry which w»s constituted as follows : — J. B. Patterson Premier, Chief Secretary and Minister of Railways ; G. D. Carter, Treasurer ; Bryan G'Logblen, Attorney- General ; Mr. Isaacs, Solicitor-General: Mr. M'Coll Minister of Mines and Water Supply; Mr. M'lntyxe, Lands. Mr. Campbell, Education :.nd Customs ; Sir. Webb, Public Works and Agriculture; Mr. R. Beid, Minister for Defends ; Mr. A . Wynne, Postmaster- General. On the 1st of Pehruaiy, Mr. Patterson unfolded the Ministerial pro gramme at Castlemair.e, and met with a warm demonstration. On the 7th of February Mr. Patterson was returned fcr Castiemaine having been opposed by Mr. Francis Lcng- rnore. Mr. Patterson scored heavily, the voting majority being generally about two to one. Parliament re-assembled on Hth February. On the l6tli a board of enoiy eat to try and discover the whereabouts of the mi-slug mace, which had been myeterioinJy stolen from tbe Bouses of Parliament. Their efforts were fruitless, however and the bauble still remains undiscovered. The board, at any rate, discovered where the mace had not been, and a chorus of "our honor is vindicated,9 headed by Speaker Bent, aio.«e. Parliament was prorogued on 3rd March by the Administrator of the Government and re-opeued on 28th June, when the main features presented wtre : the Retrenchment Scheme, whereby the permanent expenditure of the province could be reduced £800,000 oc £900,000 a your; the policy of additional taxation to bring up the jevenaa stdcwtitf--; \- the seat year level with ihat yearls expendi ture ; a scheme of land acd village netttanent to provide adequately for -the people getting "luck to the land,3' which belongs to them, anyhow. The railway revenue See the financial year up to 3uth Jane 1893, was £2,933,412, and retrenchment caused a saving in the working expenses of about £3Gl\U»-0. The Treasurer's Budget Speech was read on Wednesday 19th July, and the method by winch he proposed to make his revenue cover . expenditure in the balance-sheet was thus : — Estimated revenue, 1893-94 £7.343,147 Kew taxation M M ... 370,000 £7,919,147 Estimated expenditure, 1893-94 72390 Surplus ou the year ... £296,258 In the merry month of Hay a political crisis arose out of the Mercantile- Bank prosecutions Mr. Isaacs, the SeHcitor-Geaeral disagreed with Biyan G'Lcghlen's verdict, as Attorney- General with regard to nolle prosequi The upfchot was that Mr. Isaacs retired from the Cabinet. Later on be west before his constituents at Bcechwurlh who received inm with acclamation, and be was retained - unopposed to bis seat In the Houfce. It must not be forgotten daring the month ou January Mr. £. G.' Fxtzgibbon dainniaof the' Metropolitan Hoard of Laxid and Works 1 and itinrrsnt - vesatinaktr, returned fem - London, -wbither be bad voyaged to float a ' loan of £2,000,000. Febrnary 1st Mr. Jamefl Monro the late Agent-General for the colony, and a leading teetotaller and coffe palace promoter, filed bis shedtile showing a deficiency of £50,106. Farther retrench ment was started in ihe Public .Service during this month. v . On 9th March, the Anglo-Anstralian Bank Criminals were found gmSy and sentenced to various terms of imprisonment. In this month also the Mercantile Bank prosecutions began and after probaeted hearings at tbe lower courts Matthew Davies and Frederick Millidge were committed for trial for con spiracy on Friday, I2tb May. On tbe 27th insu Matthew and Mm- Danes sailed by the German mail steamer Salter for Colombo but eventually he returned to tbe province in company with Detective Whitney, who bad been'sent on his tracks. On the 29th of the same month application for a Grand Jury was made and adjourned It was reviewed on the oCth and granted. Subsequently a true bill was found by the grand jury against tbe two accused, bat when in August the proceedings were called on in the higher court, the accused were discharged, and the presentment quashed on tbe grounds that an alien consti tuted one cf the grand jury, and as each was ineligible as a juror. Proceedings were com menced de novo in spite of legal blockaders and the accused were once more committed for trial, which if all goes well will come on tins year. ' ' The sweating evil was brought under the notice of the Premier by a large deputation, under the auspices of the 'Protection and liberal Federal League who waited on that gentleman on ISth April. Their mission was to bring under his notice the existence of the above-named evil in factories. So far as tbe clothing trade is concerned this' evil is to a ceitain extent brought about by the restric tions of the Factories Act, which under one of its conditions provides for 550 cubic feet of space in each factory or workshop. This has proved ruinous to small employers, end the consequence is that Jew sweateis who employ Europen labor, r ceive the work from tbe limited tradesmen. The majority of master tailors have now only small rooms for tbey argue that they cannot or will not comply with the Ac. Tbe registration fee is saved for one thing, and further those whom the trade dub w Inquisitive Inspectors" are eluded. Then the masters do not care about tbking on apprentices of either sex as a doctors certificate is required as to their physkial condition. The latter requirement also acts as a barrier to a poor man with several children whom he may be desirous of apprenticing for each certificate costs ha|f-a- crown. Ihe sum may seem small but it is required for actual necessaries. The inspectors aie not stringent enough in their action towards employers in the matter of an allowance of a permit for overtime. This causes overcrowding in the workrooms at busy times. If the inspector does find fault then the employer discharges several hauds and gives out the work to sweaters and so the State unwittingly aids and abets tbe evil. Not long ago in one large leading firm the presseis were offered the privilege of workiug piecework for one busy week. Twenty per cent- was to be taken off their wages for tills privilege, but the men didn't see it, for they found they could only have worked their usual quantum had they been on their weekly wage. It may be asked why the employers demanded the 20 per cent, concession. The auswer is that tbe maoager of the ' making- np " department received a bonus and pocket the sum he bled the workers of. But throughout the clothing trade business has been daU and the bouses in Fliuders-laue have received a notification "w home that the credit nystem will iifa ' uted to \ four months only. fesemen \will have to trise customers. Under Ving is calico it !tS8I?S .verage for the ye3F would have fallen to the figures -were 2443 faSBelHHoytmr 49319 at an estimate.' 