jyiSTBWT OOUNCEL OVER- DRAFTS. IF all district coun sil finances were investigated by a cast-iron auditor, without any relations or bowels of compassion, or other impediments to stern impartiality, there would in some cases be curious disclosures, liut the thing that would astonish even th&t; bowelless individual most would be the hardness of the creditors who ad vance, the money to tide councils over hard times. Before an overdraft can be obtained a guarantee has to be given by not less than three and often by the whole number of members in the Council. This bond makes each man personally responsible for the whole amount of the overdraft, not only during his term of office as a councillor, but may even after its expiry remain in force, and leave liini open as a private individual to the rush of the corporate Shylock. A fair proportion of councillors cheerfully attach their signatures to the document in the full knowledge that they have nothing to lose except their reputation, which no reliable bank would seize ; others do so having blind faith in their ability to skirmish out of the responsibility before ruin falls upon their district; and others again persist in regarding the guarantee as a species of iniquity with which it is advisable to have nothing whatever to do. No one has yet been openly grabbed by any bank in this colony on account of his district's overdraft, but one or two have come so close to that contingency that they. Iiave only breathed freely when they saw a new paper filled in with other solvent names besides their own on it. There is no justification for this peculiar style of business, except perhaps that a creditor is entitled to take as much security as he can possibly get under the circumstances and a little over to meet contingencies. If it can be justified on other grounds than this, then it is a fair thing to ask that the representative of an electorate who goes into parliament should go bail for the national debt, and give security for the payment of interest on that unwieldly liability. There is only a difference in degree, as has been pointed out before, between the position of a district representative and a member of the state legislature, a'fid the responsibility placi d on the one should be placed on the other. One proposition which has been seriously discussed is th&t; each councillor sliofild take iipon himself to guarantee only his proportion of the overdraft, leaving the bank to deal as it pleased with the remainder. This system would undoubtedly be more near to justice than that at present in existence, but there is one objection to it which closes it oht. It would make only two classes of representatives possible. Under, 'the existing system an hoiicst man who has nothing may go into the council "sand delude .him self with the . notionthat- he. is only failed on as a member of a corporation to find security for a debt in common with other members. Under that proposed lie wonld be called 011 to. face a* distinct personal liubiliiy. The result would be that councillors would be drawn from -.hose who had sufficient to pay np in case of accident, and those who ti%»re;dish0nest enqnjg|i "tojl^ahd surety forja-SeW which fiiey haⅈ'rtli ghost of a chance "to pay when called on. Coun-. .cillirs have, in cases, ks has been stated, been threatened with or put to inconvenience over/the o verdraft before now. so that there is real objection to Hie demand pade/on representatives. If 110 sfteh tase had happened and.iro danger existed that the (creditor would ever drop on the guarantors, there would be no need for disi-ftssion on ilie subject, but at the saWd'time there would be no need- for th£ guarantee anj a useless foivnality might well jbp abolished. TlBere is one other curjGns feature of „e advances^fjnoney madfri)*' banks toi district cbuncjlfi, which wilHstan&a;, tittle morfe light. •Tliejcentral gofernmentlias |it allstimes on deposit with rate-banks a sum which is sufficiemt to liquidate the whole amount of district council overdrafts throughout the colony. The interest Teceiv-ad by the Country for this money is not more than 4 per ecnt Councils pay for interest on their overdrafts at the rate of seven and a half qier cent. District councils arc as much a part of the government of the c-ountry as the central government itself, therefore. their position amounts to this, that they are lending money to 4 party at four per cent., borrowing it froui the same party at seven' sand a half per ccnt., and aye asked into the bargain to-give double security to that- parly for i£s repayment. The country which.carries alohg on such a grotesque sort of finance is apparently only goiug b.dd-lieaded towards the time when some strong-minded Hebrew from London will put the baliffs into its railways, post-offices, roads, commonages, and national works generally; and the institution which has the frosty impertinence to attempt to justify the lending of money on such terns to those from whom it borrows the same deserves to be put in a s casC. If the Assets, on which advances are made drC good enough security, councils Are asking no more than their right if thfey Acquire either that banks should fiirnish t-liCm with funds to meet contingencies at a rate of interest which would pay for handling what are m reality their oflm funds, or that they should receive money on the same terms as are granted tb the centrdl government. If the assets Are riot sufficient to cover advances then they should have no overdraft. And furt\er, lddking at the whole question in the light of this latter paragraph one is more convinced than ever of the truth of the saying of the great Napoleon " that any fool can be a government," and is inclined to add that any fool can be a bank, provided that lie gets a fool of a government or a district council to deal with. THE MILLICENT AND TAXTAXOOLA COURSING CLUB.—This club iiiterids, if possible, to arrange another meeting to be held on the day preceeding the A., H., P. Society's show, on October. 31st. Nominators will be asked to enter for a sweep of 10s. 6d., with a qualification of 5s, and it is expected that a large number of entries will be received. We have been requested on behalf of the club to thankfully acknowledge the receipt of donations of £i Is. from Mr. Geo. Riddoch, M.P., and 10s. 6d. from Mr. W. G. Sucker. SPOET.—In order to settle a little dispute which arose out of the recent coursing meeting as to superiority of dog fleshy a match was arranged for last Wednesday between Mr. S. C. Lock's Waitress and Mr. Geo." Serle's Brindle. The ground chosen was the Honeysuckle Flat, and a wager of £1 was put up by each owner. The firstcourse was un decided, aiid the second" was given in favor of Waitress by the judge with four points to the good. On the third course the dogs refused to shift, and the rivals have agreed to settle the matter on some future occasion. The sport, so far as the coursing was concerned, was not of a high grade, but Mr. Frank Boneham attempted to throw some life into the meetiug by showing the sports how to take a wire fence on horseback. The wire fence eventually took Mr. Bonehani, and folded him serenely on the ground with his horse on top. No serious injury resulted from the exhibition, but the crowd could not prevail on the performer to repeat the experiment. SPRAYING FRUIT TREES.—Those who have not yet attended to this matter should do so at once. It has been proved over and over again that it $avs, both as to increased yield and improved quality of fruit. The msthod is siniple and the mixture for the purpose easy tb make. Pamphlets containing. all instructions, published by A. & W. Dobbie, makers of the well-known ^spraying machines, can be had free of charge from the publishing office of this paper. BUTTER EXPORT.—According to a return published by D. & J. Fowler, the total imports of butter into the United Kingdom in 1893 totalled in value nearly £13,000,000. Of this Denmark contributed tlie largest proportion of nearly half, France coming next with about onequarter of the supply. Among British possessions Victoria heads the list with ^547,178 value, and South Australia is away down in a small corner with £9,615. The quality of South Australian produce shipped last year will, however, probably have the effect of largely increasing the figures this year, and the stringency of tte tests imposed by ' Mr: Ebdy will guirantee that what market is made "will be qiakitain d- if the. supply is; assured. So far, the general opinion, as shown by the conference 1 of dau-ying company repres mtatives held in Adelaide on the 13th, is in favor of the raised standard adopted in the butter export-department,- although some of the members ipresent were "decide 1 ; 1 s ! edly against the* lfiore. PORK-EXPORT.—The result of a trial shipment of* pork made-by Mr. R. Campbell to Mauritius is just to. baud, _jmd hardly promises more cheerful things than ^tpring ^r ilionjei.uiarkejts.! The ; weight of meat per cask was about twp hundredweight* 1 and' the price realised was 76 rupees per cask or something over £4. Thfe hill of charges on the Mauritius end is as horrifying as a lawyers bill of costs, and with freight brings down the riett proceeds to £4 14s. 9d. The advice states that " the pork" appeared to be. of, fair quality hut not so good as that received from America, the meat being too pale in ; ACCIDENT.—On Monday last a very old resident of the district met with a nasty accident. . Mr. Bpehrj senr., who had only just recovered, from an,attack of Influenza, fell over air armchair while moving about in liis housed and hrote two of his rib§. Owing to the advanced ^age of the patient—li6 is 84' gears. injury threaWied to be! series,' But|ug(tkthe care of ftr. . Bennett he is well on tlie xoad.t» re?bvery.- - . ; r T ~ KITE ^yinjj 1 • inal^r among the childteii 6f the public scliool willydbe hel^n --one- dayf o £ iwxt^week" probably either on Tuesday or Thureday' as the weatiier amy permit P ^ MILUCE^T SO'CIAI..—The promoters of the l&st; Millicent social were so well satisfied with their attempt to please the public; and have received so many requests to go through the same performance again that jthey liave decided ^to hold another/on Wednesday evening, September 26th. Dr. Bennett, Messrs. W. T. Scott, F; Meischel, ThosI McCourt, P. Sutherland, S. Martin,' and G. D. E. Plunkett are the names set down on the committee list, and Messrs J; J. Osntan and F„ Gross, who piloted the last afiEair successfully, are the lion, secretaries on* this occasion also. Over 100 invitations have been issued, and the committee have apparently come to the conclusion c that* the privilege (^E )payiiig ; for. extra ladyfs tickets Will induce-the masculine gender to turn up in greater force than formerly. This'is the 6hly variatioh in the progrannne, and it Is td be hoped that its only -effect will be to niake Jthe i present function more"pleasant if possible than the last. CHANGE OF HOSTS.—^Consequent on the death of Mr. Aaroii Lane, who for so many years past has occupied the Bay View Hotel at Beacliport, Mrs. Lane has decided to leave that town, and will take np her residence at Taiitanoola. Mr. P. Riley, of Bobe, ha6 assumed charge of the hotel. ACCIDENT,—Mr. John Collett met with, a serious accident last Tuesday. While using a butcher's knife he gashed the fleshy part of his hand so deeply that one of the large veins was severed. He walked from his section, about two miles out on the Penola road, into Millicent, and was taken to Dr. Gribble to have the wound attended to. The injured man, who is severity years old, had lost so much blood. during the walk that after the wound had been dressed he collapsed, but is now progressing favorably. CALEDONIAN SOCIETY.—At the annual meeting of the Millicent Caledonian Society, held last Saturday evening, a large number of members attended, Mr. R. S. Slater apologised for the absence of the Chief (Mr. W. Sutherland, J.P.). who was unable to attend through illness. Mr. R. McDonald, who was voted to the chair, said he thought in the Chief's absence they should adjourn the meeting for a fortnight. It was the most important meeting of the year, and as Mr. Sutherland had always taken such a great interest in the society, he felt the least tliey could do would be to adjourn. Mr. W. T. Seott endorsed the Chairman's remarks, and proposed that the meeting adjourn till Saturday, 29th inst. Mr. W. Mclntyre seconded. — Carried unanimously. We are pleased to able tb report tliat Mr. Sutherland is much better, and hopes to be able to put in an appearance next Saturday evening. MR. GOOCH'S INSOLVENCY.—We have received from Mr. Robert Gooch a copy of petition to wliicli he asks the signatures of electors of Albert and Victoria. . The petition asks that a committee of enquiry shall be appointed by Parliament to enquire into his insolvency which occurred in 1877, and sets out, or leads brie to infer that a portion of Mr. Gooch's estate was smouched by some person or persons undefined, &nd; was irt consequence not distributed among his creditors. As th events into which enquiiy is asked were - happening just about the. date on which we were recovering from the infantile measles, we candidly admit that we remember nothing of them. Mr. J. J. Osman, however, who as a member of the House of Assembly, brought forward the ease in 1890, states that so far as lie knows there is nothing whatever in the trouble, and that after fullest research he abandoned it. If this is so we must say, lthough with every sympathy for Mr. Gooch, that he should be satisfied that he got liis little trouble over 18 years ago, and should take comfort out of the fact that many of the officials who were at that time connected with the Insolvency Court must at this late hour be as dead as banquet champagne. The petition is at this office for signature. PUBLIC SCHOOL INSPECTION.—The an nual inspection at the public school was begun on Monday last and concluded on on Wednesday. Messrs. Neill and Whitham were the examining inspectors, and 162 children out of a total number of 174 present were put through b.v the e lucr. • tional assay department. Eleven chil dren were hall-uiarked as having reached the compulsory standard, and 105 promotions were decided ou. The percentage attained was 71. This result is not looked on as so satisfactory as Would under iriore favorable circumstances have resulted, but a large proportion of those examined have only attended during the last six months. Mr. Donnelly, the headmaster, inducted a representative of the Titties into the mysteries of the educa tional system of the day and convinced him that although the department under which the present generation received instruction is the same, the system of education has altered considerably and altered' - -towards • improvement. The school closed yesterday for, one week AUCTION SALE.—Attention is called to sale of furniture and effects of Mir. Geisler wlio is-leaving this distaict. . Particulars will be found in. our advertising columns. We are oblige:! to hold over Pai-lia mentary Topics " from our Adelaide correspondent, an.I other matter. 