THE PULPIT AND POLITICS. TO THE EDITORS. Sirs,— The Rev. William Clarke in a ? somewhat lengthy paper published in your last issue, haB undertaken the task of ad ministering . a castigation to those of his brethren who do not tbink with him upon the above subject. No one will object to tb9 temperate expression of one's own opinions or his fair criticism of the opinions of others, but when he charges them with strance is but natural. Mr. Clarke does not mention any names, but, from several re ferences, it is clear that I am, at leapc, one of those whom he has taken it upon him self to rebuke. I make no apology for my address at the Centenary Hall and am pre pared to stand by every word I then uttered( though; as Mr. Clarke ought to know, a newspaper report of a few inches cannot possibly give anything like a fair idea of an address of thirty-five minutes in length. My critic, however, in his opening sentence starts off on the wrong track when he asks, ' Is it right to deal with party politics in the pulpit on a Sabbath afternoon ?' Who says it is ? I do not. And then he makes v the somewhat confident assertion that to refer to or, as he says, ' preach on' the ques tion of Land Reform 'is to introduce parts' politics into the pulpit. Permit me to say that I did not ' preach on Land Reform,' but in the course of my address made only a few references to the land laws in dealing with my text, Nehemiah v. 1-13. Perhaps I shall be pardoned if I venture to express my opinion that land reform is not a ques tion of ' party politics.' Mr. Clarke does not appear to see any distinction between 'politics' and 'party politics.' But he seems to object to any reference to political subjects, party or otherwise, on Sunday afternoon, and, no doubt, fancies he has made a point when he quotes the incident of the man who applied to Jesus, ' Master, speak to my brother, that he divide the in heritance with me,' and Christ's reply. ' Man, who made me a j udge or divider over you.' That incident, I maintain, does not in any sense support the statement that Jobus refused to take part in worldly affairs commonly called politics. Quite the oppo site. Jesus merely said in effect to the man, ' You have come to the wrong place for the settlement of your partnership affairs. I am not a Justice of the Peace, sitting in a Petty Debts Gouct. I am the Legislature. I am not an arbitrator, I am the Lawgiver. Go back to your brother and settle your disputes accordiag to this law, ' Take heed, and beware of covetousnesa,' which is only another rendering of the all comprehensive law, ' Do unto others as you would they should do unto you.' ' Those were the broad politics Christ preached everywhere and everywhen. But the gross unfairness*, if not wilful misrepresentation of which I complain iB that throughout Mr'. Clarke's paper there are imputations which are wholly unjustifiable. Take the following sentences as examples : ' Let us as min. isters be true aud steadfast to our traditions and doctrines ; ' ' Human souls need uo new provision ; ' ' The only truth used by the Holy Ghost in the conversion of sinners and the sanctification of believers is ' Christ Jesus who, of God, iB made unto us wis dom, righteousness, sanctification and re demption.' ' If Mr. Clarke charges me with being untrue to our traditions and doctrines, or suggesting any ' new pro vision ' fer human souls other than the ? Bread that cometh down from Heaven,' or preaching anything contrary to the state ment of the text last quoted, then I meet the charge, at present, with an emphatic and indignant denial. If Mr. Clarke says he did not refer to me in those poitions of his letter, then, seeing that his references to my address are so frequent, he ought in justice to me to have somewhat qualified his remarks. If he meant any other Methodist minister he ought to have said so ; if he did not then his article is for the most part ' sound and fury signifying nothing.' In one portion of his paper Mr. Clarke specifically refers to my address as reported in 8. M. Herald, and, after quotiug that report, says, ' Is not that paragraph worthy of those preaching dema gogues who seek the applause of the rabble. It is very, very sad that such sentences in these days of anarchy should be delivered, from any pulpit ' Passing over the Christian charity and brotherly courtesy of the questioner, 1- 1 us see what there is uu mm mini/ wisn, taking cue quotation, sentence by sentence. ' In civilised countries they found extreme wealth on the one hand and extreme poverty on the other, and to-day, as in olden times, there was a great cry of distress.' It is very, very sad that such a state of things should exist in any Christian 'country, but it is very, very true for all that, and, like many other sad and true things, needs sometimes, at least, to be pointed out from the Christian pulpit.1 Again, ' The great wealth on the one hand and the great poverty on the other, were driving the masses of the people to some thing bordering on desperation.' Is not this a fact ? And if so, where is the wisdom of closing one's eyes to it and saying noth ing about it, as Mr. Clarke would have us do ? ' How long it will go on he did not know ; he did not think it could go on to the end of the chapter.' Whac is there so very dreadful in that sentence ? ' Extreme wealth and extreme poverty were as two millstones grinding the masses of the population, and he believed it would end in such a cry being raised as would drive the upper stone out of place, or else shatter it to pieces.' This, Mr. Clarke says, is a 'perilous doctrine, not only dangerous but degrading to the sacred office.' It is not a ' doctrine ' at all, it is merely the use of a simile to represent a fact, and the expression of an opinion as to what is likely to happen unless some steps are taken to avoid 6uch a catastrophe. The remedy for the present state of affairs I pointed out in my address was to be found in the cultivation of a better- public senti ment, the inorease in the minds of men of ' the fear of God,' as urged by Nehemiah, and the application to society at large of the principles of the Gospel of Jesus Christ. It is very sad that a minister of Mr. Clarke's standing, though he knew, the character of the report and had ample op portunities of makiug further inquiries, had he so desired, should seek to damage a brother minister by writing as he has done. ? My critio condescends to quibble about the words ' seek' and ' endeavour* in the sentence, — ' The Church's hands should be quick to seek a solution of the social diffi culty and endeavour to remedy it.' The sentence is not quite correct, but it is near enough to what I said. I will not occupy your space with any reply upon that point except to say that while I am quite aware that the Church does ' possess' the remedy, sho does not endeavour to apply it to the extent and possibly in the direction she should do. If there were more of the Nehemiah spirit in the Church to-day there would be less of the cry of distress. But Mr Clacke is somewhat inconsistent as well as uncomplimentary. He says ' Christ never taught that the inequalities of society should come to an end. He once said, ; The poor ye have always with you,' and later on, ' No one's heart aches more than mine because of the inequalities that are in the world; splendour and poverty ; ' virtue and vice ; progress and corruption ; the whole earth travailing in pain together' until now.' Then he goes one better, ' the whole scene makes my heart bleed and my reason reel.' Will you kindly, Sirs, match that paragraph with anything I have said. If all this does not mean that Christ ap proved of the inequalities of society and the prevalence of poverty then it means nothing, and is simple nonsense; and if Christ did approve of these inequalities, why should Mr. Clarke's ' heart bleed ' and his ' reason reel ? ' Referring to nay statement that ' Christ came to save the body as well as the soul,' my friend informs me that ' the method of the Saviour was ' Thy sins are forgiven thee ; ' ' Arise, take up thy bed and walk ' followed.' I am aware that on that par ticular occasion that was the order of bless ing, but I have yet to learn that that was the Saviour's ' method,' which word, ac cording to the best lexicographers means ' regular or ordinary mode of procedure.' I have yet to learn that in any other case than that of the man sick of the palsy the healing of the body was 'preceded by for giveness of sins. Indeed, I am under the impression that in all the other cases where Christ saved or healed the body he said nothing at all, either before or after, about the forgiveness of sins. If I am wrong, Mr. Clarke, as a Theological Tutor;- will, of course, correct me. ' The Church,' he says, ' follows its Divine Pounder, by seeking to save the soul, but I doubt very considerably whether even the forgiveness of sins would, in the case of a starving man, be preferred to a good square meal. Christ gave both. He preached to the people, but he fed them also. The disciples in the olden time (see Mark vi. otr-^fxy said to Jesus 'Send them away, &c.;' He answered and said unto them, ' Give ye them to eat.' Mr. Clarke evidently thinks that the sermon is every- thing and that the Church's obligation is ended when the benediction has been pro nounced. I will not occupy your space with any further references to Mr. Clarke's extra ordinary article. He has evidently got into a literary ' maelstrom ' and has found it difficult to 'anchor.'' I will not follow him. I want to avoid anything like hysterics, so will calmly close by expressing the hope that before the Master comes we may all have learned that it is well to give one another credit for at least a little common sense, and purity of motive, and that liberty to think is not the monopoly of any one disciple. Yours faithfully. W. WOOLLS RUTLEDGE. Aahfield, Sept. 11th, 1894. 