THE WORLD'S: DREAM OF HAP' FINESS.. V, \- '[By .Archdeacon JTabbab, D.D.j " Wearied, it may be, by. the': greatness-of the way, some may be inoUned to ask-with a; sigh, What is the ljae'df aU my efforts and of; all my struggles? . Life, we know,' is, a warfare in which there; is iip'idisoharke ;'rbuk; even if we fight.and fight on, and fight hard, what will be the end of it ? Will it' lead-to anything? Will miich I ijah ahswbVrat least, and at once and fearlessly, that, wbether'it makes us happy or Qoti whioh is no Yery grea&'»atter,alife 0| moral faithfnjnesEr-will,: ab -any . rate, make ' ' . Bs '.blessed^; it will enable. us ;[to use oar ' - lives as earth's sweetest and noblest have UBed "them-it will''give us something better than anything . which the world' can offer; and when we die-it will enable us to die in the faith-of-Christ; not as the fool dieth, but . with a hope. ; 1 said just now that if we were not happy it, was no great matter; but does '-'not [the poet;say, "O, happiness, our being's end "and aim?1 Is it not' happiness that we . are'all of iia more or less striving after, now, and bopiDg to attain in. some tar-off here '■'■■■ after? I dp not know. As regards the attain ment1 of happiness here, I suspect that be fore they reach middle age most men and women .-rK a. : good deal disillusioned. But I ' suppose oat all men do hope somehow to gain \- something more or less corresponding to their conception of happiness in the world to come. \- We are' taught to hope that there, for the saints of God ad any rate, sorrow and sighing shall. fleaj away, and God shall wipe away 1 tears from off all faces; but we slip with . dangerous conventionality and facility into the assumption that , we are, or at any rate that we • ome day shair be, saints of God, however amazingly unlike them we may be at this moment. How is it that we talk as if happiness, as if what we call heaven, will at once, as a matter of course, be given ua the moment we pass away from earth V Why is it that so many, when ■ their friends die, almost without any. relation to the life they have lived, say nhat_ they have gone to heaven? Have we so glorified God here as to make it a certainty that we shall enjoy heaven for ever id heaven hereafter? Is there such an immense^ "merit in being born ? Is there . .such - a, : consummate virtue in "dying,. a thing which the worst fool has to do no less than the greatest hero; that "because of these two merits we are to have_ wings-'and crowns and harps, aod ah • infinite azure to Hve in,: flooded with the glory , of God's .smile ? Because" a man has not very grossly cheated his customers or quite aotion • ably [slaiidered his neighbors is he, therefore, at once to. have as his right the morning star ? Dismiss that thought as a silly and senseless dream.. .Whatever else it be heaven is no ■. mere- celestial -symphony ; • not - only some golden city ,in the far-off blue, it is also, and ■ '. 'far more than these, a condition and not a place, a temper of love, of humility, of self sacrifice, of holiness. Yes, there is a heaven— a" heaven where;eye hath not seen nor ear heard;-nor-hath it entered into the heart of man . to conceive the things which God hath prepared for them" "that love Him. What reason have we _ to assume that we shall go there? Is to shine in society, to make money, to bite and devour our neighbors, to indulge in the bant; the faction, the unfairness, the malice Of political and, still worse, of religious parties, to.; shout down every unpopular name,- to _ buy in the cheapest .market and sell in _ the dearest, to look with ■ practical • indifferenoe on the wrongs , and sufferings- which seethe around us — is all that so.-meritorious as to be rewarded at once with the hidden manna and the fruits of the Tree.of Life? .If we look for heaven we must-endeavor to be heavenly.; if we'wantto die the death of the righteous we must live his • life. we must have something of his aims and : bf his character, if our last .end is to be like ■ bis;;'. "And [meanwhile it would .be an idle fabe 1 hood to make believe'that most men are aim . ing 'at this heavenliness of temper here and . bow. .-If.they want to go' to heaven it is with the delights and gains of earth. They want to serve ;fcwo masters—God and mammon. They want a. heaven : where [they,"may take with -them - their pride and ostentation, their v comfort and sensuality, their secular envy and ambition, their religious malice and conceit; or, .they, dp not look- heavenwards at all, they are content with earth; occupied with the near fchey do' nbt trouble their thoughts about the far. Yet they are, I suppose, trying tobein some sort happy. . Look round us in this world! Why is it that we-see men on- all sides wearying them selves in the very fire to obtain this or that? It can only, be because they imagine that those things will make them happy. But will-they ? Not so! -Most men are certainly giving their fruit unto the caterpillar and their labor unto the grasshopper; they are "doing for them selves cistern's—broken cisterns that will hold mo water.;- they " are. giving their money for "that1 which is not bread, and their labor for that" which satisfied! not. ' And the [marvellously' sad thing is that men 'never seem-'fo utilise the amassed experience of so many ages of the world—the boy, the [youth, the man is eager to run the race his lathers ran, however vain and wretched that race may have been. ' - Satan knows oar weakness so well, and so Utterly despises his victims, that he spreads the snare quite openly in the sight of the silly .bird. He dangles the gilded, bait before us, and hardly takes the trouble to conceal.the ■lacerating.' Hook in it. , Year after year, in "generation after generation, he impu dently whispers the everlasting lie which cost'[. us' Paradise, and hardly conceals .from u3,' even at the moment, that ic is • . [ahy thing ' but "'a" lie.'" And ' yet he knows that, betrayed by the sorcery oE inwatd .passion, youth after youth, and man after man, and woman after woman, will listen to the envenomed whisper, "Yea, hath God said, and ye shall be as gods, and ye shall[ not die,'' and Will pretend to believe, or persuade ■ themselves that'they believe, that, it is not a lie- And that though the victims of it lie slain on every side, lie in the grave like sheep, death feeding upon them suddenly in the morning, and their, beauty consuming in the Bepulohfe' out of their dwelling.1 '. One[hardly knows, therefore, whether.it is of any use at all to point out once more that .we fatally seek Cur happiness in wrong direc tions here,. and that thereby we are de liberately flinging away the appointed means for gaining it hereafter. I see no hope whatever for this state of things in the world .and in the church except in the cross .of. Christ. . And to :me that cross of Christ does not mean- a, message of all; but universal -damnation; it means, on the contrary, a lesson that the,boundless mercy of God transcends illimitably the creeping little ' nete of man, and that meroy triumphs over justice. If there be no broad hope for- the present state of things somewhere in the depth and breadth and length and height of the [unsearchable riohes of Christ's Gospel, then I see ?i t' nowhere; at all. For, in. truth, unless most of us betoihe very far different from what we are, it is a blaspheming madness to talk as though such as we were worthy, throueh any merits of ours, ta walk hereafter in the sight of God's countenance, or to join with the .white'angels in the unimaginable song. And so, in my point of view, the question of this life's happiness is closely intertwined with that of the world to come. And if here below .we have persistently sought our happiness in things which are the abhorrence of heaven, I am sure that there must be- some fires, fires of mercy,' in which all this must be purged out of 'us, before heaven can ever- open to us its golden gates. |For what _ is the spectacle whioh man at this moment, in thia'oountry, in this city, "presents ? What is the aim of all this'surging multitude which we.meet in the streets? What are their human wishes for themselves and for their children ? I fear that for "moat ef U3 the poet's epitaph will do— . Oh! purb'ind ra-ie of miserable men, How many among us at'hie very hour Do forge a lifelong trouble for nurrelve3 •By takuu true for false and tahe for trne! Here through the feeble twilight of the world, ... Gioping, how many ! Until .we pass and reaoh .\ Xhat other where we see as we are seen. • Many men, perhaps the least ignoble, are caught by' ambition and "the passions which cluster round it. To be ambitious does not require a great . man. There are.small ambitions as well "as large; a clerk or a laborer may be as ambitious in his sphere as a statesman or a great writer in his. To get on, .to succeed, to outshine so-and-so, to win this or that inoh-high promotion, to be some ■-body, to jostle oneself forward in the miserable press, to have the first place, not the second, or, sit any,rate, the millionth place, not merely the :millionth and first... Men desire this so inuob, they struggle for it so hard, that they must faucy there is some happiness in it. If they .did not they would with much greater wisdom stand either humbly or disdainfully aside, and .see others elbowing, puffiDg and pushing,, and scheming themselves into pre cedence, but it is all a delusion., . I say nothing of the meannesses to whiohmen often submit in > the struggle, nothing of the jealousies with which / the. -struggle - may- be tormented, nothing of the fact that _ fame; even is half dis-fame, and means inany a" wound ' from the sick,, weak beast r of envy, say nothing of the inevitable disappointments, Sf Biokness or bereavement, or the transiency or disenchahbment offruition; I say nothing of the cup of success dashed away by death or by change at. the very moment that our lips Beem to touch it. I say that at the very best, under the very best circumstances, the thing gained in the form of earthly success- can never give us any real or deep or lasting, satis faotion. " Vanity of vanities ! All is^ vanity Write that epitaph broad and large over all the catacombs and cemeteries and mauso leums." of the world, for so in "one phrase,or other not only did Solomon say it, but ■ Vespasian^ .as he rode in triumph; the Emperor of Rome. and Gelimer, Iiing: of the Vandals, as.-he walked in chains before the chariot of Belisarius, and Napoleon on the 'very day of his coronation, and the Duke "of \- Wellington as he rode amid the hatred of the multitude through the streets of London, and' eo says the drunken pauper on his death-bed in the filthy room. A sharp, boy of humble degree, the eon of a. Residing drapfer named^William Laud, ■ rises to be Prime Minister and Archbishop of Canterbury in one, the all but absolute authority in Church" and State. The greatest living nobleman of the day, the Earl of Strafford, wrote to congratulate him and, wish him many Happy days; What was his answer, oii' the . very day that, he had reached the Bummit of: his ambition? ."My"lord," he wrote, "I thank you heartily for your lrind wishes to me that God.- would.: sencL.me many, and:: many happy days where I -am now to be. . But truly, my lord, I look for neither — not • for - many, for ' I am in years and have had a troublesome life; not for happy, for I have no hope to do the good I desire. And, in truth, my lord— I speak seriously—I have bad a heaviness hanging over me ever since I was nominated to this place, and I can give myself no account of it." " Vanity of vanities !" • So ends one of the most famous novels of modern,'times— " Which of us has what hs desires, or, having it, is satisfied. , • ■-.. . "Vanity of vanities, all is vanity !" Write it on the king's mausoleum ! Write it on the pauper's grave ! But perhaps you belong, and probably yon may.do, to.jbe larger numoer of those sensible and practical'persons who, not caring much for rank or fame, want money and what money brings. That yellow dross is at least manifest, • tangible, appreciable, • .the heavy parse, the earniDg3 in the till, the large balance at your banker's, the multiplying in vestments, the lucky speculatione'about which perhaps you have not "been too particular how solid they are. How the world bends to the moneyed man1 Yet if . the love of money were not a disease, if it. were not the root of all kinds of evil, if it were not difficult for a rich man 'to ba humble and heavenly, would Christ have said that it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man . to enter the kingdom of God ? Would- -Christ have drawn His two companion pictures, which should hang side by side in the gallery of every rich man's heart—the picture pf Dives and Lazarus, and the picture of the rich fool? If there be no daDger in greed and Mammon worship, which observation may discern-in the heart of the poor quite as much as of- the rich, would St. Paul have said,- " They who will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and to many foolish and hurtful lusts which drown them in destruction and perdition?" There""is only one kind of wealth which adds, or can add, to true happiness, that is 'the wealth far less plentiful than gold, it is thq treasure laid up, not on earth, but in heaven; it is the wealth planned in works of merciful fore thought; it is the wealth which , is increased by the limitation of vain desires. " And, lastly, are there none of you' young men and young women who fancy that happi ness may be found in a thing which you call pleasure ? _ Rank, power, fame — these are the dazzling meteors of the few. Money, Mammon, that is the coarse yellow idol of the many. The will-'of-the-wisp which gleams before yon who love pleasure is far the dead liest and far the most delusive; it is the bale ful light born of miasma, and flickering over I the marshes where no foot . can tread. Pleasure sometimes in the form of gaiety, amusement, idleness, 'frivolity, fondness for dress, fondness for. admiration—in the young woman the vanity, the miuoing folly, the soft weakness; in, the young man the shirking of pain, the'shirking of duty, the absorbing and guilty selfishness, tbe vain love of excitement; in both the giddy trifling and coquetting,, and idle talking and jesting on the very verge o: the precipice of sin ; and when these have brought forth their natural fruit of guilb'and folly, oh! -the' fall of that shuddering■; preoipice 1 oh! the ghastliness of that in exorable satiety 1 Of, all modes of seeking happiness this confusion of it with brief and bitter pleasure, followed .by shame, is the most fatal—fatal to others,- fatal with inevitable re tribution. Curses await, hungry-eyed; around the path of those who .lay waste the inner sanctities of their being—the-shaml, the sin, the wrong of it! Tell me, all yon who have tasted these fruits of the Dead Sea Plains, whether they have not left dust and ashe3 in their taste-? What voices of the dead shall I evoke to describe this vanity of sore disease ?. Shall it be the mould of fashion and the glass of form who said, "I have i-njoyed all the pleasures of the world; and consequently know their futility. I by no means desire to repeat the nauseous dose for the sake of the fugitive dream?" Or shall it be this, "the splendidly gifted noble poet, who at the age of . 33 wrote—' • My daja are in the yellow leaf, The floweis, the fruit of life are gone. The worm, the .canker, and the griet Are',mine alone? Or shall it be his who in the last eight years of his life of lingering agony wrote:—"l am only a poor, death-3ick Jew, an emaciated image of trouble, an unhappy man." Ah 1 I need evoke no witnesses from the tomb—the streets of London with their thousands of living ghosts are' far more terrible; men and women, or what once were men and' women, not spirits without bodies, but bodies which are bodies only, and have quenched all the spirit in them by sin and shame; the streets of London with their unblushing corruption and their hidden Nemesis, streets and places of amusement where they go as oxen to the slaughter and as fools to the correction of the stocks; streets where souls for which Christ died consume in the fire -of man's basest appetitesstreets, of London, where men and women pass, as they passed of old, through fires more awful than those in the valley of . the children of Hinnom ; the streets of London with ..their open vice and their dreadful drunkenness—have they -no. tongue to echo the solemn appeals of Scripture?; Is there no witness in their horrid, voices? Is there no warning in the waving of their wasted hands? Enough! There is, and there can be, no happiness in these things where men seek them—in ambition, money, pleasure, wherein all but the fewest seek them. They give no happiness.here, they lead in the path which is the opposite to all happiness here after. Most forms of-human sin and error spring from man's vain search for living happi ness' among such dead things a3 these ; and most sins are the poisonous blossoms of the upas, the deadly fruits of the: mandrakes, the pride'and sensuality of our fallen nature. Again and again I say- they are vanity, not, alas ! the mere vaouum of emptiness, but also the plenum of misery and ruin; riot waterless clouds, but clouds which rain blaBtiug and mildew; ■ not empty • cisterns, but cisterns full of poison and bitterness. If we want happiness at all we must seek it otherwise and otherwhere. These things, at any rate, are what-the Greek called them—All dust and all nothingness," But if youask me howis that otherwise,' and where: is. that otherwhere where we must seek happiness, I have no time to dwell on it to-day. "but my .-text tells you, "Who is-he that desireth to live and would fain: see good days ? Keep thy- tongue from evil and thy- lips from speaking guile. Depart. from evil, and. do good, seek peace, and pursue it.". And there is One who will tell yon- better still, than David—One not rich, but homeless, not honored, but hated by the world and by the Church, and afflicted and despised, - not seeking His' own pleasure, bub only doing His Father's, will. The ' world says, "Blessed are'- the rich! Blessed are the comfortable! .Blessed are they that get on! Blessed are the men who enjoy life and please themselves, and look down on others!" That is the world's road to happiness. Christ's is the opposite. He, the Son of God, in His peasant's garb, under the open heaven, sat on the green hillside, and as the countless multitudes hung upon His parted lips. " He opened His mouth and taught them, saying—Blessed are. the. poor in spirit; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed ate they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they that hunger: and thirst after righteoueness,. for they ahall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy.: Blessed are. the pure in heart, for they shall Bee God." A meeting of vgentlemen was held in Ade laidei on Thursday evening to consider how.the religious education of the rising generation in South Australia could best be provided for. The Hon.'John Warren was voted to the chair, and after some discussion a .resolution was carried that a soeiety should be fqrmed with the object oL promoting the religious education of the young in connection with both; the public and private schools of the colony, and by means of Sunday-schools and classes where such do not already exist. The New South Wales Act and Regulations, and Mr. Hartleys report thereon of last year, were carefully considered and met' with much favor, and a gentleman nresent who had had large experience in the. working of the Act in New South Wales. gave .valuable in formation on the subject, which was highly favorable to the system of that colony. It is probable, therefore, that the.new society will advocate that system. The meeting' passed draft rules, whiob will be confirmed at a future meeting. Mr.; J. H. Packard was appointed honorary secretary pro. torn.; j 