A GAME OF HEARTS. CHAPTER II. The wide, silent gardens were full of evening odors and shadows as Lesley ran down the leafy walk that led to the river ; a magical green twilight had fallen over all the dream- ing land. Behind her stood the house, a large, irregular building of red brick, with white copings, and with dormer- windows in its quaint roof, where swallows were soaring and diving and twittering round their nests in the fading light. At her feet, reflecting the green sky, ran the river, eddying round stones and rocks, and flowing through tall flags and reeds and rushes, until lowere down it glided swiftly on be- tween the overhanging willows, the shadows of which lay as black as night below. Warm odors from distant fields of beans and clover blew in Lesley's face ; a trout leaped splashing among the burdock leaves. She heard the waters eddying and lapping round the posts of the wooden boathouse father on. It was a tranquil hour—a pretty scene. But the girl was in a restless, nervous mood, very unusual with her, and as she stood staring idly at the little opal-tinted bubbles and the leaves and twigs that were drifting down with the current, a vague thrill of melancholy stirred within her. Uncertain longings after something far off, wonderful, blissful—uncertain, regrets for childish faults and fol- lies—a swift soon- forgotten pang of remore for the pain she had that day caused an honest man—all these seemed blended in some curious manner with the green western sky and the faint sound of voices that reached her from the village road through the breathless evening calm. The meadow-sweek growing by the moist flowery banks of the river gave out its sweet penetrating scent, and, as Lesley smelt it dreamily, her child- hood's days came back to her as clearly as though she were living them over again—happy days full of sunshine and leisure and kind words, full of loving memoirs of her indulgent father, and of the tender woman who had taken the place of her dear mother in her baby-heart and had kept it ever since. Mrs. Powlett was a distant relative of Sir John's, and when she had been left a widow she had found a home at Heycot, where she superintended the household and Miss Lesley, and was liked and respected by high and low. The governess of Lesley's earlier days was the companion and friend of the present. To Dolly the girl confided much that her father could hardly be ex- pected to sympathise with, and between Mrs. Powlett and Sir John she was somewhat spoiled as she grew up. She used to declare, with her saucy smile, that they must take the conse- quesces. That Lesley, his idol, must some day, he supposed, marry and leave him was Sir John Bell's one srious trouble in life ; and the girl's growing loveli- ness and coquettish disposition would not allow him to forget it, though he tried hard to believe that the laughing, mischievous maiden was still a child, who broke men's hearts by the merest accident. That he might the more jealously guard this treasure left him by his fair young wife of one year —whose loss had well-nigh killed him —Sir John had banished all society from his magnificent old house, and had buried himself alive with his little girl through the long years of Lesley's petted childhood. It was in vain that his sister, Mrs. Strangways, protested and implored. Mrs. Strangways was a widow with one sone and a limited income, by which her own ambition and that of her hand- some boy utterly declined to be shackled. Archie Strangways had been brought up in the understanding that he must make a great match ; and. that being the case, how lucky it was, he sometimes thought, for a fellow to have a pretty cousin who was heiress to a considerable estate and with whom he was more than half in love already. Mrs. Strangways appreciated the situation, and had of late been urgent in offers of hospitality to her charming niece, who must soon be presented, and who could, in themeanwhile, the lady wrote to her brother, undergo a course of finishing lessons in music and sing- ing from the first masters, and under her own person supervision. Lesley clapped her hands with glee when she was told of this invitation. Had she not spent one blissful week in London with her aunt a year before, when she heard her fist opera, been to one or two concerts, and been taken by Archie to all sorts of wonderful places full of pictures and art treasures ? Lesley clapped her hands, but it seemed to Sir John that, if his little girl went into Mrs. Strangways's fashionable training, she would be lost to him ; and to all his sister's remonstrances he only replied, "Not yet—she is so young. Leave her to me for another year." So Lesley pouted for a whole day over this decision, and then went back, very well contented, to her usual plea- sures and occupations in the country— to tending the poor and sick with Dolly, to playing with the village children, to bewitching a hapless man or two, to fishing and riding and driv- ing, and to being rather more spoiled than usual. She was so pretty and so charming that it was hard not to spoil her. A piquant, large-eyed beauty was hers, full of color and expression—full, too, of health and graceful vigor ; for Les- ley Bell had lived a freer, less conven- tional life than is usual with girls in her station, was out in all weathers, and allowed to use her limbs and lungs without restraint, the result being a certain half- boyish ease and frankness that made her extremely fascinating. Most men lost thir heads about Les- ley Bell ; and naturally enough she soon learnt her power and tried it on such material as came to her hand—on Mr. Croker, a rich widower, and one of their neighbors, who since her refusal, half frightened, half indignant, of his suit had shut up his great house, sold his horses, and spent his time cruising about in a yacht—on a stray reading man or two, who came to the village for quietness, and who, having been invited to dine at Heycot, had dis- covered their error too late, and re- turned, sadder and wiser men, to Cam- bridge—on Alexander Swayne, finally, the village doctor, who had just taken his leave with a dull pain throbbing under his country-made waistcoat, and his ears tingling at the recollection of his own folly. As to Archie Strangways, that was a very old affair, and dated from the days when he used to stick worms on Lesley's hook when they went fishing, and to buy sugar- plums for her at Banbury out of his scanty pocket- money. Archie had never forgotten those days, though Lesley perhaps was not quite so faithful. She was certainly troubling her- self very little just then about her lovers. "How hot it is !" she was thinking, as she pulled down a branch of willow and buried her face in the moist leaves. "And how heavy the meadow-sweet smells ! It is just the sort of night when something out to happen. As if anything ever did happen at Heycot ! I shall go in presently and pour out two cups of tea for papa, then I shall shing him to sleep, and Dolly and I, being left to our own devices, will try not to yawn over our lace-work, and will remark at intervals that to-morrow will be Friday, that the days are getting shorter, that—oh,dear, I only wish something would happen ! But — — What's that ?" It was a sound of hasty footsteps running along the moss-green river- banks, of impetuous shoulders brushing past the low-hanging branches. Lesley turned round swiftly, letting the willow- bough spring out of her hand. Was her wish going to be granted no sooner than uttered, as people's wishes were sometimes granted in novels and plays ? She turned eagerly, her face all lighted up with expectation, and saw one of the gardeners coming towards her in all haste. he stopped at sight of the young lady and touched his hat. "What is the matter,Bryce ?" she asked. "Why are you running so fast ?" "I'm going upto the house, Miss Lesley, for help," the man answered, breathlessly. "A gentleman — a stranger—is lying in the boat-house, and he looks mortal bad. I——" Lesley turned pale. "Oh, go—go at once !" she cried. "Don't stop to talk !" The man was gone—up the slope and across the lawn. Lesley hurried along with willow- walk to the boat- house, full of excitement and curiosity. Something had happened, after all, on this sultry July evening ! She could scarcely feel any sympathy for the stranger's illness. It semmed as if he must have fainted in this apropos manner because she had wished for an adventure. Who could he be ? A pale severe young ace it was that Lesley found lying with closed lids and drawn mouth on the boat- house floor—a face whose mute suffer- ing stabbed her careless heart with a sudden pity and, sent her down on her knees in an instant, trying to raise the heavy head on her arm and speak- ing broken words of compassion to the unconscious ears. The young man's hair ws drenched with water—his throat was bare. Bryce had evidently done his best to revive him before he had gone for help. "If he should die !" Lesley thought a dreadful pang chilling her veins. "How white he is ! Who can he be ? And how did he come here ? Oh, what ca I do ?" She stood up and brought water from the river in a bait-can, wetting her muslin sleeve to the elbow as she leant down and dipped the vessel in, and, going back to the long-limbed prostrate figure, nervously dashed the cool water into his face. A shiver passed over it at the shock, and, trembling herself from heat to foot, Lesley repeated the experiment. Before long, with a great shudder- ing sigh, the dark lids slowly unclosed, and a pair of heavy eyes looked up at her blankly and closed again. "You are better ?" Lesley whispered, eagerly, kneeling down once more by the stranger's side. "Oh, pray speak to me ! You are better now ?" Again the heavy lids unclosed to look straight into Lesley's great tragic blue eyes, and, with the ghost of a smile, the young men answered— "Thanks—yes." Then steps and voices were heard— Sir John's and Doctor Swayne's. Lesley sprang to her feet and drew back from the stranger's side, blush- ing a little as she saw that his had had closed unconsciously on a knot of pale blue ribbon that had fallen from her dress. Soon all was subdued bustle and confusion. Sir John, seeing that the young man had passed from one swoon into another, gave orders to have him carried up to the house, despatching a messenger to prepare the housekeeper. And then he put Lesley's little wet hand on his own arm, and followed with her and the Doctor in the wake of the procession. Lesley was still pale, and she did not speak a word. Doctor Swayne was explaining— somewhat confusedly—how he had happened to be still in the grounds at Heycot. "OI was about to make a short cut to the village," he stammered. It was of course unnecessary to say that it had been his habit for many a foolish day to prowl about the river after dusk, on the chance of hearing a song or a laugh from Lesley, and that on this especial evening he had come to listen for the very last time, deter- mined to go back on the morrow to what was left of his daily life. "I saw the boat drifting down with the stream, Sir John," the Doctor con- tinued. "I suppose he had pulled up from the village, and, finding his strength fail him, had made for the boat-house, and contrived to land. He seems to have lateley had a sever ill- ness—he is not fit for any exertion." "Poor lad !" said Sir John, heartily. "As soon as I have attended to him," Doctor Swayne added, "I will go on to Charlton, and make inquiries about him at the inn." "Do, do, Swayne ! I'll order the dog-cart out for you—you haven't got your horse ? I shall be anxious to hear your account of this poor fellow before you start. Come, Lesley." Then Alexander Swayne looked wistfully at Miss Bell. He thought that if she would offer him that slender hand now he would not refuse it—it would be the last time he would ever touch it. But Lesley's eyes were fixed on the group before them, as it ascended the long flight of steps to the terrace, and was met at the door by the house- keeper and Mrs. Powlett. She did not even look at him. And so, with a sigh, the Doctor followed his patient into the house. CHAPTER III. "Sh-sh ! What is that, Swayne ?' An opening door down- stairs sent up a burst of music into the half-lighted chamber where Doctor Swayne was sitting with his patient trying to per- suade him that it was his duty to keep quiet. "Schubert ! And what a delicious' voice ! Who is singing ?" The young man raised himself on his elbow, listen- ing eagerly, and uttered a disgusted sigh when presently the drawing-room door shut again, deadening the slea- sant sound. "It is Miss Bell," the Doctor ans- wered. "She sings every evening." "Miss Bell ? This is the pretty girl I saw in the boat-house then ? I thought I dreamt it. Fair hair, big blue eyes, pale-colored dress ?" "Yes ; that was Miss Bell." "Oh, I say, Swayne, I thik I'd really better go down-stairs ! I'm all right now, you know. Let me get up and dress." "Certainly not." The young man threw himself back with an impatient laugh, and sighed again. "What have you told them about me, old fellow ?" he asked. "What did they say to our romance of real life ? Wasn't it lucky that, as I was too faint, I managed to do it comfort- ably into your very arms ?" "I told Sir John Bell that we had been at school together," Doctor Swayne returned, nodding a hearty acquiescence in the last remark, "and how surprised you were, when you came to yourself, to see me at your bedside." "Surprised ! I should think so. I heard you had gone to Australia years ago." "That was my cousin. You never knew him." "I believe I was back in the old days all through that wretched swim. I have a vague recollection of seeing the playground again, and the bend in the river near the oak, you know ; and then I opened my eyes and saw you looking at me with just the old sober face." "I did not recognise you until you spoke, Caleb," the Doctor said, with an answering pressure of the big white hand that was held out to him. "Your beard alters you so much that I can scarcely believe this great fellow is the mischievous lad I remember at old Wigsby's as Halliday Minor." "Ah, but I have good cause to re- member your face, Swayne !" the young man exclaimed, a touch of strong feeling trembling in his voice. "You got me out of the worst scrape I was ever in in my life, and I haven't forgotten it, I can tell you." "Nonsense ! You were a young fool, and the girl was not. That is all over now, and we won't speak of it any more." "Of course not. You never would. But I think of it all the same." "And you have profited by the lesson, no doubt," interrogated the Doctor, smiling, "and have never fallen in love since ?" "Oh, a hundred times, I am afraid," Caleb confessed, with a laugh and a very boyish blush, "only never so seriously as then ! But now tell me all about yourself, old fellow, tell me everything since you left school. By George, who would have thought of finding Alick Swayne settled down in this rural hole ? It's too good— and too bad !" The speaker lay back on his pillow, and gazed at hi sfrient in a glow of pleasure and admiration that made him look a very handsome man indeed. "Some other time," the Doctor re- sponded, a good-naturedly, smothering a sigh. "You have talked quite enough for to-night, and I must leave you to get some sleep. Bye-the-bye"—he paused on his way to the door—"Sir John has taken the law into his own hands, and insisted on your staying here until you are all right again. I wanted to carry you off to my cottage to-morrow, but he has sent for your luggage to the 'Cross-Keys,' and I be- lieve you will be more comfortable here than in the hands of Mrs. Noakes, my housekeeper." "i'd rather have been with you a thousand time—but I suppose I can't refuse ?" "Of course you can't. And you'll soon be on your legs again. It's only for a few days after all." "I must write to my good aunt, and tell her what kind hands I have fallen into ? and my man had better come on, too." "Your aunt had no business to let you leave home so soon after your fever," the Doctor observed, with pro- fessional severity. "You were not fit to be trusted alone." "All my own fault, old boy," Caleb admitted, penitently. "I was so sick of being coddled that I felt as if I should have another fever I couldn't get away somewhere and be by my- self. So, as soon as I could wring a reluctant consent from the doctor, I started off for a few days' fishing— you know the rest, as fellows say on the stage. I think I cannot do better than write home at once." Soctor Swayne drew a writing- table close to the bed- side, and young Halliday sat up to compose his epistle. "Sir John Bell knows what we are, I suppose ?" he asked, lazily, as he wrote the address. "Manchester— cotton—and all that sort of thing !" "Yes, he knows. I told him." "All right, I feel less like an im- poster under his baronial roof now that he is aware of my mercantile antece- dents. There you are"—handing the letter. "But must you really go ?" "I must. I shall see you the first thing in the morning." "And then we'll have a jolly talk over old days. You'll give me the evening, of course ?" "Well, no—I think not." Doctor Swayne was buttoning his dogskin glove, and did not leek up as he spoke. "Patients ?" "No. The fact is, Caleb, I have had a little misunderstanding with— with Sir john ; and, if it had not been for you, I should not have been here at all." "The deuce !" "As soon as you are all right again, we can see each other as often as you like ; but I shall pay you only profes- sional visits here. Good night. Get to sleep at once." And with this the Doctor went away. Caleb Halliday lay awake, in spite of his friend's parting injunction, for a long time, and he found himself listening more than once for the fresh young voice he had heard singing down-stairs ; but he did not hear it again. Then he fell to watching the moonlight that was flooding his room with misty lights and shadows, and to thinking of old happy boyish days— the days when he had first known Alexander Swayne. A big, shy, raw-boned fellow Alick was then, full of pluck and modesty and knowledge, who had been the hero of more than one row with the barge- ment for all his studious habits, and who protected the small boys and was down on the bullies and fools, by whom alone he was cordially detested. Why Alick Swayne—"Sawbones Swayne," as he used to be called on account of some boyish exploit in the way of set- ting a dog's broken leg—should have formed an attachment to Caleb Halli- day, the idlest, merriest, most mis- chievous boy in the school school, and one so much younger than himself, was a constant source of wonder. But so it was, and Caleb re- turned his regard with interest. The two were inseparable. Caleb, who had more pocket-money than half the boys put together, had set up a boat of his own on the river, in which it was his great delight, on half-holidays, to pull his long friend, who was wont to lie on his back, with his hat pulled over his eyes, smoking like a chimney the while. But that was not all. It would have been better if Caleb had never found his way to the boat- house alone. For the boatman he employed had a pretty black-eyed daughter, whom he was always meet- ing, somehow, when he wend down to the river, and who used to blush and offer him roses over the palings of her father's cottage, and who at last opened the gate one evening and shyly asked the young gentleman to come in and wait until her father returned from market. Ah, Caleb remembered it all, as he lay awake, very stiff and sore and feverish—the mad engagement into which he was tempted by black- eyed Katty brown, and which he repented before it was twenty-four hours old ! He remembered all his misgivings, his growing disgust, his agony of mind before he could make up his mind to confine in his friend, who merely said, "I thought there was something wrong, young un, but it wasn't for me to play the spy." Then Alick had an interview with Miss Katty and her drunken old father, resulting in the return of a cer- tain letter containing a foolish promise which the girl had contrivedd with many tearful entreaties to obtaim from the rich young cotton-lord. Caleb could never find out what arguments his friend had used to in- duced Katty to listen to reason. Alex ander Swayne would never tell. "Burn the letter, Caleb," the kind fellow had said ; "and don't have any more secrets form me until you are able to walk alone." "And to think he should have been in England all these years, and I did not know it !" Caleb thought, turning on his hot and restless pillow. And then the pain in his temples began to throb in the measure of that pleading serenade he had heard Miss Bell sing, the misty lights and shadows grew indistinct, and so at last he dropped asleep, with a frown on his young, tired, handsome face, and did not dream at all of school, or Alick Swayne, or Katty brown, but of the river that ran by heycot, and the drifting boat, and the flower-blue eyes that had looked at him for one plea- sant, startling moment between the dull blanks of his two heavy swoons. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 