ST. AIDAN'S SCHOOL CHURCH, The following report of the sermon preached at St. Aidan's School Church on Thursday evening by the Right Rev. H. H. Montgomery, Bishop of Tasmania, was held over from yesterday's issue: The Bishop took his text from St. John's Gospel, iv., 14, "The water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life." The Bishop said our Lord was let a well, the water of which lay still and quiescent at a great depth, needing to be drawn up with great labour, but He promised a spring gushing over and flowing away in a perennial stream. Such was the force of the Greek word for well in the text, and there could be no truer picture of the force of the Holy Ghost in the church, the water bursting out to bless distant tracts. An illustration could best give the picture. Twenty years ago he (the Bishop) was travelling in the mountains of Lebanon. Not far from Hermon he came one day to a ruined temple, hoary with age and clad with ferns and flowers. As he approached he heard the sound of many waters, till he stood within and beheld one of the most glorious sights in nature. In the floor ofgtho temple is a hole some 8ft broad, and from this there issued with a roar and rush difficult to describe a river complete at once. It is the famous Abana which rises thus. The waters flow away till at length they reach the almost oldest city in the world, Damascus. Its teeming population and beautiful gardens depend for existence chiefly on this springing well, which is fed by rifts in the rocks above full of millions of tons of snow and ice. Here is the picture of the Pentecostal gift -the roar of pure waters forced by the pressure from above and issuing from a temple. The spiritual river, of which this is a picture, has flowed on since Pentecost watering the earth. We have heard lately of the death of Bishop Smythies in Central Africa, of Patterson in the South Seas; we know of a wonderful man, Bishop BTmpas, within the Arctic circle at this time-all these men and many like them are the effects of the springing well of the Holy Spirit, are the means God uses to water the earth spiritually. We can trace the river back through age after age, meeting in time with St. Oswald and St. Aidan, coming at length to the day of Pentecost and the rush of the spirit within the church of God, a true apostolical succes sion. St. John has felt this force and shown it, Whether the parish was once a still pool or well enjoylng its means of grace in great part and not wishing to bless others, it is needless to enquire how its force is felt in the Mission Church in St. Aidan's and by lay helpers and others in all sorts of places. There is need to give God thanks for it. Sometimes we are like a chasm into which a flood disappeirs, and nothing comes of it. Sometimes an enemy digs a hole in the river bed and exhausts the water and checks its flow, but the pattern for uc is the springing well of Abaun," resistless, perennial, rising within a sacred temple, and carrying bene diction far and wide. May it be the pattern of church life in Tasmania in days to come. Service was held last night, and there was a large attendance. The Revs. R. Nugent Kelly and A. H. Champion read the lessons, and the Rev. 8. Bucknell, M.A., of Hobart, preached the sermon, his remarks being based on the subject "Witness of the Fatherhood of God." The sermon was an excellent one, and the remarks of the preacher were listened to attentively. This evening at j7"30 the Rev. 1. B. De Wolfe, M.A., will preach on "The witness of the church to redemption by Christ." To-morrow services will be as follows : 11"15 a.m., Holy Communion; sermon by Rev. R. B. De Wolfe, M.A.; 3 p.m., children's service, Rev. R. Dixon, B.A.; 7 p.m., slpecial service, Rev. R. Dixon, B.A., "The witness of Ithe ch'urch to holi ness by the spirit." 