A Dubbo Ghost Story. The Dubbo ' Dispatch ' tells a creepy story of uncanny hap penings, which, it is alleged, have taken place at a selector's residence in the locality. Here is the narrative " in ex- tenso " : — . About three years ago Peter Stein, a hardheaded, practical frugal Herman, sold property he possessed in the Wagga Wagga district, and with his family came to Dubbo in search of land. He and his son J acob, a young man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the Coalbaggie. The selections are on the South Balladoran run, and rather isolated. Jacob's selec tion is on the southern part of the run, and there was when taken up an old hut upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Peter Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. He had been reared by the Steins, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them and they to hinu Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the erection of a commodious residence on his land about three miles away. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled down — the father and family in their new house and Jacob at his hut, than they heard strange voices, loud cooeying, and awful screamings. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or homeward proceeding selectors, more merry than sensible, they took little notice of them. These sounds were only heard at in tervals — a fortnight or three weeks intervening between their occurrence. They, how ever, took place so regularly — for they were at one time heard at Jacob Stein's as well at his father's — that the idea of noisy roysterers, making night hideous with their noises, was given up. About 18 months ago there were further developments, and according to the family, strange mani festations. The furniture in Peter Stein's house became as possessed. It jumped about in all directions, and on one occasion the crash of crockery was something decidedly ex traordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stein was baking in the kitchen one day, and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the floor. These things, or akin to them, have kept on from then till now, but with the further development that the person responsible — whether spirit of Heaven or goblin damned — has frequently interviewed, and has had con versations with the several members of the family. Evi dently the presence is not of the regular type, for it does not wait for the " witching hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth," but comes along in broad daylight, and talks to the family, who are now somewhat terrified, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question from Peter Stein, the invisible visitor said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother who was named Annie, and his sister, who was called Julia, were burned to death on the South Balladoran run — that his father died in the Cootamundra Hospital 18 years ago — that he (the speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead upon the road, that he had been saved, and had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the elder Stein he replied that if he did those who saw him would faint, for they had never seen anything like him before. According to the Steins — and all, from the father to tlie youngest child, tell the same unvarnished tale — the visitor sometimes speaks in a gruff manly voice and sometimes as softly as a woman —indeed it would be difficult to distinguish his voice from a girl's. The dogs about the place seem to know when it is coming— although the Steins cannot see it— they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fort night ago things reached a climax, and the invisible one performed all kinds of pranks. It cast tomahawks and knives about, with the grace of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of domestic economy. Oue night while the family were engaged reciting the Rosary— they are Roman Catholics, and retain the simple devotional habits of the Rhineland—the table round which, they knelt was suddenly lifted towards the ceiling and then allowed to come down with a heavy thud. So annoy ing have been the manifesta tions that the young fellow who came from Wagga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bawden, employed by them, has also left, saying that if he were given the selection he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly mysterious, but however in clined the sceptical may be to laught at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that every one of the family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest to the father of the family, has the same story to tell. Mrs. Stein, who is an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is as con vinced as she is of her exist ence that the place is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's request, the Yery Rev. Eather Byrne visited the selec tion, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he in vestigated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satis fied that the Steins are be lievers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extra ordinary, and a searciiing in quiry should take place. 