. New .Publications, The phenomenal success of Fisher-TJnwin's " Pseudonym " library has led him to issue a new series, similar in 8cope, price, and appearance, to be called the " Antonym " Library. The first of these ha3 already appeared-a hideous and grue- some tale of a ghost by Marion Crawford. ^ Tho second, due in Sydney in a few days, is from the pen of S. E. Crockett, the author of the "Stickit Minister." The writer of the third is an Aus- tralian author who, says the London DAILY. CHRONICLE, will' throw down a challenge to Mr. E. L. Stevenson on his now ground. Mr. Becke's book will be oalled " By Eeef and Palm," and is being looked forward to with interest. He has travelled and traded and adventured in tho Pacific, and now he is taking the world into his confidence. A strong testimony to the interest of his Samoan documents-for these are understood to be human documents of a very pronounced kind-is the fact that the Earl of Pembroke has written an introduction. Lord Pembroke, it will be remembered, was one of the joint authors of that delightful book of Poly- nesian life, "South Sea Battles," by "the Earl and the Doctor," published about 20 years ago. The "doctor" was Charles Kingsley's brother. " THE HOMESPUN SERIES."-"We have received through Messrs. George Eobertson and Company, London, Sydney, and Melbourne, " The Trial of Mary Broom," a new story by Mrs. Coghill, pub- lished by Hutchinson and Company, London, in their " Homespun Series." Thia excellent edition provides at a low price, good wholesome reading matter, and the publishers are issuing many in- teresting stories in this form. "The Trial of Mary Brown " is a story of the Staffordshire potteries, a couple of hundred-years ago. It is a I good story, well told, and adorned with capital j illustrations. "JACK'S PARTNER," and other stories, by Stephen Fiske, with an introduction by Joseph Hatton, has been forwarded to us by Messrs. George Eobertson and Company. This book is a collection of the short stories of Mr. Fiske, who 20 years ago was a well-known London jour- nalist, theatrical manager, and newspaper proprietor. Mr. Fiske later returned to America, and is now a well- known writer in New York. The stories are good reading, and they are re- produced in an attractive form in the work under notice. " THE COOLGARDIE GOLDFIELD." by Albert F. Calvert has just been issued by Messrs. Simpkin, Marshall, and Company, London. The author states the object of the book is to provide a plain unvarnished account of the gold field. This is ac- complished by giving the opinions of all classes of persons-experts, miners, amateurs, engineers, and capitalists, and is accompanied by a descrip- tion of the roads to the fields and other matter of the guide book character. " THE AUSTRALIAN HOME JOURNAL " for July is to hand. It is a very creditable production, full of useful information and reading matter for young and old. 