THE N OVELIS 'T. [COPRTI; IRt. TALM UD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, nY yIVAN DEXTER. CHAPTER XX1.-(constusaor,.) "'Thc two hiMaks did not remain Iong. Afro tie cilietl hadl glittedl over me tand roughhls turned iae ahinit to see that I had oit 'tnapbrc'd i ith the let ters. tihey went btiack as they had come, holdintg their torches ibove their I" Hour aft r hour I lay in that a 'te ni I stla11. , :til at length tmy n hnu fa it !a i , itCrc tarIli'y arousedtil ohiws mu. helve it l a t'Icfllndois! .in-, I t 11 .hi. It fell iupon t oy torpid ..t is etirce whisphler. "Tti" e s I1.e of lhating I ad almost fit.i il ue. anwd .v-cen that of sight was basit h:'tim, )et the latter was the irnner of the tw, and I could see a:nide tie .i;tite cast by twenty torches a tiba ' of sablle executioltrrs coming utp tle ne-er tiassage io which I lay. Tlihey w* , t Illoiwed at a short distance by the Noutihs of the tribe, I tween lifteen andl Swetty, and furtlher tick came a numeA b r ot fcttaldes. o0 course I need st: reely tell you that amongst the catn t:iual ablorigintals of Australia the women are never permitted to cat of the human' least, but they are always invited to the killing of tlhe victim, excepit stwhen the latter is done on the field of battle. As I saws the c:rowd coming along all this Sse biefore ty minid in a most vivid 11s ner, aInd It conittdid tlhat the end .I my sull eings wasl a1pproachintg. I had often heard it said that just Itnftre death the faculties are exttaor clii tite')- attive and clear, and from that thorning I bltlieve it. Almost contia t-se as I was, the kniwledege rose le. J .re me that I was about to die, and, as t.Ir as I can now judge, it did not cause 1: c any terrorr or egrtet. Wo osai led the savage bantd, and I saw as tihey apllproached tihat lthecy had sitreted themtselves swith warlpaint in t .e sihaple of clay. Notie of the warriors etnried spears, but each ofi them iran cisheil a formidable ntla, and some how I thluttgiht it was a limiter of Iperfect in iniTrenc.e to tile whether they c:!ubbed ior 5tared mle to deathll. No dtoubt I was I Iing the seanse of pi)sictial feeling a i t;lalt lust Ihave deadl-ned the iten ti Itihiie-. The melin ringed thtm t cvcs in line as sell as the lititted :.;" c of tile place would allow, and nt xt Itemn canle the southls wiho had n10t >.1t leet tttmititttd to the privileges If fu'I manhood. Further b.tck tihan the latter the wometn swere drawn up in an Amtazonian phalanx. ** Standing dl.l e to me- the proposed vi-itit--Wonasi I.tgan to talk and ges I. itite in a loud and vitilont fashion. I kinew nothing of what Ihe said or tIIantl, antd plerhaps it was as well I did t.t. It Wright have been that the white t.ee:[ I ad dune him or his triibe sotme i" eparable iij try and he was seeking in Ib t is snay and according to Ihis lights to avenge the ironrig. At the samire time I s.i-s not cIns:ious of having ever i" jirnel tim, or even any)' ator gi-al of i e contitnent, and my Lea!t was filled witlh undytditi venanlce against hti a 'elreaclee that blood alone could quencn.h." ".\nd yut setled theI score in that f shioti, jid you nor ?" asked Stiang tray. SYes : ten years litler I avenged the toriure the lh:ei itlilicted on me, and i tr that I felt that a Ihorrible memory b.d bI en oweplt away for ever from my Lii it,' conrtinue"d C) Malley. *Ater -a Iong hlarangne the chief walked rtald my prostrate form fl ntithing hii s club, anlld he was fil lti- i byI tlhose next itim in rank or '-r or. A kitnd of hoarse rythmtical r lit ian: tmeanwstile kept up not un I ke tile Iaccorimptniment toa an ordinary a rrti ice,', and each mttoment I ex -''tieI the fatal blow to fall. I was 1 pr in. this fearfii sttuspetlnse for wihat -1.1 lsave been fuiclly an hnour; but at lics: thie aition of the chief convinced "',e thiat ic itend It id come. 11:I aitvancel towiards it' with his ite ' , i.ii'ird on l;ighl as if to strike-and I :an isiI' rst.in that was his obiiject cii t s. r txv.ordi Itnaiy thing ntt- hap S i. I swas lying quite resigned to my t...-. fur 11in had numbed try feel ittan awfuil cry front the females, w , , , l kii utp the cavern or Ii '-..i Iilit - 'is Iismles hId their Icacks tnt .: i·iiC arc - iit: thle cntr nill', teade "' F~rol m po- ition 1 could see the cas sot i-i lc'k, tii 'is lie ceni toernd tlhe) lioik t fi Ii a iiiolmtent and \--n ttade a wilsi rust filr Ihe ettrance. s.. a s:n ct-er mtte like ;Inttlehthot, tIic a fess tDOOlDiteS th rasieVntt ssas 'li' Clip. 5 Scia c Iief, W\'oosai,. ses Is :rtly hut. bIu b 1e Son retoaered , it tilt a gn~tunral icry, I sass I 0i.rck .iplprrontly' to des a:, ii i tuinog this titlte I ctuici ttit, li ti isitard the a:ttsl' of the auitlllitn II Lunil tril nmtitxtdci at it. Wutosai I'll lit Illt)r- th1:1 t-eentt- feet from tile, *scti-t frm iutt11 thte soliti rock it s ~cimed to uie stepped thte strangest ligure I ald tevr seen. *'lice concirant to the satli chief ias of the ticost startling charatcte. A tall, tltiit haln clal in. whitish robes ind with a face erct wlhiter still stood bae :idetl me. In tite seami-darknes - liis ey ci gleamed like rubies, and the wihole tispect eas sulerantural. 'Ihe ghosts wit our itlmagination were repcatcd in the titurtc and as I looked for a moment ot ithe ahtltaritioti I closed my c)'cs and sitrcrftlly became unconscious." Whilst O'MalIey was talking' Stanley nod 'Stratgway exchanged tmeatling glances, and the formter at length said.t "I)o you remenlrer'wlat we saw i In the c:avern, Strangway ? 'T'here must t he sonie connection, I shoultd say, be- f tween O'\lalley's saviour and that ex- I tr;aorldinrarv being." r "Raemembler!" repeated Strangway. r " Yes, as long as I live; it is burned t into my memory." " What are you talking about, lads ?" t asked Mills. r "A strange adlventure we had in a those same ranges our friend is telling i us ablIout. We did not mention it to t you befrore because we could not quite understand it; in fact, we could not e inake it out at all and preferred to be v silent about it as probably it was only t Inete imagination on our part," resptn- I tIedt Stanley. I "It was no inttginatir'n, as you will t learn," continuted C) alley. " I-low long I rermaitned in that swoon I never f knoew, but it mitst have lcbeen a long I time and thle perlid wai an utterlrlank t to me. V'hen I recovered I was con scious that an extraordinary change t ha'l taken place itn my condition. I " At first in the tweakness of my state I thloughlt I must be in that other world Ibeyond the grave tof which we know so s little, but Ifrom which there is no re- t turn." " You were not there, it is quite cer- I tain ?" interjected the sqlu:atter. " No; but I vwas in a world almtost- It if not quite - as strtange to us as - the tunscen spheres of spirits, and since that awakening I have been dis- t iossed to fully believe, the saying, that tlhere are more tlhings in heaven and earth tlhan is dreamt of in our philorsophly. I Ihave iproved that the r secrets of tihe earth at least are sealed i to trhumanity irn nume-rous wrays. "'liThe light which surrounded me first attracted attention. It wans not I sunrltght or nmoonlight I knew, btut I I could not definic it; it was soft and I bablry and filled me with a sense of r plrofournd calm. I next found, with t socmething of wonder and gratitude, I that tihe fearfrul pain lwhich had Ipre viously aflicted ince had disaippeared. I I involuntarily raised my hand to my t slhoulder to feel if the bIroken spear I was there, but ftound, to my inftnite re- I lief, that it was not, but in its pilace wsas a soft basndage. Their as sty senses fully awetke 1 began to narrowly scanr tihe surrourndings. 'ihe coulch I was ) ing on felit remarkablly comifortable, and I noticed Ithat it was as soft and spingy as an air-lied. I could not examine it at thIe tine, but later on 1 did so and was surprised at tihe in grrnuity with which it %s as constructed. "(;Glancing round, tihe size of tIhe chlatmbr trext demtanderl attention. It seenmed to Ie limnitlcss and lorroked as though I was lvinrg in the oren air, yet I well knew it was not so. I could see tranrslucentt Ieams atnd siheets rf soft radiance in every diirecitrn, trn& tilhe roof rrof tihe cla:rrrLr iappeared to reach tihe sky. 1. afterswarld founld out this I was only an opticnal illut:b,nr but one that had a r'aterial olbject in view and rendered immenrrse service to those who carried it out. My eyes rquickly be camre accustormed to tihe strange light, and then I noticed that I was the only occupant of the vast chamtber. "I risht as well here exsplain tlhat thie place was not by any nucars vast but onrly made to ntlrar so, and though simply done tihe effect both material and aestheticr was excellent. " When I began to recover I saw that the r!ac:.s was really an ovls cavern not tmore thanr forty feet in its -longest mreasurcmrens. The roof sas about the samre Ireight, but, I can astsure you, that a pers :n lying on Iris back on a Iplain and lookinrt up at the vault of iheaven wouli tnt believe the latter to be larger than I did the chamber in which. I areoke to consciousness. \\\'ith little effnrt--a fact that suiprised tre even then-1- grit up on my etbow. and peered around. "T'he place was absolrtely tenantless save by miyself and I marvelled at it. My woiuncs felt as though almtost retrled and then it occurred to re thlat I must have beern weeks in tihe unconscious state. I Welil knew that unlessi I was under tihe spell of some ragnician, or in tihe hands of a wondelltll scientist sk:lled in tihe use of drowsy her bs, suchl nepenthe could not have come to i c." "And rmay I ask you," int.rrupted Mfills, "ifyou tad been it'an uncon scions, state for long ? Did you ever find that out ?"' `\'es. .Later on I discovered that I i was nearly' six weeks in at rance, or rather it could not be called a trance condition; for though sty brain was asleep my Ibodily frnctions continued S-and, it. fact, when my rmenrtal and t nervou.s faculties awoke I wats almost cured of my terrible injuries." "ishat is a irast extraordinary thirng," tihe squatter again said. " Yet it is absolutely true, as you will I rene," contirsseid O'ilailey. "After lorking rorund the chramnssr for some muinutes, I lay rack on tny couctr and blegars to shink the matter over. 'TIre only recollkctiont I ad of p-st everrts si-its tihe attack tsr-de by b'lclcks rrn Srtttrt's cnmtrp and tie cn itroe anrd sttb s'rqrtent -sorcs. 1 could rettrentblt'r the intlun of tinner s into the cavern inhsert I I-i and tire strange anttis thirs's carried on, buit tro frlrher crrevdl 1 get. irhe Iridleous atrrm of- Weooesa sas ever before sny uses, btut as I c:onrinurred to rtirirk tire inrtter out mestrory began to wevnte tIre thrend of cierenri-stances, anrd at last like ii tlash of i hlriine tire store ho Irose rrf nsis- meind was irlluriried seitir the figure of the etrange shltire titan. \- "I turnrctl tsy 'read it alr n aeri nit itre :hroutht and Ibeiide rise stood tIre tx t raordinrary being sihorn I tail Iefore seers in the black cavern. Asi gazed s at him I spade: an effort to sp~eak, but lie made a geslure of silence and sud denily left use. a 'IIPThPR XXII. intsrr, I tot sc t "A\s one itentally and pilysi.lly I1 paral~,er I ssalltchel tire slorlt' rltreat ing fitre' of the elwite apflatiriotn, fior y so far I ciould rrot rItlite comtrttireite'tte g thlat isy visitor ses a Ireitig of this sa world. '1'1g si-hole ti.ing soersted so unreal that my dloubts were sea cely' toI be wondered at, you a ill ray. \\\:air g I from the long trance ill which I bad lain in a place such. as my eves lad never before rested on and ainidst sur roundings appearing to rne weird and unnatural, perplexity and wondernt.itt were what might be expected. I saw the figure as it got ifrther away arc, le rate its pace, until in a few imoments it appeared to almost fly ni roes the seemi ing vast clhamber, and ioen with a shlarpl turn to the right I lost sight of it. "'A few moments aflter two fiures I entered the place and caine swiftly to- I wards me. Of course it was thIe ,p tical illusion of great distance which imade the movements of ily vi;itoirs appear so rapid. I soon d -covered that their usual gait was slow aind solemn. "'l'he second visitor was different I from thIe fiist inasmriuch as a long white beard depended froiii the cihm, wrhilst r the face of the first was. quite bare. ''The garb, too, of thei nreteicorrer seemd to my unaccustomed eyes of rik.t r I miaterial, thoughl it was of ithe sauite style as his conlpanirnrs. "On reaching ray couch I as re::s sured by thIe kindly look whii If thIe two beings b. stowed on rie. 'there i at least was no indlication of canni.il- I ism. 'The ghostly pallor of tIhe feces: was to ilie strangely i "pre sive, whi'st thIe eyes-motre rutby lthan Iinik iin c-:ur -considerably heiglhtened tihe lfic:t. " IRegarding me for a few iromer its, the second visitant took frror. Iris ciini panion a small brazier-sha red ves'cl containing what I took to bie white colored herbs, anid iby sonie means,'c which I did not detect at thIe timie, ignited them.i. " Swvinging the vessel over thIe couch a simell not muclh unlike hlsoi p stole upon my senses and I felt a delic:ious languor fal l upon me. Cranlually the froures standing by thle couch becrame more and more inidistinct, until at last they seemed to melt away in a 'ýIhite haze, and I remember no more. " When I again c.tne to mry senses I felt stronger anrd my faculties were on the alert. As before I was alone, but the clhambler was no:v somewhlat .tmi liar to ore and I Ibegan to discern that it was something like a cavern or anr oval room so arrarged witih mirrors that it extended itito inliniity. 1 sat up on the side of thIe couch whlichl I found was set upon legs and sides of white rock. WVith an effort I tried to stand, but was so giddy that I was fain to seek the aid of the couch. Then'l I noticed thiat tIhe clothinrg I wore when taken frrrrr Stuart's camp itas gone and irt mentts somewlhat similar to those I had seen on Ithe two mysterious visitants replas:cd them. 'IThey seere not so loose nor lquite so amplile, but were soft anid pileasant. I noticed tlhat they appeared to be knitted or woven, and very skil fully so. "ii felt for thIe wound on my shoulder but it was anc rst Ihealed, and thouighl 1 presscd it Ihard could not feel any pain. This was, indeed, a mar vellous transfirmrition, and 1 sottilht to think whalit had happened. In vain I iacl:ked my brain. No theory I could advanrce or tbuild up wouldl account satisfactorily for my positiron. glut a day or trwo prev'iously as I thought Stu rt's campi had I een attacked and I wounded al most unto death and carrlcd oil a prisoner by cannibal blacks. "The fearfuil journey to thIe side of the strange river lwhere the seterfall was, rose in my mindil, and then tihe scene in the cavern with the natives dancing arnd gesticulating around me were conjured up. I remembrl er the flight of the ba ks and tihe aplpeaV.urce of the while applari tion and also ay awakeninig. Dut what did it all mean ? " Common sense told itme, throrugh my wound Ibeing almrst healed, that unless a miracle had happened the nighlt attack onr tihe carmpr mtst lhave oc curred a tisnth or miore previously. Yet, what calised the blank in imemory during that period ? "IThere were no famtous lhospitals or physicians in Central Austra'ia to snalk such a trauis fo smation. lPerhaps, I re flected, Stuart rmay have rescued rile from the abr iginals and ronveyed me soutlh, but thIe absurdity of the suippisi tion at once struck ire. Such a tre. irendous journrey could not have been mrade without rmy knowledge, ranld, moreover I knew whlat a British Iis Ipital was like. "'l' The miysterious place I was now in did not bear the renmotest rcsentb'ance to such an institution, and neither did the ueer attendants. PerIli ps it was a lphantLmn hoslpital with ghostly nurses and doctors that I was an inmate of. I actually pinched myself as this thought flitted throgll mry miniid to see if I were living or deatl, but soon cots ecluded that I was very much alive. " :\fter siiting in an uprigt positioni trying to thlink out the problemtl of ty shliereablouts for misore titan half-an hoeurr, the gidediiiess shic:li at first aflictid me tlrrr.t;i. ticing so lonig re cumtinlieit I uitly Iass.'d asray. Wien I stirod up the secrnd im re I c:ou!d kerli my leter trnsil 's I tmrtle a fete sirlis awy.r ii otri the r'o'rclh thre settsatijrn of nr.r!kii:g axis uitlte a it vcl otie, I made toaneards tire apnpnarertly fkr-dtiretart traIl of tIre clnihtrr, tnt as I rentit ftrreard lts'iwly i trc utere iii appiirroatl tie ra uiely. At first thisi.ra bertI risdririg, ainut t soon grere accustomtted to it. I It 'eas seiris no little surharise I foundi after taking a tlrzen .stelis that I tad reachrgd the serll of the clianbier. A slhrrit examisntatin con';nced use it ssas forised of isolishled stone and arranged jit ieciliasr convse surfaccs. 'T'he stone -or itsurer th-e rr in lock-ca-is, I shoiuld sayr, granjre, btg it was veneerend aver' in a remrarikable ririnrrrer with thin flakes of crystal. " I was tryiing to fix miy attention on it to distirtgtrish wetlrcher it was natural or artil'tcial in fortrmationi, when a reflec tion canght my eyes tid turaing I bc held the tsro beings apltirotclhiing. S'J'iey reached the couch as I turned tnrid etood lthere atpplncatly w.i'inhag (of me to return to it. - Something id their riesn, or maynalp a peculiar attraction, L drict tire back anid slorly I ientt torsards the shot and sat done on tIre side of the b'd.-(ro sE coNTiNrUED) 2' I7 