f A N 1 /A U ST RAL I A N " :S;T6 Rfi i ' lcornjoiiT.J WHO IS HE ? OR The Indian Mahatia in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY or the Natural &. Supernatural, by tckwettt ila:-uiton jr.d., r. n. c.s. CHAPTER XXII. — (COXTDCUED.). "No, Miss Marsdcu ; the concerns of the city do not seem to belong to me in any way —and ret I remember now I did hear Sir Samuel Moses ask our friend, Lumsden, if the oily was not likely to have an earthquake soon, but Lumsden laughed long and loud, so I suppose it was only a joke. Rut some one calks. I must go. Good-night Edith, kind j au i... i - i'h L;'few-enci-gy and thoughts to-night." " I did not hear anyone call." " No ! there it is again — 'tis that man, the master of my life. I must go — I must go-!" Apparently quite oblivious of Edith or ball-room or anytliing, with a sudden, lialf- stujud look, Barton turned and went swiftly, witm the air of a somnambulist, out at the open door and over the smooth lawn into the quivering moonlit night. " George ! George, my darling ! What is it ? You — so strong, so able a man ! What is this mystery? Alas ! that you ever should have rescued me from a sleep that at least could not have had this yearning pain in it — and yet I cannot wish I had never known you ; but one thing remains — I must bear, as others havedone, and wait. Love can do no harm, but by its unselfish desire for the supreme good of the loved one will surely draw down blessings and be a guard from that evil influence whatever it may be." Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsden — at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, and your sympathy -with others who suffer will deepen and strengthen; so you shall bo of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonely woman, bearing others burdens because of the strength that has come of sorrow and silent bearing of your own. Many a lonely woman has so lived, and will so live while the old earth turns round. CHAPTER xyttt. THE SAFE BOBBERY. TTnlim Haki, or whatever was his name, and Barton, or whatever was his name, had left their old domicile in Little Bourke street. Barton never knew whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his companion and master. The In dian was inscrutable — at any rate he made the best of the inevitable and never grumbled against fortune no matter what pranks she played him. The relationship between the two men was unchanged. The Saxon sub- mitted to the awful will-force of the adept. It seemed as if the eastern magician played with him as the cat plays with the mouse, giving him mental latitude for a time only to withdraw the license again as if from mere whim. He played on the man as the skilled " musician plays on the stringed instrument, or rather as the expert horseman controls the mettled steed, at one time allowing him to pace and case and at another pressing homo the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when he told Miss Marsden that he could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were nlmost as distinct as if there were two bodies and two souls. But Halim had not quite deserted Little Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses a population sui generis. In its dens may be found the besotted Chinese, the savage Afghan, the stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps the detective seeking his prey in these squalid purliens, or the sturdy police man walking carefidly up the narrow roadway knew something of the Indian's dark and mysterious iiousoj but tiioy iinci niwuys enough business on hand to prevent them making incursions into regions which might not turn out profitable, and the house was left severely alone. The only one seen in connection with the place was a fierce Ben galee, who looked as if "Thuggism" was his creed and its practice his forte. In the same room there in Little Bourke street in which we saw domiciled our mysteri ous acquaintances, we can see the same two men seated again as they then were. " Bar ton's " eyes had the same far-away look in them as we noticed then, and he had evidently returned from one of those mysterious jour- ngys in spirit land, on which he travelled obedient to the will of his companion. "The time has come," said the Indian, "when we must make our first attempt. I am sure you will be ready." "Yes," said Barton ; " I am ready, but I do not understand your aims. There is something in me that rebels against it all, and yet I cannot force myself free. Yon overpower me. I feel oppressed here and there," striking his head and heart. " I know you are hurrying me into some infernal wickedness or another. I know you have had me in the past by some infernal wickedness, and yet I can do nothing. Curse you !" ho continued, "I don't know what keeps my hands from your throat, you villain, to throttle you, to squeeze your life out of your miserable caspass bit by bit." HeIiaA- suddenly reached the stago of furious rage, and he rose up and strode over to the Indian, who remained calm and care less. U" See," Barton went on, " that arm — look that chest. Why, man, I could crush the little insignificant life out of you before onehowl of fear could pierce these walls." 1 " Hush," said the Indian, calmly and authoritatively, and the man uttered not an other word. "Listen. To-night our first attempt has to be made, and there must be no failure. The object is to checkmate wickedness, as you puritanical English call it, and two old friends of yours, Pen-in and Simpson, will thank you well hereafter. Why I should interest myself about them I can hardly understand, and I don't think it comes from weakness — and the speaker smiled — Now, what I want done I can explain in a very short time. You know where the horse and cart are?" "Yes." " Very well, you must have the cart and horse on the crossing of the St. Kilda and Domain Roads at half-past eleven to-night. You must not wait for me butcontinue walk ing up the road. I shall be there and follow you, and after you reach Flinders street I'll get on the cart and take the reins. Do not notice anything, hut simply do as I tell you — you understand." "Yes! I understand?" "It is now nine o'clock and you must start at once. Yon must put on the dress I provided for you. Remember in all this you have nothing to fear no matter what may — happen, I assure you of that, and I also assure you that whatever will bo done to-niglit will injure those who deserve injury, and may do good to those who deserve it. That is an ctliicnl «oblem for you when it is stated by mo. Now go, and remember what I have said." About half- past eleven a waggon was driven at the usual easy pace up the St. Kilda Road. The driver looked as listless as the gentleman of his profession as a general rule do. The big horse jogged along at his ease, taking everything as it came with the indif ference of custom. Soon were seen the long array of lights which illuminate Trince's Bridge, stretching out into the comparative darkness of the city beyond. Here and thcro the tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty tower received the ghost-like reflec tion of a street lamp and stood out like fresco- work from the background of a leaden sky. The policeman on his solitary heat along the bridge watched with lazy iudiffcrenco the huge horse and cart as they rolled past, and waked the echoes of the silent street with hollow rumbling. He was even inclined to relievo the monotony of l.is vigil by saluting tho driver. What a condescension of tbo spec, and span constable to unofficial mor tality—but ho seemed half asleep on his perch and the constable thought no more about it. Opposite the fish-market a new arrival sprang to the perch beside the driver not stopping the lumberinir waggon which thun dered up Flinders street without attracting a glance from a passer-by or even the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached tho more retired streets, where in the stirring hours of day the merchant princes of the "Queen City of the South" are won't to congregate. Tho great black houses were now unoccupied and in darkness, save where in the basements here and there or in tho attics a little light gleamed from the uncur tained window where tho watchman kept nightly guard. The cart lumbered away and finally turned into tho narrow street at tho rear of "William street and up one of the right-of-ways leading to the back premises of the building in which were situated the offices of Sir "William Wal lace. The cart was backed with the greatest coolness as close as possible to the wall and tho two men descended. At a touch tho gate was opened, and one of the men, who seemed to have the power of seeing in the dark, entered the back yard without hesita tion. "Yon remain here," ho said in an ordinary tone to his companion. " I shall call for you when I want you." Ho walked up to a window barred with heavy iron, and, seizing one of the bars, ho touched it with some chemicals which he took from his pocket. At once a lambent flame licked tho metal and stole rapidly from bot tom to top of the rod, throning as it spread a flickering light on a magnificent diamond ho wore on his finger which reflected it again in a thousand coruscations of every tint. The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor mouldered — it simply resolved it self. Tiic man with the utmost dexterity cut a circular piece from the large window- pane, and the next moment he had swung himself into the inner temple of Mammon, the office of Sir "William. "Might have avoided this trouble but for the chains," he muttered. " Now, I must sec about tlic watchman." Ho scarcely touched tho bolted door when it seemed to spring open of its own accord. The whole building was in the dense gloom and darkness of night, but this did not trouble the mysterious visitor. He made bis way to the foot of the stairs and calmly walked up, stop by step, until he reached tbo attic, where beneath one of the doors a light shone showing that room at least had a tenant. The door was suddeuly flung open and a young man appeared on the threshold with a revolver in one hand and a heavy life- preserver in the other. " "Who are you?" ho cried, as the stranger approached him with calm unconcern. "Put up your weapon, friend." The "friend" had presented the revolver straight at his head. i-r " Why should I ?" " Because I tell you to do so, and T am ac customed to be obeyed," said the other, and, wonderful to relate, after a moment's hesita tion the deadly weapon was lowered, and the watchman's eyes drooped under the magnetic gaze of the stranger. " Back to your couch," ho said to the man, and obedient as a dog ho obeyed. Into tho little room he went and threw himself heavily on tho mattras in a corner. " Must give the thing an appearance," said the visitor to himself with a smile, as ho proceeded to bind tho man as he lay with a rope ho took from his pocket. The business was quickly done, and then ho turned to the victim or subject, which you wiH, and told him not to awako for three hours and " forget." Whether the magnetic sloop is cataleptic or not tho man obeyed the orders, and when the mysterious stranger loft tho room he left be hind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and senseless. Very deliberately the Indian, for it was he as will bo very easily understood, walked down the stairs and returned to tho office. He at once approached tho safe, and, taking the same bottle from his pocket, applied the con tents all around tho lock, first taking the pre caution to keep the action of the liquid under control. Again the metal yielded and disappeared. Tho massive door swung open and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. Tho Indian walked to the window and summoned his companion avho leisurely approached." " Take the boxes I shall give you to the cart and place them inside," said the master. Box after box was convoyed to the window and thence to the cart without the slightest interruption, until the whole contents of the safe were removed. Then and only then the Indian was contented, and he quickly left the place, drawing down the broken window as he stood on tho window-sill. Barton and ho mounted the perch, and the big horse jogged away at his usual pace though his load was much gTeater than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke tho echoes of tho deserted street, and again some policeman heard tho sound with indif ference and hardly cast a thought on the late contingent of the army of the night. Next day the columns of the evening papers were filled with accounts of the most mysteri ous and audacious safe robbery, and for a week or perhaps full nine days the whole journaldoin of the colonies was in a ferment, and the detectives and police forces received tho scarifying they always deserve and, poor wretches, get without mercy. But the cart had jogged along the Brighton Road until it was near Elsternwick where it halted, and from behind a terrace of half- built houses Barton led a horse and a light trap. The contents of the cart were quickly transferred, and the two meu took their seat on the veliiclo and then drove rapidly away in the direction of St. Kilda beach. Two days after Johu Smith at the St. Kilda Court was fined for allowing this cart and horse to wander. He pleaded guilty to the insinuation of "a wee drop too much," and paid his fine like a man. CHAPTER XXIV. THE COMMERCIAL CRASH. There was rare confusion in "Wallace's Toorak mansion. Long before the master of the establishment was accustomed to leave his bedroom a hansom cab had driven up furiously to the door, and a man had rung tho boll with such startling energy that the calni, decorous, and obsequious footmen liad been s agitated that their powdered locks stood up on end, and the man who liad at last regained sufficient courage to open the door looked as if a recent earthquake had shaken him out of his senses. Without Availing for explanation tho mes senger pushed into the magnificent hall and asked for Sir William. "I must see him at once even in his bed room," said he, "and show me tho bedroom quickly." Thcro Avas 110 denying him, and he was led up the staircase by the footuian Avho cu- -leavored to impress oil tlic gentleman that be would not be responsible for disobeying "borders" in such an outrageous manner. Sir William opened tlic door of his dressing- room and received the messenger witb.every appearance of surprise. The messenger was the obsequious secretarv. As soon as Sir William saAV him he hurried him into tho room, leaving the flunkey bewildered and as wise as over at the door. Five minutes aftei the bell of tlic dressing-room Avas also ringing furiously, and tlic footman. av1io answered — he bad not been far from the door— saw bis masterfully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. " If the hansom has not gone detain it for five minutes. If it lias gone order Jones to bring out the carriage as quickly as he can got the horses in." The footman for onco in his Kfe made his well-padded limbs do duty in earnest. He rushed doAVn the stairs and flew to the door. Tho hansom had not gone, and the driver was rubbing doAvn his smoking horse. Two minutes after Wallace came down tho stairs with headlong haste, and, Avithout a word to the Avondcring servants, lie sprang into the hansom folloAved by his secretary. " For your life, quick ! " he called out to the cabby. "I'll find you a new horse if that one goes under." Tho cabman knoAV his customer, and leaped to liis box in an instant, and in another in stant tho vehicle was sweeping doAvn the avenuo and out of the gates into tho road. The horse and driver bravely earned the muni ficent faro which the latter received from tho secretary when the passengers, were landed at the William-street office. There were a foAV loungers about the doors, and the pre mises Avere in the charge of tlic police. Tho constables saluted. The great financier Avas a man to he honored. Wallace came into the office and ran at once to the safe. It Avas as had been re ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not a coin of the realm Avas there. What could bo done? Two detectives Avere making a care ful examination of the premises. Tliey saw the void round tho place where once tho clmbb used to bo. They saw the groat circle cut out of the windoAv-pnne. Everyone saw that as well as the officers. But where was the iron bar gone to ? Where were the shat tered pieces of the safe ? They couldn't bcc these any more than the less export on lookers. Wallace said never a word, but in his brain there was always a dull echo as if a fiend was whispering, "Done for, done for!" in every key and on every tune that he had ever heard. The full extent of the disaster only himself could know. Even the money Avas only the least of his losses. There has been evidence in that huge safe enough to destroy the highest reputations in Victoria, his among the rest. "What was to be done? Was there any way out of such ruin ? Send for Lumsden, and at once." Lumsden camo and Wallace made no ex aggerated display. He simply pointed to the safe. " All gone," he said. "You're mad to say so !" cried the other. "Neither mad, nor dreaming," said Sir William. " What, all that money gone ?" "Yes, every stiver " The two men looked at each other with despair in their eyes. "Then, this is no place for me," said Lumsden, getting up and coming round to Wallace's chair and Avhispcring to him : " I shall pick up tho few thousands I told you of and slope and share with you. It is not much, but it will carry us over to the Pacific Slope." Wallace smiled. "Well," he, replied, "there is honor among thieves after all. But no ! my hoy. Get away yourself. I am done for, and shall meet it all. What you do, however, you Avill have to do quickly or you will not have the chance of doing anything." Lumsden took his ally's hand and pressed it warmlv. Good-bve. old man. crood-bvo and better luck. I daren't meet tho sho devils of the south or I'd seo it out with you. But hang it, man, they Avould tear me in pieces if they knew all." At tliis moment a telegram was put in his hand. Ho opened it. It Avas a telegram from Halim Haki, Launccston, and ran as folloAvs : " I shall Avant to Avithdraw the valuables you have of mine on Monday next. I am sure the shortness of the notice .will not trouble you." Wallace laughed aloud at the reading of the telegram. "Well, Halim Haki," said he, soliloquis ing, " I doubt you Avill haA-e to take out a haAvker's license. Your gold and your dia monds have gone Avhere I doubt you will not follow them." But let me to business. Ho took up his pen and Avrote continuously for upwards of an hour. He gave strict orders that no one Avas to he admitted ; that ho Avas in to no one until noon. He could hear the inquiries made in the outer room about himself — about the safe robbery, and conjectures about tho amount of gold that had been stolen, but ho Avrote on. At last ho finished and ho quietly rolled up the manuscript and sealed, then as quietly he took a small revolver from his desk- drawer, and, after trying with it for a minute or so, pulled the trigger and William Wallace was no more. Tho quiet way in which it was all done was the only very remarkable fact about it all. Suicide may bo regarded as cowardly, but there are some positions in which, Avhcn men like Wallace are placed, they can see no other alternative. Tho Roman philosopher would not blame them. CHAPTER XXV. BAXK SUSPENSIONS. Collins street was in an uproar. Men and women and children rushed about' like the ants of a nest on which some heavy animal has trodden and brought ruin. There was madness in the air — the madness of despair, of disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunes, and where did the ruin end? Was there any in stitution safe? Was tho country itself safe? It Avas not to bo wondered at that tho people of Victoria were well nigh frenzied. The struggle for existence is a hard one at tho best, and men of even temperate hopes look forward to surcease of the labor and toil of battle, and risked tbeir present possession for a future gain. Melbourne had been in tho clouds. What need Avould there be for work ing when the whole outside world was about to throw into Victoria its accumulated wealth ? What more to do than to spend a little money now and draw it in again increased a hun dred- fold? It Avas the easiest way of mak ing a pro\\-ision for the future rainy day that had ever been planned, and a good many plans have been formed in this old world of ours to find a short-cut to wealth. W. H. U (10 be costufubo.) i 