THE OLDBST DREBS-1 MAKER'S BILL IN THE WORLD. EOYTT (write* Mr. St Obad Bo*o*wen In the Queen) ba* been aalled ' tbe land of eutprlMi.' Year after year tbe ex plorers In tbe Nile lend bring to llgbt some new snd stsrtllng examples or art, revealing to u* tbe aatonlsblng charaotsr or tbe early civilisation or the Egyptians. Egypt ba* now a rival tn tbe slater civi lisation ot anolent Obaldea. Although In art Cbaldea is far beblnd the land ot the Nile, eepeolally In tbe art of painting, tbe reatoratlin of tbe ssrly olvillastlou and tbe perfect ploture wblob we oan form of tbe life and manuals and custom* of tbe people ere almoat a* oomplete as tbat wblch we oan restore of Egypt In tbe Pyramid age. Tbe alartllng feature ol tbe dlaooverlea reeultlng from tbedeoi pberment of tbe cuneiform Inscriptions has been tbe numerous detslls or popular life wblob are accessible to us. The little clsy tablets not only contain tbe reoords of kings and princes, but even or tbe poorest of tbe people, elaves and beggars. Iu ao great a literary land as Cbsldes every trsnasctlon, no matter bow email, was recorded In writing, and tbua we bave many details ot trsosaotloDs wblob would ntbsrwlse have been tor ever lost. Among tbe documents that bave been discovered Is a tsbtet wblob may be well called ' the oldest dress maker's bill In the world.' It was tbe custom of Babylonian klnga to present to tbe temples sets of robes for tbe nseol tbe priests and priestesses. Tbls way usually done every year, and we bave many of these lists In tbe British Museum. Tbe oldest hitbsrto known baB been tbat of a king about 1450 B.o. There are eeveral of a later period, but tbe document before us is far older than any yet found. Tbe tablet, wblob Is of limestone, was dis covered lo tbe rulnB of the temple lo tbe city or Nlpur in Southern Cbaldea. Tbls temple wasdedloted to tbe ghost god, snd had a very large priesthood attached to It. From tbe style or tbe writing, whlob is extremely arobalc, and from tbe curious system of numsrala employed, the tablet oannot be of later date than 2800 B.C. It contains a list of 92 vestments wblcb were presented to tbe temple by tbe king. Tbe name of tbe king Is un fortunately not given. Tbe end of tbe tablet reads:— 'In all ninety-two pore vestments, tbe bill [liBt] of tbe temple for tbe priests this year.' Many or the words are unknown to us, as tbey are, no doubt, many or them teohnloal terms employed bv tbe modistes or the period. Some of tbe lines, however, are of particular Inter est — those tbat can be eatlsfaotorlly deciphered. Among tbe Items are, 'Twelve white robes of the temple, eight robes of tbe bouse of bis lady, ten collars of tbs bouse of hie lady, ten pure gold collars, two wide robes.' One Item of nspeolsl interest occurs nsar tbe end, ' Four scented robes.' This reminds as ot tbe psBssges In Psalm xlv., speaking of the robes redolent of 'myrrb snd aloes and csssis.' It was, no doubt, tbe custom lo Babylonia to perfume tbe robes, as It Ib to tbis day In Persia and India. Another Item Is also illustrative or Eastern lite: 'Two Winders,' pro bably scarfs used for binding round tbe waist. Tbe documsnt baa likewlae ao additional valne in showing tbe great development wblcb bad taken place In tbe textile arte In Cbaldea even at this early period. Tbe decorations on tbe etatues ot Gudsa (B.c. 2800), tbe em broidered fringes, show that tbe skill of tbe weaver aod tbe embroiderer was far advanced ; and It Is a curious feature to notice that nearly all tbe attempts at deooratlve work In early Cbaldea are In pattern* wblob are derived from textile designs. 