SLEUBOROUUHRY5THEM WESLEYAN CHURiCH. TheBev. T. Ellson oonpied the pulpit at the Xllebouronuh-.teet Weeslegen Church on Sunday slat, There were large congregations ilboth mlerroes. In tbhe morning the rev. attean preaohed from the test, "Aund feeu. heing foll of the Holy Ghost. returned from Jordae, and wire led by the Spirit, ioto -hu *rllernese, being fort, days tempted of the dnil." He pointed ot that, like the Mem:er, a bhnmality most expeot to bhve to engage In a casetant light and struggle with the p-wew of darknes and temptation. Christ ybatlnto the auninhabited wil dernees to mest Slapo hiown groands. Whse any douetfal alilprles ipreented Itself,- therefore, the _ _?te, one ghonld ask whether it was not a "I. from the Spirit of God to over '-es emptation. We habed precisely the ') lustroment to defeat the temptter e Chrlet had-the Word of God. :Pi hid.a ther was once tempted by a . -sprt o~oib talsnted him with hbving com .etsd a most formldable array of sloe, bat he -shable to vertbhrow the tempter by quotineg hee-o e terL. "The blood of Chriet eleanseth roum f einP. Theloremot lesson to be learnot fru the test was that of implioct truet in God. \- _ thevenllgthe life of Daniel we taken as the b"meaid dilsoarae, the verse soleoted being, 4-MowerherDDaeiel knew that the writing wasl e'•eed, he ent uinto h elolnse; and his windows einiig ope I hlsohambertowards Jere alem, he keuled upon ble kneesl three times e day, and pvad, and geave thsks before hie God, as he didaforetime," The grominent points in the libt"ryof Daleli'ellfq were graphicaldly tasken :ip, and his atesadlfastnese and trust in God e.pmuended se as azample worthy of imitation. Thera wete still the deorces of the soeptic, the sabeliever, end the lcorer s?nstst prayer, hobut thee should never lead the Chrlatian to forget the soriptursl iojunotioun, " Maen ought atways * ?ory oe! not to faint," Dorinlg thbe even. log! e.zrvhuo the li~v. R St~n·ort refe~rred in frolig~p trml to tho R lace10 which gtie Cootchee in Iplwieh hci~ acet~ilecr theouch t~,e Inmeatotd teglh of the lo~;t Mr. John Itl~cior. In.· etd. on tohleif of then ·ctgr~gntior, .lrlefa tLI ·ienest elwpothy w'id( tIe ei toO~ ed fanily of the alce aned Rentleeans. 