A Baseless Charge. John Bethune, a very respectable-looking man, described as a laborer, was charged before Mr. Addison, S.M., at the Central P. Court yesterday, with having attempted to steal Is Id from John Kelly. Prosecutor stated that he lived any where, sometimes sleeping at the Salvation Army Barracks, , and other different places. He went to sleep under a tree in the park with hia coat over nig head, and woke up and found accused with his hand in his pocket. He followed accused, and held him till a constable came up, and gave him into custody. In reply to his Worship prosecutor stated that'he was not sober, and had had three or four drinks, and might have had six. ' Yes,' remarked his Worship, 'you're one of those poor men who have no money and have to sleep in the park. Poor fellow, I'm afraid there's a great many like you.' Accused said that the whole thing was a wicked falsehood. He owned 250 acres of land in Victoria, and was going away to Grenfell that day, and had a slip in his pocket for money he had transmitted to that place. His Worship remarked that possibly some one put their hand into prosecutor's pocket but prose cutor was under the influence of drink and did not know who it was. TTia Worship discharged accused and remarked ' I believe you are an innocent man, and have been brought here on a false charge altogether.' A musical and dramatic entertainment in aid of the f onds of the Iona Cricket Club took place at the School of Arts, North Sydney, last evening, when, despite the .unfavorable weather, there was a full house. The programme was opened with a pianoforte overture by Mr. Alf. 3£rwin, after which the following contributed : Mrs. H. Stewart, Miss Stevens, Messrs. Geo. W. What more, Edwd. Finn, A. Merchant, Raynor Brothers, G. MaTiTiix, C. Weston, and the American Banjo Club. The entertainment was brought to a close with F. W. Broughton's comedy 'Written in Sand,' the characters being ably sustained by Misses Watson and Wieeheart, Messrs. G. W. Whatmore, G. B. Plummer, and L. Quiet. The duties of secretary were carried out by Mr. H. EarL A successful benefit .concert was: tendered to Mr. Joe Lloyd, who is in distressed circumstances, by the Newtown Electric Minstrel Company in the Oddfellows' Hall, Snmore-road, Newtown, on Wednesday evening, under the patronage of the Newtown Labor League. The members of the company acquitted themselves Very creditably. Messrs. Keenan and A. Selwyn as 'bones,' and Messrs. -Cole and Plows as 'tambos,' caused much amusement by their jokes. Some very good songs were given by Messrs. Cashin, Selwyn, and Miss Blanche Kyngdon, Miss Nellie M'Phee, Miss Myra Carlton, and Miss Amy Kyngdon. The concert concluded with the laughable farce ' The Ghost in the Pawnshop.' 