THE NEW LODtiER ; MR TOMPKINS' FRIEND. ** Miss Effie, it'e no nee; you'll have to take anybody that comes, or gira up the " Perhaps I'd better pve it uj>, Sarah ?'• Do as you pl«r&>, miss; bat it'e little the furniture will bring you, sod ther«H be tent Cor another thrve qmttae, «nd if you have to pay for lodging, yowll find tbem dear and not at ail comfortable " " He's a very respectable old gentleman, yon say ?" " Couidn'c be more ti. He's lived in this house for months r.t a time. He gives very little trouble, and pays most regular. Xou needn't never cee htm yourself, miia ; not unlefs yon like. I'll take his orders; he's used to me, bless yon. Yea just nuke oat hiB bills And I'll take them sad get them paid- His oomm-z now would tide us over the time till the ladies come back." " Then Sarah, yon may write and t»»H b'm he can come. Ton may say that Mra Brown is dead, bnt the lady who is keeping on the house has everything just the suae. I dare say it wits eilly of me to make any difficulty." And BO the matter was settled, and EHie knew that she would be able to pay her rent as before. Also, when old Mr Tompkins took possession of his rooms he proved « harmless, quiet, pleasant eld gentleman. He greeted Effie with courtesy when he met her on the stairs, a^d she est him at so other time. He paid his bills with the utmost rej^ularity. "My landlady looks young," he remarked to Sarah. " I euppoae she is old Mrs Brown's niece ?" " I don't know as she's GO near a relation as that/' said , stolidly. Bnt the impression remained in Mr Tompkins* mind that Effie was his late landlady's niece, and that her name was Brown. This impression was likely to be confirmed by the fact that Effie continued to make oat her accounts on the came printed forms that the late Mrs Brown had need. Mr Brown had been a grocer, and had. shortly before his decease, procured a no® stock of bill-heads, cn which to send out his accounts to his customers. When his widow took ap the lodging house business she made use of these bill-heads for her accounts, only crossing out the word grocer which followed " R. Brown." And cow Effie used them in her turn. She had no proper right to do so, bec&nse; her name was not Bmra; but she disliked to put her name on these bills, eo she TO®" the words " successor to" over the name "E. Brown 4\. lodging house bill is not usually a very fiTmal t Stir, so nobody noticed the custom or inquired into its meaning. Her signature, "* E Bruce," was never very legibly written. and many people read it " E. Brown." Of her own name she was secretly very proud, eo proud that she would gladly have dropped it in her present obscure circumstances She was B poor but solitary member oS a great house, and she had been reared in luxury and refinement. The node who had educated her kept a large establishment, and I ked to have it full of company. Effie had had pretty gowns to wear, and horses to ride, and had known what it was to be flittered and courted ns tbe mistress of a house where hospitality was lavish and the company agreeable. She h.\d known, too, all the triumphs of a pretty woman who had beautiful drosses and social advantages at her command. Her uncle's property, however, was entsil.'d, and he had never saved any money. He M no children, and did not perhaps outsider that Effi 3*6 claim on him could • to * provision after hi? death, I Probably he expected ha to marry; and she .might have done so if he had not died Buddan*T when she was only twenty. Three ytara had pissed since then, and Effie had learned what it was to be poor and lonely. The kindness of her uncle's friends toward her had promised to be of a Elsck and uncertain sort, and she thought that she preferred independence. She was /jot qualified to take » really good place as governess ; but she had a lovely voice and groat taste for music. She determined, therefore, to goto the city and take pupils She took lodgings with Mrs Brown, who bod been her mother's maid twenty years before, and who continued to treat her. in gpite" cf her poverty, with the deepest respect But Effie fa^d not prospered. She vrss not experienced in the ways of the world, an4 ehe avoided rather than sought her old friends. Often ehe had a difficulty in earning enough to Jive. But Mrs Erown •was very kind to her, and at last wcnld have been glad to let her live in the housa for nothing- Thai Mrs Brown died, and it was found thai- she had left her furniture to Effie. She had spoken of it long before to her servant, Sarah. " I bought it with money I saved when I was with Mrs Bruce," she declared, '-and it ehall go back where it came from eo Jong as I've no heir of my own to give it to. And there's many a daughter wouldn't have been as good as she's been to me in ifchis nLcesa. My bit of savings go to yon, £ecah, as I've promised, because you've tsslped me to make them. -Sot the furniture will help to ketp a home for that poor xotmg tiling, and I don't see why the hoare ghwMat go MI as before with yon to JDHJiVge it" The blouse had gone on jus b '.fore, until 43i« two £wden ladies who occupied the, beet rooms wera ordered to the south of France fur tht winter, and the widow who bad been a fixture for yeara in the diningroom suite wrat awn; to live with a pMnrirf eon. Then it was that Tompkins made his application, and was accepted. Effie had thou^hfc that she would not like to take genti-imen u loggers; bnt business 4xxdd not be conducted on such principles <b£ f&etidiouEiKSB;, and just now ehe was vecy short of pupils. So Mr Tompkins His coming Beem^d at first to make jjo m l difference to Effie. 11 was about a month afterward that she can*; in <rsy tired fans a long walk. She had <jeen giricg lessons in the afternoon, and sbe had come through the dirk on her way back- She sot downatihe testable in itf Sttie backaitting room, bnt ate nothing. "C.'vne, now, jfics E|£a, whatfe the matter T" asid Sarah, cheerily. " T c*n> tell yon," ehe said, pushing her diirbom Cba table and looking arooad her. it was a dreary 1 pUce. She felt choked by the meanness if- ita dark and dingy w»Uu- The life die litied seemed intolerable in its property ecu loneliness. She bad no frierds in the wo.*ld, nobody to speak to of her own a&airs;, Mi*pt this OOA-QKUIREA EERANB " Something has happened," said Ssiah ; _J*ve never seen y»u like this before. «lfs only," Effie answered, "that 1*™ isecci a ghost." Ite&sr; than that she would eay nothing. At this time she had ceased to think of Mr TompkiiiEi. leaving him entirely to the management of Sarah. Hie had, the weak before, gone into the ewmfcry on a visit, bat he retained hia rooms. " There's a letter b&r; yon to look at, Sarah remarked, after a while, and Effie j»»ed herself to open and read it. It was adflreesed to Man Brown, die taw it ^oatsaned nothing & any private iulwest When, indeed, did any letter come to hear tfc*tdid? - , * It oouceras ycainoiB than it oeea die, • < ~ -> • I ii I1u> lmnmBriii n w i i *-v - ••>•• — —r— offissi theuae of hia room ^ —-- Cew-nlefalB. and the friend will vnve towxugj. nnmrn ft wffl make ™ Bb.nuee." . St algnt _ b»d tbaage dreame. music and pleaE%nt voices, ehe wandered through gardens rich in flawers. It WJ»S a selfish and sordid dream, perhaps, but it was like a taste of heaven after the life she had led, and into that dream ther came a voice pleasanter than axiy of the other, and the touch o! a hand that made her own tremble; tbere was such a thrill of emotion in the mot-ting that she started out of her sleep and awoke eofcbiag. Oh. how emptv and ugly was the world about her ! Sua'a was kind to her, but no one else; and what could Sarah do io help her in her heart-loneliness t His was still but a tender y>uug thing, and had bean used for k> many years to have at lesat the eemblanoe of love about her. She had been petted and praised, all her wants had been minisUr^d to, and her favor had been courted and valued. Now sh» counted for nothing in the world where shillings were of more value than sweet loks. The world was sordid; people counted their pennies grudgingly into soft young fiogera. which had been made anly—as it seemed in her old life—for the tender touches if friendship and love. She had met a man that day wbo bdong*d to her old life, who bad nslpei ber, inde«i, to spoil -t, and n w she rere»t*d to herself, "If I h*d asver teen biasI" It wss not that 6h«5 had evtr iorrd h:m, bat tin!, in >he wilfulness of * happy Urne, eha had let her intercourse with him vex and offend the man •he had really Joved. " Row couLr I be to foolish 2" »he siW to henilf; and tfeen she went on to murmur, thinking of the man she hid loved ; " I hope h-i will never kuovror guess whai a miserable thing I am now." She fauri-M that he would only pi'-T and ht-r, for be hs<{ r.ever realiy loved her; and it (censed to her that already fcbc bed taken the tone of her tuTtoundings, so that all gjace and btauty had left her. " I ml^bt hare been so happy no*," ehe satd, anil crie^ heree'f to chwp offain. Mr Tomkiub' fait mi arrived ibe next day, while she «a' out wi:h her pcpild. », toiling wearily nptfairs os her rtturn, when his door oj^ntd and he said— Sarah." She stood ?t:'J, her hand on the banister, oat she did not ;ook round; it ceemsd es it sbe had b»en turned into etant*. If anyone had been in fr-mt of her, be would ba^e seen that her face, w» wait; as it coald weii be. and thi.t htr moath was drawn with x. strong look rf ili^'-res*. liac th? lodge* w'a* below, and 6ii nat pla-ee op ; Simh cacse burrying oot of ihs kitchen, and *-hile t ; e two talkad, Effie went on uptlain slowly and softly. Wh«n she reach*d her own room she tat down by the bsd; she »as lTtmt>li»g ail over now, and cid not even attempt to take r.ff ber jarke'. Invteai of that she rang hex b«l', a thine had not done fcr yearn, for she had long Inarnt to do without p^tscna! attendane*. Tbe stiaageneis ol tbeicciacnt madi> Strati ha»l»n upatain. " Who is that, So ah f" Effie at tci " Whs ware you talking to J'* " The new lodger—Sir Tompkins' friend I mean. He came half an hoar a£t>." Bnt be is not going to stay ? ' " Why, certainly, mns ; yoa said yourssif it made no ci2er*mce." " I did not know, then; bat it is impoisible that he should stay." " I'm afraid he'll have to. He'6 brought his thing® and everything. We can't turn htm out. and why should WE f He's sere: b'en rude to you, nji«T" ** Bude to me' He would be rude to no OB*. Bat—bat—if he stays, I cannot; 1 must go," said Effie, wildly ; and sLe began to tie her bonnet strings again. " Just «t »ti:L, atd let me get you a ccp of tfa. Y«i don't know what you're iijiag. Voa're tired to death." " T know quite well. Hi is Mr Lana ; he i3 Paul Lucas, and he has come iere!" *• Lues is his name, sure enough, but what diffsresc* that ehocld make I can't see. Ven've saken cold," said the good woman, wish ansosa Kj'idtnde, "tad got put cut about something. Get your taingB ofi and come downstairs," I cannot come down, unlets It ia to go out and come back no more. 1 might meet him if I did." " I don't see how that would matter. He's a gentleman, and you eay yourself he'd never be rule to anyone. I didn't thiol, yon were cue to have such fancies, jest bccente he's younger than we thought." u But he weald know me, Sarah." I can't tell what you mean, Miss Effi*. Have yoa met fcitn before I" " Met him ! He ou;ht to htve bees—if 1 hai n A bjen a fool he would {iave 'been— oh, Sarah, how can I tell yon ?'* and she put htr head down on the coarse colored counterpane and sobbed bitterly. " Nay, miss, if yoa won't tell me, how can I help you I Tet, if it's as bad as this it would t« bett to know." " He ia the mia I was to—thst my uncle wanted ms to marry." " Ah !*' safd Sarab, light bi«tki=g in npon her, " and you didn't like him." Sot like him 1" said Effie, fiercely, the pent-u:* pss i?c of loog yars breaking out under this profocatioa. "I love him with all my heart. I wish he would speak to me to-night as h? ones £id—oclycnce before, and then tiai I might die and have done •with it. Mid faritet tbe reet,™ "Good Lordl" said the woman, shocked as well ai ams>zsw, " I didn't think yoa were that sort." »' I didn't think eo myulf," said Effie; " bnt I am tired, tired to death, and 1 don't care what I ssy." "Poor dear! Yon've had a bad time, and not w.'-at you've been used tn," sai4 Sarab, her sympathy returning. "Bnt jon don't mean to tay that ce diin't like yon 1" " He dii«'t me—mncii," s*id Effie, in gelf-Bcorn, "and I vexed him. So he went away." Well, EOW he's back it'll all come right," »»<d Sarah, cheerfully. *' Ton come down and git jour tea—tsd how would it be if you was to take his in on a tray as a surprise, and see what wocM come of it!" Poor Effie I The bitteraesi of her poriticn was sot likely to be nnderitood by this rude bat faitl ful friend. Sbe had spoken almoit abjectly of her love for Paol Lucas, an4 yet she wonld rather die than let him g««s her feeling*, or meet him at all in her present position. How could Sarah comprehend that P At last, however, she made, it clear that she wculd not eminent to remain in the house another moment if Mr IiiicaH knew that sho was there ; as she had nowhere else to go to, this threat was certain to make Sanh keep her necreteafely. Then Suah foaght against Effia's desire to send Mrtlracw away. There was »o reason that could be given—if she tried to turn Mm oat he would demand to see the mistxees. "Then where would yoa bef" sbe asked. "Itisbatafewdaya. Ton need never be on the stairs when he ia in the bonse. Ill bring your things up and down for you, and yon can go oat the back way. He's wit of the sort topry into {daces that don't belong to lam. He's too much the So Effie agreed to do nothing desperate. Only aha sat up in her oeld room wrapped in a shawl until Mr Loess went out- Tnen ehe crept down to the kitchen firs and had ber tea. She 'was afraid of bong alone at all while he was so near. She felt that if left to her own thoughts ehe would be driven to da something strange. She might even get op and walk into the dining-room to eay to him,— " Won't you forgive me, PauL I never loved any one but you." What mold have been mone dreadful thin that P What desperate humiliation— what depths of ignoble aeifacoai might not be expected fa>follow f At least now she could, tosome degree, respect herself, while she dwelt rimta in her iniaery and he did not know it. i CHAPTER IL The next day. Paid Xoeaa «u walking alone through the park. He had but receatiy retnrned to England, and hia thoughts were full of a girl whom he had loved before lie went away. •*I dont tbink he was worthy of fc<r," be taid to himsett, "bat it was «at» gal ffrr* Am riinnld Kto bfan Ha lwi so confoundedly crcss, no wonder she hated XQJC." He was walking briskly, for his disappointment had n^t injured his health, and he had prospered in the world sice a, which made it easier to bear his trouble without despondency. Ma did not notiej at fitet thsit he wim grsdnslly overtaking a young girl who walked elowly as if she felt tired. Something the way she carried herself at bst- attracted his attention, and settled hi™ iato further observation. It was like her, certainly, the girl he htd been thinking of, but where was the old a»ey movement, tha graceful action, the springy lightness of his memories ? l\wr Effii! She wan tired certainly, and had a blister on her foot. In the old d^ys a walking tour on the mountains had blistered her foot once, and then she limped, bnt now she was eo need to blisters that she had Leunt to walk tenderly without limf ing. And then her boots were old ; they were worn out of shape at the heel, and no woman can walk properly on crooked boots. She kept har pretty figure, and ehe held herself veil, but her dress was very shabby; her jacket like her boots, bad worn out of shape, and was not in the present fashion, and her bonnet looktd dilapidated from exposure to the weather. What was tb.«re in this p roverty-stricLen, dejecttd girl to remind Paul Lucas of dainty Effie Bruce? Effie Bruce, with the pretty feet always c&sod; in perfect shoes —with the lovely shape always clad in the materials that fitted and became it best— with the birdlike head delicately poised sad crowned with sonny hair and perfect millinery ? Yet he moved a little faster, and frit his heart begin to beat. Then phe turned to look at him, and he knew her face, which was thinner, sadder, but not eo much altered as the rest of her. " Eilie!" he cried. *• Oh, Mr Imcas!" There was dietrets, almost despair, in her tone. She was hunted down at last, and could keep her miserable seciet no mere, llut he heard only the words she had used. I beg your pardon, *•" he said;" I forg-«t that I was not Paul any more. I ought co have said Mrs Cliff." Sbe stood still anl looked at him then, her face pale with anger or some other emotion. ' No," she said, "certainly not By no mesr.s—that" Not that ?" ho said, his voicc trembling a litl!«; "you cannot be etill—Effis Brace ?" ' What else should 1 be f" ehs asked, angrily. Then she retaeinbsred her own foolishness. and began to walk rapidly. 'Effis, yoa uiust Fpeak to me. I wast to understand- Why should you run away ? It is no use—I shall go with yoa." This reminded her that by running away she would only take him where' she least wanted him to see her ga- She stood still and looked at him. That would be cruel, in-ieed," she said. And why ?" Because I don t want to see yen ever again." You are cruel to me now." No; haw could 1 be ? Yoa don't know why. Oh. let m« go away I" I never deserved that yon should treat me like this. I carnot bear to know nothing more of yoa, to lose eight of you, without understanding. Yon look ill; you look—'* Poor 1 Yes, and yoa are sorry for me; but yoa need not be. I am quite well, and 1 have everything I want" " 1 have always thought of you as happy, and—" he paused again; he was buogling a -rood deal, bat lie was too absorbed to feel it. Prosperous ? N<% I have not prospered exactly, but I have all I want; and I have always been—happy, quite happy." It was all she could do to keep the tears out of htr voice, bu^. she WAS determined to eay no less. * How I most have vexed yon, and h?w you mast hate me," he said, mortified u ell as amazed at her manner, for the bid quarrel need not eu-ely have made so bitter a meeting as this between them. " Yes, you vexed me terribly, and I have hatoi you ever since. Now, will you let me go ? He let her go, and stood watching her. She took the first taming that sue came to, going far out of her way to avoid further enc junters; then she was eo tired that ehe had to take a cab to carry her back to her destination. She cried herself to sleep again that night, keeping her eobs subdued that he might not hear tbem in the rcorn underneath ; and ehe said to herself many times over— *' He is sorry for me, he is sorry far me, but he never loved me at all. I must go away from here, or he will find cat the truth. Oh, Paul, PAUI ! once yon nearly loved me, and now I might have been your wife, i f only I could tee you no more, lest. I should tell you all the truth." And Le thought, as he smoked his solitary cigar,— " I wonder why I wasn't to know where she lived. It cm sever be that the xascai jilted her." In the darkness of the night Effie awoke; there was a sound of voices in her ears and a suffocating sensation in ber throat. In a moment she understood the meaning «t it, for the room was fall <yf smoke. Some one was knocking at her d»or, also, and calling to her, and she knew that it was Paul Lucas. It's all right, sir," she heard Sarah's voice eay; "I'll sake her and bring her down." There's no time to lose, the flames may catch the staircase directly, jnst underneath," and he ctruci at the door again. *' If you'U go down, sir, and be trying to keep it back till the engine comes. 111 see that ehe oomea down," said Sarah, who thought she understood the reason of Effie's silence. " 1 can't leave your mistress to suffocate up here, woman, for 6he may be eu&osUing; at thia minute—or surely ehe would anairer it na. Sarah was a stranger to him, and her conduct seemed inexplicable. The fire, which he had discovered, had originated in a little store-room under the etairease, where a email supply of oil was kept among other materials. ParibapB this woman, who seemed to manage tbe whole hou#e heraelf, had set fire to it for her own parposes, and bad intended that hex mistress te helpless old lady—ahould perish above. To tell yon tie truth, sir, I don't believe ehe'll ever come oat, not as long as you're here. If yon wilt bnt lave ber to me," said Sarah, in despair. "Leave her to youj If the doesn't answer at once I will break the door down It isn't a tune f* mannerB and ceremony." Effie bad been dressing herself quickly and quietly- Her bands wen trembling and her heart was beatasg. She did not want to answer Paul; she did not want to open the door and meet him. Bnt now sue most do something. Tbe smoke had •mule her throat sore; perhaps her voice would be hoarse and he would not recognise it. " 1 hear you," 6he snswored. " I will be ready in a moment, You can go down.'" Paul stood as if thunderstruck. He fanned to Sanh and stared at her. "Wbo ia in that roomf" he said. «*JHiss Bruce? " "Who elseP" aaid Saab. "She'll nevti forgive me. 1 told you to go a*ay. *' And you want me to leave her there Gk> down and save youraelL Tbeatairosae has burnt into flame ; you cant peas in an other moiwMit. No time Cor delay." He thrurt Sarah towardstbe suirs with one hand, and then, turning to the door before him, he struck it heavily with hi* fits ; hia intention was evident now ; ha wa prepared to break it open. " Wait I" said Effis ("I will unlock it" He beard the key turn; he grasped tbe handle, and thsn rim stood before him. Siw haddracsed rapidly, and at the last ntooient bsd drawn was old bloe dressing gupwuf }MFJMJF wv her eyes bright with termor and exciteuieut. She looked as far removed from the helpless old lady lie hai come to save as she wrfl ciuld do. '•Effie!" he said. " Paul I" she answered, then covered ber faoe with her hands. He thought he heard the staircase crackle behind him, and he waited for no more words; ho took her up into hie arms and carried her down. The board* were hot uider his feot; arid at one place the fl iiQ'3 seemed to k ^atch at him as he passed, bat he held tbe folds of her b!ua flwnel gown close about her, and she at least was unhurt The engines were arriving in front of the house as he reached the ground floor; the flames, which were licking the staii c tsa half way up. had not ycS spread downward, and Effie's little sitting-room was still aaf.j Sarah was waiting at the door cf it, and thither he carried Effie. She had not stirred once since he bad taken her into his aruia, and she had tumed her faco away from his to his shoulder. "Jlov," be said, speaking to Sarah, "there is the old lady to think of—your mistress, Miae Brown." •'• I am Miss Brown," said Effi). Sarah had turned and fled; she had the house to consider; these young people cou'd settle tbe rest themselves. The fi remnn bad already taken p wsessinn of the place; a landing window had been brown open, and the engines were playing upon the fire • it eeemed likely that they would soon be able to extinguish it; but Sarah mutt Pte that her mistress's goods were datniged little as possible. Paul made one run into tbe h»U to see what was the position of affairs; then he hurried back to the sitting-room and shut the door. " Effi he said what are you doing here?' 1 live here," she replied. Her bright and beautiful hair fell over her shoulders; ehe wss glad to have it as a screen to her face ; the delicate lace at her wri«ts—for the old dressing-grown was a rextnant of happier days—half covered the hands that she clasped together She hai sat down, with ber head <jroa;>ing ; the was B'UV and f :lt ;»6Hatted, but lootf-d >ike her old self than ths htd du:;e for year*—jnore like the pretty, tpoiit child of the past. Siraa had lighted a kitchen candlc ∋ pat it on the t&h.c.; It was bin-isg ihcru now. *• In tbe i>,ihsuie with me," said Paal, "And 1 >li)i no; know." '* 1 net want you to know." He feit that he ought io go then, that there was so reason ai all to stay; bet there was simcth'ng ia hsr shy aad shrinkicg altitude that give him oera^e. Awi, in fuel, the etcbaiTasiment of btr present condition had for moment put other tmbsrrtfRauaita out cf hsr mini. She wondered whether he had observed that ths had i iiras: her bars', feet into her worn slipasrs. He had observed nothing o£ the sort, bat he felt that tbe girl before him was not the girl he hid met ia tbt park, azprf mad co!i. He roald mt ittGe his opporiuaity. Be put his hand* n the tightly cUtpeJL Sogers unier their friipe of lace. " Effie," he said," will jou tcil mt why you did not marry him!" " I nsver thought of Bcc'a a thing," «aid Effio, potting more of her ehsulier between he'uslf asi her fa:?. He did not tiai the action tisco araginc. " Then you used him only an a means of getting rid cf me I" Sae was tilent bat she toot her han^e from anaer h s anl hid them ia htr t! ieres. He felt that the battle milt be f :n-;tii and won now, or lost alio/eth«. " Brcicei) y;.u bated me eo mnfli," he wenl on, withdrawing a little in ituponss to hsr own movement. " I did nas hale yoa." " At any taw, yon do no»r." She vu liltnt a^iin 'or a Doxent ; then iste said— " 1 iaa't kao* why f>n-ihould say eo " Bscauae you lika me to be oii«e(able." She meditated a little ani clatpod her hand) tcgtthu again, drooping b» head mot*. " I don't know why you shoali be miseiabl*." Bica-u-c yon dm't lore me." She trembled ani tcr⪙ away from him sltfprtuer. Yoa. n?ve? loved me at a'.i," she replied. Soma iustiact wld iiim last that ittrning nw&y; w±8 the !a%t act <»f m: is lane i tw'fjre inrrcnd^r it he dare t i take advantage of ic. He pat hi« srmt about her and drew her sack to him, I love y.;n uiw. at any rate. Asd I have lore"? yon ail the time." It is becanne I am so po^ ani you ar« jjrry for mc," Effie whispc ei ; but her hps vcn lie:-r n-oeRh f ji him t." fee: their movement like a cateu. " I have- uo i«ea how poor ysa arc ; nn-1 I am not torry £ it yoa in ths least. It ia myself that I ani sorry for." Isow ?' she said an-*fr her breath. " Well, not now—. xcept that S*rch is turning the h&ndlc; to say that the fire ;s oat." Law, mi«a." aud that good won:an, open, ing tie door, therms been a deal of damage dene, bet not as much u mi flit ban beea ••ipfcctei, and sre mart just make tha bnt of it- Un Jon*s, next door, has sent in to say that yoa ronid tleafi then, if yon like, everything b ing to upset," Effie slept ns-xt doer, leaving the troubU of patting everything to rights to Sarah and Mr Lucas, who showed hiuiBelf downright obliging on tsiis occsg'.on, and, a« Sarah eaid, everything that a gentleman should b;." Ween, a few «reek« after, MUi Bruce re-; tamed to her old sphere of I f e as 15rs Paul 1 Lucut, evarybo'iy wondered where ia the! vnrld ehe had hidden herself meanwhile. Bst they h\i not been very particular in their inq^iriea abaut her when she wu .'ost to lh«n», and «o they felt it due to ttoma tlvet cot to be too ex«ct in their questions after her restoration to thetr field of viaSdn. Wherever ahe had bien, she had acqoirsd a dignity end distance of """"" that bad not veen hers before. Mist Brawn's eld house was kept ox for years after ward by Miifl Garner, whase Christian name was. as a few people remembercd, Sarah. The boas a had a creat Jesi of new and good farnitare put Into it br a Mr Lucm, who happened to be staying .here at the time of a disaatrou fioe. So the neighbors understood. Bnt what became of Mm Brown's n!«oe those neighbors screr knew. Sirae people aai* her Dane had net neatly been Brown, but Branch or Srace, or perhaps Broogh, These, however, were vague baditinu which were never oroperly elseidated. She went away, and that part of the city saw her co more. Probibly Sit S. Gamer could have given ner friends farther information, but «ho never did. 