THE C.O.D- HAN. There was a scuffling along the hall —a hait—a few seconds of deep silence, and then a voice remarked— " I hinted to yoa the other day that I should likely call again. I am here. If yoa have no serious objections wiil seat myself on this chair. Can I take it that yoa do not object ?" I looked up to discover that it was the C.O.D. man. So far as I coald obser?e there was no change in him. If the tramp never improves he never deteriorates. Same man—3ame looks—same clothes. If this tramp ha * fallen into the river since his last visit the water had simply glided right past him and left him unwashed. " Years and years ago," said the man in a dreamy way, as he placed his catskin cap on the floor and set one foot on it to prevent escape, 1 flattered myself that I knew .human 1 1 nature. I now look back and smile at my conceit. didn't know the ABC of natare when I thought I knew it all. Yoa may hare made the same mistake ? I think yoa have. I think yoa will agree with me that haman natare is not to be sized ap and tied ap in bandies and delivered aboat like kindling wood." I agreed with him perfectly, bat as long as he assumed that I did it was no use to say so. " Take an incident that happened in my career yesterday," he went on, as he coolly picked the stab of a cigar off my desk and nsed my last match to light it. " I called at the side door of a handsome residence on one of yoar uptown streets and asked the servant lor a raw potato to blont the knife-like edge of my hanger. Was it unreasonable in me to figare that human natare would hand me oat a eoaple of generoas sandwiches instead ? Was I wrong in expecting that I would at least get a decentish ham bone ? Was I wildly visionary in dreaming that I might be presented with a pair of old shoes or a coat of later vintage than this in addition to food ?" He wasn't, bat I wasn't going to tell him so. " I perceive that you are with me," Jie said, as he surveyed the toe of his right shoe with a critical eye. " Human natare went dead bask on me again. The girl not only cheerfally granted my request, bat added a parsnip to the potato and her blessing to both. I came —I figured—I got left! When you think human nature is Bare to tarn in certain directions you are apt to find it going exactly contrary. Did you speak, sir 7" No, I hadn't said anything. I was wondering if he didn't call somewhere and try to trade his potato and parsnip for an onion, bat I was sure I didn't wonder aloud. " An hour or two later," he said, aa he unfastened one of the safety pins holding his coat together that his lungs might have more play, " I had the lade to run across a motherly woman in her own kitchen as I called and asked for turnip peelings. " * Do you believe in a hereafter?' she asked, in a kindly voice. "' I do, ma'am:' *'' And you hope to go to heaven when your earthly toil is orer ?' " * I've strong hopes—very strong.' "' And are you living an upright, consoieations life-anil Seeking io set a gcod example to others"?'" - " * That's me, ma'am, to a dot. It is now three years since I went home to find my wife and children Please don't call up things which might sadden me. Yon deserve to be rewarded, and I hope that what I am going to give you will encourage yon to persevere in the straight and narrow path, and realise that friends will be raised up to meet you when the day seems darkest.' " I sized that woman up as motherly and benevolent, and when she stepped out of the kitchen I figured on a full suit of clothes, a square meal, and about 50 centB in cash. She returned in a minute with my reward, and what d'ye suppose it was F You have the floor." He was bound to tell me in the end, so it was idle to guess. There wasn't a ghost of a smile on his face when he said— " An old family umbrella with three ribs broken and about forty holes in the cover! There were tears in her eyes when she bid me good-bye and hoped to meet me in the better land. I came—I figured—I carried that umbrella around the corner and hit a dog with it, and it was no more. Have you any particular object in holding your breath this afternoon I had. My long and successful experience with tramps has taught me that silenee is a great discourager. I didn't answer his enquiry in what he considered a reasonable time, aa-i he very carefully arose, crossed his feet, placed his left hand on hip, and softly observed— " To deny that I am in urgent need of ready cash would be base deceit and unworthy of the pair of us. Under existing circumstances we should work together. That is, I will work you for the both of us. You are the first deaf and dumb newspaper man I ever ran across, and I have perhaps given you a new insight into human nature without a shirt to its back. Therefore, we findsomething in common. Both of us should make something out of it. As I introduced myself the other day, I am the C.O.D. man. I collect on delivery. If I have nothing to deliver I collect just the same. The credit system would ruin my business inside of ninety days" I had made up my mind when- lie first entered the room that not a single stiver shoald he get out of me, no matter how softly he worked his racket, bat suddenly, and to my great humiliation, I found my determination breaking down. " Had you done your share of the talking I shoald have let yoa off with a dime," he said, as he grazed fixedly over my head at the window. "As it is, my charge will be fifteen cents. If you have a quarter I can make the charge. Ah ! that's it ! C. 0. D. beats three of a kind every day in the year. This as you understand, is only an informal one. Some day, when I get a shirt and feel like myself, I shall insist oa the customary formalities. Meanwhile, I am. as ever, yours very truly—the C. O. D. maa ! He waved his hand, pulled his catskin cap down ss far as it would stand the strain, atid while I was looking full at hiai he sort of tangled up and faded out and vanished, and though I listened intently I eouid not «ven hear the scuff of his footsteps in tho hall. Queer man, he is, bat I rather like him to call. 