W IITE POPPIES. BY IMAY KENDALL, Auhior of "S tuh is Life," " .Dreams to Sell," "Jromea Garrett," etc. (Published- by Special Arrangement with Messrs. Ward, Look, and Bowden, Ltd.) eNOw FIrT POULIOSIID.] CHAPTER XI.-(Continued.) 'If he leaves it to her,' said Tre vanion, puzzled. 'And if it is iii his power to leave it to whom he likes. Why, yes. -What are you thinking of? ' 'Then if I married Kappa,' re marked Vi, musingly, ' and he left me all his money, and died, you could have it to pay off the debt.' ' Mercy on as !' said Trevanion, 'hadn't you better propose that to Kappa ?' 'I don't care,' said Vi.L ' He says his life's worthless; and I'm stre mine is. I wish we were both dead; then you could have all the money, and welcome.' And to Trevanion's horror, Vi sud denly sat down on one of the benches facing the river, and began to sob. He cast a hasty glance up and down the embankment. Fortunately there was no one near. ' Vi, Vi,' he said patiently, 'what a foolish child you are! You, with a whole alphabet of adorers, and with your magnificent beauty, to distress yourself-well, why you are dis tressing yourself is a mystery to me.' And it was. He could not believe that his old comrade really cared for him 'in that way,' as he said, vaguely. The idea was ridiculous. Even now, too, he almost found himself looking upon Vi as the beautiful and way ward child she had been when he first knew her. But it was certain he was forced to confess so much-that she had taken it into her head to be desperately and absurdly jealous of a person whose very name it distressed him to hear her mention. Altogether it was beyond him. He sat down by her on the bench, but he made no further effort at con solation. Something warned him that per haps he had better not seem so troubled as he really was, to see that the world was going wrong even for Vi. Surely she might have been spared he thought; and then, as he looked across the river, the wish entered his mind that she had Elsie for a friend, or some one like Elsie, not only the kindly, but often blundering com panionship of her father and himself. Unluckily, just then, Vi, raising her wet eyes to his face, saw of whom he was thinking, quite as well as if he had told her. It must be admitted that it was annoying. ' Why don't you tell her then,' she exclaimed, 'like a man ? I would if I were you.' 'Now, Vi,' said Trovanion, 'let us drop the subject for good. You don't seem to find life easy at present, and I'm very sorry. But one must get used to it. Neither I nor anyone else always finds lifo easy; and perhaps the less said about it the better. Will you shake hands and be friends ?' Vi was silent. Her lips were still quivering;, but she put out a hand, whose glove she had pulled off from a truly fominine consciousness that tears would stain it, and which, there fore, was rather wet with brushing away the tears. But Trevanion grasped it heartily, all the same. 'Isn't it time to go back ?' he sug gested. 'Come a little farther first,' said Vi, humbly. Ah, with no one but Tre vanion was Vi ever so humble i 'To show we're friends, light your pipe -do, then you'll be happier. Men are never comfortable till they've lit a pipe.' ' That is a wise word,' said Tre vanion, to whom the mention of tobacco was as the mention of a cup of tea is to a woman. 'I will, thank you. Here's a cigar-hang it all! I don't believe I've a single match.' 'I have,' Vi returned unexpectedly. 'At; least, I think so; but perhaps you'll have to wait a bit. I put some into my pocket the other night for father; he is always forgetting them.' She sat down again, and Trovanion, seeing that extracting the matches might be a work of time, sat down also, while Vi pulled out a handker chief, another pair of gloves, a purse with nothing in it, a red morocco pocket-book-if he had known all that was in that pocket-book he would have been more than surprised-a small hand-glass, a paper of choco lates, and a handful of sovereigns, and matches, and halfpenf'e, and string. 'Have a chocolatoe?' she said amiably. 'Only a match, thank you, re sponded Trevanion. .' Have y6u many more things in that pocket,? i ?' ' You may be very thankful I had matches, sir!' said Vi, 'severoly. And she selected a couple of "-Bryant and May's" from the medley, and held them out to him. -Trevanion struck one, and lighted his cigar. They walked on a little farther, and then turned baclk, both somewhat silent, and both conscious that their old ploasant walks were over for ever. Vi Swas very gentle and subdued. Just then it was as if all hope having died out of liher heart, anger had died out too, and had onlyleft behind a steady, dull pain. She did not know, she could not understand. A hurt had come to her, and she was no more capable than a beautiful dumb animal of gauging, the advantages of being hurt as an element in character. She hated- pain, and wvould have parted with this if she could; if takl ing medicine couild have cured: her, 'riedicino she would have taken. At' home that nightshe laughed and joked with her father, she drank more wine than usual at dinner, and tried to forgot. Perhaps what kept her from greater recklessness was the knowledge that Trevanion, too, was unhappy; there was that new com panionship between them, though the old was gone. To be sure, Trevanion's manner, as she owned to herself, had never been lover-like. He himself was uncon scious of a change in it. But a change there was; and Vi was not to be baffled. When he had looked at her and spoken to her formerly, it is true that he had done neither sentiment ally, but he had had her in his mind, and not some impossible she. But now Vi' sometimes felt herself only a part of a veil of things and persons that hung betweeon Trevanion and what he really cared for. They might be beautiful or iugly, he did not seem to know which they were. All this might be no fault of Trevanion's; but it was very hard upon Vi. CHAPTER XII. TlEVANION RIEFLEOTS. 'Here comoes the lady ! Oh, so light a foot Will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint.' There is a fiendish dexterity about bluebottles, combined with an appear ance of extreme stupidity. They do not look as if they meant anything; but when several of them come to gether, man may give up the game. I have. come to the conclusion that they are emissaries of the evil one, sent to prevent human beings from working and from sleeping, and to drive them to destruction. SThey seem to abound in this neigh bourhood: there is a confectioner's shop at the corner, which they affect, and they come on to me. As if this street, in summer, were not stifling enough without one's having to shut the window to keep .out bluebottles. Again and again in despair I have shut it all but a hair'sbreadth, and the enemy has entered through that hair'sbreadth. Then one flings the window a yard open, and waits for him to go out; but he can't go out through a yard of space, though he can come in through an eighth of an inch. This is aclearproof thatheisfrom the evil one, if not the evil one him self. It isn't that he can't, he won't. You may lie down and try to go to sleep, and he will be quiet so longthat you think he is dead. But once begin to dream pleasantly, come to a critical point in the dream, and it is all over with you-he is buzzing in your ears, which again is deliberate malice. There are many people like blue bottles; for example, the people who come to concerts and talk. It isn't so much that they talk all the time, as that one never knows when they will begin again; It is the absence of regular intervals that is so heartrend ing. I remember a woman who ate an apple close by me in the gallery at St. James' Hall all through one of Beet hoven's concertos, and the agony was in not knowing when she would take the next bite. She looked good natured and casual, like the blue bottles, but-- I believe in woman: I have reason. But there are some women a good deal like bluebottles, in their way, for in stance, of recurring to a topic. The desire of the moth for the star or the chandelier is nothing to it. Once give them a key to any secret chamber in your heart, and they will never cease to turn it, oven if the door won't open, being bolted inside. At all times of the day or night you are liable to hear a stealthy footstep, and a creaking of the lock, and a soft voice suggesting that they would like to look round. They may mean no harm; it would be easier to bear if they did. They only know that it is not in their nature to rob:efrain. It often ends by your denying the existence of a secret chamber alto gether. You tell them there isn't a key, and there isn't a key- hole. When you hear the soft creak, the significant footstep, you only draw another bolt inside. But one day your nerves are over strained; the lightest step is more than you can bear; and the door flies open, and probably knocks some one down. That does not matter; it is only a proof that they were right after all. Of course there are many women who, if they suspect a secret chamber, will not revolve blindly about the .spot, week in, week out. I know one who, if she found a key you did not wish her to possess, would fling it far away into the sea, and never come within a mile.of the keyhole it fitted. But the natural woman is not so con stituted. Fow men will ' harry' a forbidden topic so relentlessly as she will-most of all if her jealousy is once roused. She takes it as she might a fever, but it doesn't run its course and have done; it becomes chronic. She has a wonderful memory, and none at all. A thou sand Lothes wouldn't make her forget to remember; ten thousand wouldn't make her remember to forget. Give her ninety-nine keys to ninety-nine chambers, and call them all secret; but to the true secret chamber never give her a key as you value your peace. But Vi, in a luckless hour, has picked up the key to mine, and there is no use in telling her she isn't right. She knows she is right, well enough. And she is a good soul, but she can't help turning it, and it makes things harder, that is all. Another reason, if another were needed, why I should tako this offer that has come to-day and made my heart as heavy as lead, of an appointment in Paris that will bring me in another £150 a year. I have written to accept it. Vi .will settle down, I hope, when I am gone. I don't suppose she really cares for me; but this insane jealousy has taken possession of her, and she gives neither me nor herself any peace. It doesn't matter which way she turns the key, in the direction of my having deserted old friends for new, or of my new-found happiness, it is all equally excruciating. As for her, I daresay I have passed but of her existence again. It is nearly three months since I went near the house, but Austin has been again and again and again, which looks well for my project. If things turn out as I think, I will buy- what shall I buy for a wedding present ? Several times, I admit, I have had strange dreams about her, but not lately. And you can't trust dreams; you must blunder on, and do what seems best without them. I met Everard in the street yester day, and he asked me why I never came. I said I had been con foundedly busy, but I sometimes heard of them from Austin. ' Yes,' said Everard. ' He has looked us up several times lately. Could you come some day, Trevanion -Thursday, for instance ?' Good old Jim! he spoke quite do precatingly; and it made it all the harder. 'No,' I answered. 'Can't pos sibly.' 'Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Mon day ?' said Jim. 'Tuesday, Wednes day ?' for I had shaken my head. 'I think not,' I said. 'I should have liked. Jim looked quietly incredulous. 'We are going away the end of next week,' he said. 'To the seaside for a fortnight, and Austin is coming down for a night or two. It is evi dent that you won't come to see my sister and me, so I offer you Austin's society. What are you laughing at? I will give :you the address, that you may have no excuse. Here it is.' He pulled a card out of his pocket and gave it to me. I took it; there seemed to be no harm in that: but I said I wasn't coming, I would resist even Austin. Then I asked after his sister. ' Hardly up to the mark,' said Jim. I thought that was curious under the circumstances, but I didn't say so. I said I was sorry to hear it. I hoped the sea air would do her good. I don't think my voice altered, but Everard looked at me suddenly. 'Change your mind and come down if you can,' he said. ' Send a card, and we will meet you.' I thanked him, but I said that I feared it was impossible; and then I turned and left him. I don't know what he thought of me. Of course, after that a reaction set in. I walked all the way to their house, and I stood nearly opposite for a few minutes in the shadow of an archway. I fancied she was not there, and yet not far away. I was looking westward-I don't know why, and suddenly she passed me like a ghost, coming from the other direction. If I had reached out my hand it would have touched her. I don't know if she felt that some one was watching her, but as she crossed she turned her head once and looked back. I saw her face in the lamplight, as beautiful and sad as a dream; and you can't think how light her step is! . . . Very well, they go, he said, the end of next week; and before they come back I shall be in Paris. September 3rd. They have gone down to the seaside. The other day Austin looked in and said he was going to see them. He sounded rather embarrassed, I thought. This is a dingy, wet, bleak day, like November at its worst. I hope it is better in Lincolnshire. I should like to stay till they come back. I should like to run down and bid them good-bye, but I will write inrstead-to-day, I think; then I may have a letter back before I leave. Only two days more in England. It is all right, but there is a leaden weight on me-I wish it were my coffin. f(ro be contin~usdj. 