GUNNING WITH A CANNON-. [By Geobge Gobdon, in the Boston Youth? Companion.] Oil board of tbe cholera-infeoted steamship Normannia, as she lay day after day at quaran tine with her hundreds of aggrieved and im patient cabin passengers, who had no cholera and were not likely to have.it, weh'ad a'philo sophio passenger named, Stinson, who. at tempted to divert our minds with a "fad" of his own. ,He was an ardent naturalist and lover of animal life; and he desired to interest the public in an attempt to save from; sxtinction snoh animals as the moose, the buffalo, the elephant, and the beaver, the grizzly bear, the gray wolf, and . the lion. ..His<plan was to establish proteoted. preserves for. animals in favorable places in order that a. Century or two hence these animals may still exist for our descendants to see. • ' - " Eor these speoies to. perikh, Mr. ;Stineon argued, would be an irreparable misfortune. The earth will never produce their like again. There are scores of 'uninhabited islands and other isolated. tracts of. country where families of all -these vanishing genera could be colonised, as the buffalo is now colonised in the Yellowstone.Park. "Why preserve all these oeastd? They are of no use," one passenger argued. ' " It would ! be a waste'of time and mondy'. ' The brutes would eoon be breaking out of the preserves, too, and make trouble for everybody' living near." "That is an argument from a bald, utilitarian point of view," replied the "moose preserver," as he has been dubbed. " Think how our descendants,-a hundred years hence, will despise us if we exterminate all these interesting and wonderful speoies 1" " I 'draw the line at grizzly bears," re marked a facetiouB young gentleman from Taeoma. " And I draw the line at elephants," cried an Englishman who hailed from Gape Town. " We tried preserving those brute3 down in South Africa. The Government, some years ago, had the same idea as our friend here. There was but one wild herd of elephants left iu Cape Colony, and that was out near the Knysna. Many well-meaning persons were so much alarmed lest the .noble animals should die out, and they said so much about it, that the Government at length passed an Aot pro tecting elephants and giving them liberty to range where they pleased. It was made a misdemeanor • for any one to. hnnt 'or other wise harass them. • "The consequence.was that in seven or eight years that herd of elephants became the greatest nuisance ever inflioted on the people of that quarter of the world. "My brother and I owned asheepruninthe Zohdag River country. Those elephants per secuted us'for several years. The silence of their movements was such that they often came into mealie fields without arousing the neigh boring watchdogs. Or it may have been that .the dogs were terrified into quiet .by the elephants' approach. One night, the (herd took the sacks of wool off one of our ' trek1 waggons whioh stood out loaded to go to Caps Town and scattered them about. " At another time they caine to a hut in the nighfwhere one of our shepherds was asleep. An elephant thrust his trunk in an tin-, opec window-hole, felt about the interior with it, got hold of the shepherd's foot and pulled him tut of his bunk! When the man awoke to find himBelf thus hauled o2 his oonoh he was frightened almost to death. His tired dog, which had also been asleep inside, now rushed out, barking furiously; whereupon the elephant let go the man,'caught up the dog, and threw him a hundred feet, into; a rocky kloof, or gully. The fall broke Ihe dog's back'. . . " For hi3 life the shepherd durst not stir out af his hut. He at first believed that a serpent had seized him. The elephants amused them selves by breaking down the sheep corral, for a time, and at last sauntered away. ■-"-This shepherd, by-the-by a, was an Ameri can, named Dryfield, who had been a gunner on board the Confederate privateer Shenan doah, which .was cruising for whale ships in the North Pacific, and continued at sea for two months or more after Lee's surrender. _ When the ore w learned that they had been privateer ing after the war had ceased, they did not dare to surrender themselves lest they might be hanged as pirates. At last they were turned adrift in a foreign port, and Dryfield came to Cape Colony, where he took Bervice as a shepherd. . " Those Cape elephants were great travel lers. - Often they came a distance of twenty miles in a single night, to break into the mealie fieldof some unsuspecting settler who awoke next morning to find his crop de stroyed. By this time the herd was many miles away. " Garden raiding became a pastime with this herd, and a3 there were more than twenty of the big brutes, a farmer's eSorts for the season were frequently cancelled in a few hours. " Nob content with eating fresh vegetables, the beasts would break down fruib trees and small shade trees, sometimes stripping off every branch and leaving only the bare trunk of the'tree; " One night while passing a sheep-ranoher's place, the rogues, apparently for a practical joke,, took tfie thatched roof off a small barn and lifted out a' mule. The poor beast was found; lying in a pool near the barn, next morn ing, with most of his bones broken. •'The b«d was often fired at by angry settlers, but the law protecting elephants re strained us from organising a regular bunt. My brother and I lost several plats of- ' mealies,' or Indian corn. We obeyed the law, bub we deemed its operation unjust, and thought we bad a right to make a vigorous effort to drive away, the marauders from our own property. "Dnring one of the early wars with the Boers and Kaffirs a column of British troops, retreating from the Comna Dagga, had left a six-pound brass howitzer behind them. For many years the piece had remained in posses sion of a settler named Dromgole. _ While we werecastingabout us for some expedient to save oar mealie crop Dryfield thought of this old howitzer. '. ~ "Our first idea was to fire it in the night, during the'period of full moon in February, to scare the brutes away. We had powder, but no six-pound balls until Dryfield made a clay mould and ran several leaden balls, which he finished off by. paring with a knife. They weighed muoh more than_an iron ball of the same size, and we experimented cautiously with the old gun lest it should burst with the discharge. But it was sound. "Dryfield fired three balls at a large rock and hit it twice. ' "A few nights later the elephants visited a plantation across the river. They commonly' came-up the southerly bank of theZoadag, from the wooded hilly districts to the east and south-east. An agreement was entered into between Dromgole and ourselves to set a watch on clear nights while there was moonlight. " "There are bluffs along the northerly bank of the Zondasr, a mile or two south of our sheepsheds. The fieldpiece was hauled there and. masked under a little shed amidst the bush whioh crowned the bluff. The Zondag is there a hundred yards in width or more, and fordable in some places. "Several'Kaffirs were hired to watch for the herd. -Some time passed before one of the negroes, known as John Fat too, came over to our place in the night and informed us that the elephants had gone up the river bank. " lo is one of the characteristics of elephants that, on their night expeditions, they nearly always come and go by the same path, or in tracking phrase, 'pick up their own trail.' Hence we felt pretty sure that they would re turn that way after a few hours. We dressed in haste, sent the kaffir to rousa Dryfield, and set off for-the bluffs. "The early part of the nighb had been dark. The,moon,.now in its last quarter, rose after midnight^ and-was now looking up over the wooded Knysna mountains. On reaching the bluff w.here the gun was posted, we found onr hired watchman soundlyasleep in a blanket. We woke him ana sent him up the river to watoh; " "Dryfield loaded tbe gun, and we waited. It was a chilly nighb, very dewy and damp, with.a slight mist rising from the river below us. After a time the Kaffir crept back, saying that the herd was coming down; and soon we heard one low ' toot' from the leader. "Then the- herd filed in Bight, and moved along in the open meadow across the river. Their march was curiously quiet and orderly. They appeared to be in single hie; and from where we lay hidden, their pace„:was as noise less aS if they bad been bo many ghosts. In the obsourity tney resembled a long train of loaded wool waggons. "Dryfield. brought the gun to bear, and before the herd had come down opposite as, he fired on them. It is likely that the ball passed- over tbe heads of the elephant?, pro bably in advance of them. The leader stopped Bhort. , "When' the report crashed on their ears ' they wheeled about and ran baok to where a group'of largemelkhont trees afforded a deep Bhadow. Here they stood as quietly as a party - of- frightened schoolboys. We had charges ef powder made up, and Dryfield, re loading, trained the gun-on the timber chimp and sent a second ball through the tree tops. "-With the second report the leader of the herd apparently made up_hi3 mind that tbe noise indicated something hostile and dangerous. So he led off trumpeting at a run baok along their trail up the river. But they had not gone far when they sighted or scented two or three Kaffirs who had heard the firiDg and.were coming down the bank. Thereupon the whole herd wheeled about and came back, at a rapid run. • A third ball was fired among them as they rnsbed along ; but this time they did not pause for an instant. We hurriedly recharged the gun, and'before they were fairly past Dryfield sent a fourth missile low over their backs. There were seventeen of the big brutes. Several'of them trumpeted from fear, follow ing the last report. Before we could load again they were well past us, but we alung the gun on its wheels and tired a fifth shot after them at a distance now of probably six or seven hundred yards. Tree tops-on ;the immediate river bank in part obstructed Dryfield's aim, but from what was learned next day we surmised that this last Bhot hit an elephant. "There was a kloof, or gully, on the farther bank, where a tributary stream flowed down. The elephants had to cross it, and we heard them trumpeting there for Borne little time after the fifth shot. They were now entirely out of Bight, but we fired the last of our lead balls after them ab a venture, and then re turned home, thinking we had given the mischievous beasts a great fright, if nothing more. "Next day a Kaffir came to tell us that in the kloof down the river lay a disabled elephant. My brother and I took our carbines and bade the man show the way. "In the kloof we fonnd an elephant lying in the bed of the gully and groaning dolefully. One of its large ears was nearly torn away, and one of its fore- legs was injured, "It was evident from the tracks that the other members of the herd had sought to give aid to their unfortunate companion, and that tbey had gone away only after finding their 'efforts vain. "We shot and killed the poor beast. Whether our six-pound balls had had anything to do-with disabling him, or whether he had received bis injury from falling accidentally jnto the kloof, was nob wholly dear. " Lest we might all three be informed pn undefined our neighbor Dromgole united with ub in a reporb to the authorities at Gape Town,to the effecb that we had found an elephant-lying disabled in a kloof, and had dispatohed it. ; I must confess it was a some what-one-sided report, Bince we omitted all mention of the howitzer. '."So far as we were able to learn these elephants did not come up the Zondag again for"three years. • - There is no doubt that the creatures, are very intelligent and have good memories, but I have no wish to have a colony of them for my neighbors." ' " Ab, but'preserves might easily be located where ;no one need suffer from them," inter posed. the " moose-preserver," _ earnestly. "Think of-the thousand uninhabited islands . of thejSouth Pacific and Indian Oceans. Safe preserves might be located there for every Bpecies of animal life." The facetious young gentleman bad been watohing his chance. He smiled. • "Would,you have a preserve for that enter prising species, the cholera microbe?" ho asked. The moose-preserver frowned at the per-; petrator of the weak witticism. j 