MY PARTNER'S WIVES.. My partner is not a Mormon. , So far I from it be is-or was until five weeks ago is n -a rather plain but very good-natured for bachelor. We left New York for the West a dozen years ago. We were about of an age-twenty.four-and it was not r until last winter that Charles entertained an idea which I did not share. the I first noticed him sitting by our log Wi fire without his pipe in early December. let I had never known him do this before Later he became absent-minded. I watched him narrowly, and found that he ca did strange and unaccountable things, ont such as brushing his clothing, wearing gloves on Sunday, blacking his boots, and ho' so on. At first 1 thought that as his in- dol terest in the stock farm was greater than het mine, he was taking this queer way of mr letting .me see it; but one morning he tht came to breakfast with his hair neatly it comlbed, and from that day for at least a cli month I laboured under the awful appre- tar hension that his mind was giving way. I took from him every possible care and fot anxiety regarding the stock, and to humor al his fatcy I combed my own hair before ke breakfast for the whole of that awful let time. To my dismay he seemed not even to at notice the change in me or himself. I tbs confided to our man of all work, Sambo, that he was to hold himself in readiness night and day in ease anything should tw happen, for twenty miles of country lay th between our log cabin and town. He H a agreed with me that " Marse Charles was I actin' moughty queer like." sh It was jest attar Christman that com- t Sing'from the post-offlce at Linkville one he morning I heard some singular sounds wl which came from behind a huge pile of sh wood back of the large new house which sh Charlie and I had now nearly finished. fri Our cabin stood about a hundred yards sei I from it. I knew Charlie's voice; I knew co t also that our nearest neighbour lived a ha mile distant. I crept softly over to the an wood pile, leaving my horse at the cabin. no Yes, there was my partner standing in a all sort of drawingroom attitude on the out. an skirts of the pile. He had a book in his li hands. His hat lay on a log near him. m, s His hair was freshly combed, and he had no r on his Sunday suit. pl I stood speechless with feelings I can- he not describe, for he was singing. Yes, 1 m dislinctlyrecognised the similarity between n the "starter" in the district church and he my partner in his present attitude. My a hair rose with fright, but not knowing f, what sudden turn his mind might take if ut i disturbed, I waited. He was singing ca a softly, as if in fear of being overheard se o but suddenly a familiar strain fell on my re eare. im "Stay with me, my darling, stay, is And like a dreamthy life shall pass away." b i He concluded the verse with melting m tcn-lernese, and it was just then and there I that something told me the truth. 1 cc a laughed-I roared-I fell on the wood si ,t pile and rumpled up my hair ; I did th e everything but go mad myself. bh Presently I became aware that my I partner was swear.ng. I rose and held it out my hand. After a moment's hesita.s tion he took it in a hearty grasp, and from r, that hour I was his confidant. I told him f y over our pipes that night of all the C anxiety I had endured on his account. tt "By Jove, Charlie, I thought you'd at is gone plum crazy, I really did," I said. ti ' And to tell the truth-" "You think I'm exchanging one sort of , 1 lunacy for another, eh?" he rejoined r e rather dryly. " ' Oh, I don't say that ; but tell me all h about it, old fellow." d " And you won't laugh ?" w " ' Not if I can help it." cl al " Pahaw I if you take the matter in this way--" to " I'll take it in any way you like I only a t-tell me what put the notion in your fi bead.: ti a and then I learned that my chum's .d sister in New York was looking for a wife ti for him ; that he expected a photograph od f a girl with sterling qualities by tee inext mail, and I was to give my opinion tl of her. The wives soon began to arrive. The girl with sterling qualities was thin, about p I forty years old, with very little hair t, to rather too neatly put up. The accom. b id panying letter described her as good. f g natured, benevolent, not at all bad h looking when you come to know her. l about twenty-seven, and jolly nice al- t I together. S Cbeharlie looked disappointed; I told him n. not to mind; perhaps his sister knew a n. nicer girl. I don't remember how he managed to avoid taking tLe wife with or sterling qualities ; but he did; for an. or other photograph came in due time. This girl was small, with big baby eyes. "She is -rather little," wrote Oharlia's ad sister. " Her lovely eyes are of a pt heavenly blue. She singe and plays beautifully, and is a perfect dancer. I d. didn't tell her you lived quite so far from town as you do, Oharlie dear. I I thought that she could get snoh minor particulars from you." "Good heavens 1" quoth Charlie. "Do aw you suppose sis has popped the question for me ?" rill His sandy moustache went up on one i.. side, as it generally did when he was peaplexed or very much in earnest. I "Certainly not," I hastened to say. "al "Don't get excited, Charlie-though it his would be a queer go to see that exotlio transplanted from New York to the wild West. Cheer up, old boy I Better luck ed. next time." so. "'Then you don't think Blue Eyes will be do?" "Do you 7" ' elf "N-no-but what am I to tell sis 7" "The truth. None but women who can ed rough it should come WVest. By the way, you've never described your sister to me." "en "Haven't I? Well, she isn't much to the look at, but she's good, and sweet-tem. elf. pared, and capable. If I could find her est mate, I ask nothing better of Heaven." I said nothing; Charlie gave me a oshe oricis look, and theni began to tallk of something else. Vge In my parlner's next letter to his sister, ":y he hinted very strongly that she was not e to mention his name until be gave hbr leave. Two photographs were the resuenlt. \- One of the ladies represented was very uld stout, of evident German descent. The ton other was a rather pretty woman with ale roungish eyes and pouting lips. There was no description of this one, only on the for back of the card was written to "I send poor darling Mrs Fee's just at ?Pi- a venture. Har husband died last week, nes and she is alone in the cold world." The stout woman was recommended Snbecause bshe had been twice to Germany and back, and didn't seem to mind it at not all; in addition to which she had ten dollars in bank, and was coming West to visit friends in Portland. "C- oming West I" gasped Charlie. So He rushed to the door and bolted it. "Look out of the window, Jack, do youen ing see any one coming ?" he anxiously asked. "No-not even the ghost of the widow's dear departed," I laughed. EB. "Don'tl! you make me shudder. What's Is to sis thinking of, I wonder." ag a "You must tell her to try again, and isble draw a line at widsws of less than a vm year's standing." t of During the next few weeks ChObarlie re. that ceived at least a dozen pictures; half of Italy them were of "sooiety girls," who would the not do at all; there was a rich widow of Idb sixty. Charlie tore up that photograph, Sau remarking grandly that he was not for two sale. Then came several plain maidens, 'our. each with a mission which she might be s & persuarded to abandon in Charlie's favour, aders wrote sis. (I had somehow fallen into the habit of calling her this). She thought he was very hard to please. The maidene nost with a mission were followed by two ahey artists and a literary lady, all of severe or "atand.oglb" asjepot By this time Charlie was in despair. "Is there not one genuine, old-ftlahineD girl in sie's set," he groaned, "whose mission it is to make homo happy-who is not afraid of work, and does not live a for society ?" t To this I could only return the usual p answer " Better lock next time, old man I" b Every time a wife came I jottad down the fact on the door frame with a pencil. Winter was well advanced when another t letter came enclosing a tin-type of a girl d reclining in a garden chair, with hands clasped and eyes turned heavenward. She was a poetess of the first water, with no end of fame and beauty, sis wrote. " I told dear Aurota (that's her name) how you lived all alone in the wild daisy dotted field of Oregon, and she clapped her hands and looked so lovely that I made her have this little tin.type taken in that very [attitude yesterday. I told her it was just a fancy I had, and she com olied at once. She is such a sweet. tempered creature !" To tell the troah, I felt somewhat sorry for.Charlie ; but I had jest come in from I a horse.back ride of forty miles, and could keenly appreciate a joke. I hadn't laughed at a photograph (before my partner) for a long time, but I did laugh at this one, and the dear old boy threw the boot-jack at me. The door frame was pretty well marked up when one day a letter came enclosing two more photographs. The letter stated that photo number ons was M'ss Agnes Harding. "She is not exactly in our sot, or rather she has not thd, time to be, for she's a typewriter, and takes care of herself and her mother. She Is the very last lady whose photo I have. 'I just lova Agnes, she's so independent and persevering; she is a good housekeeper and a loyal friend. Photo number two is my own, I send it to letyou see bow thin I have br come. I haven't had a night's rest nr haunted by woman for months. My last and best bean has left me because I had no time to go out while wife-hanting, and all to no purpose, an'esa you like Ages ; and there's the possibility that she won't like you, or liking you, will not leave her mother. In any case, I'm sure she will not go out to you-you must come and plead your cause in person. She knows her own value, and is in no hurry to be I married. Well, I've done my best,so you may keep my picture in case anything happens to me." All the time Charlie was reading this I felt the profoundest pity for sis. Indeed, unknown to him, I had long since belt a Scastle where sia reigned supreme. In each letter, her bright, sunny nature was Srevealed more and more plainly. Her mention of her bean gave me such a jealous pang that it opened my eyes to the fact that I was hopelessly in love with Smy partner's sister. The photograph showed her with a half Sconmc, half earnest frown on her face. She was not pretty, and her hair was just the least bit untidy ; but these little draw backs only deepened my secret misery. SI loved her the better for them. They Sproved that she was not vain or self-con. scions. S So intent was I on my own thoughts " that I was considerably startled when e Charlie broke into a regular double shuffim that would have done credit to TopEey, d accompanying himself with a real old . time whistle. It was ten minutes before I could quiet him, and then he broke down suddenly. I felt an unusual amount of drespect for my partner when I saw his big heart for an instant more plainly than u sual as he said "God bless her She's worth her weight in pure gold ! There's only one chance in a thousand that she'll have me, Sa poor Western stock farmer, but I mean to try to win her. Yon and I have earned Y a holiday, Jack, now that the new house is r finished and furnished; suppose we leave the stock with the men, for a few weeks, Sand go east fr a visit? I forgot to men e tion it at the time, old man," ha went on h with a quizz cal smile, "but I sent your e photo to sis a few months ago, and al?e ,n thinks you a rather good looking follor. Will you come ?" S You can divine my answer. Our wooing it prospered, and when my partner and Ire ir turned to the West, we were accompanied Sby ses, Agnes, and Mrs Harding. Charlie found that Miss Harding would not leave dher mother, so he deciled to take the old r lady too ; and the new hoese now holds ' the happiest,.most complete family party in old Oregon. . . . . 