A SCHEME THAT WQSZED.i BY W. J. Lamptok. . Fred Burgess, was a young fellow of 24j and, after thb fashion of youngsters of that number of years, desperately in love. The yow^g woman who had led him captive was four years his, junior ; pretty, popute, an.d poor, and just. coquet^hSiij*^^ the r^ged^ii^Srali^ unusual efonctimatic of yOung women under similaT .'conditions. In addition to this, he had no idea, that the girl loved him, or, rather, permitted him to love her, because his father was very rich and had promis d Fred a handsome sum on his wed ling day. To a girl fond of society as Harriet was, Fred knew that money was an object, and, while he was ready to furnish the money to a wife, he did not wish to furnish the money for a wife—a nice distinction that some men with money sometimes overlook. Fred's father was a handsome widower of 45, and was more elder brother than father to a boy, and their comradeship and community of interests were the subjects of many pleasantries atnon? their friends. " How about the girl, Fred ?" asked the father one day, as they sat in the library. r " Which girl ?" smiled Fred. "The best one, of course." • " You mean Harriet ?" Fred's face grew longer. '• Well, pop,'' he said familiarly^ "I don't know exactly, arid I flon't like to say what I think." , . f " Out 'with it, my boy," urged the father; between us. we ought to be a match for any woman alive," " I don't want you to be a match for this one," ventured Fred, shyly. Mr. Burgess bowed his acknowledg- ments- "Permit me to say equal to any woman," he smiled. " Granted," said Fred ; " and I think we are; but you can't 'most always sometimes tell." The father indisnted some 3urp«ise. " She isn't going to fly the track, is she ?" he asked. " No, not that; she's going to Btay on and make the race, but I'm afraid it's entirely for the purse that's up." "O, ho," laughed the father ; "she's making a shy at the shekels, is she ?" " No, pop," protested Fred : '' I wouldn't say that; only I'm afraid she might &e.;" Mr. Bnrgess become thoughtful and Fred was silent for some time. " Frederick, my chicken," said he after a while, lying his hand on the young man's shoulder," I have a scheme; a great scheme and he tapped his dome of thought with much personal pride. " Where did you get it, papa ?" asked Fred banteringly ; " import it 7" " No, my son ; I manufactured it right here at home." again tapping his forehead. " Now you sit down and let me tell yon about it." " Wait till I brace myself, in order to resist the shock," said Fred, seating himself deep down in a -big easy chair. " Let her go, pop, I'm ready," and pop thereupon proceeded to let her go. Three months later Mr. Burgess and Fred were in the library of the Burgess mansion once more, Fred having returned only that day from a visit to some friends in England. "Well, Father Burgess," he said, with unusual impatience, " how did the scheme work ?" "My boy, my boy," groaned ^r. B. lugubriously, " I'm not in it sixty seconds." " Wouldn't it work ?" asked Fred in a disappointed tone. " Let me tell the harrowing tale," and Mr. Burgess fixed himself comfortably. " A month after you left, in my coy and diffident manner, I asked Miss Harriet one day. on the street if I couldn't walk home with her. She was just too sweet for anything,"—Fred winced—" ani said it would charm her beyond expression. So I walked along with her, talking about you and other young men. Miss Harriet was enraptured to hear what I said of you and of the other young men, and then very demurely said she thought older men were so much nicer. Then I was charmed, and when we reached her home sho invited me to call' with such a winning grace that I couldn't resist it, and accepted the l inyitatioR in nay very best style." Fred got up and tramped around the library awhile. " Confound the women," he sail. " Did you go 7" " Didn't I go 7" responded the father with a semi-whoop, " Well, I should eay I did, and until four days ago I didn't give one of those other youngsters a ghost of a chance at anything. By the way, Fred " he added regretfully, " it costs like the mischief to court a girl right these days, doesn't it p I had no idea it was such an expensive luxury." Fred writhed in his chair. " Go on," he said almost sternly, "Oh, I did go on," laughed the father, "and she encouraged me, too, and, by Jove, young fellow, I became so interested I couldn't stop going on." Fred looked at his father in amazement. If this thing continued he felt that something disagreeable would happen to him, but he said nothing. " Well," resumed Mr. Burgess,four days ago, at 8 p. m., I called for the four dozenth time, and my mind was made np to have that girl in the family, even if I had to prove myself a traitor to do it." • Fred almost forgot himself, but he exercised all his powers of restraint. Said I," continued Mr, Burgess, "after I had beaten around the emotional bush for half an hour, ' Miss Harriet, you have become very near and dear to me.' " 4 Yes ?' she smiled, 'I'm so glad.' << • Thank you,' said I, ' and now, without further preliminaries, I want you to be my wife.'" Fred stood up straight and looked down fiercely on his father. " Yes," said that gentleman, as if Fred were enjoying it, " those are the exact words I used on that interesting occasion, and I used others and kept on using them, but ehe only shook her pretty head. "'Just think,' said I, coaxing my very best,' how nice it would be for yoa to be Fred's stepmother.' "•Now, Mr. Burgess,' said she in response to this argument, and she smiled in a way that made me want to grab her,' don't you think it would be ever so much nicer for me to be Fred's wife ?"' Fred laughed hysterically and kicked an unoffending ottoman clear over the table. " ' No, I don't,' said I, trying to take her hand. " * Well, I do,' said she, dropping her smile and getting firm in the face, ' and that is where we differ to an extent that you, with all your money and good looks and palavaring and experience cannot hope to change in a million years. If there is any other relation to your family that I would prefer, above being Fred's wife, it might be to be your stepmother just long enough to givo you the spanking you deserve, for trying to persuade me to be disloyal to Fred, while he is absent and cannot see what is going on, so he aould put a stop to it. Good evening, Mr. Burgess,' and with these unkind remarks to your devoted and loving old father, my boy, yonr dear Harriet flouted out of the room and left me sitting there feeling like an idiot, four stories tall and as big around as a barn." Fred jumped np and threw his arms around his father's neck. "Pop, old boy," he exclaimed joyfully. " you're a trump." "Yes, my boy, I know it," sighed Mr. Burgess, " but you've taken the trick, and I'm going to deduct from your wedding present what it cost me to court that girl while you were away, and I wish you would tell her so with my compliments." 