TO ELSINORE. The chance of travelling in Denmark in a train called 'express' was of itself alone al- most enough to tempt me to take the run from Copenhagen to Elsinore. Nothing more terrible as a trial of patience can be imagined for the impetuous man than a long course of railway journeys in Scandinavia. It is much the same in Sweden and Den- mark in this respect. If you fail to get into an express train—and there are very few of these—you may spend a whole day in cover- ing less then a hundred dreary miles. Besides, in my case it was winter. It is all very well in the bright northern summer to have from ten to twenty minutes to loiter at each little railway station. In winter, however, when you may have thirty or forty degrees of frost in the outer air, the constant going and coming of travellers keeps you in a perpetual state of discomfort, and you have no inducement to stretch your legs in these little wayside stations, which have nothing for you except a dull series of advertisements and a succession of keen draughts. The distance to Elsinore is rather under forty miles. To cover this in a little over an hour is a feat of which the Danish State offi- cials are reasonably proud. In Denmark the bulk of the railways are in the hands of the Government. This has its advantages as well aa its disadvantages. A Government is bound, for example, to care for its sub- jects. Therefore, perhaps, it is that slow but sure travelling is one of the features of Danish railway locomotion, even as also the carriages are in winter kept excellently warmed. On the other hand, the fruits of enterprising competition between rival rail- way companies are not obtained. As a fur- ther comment upon the State influence here, it may be mentioned that the more important trains carry electric light, in the blessing of which even the lowest class of travellers participate. Elsinore is famous for two or three char- acteristics. I suppose most of us on this side of the German Ocean are still fanciful enough to think of it chiefly in connection with Hamlet and his father's ghost. Until about a century ago to merchant shippers it was a subject of execration because of the Sound dues, which were here collected. Both these elements of interest may, however, be dismissed from the mind nowadays. To the ordinary person, whether a business man or a seeker after the picturesque, the town ap- peals most as the ferry port betwixt Denmark and Sweden. There is here only some two and a quarter miles of waterway in the Sound. A man must try very hard if he is to be sea-sick in so brief a crossing, espe- cially with so much beauty and animation around him : the gay villas of Helsingborg on the Swedish side, with their wooded knolls ; Kronborg's noble castle by Elsinore ; the long line of Danish pleasure resorts north and south ; and the myriad of craft of all kinds—from one tonners to five thous- and tonners—which adorn the blue waters far as the eye can see up and down the Sound. As it was winter, however, with the ther- mometers of Copenhagen sticking at zero, I scarcely expected a surfeit of the beautiful either en route or at Elsinore itself. An un- kind gray fog hung over the capital when we left it ; the same mantle stayed low upon the snow-bound landscape on either hand of of us. From out of it, once or twice, several blotches of black stood strongly, telling of the forests around the summer palaces of Denmark's king. But there was too much rime on the window of the car to allow more than a dim glance at those. I had as a companion a stout, good-natured man, who entertained me with English conversation. He had been cut to pieces by a railway train years back during a holiday in which he had come from America to his home land ; and thanks to his amazing constitution and the doctors, his trunk had survived the shock. I did not at first notice how he was muti- lated, he looked so hale in the face. He was extremely anxious to be agreeable, poor fel- low, and succeeded entirely. ' Now, what,' he asked, after telling about his accident, ' would you have done if you had been me ? Would you have stayed in Denmark or gone back to America ?' It was an odd question, since I knew nothing of the circumstances. But on general grounds it seemed to me that for the battle of life in the States at least a pair of hands and legs are necessary ; and so I commended him for his own de- termination. The commendation pleased him. Near Elsinore, the train hugs the sea- shore ; but on this day you would never have dreamed you were by ocean's flowing tide. In fact, there was no water to be seen. All was frozen fast, and buried be- neath six or seven inches of new- fallen snow. The fog east cut the horizon short even as it severed it in the west. There was but a white level skirting for the mind to toy with. Here and there men were to be seen fishing. They had dug themselves holes in the ice, and tried for their prey with nets and long handled tridents. Snow- bound villas with fantastic eaves and gables rose at intervals in the haze, compelled ad- miration, and were lost to sight. And so at length we sped into Elsinore station, which my companion described, and I think justly, as ' the most beautiful in the world. ' 