GHOSTS EN SYDNEY. Ghosts, or spirits, or "spooks," or whatever wo may liko to call thorn are tho latest sensa tion in Sydney-. The vagaries of tho phen omena of Spiritualism aro no now thing. During the last half century wo havo had tiicory after theory on tho subject, oach ono exploding tho ono it succeeded. No ono can dispute tho fact that tho subject is a most fascinating ono. Some of the finest intellects of our timo havo bocn attracted by it, and hnvo became advocates and firm adherents in tho spiritualistic belief. W. J. Edmunds, ono of the finest jurists of tho United States —a Judge of Appeal in tho Empire Stato— mado an oxlmustivo inquiry into tho subject, ami ended by becoming a prominent boliovor. Exactly 40 years havo gono by sioco an American Spiritualist— Mrs. Haydon— visited England aud converted Robert Owen, tho founder of English Socialism, Dr. Asburner, tho translator of Rcichonbacli, and othore whoso names aro world famous. Spiritualism has made wonderful strides in public know lodgo sinco then. Somo "mediums" havo performed astonishing feats whioh havo baffled explanation except on tho basi of Hamlet's words — " There aro more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than aro dreamt of in your philosophy." On tho other hand somo of those claiming to bo "mediums" havo been discovered to bo undoubted frauds, and honco tho multitudiu- ous army of sooptics havo been inolined to doubt tho whole tiling. On tho contrary spiritualism has its ardent votaries, few per haps in numbers, but as enthusiastic in their cause as disciples of a now oreod invariably Such is the caso in Sydney just now. There is a solcct spirituolistio circle there,,.- r tho most prominent figure in which ia Charles McCarthy, a well-known Syd- physician, who is a scientific enthusiast, a. ' whoso "marble man" oanscd a sensation somo few years ago. Writing tho other day this gontlcraan said : — "For some time past I inysolf, with somo members of tho medical profession here, havo been engaged in an investigation into tho nature and developments of this same force, with a view to Its possible utilisation in our healing art. Though having had sinoe boyhood many strango personal experiences in telepathlo dreams, clairvoyant visions, and premonitions oi th« dwth of rolatitat, all of which phonomona wcro strangely, nud somo, olan ! sadly verified, yot many years passed by before I gave serious thought to this subjcot, which may bo regarded as invested . with a special medical interest. Truo it is, howover, that in many points in conuootion with it, I remained not alone sceptical, but folt that thoso who bollovo in cortaiu occult oocurrcnccs woro arrant fools. So I re mained until aocidont led mo to investignto personally, when, step by stop, I was intro duced Into a knowledge) and forced into nn ncccptanco of all tho phcuomcnu that I gonorously designated fradulont or impos- siblo. I have sinco had tbo opportunity of many times witaossin certain of tho hlghor phases of pyohi-Reusitivcnsss, oven including tho porfoot temporary raaterinlizntiuu of living, moving, intolligont human forms, which sometimes possessed a graco of out line and doportmont that would satisfy tho most nrtisno eyo. I luivo spoken to, felt, examined medically, and photographed eer- tain of theso forms, in thrco instances getting tho psychic and forma photographed together ou tho sumo plato, and I linvo witnessed numy of theso forms undergo tho process of so- called dcmuteriulisution. I havo, in prcsonoo of ahnndunt witnesses, soon theso marvellous phenomena occur oven without tho usual Cabinet,' and whon such was used, I havo seen, touched, and spokon to tho medium and form together. In ouo instauco, whon tho ourtain was purposely raised for mo by tho form, I witnessed- tho entranced, sensitive Mrs. of Sydney, to whom I stood quite closo, considerably reduced in sizo from tho material evolved in tho materialising pro cess." Siuco tho abovo was written by Dr. McCarthy for the opening numhor of Cosmos, tho " M " mentioned, who is no leu a person thau a Mrs. Mellon, has caused tho sensation of tho hour in Sydney. This lady might bo said to bo tho ccntro of tho spiritunliatio cirolo presided over by Dr. McCarthy. Mrs. Mellon has for somo months past been oleotrifying and mystifying a num ber of people in her privato seances by pro- dnoiug tho forms of spirits, who chat with the company, givo flowers, and accept olioco- lnto creams from them. To tho sennets no chnrgo was mado, and they havo beeu at tended by judges of tho Supremo Court, ox- Ministers of tho Crovra, ministers of religion aud u number of reputablo citizens, nil of whom testified to tho fact that real spirits had appeared to thera— whon tho lights wcro turned down. Theso spirits woro oven given names, such as 44 Geordie," 44 Cisalo " (a black girl). So rcalistio wcro tho figures, or gluists, that photographs liavo been obtained spirits, in somo instances, havo in scrni- darkcucd rooms, materialised and dissolved in tho middlo of tho floor, uway from tho cur- taincd recess whero tho medium sat in full vlow of tho ostonhihod olrclc. As among tho cirolo wcro Sydney citizens of roputo and sound common eonse, their confidcnco was being rapidly eoTmuunicnted to sooioty, and, as wo havo already said, spiritualism during tho past few wee Ira in Sydnoy has dovcloped Into a cnizo of tho most fashionablo and fascinating character. Tho climax oamo at ouo of tho latest seances hold at Mrs. Mellon1 8 houso. Twogontlcmou named Henry and Wullis, well-known In Sydnoy circles, wcro proaont on this partioular night, aud tho npirlt called 44 Cissy " ap peared. 44 Cissy," who represented a fittio girl of color, timidly advanced to tho aperture between tho curtains. This spirit damsel was in tho habit of requesting chocolato creams, and a box was prcsontod to hor. Slio rattled tho box with tho lollies inside, and moved a llttlo further into tho room. She was re quested by sovcrnl of her familiars in tho cirolo to givo thorn a chocolate cream. This sbo did iu sovoral instances. Mr. Heury asked for ouo, hut tbo spirit acomiugly do- clarfcj-b'," boguV fr 8ho refused his ro- quest?" j Henry, howover, persisted iu going xip to tho curtains, in tho vieinityof which 41 Cissy" was installed, on tho plea of picking up a lead pencil ho had dropped. "When closo to the spirit ho seized hor with both nrms about tho shoulders. According to Mr. Henry's statement, ho found that tho 44 spirit " ho hod grasped was tho medium, Mm. Mellon, completely in tho flesh and on her knees. Ho instantly called for light, and Mr. Walils at oueo struck matcho«nnd lit tho tfas. With tho lights full ou, Mrs. . Mellon trui ccsn by Mr. Henry, as ha be- lieves, with a black mask on hor faco, and a whito drapery like muslin around her shoulders. Her shoes aud atookiugs woro off, and hor fcot woro l>aro. All tho timo Mr. Honry had retained his hold of Mrs. Mellon, and lio assorts that ho saw in.sido tho cubioot a fulso blackboard. Ho released tho medium, and tho drapery and tho mask wcro hurriedly hidden. A goutlomim iu the company, which- was now all confusion, stopped aoross to tho cabinot and picked up tho black board, which was n similar otto to that usually worn by tho famous spirit 44 Geordie." It was imme diately snatched from his hand. Mr. Henry mado n thorough March of tho cabinot. Ho fouud thoro a pair of shoes and etookings, somo old muslin, u black shawl, and a small cotton bag. Tho black shawl was identified on ono which had used by ono of tho 44 spirits." Tableau ! Tho oxcitomcnt still rages. Mrs. Motion's statement is that tho moment 14 Citj.sio was seized she was dcmutcrialiHcd aud beenmo Mrs. Mellon nguiu, Sho uccouuts for tho fact that tho shoos and stockings woro oil' by stating that hor legs becamo so thin 1 during tho process of dcmatcriaiisution that thoy dropped oif, Horo nro heroivn words: "Iwaaquito normal up to this timo. Mr. Henry tho scoptio grabbed tho form by tho arm. You understand that part of my being was iu this form, nud tho moment ho mndo tho grab I fell off my chair to my knees. Tho pcoplo iti tho room heard mo full, and thought. 1 hud faiuted. When I fell I seemed to shoot into tho form, aud praotically to alworb it, tho conscqucnco being by this timo that Mr. Henry, instead of gripping thoform, had hold of my arm. I should oxpluin that wo know theso forms to be mndo up of atoms and par ticles from tho atmosphere, and from thoso In thocirclo, oombiuod with tho 4ncrvo aura' nnd 4 life cssonco ' of tho medium ; and if any thing interferes with tho form, which is really part of tho medium, it must necessarily hurt tho medium, aud will draw tho medium into tho form. As an ovidcuco of the fact that tho form does draw its existence from tho medium, 1 may say that on onooccaaiou, at a scunco at Dr. MnoCarthy's, tho form was weighed upon ouo scale, and I was weighed upon another, simultaneously. In foot, i was sitting upon a box ou uuc of tho scales nil tho evening. My normal weight thut evening, including tho small box, was 8st. Gib. "Whan I was weighed simultaneously with tho form, howover, my weight was reduced to 1st. I3lb., wliilo tho weight of tho fonu was registered at ?st. 1 Ub. At that stugo of tho ceanco I felt as though I was on tho scalo occupied by tho form, although, of courso, I kuuw I was not. I now, on my part, declare that when my medical advisee permits if,- I ntiuii uu ,V MUU nnuii, WUU God's help, givo proof of my well knowu materialising capacity by fitting after a pro- vious searching m a looked and sealed wire or irou c-ago in tho presence of roliablo and re presentative wltucssos, non-spirituulists in cluded." Dr. MoCarthy and others baok up Mrs. Mellon, and still bolicvo in her. Messrs. Honry and WnllLs, and thousands of scoptics do not. Aud so tho discussion goes on. Whut It will all end in it is imposaiblo to say, but moantimo tho publio cnudraw their own con clusions. 