LOCAL ITEMS. We are compelled to hold over many items until neft issue, including the continuation of our review of Mr. Jeff rey's orchard at Cheltenham under the heading of " The Gardens of Brighton and Moorabbin." The scale of charges adopted by the Brighton Council in 1886 for the use of the town hall. and subsequently for the drill room, have frequently been com plained of as prohibitive. They ranged from £4 4s. to £1 Is. At the council meeting on Monday Dr. Macanah moved that resolutions fixing the scale be rescinded, and that the public works committee consider the question of re vision. This was agreed to. The Brighton Free Library's appeal to the local council for monetary assist ance was successful on Monday even ing, and it was agreed to continue the grant-in-aid of £3 per mouth for another year. The Mayor and Cra. Falking ham and Backhouse were appointed the Council's representatives on the library committee. The Brighton brass band played some first-class music at the corner of Nepean road and Union street last Saturday evening, and enlivened the neighbor hood to an appreciable extent. Next Tuesday evening the band will parade the following streets, weather permit ting, leavi'i; the North Brighton sta tion at 8 o'clock, viz., Asling street to North road, thence to Drake street, and then down New street to Barkley street. The petition of Win. Macpherson, of Wilson aseet, Brighton, for the winding up of the Thomas Bent Land Company was argued in the Supreme Court before the Chief Justice on Monday, Tne petiti,,on set forth that the company was incorporated on 3rd March, 1888, the capital being £b2,000, to consist of 62,000 shares of £1. The petitioner was the holder of 250 shares. For more than one year the company had sus Fended business, and it was not able to pay its debts. The property and assets of the company were mortgaged for more than their value, and if the mort. gagees realised there would not be sufi cient to pay the amount of the mortgages. Mr. Topp said that it was believed that nearly 40,000 shares had been transferred or allowed to be for feited since the company ceased to do business. The petitioner wished tohol an enquiry into the circumstances under which those transactions had taken place, and as an amendment of the petition would be necessary to secure that object, the case was adjourned till December. Opposition to the petition was bffered by the company, and John Bljth, W. Huntly, Thos. Bent, A. Rattray, Gecb Johnston,J. H. O'Connor, and Jas. Hope, shareholders; Jane Conner and E. Gillespie, creditors. The conference of municipalities to consider the proposal of the Govern ment to reduce the municipal endow ment was held on Wednesday, when a motion was carried assing the Govern ment not to withhold this year's moiety, and to c.ontinue the vote at £310,000. A deputation subsequently interviewed the Premier, but without success, the hen. gentleman saying he could not alter the estimates as already framed. Cr. Wood, of Caulfield, and Cr. M'Cansh, of Brighton, wished the con ference to ask for the total abolition of the subsidy, and the withdrawal of the land tax as a ''quid pro quo," but could not carry an amendment to that effect. The flotation of a small loan on de bentures, already authorised, was de cided upon by the Moorabbin Council at its Monday's meeting for the con struction of Edith street, Mordialloo. The place is in a terrible state and needs attention badly now the warm weather is rapidly coming on. The loan will only be about £300, at 5 per cent., repayable in twelve years by the property owners abutting' on the street. An improvement rate will be struck of 4,d. per foot frontage, and this wilt ioi for the whole period of the T, 'lirlghton Beach Beserve is still troubling the mindes:of several coun cill qt d Cr. Falkingham last Mon d4y gi'?'notiee that it is his.intention to ooye that ?4r. Caretaker Kelly be ,iismissed, an that the reserve be open to the public. \- The gommittee of the Mehanioa' Institute, Mor?illloc, are making ar rangeapenta for aoldis. cUio amd fancy dress ba on ?e 10thb pro. in aia ~at ~ I It I~t l *Ii; Two sub-committees have been ap pointed by the .Brigbton Coticil to make investigation and report regarding the ceasspan contract and scavenging work with a view of more economical working. That very disgraceful ricketty old piece of woodwork that doan service as part of the North Brighton railway station was brought under the notice of the Brighton Council on Monday even ing by Cr. Wilson. He said the wood work was rotting away, and was the most disgraceful station in the colony. It was decided to have another shot by way of letter at the Railway Commis sioners on the subject. Mr. Kittrick wrote to the Moorabbi, Council at its last meeting, asking fo, co-operation in an endeavor to get the Postal Department to establish a brand office at the Highett store. The reaso, of the agitation was that the Depart ment had ceased clearing the receivinE, box on the railway station at night t, the great inconvenience of residents' Mr. Keys said" there was not a ghost of a chance of getting a branch office at the store, and the council decided to ask the authorities to allow the guard to clear the receiving box at night " A tacit understanding has been ar rived at by the Moorabbin Shire Council to-do!no more pork on private streets. except underr '-extraordinary circum stances. Ors. Lamb Smith and Benjamin waited on the Acting Railway Commis sioners on Friday last, and asked that special excursion trains be run to Chel tenham, Mentone. and Mordialloc on Saturdays and Sundays, at one shilling return fare. The Commissioners se plied that the matter was already under consideration, and had been referred to the traffic superintendent. An an nouncement embodying the suggestion of the deputation would probably be made in a few days. The energetic councillors determined to kill two birds with the one stone, and at the same time asked the Commissioners to reduce the prices of periodical tickets, but the reply was that the Department could not see its way to comply. The President of the Shire of Moo. rabbin (Cr. Abbott) intends taking a trip to England, partly on. business, partly on pleasure, and generally for the good of his health. He mentioned the matter at the council meeting on Monday, and said his intended de parture had been fixed for or about the 15th prox. It was a question whether he should resign as president and coun cillor, or whether he should obtain leave. As far as he was personally con corned he offered to place himself en tirely in the hands of his fellow counr cillors. He was quite willing to resign both his offices. He hoped to return to the colony about March, but busi ness might possibly detain him longer. The matter was held over till next council meeting, to allow the secretary time to see if the president could legally be absent from so many meetings, even by consent of the council. For our part we think Cr. Abbott is fairly en titled to leave on full" pay, and as all his municipal labors have been purely honorary, the ratepayers could well afftrd to give such an old warrior in their interests a deserved spell ;-and so say all of us. Commenting on the Land Tax debate in the Assembly, the "Age" says : The) Opposition was unfeignedly de lighted to have at least one of the legal recruite, Mr. Moule, on their side. They gathered enthusiastically around him when he rose Ajax- like to defy the fcrensic lightning df his professional brethren, Messrs. Higgins, Irvine and Fink, and were unstinted in their encouragement and applause. What the youthful successor of Mr. Bent lacked in some respects he made up for in obvious earnestness of purpose. He was actually angry with the situation. IHe regards the land tax as but a step in the direction of' a single tax and con tiscation, and maintained against all disputants that until a line can be drawn between the value of State efforts and individual efforts no scientific tax on the unimproved value of land can .be propounded. Another of his points was that if the State taxed unearned increment, it was logically bound to pay undeserved decrement. His own desire is for a property assessment tax. "Then move it," cried the Premier and others, and the Premier also privately referred the hon. member to a passage in May's text book on Parliamentary practice, showing that such an amendment is per missable. Mr. Moule said he would acteon the hint if the carrying of the amendment would not displace the Government. In connection with the scheme of rail way economy, the goods aiding at North. road station, on the Mordialloc line has been lately clsed. A deputation introduced by Mr. Moule, MI.L A., has seen the commissioners on the subject, and been informed that to obviate two men being employed unnecessarily at block working in connection with the mnterlocking system, ithad been rdsolved to take out the cross-over roads at the station, arid that prevented the goods siding being worked. The deputation suggested an alternative manner of pro viding for the delivery of goods at the lcal.?ty, and the comumisaioners promised to give it consideration. SThe fortnightly meeting of the Chelhenham A.kNA. was held mon the 14th inst, in the Mechanics Institute. Mr. Morrow (president) in the chair. After the routine business (which included the election of Mr. T. Wedd as a benefit member) had I been transacted, a lecture on "Free trade and Land Value Taxation" was given by Mr. J. E Mackey, M.A. The le*oturer entered into his subject very fully and elicited a great number ", .questiona on his conclusiono. The next meeting will be held on Wedasi. day, 28th inst., Mr. Morrow being i sat doa;n for an address on that occasion. SWerefe our readers to advt in an. other column announcing a Christmas Market to,be held at St. Joseaph 8chool, Stanhope street, Malvero. Owi to the strenuous exertibnsof thehon sees. Mrs. Smith and' Miss Callanan, there is i no doubt .that their efforts will be I owned with success. Mr, E. B. P. IBles hs kinly oefered his services, 