Was it a Ghost they Saw? . MIrs H H. JEN?Nir.S lives at No. 21I, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss Minnie Parrot boarts with her. The house is an old one, but in good order Cne night early in December (1S9)) the two women locked all the doors and went to the theatre, leaving -not a soul in the houcs. They left the gas burning, however, in the fro=t parlour. At about half-past eleven they returned, and entered the house laughing and talking. But as they went into the parlour the merry humour died out of themin a second. Right in the middle of the room stood a dark man of gigantic stature. The upper part of his face was concealed by a mask, his eyes gleam ing through the eyeholes in it. His shirt sleeves were rolled up. and in one hand he carried a long, old-fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the: room,A and when Mr. Jennings caone in five minutes later he found no one in the parlour and all thedoors and window s securely locked. What was it the women saw? ' During a recent period of ill health." writes an American friend." I had slept badly for' several successive nights. On the fourth of these nights about two o'clock, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by " what seemed like the calling of my name;" and at the foot of the bed st?od the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as she was leaving home to go on a journey, on which journey she was killed in a railway disaster. I screamed and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and I would never get well, Yet I did, and am-in perfect health now. " IL believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it since, and it's more than three years ago now." No dount it was the nerves. Why, there's no end to the tricks the nervs will play oft on you when your System isoutofcondition. In March, 189o. It was, that Mrs Jane Foster, of Parra cott Road, Pokesdown, Hants, wrote us as fol lows:-"I was so dreadfully nervous I could not bear anyone in the room with me, yet I did not wish them far away in case I should call out for help. 'This was in June, sSS9. I slept very badly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed. There was often a severe pain in my tead and over my eyes, and I was sick most of the time. My skin was dry and yellow.and the stomach and bowels felt cold and dead, By-and-by I had to lie helpless in bed. The doctor said he didn't know what my complaint was. I took nothing but liquid food, and could not retain even that on my stomach. By this timo I was nothing but skin and bone. My memory completely failed. My head ached so dreadfully I thought I should lose my senses, and my friends agreed that I would never get better. " I had given up all hope, when one day Mrs Vest, of Bournemouth. called and asked what I was taking. She told me she was herself just as badly oft, and was cured by Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup. As she seemed to have so much faith in this medicine. I tried it, and in three days I was able to walk across the room, and by the end of the week I went dow n stai's. Now I am as well as ever. I can cat and digest my food, 2nd all my nervousness has left me " The malady Mrs Foster sqffered from was indigestion and dyspepsia and nervous prostra tion. The original cause was grief and shock at the violent death of her husband, by acci dent, and the .system rallied only when the Syrup had given new vigour to the digestion and thus fe.l and toned the nerves. Wha:ever may be your opinion of the Bridge port ghost, it remains true that most uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less than a set of nerves all upset by indigestion and dyspepsia. Ghosts come from the inside of the person who sees them, and when Mother Seigel's Syrup does ita work the eyes and ears entertain only what is natural and wholesorme. 