DEVIL AGENCIES. The Infernal Regions. Address by Bev. Ls Eeunetel. 'The Dark Sciences — Sph'ituallsm, .. Fortuno - Tolling; Hypnotism— Trickery, Sorcery and Superstition. At the Federation Hall, Church Hill, yesterday evening ' the Rev. Futhor Le Rennetel, S.M., delivered an address on- titled " The Devil of the Nineteenth Cen tury." There was a : large audience, which included many ladies and several Catholic 'clergymen, The Hon. Louis F. Heydon, M.L.C., presided, and among those present . wore Monsignor' O'Brien, the Rev. Dr: . Aubray and Mr. Daniel O'Connor. The delivery of the address occupied nearly an hour and three-quarters. In a racy, humorous manner Father - Le - Rcnuctcl spoko_ upon fortune-tellers, sorcorers, wizards, conjurors, spiritualists, &c.; Ho related a number of stories in order to-throw light on the tricks resorlod - to .by persons who engaged in tho dark 'scieuces. He easily succcoded iu causing many outbursts of laughter, and he was accorded a vote, of thanks ou tho motion of Mr. D. O'Connor, " who used culogy:characteristic of him in referring to the "attainments of tho Cardinal and the Rcv.. Lc Rennetel. The chairmau said there was no need to hnvu the motion seconded, the laudation of tiie ex-Postmaster-General being sufficient for two speeches. 'The not profits, which should amount to a consider able sum, will be. devoted to the funds of St. Patrick's Convent, Church Hill. Tho Rev; Father Le Rennetel said it was held by many people that the less men beiievcu -in God- the more credence they placed on tho devil and superstition. The devil was -a being which Almighty God made good,, but who fell away from goodness through solf-conceit and pride. A little boy was once asked who made the devil. His answer was, " God made him an angel, but he mado himself a devil." , A grout many people said the devil never existed ; that he never had an objective existence. Therefore, if he said the devil really existed he' mast bo classed amongst the infinito number of fools. How-could any man in Australia doubt the cxisteuco of' the devil, for everyone swore by-the devil every day. ..-If the devil was not at work in society how was it they had so many unemployed iu tho city during the -last two or three years, and they saw men going. about with despondent looks and sunken eyes ? How was it that all tho prac titioners in dark sciences carried on. a most profitable trade? How was it that when they hung out the signboard of deception at their doors they were sure to have immense crowds go to them day after day and give them their shillings? The practitioners in dark sciences were patronised not only by servant girls— ob, no — but it they .happened to pass by they would see that ladies who visitod at Government House would pay them a regular call overy week, going there dressed in silks and. wearing liats of the latest fashion. - What to do ? To consult an old witch,- a toothless, fuded-away old woman, who had failed in everything eUe, but. who succeeded boy ond expectation in telling young ladies the men -they were going to marry, and speakiug to old dames of their woes and joys, and ot their bygone love days, Any- ouo who was a wizard was suro to succeed in that trado on following two conditions, and only two. Ho, or she, because it was, generally speaking, carried on by persons of the female sex, must promise happiness to the young ladies, and they must tell' tho ' married women they made a mistake when they wero married. No doubt when they came to the altar they pronounced tho words, "I take you for better and worse," but . the words "I tako you for better" -were uttered by the man, and " I take yon for worae".by the woman. Henco it ,vas ho did not Bee how they could doubt the existence of trie devil, but the devil wsb not answerable for everything that they laid down at his door. For in stance, on Monday night — tho even ing on which he got many visits— a man came to. him. He was not the only one who ' saw him that night, so they would not know who he was. He could tell . by the man's look that he waB very norvous, and that something awful had happened. His eyes wero bloated, there wore scars on his face, his hands wero cold, nnd he shivered and trainbled. " Well, Father, do you know what happened to me tho night before last?" he asked. Then he wont on, " A devil appeared to me and spoke to me." Ho told that man ho did not think tha evil spirit came from the infernal regions, bat bad come from the dark pit of a cellar, and- had taken transitory abode in a nobbier. Ho must say thoro wero some very dangoronB spiritnalists here, but where were they going to look for them? Were they going to Rushcatter Bay or Dar ling Point? No. Well where would they find the spiritualists, hypnotists, or anything elso they liked to call them. They were not devil-worshippers, a society which existed in several countries. At II o'clock at night thcy'Bhould go to tho back room of some newspaper office, and there tboy would ado Bitting round a littlo square table three or four men who woro dis cussing the topics . of the day, and_ after hypnotising each other by nil sortB of queer tales they found out ..what a goatleman was going to say tho noxt day, bat what he never intended saying. 'Thoy know that part of tho breakfast of a Britisher was his newspaprir. Tho next day when the gentleman was at breakfast, and when ho had taken nothing stronger than coffee or tea, ho saw in tho newspaper that ho waB to speak on frae-trade when he meant to speak on protection. Ho could not help it. Thcro it was in black and white. He might find it very black, but there it Wits. It must bo done. If ho made a fool of himsolf it mattered not. Tho will of the press was like tho will of a woman — it must be oboyed if they cared anything for their exterior or interior happiness. Modern spiritualism dates from 184S, when the noiscB and movements were begun at a house in the State of Now York by a family named Fox. 'Tiioir two little daughters, aged 9 ana 12, were the first mediums. The girls wero tied in bags, but still the knocks continued. Very soon mediums wore found to exist ovorywliero. Thero wns one cele brated medium in England who put his hands ' in the fire in a rod- hot stove and caught hold of every one of tho burning coals just liko a man would count out oyst0s. Ho put some of- the redhotcmbersinsido tho shirt ho wat wearing with tho same ease that somo burglars would put their jowullcry nrtioleB into their pockets. He wished tho Sydney mcdiumB would do that, They might do it loOOyears houcc, when reincarnation came about. Ho then referred at length to what he termed the bill of fare at tiie spiritualistic seances. Ho had with his own eyes eccn in Franco a man swallow a.sword, another set himseli on fire and draw lire from his mouth, nose and ears. That was riot in Australia ; they wero not so venturesome liorc. Ho heard a man who onco appeared before a small audience say ho must do away with him self. That man then cut hie head off, nnd to Bhow there was no deception about it be banded it rounl bleeding to the audience. Before . tho head was returned to the shoulders it began to speak. It said, " Old man I want to go back to my owe place !'' The manscrcwed the head on again us best ho could. That, reiterated the speaker, was what " lie had seen with his own eyes." At the Egyptian Hall, London, he had seen a lady balanced in mid air, Tho Sydney, spiritnalists could not do that. He said the balanoing trick was done , before thousands of peoplo, who wern told, thoro .was no deception about it. He told the audience that it was an optical illusion, and showed how.it was workod. Spirits, ghosts, or spooks, he stated several times, were " done by a trick." As a proof of that, be said ho had the testimony of one of the most cele brated English mediums, who died three months sgo. Oil her deathbed she said, on oath, that everything she had done in connection, with the scancns was simply roguery and deceit. Ho then rofered to the tricks of Dr.- Slane and the Devonport Brothers. The whole of Dr. Slade's spirit I 'was "his big toe." Ouo of tho principal mediums who had been in Sydney used -for his ghost a bit of gauze and three or four feet of wire which hud bceu aippod in phos phorous. He hud read iu the Paris Figaro of a woman medium being behind a rctcen when she was to produce ghosts, The cur- tuin fell, arid a man— the ghost— wns found alongside the woman. Where did ho come from? Oh, don't ask him. Iu those days the ladies wore improvers. If thoro woro spirits at those seances they . could not bo good,' because Cod Almighty forbade by his Holy Writ good spirits to visit ua to deceive m. There was nothing but fraud, trickery and trumpery in those things. At a seance lately in Newtown- cue of two ministors present asked tho ghost about a mine in Queensland. "There are millions of pounds in it," said tho ghost. 'J'ho minister invested every penny he had — £4000 or £5000— and just five days after wards the mine was declared bankrupt. He had evidonce that tha spirits told lies. If they told lies they could not bo good. Thero wore about . 300 inmates in a lunatic asylum near Paris, aud 56 of them wero the victims of spiritualism, which made peoplo who wore connected with it nervous and mad. Ho hoped that the audience would come to the same conclusion that ho did, viz., that if spiritualism was brought about by the intervention of the devil, then they, as scnsiblo persons, guided by Holy Writ, and iu their own interests aud in that of society, would keop away from such sciences; for if they were not roguery they were most dangerous to society. ' 