NEED JL.ES: "Short, Sharp, Shiny." He—"These young people seem very frivolous." . She—" Sfes; but we shall improve as we near thirty;" Warm. Cyclorama. . Anarchism. Sudden death. Coal difficulty. Symonds fund. A rare mineral. New Australia. ■ "Continentals." A curious story. A timely rescue. Harvest festival. - '■ A serious charge. Arson in Sydney. Innocents abroad. Two shark stories. Village settlement. A family sacrificed. \- A butter monopoly; An interesting case. Anarchy in Europe Shearers' conference. Technical education. A shipping proposal. Serviceable lifeboats. Reid outrivals Dibbs. • Raids on totalizators. Another fall in silver. . Blizzard in Oklahoma. Explosion at a factory. The sergeant-at-arms dead. "The Squatters' Pardon." Another dynamite outrage. Hurricane in Great Britain. ' ■The Queen's life threatened. "Picturesque New Guinea." Betters from New Australia. The Mayor of Burwood dead. London cabbies and cigarettes. Races take place at Dublin to-day. Anarchists revenging Variant's death. Victoria- is doiDg well out of totalizator raids. A large shark captured at Brighton on Monday. Fancy a London cabby with a Turkish cigarette! A lunatic has been threatening the life of the Queen. More lambs taken in by Melbourne fidence" men. ■ London agitators are suggesting the hang ig ot landlords. The S. AvTattersall's Club on the look out for new premises. Victoria has added £1,800 to its revenue by raids on totalizators. Additional police protection wanted at the Plattsburg collieries. A rich gold discovery is reported from Daylesford, Victoria. A message-carrying albatross captured after travelling 2,000 miles. Limelight views andmnsic at'the Exhibition Gardens this evening. The Premier objects to " strong men eating the bread of charity." Mr. Paisley, the Mayor of Burwood, has suc cumbed to his wounds. A trip to the old country for one shilling at to-nieht's Continental. Mr, A. E. Wilby died suddenly at Parlia ment House yesterday. By the steamer Waroonga 399 passengers cleared for West Australia. The Victorian cricket team leave Melbourne for Adelaide on February 27. The preparatory chemistry class is' to be continued at the School of Mines. The Customs receipts up to February 10-this year amounted to £32(5.652 8s. 3d. Gold-bearing reefs have been discovered on ■the Fernhill estate, in Devonshire. The,steamer Waroonga shipped 100 camels at Port Augusta for West Australia. Another "muscular Christian" is added to the list of colonial missionary adventurers. A deputation from fcheunemployed will wait on the Lieutenant-Governor this afternoon. The Minister of Education leaves South Australia for N,ew Zealand on Friday next. Napoleon's ghost and the enchanted foun tain still form attractive features at. the Cyclorama. The Treasurer has sold to the Savings Bank of South Australia £200,000 worth of 31 per cent, bonds. Mr. Wilton Hack has taken possession-of thf laud allotted for village settlement at-Moun! Remarkable. A hurricane ,of unprecedented severity has passed over a portion of Great Britain, doing .immense damage. ; An enthusiastic meeting was held last nighl to arrange for a benefit performance fo: "Dick" Whittington. ;'The Squatter's Pardon," am original Aus tralian drama, ■ will be produced at the-Bijot Theatre on Monday next. "Do you believe man is made of dust Air. Snip?" " Not all of them," said the tailor "dust always settles, and I know men wh( do not." An American has patented an invention fo: taking five different photographs of a persot atone sitting. Two mirrors are placed at ai angle and thus the result is obtained, showing up every possible defect. A bar of iron worth 5a. worked intchorse shoes is worth 15s.; made into needles it i worth £14; made into pen-knife blades it . . uiauea is 1 worth £13./; made into balance-spangs o watches it is worth £10,000. Regie—"I heard papa say the other dw that labor-is sweet and noble." Mamma—" Si it is, Regie." Regie—" Then, mamma, wh; doe3 papa hire a man to cut the grass while hi Bits on the bench and only looks on ?" A horse recently put his head in at the hali opened door of a smithy in North Shields. I was discovered that the animal, having cast: shoe, had, guided, it is. supposed, by-poet ex perienee, gone to the forge in order to ge ehod. First Artist—" Well, old man, how's bus; ness ?' Second Artist-^" Oh, splendid ! Go a commission this morning from a millionaire Wants his children painted very badly. First Artist (pleasantly)—" Weil, my boy you're the very man for the job." Miss Dorothea Klumpke, who has bsffl attached for Borne time to the Paris Obaerva tory, has passed her examination before tb Faculty of Soieuce for the degree of Doctor o Mathematics. Miss Klumpke is the firs woman who has obtained this degree ii France. A lady told a party of friends that she ha quarrelled with her husband and had plante a tree in memory of this their firet falling oui "What a splendid idea!" whispered anothe lady in her husband's ear; "if we had adopte that plan we might have had by now a fea avenue of tress in our garden." At the beginning of the seventeenth oentur there were but four posts for the whole kini dom—to Scotland, to Ireland, to Plymouti t-.n 11/,.to- Tt, 1CVK Tit ■ to Dover. In 1635 Thomas Withering* pn — - - -- -- —— - TV n/uenngs pri duced his plan for connecting all the gret town with London by a regular service. Tt time distance from London to Edinburgh w; to be only six days instead of two months. The highest meteorological station in tt world is said to he that of Charchani, ne£ Areauipa, which is 16,650 ft. above sea-levi and. is situated just below the permanent sno line. The Harvard College Observatory i Arequipa is 8,050 ft. above the sea, and tt new meteorological station is 8,600 ft. ahovi the ascent being made by the aid of a mule i about eight hours. 