THE ROYAL TRINOPTICAN. Since the establishment of the Cyolorama in Adelaide the management his been charac terised by the utmobt energy and enterprise, and in addition to the exhibition of magnificent ensamples of pictorial art as 'Jerusalem' and the ' Battle of Waterloo' have constantly en deavored to keep the interest in their institu tion alive by the addition of each appropriate and attractive features as could be procured in she colony. The musical illustrations which have accompanied both pictures have in the case of Waterloo been supplemented by auch novel attractions as the appearance on the Beans of the great battlefield of Napoleon's ghost, and the illustration of an incident) in the career of the French Emperor known as 'The^Sentry.' The enchanted fountain with its ever changing and bril liantly illuminated waters has been a con Btant source of pleasure to the many patrons of the Cyclorama, and now keeping in view the fact that variety is charming the directors have introduced another great attraction in the shape of the Royal Trinopticao. For the benefit of the uninitiated it may be explained -that by means of the Trinoptican ?visitors to the Cyclorama are transported to the scenes in which Napoleon figured both prior to and succeeding the immortal struggle of Waterloo, in faot a grand tour of the world is made in both a novel and inexpensive fashion The management have upwards of 200 pictures at their disposal, and the scenic effects introduced into these are of the most novel, striking, and picturesque description. These pictures are not limited to scenes con nected with Waterloo, it baing the desire of the management to so vary the entertain ment as to make it prove of universal interest. Accordingly the collection includes beauti fully painted illustrations of the beauty spots of the world, together with other views which aannot fail to please the most fastidious taste. As an instance of the nature of the pictures shown, there may be taken a beautiful little study of 'The Watermill,' the work of an English artist, who has no equal in this de partment of painting. The spectator is intro duced to a lovely little English scene with a picturesque watermill standing by a windintr stream. The ponderous wheel slowly revolves, and over a rustic bridge in the foreground a laborer is seen walking to his morning work. The scene changes to night, the moon rises behind the trees, silvering the water with its misty light, and one by one the windowB of the mill gleam with a warm and welcoming light. Winter succeeds; the mill waters are frozen, and the laborer returning from woodcutting crosses the bridge again and wends his way to the cottage. As he approaches the door iB flung open, and the ruddy firelight illumes his homeward path, and as he enters the door is closed, darkness intervenes, and the snow falls thickly on the charming Bcene. The mechanism employed in the pro duction of this picture may be imagined when it is known that no less than 14 different effects are introduced in the one Boene. This is only one example of many equally beautiful views and shows in conjunction with the Cyclorama of Waterloo. There is little doubt that this exhibition will become one of the most popular entertainments in Adelaide. Despite the extra expenses incurred in the pro duotion of the Trinoptican, the prices of admission to the Cyclorama will remain un altered, and a prosperous season may eafely be predicted for the new exhibition. 