NEWS OF THE DAY. Confirmation Services at Tenter field.—A very large congregation as sembled at St. Mary's R.C. Church on Sun day evening to witness the Sacrament of Confirmation administered to a large num ber of candidates by His Lordship Bishop Torreggiani, of Armidale. Punctually at 3 o'clock p.m., about 70 candidates assembled in the Church, and after a short address delivered by Father Hegarty, His Lordship, assisted by Fathers Hegarty and Corcoran, administered the Sacrament of Confirma tion with the usual impressive ceremonies practiced by the B.C. Church on such oc casions. After the termination of the cere mony, His Lordship delivered an eloquent address on the Sacrament of Confirmation. He impressed upon those who had that day received the Sacrament the necessity of living pure and holy in the sight of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. They had received the spirit of the Holy Ghost into their soul, which gave them strength to re sist the temptation of the devil, and be strong and perfect christians. He earnestly implored them to lead good, pure and holy lives and to remain through life in the state of grace which was pleasing in the sight of God. The only way they could ever hope to accomplish that was by earnestly and continuously praying to God to give them grace to resist the temptation which beset them through life. Prayer was the only efficacious means by which they could keep their souls pure from the continuation of sin. If they prayed earnestly to that God of goodness to keep them from sin they could rest assured that their prayers would be answered and their reward would be the Kingdom of God's Glory. The Sisters of St. Joseph are to be congratulated on the care and trouble they went to in preparing the candidates for Con firmation. It is no small feat to prepare such a large number of candidates in such a short time.—Courier. Glen Innes Hews.—At the Police Court on Monday, before Dr. "Wrigley and Mr. J. Healey, Edward Sharman and Joseph Bourke were charged with trespassing on enclosed land in pursuit of game, to wit, hares, and were fined 10s. and 5s. respec tively, and costs 6s. 8d.—The loud ringing of the fire bell on Saturday evening at abont 8.30 caused a good deal of commotion, and when the engine was seen racing along Grey-street a few minutes later a number of people quickly followed to ascertain the cause of alarm. On arriving at Tattersall's Hotel, it was found that the chimney in the bar-parlor was on fire. Although there did not appear to be any apparent danger, Captain Judge in charge ordered the engine to be placed in position, and from a tank in the back yard a stream of water was brought to play up the chimney. Needless to say the flames were soon extinguished, hut not before the front part of the hotel was flooded throughout. Mr. M'Cormack says the pre sence of the brigade was not necessary, and he is very indignant that he should have been placed to so much inconvenience through what he conceives to he an act of crass stupidity.—Glen Innes Butter Fac tory : Despite untoward circumstances, it is gratifying to find that this establishment is making steady progress, under the man agement of Messrs. Hodges, Chaffey, .and Martin. The amount paid out for . milk during the last month amounted to over .£50, the largest sum paid to one supplier being £1,$^ This, together with the fact that iifeJi3j|j:lie company's intention , to in c ice given by them for milk to 3d. |3j<m during this month, should bb an inducement to suppliers to send in larger quantitii^|Sf the lacteal fluid.—During the last few-daybMr. J. F. Utz has been.-con fined to his rbom, suffering from a distress ing illne^^-HxAMiNER. The fiisbuLT of being a Shareholder in a Newspaper Company,—We (Friday's Courier) are desired to state that, in con sequence of a call amounting to £11,500 on fifty shares of the Brisbane Newspaper Company Mr. C. H. Buzaeott will to-day file a petition for the liquidation of bis es tate. , -Besides the Brisbane Newspaper Company, Mr. Buzaeott has only one cre ditor, who is well ^secured. Exclusive of the call referred toj; which is due to-day, the accrued liabilities in the estate abe under £10,000. The contingent liabilities, which are chiefly connected with the Bris bane Newspaper Company, amount to £20,000.r The assets include newspaper share, nominally valued at £20,000, and a private residence valued at £10,000. Yesterday Mr. Buzaeott resigned the posi tion of managing director of the Brisbane Newspaper Company. He also addressed letters to the heads of departments in the company's service, in which he made ge nerous acknowledgment of the fidelity and ability which characterised the labours of the staff during the more than thirteen years that they were nnder his direction. { It is needless to add that Mr. Buzaeott has j the sympathy of the staff in the unfortun- | ate necessity which persistently adverse i circumstances have laid upon him. Melbourne Property Building So- I ciety.—We desire to draw attention to the advertisement of the Melbourne Properly Building Society in our advertisement polumns of to-day. The society is for the 1 ' dpurpose of disposing of several very vain- j .hie properties in Melbourne, but in order \ ' to legalise the distribution of properties, the society has been registered in Brisbane, and is now incorporated according to act of Parliament of that colony. It is in good hands, and the properties are now over valued. We understand that the com mittee fully expect to close the share list early in June. Ctor Junior MEMBER.-It would seem (says the Star) that the electors in the Armidale district are tired of Mr. Lonsdale. On Sa turday evening he addressed a large meet ing at Hillgrove, but the reception he got was not flattering to his vanity, nor did it encourage any hopes he may have had of being the member for the district in the next Parliament. In fact he was told pratty plainly that he was a political failure, and that his views were obnoxious to the people. What is his political creed ? It is that the citizens of New South Wales should be hewers of wood and drawers of water for the manufacturers of England. They most, said Mr. Lonsdale, take British goods free in exchange for frozen mutton, wool, gold, &c.; Yet he contends that nearly all the money required for governing the country should be obtained by taxing the land from which the raw materials he has mentioned are produced. Wbat a pie-nic ! the producers would have. Neither Mr. Lonsdale nor anybody else has ever heard, of a country that has prospered independ ently of the manufacturing industry. Tho agricultural system has been practised in China for scores of centuries, and the Chi nese are the most industrious people in the world, yet no nation is poorer than China. Patriotic Australians are not desirous of seeing England go down, but neither do they wish that Australia should he ex ploited for the benefit of the manufac turers iu England. If Mr. Lonsdale's economic creed were practised the Austra lian working men would have a hard time ; they would become as poor as the agricul tural labourers in the old country. Belief Society.—At the usual monthly meeting of the Armidale Belief Society, held in the Town Hall, on Tuesday, May 1st, there were present: Mrs. Moses (in the chair), Mesdames Craigie, Burrell, Salmon, Donnelly, Hargrave, Bliss, Sen., Kearney, Crossman, Hume, Johnstone, Bliss, Jun., and Knapton. The treasurer reported a credit balance of £16 4s. Id., and cash in hand J£35s. 6d, Accounts to the amount of £7 8s. were passed for payment. Mr. G. Braund, hon. sec. for the late relief hall, brought up the balance-sheet in connection with same shewing the satisfactory nett re sult of J34S 5s. 6d- A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Braund for his gratuitous serrices. Through representations made to the Colonial Secretary's Department by Mr. Lonsdale, M.L.A.. and upon his appli cation a special grant of .£50 was obtained from the Government in aid of the society. A cordial vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Lonsdale for his kindness and successful efforts in the above. The visiting com mittee reported alloting relief in 11 local cases and 13 casuals, and made recommend ation in regard to others, also distributing parcels of clothing, blankets,, and boots. Mesdames Donnelly, Kearney, Knapton. and Bliss, Jun., were appointed visiting committee for the ensuing month. Inverell News.—Mr. John Bakon, who left here for Coolgardie some time ago, has written to his wife under date of April 8» to the effect that he has arrived in Western Australia, and was, at the time of writing, 20 miles from the field. His letter con firms the statement that appeared in our last issue, to the effect that the prospects are far from good. He reports that every thing is very dear, water is scarce, no rain having fallen, and that many people are actually starving. He, however, intends to try prospecting, and winds up his note by asking a warning to be given to anyone who intends leaving this district for Cool gardie. The miners are deserting the fields in hundreds. An ounce of experience is worth a ton of theory, and now that this letter has arrived from a townsman, it will he as well for intending travellers to take bis advice, and stay at home.—We regret to record the death of Mr. C. Pischke, which sad event took place at Ashford the other day. Deceased, who was a very old resident of the district, was almost an octogenarian.—Mr. J. J. £. Gibson writes: The rainfall at Boseneath during April was 305 points in 19 days. Total rainfall i to date since 1st January, 19 inches 32 j points.—Measles are still prevalent in In ! verell.—The local Salvationists were at i tired as Indians on Saturday night, and I the novelty of the attire had the effect of | attracting large crowds to both the open ' air and in-door services.—Times. | Alleged Assault and Bobbeey.—At | the Police Court, on Tuesday, before the j P.M., Sylvester Dunn, on remand, was ; charged on suspicion with assaulting and * robbing Bobert Butters* of a metal watch. and silver chain, at Armidale, on Thurs | day, April 26. Mr. Kearney appeared for the accused. Bobert Butters deposed that on the evening in question, between 7 and ■ 8 o'clock, he was walking down Beardy street, between the Daniel O'Connell and ' Exchange Hotels, when he was seized hold : of by one man, and another man said; i " Give me your watch and chain." . Wit ! ness said, " Take it," and the man did so. Was positive the . accused was one of the men. There was a bright light near the place at the time. "Witness had had two drinks, and was perfectly sober. Had two drinks at Brown's hotel that evening, and went into Coughiin's, but did not have a drink in the latter place. Did not see the face of the man who took the watch from his pocket. A. Cnnningham stated that complainant lodged at his house, and on j the evening of the 26th he came home j about 8 o'clock, and complained that he had been robbed of Ms watch and chain. His trousers were torn, and his nose and forehead scratched. Complainant was very excited, but not drunk. Thomas Milne de posed to seeing accused between the Daniel O'Connell and Exchange Hotels between 7 and 8 o'clock on the night in question, and • stood talking to him for a short time. Mr. Kearney pointed out the improbabili ties of the case, and asked his WorsMp if he was satisfied that the evidence of iden- . tification was sufficient to warrant the case being proceeded with. The P.M. said he would hear the evidence for the" defence. John M'Pherson, a bookmaker, who stated that he was camping on the racecourse, deposed that he was in the company of the accused on the evening of April 26th from 6 o'clock. About 7 o'clock they were toge ther in Beardy-street, and went down the street below the Daniel O'Connell Hotel, where they met two girls, andthenthey ' returned to the East end of the town. In cross-examination witness said that he was with Dunn at Vegetable Creek several weeks ago, and also went to Inverell and Glen Innes. Declined to say if he had been in Glen Innes gaol, and refused to give the names of the girls .he wasout with on the evening of April 26th. The accused was committed for trial at the Armidale Quarter Sessions in July next, hail being allowed—himself in JE80 and one surety of .£80. Chinese Opeba.—The Chinese Opera Company, which, by the way, ought to have appeared in Armidale last week according to announcement, opened in the new Town Hall on Monday evening last, when the opera of "Koo Mu Git By" was staged. The company had been performing with varying success at Tingha and Inverell, and its advent in Armidale was looked forward to with mingled feelings in which curiosity was decidedly paramount. As the combi nation was expected in Armidale last week there was a large influx of China men from all parte of New England, who evinced the greatest interest in the un common visitation. The audience on Mon day night was a fairly representative one, the front seats being mainly composed of the followers of Confucius—with a fair sprinkling of Europeans—while the back seats and standing space were occupied by the usual element to be found at our entertainments. It was n&tieeahle; after the first few scenes that the ** gods" considered themselves " had," and as they failed to understand the plot, or to ap preciate the music, they devoted them selves to amusing each other, and ap plauded everything and everyone with a free hand " Too muehee the lallakiu heah" remarked the business manager, "makee no shillin seat to-mollo ni, that keepee lallikin ou." There is not much in a Chinese opera to commend it to Europeans as music, dialogue and dumb show are all decidedly Chinese, while a more than or dinary stretch of imagination is required to fill in the details. In " Hoo Mu -Git By" there are 55 acts added to prologue of seveu scenes. There is no scene shifting or inter missions, and as the plot drags wearily filmtfr those of the audience so minded can go out to " see a man" without losing the thread of the story. There was only one scene in " Koo Mu Git By," and the stage property consisted of four chairs and a table. This scene did duty for a Joss-house, dining room, garden, roadside, battlefield, | or any other place. The property-man popped in and out among the performers in a happy-go-lucky manner and shifted the furniture as occasion required. If a rock ; was required by a roadside, props, would 1 turn a chair on its side, place aflat piece of board on it, and it sufficed. There was no j dropping of scenery, and firing the thing up j with brown paper and boxes as in English j opera. If an actor got a knock-out blow, props, was always on the scene with a j pillow to rest the head of the knocked-out one on, and if a duel took place, or a melee of any kind, the combatants always spared the feelings of the audience by considerately going off the stage to die—a Chinaman in his death-struggles might prove too much for the average European. The orchestra was on the stage the whole time and heralded the approach of an actor of high or low degree with cymbals, tom- toms, gongs, and stringed instruments—the higher the personage the greater the noise. For the soloists, the music was toned down to a noise representing the rushing wind, each symphony, however, being accompanied by the instruments aforesaid. There was no cessation of music during the whole play. Each act was notified by the number being chalked on a board placed on a chair out side the proscenium. The Chinese portion of the audience were very undemonstrative. There was no applause for soloists, warriors, hero or heroine—no bouquets or recalls. On Monday night the prologue and 22 acts were performed, and on Tuesday the balance of the opera was got through. Armidale Football Cltjb.—A general meeting of the Armidale F.C. was held at the St. Hilda Hotel on Tuesday night, ; about 40 members being present. Mr. H. I E. Synge was voted to the chair. A great amount of business was got through, the ! chief items being the organising of the j unior team, election of captain, etc. Mr. G. Bliss, last season's captain, having resigned, Mr. J. Bradley was appointed to the posi- ; tion. Mr. H. Lonsdale was elected trea surer in place of Mr. T. N. Johnstone, who bag left the district. It was found neces sary to order about 30 jerseys, in addition to those already in hand. The seniors will play in the old colours of the club, viz., cerise and bine, vertical stripes, while the juniors will- play in cerise and blue hoops. A committee to manage the juniors was ap pointed consisting of J. M'Namara, E. Ash ton, and J. Bichards. A. Londsdale and J. Sullivan were appointed secretary and treasurer of the juniors respectively. By laws were read and passed. A match has been arranged for Saturday next between the Armidale and Albion juniors. The senior team will probably take the field on Saturday, the 12th inst., as a match is be ing arranged with the West- End F.C. for that date. Cricket.—The Albion B team and Ad vance C.C. continued their match on the racecourse on Wednesday afternoon, which resulted in the game being abandoned for the more exciting pastime of football. With 19 runs "to the good, the Advance com menced their second innings, and when the telegraph board showed 108 runs for three wickets, the progress of a football match on the adjoining ground proved too much for the feelings of the knights of the willow, and the match was abandoned in favonr of the Advance team. The batsmen gave a good exhibition of all-round hitting, Came ron compiling 46 (not out), and Bartlett and Lambert 28 each. Lawn Tennis.—The tennis season, if the game has an actual season, will be opened in Armidale to-morrow, by a match be tween teams representing the Armidale as sociation and Terrible Vale, when the fol lowing will wield the racquets for Armi dale: Messrs. A. Crossman, E. S. Shekleton, H.B. Synge, and A. H.T. Wing; T. Gordon, emergency. For some time the Armidale courts have been under repair, consequently the players have been unable to keep up their practice, but in view of the matches with the Tainworth association on Queen's Birthday, the local knights should lose no opportunity in making themselves profi cient if they wish to uphold the reputa tion of the association. Alleged Hobse Stealing.—At the Po lice Court, yesterday, before the P.M., | Charles Andrew Wark, a middle-aged man, ; -was charged with stealing a horse, the pro perly of John Philip Coleman, at Gunne dah, in December last. Constable Young, of Guyra, deposed that he arrested the ac cused "at Bald Blair station on Wednesday, the 2nd inst., and produced the warrant for his arrest signed by the P.M. at Gun nedah. Accused told witness that he got the horse from a man named Gallagher, now in gaol, and sold it to a man named O'Bara for £210s., he,bad not seen Galla gher since he sold the horse to have a set tlement with him. On the application of the police the accused was remanded to Gunnedah so be dealt with. The Chinese doctor, Ah Tack, at present under committal on a charge of killing Alphonse Galois, was re-arrested at Bourke on Saturday charged with the causing the death of Mary Anlezark. Detective Bochaix arrested a Frenchman and his wife on Saturday afternoon and charged them with being illegally at large in the colony. They are alleged to be es capes from New Caledonia, 