VICTORIAN ITEMS. I Miss Sutherland's case came before tho Presbyterian Assembly on Friday. The lady who is favourably known for her rescue work among the neglected and the criminal children of the city caused much scandal and annoyance in Presbyterian circles by a speech at Buninyong, in the ooursn of which she made statements gravely reflecting on leading members of the church, namely that in Melbourne some of them were in the babit of drawing rants from bouses lot for immoral purposes. The Assembly, after a protrac ed private sitting, decided to tako severe iruasures. South Australia's Premier is evident'y ilef--,¡ned not to let the miserable little ' .udary queatiou rest. Uodeteirod by Mr. Tumm's refusal to re-open the subject he has returned to the charge and presses for arbitration. 'Jim Premier accordingly sent a- further telegram to Mr. Kingston to the effect that the Government cannot recoguiss that South Australia has any legal or moral claim to the teiritnry in question, The matter had been already submitted to the Parliament of Victoria, which had refused to allow any steps to bo taken. If the South Australian Government was still determined to test the question the Victorian Government felt that they must allow South Australia to proceed to such lee>al action as that Government might deem necessary. He tiuoted, how- ever, that nothing furthor would be done, but thit the hounaary would be allowed to remain as fixed nearly 50 years ago. At the annual cession of the Baptist Union last week the Rev. W. Coller (New South Wales delegate) read a paper on "The Training of Local Preicheis Essen- tial to Church Exten'ion," He conteud d that, considering how few count-y congre- gations were able to maintain a pastor, a system of unpaid preaching was indispensable, and to make it successful a line of action in advance of tho existing one must be adopted. There was no want of material, hut there must be more training, and he advocated a p'an according to which cxpciicnce in the Sunday-school ano tnc church would be the fi'st crepitation, the second to be study carried ou by the best avaiL ble means. Principal Whitley (Kapti«t Caliese) followed in the same strain, pointing out that ungrammatical speaking was often a sad hindrance to usefulness. Ue referred to the training ot lay readerB in the Church of Eng'aud, and the -ictiou of the Biptist Chiirchei in England and Aim rica aa au exnmpln to be followed. Mr. C Carter contended that locul preaohers I need not be educated so long as thoy were I filled with the Moly Ghost, und otlur kindred arguments were offered. Replying tn the vote of thanks unanimously accorded bim, the Rev. W. Coller warned his hcareis not to make the case one of education waua the Holy Ghost, for it was certain thut the Lord did not' desiro ignorance in his preachers. At the instance of Mr. Themas Russell, of Korumburra, a warrant has been issutd against Juhn Reid or Ready, alias John Rosnoe, on a charge of abducting Minnie Russell, H girl aged 17 years. Tile acjused w.,8 a miner working in the coal mines at Korumburra. He became enamoured of the girl Minnie Russell, bul his suit, if openly announced, was not favoured, partly because of the girl'sex treme youth, but also on account of other objections which Mr. Russell had to the match. The miner was not to be denied, however, and on the 11th inst. it is alleged ho Sed from Korumburra, taking the girl with him. As soon as Mr. Russell learned of the flicht he took counsel of the police, and subsequently swore an informa- tion, upon which the warrant was issued. Interest is lent to the search by the police for the man Reid owing to the information given by Mr. Russell that his daughter will be entitled to considerable property upon st'aining the age of 21 or in the event of ber | ni.r'iugo. The earthquake shock experienced at Flinders, Cape Schanck, Little River, and other places about midnight on the 13th was coincident with the commencement of a magnetic storm, which continued through- out the 14th. Concurrently with these phenomena there has been a remarkable atmospheric disturbance, which has so far passed off without anything beyond a strong and disagreeable north wind. A sudden and deep depression came up unannounced from the Southern Ocean during the night of the 13th, causing the barometer to fall half an inch in 12 hours. A meeting of the Council of the Vic'orian R'fle Association wai held on Thursday night frr the purpose of making final ar- rangements for the torthcon ing matches. Some difficulty arose over the Sydney teams who wished to compete, as they were not " tworn members of the Defence Foi ce," but it was ultimately decided that the obstacle should be removed by providing that they should be admitted to compete ou producing a certificate from tho military Commandant that they were official members of the De- fence Force. Colonel Penno was selected as I captain, and Major Holly as vioj-captain, of the team to go to Tasmania, and a sum of £150 was voted towards tho expentes of representatives in Hobart. Mrs. Besant lectured in Melbourne on "Spiritualism" last week, when she cautioned those inclinod in the direction of spiritualistic research against an absolute belief in any manifestations unless tested by the powers of judgment and reason. Many | of the no called phenomena were explained as arising from what were described j us every day causes-as. for instance, the "spirit" lights, which could be seen in any highly charged electrical atmosphere Indeed, the weakness of many tp ritual- ists waa that the moment a. ything abnormal occur i ed it was connected with the spirit world ; action which signified ignorance, and nut the knowledge it w. s in- tended to display. Materialisation« could | not at all times be induced, and thus the , mediums were frequently placed in the awkuar.l predicament of either having to submit to the abuse of those who paid fees for the right to attend «cauces, if no mani- festations occurred, or else to resort to froud. Hence, every attention should be extended towards, and every allowance made for. n.cdiums, who were of delicate organi- sation and inclined to hysteria. 1,IK ll-s by Ihe lonlnek and »vo'a lils in'iilla hy mini: Mrs. K A. Ailsa'« Woila'« tub- Kestamr, «hieb mm fall« u rasiere '(ray bair te It« yeal fal cottar «a* ba«*tr. Try tv 