SHREDS AND PATCHES. (By Argus.) There was some of what is familiarly known as . straight talking at the Invalid deputation on Tuesday, and the Premier had recourse to his eye glass in order to take the measure of the individual who. dared criticise the emanations of the Braddonian brain.. xne cuiprir, nowever, was in- no way abashed, for although he may believe ' 1 hat there is a divinity doth hedge a king,' he failed to see how it applied to a Premier. Sir Edward takes all the responsibility of the removal of .the 'Depot on bis own Bhoulders, in fact it would appear as if he looked upon it as the crowning edifice of his political life. No doubt it was the subject of many a thoughtful hour, as on the deck of .the Orient liner, he wended bis wav back to Tasmania's fertile shores. It perhaps caused him anxious days and nights, and he brooded oo the scheme until, like the child of his old age, he fairly became enraptured with the idea. To provide the bush trackers in their declining jears with a palatial residence, smoking room, a church warden, cold -bathsj and sanitary towels, and all the adjuncts of a comfortable home— -though some were rude enough to term' it a prison — ? and to do this all and at the same time make a saving— even if it were a paper one— was a thought worthy- of an Imperial officer. Then to be told, when it was all arranged, that it was a foolish conception, ' based- upon erroneous ideas of ''what the inmates termed comfort, was somewhat of a crusher. The 'people's William,' who de livered these home thrusts, was by no means abashed in the .presence of knighthood, and the incident woul i doubtless recall to' the recollection of the member ' ??? for West Devon the way in which some previous suggestions of his in the same line were received when he wasMinister of Lands some seven years ago. He con-, ceived the brilliant idea of putting the members of the; Parliamentary report ing staff up under the leads in a kind of garret he had provided for their accommodation. Ad eputation of. scribes waited upon the autocrat of the Lands Department, and finding he was inclined to hold to the arrangement told him it was in the first place opposed to the Lodging House Act, that the place was only fit for China men, and that finally the' pressmen would be well 'reservoired'^ before they would occupy it. Ana they didn't either, despite the stony stare of astonishment, of the Minister at being bearded thus in his den. Quarter day has once more come round, bringing with it the inevitable gas bill, and the usual ominous mutter ings which are heard at these periods are more decided, than ever. Notice has been given of a rise in -the price of gas during the coming quarter, but some are bold enough, to say; that the company has taken. time by the fore lock, and. by altering the regulators of the gas meters1 has secured the profit in advance. At all events the bills are in inverse ratio to the general fall in prices, and it appears to make little difference whether a man cuts off one jet or half a dozen, foe so lone as the apparatus is given a ghost of a show to travel at all it goes, at top speed. Gas.we know has a tendency to rise. It is superior to the prevailing depression, aud no financier disaster has yet been found heavy enough to keep it within bounds; in fact, if; Beems to revel in adversity, and to become more erratic as circumstances assume a more sombre hue. The ' vagaries of a gas 'joiox, ai«-o imeuBujJuy, are ue^ona the comprehension of ordinary mortals; indeed, ic is said that there is some occult connection between it and the unknowable. If the electric light charges are anything like as oppressive there is further trouble in store for the aldermen. ,:. The income tax schedule is another of those instruments that seem to be specially designed to worry poor suf fering humanity to a premature grave. The questions which are asked about it are legioni but whatever sins may be laid to its charge it at least has the merit of settling an oft-disputed point. It has been a fruitful source of discussion as to whether a man and his wife are distinct entities, or are as the Scriptures hath it ' one flesh.' Practical experience is against the Scriptural definition, as, for ! instance, when a man comes home in -the '.wise small hours .with, a good skinful oJP~ James Bennessy and^finds the wife'of his bosom waiting for him' with the broom handle. It is idle to contend for the Scriptural definition under ? thoBe conditions, for it is against rea-' son to imagine thafc a woman will wait up several hours for the purpose ?- of inflicting, corporal punishment on herself. The frainers of the income - tax schedule are, however, true1' believers in the truth of Holy Writ* and; affirm the f one flesh ?'?. principle un flinchingly. This is but natural, as ifc increases the revenue to make a man and his wife add their separate incomes together and allow only one exemption, or if the two incomes amount to -over ? £4-00 none at all. There were many before the income tax who wished they were single again. There are more now to whom the old song has .a new meaning, as for instance those who ' exclaim— - : .?-,?? I wish I was single again, again, Our incomes now mingle, what pain ! what pain ! Tor if I was single my pockets I'd jingle But now we are both taxed, that's plain. Hitherto, that precocious boy in the office of a well-known lawyer legislator has been accorded the ^honours for knowing his way about. But there is' another in the town who,' though hi* career runs in a different groove, is almost, if nob quite, as sharp. His walk of life is a ' milk walk,' arid , naturally he tries to increase business; when ka can. Only the other day he called at a house by mistake, but even though he had brought the house wife ]to the door in error it was an opportunity not to be lost for'doing business, and he did not omit - to solicit her patronage. 'You. know, we always give a pint and a half for a pint' was only one of the inducements be held out, but it was a powerful one, and perhaps it was only v because tho lady feared that the cows might be in the habit of giving a bucket and a half to a bucket that she declined to give him a trial. There is not much of the milk and water' about that boy : he's pure, every bit as pure as GKlmore's. : The rural Municipal Councils ar» fairly on the warpath, and are thirst ing for the scalp of thafc unlucky scribe who in the Australian Pastoral . Heview ' stated that the councillors made a good thing out of breeding rabbits by selling their hides. It was a sweeping charge to make against a body of local mag nates, and was doubtless but the . emanation of the reportorial brain, but it seems to have -touched some of them very much on the raw. The Longford and Westbury Councillors denied the impeachment, ar-d passed resolutions to the effect that the editor - be requested to furnish the name of the offender. As they have evidently not succeeded in extracting the re quired information, th8 Deloraino Council has invoked the aid of the Premier. Perhaps they think that an official demand, headed by the Tasmanian coat of arms, and signed Edward. Nicholas Coventry Braddon, K.O.M.G, P.P.H., etc., Premier, will strike terror into the hearb of the obdurate editor j bub if he is made of the ordinary, stuff, Sir Edward's de mand, should be be simple enough to make the request, will doubtless be dished up with a line in the answers to correspondents column. Does ib not strike the councillors -that they are attaching far, too much importance t6 the matter, and that a simple denial sent to the paper in question is all that is necessary, that is if the matter is iWorth troubling, about. An odifcor is like a father confessor, and, as a . rule, does not betray secrets entrus ted to him, not even to avoid a libel ? action. Better let the matter drop. Much time is frequently -wasted in our law courts by the introduction of - irrelevant material during the exam ination of witnesses. Mr Justice Dodds, who ' never could understand why people go to law,' takes a con siderable amount of trouble to prevent counsel wandering away from the point — not an easy task always— and his directions as to the . facts material to the issue might be followed by soli citors with advantage. Certainly juries would obtain a better insight into the points they have to consider,' and,more- over, litigants' money, would be saved. Cases are often burdened with evidence that has hardly any con nection with them, and the result is the loss of the valuable time of the juries and the money of the parties engaged. His Honor drew attention to this tendency on Wednesday during the hearing of a case which be said might easily have been settled j and several times refused to admit evideii ce that in his; opinion was quite irrele vant. Local barristers might well reflect upon Jtlis Honot's remarks, for they have decidedly much to answer for. 