ROMANCE AND ADVENTURE. (COPYRIGH.) COLLEGE JACK. A REMARKABLE, YET TRUE STORY OF THE Penal Records of Van Dloman's Land. By Cd4PTI. L. ol IE CHAPTER XII. " How you must have suffered, Tar leton !". said Dr. Ransome, in a sym pathetic tone. "Suffered I Yes. Yet my agony on the ocean, perishing- with thirst with water all around- dying in a solitude which was awful, I tell you-amidst all that, my sufferings were not as great as during my bondage on the island. If I had my choice to- day I would take the former. I don't wonder now why convicts commit suicide or some mottal crime in order to get hanged. If I have to give myself up to the authori ties and escape the scaffold, I will surely do one or the other-kill myself or someone else," said the convict in a lugubrious tone, calculated to inspire sympathy. The fact was John Tarleton saw a chance of permanently regaining his liberty. His friend, Dr. Ransome, strange to say, had a high opinion of him, and, notwithstanding the damning evidence which was adduced at his friend's murder trial, Ransotne would not believe in his guilt. To the last he fought for him, and he was one of the influential friends who assisted to save him from the gallows. By trading on this genuine friendship and a liberal percentage of lies, the more than double-dyed murderer hoped to be able to leave not only Van Die man's Land but the British Empire it self, and live in safety in some far off land. He was throwing his last card, and if he lost it his life was to be the forfeit. "You want me to help you, of course," began the. doctor, musingly, "and you well know I will if it is possible. There is no doubt it will be a matter of the utmost difficulty. If it were not for the confounded gaping passengers I could easily see my way. They will talk about your rescue when Hobart Town is reached as if it were the only incident which occurred on the voyage, and everyone will be striv ing to see you. Out of courtesy the -fif? p?ublic could-and yet it ts e former whom you most fear. With a discreet crew there would not be so much trouble, especially if the captain worked with us, as he will, I am sure, in this case." "-Do you think he will ?" interrupted the outlaw, eagerly., " I am sure of it. Wetlheiall and I are old friends-and, besides, there is a chapter in the history of his family re garding transportation which will cause ~-hiism to look-with.a friendly eye on. you when I explain the position.' But even with his aid how can the job be done. Can you not think of any way out of the trouble ?" concluded Doctor Ran some. " I may in an hour or two. So far my brain has been in a whirl, and I could not put two thoughts together. Would it not be as well to speak to tihe captain first and tell him the truth'? Of course I did not tell hint what were really the facts when he spoke. I didn't know then you were on the ves sel. Will you tell him all, and perhaps lihe will have a plan, if he is willing.to aid me in this awful plight ?'! the fugi. tive answered. After a few minutes' reflection the doctor agreed it would be best to take the skipper into his confidence, and lie undertook to tell him the whole story and-give the convict's history as well. For that purpose he sought out Wether all and soon plunged into the subject. The captain was surprised, though not astonished, for he had a lurking sus picion of the' truth. There was a chapter, too, in his own family history, as the doctor had said, which 'made him tolerant'of escaped convicts. A favorite brother had gone wrong-at least lie was transported, and men were sometimes sent to penal servitude who had done no wrong-and in an attempt to escape he had been killed. It was whispered at the time that Captain Wetherall was not altogether uncon. cerned in the affair. When the medical oflicer had concluded his narrative the skipper said: "You can rely on me, Ransome. If it is possible to aid your friend I will do s?o; lbut how it can be done does not seem clear just at present. '11 be down in the cabin in an hIour." At the- appointed time the three men mlet as agreed on, and tihey at once be gan discussing the pros and cons of the knotty question. For a time none of thlem could decide on anything wlich would avail the fugitive. "Thecre is no place at which I could drop you for a couple of weeks atnd pick you up on thle return. lTasman's I'eninsusla is the only point I go near, and that would be the last place on earth to put you-even if I were able to do so. I can depentd on a lportion of thle crew at least, but the passengers and two or three of thie hlands I would not trust. I have been pIestered withl enquiries all day from the passengers about you. They are all anxious tosce you, but I said you were ntot well enough to comie on deck." "When they speak to you again, captain," interruetted the doctor, "say our patient is delirious. I will tell them the same, and they will not be so importunate to see him. That will be your best pIlanl." "Yes. I will say thlat-and by-thle bye I hIave an idea lwhiclh may work. Thie thought of deliriutm has put it into mIy head. Outr friend will have to be lest again," spoke 'Wetherall, " Lost I" interjected Ransome, ex citedly. "Yes, don't you see ! In his delirium he must jump overboard during the night. There will bea deuce of a conl motion, and I'll make a pretext of sav ing him if the sea is not too rough. lHe must then remain a close prisoner in the cabin, and we will take him back with us to Melbourne, or if not there to Sydney where we can easily smuggle him on shore. In fact it must be done to-night as we will be at Hobart Town within twenty-four hours if all goes well," explained the captain. "How will it be worked, Wetherall ? Must there not be someone to give the alarm, and how can it be done? I don't quite see my way in the matter," queried the doctor. "Easily enough. We will both be on deck, and at the proper moment I will throw a plank or some other suitable object dyer and take care that one of the men hears the splash. I will run aft and ask if there was not a splash, and of course he will say yes. Then you-ah, by-the-bye, you must be down in the cabin at the time, and just after the alarm, or when the man and myself are looking over the side, you rush up and say your patient is not in the cabin. 'Man overboard 1' of course will be the cry. I will lower a boat it the sea is smooth enough, and the whole thing will be done. I suppose you have told all enquirers, as I have, that the poor fellow we rescued came from the Port Phillip district," remarked Captain Wetherall, "Yes. I must have given that in formation to a dozen or more, and everyone on board knows it by this time. It will throw off suspicion to a considerable extent no doubt, and tile delirium story should complete it. You have hit upon a most feasible plan, captain, and I suplpose we will have no dilliculty in keeping Tarleton here with out the fact being discovered ?" qiueried the doctor. I "Why should we ? Only yourself and I will have access to the cabin, and \- every time we leave it we must lock the f door and take tihe key with us. The matter of food can easily be arranged between us. I anm nlaster here and can do as I please. Besides, the con f finement will not be irksome to a man who wants a long rest like our Iriend. It will do hini good. At Ilobart T''own we may be able to give him all occa sional outing during an evening, so that in four or five days from now he can count on having a walk by moonlight. Conice on deck and I will arrange the signal with you, and let us spread the :delirium ' business,' " added the captain " in a gleeful way, for'he felt quite inter ested in the work he was about to was a' most meritorsous act wiclh, if not rewarded in this world, would be in the next. lie had heard and seen so much in connection with the horrors of convictisni that nothing would deter him Irom stretching out a helping hand to a bondsman if it came in his way to do it,- Being a law- abiding ntlan himself lie would not isnake any direct attack on thd "system," but, as in the present case, without seeking for the job, he was able to do a service for a bondsmsan, I then he was just the person to depend upon. When tile two men had left the cabins John' Tarleton" paced the floor, and there was a look of malignant triumph on his face. "What a blessing it was I didn't bring that mad girl along I It wouldn't have been possible to conceal both of us, and it would be more than strange if we both jumtped over the side of the vessel. Ha Isha I the old skipper is a cute fellow and no mistake, thoughl I should thank him for tile interest lie is displaying in me. And Tom Ransonte, too, turned up trumps just as I expected. He was always a bit of a fool; but he serves my purpose. I will try asnd in duce the captain to land me at Mel bourne. I don't like the idea of Sydney. I know too much about convicts itld their careers there. He'll be able to get enough cargo for Port Phillip-and besides it will shorten my imprisonment by a week or two. That is aconsidera lion. I wonder what they will say if they make enquiries and-find out what Jack Tarleton has really done ?. Well," and the fellow sat down and mused, "'they will not be able to do anything. Once I am dead it will not do to resur 'rect mne. I have them anyway they I turn, and after to-night they must stick t tb me through thick and thin. I'll not 1 be ungrateful at all events. Whiat luck I I had, to be sure, to fall in with -this c vessel I Never dreamt Tom Ransome c was at this side of the earth at all.' He a must have conime out immediately after t I did. There was a little difference a though in our mode of coming. It's s all in a lifetime, I suppose." t In this way the convict muttered to himself throughout the day, his self communings being only broken by tlhe I entrance of the captain or the doctor. 'lThe latter cattle frequently, for it was understood his patient was in a fever and delirious, so Ihe required close at tention. When niglht fell the ship was just rounding Tasmsan's 'Peninsula and s under a favorable bIreeze. The captain stood close in to the smsall island at the southl of Caple P'illar. Had it beent daylighlt hIe would have ventured be twreen tile twoi, but with a sailing vessel and in tile gloom of nighlt the passagc was too risky)', especially as tlhere was no 5 great reason for lhurrying. flhe guanti outlines of Cale PI'illar could be seen to the north-west ais tile It sun went down,, and tile rugged island I lay just abeams. IBy cleven o'clock the t skillpper thought tlhey vwould blie well a under tile shlcltcr of the headllndl, and abeout that timne lie hwouhkl make the nt- I tclsemt to figuratively kill his guest. As thle night advanced a slighlt ist settled a over the sea, and this soon dlrove tile laSsengcrs below. IThe wrcather was becosling thick and sooln as intense s darkness settled iesn tile oe:can. "It is all the better," hie toll the doctor, in confidence, "ns it will pire vent all the trouble and dlanger of ' lastnching a boat to sttemlltl rescue, IC would not order one to be lowered on \- a night like this, and if I did the men would refuse to man it, and rightly, 1 too." If the night had been clear and bright it would have been his duty to lower a boat in the event of a man fall ing or jumping overboard, but in bad weather he would not do so. Besidts, in the case of the stranger whom he had just rescued, he would not be justi fied in jeopardising the lives of his crcw in the endeavor to save a madman. So he argued, and it made his positron s more easy. Dr. Ransome was in the cabin tall ing to his patient shortly after cleven o'clock, when he heard two distinct knocks over head and he knew their import. Going out he locked the cabin door, and, running up the ladder, was at i Captain Wethelall's side in less than a I minute. "My unfortunate patient is not in the f cabin, captain. I left him for a few t minutes just now and when I returned ,he was gone. W\ill you cause a search to be made, as in his state of mind he I may harm himself I" he cried. "Missing I" exclaimed the captain. " Then we are not mistaken, Bill. 'l'hat r splash we heard meant a man over board. Give the alarm I Ho I all hands here I" and Wetherall gave a s stentorian shout which brought the t second officer and half-a-dozen seamen, iin addition to a couple of hardy pas sengers, who were braving the weather, to his side. "'There is a man overboard, t lads, but I don't like to order you to ilan a boat, Will any volunecr for the duty?" S"1YWho is it ?" came the query. "'l'The poor fellow we picked up yes ; terday. In his delirium lie escaped from the cabin and jumped overboard. I Bill and I heard a splash, but we could not make out what it meant until the doctor came up and told us the man was missing," glibly answered the cap I ilila. " Well, sir, I'd volunteer in a moment I if I thought it was any use, but on a I night like this there wouldn't be the 2 ghost of a chance of saving the man a and very likely we might get lost, too," I returned one of the sailors. His I opinion was echoed by the others, and the second pmate also urged the futi 1 lity of attempting a rescue. " We are imaking good way, sir, and he must be a b long way astCrn by this time," lie re \- marked. t " Well, understand I didn't think of a ordering you to lower a boat, for on such a nightas this I wouldn't do so. If 2 any pleased to volunteer and try a : rescue I would not have stood inl the I way, though it is most improbable you would have succeeded. l'erhnaps it is a as well the poor fellcw is gone as the f right senses again," returned the skipper i in a solemn tone. I He would have been mad to the f latest day of his life, and,' unless lie r was watched nilght and day unremit I tingly, his life would have been a short one as he had most pronounced suicidal tenenncies. I didn't leave him for five i minutes this evening but once, and that t was when he escaped. A life of that : sort would not be a pleasant existence, and could only be spenlt in a lunatic 1 asylum. As the captain says, it may be a imerciful release after all," added the i doctor. I It was wonderful how two otherwise estimable and respectable gentlemen like Rainsome and VWetherall could manufacture lies in their desire to aid a ruffian like T';rleton. True they did not know the full extent of his iniquities, and that must be their excuse for the sins of commission of which they were guilty. After all they sinned with a good intention, and I-lades was richer by several slabs in its paving. When morning dawned the barque, "Juno," was heading towards the north west and entering Storm Bay on the run to the Derwent. Small groups of Spassengers and sailors discussed the tragedy of the previous nightl and there I were not a few who avowed they saw suicide stamped on the lost man's face when lie was drawni up out of the crazy boat in which he was found. "Theo seal of death was upon him," remarked one superstitious woman, devoutly crossing herself, "and when you see that it is only a matter of a few days when the spirit goes." Shite did not take' the trouble to ex plain what the '! seal of death" wvas, or how it could be recognised, but that was only a trifling' omission not worth bothering about. Nearly -everyone on board were immensely wise' after the event, and it appeared they had all fore doomed the rescued man to an early and violent death. The captain and the doctor went amongst the passengers and gossiped with them regarding the sad event, and'soon John Tarleton in the eyes and minds of those on the ship was as dead as Julius Coasar. Quite a squabblec, indeed, took pIlace between a couple of passengers as to whcether or not hlie was devoured by a shark within a certain time of the jlllump ing overboard, and the captain was called on to decide the miatter, which he dlid to the satisfaction iof the lman who contended hlie must have been caten by a shark. IThe skipplcr wsas o the same opinion, for hlie explained that tile suicide, being almnost niaked when Ihe went over tile side, would quickly at tract a mian-eater. " A white body al ways does, anid there are plenty of big sharks aronnd Tasman's 'Peninsula, he concluded. Tihus satisfactorily was Jolhn 'Tarleton dtisplosed of. lile was not only dead but caten, and until the great day whene tile last trulmpl shall soundt he would Ie as nothing. AMcanwhile the subj ct of all this ghastly gossip enjoyed himiself in the caltailn's caini. Ile really felt liie was worth liuing, for being dead in tIhe alrstract lent an added charmn to being alive iI tihe concrete. All his debts for Instance, botlh monetary and otherwiise, slllllt Ie wipled out lnow that lhe had dis uppelaredl in tihe waters of the Southeirn Ocean, anid to a lian withl such a loadt of sin and crime on his shloulders it was pleasing to think he could not ie called on thi say the debt. C J n (To ng CeN1'mNurU.) 