IMPOSING! ON THE CREDULOUS. There is (says the "Wellington correspondent -Uof the ' Otago Dnily Times' of Mny 22nd) woe iaraong the "local spiritualists', and the wide "' hand .of the policeman has 'fluttered the spooks. I cannot better the story told by the 1 one. Here it is:— "Two arrests "w'ete made by the police last night which, it is stated, will lead to some very, sensational, disclosures. The prisoners are a couple named James and Priscilla Hackett, who" are presumably brother and sister, and who have been "lately practising so-called spiritualism in various parts of the city and suburbs, James Hackett is a professed medium, . and his sister acts, it is said, in the' capacity of assistant. On a recent night there was a seance held iu the room engaged for the purpose at Petone, at which some 14 or 15 persons were present, including a police constable in plain ' clothes. The latter atteuded by invitation, but, in (consequence of a complaint'.which had been made to ' the police that the' affair was an imposition. Butler had orders to watcli the whole performance very closely, and if lie detected anythiug which could lie reckoned on as material for a case ho was to seize it. It is said that the proceedings were of a most extra ordinary character, the Haekctts calling up several alleged - departed spirits which were supposed to be materialised and able to hold .communion with those present." "In one of the most impressive parts, when the luminous form of a; supposed spirit appeared from the recesses of a cabinet, one of the audience seized hold of' the- " apparition" and called for the lights. The spirit turned out to be nothing more than a piece of gauze which tho medium was enabled to manipulate from behind a curtain. Hackett and ins sister were arrested, and tho parapher nalia, consisting principally of a bottle of phos-, phoriscd oil and a quantity of gauze, said to be used in conjunction with the oil for the purpose of producing "ghosts,' was seized. It is stated the medium received £0 for every sitting, and that several people have parted with considerable sums of money to him. The Hacketts were brought up in the Magistrate's Court and charged with having conspired together to defraud F. ' A. Yaughan. A second information lias been laid against Hackett, charging him with having pretended to exercise an enchant ment and liavo communion with tho spirits of the dead." The pair have been committed for trial. 