Wo Tcll-Talo Wanted. Yonng Lady (at bird-storol: "Has thif parrot any aeoompliehmonts t" ! Proprietor : 44 flo can speak a littlo, bnf bo's too old to learn anything now." j Yonng Lady (hesitatingly): "Would hoi imitate any auunda ho might hear, suab ee a sceoae, or u dough, or anything ot that kind 7" , i'roorletor: 41 Ho. Tho girls wore trying tbo other day to teach him to imitate the sound of a kiss, but ho wouldn't do it." . Young Lady (duoidodly): " I'll tako him." Claws in tbo will— Fingers of tho lawyers " I that your domestic 7" " No ; Bhe Is my imported." Nborbsitv ie tbo mother of invention, and likewise tho father ot lies." ' . br tbo boya do not kiea tbe mieses, then the girla will misB the kiBses. It ie the man who is too full for nttcranci who never knows whon he's loaded. IIau Is often fonder of biB dogs than be ii of his kin ; but, then, a dog can never oon. test a will." " I think watoring wine is a gtoei swindle." " So it ie— bat sanding angar is e grocer swindle." Final FisiiBnifAN : " What Iuok 7" Second Fisherman : 41 Nona at nil ; oun'l gel the cork' out." " Sat, mamma, ain't wo mado of duBt 7 "Yes, dear," "Woll, why don't wo got mfefidy when wo drink!" ' ' Doh's you gee tired of thla do-nothine lifoi" Yiisb, very; hut trado isvnlgar nu( suioi.de is orimiua). What can 1 do T" Hz (anntionsly): " What would you say, daslicg, if I should aek jouto bo my wife? Darliug (oven more cuutiouoly) : 41 Aek ma and find out." Rxvorteh : "Havo you soon Potti tbis morning 7" Dictator Boy : " Yea j 1 saw hsi and raised her." Edith : "It's the littlo things that tell » thin lite." Altco : 44 Wall, you'd think bo u yon had two.cmatt brothers, rb I have," Fimt KoC3BBEzi>b3 : 44 What ie yonr idel of tho bright of sarcasm 7" Socond House, heopes ; 41 Celling servants ' help.1 " j Hs: 11 And where aro 'you going next?'| Sho (Cook's tourist) ; " Milan." " Why, you nro in Milan now." " Oh 1 axe we 7 woll,1 - then, Qsaovc." Miss Felt : " Jnole ie attrnotod by Mise Giltsr's monoy rather than by her personal eksxrae, isn't he 7" Mlee Iionnor : 44 1 jodgf co. I beard bim speak of hoe the other dey sable finances." Oolohbl Abkihs (of Jffsnver) : "Yonng man, what was that dose yon gave me afors you yanked th' tooth?" The Dentist; " Ooosine nud whisky, sir." Colonol1 Arkimi : " Pull some more I" 8hs: "Shakespeare is simply marvel-; lous." 41 Ho ie, indeed. Even tbe names be gives hlo minor ohsrsoterB'have a deep Bignl- fioance. Look at Pistol, for instance. Ha was always looded." 41 1 BAvn noticed," remarked Dolley, " that ths women who have tho smallest tost pos sess also tho most uouto same of humor."! " I wonder why 7" replied MieB Amy, ooylyi pnebing her foot forward a trifle. "Bacnusel brevity ia the aonl of wit." ; s Mhb. Jihus : " I dsolarel AUoa Smith ie to bo married I It 1» frightful tbe way giri marry nowadays. A woman should neves tkink ot ii until she has reached tho sge of dteorsSion." Mr. Jinks; "In other woids.i you would have them stB7 osngle sll tbelc, HT8S." 41 So that fellow Brown married the popu« ha: 2£tea Jonce, -and she had a dozen better msn other feet." "Yee, and he oalle hor 1 E nlnribne dnnm.' " "BpluribuBunnmiy What does he mean by that ?" " Won from; many. Brown is it Latin seholar, don't yon kndii," , «« Bunt (tho ohiokan-bowowsr): "Fo' A» good Lewd, Sflstnb Ghcet, luff me go dial tlnas an I aubber oome bouhaginl' MrJ . Ooowl 8? (of tbe Georgia pins-distnot) : » G'loiig 1 I hain't no ghost. They wor a| ' tox-'n-ier,iU03iti! bee last night, on Ah' ola woman's mado Hlo stay off hyur till th'i offeotswesr off," i . A man says hs oamo aoross three rats in thai road some time ego aud nil of them had hold! of a otraw, travelling along. Ha declaim' thr.t the two outside rets were leading tboj , centre one. wbioh was blind. That would bm a bettor story if rato wero not famished byj nc lure with exoollent tow-lines of their own. ( Wirt Chappie says : "It's the quaeres! thing, you know ; I celled on Misa Uankia- -« son, ot Goulong, last nigbt, and that Ohnbb was tbaro. I hadn't been in tbe room tan 1 - minutes, when Ohubb ofisred to bat Mian Henkinson that I couldn't go down to tbe Battery and baok in two houre. Sho took'., the bet, aud I started. I did it in un hour and forty minutoB; but whoa I got baok toi the Uonco Ohnbb bad gone home and Mlsa HacSiisasn had rstirod." .) , Flozt, 'Ac volnntosr, lats iiio barraaki withoaii pirrjlsslon. As 4ha yonug man He a ' gexoral rsvvcrrftf, hii oospcrsl d'4crxrinod, if possible, to shield biia from panizhtnons; AooordlDsly, ho wrapped a sw.rping- bruiih' isa n fc5-v.!s»A and laid it iu tho voluntenr'a. lied. Tho olloor on duty, who is rathexj short-riish'.ed, noon aftsr wont tho ronnd of tho boas until hs osme to Fiott'e. 4' 'Whq' Uos tbero 7" ho nokod tha oorporal. " Volunf taor Flott," won tha xoply. " Floit, eh 1 Tho diurdoriy fellow is 'rw Intent on pleisnri 4bot ho totally uajjitotc hsntseE." (Tho ooij coral Arr- jaWm i'A tho wilof that tbn drauil la dlsjovccod.) "Yru awy toll Voilanterf t'iott tavawstwiw 8(» (l» We hair «nf. .JSqs# nisbs-" . , \- Acoonniso to the oiumsnb physiologlr Sappey, tho stomaoc contain?. 5-030 COO glands by wbioli tho gaBtrio jnioe Is cecxetcilJ and afow others whioh eeorot only muons. J Tre lion and the tigor, end, indeed," rcosk of tho aarnivora, do not grind f.h'ir ftsJJ ' OBing thoir jaws only np and dowr, tet, laro acting like ohopping Fnivea, or' T-r'ifiei Boiscnrp, Thob: mouths, Infect, are wilvuSt#' hj»ab - ..j 