GRAVE AND GAY. | The man who is scared at ghoBta afraid of nothing. Teacher—“ What is the passive mood lLf " Tetb "t0 work?” Johnny—" To • b odd but true that one can best judge of a woman’s character when she is walking. Doctor—,f Y on cough more easily this morningP” Patient—"I onght to* I practised all night.” When the boss of Bnesia orders a thing to be done the slave says, “ Tes, ecar,” ana goes and does it. In the case of a telegraphers' strike it is just a little doubtful who would hold the key to the situation. Can anybody give a good reason why clocks should not strike when they are required to work over time f Johnny—“ Pa, did you know ma before you were married ?” Pa (with a sigh)— “ I thought I did, Johnny.*’ “ Is Jenks in the swim nowadays f” ” Quess he must be. His best girl has just thrown him overboard.” 11 You think my boy is bound to make his mark?” Teacher—“ I am afraid BO. It seems impossible for him to learn to He-—“ And what would you do if I kissed you?” She (with digoicy)—" I’d call mamma.” (After a pause). " But mam ma’s out this evening.” Ethel—“ Do you allow Charles to kiss you when you are not yet engaged to him?” Maud—"It isn’t an allowance. He calls it a perquisite.” Mistress—“I wish I knew how to have' my photograph taken so as to please dear Charley^” Familiar maid—“ Let me sit for you, MisB Emma.” Man wants bat little here below And gets it if he can; Bat woman asks for even less— She only wants the man. “ There iB mo earthly excase for a tailor who turas out poor work if——” *’ If what ?” " —he takes the right measures to have his garments fit.” "I consider your set much beneath me,” said the weathercock fowl to one in the barnyard. “You’re a vane thing,’* was the quick retort. “ Say, pa,” said Freddy, " why is it that when you or TTncle George tell a story yon always get laughed at,jand when I tell one I get a lickin’ ?” _ Wife (angrily)—" Tes, before yon mar ried me, you confessed you loved me.” Husband—“ Tes; and I had nothing taken off my sentence for doing so, either.” “ Look here, old chappie, just introduce me to your pretty cousin.” “ All right. I’ll do so; but mark, if ever you marry her, don’t lay the blame on me.*1 She was a very little girl, Tet strong men fled in fright, Because, you see, that little girl, Was going to recite. _ “ When Mr Higgins asked you to marry him did you tell him that he most ask your mother P” " I did. but he said she’d refused him long before he ever thought of asking me.” 