TOPICS OF THE DAY. Attonlion is dosircd to nn announce ment in anatiior column intimating that IhoRnv Aloxamlor.Marsball vriil diacotirso at tho Scots' Ohurcli to-morrow ovoninp on "Tho Problom of tho Unemployed." This, it is understood, win do the hrac of a series of Sunday evening addresses on living questions in whioh tho peoplo aro interested. For tho information of visitors to the Soots' Ohnrcb wo nro desired to say that the seat holders who nro not in tho habit of oc cupying their pows nt tho evening eer- vi'jvs iixvo, nt thu suggestion of tho nmtiag'irs, cousonted to give tho frco iiso of Uicmnt these services to casual wor shippers. Tho iiotvs of scatholdors who uro expected to uo present at tho servico to-morrow evoning will bo readily dis tinguished by n card inscribed " lie- sorved." A li tlio other pows iu tho build ing will booprm for tho una of visitors. Tlio condition of Denu M'Kenua, of St. Patrick's Cuthrdral, continues to givo anxicly tohisiiiends. ThoKuv. gentionmn who ban been trying tlio oifcct of tho Dot Springs of Now Zealand, is now in Sytinuy on iiis way hack to Victoria. Before midday to-day, a tclcsrnm was received at St. Patrick's rq>orting that a alight improvemunt had taken place in tho Doau's couditiuu. Solemn Lligh Tildes will he cclubratcd at St. Ignatius Church, Uichiuoiid, to morrow, at 11 mm. Tho musical portion of tho servico to be rendered hy the choir will bo Hardin's Imperial Mass. Tho soprano noloiHfc for tho occasion will bo Miss Amelia Bankn, who will also render as nn offertory, Packer's "A.vo Maria." Siguor Zelmun will preside at tho tirgnti. An entertainment was given on Thurs day night to tho residents of tho Model Lodging-house, King street, when Mr Allsop, with tho limelight lantern, illus trated Dickens' popular stories— Little Nell aud Muriey's Ghost. Tho enjoyment was added toby frionds from tho Y.M.O.A., North Melbourne, who rendered Appro priate songs and music. At tho conclusion a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to all who no kindly gavo their services. Tho "Coolgnrdic fevor" has attacked tunny of tho employes of the Tramway Company, mid towards the end of tho present month several batches of hardy young fellows — gripmcn and conductors —will take thoir departure for the West Australian goldfiolds. Mr Phil May, tho Australian artist, is to boiho leading spirit in a now London weekly paper wfricti will bo born in ihe autumn. As yet a titlo has not been definitely ducided upon, but the general lines of tho venture havo been laid down. It will consist of eight pages, about tho size of ''Truth," nud tho price will, of course, bo a penny. Tho idea is Bufll- ciontly ambitious— to havo tho best read ing matter and tho best illustrations that can bo got, nnd absolutely nothing but the host. By this is meant that the paper will bo written and illustrated by our well-known writers and urtists, and all articles and pictures presumably signed. About a month Ago n cablegram in our columns showed that Sir Wostby Forcival, tho Agont-gencrnl of New Zealand, hnd replied in a convincing manner to some reflections made by Mr A. J. Wilson, of tho u Investors Itoview," upon tho credit of tho colony lie represents. Tho Agent- General's letter appeared in tho " Daily Chroniclo." Sir Wostby says:— "In a lottor iu your issuo of to-dny, Mr A. J. WilBon, of tbo Investors' Iteviow,' among overstatements, which Are equally falso, asserts that, so far from Imvinghad surpluses sinco eho ceased borrowing, Now Zealand has hnd constant deficits. What aro tho facts? The Budgets issued by tho Colonial Treasurers of thu colony siuco 1888, tho year that New- Zeal aud last borrowed iu London, show surpluses, not deficits, as follow For 1889-00 a surplus of L36, 569 (after paying off the deficit of L78,(J0d left from tho previous your); for 1800-01, naurplus of L143.0G0 ; for 181)1-02, a surplus of L!Uu,G?4 ; und for 1802-05, a surplus of L28.'),780. So much for Mr Wilson's accuracy iu dcoliug with facts." Thoro aro at least two pressmen in Australia,— ono on tho staff of tho "Herald," nnd another on tlio "Ago — who will havo special personal reasons for regretting tho death of Mr J. K. <iiiuiuitd, imiu iw uiu |uuii iwuivo years has rendered able sorvico to tho London Hxehpngo Telegraph Company as tho oditor of its nows department. Mr Andrews, who was before 1882 connected with tho "St. Jntnea'n Gazetio" and .the " Manchester Kxanriucr," was widely known in journalistic circles, nnd Ins death will bo vory generally regretted, flo took an active part in tho adminis- f ration of tho Nowspupor Press Fund, nnd ho will bo greatly missed by his coHongucs on tho council. To Mr An drews bolongs tho credit of dovoloping tlio uso of tho telegraphic instruiuont known ns " tho ticker," which is a groat aid to London ovoniug journalism. He was a lioinnn Catholic, and a very chart- tablo man. Alt old London prossmon will regretfully henr of his death. A French gentleman has mado a claim agniiiflt tho Bank of Franco for tlio valuo of bank-notes. He hnd 10,000 francs in 100 frnno notes, nnd not caring to trust them to a bank ho hid tiiom up n chimney in ono of liis sitting-rooms,, nnd then forgot alt nbout them. Coming homo Into tho other ovoniug, when tho weather was rather chilly, ho lighted a fire in tho mom. All of a sudden ho romomhorcd his bank-notes. . Tlioy woro burned ; tho nskos, howovor, remained, and theao ho collected. Mr F. O. Solous, whoso nnrrativo of ovents in South Africa everybody has been runilinn'. linn, it in inirlnrnt/inil mmn linmn to tako a wifn. IIo is nn Fnglisli gentle man, was educated at Ilugby, nnd hns his country liouso nt Wnrgravo, nn tho Tlinmes. Ho wont first to South Africa when ho wan 19. This wns in 1871. ITo hnd L400 in his pockets, and a constitution that was worth much mora than that, nnd ho has been a famous hunter ovor sinco. Much largo gnrao huR fallen to his riilo. Ho hns slmt ever 100 elephants, nud nt least 20 Horn. On ono occneion ho accomplished tlio tin- procudeutnd feat of killing thrco full grown lions with four shots. Tho flenh of iho lion is, ho says, capital eating. " Lion pio is utmost as good as veal pasty, and quito as white." Dr. Talmngo, who will shortly visit Australia, is a splondid business man, in spito of the recont fallinc oil in tho re ceipts rf tho Brooklyn Tabernacle. His incotuo from his congregation was L3,000 a year, but for many ynnrs ho inado nbout twice ns mucli hy locturiug. Ho had also a conrrnot with a firm of publishers to ho paid L2500 a year for tho advauco publication of his sermons, which are transmitted nil ovor tho world. Shortly before ho set out oil his Inst journey to Kuropo ho was offered a sum of 112,000 down for a series of lectures, tho tour and tho dates to bo aubjcct to his convenience, but he declined tho offer. A butlor called recently upon all tho leading Loudon morning papors, and slated that hu had a secret piece of intelligence that ho wns prepared to rcII for LoOO. Bub ho demanded the money before revealing tho Boerot. Uo had already tendered his wares lo tbo " Pall Mull Gszotto," aud it is bcliovod that, not beiug nblo to get his L500 any where, ho wont buck to that jourmq, where ho Bold tho information ut a reduced prico. It purported to bo derived from aeon- vorsation overboard by a brothor survnut whilst waiting at dinner, and it was thai Mr Gladstone) was contemplating resigna tion. Speaking in London rocontly Mr Camp- boll- Bunnormun said : — "To Iiavo a non- rapreKontativo and irresponsible Second Chambor, and to set it up and applaud tho policy of tho representative Chamber can ho rovorsod nr neutralised, was not tho plan of a constitu tional statesman, but was rather tbo deoporato shift of a belated oligarch who saw tho sians of the tiinos aud tho spirit of tho ago morally over whelming him. "Whon tho Houso of Lords rejected tho Iiomo Itulo Bill tboy hud tho excuse that it was a great con stitutional chango. Whon they tusortcd in tho Employers' Liability Bill n provi sion permitting contractingout, tboy tooka stepwbieh was coadcmnod by ninoty-nino- hundredths of tho working men of the country, bat they could point to certain bodies of workmen in ono or two - indivi dual employments who undoubtedly ex- prersod their dosiro to remain ns they were now. But whon (hoy cutuo to the Local Government Bill thore were no such excuses. On every one of tho points nt issue in ic tho Liberals havo striven to extend the cqunl and impartial distribution of rights ; on every ono of them the Lords had been Assnrting the obsolete privileges of their orJor nnd th»» Roliish uitr.rcsts of ihem- sclvei and their frienda. Hero was a con crete and practical quarrel on which they had entered. They would bo content to await the result. Let tho quarrel come; there must bo no < compromise nud no yieldirtc upon it." This paragraph will ho interesting to Meisrs Molv.Ue, Mullin and SUdo : — An American bookseller has hit upon the following method of extending his busi ness and his income. Ho will take n papor-eovorad noval, published At 50 cents., but which ho lino bought for 30, and sell it for "5 cents, with tho under standing that tbo buyor is to return it when rend. When tho book comes back hu pays 20 cents for it, nnd puts it up for a n o again at 50 cents. The second buyer returns tho hook and receives 15 cents, and for a third tlmo the book is on the nIiaIvos, this time marked 20 cents. Again it comes back, tUo reader takes 10 cents, and tho hook will chnnge owners half a dozen times. Books havo often thus paid 200 per cent, on the original investment. It is worth remembering that it is just a century ago biuco tbo reign ol terror in Franco wob raging. Exactly a century ago to-day — on 24th March, 1794— tho head of Hcbert, tho editor of tho " Fere Duchosso," fell under thu guillotine, r/ith oightouu other. " The Revolution is devouring its own children," comments Curlylo ; all anaroby. by tho nature of it, is not only destructive, but solf- dostructive." Just as well to romombcr that photo now-a-duys. "The Belgian Consul at Noumea states that two-llfths of tbo total area of New Caledonia contains nickel, and that a tenth part of this hns boon conceded to mining companies, about 12,000 square miles being already worked. The ore eon- tains from 8 to 10 por cant, of tho pure metal — iu somo few casoa as much ns 15 per cent. — and it is worth about L4 a ton at tho port where it is to bo shipped. Tho latost annual return shows thut 5000 tons of nickel oil, luOO tons of chrninato of iron, 700 tons of cobalt and 210 tons of auriferous quartz were ex ported from Now Caledonia, a great many oftheso mines being worked by ex-con- viets, several ol whom imvu made largo fortunes. 7 Gounod's Ma«s ol St. Cecilia will ho rendered nn Easter Sunday nt ' St. Ambrosn Church, HnuiAWlck, witti full orchestra, under ths leadership of Mr XL R. G. Andrews. Mr F G. Nicholas luis received tlio follow, ing wcnlher telegram from the manager of Mnrfleld Station, Ivnnhno, N.S. Wolee, dated 22nd Match;— "1D0 points good general rain 21st hist. ; still threatening." We havo received fmm Ments George nnd George a sample of Mihhtra tig jnio. The article is of excellent quality and Ustc, and is rccommundod'for its absolute purity, MrU. K. .Tonos'wlH'dclivpr a free lecture in tlio iYmprraiicu Hall, lluiBell street, to-mnr- row (Sunday) evening, at half-past Bev»-n o'clock, Subject: " Kxpurentia Uoeut." He it alto announced to deliver a new, curious, and practical lecture on "X'orliament, as affect ing present affair in this colony,'', in the same half, on-Monday evening, 2nd April, at eight o'clock, when thu linn, thu speaker of the Assembly, Mr Thomas Bent, M.P., will pre side. ' 