Humour. \- -* ' ^rhe next best ttdhg td ovnbig eoraethlig Jalobe'wiUiag to do witbontit. ' :»T?- 'i 7*r j ' A eoieatist has diso6T-red 'that %omea' Ji^e lonfrer than man because they talk mora. - '-1'' ' ? Aa regards most man, it it Jon dacgerosa to injnre them than to pat thorn under as oUUr^iaa. TT . . ?The way io deep is to think of nothing,' sayij a scientist. All an editor has to do u to ruminate over his bank account. ? Ha»o »ou -heard-of the: ead fate of the j noyellai TejetUf JSe oomaltted saldde from jealansy beoaune the heroine of hil , jateet (ton marzle* aoothor man.'— Flit- gikltMfum. '? ' Ob, for the winga of a do*e !' ahe sang, 1 Aa ahe lifted her voice and curled her bang ; . i*ot that ahe wanted to if, bat that She thonght they'd be nloe to trim ber hat. —fud/t. . First Belle—* Then both Hen Bohulse Herr Iiebmanu had made her at! offer of marriage— which - was-' the ? lnbky man T Saoond ditto— 'Heir Bohulas, Herr Leh manii married her.' 'I notice that you alwaye alt at yom vife's left, Hr. Hegga.' 'Ye§,' frankly returned Hr. Meggt, 'that's the sidehra glass eye is on.' What ia the difference between a donkey in the possession of the Shah and a rpitsful aoousation F — One is a Persian ass and the other is an aspersion. Ethel — 'Do yon allow Oharlea to kisa yon when you are not yet engaged to him f Hand — ? It isn't an allowance. He calls it a perquisite.' TouagGotnix (sadly)— *1 saw a sign in a window down the street that exactly des cribed my condition.' Jinks — ' What was itf ' Gush girl wanted.' '' 'I bear your son has become an actor ; how is he getting onf' 'Very wellindeed. He began as a corpse, and now he has already advanced to the role of a ghost/ 1 Old Lady (in oonrtroom)— What a mur derous-lookiog villain that prisoner ia I Pd be afraid to get near M— Her husband— 'Sh 1 that ian't the prisoner ; that's the magistrate.— FitUburg Dupatch. Boatwiok— 'So you followed my advice, Jngater, and tried the gold cure. : Tou-founa iteffaoave, didn't yon P' Jigstet — ' Very. It took all my money and left nta nothing to get full on.'— Truth. UsBbend — ' woo 1 Hoo 1 Q^od land 1 Why do you set that alarm clook eo tbat it - will go ofl like that just at bedtime F' Wife ' That is to remind me that is's time to wind it up, my. dear. '—Am*. Hiss Elderlelgh— ' I wonder 'why they'n inttoiuoing suoh old-fashioned -dances. I can't manage to learn them.' Hbj Oinsti que— ' Oh, the steps will all oome back, to you by and by.' — Ohitago Bmri. Obolly— 'It— aw— may be aU wight, yon know, bot I— aw— Bad it doos^d hard to be lieve that we are dneended from — aw— monkeye.' Hlaa Smart (after looking him over)—' I.don't.' — Hint Turk Tren. ' Ah, love, I wonld like to listen to yon all sight 1' he said as he rcee to go. Six months after they wen married he ohanoed to stop ont fifteen minutes after his usual tour of return, and he had fab detire gratified. Iequinng Ohlld— 'Father, there's a lot in this book about Othello. Who was Othello P Father— ' Othello I Why, bUae me, my boy, do you mean Jo toll me you go to Sunday whool -and don't know a simple thing like that f I'm ashamed of you .' Arming lady called at a mush chop and asked for something new in piano music. The clerk asked her if it made any differ enoe how many sharps there were in the pieoe. 'Ob, no,' she replied, 'not in tbe hut; for if then an more tban two I always - ecratch them ont with my pen knife.' ? Fir eddy — ' Aw — Hisa Oinevwa, eould yon — aw— iivein a flat?' Hiss Qi«n»a— 1 Yes, bnt not with one.' — Chicago TVibme. Olairette— ' What an yon going to give me, papa, whan I get married F— Papa — 'Hy consent, Olairette.' — La LoqwtU* Jones — 1 This cigar yon gave me is p vlls one.' Brown— 'Yon don't know. a good' oigar whan I give you one !' Jonea— 'Per- haps not ; but I know a bad one.' Biiggs — 'What a seven eold yourland { lady has.' Qriggs — 'Yes. She eat in my r room for an honr yesterday.'— Mu Tori UtrtM. ' What will drive a man to drink quioker than a aharp tongned woman 1* Did you ever try a broilea salt mackerel i' — m Tori Aw. Hungry Hlggins— ' Wofs right nowadays — t'ask yon, er t'anks f Weary Watkinsr 1 1 gneas tanks would hit us about right.'— India lapelu Journal. An Irish offiofit tellj an amusing experi ence of his in the Indian Mutiny. , He was one day inspecting a Highland regiment, when what should he see standing promi nently forward, as a sergeant, (in kUt and pbOlbeg and all, bnt a tenant of his father's from the Oonnty G-ilway. ' Murphy,' said he, is it a Sootonman yon are now f ' The devil a fear of me, Wiathrr James,' repiwd Mtuphy, with indignation. 'I'ma CHI way Higbluidher, and a HigWanflher isn't a Scotchman at all.'—. Sptaktr. 