THE MYSTERIES OF A PACK OF OARDS. A private soldier, by the name of Richard Lee, was taken before a provin cial mayor recently, for playing cards dur ing divine service. It appears that a er. geant commanded the soldiers at the church, end when tbh parson ad read the prayers he took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer- book, but pulling out a pack of cards he spread them before him. He just looked at one card and then at another. The sergeant of thb company saw him, and said, '. Richard, put up the cards; this is no place for them." "Never mind that," said Richard, When the service was over, the con stablp took Richard before the Mayor. "Well," sola the Mayor, " what have you brought the soldier here for 1" "For playing cards in church." " Well. soldier, what have you to say for yourself ? " " Much, sir, I hope." "Very good. If not I will punish you severely. "I hive been," said the soldier, "about six weeks on the march. I have neithe, Bible nor prayer-book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and I'll satisfy your Worhip of the purity of my intentions." And, spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. ' When I see the ace it reminds me there is but one God. When I see the deuce It reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four spot t reminds me of the four evangelists that preached-Matthew, Mark, Luke and John. When I meet the five,it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lampl-there were ten, but fie were wise and five were foulish and were shut out. When I ee the six, it reminds me that to six days the Lord made heaven and earth. When I see the seven, it reminds me that on the eventh day Be rooted from the great work 1e had created, and hallowed it. When I se the eight, it reminds me of the eight righteogl persons thqt were arved when Qod destroyed the world, via., Noah and his wife, with three sons and their wives, When I see the nine, it reminds me of the ten lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour, there were nine not of ten who never returned thanks. When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which Qod handed down to Mloes on the tables of stone. When I see the King, it reminds me of the King of Heaven, which is God Almighty. When I eeb the Queen, it re minds me of the Queen of tieba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her fifty boys and fifty girls, all dreeed in boys' apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. King Solomon sent for water for them to wash; the girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrist, so King Solomon told by that,'" SWell,", said the'Mayor, "you have given a good description of the cards but on." " What is that?" "The knave," said the I.yor. "I will give your Honor a deaoription of that, too, if yoa will not be too aogry." "I will ot," said the Mayor, "if you do not term me to be the konve." "Well,'. said the ouldier, " the greatest knare that I know o0 is the constable that brought me here." '"I do not know," eaid the Mayor, "if he Is thegreatst knave, but I know he Is the ereateet fool." ' When I count how many spots in a pack of cards, 1 fod three hundred and slaty.five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a peak, I find there are fifty-two. the number of weeks in a year, and I fied four suits, the number of weeks In a month. I find there are twelve picture cards ln a pack, representing the number of mont;h to a year, and on counting the tricks I find thirteen, the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see, sir, a pack of card seres for a Bible, almanac, and common prayer-book." Im tih Alline processiot at Hatel (son, Kan., was a monstrous wagon containing fifty or sixty children. Over the vehicle was a banner bi?r.ag thb in wiriptias: ?. r".rpoin cti"n." 