(THE PHANTOM KORSEMAH. A TALE OF TASMANIA. Br C.R.G. TtH-re are more thing, in heaven nnd snrtfit Horatio, then are dreamt of in your plulo- sophy. — Shakspeare- I may preface the following true story by stating that I have not, and never had, any hplidif in tha mmernatoral. Sbirita— unless in a liquid state—Ittokoa but the myths ot the superstitions ; spiritualism I estimate . & arrant humbug and theee-calied supernatant appearances and extraordinary " manifesta tions" of which we hear so much merely the natural result of trickery imposing upon mental weakness. I firmly believe tbat all the singular pheno mena produoed by mediums, clairvoyants thought-readers tt J\oc genus wwt% are tho outcome of human ingenuity or jugglery and may be readily accounted for by thorn who dip deeply into scientific lore or who may happen to be expert professors of the art of legerdemain. So great indeed is my contempt for the ghostly fra ternity that I would as lief sleep in a church yard as in a hotel, were it not for the inconvenience which would undoubtedly be caused by the hardness of a tomb- atone for a pillow ; and feel sure tnat no respectable ghost would resent my in trusion into the neighborhood of his prison- house. But I am, of coarse open to convic tion. Spirits I am prepared to believe in just so soon ae they wiU consent to give over schoolboy pranks as rap- ping table logs, clashing murioal instruments, etc. and will volunteer to do something useful to humanity sucb for in stance, as to give a hard -up pressman Die straight tip for the next Melbounia Cup. An amiable and well trained, bona fide ghost might be made 1 extremely usefnl in many ways. On the staff- ' of as evening journal, for example, such an acquisition would be worth untold gold— would, in fact, prove a mine of wealth worth - half a dozen Coolg&rdiee.; Fancy bring able, by spirit express to give a couple of colums of illustrated description of the wreck ef the Alert half an Jour aftef— or for the matter of that half an hour.. . before — it 'happened, with a full list the men's names and their photographs ! Or to give the full scores of our boya cricket matches in England before thej were played. From a utilitarian point of view it is evident the denizens of epiritland, if they really existed, should command every success in their overtures to mortals, instead of whioh they have only contrived hitherto to makethem- and untrnslwoithf"» » If, as I said "before, one of them will jrive me a the Cop tip I will promise with my winnings to found a " Spirits Estreat " somewhere m , Bouverie etreet, and undertake to provide the - Ce perturbed spirits with chain, tables joe, tambourines, . etc., ad lib. for their recreation. It was in Tasmania, about 22 years ago that I saw the Phantom Horseman. title Is a purely fanciful one, as for reasons above stated I no mote betievo that fan . was a phantom than I believe In the libel® written about Australian pronunciation The rimiji was, appropriately enough, midnight. It was pitchy dark, and inky thunderclouds . oovereafhfi firmament and hung over Ae earth like a funeral -A fitting time ftpd night indeed for the perambulations of unearthly visitants, yet I was young, tired, and hungry, and my only thou gat was to gefc home to a comfortable fire ana something to eat. Certainly thoughts of ghosts never entered my head. I was tiding homewards from a country house known as 44 The Bend" (not the Ya ua Bend incredulous reader) situated on the North Esk river. The lateness of the hour, and the threatening storm induced me to urge my horse to e > hand gallop, and just as I turned into, a narrow lane about a mile from home the storm hurst in all its fury. And it wan furious ! Torrents of rain -descended — each, drop scorned a bucketful; peals of thunder poA other with Etartiittgand deafop- ing rapidity, and flash after flash of sheet lightning at intervals ot ft few seconds lit up ., the scene jmd rendered every object -as .plainly . visible as at midday. . The !ane- 1 "was ridhur In was a very narrow footpath— eo narrow that In galloping ' along my ieet? hcuhefl against the gome hedges <m ritherride of me-' There woe no room for even a sheep to pass my horse in the lane ; nf that I am certain. In fact it was not once in rix months that anybody ever to de» along the path; it was I merely Intended for foot and X bad only ridden in to itla . fhe hope of getting home qy 4he nearer way. in to avoid a drenchmg. About half way up the lane a flash of lightning more vivid than nsnai lit up the «ww>) end to toy horror it allowed me another horseman a few ptoesin front of me also riding at full gallop, and coming from the place to which I was making. The lTghtw">Fc ff1 4mw »» Mi/my thing . clearly. Thmian was mounted onagrey home, awfl was dressed in -a light g rey tweed suit frit hat pressed down over his eyes, and top hoots. He had no overcoat, but comforter of some kind wrapped round his throat. The feeling of horror I experienced waa not be cause of aay superstitious Year, - but ' amply tkmmhi"8 l cook oozae naa now w w composed of flesh, blood and bone like mystify and my steei, -and knew that mUff Hie enmstanoes a collision was inevitable. . . ware only a couple of lengths apart, both-; wAitip nt a gallop, .. and there waa note- the slightest poeriHlity of -pasting; cmh irf pwlltwg %ip ffliflafiBB.- were as certain to Tun Into cachotiiems Gamperdown into the Victoria /when. ArWwri Tryon gave bte iital ceder. I involuntarily riiut my eyes and, awaited the shook. A -opuple a pooonds . suspense and nothing happentog, X ©peaedi . item again. Another flash of hghtningnan»s and lo! my horseman had disappeared/ and I could see wight up the atraigfat lane to the white gate at ihe r : - looked hack whence X had oome.; T3m laiie; was empty nor was there say tignof Jtivtnjg. >r fliwig In me fields on either. MB . of the gorter.' V$sll, I rofie on home In a itnto.nf titnple bewilderment. The horseman ennst have called at thc honse to-orfer-tqgeUhe key ol the gats leading into the tana, but enquiry there only mteustfied 1 mystery as so oue hndCinsDed time I left five hours previously, .tend fin gate war, as nauti, eeonrety" JstiHwfcrd tor the lane tons » private one tond -'po " thoroughfare " to the general publio. TSufc I began to think I hadnt last seem a reslllve' ghost. '-.."A 