j — — ' JSSitrg&E;'Ct Elmf-cr's All her life Margaret Hunter had', li'vnil' alone with her grandfather ia a. grny; atouu house in thu midst of a garden, whioh-. hid! it. from the road. Thny hail few viEiftor.i,. Old. Mr. Merely would have nothing' to, doi with-, neighbours, and those who came- to. thai house were principally old" friccdu: fromiiv. distance. And, thinking of the cold',. ntarn- man;, who; had miner once caressed her, it did not'summ unlikely that he might have been; tmliilidi tm her pnrcnte. Hu was not unkind' to: her;, but; he bad nover been tender.. Black: Juno: was: fond of her, but she was ignorant audi ouptii> stitious ; and porhups the must com, umiak companion Margaret hod ever- bad! wnm-a strange ous— a woman no- lougeeyoungi, evi dently a bard -working- person,, yet: us: evi dently by birth a lady, who hail: metthor once in the woods when she was a. little child', .and! bad asked ber for a kiss,. anH-whu- ever.- siYicu-. hod, now and again, crossed berpathiimsomei lonolv place, and talked to. her as noiono.elwt did. She hod asked, her name oao>- «i<l! the woman had said ; - ' Call me Martha." "Martha was my mother's nnuiL',," aaifi !;"):> child ; " ahe died before I. ever knew her." Then suddealy she wa3 strangely moved. " Oh. if I only had a mother! " sbusaidk Ami the woman kissed her. again, and two- turns dropped from her eyes. Thnt was years ago. Margaret. wii3: now sorcntccn; yrA still Bhc met tlio p:tle„ fair woman, with her hard worked hands and high-bred face, bar common dress; and lady like movements, in the woods by- the- little spring, amid the gray rocks is the pathway thnt led from the orchard itself. Tbat. wus: when her grandfather was away. AntE' sha. had nercr spokeu to bim of this lady. Ha never allowed her to have any friends. Of late, however, Margaret bad had a littlo secret of hor own — ono that she did nob tell her friend any- more than her grand father. _ Some one else had raofc her in.tho' wcods. Some one else had tokl tier, -as this- woman had said, the was beautiful. Yes. scmu ouo else had kissed her also, with a„,kiej that thrilled her through- and- through. - 6ba bad a lover of whom she knew nothing-,' -save that he was handsome, that he praised 'her, that ho said lifo was nnblest wthouthor- Sba' knew her grandfather would put an cruV'to the pleasant meetings if he guoiscdatdhern, - and Ralph Hartland told her so. " A strange old gentleman, your-.grzud- father," he had said: "a man whodhougli doubtless deserving of respect, :haa,,nt» sympathy for others. "Wore I to go' tdftlis house and ask permission to visit you, though he knows me well enough by, repute! ion, j&a; would drive mo from his dDbr." IVo rnnsb' marry first, Margaret, and thcn ask liis 'ior- , giveness. Wo can do witboub'it-if :he refuses :'dt, I think." And Mnrgaret felt that .if - sho - hart. -. Ralph for her very own sho could do wifchout -nff else. VYbat had her grandfather -ever ' been to her?' Sho loved hor frienu-MarthoqriuoU better. That day 6bo kissed Martha -foridlx,'- wbeu. she loft -her, Sha lied promised her lovei'to' leave home with him that -nigh tnnd; she .knew that thoy might nevor.-zneet again. Sho looked back after she'hud gone a little way. Martha stood looking'aftor horjhEhad- iag her oyca with her hand. All that ovening Margorob-wandorcd toanS'' fro like -an uneasy spirit, taking a siieut adieu of her quiot old home. Sbe fclfsnma remorse when she looked: at'hor grandfather, sad she even felt sorry that she was about leaving Blnok Jane thus. Btat ltalpa stood first. Shelved no-tbonght-of drawing back. She eat in the-old kitchen at last, lingering ovor the spot where she had' baoa, happiest-— for if there -had-beon any comfort it had been at Jane's ltuee— whan the door burst, open, and Jano herself tottered in, tuffi,, troubling with horror, cast-horself-upori-te-'knees;' " I have Heon-a,8pirit,.MissAirgaroti'r'isaid Jano; "a spirit' from another -woridi- Vii've seen your mother, child, white;: hndV-wozi, and wretched, standing wotchfe- yotiijiiwln- dow from the orchard yonder. Seine trouble is coining, somo trouble' 'is "coming. What shall I do?" Margaret, with a horror for which<she;'-bad. no words, crouched at the blqck woman's side. For the moment her resohitioirfailcd. But the terror ipassod ere long. 8lfe,iivon. grew to heliove that Jane was the victim -of her superstitions terrors ; and she vvent'to-her room at last , resolved to meet her lover as she promlssd. She bad prepared her little bundle, and placod:her tinv sum of monuyin the pockot of lior dress. Sho had;written-a note to her grandfather, and laid it on the unrumplcd pillow; and now that the house was still— even' Jane, iaiapite of terror, asleep in .her garrottlic pirl cicpc down stairs and oat into the orchard. The moon shone' bright ; tho. path to the road was clear. She crept down it and opened tba gate. A little way beyohd a' dark figure stood among the trees, lt'hastchcd forward. ' My darling 1" cried a soft voice. It v/as Balpll. AU Margaret's terror van ished. Sho was with her lover ; she was safe. " A carrlagestandr. at tho'foofc of thelar.e." be whispered. "We will be boyond pursuit in an hour, Come, my darling." " As sho placed her hand in his and Ujfted her lips to bis own, anothor Bgiive, crouched until now in tho shadow of tho -groat pear . tree beside the gate, arose nnd glided like, a ghost between tbcm, A white face eurneif. toward Ralph Hartiaml, a white-band waved him backward. " Demon 1" said a low, cl jar voice.'. " Black-hearted demon, leave this' poor girl' and go 1" "Who aro you who interferes?" sal-.l Ralph. . " Her mother," said the woman; ./ Margaret screamed. She did not recog nize Martha, and, overcome by terror, fainted in her arms. When she again opened, hor eyes she wns alone with tho woman. She- knew her face and voice now, and angrily, shrank from her. ' " " Where is Ralph V alio asked. . " Ralph, aa you call him, Uss gone forever 1 hope. If ho has gone to his wife he lias dono woll, for ho bos one. I am your inotkor. (Yenra ago 1 left my father's homo at night, with one ns bad as Ralph. Wo wero mar., ried.and els month afterwards I learned that he had another wife, and ire finally flo-t to . oscaps tho State Prison. T only returned lo- place you, my child, upon thu' steps of tha old hobscstcad. After that I worked honestly- for my bread In a farmer's kitchen, but "I -could no'refrrin from seeing my child. £ have saved you, m/ darliug." , Margaret sobbea npea hor breast. ' "You must not leave me, mothor," oh» said. In the dawn two women knelt befaro thr old man, and he was not stern to them, not cruel ; his Hps pressed Margaret's forehead; but he took Martha to his heart. 