'Magna est veritas et praevalebit.' WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1894. The closing of the session and the pro rogation of Parliament has turned child's play into real earnest, and the political campaign has at last in truth begun. The difficulty in the way of an absolute adjustment of the vexed ques tions before the voters it the multitude of candidates, most of them prepared to si ok every issue except their own selfishness. In fact these persons remind us of some old men who' sink all they have in an annuity of ^300 a year for three years, with a chance of renewal for a further similar term. The classes of candidature may be broadly divided as follows: — The Free trader, who with a land tax on unimproved values aims at a more thorough free trade, and sees in no other political medicine a remedy for existing evils; the Protec tionist, who as a rule, sees the utter futility of forcing more taxation through the customs, and is prepared in secret to ' sink ' the fiscal issue for a time ; the so called Labor candidate who is prepared to sink even his individuality, but who lias a sneaking regard for Protection; the true sinker who is prepared to sell himself body and soul to the Cen tral Committee of the Labor Elec toral League— and whose motives may be summed up in a desire to come to the front and get ^300 a year ; and the Single Taxsr whose scheme is not as yet perfectly developed, but who is for the present prepared to fall into line with the Freetraders if the latter go the full length in regard to unimproved land value taxation. It will be seen that the classei most in line are those which have Freetrade or customs modifications as a basis of political faith. On the question of land taxation there is of course much divergence of opinion, but there is a tendency to agree to differ which speaks well for the approaching solidarity of the party of the future. As to the Protectionist and Labor classes, it must be admitted that for the present at least there is hopeless division. Protection itself would be cast into the sea as a very Jonah if the act could be decently performed. It has been betrayed already by both Labor and the party pro fessing to be Protectionists— and now there is little hope for it unless the landed interest be frightened as the country itself was frightened three years ago into accept , ing the ad valorem duties in dread of a suddenly discovered and very bogus paper deficit presumably left by a Freetrade Ministry. Ths politicians who hoped to dragoon the . landowners into supporters by means of their raw head and bloody bones or turnip lantern of a bogey have not ' scrupled to tell absolute falsehoods of the proposals to tax the land. The common cry, from Ministers downwards, has been that land taxation is confiscation, and that in a very, few years areas acquired by .labor ana payment will have to be paid for over again. The absolute untruth of this is obvious when it is remembered that with a land tax the reduction of customs duties will be so considerable that the farmer will actually pay lessjthan ever he ! did before, and get more than his fair . return in cheapness and development of national resources. This circumstance is carefully hidden when the proposed land tax. is denounced, and the landowner or occupier U tacitly led to believe that he will be called upon to pay his present taxation and the land impost aB well. 'How easily this lie will be exposed and its fallacy exploded as soon as the Freetrade party has time to get about the country must be apparent to all. As for the Premier and his following, there is no telling what cry they will even tually raise, what particular description of herring they will drag across their trnil. Sir George Dibbs has tried every expe. dient it is possible U- conceive, from economy in soap to non-payment of mem bers, from the Darling pea to the Kiama ghost, from Democracy and Republicanism to Conservatism, knighthood, and law and order — hence it is interesting but puzzling to foretell where the next head in a new dress may pop out. Poor Protection has been like a poor relation on the doorstep, in the vacant chair at the feast, in the kitchen among the bones, in the gutter after a nasty kick-out — and now somewhat profuse apologias are being offered to it for past indignities, in the hope that it has still a few affluent money-lending friends left. Labour is in even worse case than the so-called friends and would-be betrayers of Protection. It is beset by enemies of the socialist and anarchist stamp, by violent and headstrong fools who are run ning the vessel on to the rocks. The Central Committee of the Labor Electoral League are exacting from candidates a pledge to which no honest man can subscribe. All who accept it and run on it at the election lay themselves open to the gravest mistrust, for they belong to the class of Esau, selling their birthright of freedom for the mess of ^300 a year pottage. But the pledge is being forced, even to the breaking up of branch leagues which oppose it, and the starting of rival leagues to weaken the influence of labour in the electorates. The result will be in extricable confusion and irremediable loss. We are almost prepared to predict that by internal division alone labour will lose nearly every seat it gained three years ago. And the downfall of theglorious hopes only partly realised will be aided by the sham advocates who are at heart Protectionists, but are too much of the political sneak to give the courage of their opinions a show. In the circumstances the Freetrader should take heart of grace and close up their ranks for the coming struggle. After all, they are in the best position, for they alone are perfectly honest in convictions and in faithfulness to a cause which seemed to have besn losing ground. Of course there are weak-kneed ones, who fell par* tlally away, but let them return and no awkward questions will be asked. The hour cometh— and so will the man of destiny arrive too. Let the party be strong, and a strong leader will not be wanting. All that is needed is solidarity, the only sinking necessary is the sinking of petty differences and divergences which have only a seeming importance at best, and none at all in the presence of a great object to be gained: a magnificent triumph to be attained*. 