WISE AND OTHERWISE. Wool—'That waa ii mam trick Clarklet's rival played on hiin.' Van Pole—' What? ' Wool—'Ho wrote lO, maid of Athens, cro we part,' etc., in the girl's album, and the rival changed the ' O' ro 'Old.' Felix —' Head bad to-night, darling ?' Beatrice—'It ia rather, dear.' Felix (men tally reviewing his accomplish men ts)—'Shall I I—smoke a little to you, darling'?'—'Punch.' I Foster—' Have you seen those new cigars I Barlow is smoking 1 They measure about four to the yard.' Trotter—'Yes, and about eight to the graveyard. I've smoked one.' Mamma—' We are to have company at tea, and I want you to act like a man.' Johnny—'And must I say, like pa, 'What in thunder makes the pie-crust so con founded tough 1' Friend—'I think your boy will become a very distinguished man if ha lives long enough.' Father—'Yea. What do you think he will be distinguished for ?' Friend — 'Longevity—if he lives long enough.' 11 find my lessons in bread-making have saved us many dollars.' ' But I thought you couldn't eat it, you said 1' ' We don't, but I make playthings for the baby out of it, and they never break or wear out.' Miss Philo (swoetly)—' I can remember when you made your debut, dear, years and years ago.' Miss Caustique (more siveetly) —'How thoughtful you aro ! Now, I couldn't begin to remember when you made vours.' ' She can talk moro gossip and scandal than any other woman in the country ; and how she can rake over the failings of her neighbors ! ' ' Does she belong to the sowing circle ?' 'No ; she belongs to the charity club.' IinnM — 'What have you raised that young bookkeeper's salary for? Don't you know that the young spendthrift squanders all his salary giving presents to some girl he's infatuated with ?' Bones—' Of course I do. The girl's my daughter.' Donald (after the ball).—' May I c.ill on yeu occasionally. Miss Lester? We seem as old friends. Have I not seen you some where before ?' Miss Lester (cuttingly)— 'Yes; you saw me hanging on to the strap in the car one day last week, while you were sitting down.' She (gushingly),—'There are days when we seem more in unison with- Nature than at other times, when our hearts seem to beat in accord with the sublime harmony of the universe. Have you ever noticed it ? ' Hh — 'Indeed I have. It is always that way with me on pay day.' A Perth man and a Newburgh man werej disputing about the merits of their respec tive burghs. After reciting many other ad vantages the Perth man clinched hia argu ment with—'Ah! but nor Provost gangs about wi' a chain.' ' Di3 he ? ' drily re sponded the other. ' Aweel, we hit ours gang about lowse.' Lawyer—'You say you made an examina tion of the premises. What did you find ?' Witness—' Oh, nothing of consequence. A beggarly account of empty boxes, as Shakes peare says.' 'Never mind what .Shakes peare says. He will be summoned, and can testify for myself, if he knows anything about the case.' IIEN'UY EXPLAINS She was waiting for him, Gathering her brows like gathering storm, Nursing her wrath to keep it warm. And when he entered the room she began, 'This is a nice time of night to ' 'I— er—hie—know I'm late,' he hastily inter rupted ; 'but I couldn't help it. my dear. Club had—er—big discussion on female beauty.' 'And what had you to do with that 1' demanded the ireful wife. 'More'n any one there. I was the one—er—who had the most beautiful wife, an'—er— 'course the best authority on female beauty, ar ' ' Why don't you take off your over coat, Henry ? Let me get your slippers for you. It's awful cold outside ; I think you must be half froze.' Half a minute later Henry was snugly ensconced in his easy-chair, with his wife at his feet putting on his slinners. didn't sef. the .toke. An uptown young man who is fresh to .1 degree that surpasses endurance, and who persists in talking all the time there is any night Iria't ~Teek"Euic[ met ^'girAron/'Hoston" Although the young man talks continually, he occasionally U3ts some very bad English. One fault is particularly glaring. He inva riably says 'I done it' for ' I did it,' and, as he is continually talking about himself, he makes this mistake many times in the course of an hour. He engaged the Boston girl in conversation, and told her some fairv talp about something or other that had happened to him. When he got through she ex pressed surprise that such a thing could happen, and asked him, ' Did you really do all that 1' 'I done it,' replied the young man proudly. Then he brai ched into another romance. This was even more startling than the first. The girl from Boston listened patiently, and, when he had finished, politely expressed ler great astonishment. ' Why,' she said, ' can it be possible that you did anything so wonder ful '!' 'That's what I done,' replied the young man, chucking out his chest as he made the remark. The great success of his two stories spurred him to other efforts, and he recited another condensed dime novel for the benefit of the girl from Boston. When he had finished, the girl S'dd, ' Oh, do you know, you remind me so strongly of Banquo's ghost ? 1 'You mean the ghost in the Shakespeare play 1' inquired the young man in a hesitating sort of way. ' Yes.' ' And why 1' ' Don't you remember what Macbuth said to him, ' Thou canst not say I did it.' And until this day the young man does not know why everybody laughed. 