LITERARY NOTES. A cheap edition ia being published by Longmans, Green; and Co., in their "Colonial Library," of the Short Studies on Great Sub ject* of Mr. J. A. Fronde. Messrs. George Robertson and Go. send as Vol. III. as a specimen. Mr. Froude is one of the most accomplished writers of Fngliah now living. He tells stories from history charmingly. If he has a peculiarity it is in being too fond of telling them, for he gives over-flowing measure. The reader who likes to absorb in formation in a leisurely and agreeable manner will not complnin of this prolixity in Mr. Fronde. .The "studies" consist of mis cellaneous papers written for reviews and magazines, and most of them firstpnblished so long ago that to the .present generation they should be-quite new. The volume before us opens with the fully-told story ot the Abbey of St. Albans, in Hertfordshire, a religious foundation which bos a history 1,000 years long, and whose ruins "convey a more imposing sense ot ancient magnificence than Melrose or Fountains or. Glastonbury." The town was originally Verulam, a military post on the great Roman road in the days of Nero. The Abbots of St. Albans were, on the wholes a bad lot, as the article fails not to show. In another paper Mr. Froude describes Borne incidents of the last days of the Roman republic introducing one or two of a social and romantic character. A third explains how the first Ctesars came to consider them selves gods. In a fourth paper the merits and style of the great satirist Lucian, the Greek precursor of Swift, are exemplified. There are nine articles in all. At a recent sale of the early editions of old books from the library of Mr. Birket Foster, some copieB of Shakespeare fetched good prices, viz.:—A first folio Shakespeare, im perfect, and sold with all faults, realised £255; first collected edition of Will Shakespeare's poems (.1640), £40; quarto, Shakespeare's " Midsummer Night's Dream, large copy, £122; quarto, Shakespeare's " Merchant of Venice," £146; quarto, first part of " Sir John Oldcastle, £41; quarto, " King Lear," headlines of one leaf cut into (1608), £100, G. Daniel's copy, and sold at his sale for 28 guineas ; " History of Henry the Fifth," quarto, £51; second folio Shakespeare; " £56; third folio Shakespeare, £130; fourth folio Shakespeare, £25. When Lord Coleridge was at the bar, says The Times, his practice for many years was not extensive, and he who had in herited the literary tastes and aptitude of his family had plenty of time to contribute re views and other articles to the columns of the Guardian, the Quarterly, which his father had for a short time edited, and the Edinburgh. He bad a fluent, facile pen, and there was a time when he probably made as much as a rev iewer as he did from his practice at the Bar. Never was he more charming, simple, natural, and yet brilliant than in the company of the men of letters whom he knew and admired—Matthew Arnold, Newman, or Principal Shairp, for example. There has been a recent movement to dp away with the " grille " or metal Bcreen in front of the ladies'gallery in the House of Commons, an obstruction put up about 120 years ago to prevent lady strangers from being recognised by members. How they came to forfeit their ancient right to rain influence with their bright eyes upon the House of Commons is thus related in the memoirs of that body, by Townsend:— " An interesting debate had been foretold: (this was in 1778), and strangers attended in great numbers. Many ladies not having been able to obtain seats, it was ordered that the House should be cleared of the men strangers, which was done; when the ladies entered in such numbers as completely to fill both the galleries und the seats below the bar. At this moment of victory, a member, irritated by the expulsion of some gentlemen for whom he bad procured places, insisted that the House - should be cleared of all strangers. The enforcerpent of the standing order was a matter of course. Bat the officers found their duty of turning out the fair intruders no easy task ; a violent and determined resistance was offered to them, and for nearly two hours the House was kept in a state of the most extraordinary ferment and commotion. Ever since this singular scene females have been rigorously excluded from the House. The only relaxation of the prohibition was the practice, introduced a lew years since (m^th? forties of the present century) of admitting a small number of ladies to a place called the Ventilator above the ceiling' through the apertures in Vbich they heard and saw very well, but moat in conveniently. Twenty-five tickets for this apartment were issued at night, by the Seigeant-at-Arms," .But the olosing.of the gallery did not keep the ladles out on all occasions in the days prior to the erection of the screen. "Ladies, who used to venture into the gallery of the Commons so openly that the Speaker compromised the gravity ot the Chair by declaring that he had espied petticoats, were, after their forcible expul sion, content to steal thither in disguise. Wraxall mentions that he has seen tbe Duchess of Gordon habiledaa a man sitting in the Strangers' Gallery. The beautiful Mrs. Sheridan was attractedto its precincts in similar disguise by the charm of bee hnsb&nd;'s oratory; the sole justification that could be urged for each an intrusion in masquerade. Ih criticising ike collection of-abort stories published by Ma.'Sarah' Grand, since he* full-sized novel obtained aueh a sale, Ths Times says" The author of Ths Heastnl# Twins cannot keep King Charles's head out of the memorial. The two leading stones of Our Mangold Jfalure (HMnemann) would temofe enjoyable if they were; pot so obviously intended jbo .prove Mrs. (brand's peculiar tbwriee about the ««cesr Proof**: the sort: which consists 'in "" si'sssffS* can only be Justified to the assumption that as a general rule mothers deliberately train tbeir daughters to-be ShallOwWhtidings, and that unsophisticated young women are, wan everyday occurrence, given in marriage to tainted route. AH this seems to moet people merejnirage; and fiction in which the New Woman, like *he Lady in Comus, is repre sented as putting to conftraion the eensuol ront of satyrs nailed Man, is too little in correspondence with the facts df life to excite any ieeling but amused curiosity." Thaokbrat, says Mr. Sala, in his Recol lections, " was one of the .most delightful conversationalists it was pesslble to imagine. There were very few subjects indeed on which he could not talk, and talk admirably. He was as fluent in the French and in the German as in the English language. He had, 1 should say, a fair knowledge of Italian. He was never tired of discussing about books and bookmen, about pictures and painters, about etchers and engravers ana litho graphers ; and, moreover, lie was a born wit and a brilliant epigrammatist." " To taUcto Dickens," proceeds Mr. Sala, " was a vastly different thing from talking to Thackeray. The author of Vanity Fair was a master of anecdote, pertiflaye, and repartee ; he was a varied and fluent linguist ; he was a lover and practitioner of art; he was saturated with seventeenth and eighteenth century literature, both French and English, and he could hold his own with such masters of con versation as Abraham Hay ward and Richard Monckton Milnra (Lord Houghton), and witli such a formidable epigrammntist-and wit as Douglas Jerrold. Dickens, on the other hand, seldom talked at length on literature, either of the present or tlie past. He very rarely said anything about art; and for what is usually termed ' high-art' 1 think that he had that profound contempt which is gene rally the outcome of lack of learning. What he likedtotalk about was the'latest new piece at the theatres, the latest exciting trial or police case, the latest social craze or social swindle, and especially the latest murder and the newest thing in ghosts. He delighted in telling short droll stories, and occasionally indulging in comic similes and drawing waggish parallels. He frequently touched on political subjects—always from that which was then a strong Radical point of view, but wbicih at present 1 imagine would be thought more Conservative than Democratic; - but his conversation, I am bound to say once for all, did not rise above the amusing common places of a very shrewd, clever man of the world, with the heartiest of hatred for shams and humbugs." Ik his time Mr. George Augustus Sala has met some humorous money-lenders:— "Somewhere in a street off the Strand, between Waterloo-bridge and the Adelpbi, there flourished, when I was quite a young man, a facetious usurer whom 1 will call Mr. Thorough—he did things so very completely. He had a front office and a back office, the last bis own private sanctum, which was, so far as I recollect, devoid of any furniture except the bureau at which he sat, cm iron Bafe, a couple of chairs, and a banging book Blielf, on which reposed an Army List, a Navy ■ List, a Clergy List, and Boyle?* Court Guide.1 His humour was peculiar. When you called; upon him with some stamped paper which yon were anxious to get discounted, his first proceeding was to unlock a drawer, take out j his cheque-book, flourish it in your sight, re-1 place the book in the drawer, lock it, and j then, putting his hands in his pockets, cheer fully address you in this wise—' Well, my bud:; and what might you want with me?' You replied that you wanted a bill discounted. Impossible 1 There was no money in London —absolutely no money in London. ' Still,' he would continue on bang further pressed, ' there will be no harm in taking just a peep at the young 'on. Has she cot the name of the Governor of the Bank of England on her back?" Soke of the London papers have published short obituary notices of Dr. Charles H. Pearson. The Spectator, with whose editor Dr. Pearson was long intimate, is angry with them for not saying more. By the way, itj rails him Mr. Pearson. ' Mr. H. A. Strong, some years ago professor of classics in the Melbourne University, thus writes" in the Academy:—"He was a most indefatigable worker his whole life long. He had a most marvellous memory and a most rapid power of generalisation Horn the long array of fads and precedents which marshalled themselves spontaneously before hip mind when called upon to pronounce judgment He was a pro found classical scholar, but his knowledge of modem literature, English as well as Conti nental, was equally remarkable. He was acquainted with most of the modem European languages, and enjoyed Ibsen and Gogol in the original no less than Viotor Hugo and Goethe. As a newspaper writer he distin guished himself by the possession of a most earnest and trenchant style,, which he was able at will to vary with the moat racy banter. His conversation was always striking and fascinating. His manner seemed at first Bight somewhat cold, bnt his unruffled ex terior concealed the warmest and truest of hearts. . . . I cannot help thinking that his latter days were rendered somewhat sad by a conviction—which never vented itself in words—that demooracy, as he had,keen it, was more or less of a failure. . . . But u his ideas were to sotae extent coloured by pessimism, this was never allowed in any tray to dull his eagerbess 'for doing good to the utmost of his ability." 'What Mr; Strong considers a merit was In reality a defect in Dr. Pearson. r He " gene ralised most sweepingly (contrary to the wise canon laid down by the ablest men of science) from scraps and fragments of facts. His National Life and Character la made most entertaining by the abundance of its illustrations. " all the breath and the bloom"of the readingof a lifetime; bat as a forecast it iaa failure, and it is so owing to the haste and hurry of the writer's efforts to build stupendous theories on incidents accidentally and arbitrarily brohght together. Dr. Pearson ought to have given himself entirely to magazine Jlteratnre, but bis ambi tion in Victoria was to shine as a politician, an ambition as mistaken as that of the comedian who wants to play Hamlet, or the man of the library who craves to make history by acting it. In Australian oolitics, he was never in the game alongside of the common, every-day, superficial, yet practical memberof Parliamen t'Mr.Strongs description of his newspaper writlngwlllbe accepted on all hands as correct Dr. Pearson had an admirable literary style - < Two popular errors about journ&Sam; are exposed by . Mr. Sola—one thsttobepb]efto introduoe numerous Ulustrations Snto an Article indicates a good memory, flit other veil known that Mr. Bala baa an immense collection of works of raferanoe, and Moat during (he wbbleof his life it has" been his writ to etore sv material for UlgatotilMb Over andovar again hare I been congratu lated on the pomeetton of an exceptionally [ Trtentiye memory. Thnvenosuchglft; and '■were 1 endowed with it, 1 shouldtake the observation that my memory was phenomen ally retentive not as a compliment, but as an insult; because -the being credited with a [ marvellously good memory amounts, in my opinion, to an obscure implication "and -insinuation -thatauohifcnowledge of books as your writings display is due not to systematic and indefatigable study on your put, but to the mere faetthat your abnormally retentive memory has -enabled you to retain '-the Icontents of works at which you have only briefly and casually glanced." And when Mr. Sale has a leader to write he has 2,000 volumes at hand to consult " Then there are shelves full of dictionaries and polyglot vocabularies, grammars, pro vincial word books, and the like. There ore shelves full of books about horses; a>»out Napoleon I. and his dynasty; about Wel lington and Napier. There is s complete I cookery library, full of culinary manuals in I a dozen tongues from the time of Queen Elisabeth to our own day; there are shelves devoted to law, to inventions and mechanics, to fine art, and to bric-a-brac ;«nd I declare, that, in the course of every week, my un fortunate amanueriBis is called upon to fetch and carry dozens of volumes, new and old, and turn up passages in them in order that I may be sure, humanly speaking, that I am not making glaring mistakes in that which 1 write." The Saturday fteviao has an article re calling the golfing feats of the Stuart Kings and others in times gone by. There is the well-known picture by Sir John Gilbert re presenting Charles 1. playing golf. The ordinniy legend is that when he heard of the Rebellion he was playing golf at Leith, threw down his blub, and gave up the bole. IrVodrow, however, no .partial friend, avers that King Charles played his game oat like a man, but gives no news as to whether he won or not. His elder brother Henry was a golfer, and bis father's clubs (his father was James VI. and I.) were preserved during the present century in a house in Perthshire. Henry died young, and history says little oi Charles's form; but his son, the Duke of York (later James II.) was a first-class amateur, and played in a celebrated pro fessional foursome; or had a professional, rather, for his partner. Of his son's golf little or nothing is known, but PriBce Charles played in the Borghese Gardens, and probably found myrtles and roses very tough hazards. Even the Covenanters were keen golfers, and the Rev. Mr. Blair oonld not keep club-making out of his sermons, while others compared the Christian's "course" to a match in which the Devil commonly plays the two more. The well known bunker called " Hell" was probably so named by the Rev. Samuel Rutherford, that flower of the Kirk who never could carry it from the tee ; hence the violence of his language—rfor you got into the whins, then, if you tried to keep to the right, on your way to the Elysian Fields. Had Banyan been a St. Andrew's man we might probably have had an allegory of the "Christian Golfer's Progress," but Bedford is an inland county, and Bunyan swore terribly at tip-cat. In a bunker be would have been very j edifying. JtK elaborate practical joke was once played on Mark Twain by some fellow- writers in America. Mr. George W. Cable was the i ringleader. Knowing that Mark had a horror of the autograph-hunter, he arranged with a couple of hundred persons to write for autographs on the 1st of April. Some of the petitions were very funny. Colonel John Hay asked the humourist to copy out a few hundred lines from Young's " Night Thoughts," and a few hundred more from Pollock's "Course of lime;" Mr. T. \V. Knox, in execution of a Royal commission, j craved 900 autographs for the children of the King of Siam ; Mrs. Fiske called him " Mr. Clements" (which he detests), and asked for 160 for a church fair ; while Mr. R. U. John son applied on behalf of "a lame boy whose mother has interested him in things spiritual hy encouraging him to make an autograph album to be raffled for at a fair, the proceeds to go to the Society' for the Suppression of Toy Pistols." - Mb. T. Skaooubr's Ttodve Bad Men gives is an interesting peep at the life of the iotorious libertine Colonel Francis Charteris, rho flourished in the early part of the| ighteenth century. Landing at Harwich penniless, heput up at the beat inn and ordered a good fire to be'lighted in his bed room. He dined sumptuously in the bedt of spirits, condeeoetadingly inviting the landlord ] to share in his .potations. In the morning when Charteria wished to rise the landlord wae loudly summoned to his room, and was made. acquainted with the fact that his guest's breeches had disappeared in the night, moreover, in the pockets of the wearing garment were sixty guineas and a valuable .gold watch. A tailor was. promptly sum moned, and enabled Charteria to face the world again, and publicly threaten the direst vengeance on the landlord. His house was evidently a den ofthieves, and would be henceforth ruined, and he must forthwith accompany Charteria before a magistrate. The terrified Innkeeper, anxious to save the reputation of his house, was finally allowed toroakegoodihe loss, and Charteria, some what mollified by restitution, paid his bill j like a gentleman, and proceeded on his way. Hehad burnt his breeches in the night. 