Greenroom Gossip. " Beauty and the Beast " has at length gone the way of all pantomimes. But though the stage of the Lyceum is destined to present other and, perhaps, more sensa- tional spectacles, nothing so rich in charm and enchantment as this departed dream of sight and sound can possibly be witnessed there. The memory of the many ludicrous and amusing incidents which the panto- mime contained must dwell for many a day in the minds of its beholders like the sweetness of the vanished grape on the palate of the epicure. Nellie Stewart, Madame Bartho, and Mr. Lauri have each thrown aside their glowing presentments, and have reluctantly returned to earth. They have quitted their land of bright colors and merry romance, perhaps never to return to in this or any other country. " Beauty and the Beast " being over and done, must be considered the greatest financial, as well as artistic, success of the season. Of the many thousands of plaj goeis in Sydney, it is safe to say that few indeed have failed to witness the vanished pantomime. The possibility of doing so now is no longer existent, for " Beauty and the Beast" have made their final bow and gone their several ways. The new presen- tation which the Lyceum is about to afford consists of a journey round the world, with all the wild and wonderful incidents with which such journeys are popularly supposed to be replete. " Current Cash " is the drama running at the Royal. Although not without powerful parts, the elements have not happily com- mingled to make this play an artistic success. Here the ancient stage villain and the not, less antique stage hero, with his mighty voice and heroic syllables, have been resuscitated to play their old parts in a new plot. The story is of a deeply romantic type, and but that the dialogue is in parts uneven, it in no sense lacks the power of exciting interest. Captain Milton, the hero of the drama, is sentenced to death for having struck his superior officer in a moment of passion. Ere the hour of execution arrives, the delinquent summons the villain of the piece, Major Gordon Challis, and sets him to work at drawing a will. By the will Milton settles £10,000 a year upon his wife and child. The subtle Challis, however, draws the will in his own behalf, and succeeds in defrauding the right- ful inheritors. The facility with which this piece of villainy is operated gains rather than loses in probability when Afghanistan is mentioned as the scene of its enactment. The principal personages in the play then return to England, amongst them being Captain Milton, who, strange to say, sur- vives the erratic aim of his executioner. In England Challis reveals the full depth of his vileness by persecuting the wife and daughter whom he has already robbed. The drama runs on this way till, in a moment of sensational climax, the villain is exposed, the captain pardoned, and the happiness of life restored. As Captain Milton Mr. Hayman is admirable, his acting being full of power and strength. Miss Daisy Thynne makes a delicate and lovely Delia, and Mr. "Willard a dark, uncompro- mising Major Challis. The drama is well worth seeing. In " True as Steel " Mr. Rignold seems, with singular good luck, to have magnetised the public taste. The fortunes of the hero and heroine-strange and startling as they be-are followed by the audience with an amount of interest and sympathy that would hardly be advanced if the trials and suffer- ings were part and parcel of real life. As has been asserted, the introduction of the industrial problem may have much to do with the success of the drama. To invest every-day events with wild and startling accessories is to render them more deeply interesting than the wildest, most romantic, and improbable of stories. The great foundry, with its furnaces and flame, al- though an every-day sight, seems robed in a species of strange enchantment by its appearance on the stage. The rushing mill wheel, with its suggestions of old-time power, and its sad and sweet association with all that is frail and tender in humanity, touches one strangely in its new position, and above and around these things one sees the cunning, and the strength, and the courage of the human heart working out their appointed ends by devious ways, and filling in the warp and woof of life with fabrics-sometimes bright as gold and often dull as lead. Last Saturday night a number of rowing men attended the play at the special invitation of Mr. Rignold, and at the conclusion of the drama accorded that hos- pitable gentleman three ringing cheers. Those who have not seen " Charley's Aunt," and the inimitable Mr. Thornton, have felicity beyond measure in store for them. What Keats called " Bursting Joy's grape upon his palate fine " is a nightly oc- currence with those who attend this merry comedy. One has only to chance in on a Criterion audience to recognise the almost immeasurable fountain of laughter which underlies even the most stolid and serious i humanity. The laughless and the sad are there an unknown .quantity. From the lifting of the curtain to its final descent, joy dances continuously in bright eyes and on red lips. At the theatre doors the pale ghosts of trouble wander hither and thither watching and waiting, for they have no power to enter and affect the happy mortals from whose bosoms laughter has ruthlessly ejected them. Seven weeks of merriment have fled since the happy comedy made its appearance, and yet it. seems as fresh and ludicrous as evpr. Each night the theatre is thronged with new faces, waiting to be amused, and seemingly the set stream of theatre goers knows no diminution. But though the play lacks in no minutest degree the fullest public patronage, the manage- ment has nevertheless decided that it must go. In all probability a new presentation will occupy the Criterion stage next week, and if it be even half as funny as the comedy it succeeds, the public will have good reason to congratulate itself. Mr. Rickards at the Tivoli has a genius for securing the very best talent of the country. Scarcely a week passes in which he does not introduce some new minstrel to the frequenters pf this theatre. Last week proved no exception to this almost invari- able rule, as he suddenly and swiftly paraded Miv Slade Murray before'the eyes of his delighted audience. Mr. Slade Murray's accomplishments are known from the Pacific to the Indian Ocean, and those who attended the Tivoli on Saturday night were delighted to be able to welcome him back to Sydney. Mr. Slade Murray, with characteristic power, rendered three songs "When the Missus is Out," "The Poor Publican," and " I Didn't Like to Mention it." He was warmly applauded, and a long and vigorous attempt to recall him was made. . Miss Florrie Forde appeared twice, in " The Statue " and " Two Little Hearts." In each of these she met with a generous reception. Miss Emmie Morrison was widely applauded for her sympathetic rendering of two airs-" Would You Do It " and " In the Diary." The pro- gramme contained a new item - " The Golden Summer Time " - in which Misses Sherwood, Norman, and Meotti took part. Messrs. Delohery, Craydon, and Holland were graceful and effective in a song and dance. Messrs. Pope and Sayles were also provocative of great merriment in their comic vocalisation. Professor Beau- mont and the Misses Beaumont and Vane gave another of their tank exhibitions. Miss Amy Sherwood in her song and dance, the " Jolly Jockey," Miss Lilian Stanbridge in " I Love You in Spite of All," and Messrs. Glen ville, Holland, and Jones were awarded enthusiastic applause. -:-A 