THE PLANTER'S HOTEL & PREMrIScr-CE OF THE OLD ST. Loum HOUSE. " o the old Planters' Hotel has had to :los ?ip at last," said a gray-haired St. Louis merchant in an up-town cafe the other night as he read the despatch to that effect in the Tribune. "That's one of the old landmarks of St. Louis gone. I wonder what they'll do with it now. It seems only the other day when the build inc of it was begun with much ceremony; tI,..h i when you come to think of it that was over fifty years ago, and the centre of the town was down in the river district then, and we thought it was going to stay there. But it couldn't. Every thing goes west, even St Louis, and not all the.<ttractions of fine rooms -and a a generous table could keep the travel ling patrons, or the local ones, either, loyal to the', o.l ',,:se. That hotel, sir, is c;lsely 'L-o?ociated with all the stirring ,'.iident.. "f the city's history. Around it ean; ali the, memories on which your 'oldest inhabitant' loves to dwell, and Charles Dickens immortalized it in his 'American Notes,' by calling it, I be lieve, the best hotel in the country, or, at least, 'a most excellent house.' Many's the merry night I've spent there, and many a good story has been told about the old house, its inmates and its patrons, which are not so true, perhaps, as amus ing. "S• t Lotlis had a sort of epidemic of spiritual;lism some years ago," continued the talker, "and one of the negro porters about the Planters', a smart fellow with somewhite e lood in him, used to work on the feelings of the other boys so much by his talk on the subject that he had most of them: pretty hadly scared. He pre ten'lded to be a medium- himself; and word of it came to the ears of the proprietor, who called him up one day sand told him lie must stop talking such nonsense to the other porters or get out. "?If you're fool enough to believe is it yonsel:tl which I don't believe you do,' said Alr.'H- , 'I won't have you scaring tlhe other boys.' "'Lln','t .go far to scah 'em, Mistah H~- ' says the boy. 'They allus askin' miu' bout it, and I can't help bein' er iuej.uin,; noihow." "'You a mnililum,' said Mr.' H- , lNiu't talk l cilu rot to me, boy. Hoiw did you tiil out you're a medium 1' "'' T kiniion some mysterious things, sah,' sail the .darkev. 'I kin make a bell ring 'thiunt toutclhii t.' "*(;.o alow. hoy,' said Mr. H- ; " doii't.tell I,?- -,tay of your lies.' L 'Bet --.u my next week's wages '.ram.st a tenl dol!ah bill I can, Mr. H-. Bet 'yoaI can set a dozen of dem call bells' "dere ajingling 'thout ever touchin one ob dem.' ' Well. I'll take you up, boy,' said Mr. H- , 'bus don't try to beg your wages p.m'tar you've lost them, for you won't get t.hn-m Now goabaad. Begin the seance. Sueim-.rm the spirits Stand back, boys, or the ghosts may get their long fingers in youri wool.' This to a group of the other porters who were half grinning and half quaking in expectation. "The smartdarkev irnmmediately stepped into a littlecmphoard under the stairway \--t was about nine o'clock in the even ing-took off his white jacket, stooped down amnd lid ' col nthing, we coumld not see i'hat. of crurse, and then stepped, for ward, keeping his eyes on the Iells, and waving his arltn,' at them, jablbering some thing mitendle for an impressive iuoauta tilo. In about ajitffy a score of the bells were jiwnmling like mad. The darkey grabbed thle ten-dollar bill he had won, from the hanrls of the stakeholder, and Mr. H- said rather angrily : "'Now stop their colnounded noise, can't you. quick !' :' 1 ain't mejum nuff yet to do dat, sah,' s-ail thes lnarkey with a a grin. "J u.t thel. a flurious guest cane bound ing town staoirs, shouting, ' What's the gas turmnl oif for in this outrageous way, upstailr s1 "' Stop that black rascal!' yelled Mr H-, as the negro 'mejum' made a break for the back entrance, buh he was gda? before any one could catch him. The :&cijp; had turned off the gas from the a-oer part of the house, and it took a deal of trouble to go aronnd to all the rooms and habut off the burners before the gas could be turned on again and rm Sihted." - 