LOOK OUT. Look out down tnar, I'm about to shoot. -Yankee Poet I IT seems very hard indeed that a skilled mechanic, an engineer, should have to meet such terrible reverses of fortune in a land of plenty like our own, so that out of cemployment, his furniture seized for rent and himself and family so reduced to the utter most extreme of poverty that there was only a handful of sago in the cupboard between them and starvation. 1 There is something touching in the story of how the man would not have t the sago cooked until the children h would be home to partake of the last h meal available, and how, when it was nearly ready and he was called to have his share, he said there would be one r mouth the less to feed, and went and hanged himself in the outhouse rather h than divide the scanty meal with his 0 starving children. It would be some- s thing sublime if told 9f some old G?ecia,, or Edinan heed;-and -might have been embalmed in immortal verse by historiaens of that period, but the fact still remains that in this prosaic c age, such an act becomes one of the 1i greatest deeds of moral cowardice of which a man could be guilty of. Gr rited, that there was only material ti for one very insullicient meal for the di wife and children and lihe saved a small r" extra share by his suicide-' one less s mouth to feed." What about the d, next morning, next day, next week, ii next year? He was, so far as is known the only bread-winner for the family. B When he could not or did not earn or pl get, fell into starvation, anl he leaves at them by suicide to starve and die by st degrees of slow starvation, long spun * out, while he seeks the refuige of ti suicide. I can estimate the husband and father's despair, and the 'ash, mad w act of self destruction to get rid of the Sr trouble, the fact that he had no food to i give those dependent upon him, but I really cannot fully appreciate his n running away from the difficulty of time positi-n by leaving those he loved in a tenfold greater mnisery and help- G lessness. One would have thought be he would have rather bogged, robbed, m stolon, placed his own life in jeopardy or even fortified it by some breach of si the laws, which alPow him to starve p with his family and die, rather than steal the loaves n'cessary for their b sustenance. If he had been hanged b for mur?.hr under such circumstance;, or sentenced to life impri-onment for in hurglary of somn. rich mansion to ob- st tain food for his starving family, thte public purse would have been opened ti and subscriptions started to provide U for the helpless one for wh 'm he had broken the law, He only ran away from his trouble-out of the world by suicide, leaving them all helpless it and hopeless. The conservative well- b to-do world might say : " Why should they exist? They are not producers i of tho world' weaolth. -"Lot -th m- die of:." [Since I:he above was written a nearly £100 has been collected for the unfortunate widow an family.-En. I.] I have read of a couple of brothers who had made up their minds that I life was not worth living for, but knowing the French law that th, property of suicides was confiscated to Ii the state, and wishing to save their N estates for their wives, got up a mock b quarrell over the dining table, went up to the parapet and in presence of t the guests had a duel with pistols, both understanding the agreement that whether wvonded or not, they were both to fall off and be killed by the fill. The properties were saved for the famalics. There is no moral to this tale. Writing of the recent ceremonial s consecration of the new. bishop of Grafton and Armadale, the Age says of the services, " If the truth be told, its length and formality contributed to weariness. Evidently the original compilers of the service conceived the idea ot making the episcopate evolu tion (from an arch-deacon) as gradual as possible, for it took over two hours and the same number of retirementu to the vestry (to dress) before Dr. Green finally emerged in all the radiance of his white and ermine robes." It might be added that it took over 100 clergymen and six bishops, besides a grand procession of dignitaries in all their glory of canoni cals, of which Solomon never dreamed, to commence with, before the final laying on of hands was entered upon. This, which seems to be the principal feature of the whole proceeding, and altogether apart from the dressing and uudressing only took a few moments to accomplish, and yet was repugnaut with meaning to those who think, as a travestie of the selection of an apostle in the.place of Judah Iscariot, the only account we have so far as I know, of a cerimonial in the early church. These eleven men, fishers, tax-gatherers and such like, lhad the devine authority to lay on hands and with power to say: " Receive the Holy Spirit," which consecration was (so far as I can read) followed immedi ately by gifts more or less miraculous. It seems to me to be even worse than a travestie of the simpleo act; of the Apostles to find such an intricate cumlersome ceremonial. robing pro cession and all that, followed up by the laying on of hands and the solemn word': "Receive the Holy Ghost," uttered by a number of men (however good they may be) who know beyond all doubt they have no more power than I have to bestow on any other the Divine Grace which they themselves may not possess, and cer tainly have not the power to impart. If the Arch-deacon had not the "unction from above" before he was made a bishop, can any reasonable man believe for a moment that a number of fallible men--no better or no worse than he--could confer what they did not possess themselves. Let I us see the conclusion and "by their fruits ye shall know them." The new Sbishop preached in the grand cathed ral, that monument in stone of money, sorely wanted at present to keep body and soul togetner, and in conclusion, "he appealed to those present to con itribite -:s. liberally as they could, k toward the fuid for building a bishop's y residence in`Gxafton end Aimadale,l? There were only thirty clergymen in a territory of 70;000 square miles, con sequently they wanted a bishop who wanted a saitable bishop's residence (palace) first so that the work for evangelising that 70,000 square miles might be efficiently carried on. One might have profanely thought that instead of a bishop, thirty additional clergymen were more wanted who could divide his screw between them and live-not in palaces but in such dwellings as their flocks did, would be of much greater service. It is solemn faces like those referred to which show how utterly out of touch the church is with the masses. 