The Savings Bank and the State Bank. For some time past determined efforts have been made to sccure a veto from the present depositors in the Savings Banik en the proposal of the Government to utilize the machinery of the Savings Bank in accordance with the provisions of the State Ad- vances Bill. The result of these efforts was that petitions from 1558 out of 80,000 depositors in the institution were presented in the House of Assembly on Tuesday. Almost every member had a petition, 42 altogether putting an appearance. Petitions as a rule do not indicate anything in par- ticular more than energetic canvassing, and the number of petitions presented shows that a wide canvas of the colony has been made by the oppo- nents of the measure. At the same time a good deal of correspondence has been carried on through the columns of the daily press principally from the pen of Samuel Tomkinson and other representatives of the National Defence League. Samuel Tomkinson, who is the type of Conser- vatism of a half century ago, has played a useful part in the economy of South Australia as a mile stone by which democratic advance could be measured. He was not remarkable as a politician, but has been a good mile stone—solid and immovable. Having served many years with banking institutions, he may be regarded as an expert in pri- vate banking—a specialist in a class of disease, so to speak—and his opin- ions on that class are liable to be listened to with respect. He con- tends that when the present good mortgages held by the Savings Bank mature under the proposed State institution, the mortgagors will pay them off and look for required advances from private capitalists. Why they should do this is incompre- hensible. Tlie man who wants money goes to the place where he can get it cheapest just as he goes to the lowest market for his "tea, soap, tobacco, gin, etc.," to use the humble phraseology of a recent State docu- ment, and the mortgagor will accept the greasy paper of a solvent pork butcher with the same avidity with which he will serve a crisp bank note. If the State makes advances at 5 per cent., while outside firms charge 5½ per cent., the suitor will go to the State, for trade competition, which is broadly speaking an unmitigated curse and is responsible for half the woes of civilization, drives everyone to the cheapest market. Under the condition of things proposed where the State simply stands as a "broker between two principles," and takes from the lender to give to the borrower at a margin which only covers the cost of the transaction competition will be abolished, for no sane man or country competes with himself or itself. The principal objection to the new system, however, appears to be that it will become a useful institution and will, under certain circumstances, lend money to "such as small farmers, graziers, and other persons engaged in various pursuits in the colony, and even to persons holding a lease from the crown with a right of purchase." That the small farmer requires money under any consideration appears to be looked on as the unforgivable sin among this class of N.D.L. financiers, although the only difference between a "cocky" and a "squatter" at present appears to be that one is going insolvent under the pressure of interest with liabilities of from £100,000 upwards, and the other is filing his schedule from the same cause with assets of £500 downwards. Also banking institutions have for years past lent money not only on R.P.A. leases but on ordinary leases. If the security is not sufficiently good for the investment of public funds it is not good enough for ordinary banks, and these latter having countenanced unsafe borrowing and lending on valueless securities should be proceeded against for the encouragement of financial prostitu- tion. It is contended that tenants of the crown being in arrears from in- ability to pay, will not pay interest on loans. In the first place tenants for the crown have been unable to pay up for two great reasons; they are overburdened with repayment of advances made to effect improvements at 8 and 9 per cent., and because they were induced to take up land at ruinous prices. In both these cases farmers could, with a fair show of justice ask for consideration from the State. In the second place no one has proposed as yet that the funds under the State Advances Bill shall be lent either to stone-broke "squat- ters" or to insolvent "cockies" and the howl is premature. That there is danger in the new proposal is undoubted but there is danger in every new movement, and the propossd system offers less chance of disaster than that on which the country has been run for the the past half century. With money raised and expended in the colony there is no possible chance of leakage, and the only direction in which ruin can come is in the under- taking of valueless works with the funds, when eligible, unencumbered securities become scarce. The country having wasted its capital in unrepro- ductive works would not be able to raise interest and would have there- fore to go without it. Under the system of the past, public loans and private capiial from outside have been brought in and while they lasted railways were run into wildernesses, breakwaters were thrown out in places where the wharfage barely paid for paint on the harbormaster's residence, and fences and water improvements were put on land where the mortgage was the only thing raised, and now the country having lost its money or unremunerative works has not only to weep over the loss, but to find the funds somewhere to pay up interest and repay the principal. And the only way to find those funds is to establish an institution which will prevent further borrowing and give the population of South Australia time to draw its breath and get ready for the struggle that lies before it when its loans will mature. And that breathing space would be provided by the State Advances Bill which ap- parently has no ghost of a chance to get through for a few years because the consolidated fat of the province sees in it the greatest advance made towards the extinction of the land- boomer and the encouragement of a class of landholders who will find in production and not speculative hold- ing the incentive towards the occupa- tion of the land. WYRIE BAND OF HOPE.—A very pleasant evening was spent on Monday evening last, when a social in connection with the above was held. The president presided over a very large audience. A good programme was gone through, consisting of songs by Mr. Richards and Miss M. Nitschke, a duet by Misses E. Vorwerk and L. Nitschke, a violin solo by Mr. R. Bowering, recitations by Misses Cock, Hawke and Thompson and Master H. Osborne, and a dialogue entitled "Drink and Gambling" was splendidly carried out by Misses Hutchesson and Agnew and Messers. Slater, Whennen, Agnew, Bonehain did Hutchesson, each one taking their parts in a most able manner. At the close of the meeting refreshments were handed around. The proceeds are in aid of enlarging the Church, which is greatly needed. THE BANK OF AUSTRALASIA.—The half- yearly meeting of the Bank of Australasia was held in London on the 4th of October. The balance-sheet to the 16th of April then presented the proprietors was a most satisfactory one, and fully keeps up the bank's reputation for strength and conservative management. The immedi- ate available resources (including specie, bullion, Government securities, cash bal- ances, and ioans at call and at short notice in London) amounted to no less a sum than £4,819,043 10s. 2d., over 32 per cent. of the total liabilities. The Chairman (Mr. Edward W. T. Hamilton) made an interesting speech, dealing with the affairs of the colonies and the bank in a comprehensive and able manner. He al- luded to tlie relief likely to be afforded to producers by the prospects of cheaper money, both deposit and advance rates being in course of reduction; and ex- pressed confidence that the present wave of depression would be succeeded ere long by a return to normal activity and pros- perity. A dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum was declared, and the meeting broke with mutual congratu- lations. [ADVT.] THE TANTANOOLA TIGER.—The awful stories circulated lately respecting the depredations of the "tiger" have resulted in the arrival of a black tracker as an adjunct to the ordinary police force. He has been in Millicent for a week past but as yet no demand has been made for his services. The officer in charge of the station, M.C. Meischel, has requested anyone who can secure any reliable evidence on the "tiger" to communicate with him, but there seems no present danger that a riot will happen anywhere in the vicinity of the police station on account of a mob demanding admission to give information which will lead to the arrest of the animal. The heart-breaking roars which, as alleged by correspondents, have astonished the residents of Tiger- ville lately are set down as the work of a family of notorious jokers, who keep a bullock's horn with the end sawed off planted in the back garden and provide a sensation with this infernal machine when there is no dog fights going on, or when the town is generally depressed. CONCERT.—The concert given by the State school children in aid of their picnic is now just about booked as an annual function and its previous success ensures good support. The children have been trained under the superintendence of Miss Smidt for some time past and this year's entertainment will be given in the Institute Hall on Wednesday next. A varied programme has been arranged to be carried out by the children, and as the whole force of the school has been free- booting in the neighborhood for the past fortnight disposing of tickets, there is every prospect that the concert will not only worth listening to, and that a large be audience will put in an appearance. THE DROWNING FATALITY AT SOUTH- END.—Constant search for the body of Mrs. John Cullen, who was drowned last week while bathing at the South-End, has been kept up, but up to date no trace whatever has been found. On Wednesday last M.C. O'Brien visited the locality again and examined the coast in the vicinity, returning on Wednesday night. He took with him a quantity of dynamite which he exploded as near as possible to and around the spot where Mrs. Cullen disappeared, in the hope that the con- cussion would bring the body to the surface. There were no results, however. Sharks are very numerous in the neigh- borhood of Sweep Island where the accident occurred, and on Wednesday a party fishing there hooked about a dozen of them. There is little prospect now that the body will be recovered. A., H., & P. SOCIETY.—A meeting of the ladies interested in the effort to render financial assistance to the A., H., and P. Society was called for Saturday afternoon last, but owing to the small attendance nothing particular was done. Circulars are now being issued by the Secretary of the Society, and a vigorous effort will be made to enlist all the available energy in the district. WOOL.—The deliveries of wool this season at the railway station have been much larger than usual and altogether about 2,000 bales have been handled. The increase is due to the lowered freights on the railway line at stations beyond Millicent, which have resulted in a large part of the clip previously railed to market, or shipped at Port McDonnell coming down this way to be put aboard at Beachport. The shearing is now almost over and this week or next will see the end of it. EXCURSION TRAINS.—So far the delay of the train at Beachport on Wednesday evenings has made a considerable difference in the traffic so far as Millicent is concerned. On both trains since the initiation of the Wednesday excursions the carriage has been well filled when leaving this station and the Department cannot complain that any inconvenience it may be put to has not been recompensed by the revenue derived. THE HOLIDAYS.—As notified elsewhere, stores will be closed in Millicent on Christmas Day, Boxing Day, and Decem- 27th and 28th, and on New Years Day. The Beachport Regatta Committee has fixed the annual regatta at that place for Boxing Day, and the Millicent Oddfellows will hold their sports on Anniversary Day, December 28th. Beyond this no sports have yet fixed for the district, and a fairly large part of the population will probably migrate to Beachport for the holiday week. THE WEATHER.—Heavy rain fell in Millicent on Wednesday, beginning at 1 o'clock and continuing at intervals till yesterday, at which time one inch had been recorded at the post-office. Al- though the downfall was fairly general as regards the whole colony, it was very patchy round the district. Nothing appreciable fell between Millicent and Tan- tanoola and none at Rendelsham. The crops in the neighborhood, potatoes par- ticularly, were badly in need of moisture, but the grass is too far gone to be bene- fitted by it. Shearing is just about over so that no inconvenience to speak of will be felt in that direction. ELECTORAL REVISION COURT.—A re- vision court for the district of Victoria will be held at the Court house, Mount Gambier, next Wednesday, December 19th. A number of names of those who record their votes at Millicent are ob- jected to, and residents who still wish to hold their positions as "free and inde- pendents" provided they are qualified would do well to look up the matter. The names appear in the Government Gazette of December 6th, and attendance at the Court is required in order that the voter may swear that he not dead or otherwise disqualified. BEACHPORT DISTRICT COUNCIL.—An adjourned meeting of the Beachport Council was to have been held on Wed- nesday last, but owing to the fact that a quorum could not be obtained the meeting was adjourned a second time. The clerk has been instructed to issue notices for a meeting to be held next Wednesday. 