LOCAL AND DISTRICT B.D.A.H. and I. SOCIETY. A mooting of tho committed of tho Berrima District Agricul- tural Society 17.10 hold in tho School o! Arto, Bowral, on Monday last, r resent — Mcssro. M. Rice (ohnlr), G. George, J. E. Williams, T. Troy. jun„ J. Hooy, | J. Piggott, F. H. Throsby, and J. Yeo (hon. sec.) Apologi co woro reeeiecd from Mc?ors. F, R. Wil shire, H. C, Rose, N. H. Throsby, and I. S. Fonder. Correspondence from Mr. H. Folk desiring to bo removed from the lint of subsoriboro was recoived. A oironlnr lotter was read from tho Poultry Club of N.S.W., inviting ;tho cocioty to hold future shown under its rules, It advised that tho intention wao to encoaram a wider range of oxhibits, by do earring unquanuca paroons irom cxmoitrag. — Rocolvcd. Sir John Lackey (president) forwarded hia oub ceription for 1G94, £1 lo, and intimated hio willing ness to continuo tho thrco special prizes as hitherto. Ho offered to cend along SO huohclo of modern barloy for distribution, ond added that probably opocial prizes would bo offo.'cd for tho product of it at tho 1880 show. — The secretary wan instructed to convoy tho thanks of tho committee to 3ir John Lackey for hia nenerous support. Marshall and Co., Sydnoy. proposed to exhibit poultry at tho next nhov-\ — Tho secretary was in otruoted to obtain further particulars. Mr. Hooy offered a prizo of 10s 6d for a pon of fat merino sheep.— To bo thanked. Mr. M. R100 wao nominated for tho vacancy in tho ground troat, in tho placo of Mr. J. G.-Morrio, decoaccd. Tho Rub- committee's report wa3 presented; It stated that Mr. F. F. Throsby had consented to grant a renewal of the lease. Several clauses wero referred to tho cominittcco for discussion. The roport wao received. Mr. Yco, offered a prizo of £1 lo, ond Mr. Rico ono of 10s Cd. — It wao decided to award them ao first and second respectively for hc3t oxen bred and fattened in tho district. Mr. Williams suggested tho substitution of committeemen in tho placo of thoso otowardo who were not. Thero were too many stewards, some of whom did not attend to their duties ; conscqncntly too many freo lunches wero given. Tho chairman contended that no freo luncheons were given where tlioy were not desorved. Tho secretary stated that a great deal 'of atten tion had been given to tho appointment of tho stewaido tliia year. Tho numbor had been con siderably leducol, and particular notico had been taken of those who had neglected their work at previous shows. Tho oecrotary notified that unless £100 woro raiccd in memboro' nnberiptiono alono boforo tho ond of tho year tho society could not claim tho Qovornmont onbsidy, Up to date thoy had little moro than half that cum, and it wa3 absolutely necessary that members should pay thoir oubscip tions early, othorwiso tho oocioty wonld again drift into dobt. Wo regret to record tho death . The Late of Mr. Hugh Porker, which Mb. Hugh Parkeis took placo on Saturday last after a fei7 days illness. Tho decoasod who wao only 31 years of ago, was tho third son of Mr. R. Parker, of Cross Roado, who eamo to this distriot nearly 40 years ago, Tho dcccased was cngngod ao ono of tho road mainten. anco mon and died from pneumonia, and was interred in tho Bong Bong cemetery on Sunday oftornoon lost in tho picsenco of 0 largo concourso of people. Deceased wao a membor of tho Dr. Lang Protestant BonoGtSocioty and upwards of SO mombera of tho Sooioty proceeded tho hoarse in the funeral cortege, which was attended by about 40 vohicles and 35 horsemen. Tho funeral cervica wao conducted by tho Rov, W. A. Leech and Mr. J. Lansdowno, Chaplain of tho Dr. Lang Lodgo. Tho deceased leaves a wifo, (daughter of Mrs. S. Wcllio, Mosa Valo.) four ohildren, and a large number of relatives, including Mr. R. Parker tho esteemed ovcrcear of municipal works, to mourn thoir Iocs. Tho funeral arrangements wcro carried out in a satisfactory manner by Messrs, Taylor Bros., under tho personal ouporvision of Mr. Jamo3 Taylor, Wo nro informed that tho B2I Bunefit. moro Dramatio Club intend Performance. ' giving a beMoGt performanco in aid of tho widow and children of tho late Mr. Hogh Porker. Wo feol euro that thin generous action of tho memboro of the Bolmore Dramatic ' Club will meot with tho success it deserves. Tho club is a good ono, and thoy aro rare to givo a good porformanco, and wo look forward to ono of tho largest houGca ovor coon in Mosa Valo. Tho programmo will be advorticod shortly. A littlo boy, Joseph James . Sad Fatality. Whitloy, youngest con of Mro. Whitley, Button Forest, died in tho Cottago Hospital, Bowral, on Saturday laofc from lock iaw, cauced through a stick injuring hio cheok.: Twvdtcciecd woo 9 yearn of age, and wao buried in tho Church of England Cemetery, Sutton Forest, by tho Rev. E. 3. Willis on Sunday after noon in tho presonco of' about a l)ur,drcd persona. UpwardB of sixty . children of tho Sutton Forest Publfa Schooltormcd part of tho funeral cortege, Tho funeral arrangements! wcro carried out in an excellent mannor by. Meisra, Taylor Bros., under tjtlrar* j. MViqu Vnlrt. Wo aro pled to notico that Mr. Successful W, .G. Woolnougb, eldest con ExAniirATio:r. of tho Eov, -J. iycalnough. ' Wcsloyan ' Minister, lato of Bswral, has received tho silver modal for Geology in tho senior examinations in connection ulth too Sydnoy Univorolty hold some tlmo ago. His pan was a high ono, 4 A'a (Arithmetio. Geometry, Prigonometry, nnd Geology) and G B'a (English, Frcnoh, Latin, Algebra, Mechanics and Inorganio Chemistry.) During last month tho Rohort Robertson. 00a Dairy Co. recoived 51,000 gallons of milk yielding 22 000 lb of butter. SumilYorn ware ti.ald lOJd nnr Ih. fnr butter fat. Tho daily supply of milk is increasing. Mr. R. G. ^Forguenn tho lion. ceLo. . 0? tho Robortson Agricultaral Sooioty urges till onb ceribora to pay their subscription as early as possible, co that tho Govcrnmont oubsidy may bo coeurod at the end of tho yoar. Thoso fnondo desiriouo of giving opsoiol prizes nro requested to eommunicata with tho fcnn, nsc, Tho flrai crlekofc match of tho Cbioket. season will bo played on tho ohowground, Mobs Valo, on Saturday uojit between Moss Valo and Burrawang crickot clubs. Tho following hivo been choson to represent Mosa Valo Swhardeon, Freeman, Hornby, Snowdon, Wallaco, fflnfitgttJS), Elliott. VValker, Dr. Stovenson, ? \Vobb, Taj'lor, gnd I Landdowno. Play sprameneo ot So'cioos eberp. At tho request of tho Bov. W. Belmobe A. Leech, hon. oco. M.C.F.A. IflUHATlo Club, Leaguo tho Belmoro Amateur Dramatio Club rcproduccd tho four aot_ drama 'Saved, or a Wif-?o Poril' on Friday night Jaot In tho Centennial Hall to a fairly largo and &pproo;!ativo &txdlcnoo;« Thoro was a vast improvement noticeablo in tho way cacli ono carried nv,w,Jt Par,tfl' Messre. Aland, Hiordan. and Ephraim unstained their parta in a very highly and orcditablo manner and aro deserving of groat praiso. Mrt 1 andKloio Ephraim and Miss Mcintosh were also at their beat and wcro maoh applandcd. Ad on tho last oooasion tho casto of oharaotera wao Goorgo Fono, Mr. J. E. Ephraim; Hon. Augustus Oholmondoloy, Mr, Con'. Riordan I Rafael Di Rivola, Mr. E. Aland ; Hawkins, Mr, W, Adams ; Joseph, Mr. H. B. Maddon ; Luigi, Mr. M. Rosino ; Bcatnco Mro. Ephraim ; Trixy, Elsio Ephraim; Mro. Morrywoathcr, Miss Lillian uauai intermission 01 ten mtautca tho curtain roso and tho ontcrtainmcnt\7n3 conolndcd by a laughablo farco entitled *' Borrowed Plumeo,' which plcaood tho audienco Immoncoly, Mr. J. Ephraim lccoplng them in a Gt oflaughtor tho wholo timo. Tho parta woro oreditably carried out by tho following : — Mr. Botlicrby, Mr. J. Shaw; Horatio QaotavnoTattlotoD, Mr. T7i. Adamo, DicU|Mi2Zio, Mr. J. E. Ephraim : Violot, Mica L, Franklin ; Emma, Misa Robert*. Mr. Compton in hio usnal ofiacicnt mannor presided at tho piano, Wo rcgrot to otato that tho Bdbhino Fatahtv, young girl, Jano Ditton. who wao conously burnt on Tues day, 9th Inst., has succumbcd to tho injuries then, rcoeived. An inquest was hold on Tuesday after* noon boforo tho district coronor, A, D. Badgoryi. Esq., when, q vordiot of death from accldcn'.al bufning wao returned. ^ \--«!, wuo nas j;or | Reiioval. many y-jurj-wui«.ius ? .„J.'isiness in Mosa Vnlo, iiavinj^ 'deter- mined to romovo to Sydnoy, has instructed Mr. D. Clifford to poll by auotion to-morrow (Thursday) tho wholo of hio houcohold furniture and effect'?, Por cono_ commencing houcokccping or dcslrouo ot making additions cannot do bettor than avail thom I colvca of tbia opportunity. Tho goods for salo will bo found ennmorated in our business columns. Tho funoral of tho lato Mr. Mabulan. James Carter took placo at Marulan on Friday. Tho coffin was carried by tho Oddfollows from tho deooaaod'o lato residcnco to tho English Churoh, and after a portion of tho corvico had boon read by tho Rov. Mr. Shaw tho procession formed and proceeded to tho comotry at Old Marulan, whoro tho corvico wao concluded at tho gravo, Tho collin wao coverod with wreatho and crosses sent by sympathetic friends. Seldom has such o largo numbor, of per eons gathered togothor horo for any purpose, and it will bo gratifying to tho sorrowing relatives and friends to havo coon this hich mark of respdot paid to tho remains of him who was co much esteemed in lifo. Ovor 200 persons followed tho coffin to tho grave, A mooting of tho committeo Eholish Eleven, will bo held at tho Bowral School of Arts this (Wednes day) aftornoon. Ao tho business iB important a full attendance is requested. Wo regret to record tho death Bobradoo. of Mr. Henry Chapman, oen., which took placo at his resi dence, Burradoo, on Monday last, nged 56 years. Tho deceased wao well-known and much esteemed, having boon a resident of tbo Borrima distriot for a great numbei of ycaro. Ho has loft a widow and largo family. At tho polioo court on Thursday Kangaroo last beforo Messro. Nenbitt, Valley. Osborno, and P. Brydon, Js.P.. Thomas Young and Thomas Roland wero charged for assaulting each other in a publio plaoo on 25th Sopt. Tho former wao dis- j missed and tho latter was fined Ss nnd 4s lOd costs. Thomas and Georgo Roland, for using indecent language, wcro eaoh fined 5s and 4a lOd costs. W. Vallis, drank nnd using obscene languago in a publio placo, \i as finod 53 and 4s lOd costs for the first offcnco, and 10s and 4s lOd cost3 for tho language. Georgo Tate, jun., v. Th03. Nelson, illegal im pounding. This caso occupied tho court most of tho day, and after hearing soma vory contradictory ovidcnco a voriet wao given for plaintiff for 36a and £2 4s coots, Tho Oddfollows' sports camo off on tho Agricul tural showground on Thurbday, thoro boing a fair attondaneo. Tho day wao all that could bo desired. Mr. J. Hilcs, of tho Commercial hotol, had a publi- J can'o booth and luncheon on tho ground and seemed j to bo doing a fair business. Thero was also a fiuit ] otall on tho greound. Tho following programmo wan gono through : — Anniversary Handicapof £10— F. Kholer, I2ydo, 1, C. Chronborgor, 14yda, 2. — 17 started. Pony Raco, lot prizo Gont.'o Saddle, 2nd Gont.'o Bridlo— D. Lestrango'o Helena 1, G. Tate's Tiny 2. — 12 otartcd. Hack Race, lot prizo bridlo — J. Frederick's Dosoy, — 6 started. Handicap Trot, 1 mile — J Kirk, 200yds, 1, G. Tato 2. High Jump, 1st prizo £1. 2nd 10a — Swan's Gladius 1. Davis' Crazy Jano 2. Thoro were several races for toyo for tho children. Tho ball camo off in' tho National Hall tho came evening but was poorly patronised, no doubt through 0 heavy thundorstorm coming on about 7.30 p.m. and lasting till 10. Howovcr, about 20 couplo put in an tppearanco and dancing was kept up till 2 o'clock on Friday morning. xtio _jatwai_ iuiniotroi rroupo p.',id our littlo township 0 visit on Saturday night, and consider ing tho ohort timo thoy havo been amalgamated gavo a very ereditablo performance, which speaks woll in favour of their cnorgotio managor, Mr. J. Kirkman. A first-class programme wao gono through, iutcrporsod with come very laughable gayo from Messrs. C. James, S. Kennedy, G. Gray, and W. Bctton'o. Messrs. James and Konuedy aro to bo complimented on tho way thoy conducted them selves on tho corner, keoping tho audicnco ia roars of laughter from ntart to finish, Mr. A. Morton deserves great praico for his rendering of 'Mona,' for which bo received an imperativo recall, and complied with ' That ia love. ' Tho nost item wao a comic song 'Dandy Jim' by Mr. G. Gray, which wao gono through in firot-olacs otylo; Mr. G. Clarko followed with ' Only a Violot,' and wao vr»rv linnnw in ltt r* nnlonfinn. nnd vj»th rv liffln cultivation will no doubt provo a. valuable addition to tl'o tfoupe. Mr. R. Kennedy then amused tho auiileneo with 'Sussp Jane.' Mr, Kollay enlisted the sympathy of tho audionoo with tno way ho sang ' ICic3 me, e'er I go to olcop,' Tho first part wao brought to a final by choruses by tho company. ?Tho ce'cond part was composed of a very laughablo b injo sketch by Messrs. James, Gray and Morton, cutitlod tho 'Ghost,' Mr. W. Kennedy then rendered 'Across tho $rifcV find was ovidently quite ot lipiflo io tjramafio gestures, ejjd singing for an onchoro ho cang ' Truo till doatl),' tljo pro foriaarico was then brought to & plorp by an uproisrouo. farco entitled ''Tho Lnnatio Aoylum' by tho wholo of tho company. Tho rotum match between tho Kangaroo Valloy nnd Canjbor/wra Clnb.i too played on tho Ro orcation ground oa Qattjrday aftortjoqt) last, and rcstjucd in 0 cjray/, uotn leaijja ijcqwing a great .improvement in form- Cambowarra went to tho wickets first, and woro finally dismissed with 143 runo to their crcdit, of which total Mr. T'mrgato compiled 88 going *o tho wieket first and carrying hio bat through. Tho local team owing to'a lato start J7 op unablo to comploto their innings, tho otumps being -5rar/ff on tho fall of tho fourth wiokot fnv i-nnn. v/iifflfi mnnifThfinr* f?io litfTn nmnfinn otirloeai knightJ of tho \7ill0w fndulgo ir) was 0 7cry oreditablo porfornj'ueo. Tho usual fortnightly mooting WATTAljOLij-V of tho Pride of Wattamolla SVjmporijn.co Jjodgo v/ao field on Friday laot. A largo numbor if members woro present to witness an initiation. TI10 memboro of ilw lodgo feel proud that their- numb.oro are on tho increase. AU'? tho business of tlio evening v/as dispQsjad of Ijarpjpny r/ao in()i!lE?d In. tho flow ing taking'part Bro. J. Heyborn, aong j Rro. T. Wood, reading ; Bro. A. plane, song ; Bros. A. Ulricd and J. Larnjjnrf, di'ojoguc ; Bro. A. Iiing, essay 5 Sister E. Priddlo, cong, A Sorvlco of Song entitled' Littlo Dot'1 w,a glyonJ.t) flio Union Cburct) oa T«c:day ovonioSilaot by tho memboro of tho Borry Methodist Churoh choir, who rendored tho musical part of tho pro grammo beautifully, aud Mr. G. Gilham is to bo commendod for hio reading. Tho usual monthly mooting of tho directors 0' tho Wattamolla Dairy Co. wao held on Thuroday. Tho number of gallons troatod during Septombor was 10,540 gallons, for whioh suppliers iccoivod 3Jd por gallon. 