Wired Whispers. At last the broom worry has been settled, and Gagliardi has been fined £50 with £18 6s coats, (Virgil Power wanted 80 guineas), and forfeiture of the goods, valued at £140. Lawyer Rutledge gave notice of appeal. Heavy floods are reported in the Southwestern and Central districts. At Cunnatnulla a portion of the town bas been under water, and oa some p ntioas of the Central Railway traffic was suspended, the water being over the rails. A man arrested at Ilfracombe for breaking the railway station windows there, and seat up for 6 months, has stated that he fired the Cowra, (N.S. W.), show building last year. Frederick Knudde, who had been locked up in Sydney on a charge of stealing, com mitted suicide by taking poison. Profound sympathy haf been expressed by all Europe for the useless murder of President Carnot. Out. of e» il ofttimes coines good. It may be tnat his death will lead to a better feeling among the nations, a general disarmament, and a bun ling together to exterminate the murderous Anarchist, Dutchy refused any compensation to the skipper of the Codta Ric», but offers arbitration. In the good old days a British fleet with their guns all loaded and cleared for action would very soon have settled the question. " Now then, Dutchy, come down or I'll shoot." "Don't shoot, John, I'll come down." Clever Mr. Pound, the director of the Stock Institute has succeeded in cultivating the mange microbe. His museum in Turbot street, Brisbane, is well worth a visit by any farmer or dairyman. The candidates for the Toombul seat which will be declared vacant as soon as Parliament meets will be A. L. Petrie, Ministerial, and John Donaldson, Oppoeition. Mr. Sydes lias decided not to stand ; so barring accidents, we may hope to have a fair fight. W. Pettigrew has resigned his seat in the L-gislative Council. Arrangements are being made to provide Brisbane with a time ball. The admiral will once again fall down the main hatch at 1 p.m. as of yore. Last week, a village settler named Hag-.: boom, aud his wife and child, aged 7» were killed, and another settler name.l Ward was seriously injured by a tree falling across their camp at Ferntree Gully, (Vic.). Several other persons had narrow escapes.. Accountant D. D. Hausmaun, of the Lands D.-pirtment, has Ijeen suspended for a shortage of over £300 in his accounts. The murder of President Carnot was planned in Loudon out of revenge the day Vaillant was guillotined. Night watchman Tatton for Alfred Shaw and Co. at Townsville, found under a wharf with his throat cut. It was apparently a case of suicide. A man named Hartican killed at Mackay by getting entangled in the steam winch gear of the tender Brinawarr. Charles Dugais fined £3J0 in Sydney for beeping an illicit still. Mr. Gladstone has declared that he will not seek re election after the dissolution of the present Parliament. Things are getting mixed At Corea, as the Japs will not leave the capital in spite of the protests of China. H. N. Suttonj a government servant, was severely crushed at Sherwood station last week, whilst trying to board the train when it was in motion. The beauty of going to law, Norton got a verdict in Sydney against Crick with £730 damages. The two have since been fighting and Crick has managed to bring Norton in debt in spite of the firat named sum. It is understood that the directors of the Commercial Bank have granted an annuity of £200 to Mrs. M'Kiy, the widow of the fn'urdered manager at Birraba, in addition to which they and the officials have subscribed a sum which will make her income about £21 a month. It in also understood, in the event of Mrs. M'Kay's death, that the annuity will be continued to the children till they come of age. The body of an unknown man, weighted with a bag of sand, and with a fractured ekull and marks of str&ngulition;, has been found in the Barwon river at Collibiadabri. " Party Government rests upon human nature," repeated Parkes, for the hundredth timtf. in his late tour thr iugh the country. " Party Qovernnldnt," says GolJwin Smith, is everywhere tending, by the profligate bidding of parties against each other, to revolution, perhaps to anarchy. England must some way get out of it, if she is to escape ruin." tioldwin Smith is a thinker— not a pirrot. A young woman named Ellen Philp poisoned herself at Gycnpie by taking carb >lic a-iid. ; A ihir Pr >wn, a lad 17 ye re of age, who was iuj ired in a football match at Gympie, has died since from concussion of the brain- Mrs. Taylor, a resident of Sheffield, Tas., has earned "Queen's bounty" by giving birth to triplets. By the way, a girl waited on an English magiitrate, the other day, •ad'asked that the father of her illegitimate children might be ordered to support them. " How many J" enquired the beak. "Three." «' Row old ?" " All the same age—one year." The Leader of the Opposition has issued a letter in which he appeals to the shearers against the proposed strike, urging that they should sign the agreemeut under protest, and let the fight be at the battle-box. Ex-Minister Unmack : Ae a business man £ should not hesitate for oue moment to join any powerful and properly constituted syndicate f ir the purpose of leasing our rail, ways." Good old Sauerkraut! All the shearers required at Saltern Creek (about 100) have sigued the pastoralists' agreement. At a meeting of shearers and rouseabouts, held at Blaekall, it was decided by 75 votes to 19 not to strike. The N.S. W. hangman, when not engaged in man buchering, woiksas a gardener and knockabout man for the Sheriff in the Criminal Court grounds. Tiie other day, • eing a O prosecutor struggling to ^e. into his overcoat, he politely volunteered to help it on. " It filnyou ivell aboiil the neck •sir," remaiked the aiau- slayer. Everyman to his trade. Several rousabouts engaged for Manfred Downs, in the Hughenden district, refused to sign the agreement, so the Pastoralists' Association at once sent for men from Townsville aud Charters Towers. Parkes has traied on his early struggles, that sixpen e, the Kiaina Ghost, Federation, Foreign-trade, Gladstone, Tennyson, his hair, his broken leg, his breadless 'ome, his perilous vicinity to the grave, and now his gag is the plea " Hi ham haytee yearB of haige." But he's really only just turned 79. An important seizure of forged Bank of England notes has been made on board the German steamer Stlierat Adelaide. The Mayor of D:iuedin (N.Z ) annonnc-.'s that an additional local rate of 6il. in the £ is necessaiy bee i us a of the compulsory closing-up of many local pubs, This is a "cross-counter" with a vengeance, and, as a lar^e proportion of the Dunedin population is Sc »tch aud cmuy, provides an appealful argument that should touch the teetotallers in their tenderest vitals. The Full Conrt in Sydney has confirmed the conviction of CumminB for the B&rraba; murder. \- A bad little boy rubbed fine Cayenne pepper all over the back of his jacket, and well into the cloth, and then laughed out loud in school, for which the master fl >gged him severely, but dismissed school eoou after to go and see an eye doctor. The general elections in New South Wales have been fixed for the 17th July. Mr. N. Peck: "I think if anyone is entitled to a pension, it's me." Mudge: " You we e never in war, were you ?" Mr. N. Peck : " No, but the fellow my wife was engaged to got killed at El Teb. ' The various European Powers have formally expressed their approval of the election of M. Casitnir-Pv ier as President of the French Republic. Two people were talking science the other day when the germ theory came under discussion. Just to think we are composed of germs 1" he exclaimed. " Why, then, we are all Germans," said she. " Yes," said he, "except the Irish, and they are Miokrobes." Bert (nervously) : " I heard pa teil'mi he was goin' to fl <g me oa principle after prayers to-uight. Where's principle, Billy ?' Billy : " I thiuk it's somewhere at the back, Bert. The last time he flogged me on principle I had to sit Bideways for more'n a fortnight." Two Czech boys sentenced at Prague each to twelve years' iinpiisonment for loitering outside the palace with tha intention of stabbing the Austrian E nperor when visiting the Bohemian capital. It is reported that thousands of It ili ins who had escaped from France, in consequence of the popular outburst against them, have camped near- Metz, and arc in an utterly destitute'and starving condition. Loch has induced President Kriiger to exempt the British residontB in the Transvaal from military service. A difficulty that threatened ..to give rise to serious complications has consequently been removed Sir Henry Loch has also settled the diffi culty with regard to Swaziland convention with the Transvaal Government. The formal opeuiog of the Intercolonial Conference took place at Ottawa last Wednesday. The conference met in the Senate 'Touee of the Dominion Parliament, and the opening ceremony was of a brilliant character. An enthusiastic reception was given to the colonial delegates. John Evans, who arrived in Sydney lately from Columbia, for the purpose of taking a farm, has been robbed of all the money he had—£503—by the confidence trick. Five m .'D are at present uud^r arrest in connection witL the affair. Charles Blackmore aged 11, met with a eh ckiugde ith at Melbourne. He climbed a nhtrf derrick to the height of 50 fret, and while clinging to the top he sudden y fell headlong to the ground. His body was smashed. An extraordinary accident occurred last week on the up train from Box Hill, (Vic,). While the train gvas running over a bridge, the fireman, James Raw, fell from the engine through the bridge to the roadway, a distance of 25 feet. He received an extensive wound on the back of the head, his left arm was'broken, and he was otherwise hurt. The unfortunate man appears to have lust bis memory and cannot account in any way for hia fall. <8.Hunry Harcourt, repairer in the Telephone Department, and residing at New Farm, committed suicide last Saturday by takiug poison. No assigned reason, unless it was that he was overworked. George Johnstone, caretaker of the drainage works in Charlotte street, Brisbane, garroted and robbed by two ruffians, who are unfortunately unknown. The Barra^a i^urderere, Lee and Cummins, are to be huud at Tamworth on Friday, July 20th. I A fine little laid, named Shales, residing at Milton, killed, whilst on his road to Sunday school, by the lick of a wandering horse. When is this disgraceful scandal of depasturing horses in Rhe streets to be put a stop to? { A. M. Royle.l in the employ of Prosser, Taylor, & Co,, charged with the embezzlement of £794 4s. 6d., the moneys of his employers. Queen Victoria has sent a letter to Madame Carnot, in wliii'h Her Maj ;sty states that she is unable to f-efrai l from writing though personally unknown to Madame Carnot. Her Majesty says that words cannot express how her widow'! heart bleeds for the widow of the late President, nor how she views'with dismay and horror the dastardly deed which deprived him ofjhis life. One of the Fanarchists who his been arrested since tie deitb of President Carnot has c infessed that seven anarchists assembled at Cette, a sea&rt; town in France, in the Gulf of Lyons, ajpd balloted for the murderer of President Qjirnot, and when it was decided that Santo was to be the man he expressed his dfilight aud became ferocious with j >y. t It is statedF that 300 anarchists were arrested during! the progress of the funeral of the late Preadent, and lodged in prison in Paris. j In consequence of the discovery of a plot to murder Kiug Humbert of Italy, 150 anarchists have; been arrested at Rome. A Nihilist conspiracy has beon unearthed at Smolensk, in Russia, and eighteen persons supposed to be implicated have been arrested. The police ait Montpellier have arrested two men named Granier and Laborie, who are supposed to have been accomplices of Santo, the murderer of President Carnot. Granier, howeVer, disembowelled himself when seized by the police, and he is now dead. Artillery trials have been made at Okhta, near Sv Petersburg, with a new hardened shell, adopted by the Russian Government The results are stated to be astounding, and the new shell; is declared to be vastly superior to ady possessed by the other Powers. Twenty bitta.lions of Chiuese troops have been ordered to Corea forthwith, ae there is seemingly smill hope of settling the present difficulty with Japan. Tiie United States Government are mediating with the object of inducing the Government of Japan to withdraw their troops from Corea, in order to prevent a war with China. The Tower Bridge in London was opened by the Prince and Princess of Wales on Saturday withjgreat pomp. Anarchist designs on the Tower Bridge, and a plot to 'dynamite the White Lodge, where the Dachess of York is residing, are rep u'ted to hi,ye been discovered. The Victorian easterns authorities have made a large opium seizure worth £300. It »as consigned to a Little Bourke street Chinaman, and was invoiced as preserved tioger, the o t .ium being underneath and ginger on top in the tins. Regarding the iuflux of aliens to the Cool-, gardie goldfields, Sir John Forrest states • hat the Government are determined to makes the fields of the colony British possessions, anij not allow them to be taken possession of by shoals of Asiatics. A petition has been fi'ed for the liquidation of th" estate of William Pettigrew; liali'.ities, £47,529 Oi. 6d. In counectioo with the shearing dispute four large sheds have signed on under the new agreement, and the Weatlauds men, whe were ou strike, have gone to work. The bolyof a man named William John Hu :hes was found fl >at»ng in the river near the Garden Ferry on Saturday. The New Zealand Government have parsed a bill empowering the Bank of N- w Zealand to issue £2,000,000 of new shares under the guarantee of the Government. The bank is thus converted into something like a State bank, and the new departure is generally regarded with satisfaction by the public, as a dnancial smash has been thus avoided. Beudigo yielded 78,00Jozs gold during the past half-year. Magnus Paterson, organist at Welling N.Z., accidentally choked himself whii dinner, and died before any remedyoouldl applied. The Q.T.C. June Race meeting was well attended on Saturday afternoon, when th* June Gift was won by Mr. J. Bennett'* horse Euroka, Stafford being second, and War Queen third. About .£2000 passed through the totalisator machines. The Victorian deficit on the year's transactions is about £530,060. She has now » deficit of one and three quarter million sterling, without reckoning three-quarters of a million worth of Treasury bills sold. Queensland closes the financial year with a debit balance of expenditure over inoome of £8167. The total deficiency, with last year's debit, being £293,608. Lar ?e numSers of shearers are arriving fa Sydney from New Zealand, and are gladly signing the pastoralists' agreement. Severe earthquake shocks have been experienced in New Zealand. The funeral of the late President Carnot took place in Paris on Sunday with imposing ceremony, the spectacle being an unparalleled one. Enormous crowds of people thronged the l : ne of route, the heat and crush being m& great that hundreds fainted, and a sertou panic occurred while the procession was passing through the streets. An enormous number of wreaths were sent by those who wished in this manner to show their respect for the late President, four rooms being filled with these floral offerings. The wreath sent, by the Czar of Russia required ten men to carry it. An extensive railway strike has taken place in America, the men having gone out in sympathy with the employes of th* Pallman Car Company. A large number of railways have been laid idle, causing great inconvenience at Chicago, and a number of outrages have been committed, necessitating the calling out of the Federal troops. Water has been struck in No. 4 bore at Max well ton station, in the Hughenden district, the flow being estimated at over 1,000,000 gallons a day. The past year's revenue in South Australia amounted to £2,516,289, and it is expected that the revenue will just balance the expenditure. A newspaper editor at Leghorn haB been fatally bt tbbed by an Anarchist. John Collins, aged 35 years, st tbbed aft Eurelio, S. A., by Joseph Miller, a shepherd. B 'th men were strangers in the district, and they were quarrelling near a hotel, when Miller, it is alleged, drew a sheathknife and thrust it into Collins' side. Collin* di d shortly aft' rwards. A dastardly attempt was made a few days ago to destroy one of the engines in the Government Printing Office at Wellington, N.Z. Fortunately the engineer noticed that something was wrong at tne instant of starting the engine, otherwise the whole of tbe manhiuery would have been smashed to pieces. During a riot at Chippendale, N.S. VV., a savage assault was committed by larrikins «pon a policeman. Constable Daley, the victim of the assault, is in a state of great weakness and exhaustion. He was felled by a brick-bat. The accused—four men and three women—were all sentenced to siK months, hard labour. Another rich gold find 10 miles from Coolgardie, returning 4280 ozi. from two tons. A girl named Henrietta Stewart Dreyer committed suicide near Broken Hill by drinking spirits of salt., the caOBe being* broken engagement of marriage. Rent-collector Charles Goond, of Annandale, enticed into an empty house in Livef<poo!-street, Sydney, and garrotted and robbed of ^50, It is Stated-lljat 500,000 tailors in England are prepaid fbr. a strike, tbe object which are the shortening of the perl!; work. and uniformity in the, numt WorSing hours. „ -, An old ^ijfldeiit of B isbane plan) away Wis weeK fgWbS person of MiSk&rennaa.; aged 103 T y«ar^and 10 months. " ' The Einppfor William of Germany has inetructedvljouut Caprivi, the Imperial Gertnati Chancellor, to open negotiations wiUt< the KritiBh and other European Government^1 with the object of forming a union forf suppression of the anarchists. The anarchists have posted placards about Lisieux, a town in Calvados, In France, threatening that if Santo, Presidest C&rnot;'s murderer, is not pardoned M. Casimir-Perier will suffer a simifiar fate. The Emperor of Germany, as a mark of reBpect for the memory of the late President, has pardoned the two French ~ Degony and lJelguey-Malvas, December 16 were sentenoed to' and four year»' imprisonment in a for being spies at Kiel. Said the wholesale «B">.rcl detective: " Some fell, trim the Western district repttsenl a collector of ours. He ooUectvd than any two of our men - want him collared as <' ~ "All right. I'll have t tan a week." "Great ' want to put him in • him." 