LOCAL AND GENEItL NWS. ARRtloGErM.ETs are beiog made for the re turn cricket match between the Combined Pie a sand the Aborioinre of Drehing Creolek to take place, on the North Ipswichb reserve, on Satnrdny afternoon next. It will bereemrc. belead that great interest was taken in the last match played between the two teams, the reserve teing orowded with spectators. A tood contest is expected on Saturday next, when, no donhbt, visitors to the reserve will again be numeroee. Negottiatin are alno in progreso for a matoh between the Deebing Creek repre nentatives and the Courier team, in Brishebane, on Easter Monday, if ponssible. Mm. WALTEa E. CAMstor, B.A., onof Mr. D. Camoron, M.A., head.masterof the Ipwibch Grammrr School, arrived in Ipswich on Satur day last from Germany. Mr. Cameron has be.n a aotst for about four ,eara, during which time he has stedied st Edinbourgh and Cam bridge Ualvrerities and more receotly at the Hei.rl?lherr Univerrity, in Germany. where he as setudying mineralogy and geology. Mr. Camerno, we understnnd, will take up the pr.sitiot of soience mastter at the Ipwiohb Grammar School. WnranTo everyone to rall and inspeet the Ennlared Portraitae now exeeubed he the I.X.L. Co. Enlararemenots in Oils, Water Co:ncr, Bromide. Opal, &0.. &Ac.;, at priere hitherto unheard of in Ipewich. All work guaranteed to give entisfaction.-(Aovr.) 455 ToA uneuelforteighly meeting of the Ipswich branch of the Aoetraliai Narives Aesociation was held laost night. There was a very large gathering rf memtere. Inwerd and outward nor.repoadence was read. The next moeeoing of the branoh w.l be a qusarterly ummone mesrc-n. The a~ilto of tieeveleg amuneted to £12 14a. O. A ocEErIso of the o3mmittee appointed to etl at the team in oonneotion witc the West Mareton v. Oahfield match on Monday, the 15th instant, cnd to make other arrangementt, met in the Qu.ens!anoi Times OCambers lasta night. There were present Mparse. G. W. Allen (in the chair), B. Dalton, J. M. Camp bell, J. A. Ellthott, snd G. Haerlon. Alter very clreful consideration the following players sere elected to represent the Association: Mesra. James tors,. T. M'D. Cteejr, J. M. Camptelt, R. C. Ciarke, Din. Corew, Jack Crew, I)., Dalton, H. Dalton, C. Hooper, W. MN'Mlrdy, and O. Pearsaon. Is was decided that tie President of Iht Ateociation (Mr. A, J. Htephensoa) ehould be aePked to act as um. poe ftr the local represertalivee. Arrange. mote were made far entertaining the visitors and for providing every eonveaieuon for opec. ttaore to view toe :rtoa~t. A hipe oan ex. pressed by the committee than any of the players chosen who Sid that they will te uon ibli to play will at once oommounioete that fteat to the seoretary of the Association (Mr. G. VW. Allen). Srcr?uL services were hel in meost of the Wea'elan Churches throughout the colony on Sunday last in coonnect;on with the second aneual Queensland conference of that denoami nation, which in at prseeot tittiug in Brisbane. At the local cburches ofl that body there wmro large congregation, uotaithsatoding the ic clement state of the weather. Much interet centred in thebo services from the face that it had Ieon aneounced that they would bh con duoted hv two young favourito miniaee s M·aere. W P. Brown and H. H. Nolon-- aho hadbeenprevious!y ocnaeated wil the Ipswich Circree. At the Etlenborough.street Church in the morning the Rev. H. H. Nolaen flatloiated, and he chose ae the subjact of his rematke port of Acts i., 4-" But wait for the promise of the Flthter." He preasohed a very earnest and icpreseive sermon, and urged opon all to wait epon the Fether-God -and seek the fulfilment of His promnise in their own liver. Let them never weary in their epplicaticoes, but ask, fully believing that God would in Wie own good time fi 1 them wi h the cutaiining power of the Holy Ghost, and then their desires would be reatnied. In the evening the Re. W. P. Brown occupied the pulpit, and the seaored edifice was crowded to the doors with a moset attentive cogregatilon. He all:o ed as his text part or Revelsteons air., 6-" Alloeluia, the Lord God omnipotect reigotth." The whole tenor of en eloquent dieeorse went to prove the omnipotence of the Supreme Being end the dependence of all things npon Him. He dilated upon God's ruling power in the oniverse, and said that the lesson to be learned from his remarks was that in future they. haould etrive to do what was right, and then God would ultimately blies them. But if they stooped to di what was unmanly and n womanly, or what was mean or base, or made nnwortby compromises with the forces of evil, then the sword of the great Crestir would surely smite them, and the ealamities that would bafal the colony would be all the greater beeausa of the privileges now enjoyed. Their yndicatese, mines, and race.eoornee had been boomed, and now it was high time that they boomed the Ten Commandments. The swerd of heaven was not in haste to smite. As God exercised His ruling power over nature and the nations, so also Be exercised His unerring wisdom and inspiring beneficence over everry life that He had gteo. The preacher con. cluded by appealing to all present 'o allow God to be their guiding star through life. F. A. WarooHaeD'es Enlargements are ex reedingly Fsee, and equal to anything in that line prodnuced in the Colony. Can be had any sice. Psiee very moderaty. All work dose oan the premises. Call and inspeot show eassee at the old-esntablished todio, Briebae-satree t -{Aovr.] 154 A Bnoor soaident, whioh was, fortounately, not of a very serious nature, ccorred on Sun. day morning habout a quarter to 11 o'oloek. At that time Mr. B. Green was dricing down Nicholas.satreet past St. Paul's Sudaynychool in a dogaert, to whiach was attached a young horse, end tn which Mr. John M'Donald-an old and well.known resident of the CoalfallP, and father-in-law of Mr. Green-sat 00 the front seat beside the driver, while at the back were Mrs. M'Donald and a little boy. When the English Church bell began to ring the horse became frightened, and commenced to bock. It then esoddenly fell down near the corner of Limestone and Nicholse Streets, and the coon pants of the front seat were thrown violently to the ground. Mr. Green at onea reoovered himself and rushed to the hore's head, jest in time to prevent the animal from bolting. Mr. M'Donald, being an older man and eiffering from rhenmatios in the legs, did not eospcp so well. Bis legs appearto have got tangled in the reins as he fell, and he lay not s yard in front of one of the wheels, whichb, had it not been for Mr. Green's prompt notioer, wonld assuredly have passed over him. The old man was helped to his feet and conducted to Mr. H. Campbell's residence near by. Having had a short rest here he was again alsisted into t-e vehicle, which-the others having previously taken their sent-was then driven ft, and thebs crowd whib ha t assembleddispersed. We have since learned that beyond aslight shaking Mr. Green was unhart, but Mr. M'llonald was rather more severely shaken, besidee havinog snetained several benisel about the legs. lhe other ocoon·t~s were uninjured, but the horse was eoratebhed about the koser. Wa recommend BALL'c Seeds before any in the market. He has jest received, per Orient steamer, a Splendid Collection of Vegetable, Field, and Flower Seeds, all in splendid order. New and Rare Seeds for '94, and now ready Cabbage, Oalifiower, Oarrot, Celery, Beans, Turnip, Lettoce, Badibsh, and all other Vegetable Beeds. Two Thosneand Bulbs, in. olndiog Hyacinths, Gladioli, Naresene, Freenias, Single and Double Dafiodils, Snow. dr:ps, and Tulips. One Thousand New Varieties of Seed in spleoadid order. JAnMES Bat.c, Neobholas- street, Ipswich.[-L[Av ] THE Courier' Sydney representative (Mr. 0\. W. Ketthi writes as follows regarding the new presideat of the New Sooth Wales Wee. loyan Conference :-As yon have been apprised by wire, the Rev. Joseph Spenoe, for meny years a familiar figure near the door of the Wesleyan DeaS: in Qeonestreet, has been eleated President of the Wesleman Conft rence feor the lear 18945. I remember Mr. Speone well, whec he weeas preaohisg in Maryhborough in the seventies, and afterwards in Gympte and in Ipswich and Rockhampton. He made a big rise m Gempio noea, I think in couneo. tiou with the North Phe-ixi, but dropped not a little when he dabbled io the eoalminee at the Burrom. He is a charming man, and when his throat became badly aff- oted, and he received the appoiatment of book-steward in Brisbane, he was still more popular, and could be met any sneny morning in Qeeen-street eager to have a chat on matters social, poli'ioal, or religious. At one time he wasee a prol fi contributor to the presse, and many a leading article from his pen has passed throgh my hands. As a lecturer he had not many soperiora, having within him a strong strain of rich humowr. Once he delivered a act of leotores on "Love and Matrimony," "And do yu know,"hesmiligly told me, "thry had a surprising ff.es. I received quite a noter of marriage fees ehortly afeerwards." Mr. Spence was trnee ferred from Brisbane to West Maitland, aond at the present time has eharge of the Randaitok Chnroh. Three years ago he weas appointed ropresentative of the Chureh st the (E tomenioal Council held in Washington. He ae ia every reapeot a ripo experienced Chreet:ao man, and his friends in Queeseland well, I am asure, be delighted to btar of hi, appointment to the honourable position of head of the Wesleyan Choreb. TuE following apnosare in the "On Dit" oalomn of the Ohrtfer:-That the Crown low effioors have decided that a Shire Counocil has no pewer to make a hv.-]aw for the suppression of noxious weeds. That the queer part oh tbs bsinees ii that a Divisional Board has the neoesrny aonthoritt, Tns I, L. Photo Company have secured the cervicee of A. D. BnIoot, en Artist who is ocknowledged by the eritics to be one a f the beat in Australia. Has eneentod Portr-its of most of the Prominalt Men in Qoeenoland. (ADnT.) 455 Ia his address to the members of the New South Ware Czaferrnce of the Australasisan Weslsyan Church, at the openiog of he an nual sessions in Sydney last week, the retiring president (tbhe Rev. J. E Moulton) said :--"I have noticed two movements in the Church during the past year in opposite directions, but produced, I think, by the same cause. One is a movement towards a statelier form of wOt ship. Many persons have felt that the:re is something lacking in our public services, that there is a baldness in them, a lock of toos, form, colour, or what not. This feeling has re solted in tentative efforts towards a liturgy. In some churche the Commasdmente are rc. gnularly road once a mouth-i mrot excellent praotice, and ocoe which I know is productive of tbo bost results. In others the Pralmse are read elternately by the minieter and people, portions of the grand old anoient Church sor. vico Ike the 'To Deoam'have been introduced, nod so on. Now with this movement I have very great sympathy. Analyris seems to show that it proceeds from several causes-three at h~st. One in that as a Church n are e growing older. It is an historical face, I believe, that every Church' however primitive ets earliest form of nervione may have have been, bhas h y-and-bye develored a liturgy, just as the young man and meaiden drop the tree'and.easy movements of their youth and adopt the convocnlionasl forms of snoiets as they grow to maturity. Well, our Church is it the latter h llf of its second contury, and it is quite time it grew a beard and hMA long frookea. At any rate thoes move monte are going on in the Mhtho'ist Church all over the world, not only in New South WM es. The great Dr. Dixon used to say, ' Whatever prevails an:veorelly we couot a law.' Thercloreit seems to moe that th!s mnove ment is o.t t? whim of a few, hbut is produced by a fhw of our exiatence." LEADINo Politiosne and Prelates of Austri. lit have had their portraite painted by Mr. BIRtIE, Artist, recentlyengaged by the I.X L. Co.. Ipawich. Do you want a Faithful Picusre of Yoursolf, Relatirve, or Friend, at a reason able price ? Call and tqoire.--(ADvr.) 455 Tne weekly meeting of the Ipswich Loyal Temperanc Legion was held in the Wesleyan Sohool-room, Limestone.street, on Saturday afternoon lest. The attendanoe was larger than that at the former meeting, thirty.five being present. After the opening exrercses, the leaders gave a lesson n ' The Pledge." The remainder of the time was spent in teaching the ehildren one or two " Msrching Songs." F. . a t Wtrrtnoao was the only prias-wiunor in the photographio nention, Summer Show, 1893\. igh.olase work only executed at the eld-eatablished Stodio, Brisbane.street, - [Anv.] 154 " DocrTsRE and Life; or, Straight on Great Themes," was the subject of a sermon delivered in the North Ipswich Congregational Church on Sunday evening last by the Rev. T. Jones. There was a fair mongrega. tion. The preacher chose for his text the words contained in John vii, 17-" If any man will do Hits will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I apeak of myself." This passage he said, con. firmed one truth--tlat in doing God's will the truth that could give satisfaction to the souls of men e~ould be found. He emphasised the fact that if they wanted to know the true doctrine of sin they should begin to do God's aill. If they did this honestly and salecrely, they would not only perceive the power of evil within themselves, but would be enabled to conquer it, and God would give them grace and strength to live a good life. During the service Mr. T. \Windle sang "The Mighty Deep," and, while the offerrory was being taken up, the chair rendered the anthem " When My Heart is Overwhelmed." T•t following information appesrs in Satur day's Government Gazette :-Senior- Conestable Nathaniel Irvine King is appointed inspector of elaughter-houses and of cattle intended for loaughter at GatLton in the room of Sergeant Walter Stuart King, who takes up similar duties at Cairns, whither. he has been trans ferred. Tao Brit:ah.l-India and Qaeennland Agency Company have advice through Renter's that the Queensland royal mail steamer India, out ward for Qseeosaland, arrived at Colombo on 28th February. La1Bna of administration have been ran~sed in the estate of Franoie Colville Hyde, Wilder' ton, Brsanksome, Boarnemouth, Eugland, to Iertram Charles Anseon Hyde, of Camboon, Dawoon River; realty and personalty. £21,701. CnBTaINLo the best medicine known is aNEs? n e SoasNa' Enoalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in counghs. colds, influenza--the relief is instantanoons, In serious oases, and aooidents of all kinds, be they wounds, burns, sosldings, bruises, spraine, it ue the safest remedy-no swelling, no inflammation. Like surprising eskote prodnued in croup, diphtheria, bronchitie, inflammation of the lungs, swellings, &t.;: diarrhema, dysen tery, dineasesof the kidneys and urinary organs. In nas at hospitals and medicalolinios all over the lohe; patronisedhy hilaMlajesty theKina g of Italy: orowned with medal and diploma at ntornational Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this approved article, and rejent all others. -Ann.' 5t In referring in our last issue to the accident which occurred to John Martin, it was stated that he was working at Messrs. Hancock Bros.' sawmill as North Ipswich, where as the scene of the mishap was Mr. Josiah Hancock's establishment at West Ipswich-in charge of an entirely different firm. T'a? programme of the sports to be held at Tenthill, Gatton, on Easter Monday, appears in another colnmn. It is a varied one ansod cmprises not fewer than fourteen events. Nominations for the principal contest-the rerthill Handicap-must be in the hands of he secretary-Mr. Charles L. Hersachel, of Catton-before 8 o'olook p.m. on Friday, the 36th instant. The aoceptanoese olone on the 2t:h instant. .-.~ a?t i Sa 