Galston. Good News.— We have just received reliable information from Mr. Bevan, and Mr. J. Garrard, M.P., that the sum of £1500 is granted to complete the new road from Galston to Hornsby, and that the work is to be started at once. Our local fruitgrowers are quite jubilant over the matter, and hope shortly to be able to do three journeys to the railway station in one day, instead of wasting a whole day in going to Parramatta with one load, as at present. CRICKET. — On Saturday Galston met Castle Hill A. team on the Recreation Ground. To our disgust, when the time came, five of our best men picked to play, failed to turn up, and we had to be content to pick up a few well known "mugs," to make up the requisite number to play. We all looked upon this as a test match, and our boys started looking down in the mouth, especially in the earlier part of the game. We were calculating upon Castle Hill knocking up at least 300, and ourselves about 30 or 40. Tho bowling fell to E. P. Fuller, who was very unwell, but we never saw him in better nick for bowling, and our jovial old friend, Mr. J. Hunt, who notwith- standing being just a little embompoint, stood to the bowling like a brick. Imagine our surprise when Castle Hill went down for 104. We thought there was a ghost of a show, and our boys went in playing carefully, and when our score got up to 90 there was great excitement, and later as the runs were slower, the tension of nerves was almost too much for us poor bush "whackers," and when E. P. Fuller hit the three that did the trick the clapp- ing and screaming were really alarming. We are quite satisfied that all did their best and would do better, if they would only practice. Telephone. — We petitioned a short timo ago for a tolophono. After enquiries and an official sont for onquirios tho application has boon rofusod. Thoy think it will not pay, but wo can toll them it will pay, After wo hnvo tho now road, the thing will becomo a groator necessity, and wo intend to agitato until wo got it. Tin; Pitoi'osM) Thajlway.— Tho Galston pooplo as a whole aro quito indifferent, as to tho proposed tramway to Castlo Hill. They firmly boliovo it to,bo totally iuadoqualo for fruitgrowors' requirements, and only suitablo f--r a fow old women. Sumo go so f«r as to say it will bo tho greatest curso that could happen to tho fruitgrowors, and urging good reasons for it too. ? Hbw ovur it won't a If out us, as Ilornsby happous to bo noareat, 