PLAYS AMD PLAYERS. Suggested probably by a similar perform asoe in Amenw, b representation cf As ¥ou Idke It by a cast composed exclnsively of ladiftfi bfln been arranged in london, ssd was to take plaoe at tte "Prince of Wales' Theatre on the 27th February last. Miss Sophie Lariria was to take the part of Touchstone, Miss Ada Ferrer Orlando, Miss Gladys Hamfray Jaoquea mid Miss Frances Ivor Rosalind. There was also to be a full chorus and orohastraof ladies only. To the many admirers, voluntary and iuvolnntary, of Daisy Bell, it may be of interest to leam that the author and composer, Mr ~Hany Dacre, epe-jt some four yean, 1884-88, inMSalbourne. Prior to his going to .Australia he Jbad written a song. The Ghost of John James Christopher Benjamin Birms, and in his absence this achieved success. Playmates, The Simple Country Hud, Modd England, In Public and in Private, and Good Old Has Been, are "also songs written by Mr Dacre. Daisy BeQ,it appears, was written in America daring a visit there in 1892.. Farewell, the latest composition -of Hr Dacre, is stated to be ww*" 1^ a .great favorite on tte London Variety stage. The two pantomime parties playugdnring tte recent Christmas season at Edinburgh, engaged in a friendly game of football, in which ladies also participated, one afternoon at tte end of Jannaiy. Miss Ada Bemister, who was appearing in tte title role of tte pantomime Dick Whitdngton, is mentioned as taking part in the game. Miss Amy_ Horton, the bright little soubrette and burlesque actress. >»•»» been playing the principal girl's put in The Forty Thieves, one of the four pantomimes produced at tiKasgow. During the early portion of last month two London productions reached their 100th performance. The first was the musical comedy, The Gaiety ;Giri, at tte Prince of Walee's Theatre, and the second the burlesque of Don Juan at tte Gaiety Theatre. Charley's Aunt, at the Globe Theatre, has now a record of a year and two months, and Morocco Bound (a piece that will, so we hive been advised by cable, be seen in Aus- tralia daring tte year) was about the middle of February taken off after' a rim of ten months. Mr .J. C. ' Williamson was expected is London on the lith February. The object of his visit iras announced as being the search for artists^and attractions for hiB firm's Australian theatrical enterprises. Mr W. H. Vincent is acting as agent for Mr Williamson. The operas of Cavalleria Rnstieana and Pagliaoci were announced to be given in the same manner as oratorios, with a choir of 300 voices, at the New Queen's Hall, London,' during the mouth of February. Mr Ben Davies was to sing the principal tenor music. A leading London theatrical journal makes tie Bnnoimcement—by ttis time a somewhat familiar one—that Mr Sims Beeves is likely to go to Australia on a tour. One of'tte partners of tte Brough and Bomnoanlt Company is reported . to have stated that their New Zealand tour "more than realised their anticipations." With a successful season in Adelaide, followed by one iu Melbourne, preceding the visit to New Zealand, it would appear that this favorite ompanyhas teen reaping the reward ttey have so steadily and consistently worked for, and which no one will deny they richly lb A. Lawrenae,. who will be remembered as a clever character actor, has, after waiting in Loudon for some eighteen months, with little or nothing to do, obtained a gocd engagement in America. The Dampier Company are to play at G oulburn daring the Easter season. Miss Jeannie Lee concluded her farewell season in Sydney on Thursday night, when the final performance of Grasshopper- was given. Neither Joe nor Grasshopper has met with the success that one would have wished for the spirited and vivacious little lady whose* name is so inseparably connected with' these pieces. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Co. commence a season of IS nights at the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on Monday night. in connection with tte revival of Struck Oil this evening at tte Theatre Boyal, it" may be mentioned that nearly twenty years hav elapsea since tte first production of the piece in Melbourne. The actual date was Saturday, 1st August, 1874, and a ran of exactly three months was achieved. In the cast besides Mr J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore, in- tte two principal parts, were Uesers Stuart O'Brien, - Harry Sefton and W~Xaylor, wiih> Mre_Bryer.-=i_ _. Struck Oil is to be taken on tour again in tte "United States in September next -by tte Pi ton Company, Miss Jane Stuart playing tte part of lizzie StofeL A correspondent in the "Sydney Bulletin " makes the suggestion that in turn withcrioket, military and other teams that -have visited England, an operatic company might be advantageously tried, and among a list of Turnip mentions tte 'following :—Misses Nellie Stewart, Colbonrne Baber, Ida Osborne, Florence loung, Flora Granpnor, Violet Varley, May Pollard, tte Prinoesa's Ballerinas, Hiss Marie Saqui, with Misses EVances Saville and May Weir already in England. The male performers mentioned axe :-—MftHara C. Harding, R. Cunningham, Syd. Deane, Howard Vernon, T. Grundy, Will Lewers, ana D'Ensetn. The idea, although novel, wonld, it is feared, hardly prove payable. The list given could also be added to with advantage. The minstrel and variety entertainment at the Sydney Theatre Boyal came to a somewhat . turbulent 'termination on Tuesday evening. On Monday the orchestra were evidently uot in tune-with "the treasury," and on Tuesday tte management being unable "to raise tie wind" to pay, tte flautist and otheEB declined "to raise the wind" to play. On tte announcement of no performance and a return of the admissions paid, a dispute occurred, owing, eo it is stated, to one person who -was admitted on an order endeavoring to benefit by tte promised refund. The altercation was quickly joined in by tte crowd, who eventually had to be " moved on" by the polioe. Miss Edith Bland,, who accompanied Mr llland Holt as leading lady in his recent seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania, is to appear with the Brongh and Boncicault Company ttis evening at the Lyceum Theatre, playing tte part of Lady Castlegordon in The Amazons. _ At Wanganui, New Zealand, at tte race time, two halls were occupied by the Shine and Clark Variety Company, who divided into two portions, oneaivision of the company after appearing at one hSU repeated the performance at the other, whilst the other divi- sion reversed the same proceeding. The London "Daily News," "World and " Figaro" newspapers all speak in complimentary terms <s£ Miss Patiie Browne in regard to her appearance as Mrs Lappet in Dick Shendan. One compares her to- a picture by Meissonier, another speaks of bung fascinated by " the eyes that belong to Miss Browne,*' and the third also pays a tribute to her fine eyes. Misses Pattie Browns and Rose Dealing were present at the first of the annual Corent Garden Ball; the latter gained a prize for her costume, and "up to date" stagedress. Sir Augustus Harris, who has been-invalided during the production of the Draiy Lane pantomime, was sufficiently convalesecnt on Wednesday, 25th January, to visit tte theatre, and witness, for the first time, the performance. It is now definitely settled that Mi-,Edward Terry will ebortly reappear at hie own theatre in London in musical comeiy, a style of|ier* formanoe resembling to some extent' the present burlesque. \- At the Strand, and afterwards at the Gaiety Theatre for some six or seven-years from IS69, Mr Teny with Miss NeUifiFarrfin, Miss Kate Vaughan, and Mr E. W. Royee, formed what is known as the famous Gaiety quartette. His re-appearance in « class of character for which .his powers of facial expression, his clever singing and dancing, specially favor him, is beinglooked forward to - with, mach pleasurable inferegt. \-- The Bev. Stewart Headlim in the course of a paper read by him before tie Playgoers' Club, stated that, he had seen every ballet produced at the Alhedibra focthe last tweoty : years,and wentontb-HEay that "everyone contained mnch'that, !was beautiful, all.had beenlright," cheerfd,l, texbUarating, Bomehad fcadJa^olcnpremeexpefliflBoeL" Madame" Sarah Bcirnh&rdt.; has recently lenagpeanng'in-Paris in a "drama entitled eyi, by M-MrSilvtitre and Moreiauj in a role thai is said to fit ier equally as well as .her wonderful' 'creation . of iloria Tosca. IzVyl has been specially written with-aviewof briiwing'Snto rdief the efleda 4hat- ln -MulamA Bernhardt'e hands exercise such awonderful poirer of fasdnation,and at tteinst jKrfarmanBe,i»ttbe end . January, . the rBenaistanoe ^Eheatre, fads, both .actress iand aathort adiiered -an immense triumph.. ~ >. * 