Richard Wagner. To al lovers of music the name of Wagner is na.familiar as flowers in spring, and coons quently a few focts of the great composer's careor will prove interesting. Wilhelm Richard WVagner's life wos one of great trial, temptation, sutfferinc, and .at times defeat. He was born at Leipzig on May 22, 1813; died at Venice February 13, 1883, and was interred at Bayreuth on Fobruary 18, 1883\. Wagner was the youngest of nina ohildren, and was but five months old when his father died. His mother's second mar riage at Dresden was the means of giving him a liberal education, and at the age of 13 he translated out of school hours, the first 12 books of the " Odyssey." In the following year he wrote a tragedy-a mixture of "Hamlet" and "Lear." Forty-two per sons were to die in the course of the play, and for want of more characters some of them were made to reappear as ghosts in the last not. After acme time spent in unremunerative routine work in Heidelberg, Hongbleirg and Rign (where in .1830 he married), h resolved to try his fortune with " Ricnzi" in raris; but left with it unporformed, heartsick and disoontented. In 1842, " Rieszi " was o copted at Dreadon, where it was a great suo cess. In the next year " The Flyin Dutch man" was produoced suocessfully, sadin 1848 his now opera. " Tannhauser." proved a com parative failure. "Lohengrrin" was finished early in 1848, and his poetry was further en riahad by the addition of."' Siefried's Tod." A too warm sympathy with some of the revolutionary party made him floo, and with the news that a warrant RIOHAIRD WAGNER. was out for him ho travelled aoross from Saxony, and for nearly 12 years was in exile, practically. Here were written somo of Wagner's moot saroastio and bitter works. In 1801 ho received permission to return to Germany, and for three years tho strugghl for fortuno was harder than before. He was about to give up all hope wlien Ludwig II,, the young King of Bavaria, sent for him, and he was allowed to fnlish his works in oomparativo tranquillity. .In 1860 *"Trio taan" and "Ioldo" woro performed,, fol lowed by "Dio Meltoertugorr " and the complotion of "Siegfried," In 1870 he married Oosima, the daughter of Lisat, and formerly wife of Vou Billow. His first wife, from whom he had been oeparated in 1801, died at Drosden in 1800\. A theatre was speolally built for tho performaneoo of Wagner's works, and in July, 1882, Wagner's loug and stormy career was magnifloontly orowned by the first perform. anoo of "Paralful," A few weeks later his healthl gave way, and he wot to Vonuto to winter, but he died and was afterwards huried in his own gardon at Bayrouth, Wagner's aim gonerally was to reform the wholo struoturo of opora usug the lanst or Roothovon developmont of instrumental amurIo' as a basis, and froultg it from the fetters by which convontnalito y blha bound it. Unliko other great mastoers lho not only devoted h?s gonius to one branoh of muilo--theo opera--, but hoe gyrdually.volved a theory wliloh ho parseveringly and consolontiously followed. out to a Hauocesftl end, The WagVner ltoera. ture is enormous, and varies from tinmsoder~to onthuslnasm to fanatlonl hatreod, 