THE POWER OF DRINK. No »r»n In Btrong Enough to Safely Tarn. per Kith It— U«nry VilLon 1. Test, v For be shall bo crcat Id tho bIrM of ih« I Lord, and thall drink neither wine nor strong ! drink: nnd te ■hall U HUM with the Holr Ghost, evra from hi* mother* womb.—Lakn UK. ■ -,■•■. {■■■■;, .:■ : - The might of strong drink is a subject which it is perilous to discuss. It v mightier than public opinion. It defies law, it tramples upon tha rights of hu manity, it breaks every law of the deca logue, or loads to their being broken, end yet it intrenches itself in policies so that a minister touches it nt his peril. Vast sums are invested in tho business by professed Cliristian people The profits are said to bo fabnlocs in amount. It buys ont the law and right The range of subjects open to r.n honest and fear less min'iMw is becoming exceedingly Email. Tho cnortuons evils of drink arc so nppareut and so utterly at variance, with mau's interests wo would suppose that all Christian people would unite in Btnying its inarch; but, alas, snch is not the case. "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thon nor thy sons with thee, when thon goost into the tabernacle of the congre gation lest ye die" (Loviticus x, D).- A clouded brain, a thick tongue wonld not then Iw tolerated in the servica of the Lord. It ought not to be how, either in the pulpit or in congress. God bless tho man who says taut. A Nazarito was separated from strong drink. Strength was the result as in the case of Samson no more Omn of Daniel Webstar, who giive to his youthful training and temper ance tho credit for his wonderful strength of brain, which in later years lie lost throngU strong drink. "And tiiou shalt hnvo joy and glad ness, • • » forhesball neither drink wine nor strong drink." Drink wonld have ruined all this. Tho blue ribbon movement saved not only Spnrgeon's boys, but saved tho great preacher to thecansa of temperance. We need to work this temperance business among tho youth. They can bo taught to sing it and pray it and love it. Nothing can bo more helpful than the turning of the attention of the youth in the public jcbools. John had more than abstinence from wino and strong drink. He was given to Christ from his youth. Let us bring onr children to Christ Surrender tiiem to the Holy Spirit's gnidauce. Nothing can match it. A child well born and raised is half converted. When I went to Boston Mr. Uniac was under tho power of strong drink. Ho went to the war and drank fearfully. In the convalescent camp he was a wreck—head tied up and eyes black. He came to hear Gongh, stopped drink and became the finest temperance orator in the world. One morning, weakened in body, he took some quinine bitters,in which was alcohol. It rekindled the fire which consumed his every hopo and landed him on the lee shore of perdition. Henry Wilson on the other hand shows how safe a man v that refuses to touch it His father and family were drunk ards. God opened his eyes. He changed his name. He refused to taste it with John Quincy Adams when asked to drink. "That," said he, "was my cru cial moment I told him to excuse me, that my parents wero drunkards and if I tasted it I would be gone." John Quincy "Adams sent it from the table and praised him for abstaining. It saved him and ho climbed to the position of power aud influence. Tbero ia oomethiug exhilarating in tho launching of a great Eteumcr that is fitted to brova the' dangers of tha deep. See her as aba moves out loaded to the gunwales. Contrast it with a wreck on the tliorc. Thero is thk difference be tween a child reared to be temperate and one given up to strong drink.—Ser mon by Rev. J. D. Fulton, D. D. 