A GIRL'S SUICIDE. REMARKABLE LETTERS. ';A ooron'er's enquiry was held on April 3 into " the oirsnmatahces attending the death of^ a housemaid named Emmaline Maud .Harris, lately in' service at St."; Mary's School, Wantage, Tiondon, oonduoted by the Sister hood of St. Mary the Virgin. The girl,'who . was; 16: years *of_ age, oonimitted suioide by throwing herself into the canaL The evidence showed that Harris was very fond of reading cheap literature, and this may perhaps aocouns for the'remarkable statements contained .in the letters' whioh she has left behind. On the previous Thursday she received'notice from Sister Henrietta,'; the Xiady Superior,; that her \- services would hot be required after the end of ; July, the reason given being that she did not do her work properly. She afterwards told a : fellow-servant named Martha Emily Belcher, . in a jocular manner, ' that she ; intended^ to drown herself, and on Belcher remonstrating with her remarked, "You will see in; the afternoon." Her body was subsequently dragged out of the water by the_ police. The' following letter written by the deceased was addressed to'the girl Belcher:—"I would ■ have died"without writing a word , to anyone, • only I would have the- people know that I am sane, and that temporary insanity in my case would bo "perfectly absurd. Why 'I am putting ah end to myself iB that I am tired of my life. TherO is nothing :to live for, there fore' I shall die. I shan't be missed mu'oh, I don't suppose. ' They that shed a tear over me . are more than stupid. The world is well rid of me. • I'm sure I shall not rest in my erave before I have .made the 'Sisters of Mercy' . sorry that they ever set eyes on me; before I have done with them I'll frighten two or three of them into the grave. There is only one regret ' leaving, - and 'that, is ' Mr.——. I love him madly." He, I think, is the only one I am capable of loving.' Give my love'to' mother and tell her I am best off where I am'going. ' Earowell, I cannot write \- ■ more. If any girl wants'to be sent to the . devil let her come and live" six months at St. Marv'a sohnoL ' Emit Maude Harexs." <p.s.—For Emma. To be read after I am gone. ■ Another letter was written to a young man ■for whom the deoeased appears to have had a great affection, and was worded thus " Dear Sir—Pardon this intrusion, but die in peace I cannot until I have told you: I love you. Yes, love you with all the btrength of my passionate nature. I am a' stranger to you. • You' have never spoken to me—scarcely ever seen me. When yor^ receive this I shall be standing before the judgment throne in Heaven. Let me tell you my story, and then , perhaps you will pity me. My father and t mother . I- never knew. I have heard that my mother left me in charge of the woman I now call mother. - Two.years, ago I received a letter, as I thought from my own mother, telling me to meet her at suoh a place. I went; no.mother ; but I saw the ghost of a woman in the act . of murdering a lovely lady. That ^.murderer'was the woman I called mother. .Since then my life has been one of misery. I \- have trusted you. I oould not carry that awful . Btory withme to the grave ;i but for the love of God tell no one. I cannot write more. The poison I' have taken is doing its. work. Fare well my darling. Forgive me, my own. I am dying. Heaven . have mercy ; on my i soul! What would you advise me to idol Wait for my money and then hook it, or jump into the .canal 1 . . Superintendent Robotham deposed to find ing a piece of paper in the' deceased's jacket pooket when the body was taken , out of the water. .On theipaper.were writtensorae verses entitled "Forsaken," containing the following • linea. ' • • < . In a room a poor girl lay dying, : ' , Dying, unloved and alooe. Oh! bow he r heart wa9 sinhing For the time long past and gone. These was a time when she was happy Ab happy as ihe birde in the air; : But that time is'now past and gone, And stie lay dying taere. The following is: a copy of another letter written by the deceased':—" To my mother I; love him. I will not show it.Who could help loving him ? I hate him. Oh, God! what am I writing ? I shall go mad. Love at 17\. Is it fanoy or reality ? A thousand times yes. She has got him. Oh J What pain I have suffered through her. Still she may have him; ahe will soon get tired of him. ■ Oh, God ! I am going mad! - Death would be wel-. come here. Is thi3 madness? Agony worse than madness. ' Death, kind pitying death, come. - Mother, let me die. You will not weep for me.' I shall soon be forgotten. If hell is any worse than this, I'll bet, if everT gat out of this'crib,'I don't go~ again to a re ligious place, for I don't hold with such religion as this. Talk about Farmgdon, 'twas heaven to this blooming onb." The jury re turned a verdict that the deceased committed suicide whilst temporarily insane. 