HYPNOTISM IN SURGERY.-Mr. J. R. Cocke speaks very highly in the Arena Magasine of the results which he has secured by sub- stituting hypnotism for opiates in allaying acute pain. He says that ninety per cent ot his patients can be hypnotised in about from six to twelve minutes. His method is to look a man in his eyes and command him to begin rotating his hands. If you tell him to increase the speed and speak to him very rapidly, the Eupils will dilute, and in about twelve minutes e will be in a hypnotic condition. When he Aa about to begin to operate, he connects two small wire brushes with the poles of a Faradic battery, »nd when the electric brushes fail to produce »ny feeling when placed just over the eyebrows, it is safe to conclude that Hypnosis is complete, and the operation can he carried out without pain. Dr. Cocke speaks from experience that..'hjj'pnofism can and will '.supply; the! plaçiè itv the world of medicine now held by morphine and other opiates in from seventy-five to eighty per cent, of all cases in which these drugs are used. He describes a very extraordinary case in which a patient went through constantly renewed operations under the influence of hypnotism, and was brought back from the door of death. In minor dental operations he says hypno- tism is much more efficient »nd lasting than nitrous oxide gas, »nd leaves no disagreeable elïects. WHAT ANARCHISTS AIM AT.-The resolu- tions .passed at the Berne Congress In 1870 put anarchist aspirations in a nutshell :-All things are at an end.-There is an end to property. War to the knife against capital, against every description of privilege, and against the exploitation nf one man hy another.-There is an end of all distinctions of country. There shall he no such thing as frontiers or international conflicts. There is an end of the State. livery form of authority, elected or not, dynastic or parliamentary, shall go hy the board.-Do what you choose. -Everything is everybody's. That is to say, the entire wealth of the community is there for each individual to take from it what he requires. Valet: "There is a lady outside who refuses to give her name. Sue is looking at everything in the parlour, and does just as if she was at home." Mr. Uptodate : " Great Ca'sar's ghost 1 She must either be my mother-in-law orthat woman who is threaten- ing to sue me for a breach of promise." 