A GAME OF HEARTS. CHAPTER I. A warm, drowsy smell of mignon- ette stealing in through the closed venetians, a canary twittering a lazy song in the bow-window, and on the chintz covering couch at the foot of the bed a sleeping girl smiling to herself as she lies there, her hand under her cheek, a pretty idle heap of blue muslin and fair locks and healthy cream-white flesh and blood. A straw hat and an empty fishing creel lay on the floor in the middle of the fresh, airy bedroom, with its bright colors, tall glass, ample wardrobe and little soft white bed. Everything was gay and modern— bath, books, birds, flowers, all the small delights of a young girl's life—except the room itself, which had narrow windows, a high carved mantel-piece and oaken doors, and which appeared to be centuries old. On the book-shelves that hung near the head of the bed Miss Thackeray's ex- quisite stories stood between a Treatise on Fly- Fishing and a Report of the Ragged Schools, which were in turn supported by the "Golden Treasury" and Christina Rossetti's poems. A bust of Tennyson looked calmly down from an oaken bracket, and photo- graphs of Gounod and Nilsson and Capoul commemorated the only opera the young occupant of the room had ever heard. It was getting late. The bars of sunshine that had pierced through the venetian blinds grew fainter, a bell clanged, distant doors opened and shut, but still, the sleepy girl lay and smiled with her cheek on her hand and did not stir. Then the door opened and some one came into the room—an elderly lady in a handsome grey silk gown, with a key-basket in her hand, who bent down to kiss the girl's forehead and said — "Lesley, Sir John is asking for you. He is in his study." Lesley opened her eyes, as blue as two summer flowers, and with a little yawn looked up. "Must I go down, Dolly?" she asked. "Of course." "Who is—is there any one with papa ?" "Doctor Swayne has been here for some time." Lesley laughed, stretched herself, and stood up, shaking but the tumbled folds of her blue muslin dress and the abundance of rough blonde hair that fell down below her waist. "Dolly," she said, going to her long glass and looking at herself, "I am going to get such a scolding. Aren't, you sorry for me ?" "Not if you deserve it, child," was the composed answer ; "and I have no doubt you do." "Cross old thing !" pouted Lesley, smoothing the fair little Gainsborough fringe on her forehead, and then turn- ing and putting her arms round her governess, and squeezing her in a childish hug. "Oh, Dolly, Dolly," she cried, gaily, "why are men such fools ? And what business had Alexander Swayne ever to be born at all !" "You are keeping Sir John wait- ing,'' said Mrs. Powlett, her eyes shining kindly enough on the wilful young beauty. Making a little grimace of dismay, Lesley turned and fled from the room, across a corridor, down a short flight of shallow, thickly- carpeted stairs, and into a square oak-panelled hail filled with the late sunshine that was steam- ing in through wide-open, rose framed windows. At the study-door she paused and tried to compose her face before enter- ing, biting her lips, and smoothing the rebellious dimples out of her cheeks with both hands. "Thank goodness, it is near dinner- time !" she thought. "Papa's lecture can't last long." And so she turned the handle and went in. "At last !" exclaimed a robust red- faced man wearing a grey shooting- jacket and leather gaiters. "At last !." And, breaking off in the impatient tattoo he had been beating on the table by which he sat, he threw him- self back in his chair, and thrust his hands into his pockets, as Lesley ap- proached, demurely holding down her head. There was another person in the study—a tall young man with red ears, who was fidgeting and looking the picture of angry distress as he sat on the other side of the table, facing Miss Bell. He looked at her rater piteously as she entered, and then fell to squeezing his hat in his hands and nervously tracing the pattern of the carpet with the toe of his clumsy boot. Lesley never raised her eyes Lesley," Sir John began, with an evident determination to be as cool as circumstances would permit, "have the goodness to explain this matter to me. Doctor Swayne has called on me to say that he is about to leave Chat- ton." "Indeed, papa!" said Lesley, meekly, as her father paused for a reply. ""When I inquire the reason of this sudden decision, he beats about the bush for an hour, and at last refers me to you !" "To me, papa !" Lesley raised her long lashes with an air of the gentlest surprise. "Yes, to you. I can't conceive what interest my daughter can have, one way or the other, in Doctor Swayne's movements. Perhaps you will en- lighten me ?" Lesley—the dimples coming into play again about her chin—looked down at a little blue ring which she was turning round and round on her finger, and did not speak. "Lesley," cried her father, with an energetic thump on the table which made the ponderous bronze inkstand jingle, "I insist upon an answer ! What have you to say to Doctor Swayne?" "Nothing, papa." Miss Bell's voice trembled with suppressed laughter. I told Dr. Swayne this morning that I would have nothing to say to him." A mischievous ray shot from her blue eyes at the Doctor, who colored more hotly than ever, and seemed to meditate making a bolt through the window and across the grassy quad- rangle on to which it opened. "And what had called for such a declaration on your part?" inquired Sir John, with elaborute composure. "A declaration on Doctor Swayne's part, papa. He had just asked me to be Mrs. Swayne." Here Miss Bell laughed outright, in uncontrollable en- joyment of the situation, regardless of her father's incredulous, puzzled stare and the Doctor's fiery face. The last gentleman took courage now to speak. "Yes, Sir John," he stammered, "I admit that I was—was absurd enough to—to propose to Miss Bell." "Upon my word !" gasped Sir John, rising. "I could not help loving her before I knew, as I know now, that she has no heart at all—only her lovely face— to give to any man." Miss Lesley breathed a sad little acquiescent sigh. "There is no provision in nature, unfortunately, against poor men falling in love—and I did love your daughter —on four hundred pounds a year, and I was insane enough to imagine that she might take pity on me." Doctor Swayne was cooling down now, and speaking with a good deal of quiet force, though he could not keep his foolish eyes away from the arch blonde face that was smiling so care- lessly on his pain. "Am I to understand from your last remark, Doctor Swayne, that Miss Bell ever encouraged that belief ?" Sir John's voice was ominously quiet. There was a pause, and then the sound of a man's sigh, short and fierce. "No," Alexander Swayne said, curtly. "I was a fool—that is all. Your daugh- ter cannot help being so—so charm- ing, Sir John, and I dare say she did not calculate the effect that a few kind words would have on a—on an idiot like me." Sir John turned angrily to his daughter. "What 'kind words' have you per- mitted yourself to say," he demanded, "that can have so greatly misled this gentleman ?" "I can't remember any, papa." " Try !" Lesley put her finger to her chin with a pretty air of giving the matter her gravest consideration, but the Doctor, starting up, begged that the scene might end. "I have no one but myself to blame," he admitted, sadly enough ; "and, if Miss Bell is incapable of seeing any but the ludicrous side of a country doctor's attachment to a Baronet's daughter, it is I suppose, because she has never felt or suffered very deeply herself as yet." Another little sigh of mocking self- pity from Miss Lesley out short the Doctor's admission. "I shall be better away from every- thing that can remind me of my folly," he said, moving from the table. "I am afraid it has come between me and my duty too often already." Very manly and dignified did Alex- ander Swayne look then, in spite of his awkward manner and blushing face. So Sir John seemed to think too, for he held out his hand to the young man with some muttered expressions of re- gret and good will. "Say good-bye to Doctor Swayne," he said sternly to his daughter. "It is not likely that he will care to see you again." Lesley advanced and smilingly offered a cool little hand to her re- jected suitor—but Doctor Swayne only bowed over it with sad eyes and turned away ; whereupon the young lady, shrugging her shoulders and smiling still, sat down and began to draw faces on the blotting-pad. Sir John took up his wideawake and went himself with his departing visitor through the window and across the quadrangle. The sun was sinking behind the stately elms of the park, which lay dark and sombre under the glowing saffron sky ; home-flying rooks were sailing slowly by ; a hundred odors blew in from the wide-stretching gardens. Lesley watched her father holding the doctor for some minutes in earnest conversation, and then once more shaking him by the had, and she re- peated that careless little shrug of her shoulders. But, when Sir John re- turned to the study all her smiles had flown, and she was looking decidedly cross. "Papa, have you done scolding me ?" she asked, coming to his side and leaning her face against his arm. " I shall be late for dinner." . Sir John lifted the face—fresh, downy, blooming—in his two great brown hands, and looked down at it in a kind of wonder. "Late for dinner!" he echoed. "That is your elegy on a brave man's heart, is it ?" Lesley pouted. "Lesley, child, I wonder where your mother's daughter got such a hard little soul ? Not from her," Sir John sighed. "Her eyes were of those that grow. Tender over drowning flies. What makes you so sruel, child ?" "I'm not cruel, papa." Lesley was standing on tip-toe now, and lanting little kisses all over his sunburnt face, on eyes and chin and cheeks and grizzled beard. "Only men cry out so when they are hurt." "They don't cry out before they are hurt, as a rule. Why couldn't you let Swayne alone ?" "He wouldn't let me let him alone, papa. He followed me about like a big poodle. When I went into the village to see my poor people he would watch for me, and insist on carrying the basket for Dolly, and blush and ogle me over the children's sick beds." "But——" "I told Dr. Swayne you did not approve of my walking through the village with gentlemen, but he would come. I suppose he thought he did not count, papa"—with a last kiss on the tip of her father's sun burnt nose. "I am so hungry—may I go ?" With another sigh Sir John took his arms from round his pretty daughter. "How old are you, Lesley ?" he asked. "Sixteen and four months, papa." "And just four months ago I had to endure another scene like this of to- day with our neighbor, Mr. Croker. Lesley. this won't do." "Of course it won't papa. That, is what I told them both. I didn't want to be Mrs. Swayne, and as for Mr. Croker—a girl may not marry her grandfather." "Lesley, I solemnly declare that if I have another application for your hand this year—if I see the ghost of another lover round the place—I—I'll marry again, and then you'll have some one to keep you in order !" "Do, papa ! Marry Dolly. She would make such a nice, comfortable step-mamma !" "I am quite serious, child—so mind. I begin to feel the charge of so much coquetry and levity bound in blue muslin to much for me. Look to it now. And tell Mrs. Powlett she is not half strict enough with you— do you hear ?" "Yes, papa. Do you wish me to dine in my blue muslin binding, be- cause——" "There, you may go,be off !" And Lesley ran out of the room with an exclamation of relief. Her maid was sewing in the bow- window as she entered her bedroom— her white dinner-dress was laid out on the bed. "I shall not want you, Adams," she said, impatiently. "Never mind my hair—you can go." And, as the door closed on Adam's broad country back, the young lady sat down and burst into a passionate fit of crying which reddened her stright little nose in the most unbecoming manner. The loud childish sobs brought Mrs. Powlett from an adjoining room, her face full of surprise and sympathy. "Dolly, I'm so miserable," Lesley said, putting her head down on her governess' friendly shoulder. "And —and papa told me to tell you that you are not half strict enough with me. But you won't begin the now system to-day ?" "I think you have been punished enough, to judge by this tearful face." Mrs. Powlett returned, stroking the hair away from the girl's flushed face. "What has been the matter, my dear ?" "Doctor Swayne has been the mat- ter." Lesley answered, with a fresh burst of sobbing. "I knew he would some day ; but I wish he had schosen any other day but this. It was so fine, and I was so happy, walking across the fields from the river—my dear old fields—when he came up and began to talk about his heart." "His heart, my dear ?" You don't mean that Doctor Swayne——" "Yes, I do," Lesley said, with a miserable nod. "I could not stop him. And then all the sunshine faded, Dolly ; the fields and the hedges and the buttercups turned grey and dull— "As they looked ere he drew near They will never look again' —more's the pity. Mrs. Powlett appeared very much disturbed. "I could not have believed it of the doctor," she said in a grieved done. "What did you say to him Lesley ?" "I laughed at him, dear." "That was wrong." "But he looked so absurd, Dolly ! And—and I hated him so for daring to think of me in that way. I don't want to be grown up yet—I only want to be happy and have plenty of fun." "Yes—but sometimes your fun proves very serious to other people, my child. You know how often I have warned you of tht failing of yours, Lesley. You want to have it all your own way ; but sometimes the men rebel, and then you find it incon- venient." "Then why are men so horrid ?" pouted Lesley. "And why can't they tlak to a girl without thinking of their ridiculous hearts and darts ? I hate them ! Doctor Swayne is awfully offended with me ; but what pity does he show poor little Jane Morris, who likes him so much that she can't hide it from the smallest child in her school ?" "I have always thought that Miss Morris would make the Doctor a very suitable wife," said Mrs. Powlett; "but I don't see what that has to do with——" Lesley kissed her governess by way of putting an end to the sentence. Miss Morris's feelings go for nothing, of course," she remarked im- patiently, "because she is sallow and thin, and has no eylashes ; but she is worth twenty times as much as me." "I think she is." assented Dolly, gravely. "Doctor Swayne has made a serious mistake, my dear ; but you should have let him understand that much sooner, and spared himthe mortification he has just had to en- dure." "Dolly, darling," remonstrated Lesley, "how could I tell the poor, silly fellow was in earnest ? I never though of such a thing. Oh"—here Miss Bell caught sight of her flushed and tear-stained face in the glass— "what an object I am to go down to dinner ! I can't let papa see me. You can make some excuse for me, dear/" "He does not like to dine without yeu, my dear child." "But I must be alone for an hour. My head aches. I will come down in time to give papa his tea.' (TO BE CONTINUED.) 