BISHOP KENNI0N AND CONTINUITY. TO THB lOnOB. , Sir— 'A Discordant Harmony' maintains that 'High (Jburohuien consider the Reformers to be utter scoundrels and un redeemed villain*, and niinv hold that thev were tbe precursors of modern Anarchists, and that it waa the revolt against spiritual authority in the sixweuth century which bss logiually led to tbe revolt against all authority in tbe nineteenth.' I am a High Church man educated in the bosom oi Koman Catholicism, and I can say tbat the above statement is false, very falsa and illogical. I cousider the Reformers to have been a brave, self-denying set of men, and the more I think of the intolerance, orruptioo, and unscrupu lous vilUny |-raotiied in the sixteenth cen tury by the Italian Churoh, both publicly and privately, and how hard it must have been even for a brave man to break out of that den of corruption called ?he Holy Romau Catboliu Church, tbe more 1 admire «uch men as Luther. To call revolters from such supreme authority Antr ohists is eimply to raise anarchism lo a pin Daole of admiration. But it is not so. Look at tbo most Etoiestant membursof the Church ol England in this colony, if that term may be applied to them, and you will find law-abiding intD, and even among those who are called Ditsenters you will find the same. Who are the disturbers of the peace, writers of in Btmmatory letters against the Queen and Government and insulters of the Queen wben the National Anthem is sung? The crew of Peter's voisel. From tbe Gunpowder Plot to the murder of Lord Caveaduh the Protestants h»ve had no hand in it. Who has? That same orew. No one cares mucn for what Dr. Lee writes ; neither he nor the Pope is ths- Church. What has the Pouo and bis supreme authority to do with the Church of England and ber continuity? It is very cickeningtoread tbe maudlin twaddle written about thi* gentle man's supreme authority, who at beat is but a usurper, in whom no truo Anglican for one moment believes. As to the great exodus into the fold of Rome of which ''A Discor dant Harmony' boasts, I can only reply by pointing to llouie, wheie tho Pope bad supreme authority and was surrounaed by an army of servile retainer?, and what do yon 6nd there? The hotbed oi socialism, anarchy, secret Societies, and a deep-rooted hatred of the eupremo authority of the Pope? It is true now and then are dragged into her fold by her trained pra-mlytizors i-illy vain women, addle puled men, needy adventurers, and schemers. I canuot pas* over Dr. Lee's quotation— ' Our blessed L-ird in order to impart and secure visible unity to bis Church founded it ou the primacy and supremacy of Peter'* Chair.' This is simply boili, which has not even a shadow of truth. Then, again, ' the unity of tho whole universal Church Hows fiom the supreme authority of tho See of Rome, which is at oose its root and centre.' Look at Rome, France, Spain, Portuea), and wherever Romanism has had an uninterrupted inninpj, end you find aoything but unity. No, it is like Dr. Lee's ghosts, a my lit. Cardinal Fisher's warning to tbe English Synod is very amusing, vis., ' Beware that yon leap not out of Peter's ship to be drowned in the wares of all heresies, soctr, schisms, aud divisions.' Let us look at tbi* warning. Peter was certainly a foberiuan, and had a sharo in a ship, and on one occasion when at sea he saw Jesus walking on tbe water he leaped out of tbe ship and braved 'the drowning waves,' and found himself safe in the ' arms of Jesus, 'and be ultimately forsook the ship with his partners and followed Jesus. How Peter's ship fell into tbe hands of the Popes no one can tell. Peter's will has not been discovered yet, neither has the other apostles' share in the ship ever been conveyed to Peter. As far as we know Peter had no legal successors either to hi* See or bis pro perty. . It will take a better fisher than Cardinal Fisher to fish up those documents. Now, I would earnestly advise ' A Dineor dans Harmony' to givo up tbe study of the 'Roman Vathers and false Anglicans and to study the Uoly Bible, and to follow Peter's 'example by leaping out of Peter's ship and following the Lard Jesus. As to 'Two and Two Make Four's' kindly reply to my last letter, I would like him to know that I pity hi* mirKuided and blind infatuation. At the same time bis opening remarks aud subsequent rords lemhid me of Judak'* kits. I am t;lad ay letter afforded him amusement and laughter. I will pi re him more food for merriment— I will expose to hi* view a comical bit of Romish doctrine, dogma, discipline, or whatever he may be iiloased to call it. Iu tho writings of Cardinal Uona we find these words :— 'Ob, most sweet Virgin Mary, Mother of God and our Lord Jesus Ohribt, refuge of niuners aud Mother of Mercy, I commit inysnlf this day and ever more to th) |ieuuliar protection with bumble devotion. Place me near unto tbee and pro teot me from all my enemies visible and invisible. Say unto my soul I am thy salva tion. . . . Thou canst do all tbat them wilt in Heaven and eartn, nor can any resist this will.' I should pa«s over all this and clan it with whatever Dr. Lee might say, and I should call it private heresy; but when it is confirmed by supreme authority such as Sextus V., Benedict XIII., Pius VII., then I am bound to look u|ion it as Roman Catholio teaching which has not the authority of Holy Scripture. I have oo objection to your correspondent 'Four' cracking up the Romish Church so long as he does not inter fere with others. It is a free country. If he withes to make the gentleman tbat he says represents Peter superior to God and the Virgin equal to tbe Saviour, it is bis own affair, but when he lays himself out to sell his good* by decrying bu neighbour* as Cardinal Fitter does, then I object. It is very line for 'Four' to draw himself op and eay ' we Catboliu' can afford to laugh at you. Tbat ia not argument ; it is the weapon of the vanquished. It matters not what Pope (.'elwiu* was writing about, tho quotation I nude from hit writing*, viz., 'tbe *acrauient of tbe body and blood of Chriit which we receive aro a Divine tbing. because by them we are made partakers of the Divine nature, and yet theiubaiancoor nature of the bread and wine does not cease to exist,' has to do with tbeuntcripturaldootrine of tran snbsUntiilioo, and *hows hi* teaching. Io another place ho writee, 'We 6nd that tome persons receiving tho holy body only abstain from tbe cup . of the boiy blood, who without doubt (sincn they are withheld by some unknown *u|ierstition) should either re ceive tbe sacrament whole or be repelled from the whole, because a division of the one and tbe same tnyntery cannot occur without a great sacrilege.' All this is at variance with tbe teaohing of the Italian Church of to-day. ?So much for the guidance of the successors of Peter. I do not think it is likely tbat I (ball have anything to do with the Australian Cburcb. I belong to a Church founded by St. Feul, who laid tbe one foundation on 'The Rock, 'as onr Lord said to Peter 'Thou art I'eter oo this Rook (;he divinity of .Tetci Chri(t) ; I will build My Church. 'There i* one fold and one Shepherd ;' and that Shepherd is Christ, and not the Pope. I still contend that tbe case of a Church is analogous to tbat of an individual Christian. Consisting of a great number of. individuals it is subject to the same variations in different »ei*s which an individual may experience in bin own lifetime, and yet tbe continuity of its faith, the substantial identity of its religion, may be always preserved. I am, Sir, &&, 0. ZANX. 