Some of our best literary men do try to write a play for the actual stage to day, and when they do not succeed they shrug their shoulders and say to their friends, ' There ! You see what a contemptible thing play- writing is ! How absolutely it is beneath the contempt of any self-respecting man of letters.'—Nineteenth Century. Popularity is no test of the best teaching. What seems pleasant and easy, the lecture which seems to tell everything, the class which seems at once to lead to success, is not the teaching which calls out effort and sends away the student eagerly and humbly to begin to learn. The best is still taught in parables, and the Sibyl still comes offering books hard to read. They who would have joy and hope—who, that is, would enter into life must take the kingdom by force and learn by effort.—New Review. We must never forget that the end of pun- ishment is to punish. A prison should not be a hell, but it fails of its purpose if it is too pleasant for a purgatory. Is it just or consistent to tell a man ' Thou shalt not steal, even to get thy dinner,' and after, and because he has stolen, to see that he has a good dinner ? Is it right for the taxpayer to feed a rascal to the limit of his appetite, while so many honest men go every night supperless to bed ? Does this tend to make vice odious, or to breed reverence for the law ? —C. J. Bonaparte. Locke, in his chapter on Liberty, says that it is a contemptible freedom which only en- ables a man to play the fool. And a look round should convince us that it is a freedom of the kind which he stigmatises to which progress has brought us. Nobody will submit himself to another ; our whole lives are taken up with interminable discussion ; and nothing, great or small, can be regarded as determined or established.—Blackwood. As a man walks about the street, or stands in a crowd at an ' At Home,' Millais will show him to us full of life and spirit He has never read the inner life of a man as Watts has done. ' Ce n'est pas son metier' it may be doubted whether he believes that there is an inner life to read. A good deal of Lord Macaulay's ' cocksureness' hangs about his renderings of humanity ; they are singularly untroubled by doubts or limita- tions. Perhaps the strongest quality of the pictures is one which is scarce sufficiently recognised—a certain dignity of manhood, a reflection probably from the painter's own character.—Harry Quilter. Every poetic writer of any age precedent to our own has now a chance of popularity— often a very much better chance than he possessed during his own lifetime. Scarcely a poet, from Chaucer downwards, remains inedited. The imitative lyrist who, in a paroxysm of inspiration, wrote one good sonnet under the sway of James I., but was never recognised as a poet even by his friends, rejoices now in a portly quarto, and lives for the first time The order of nature is reversed, and those who were only ghosts in the seventeenth century come back to us clothed in literary vitality. In the great throng of resuscitated souls, all of whom have forfeited their copyright, how is the modern poet to exist ?—Edmund Gosse. I must confess that as a good Philistine, I often felt, and hope I profited by the feeling, that Matthew Arnold in the old Culture con- troversy had pierced me to the quick, and I submitted to his castigations as I have had to submit to the probings of a dentist : I knew they were for my good. And I often wished, I must also confess, that I too had a little sweetness and light that I might be able to say such nasty things of my enemies.—Leslie Stephen. In many ways Dr. Tyndall was one of the most characteristic figures of his time, even if he sometime represented its foible as well as its forte. A man of wide knowledge and wide interest, a hard player as well as a hard worker, poles asunder from the popular con- ception of a savant as a recluse who only leaves his study to take a walk in goloshes on the pavement, he took, at least as long as health was granted, most things ' with a frolic welcome,' and those which he could not welcome in a hearty posture of fight. Others in different classes, or even in his own class, may have had deeper or subtler intellectual insight, a purer style, a greater knowledge of literature and other non-scien- tific things. But few had a healthier, a more vigorous, or a kindlier spirit, and very few indeed had such a gift of easily understood exposition in a day when all things are sup- posed to be capable of being expounded to the people.—Saturday Review. One of the most talked-of novels of the season, ' The Heavenly Twins,' is the work of a woman whose manuscripts were returned to her by publishers for many years with un- failing regularity. She would not be dis- couraged, and at last, in sending out once more an often-returned story, she opened her Bible in search of a comforting text and test Her eyes fell upon the verse : ' The stone which the builders refused is become the headstone of the corner.' She accepted the token ; the manuscript this time was taken and published ; and Sarah Grand had made her first start in literature. — New York Tribune. 