LIFE IN THE GOLDEN WEST. CAMP FIRE AND FOREST TRACK. PETE. (All rights Reserved) (BY " SMILER.") He was a native of the west. His tribe belonged to the Mount Margaret district, and were renowned for their treachery, craft and cruelty. Pete earned a name for himself as an artist amongst the wild devils of his district by the systematic manner in which he wound himself into the confidence of diggers, and then led them astray in the bush, where their horses were speared, their camps looted, and the gold hunters themselves left to battle their way out through the pathless wilder- ness of trees or perish for want of water, He was the most expert liar that ever lived off the stock exchange, and even there he could have held his own with the majority. He was as full of cajolery as a member of Parliament, and as faithless as a prettily painted barmaid, as ugly as an empty waterhole on a midsummer stage, and as merry as a monkey at feeding time. Wickedness was as natural to him as prayer is to a priest, yet he was perhaps the best bushman that ever hunted for gold or water in all the west, and was as quick in his movements as a pawnbroker looking for profits, and as noiseless as a lizard on a sand track. Short of stature, small limbed, neat in the saddle, faultless as a bloodhound on the track of man or game, owning an appetite that was as boundless as a mother's blessing, and eyes and teeth that any girl in the land might long for—the inside of a crow was never darker than his eyes, and the sheen of his teeth was like spilled milk on a black dress suit.—That was Pete. When I picked him up I was starting on an exploring trip from Coolgardie through Kurnalpi on to Peake's Find, and away \- thence - through unknown country that lay away to the north-east of Mount Margaret, and thence across to the rich reefing country believed to lie away towards the Ninety-Mile mining camp. The folks laughed when I said I was going to try and do it, for they reckoned the water famine would soon stop me and prophesied that I would soon be back again, or be lying with my horse bleaching in the sun somewhere in the line of march. But when I told them that Pete was to be my guide and companion they invited me to have my head felt for signs of incipient lunacy. Again and again they told me how he had gone put with his digger near the Ninety-Mile and how the digger's bones were found bleached white a year later ; how he had taken Kearnan and Saunders and others out into the bush and left them there. I had heard it all before, and meant to risk it, only telling Pete that if he played me false sooner or later I would get him, and would surely shoot him. He undertook the risk with a joyous grin that even now seems to rise before me as plainly as hoof prints on a salt plain, and determined me to chance him: for,he told me of a reef rich in gold which he would lead me to and he and I started in the full expectation of a good time in front of us. Pete rode a little bay stallion and led a pack horse, whilst I rode a brown gelding that had carried me many a mile, and another pack horse jogged along in front. Little befell us until we came to Kurnalpi, when Pete became nervous each time he met a white man, and it did not escape my notice that every digger glared at Pete in a way that could not be considered soothing. As he jogged, through the far end of the camp that led between two wide stretches of alluvial ground upon which prospectors of all kinds and color were at work, a couple of men stepped out on the track and caught Pete's horse by the bridle, and the nigger turned so many colors in the next ten seconds that if I could have bottled them I would have been the owner of a first-class rainbow. One man held the bridle, and his mate held a pick handle, and I must confess that he did not keep the "coon" long in suspense as to his intentions. With one long steady pull he jerked the dusky warrior from the saddle ; then he let go of the collar and caught hold of the wool, then the pick handle fell in long steady rythmical strokes on shoulder and neck, and saddle seat, and sirloin until Pete was one big bruise from hair to heel After awhile the white man threw the nigger from him with a curse, remarking apologetically to his mate— "It's no good, Bill; I couldn't give him any more without spoiling the pick, and the damned nigger ain't worth that." Pete' did not wait for an invitation to move on. He dashed off along the track, making straight for the bush, and as he went the prospectors along his line of march hurled junks of dirt and old tins at him as a hint that they were sorry to part with him. Pete had been at Kurnalpi before, and upon his last visit had robbed the tent owned by the gentleman who wielded the pick so gracefully and after robbing it had thrown a lighted fire stick into it, and for the offence he had been beaten until every corner had been knocked off his carcase, though the men swore he had never been square. Hitching the packs up as well as I could I pro- ceeded upon my journey alone, thinking that Pete and I had surely dissolved partnership. Butt when a mile or two of bush lay behind me I happened to look back, and there sat Pete as cool as a cow-shed on the little bay stallion, and he merely smiled at me, then turned and shook his fist in the direction of Kurnalpi and his digger friend. If God had endowed me with as mnch commonsense as he usually gives to a sea serpent, I would have shifted Pete there and then, but a fool and his folly seldom part company, and so Pete remained. For a couple of days he wai as calmly content with life in general as a week-old bride, but at last he began telling me of a spot he knew of where gold could be picked up off a splendid reef. At first I declined to be tempted, but we all know the story of Dame Eve and the apple, and it was not long before that black serpent had that golden pipin wedged between my teeth. I knew well enough that nearly all the new discoveries had been made by the blacks leading prospectors into the vicinity of the rich finds, and at last consented to follow Pete off the track into the untrodden bush, only warning him that if he did not find gold he would probably find a grave. He smiled, and Pete's smile was a chapter in blank verse. Straight as the course of a falling star was the track he steered through the bush, never swerving to the right hand or to the left, for he was a faultless bushman, though he might be a faithless servant; On the third day I noticed that our stock of water was almost gone; and that the horses were nearly dead whipped, for they "had not quenched their thirst for nearly thirty hours " How much further. Pete?" " Nothing far, boss." " When will we strike it ?" " Little fellow walka: nothing far now." " Go on, then. If we are not on it by sundown we go no further." That night as the sun was dipping below the tree tops we came in sight of a euperb looking reef carrying quartz and ironstone, and my heart gave a solemn thud as Pete cried joyously, Plenty gold in that fellow !" And as I threw off the saddles and hobbled the horses, I looked up towards the stars as they came peeping down at us, and my soul was full of triumph, for if the nigger did not lie I could go back to the far off east a free and independent man. No longer would my pen be at the beck and call of others, and bright were the dreams that I wove as the night wove on. Yet my faith in the coon was not boundless, and all night long I lay awake with my revolver in my hand watching him as he slept rolled up in his red blanket, and I promised myself that if he tried to slip away in the shadow of the starlight I would send his black soul to join the Christy choir in the land of spooks and goblins. But no child ever slumbered more serenely than Pete did that night. The parched horses hung around the camp nibbling the dry grass and shaking their bells, filling the air with the melody that makee the bushman's heart turn towards the friends long left, and conjures up dear old home scenes which cling around the portals of the soul like ghosts cling around a graveyard. Breakfast was an early meal next morning, for I was at fever heat to test the golden storehouse that my black guide had led me to. And long before city men had given their wires the first chaste salute as their heads lie upon snow-white pillows we were "specking" the reef. What a beautiful body of stone it was : 10ft. wide, kindly in appearance soft and generous looking, and ribbed with slate, and three miles in length, for I could trace it winding in and out amongst the trees from my post of vantage on its highest pinnacle. If if carried gold in payable quantities I was a golden king. Gods ! how my heart throbbed. How my hat began to shrink until it became too small to sit in comfort on my swelling head, as I saw myself in a position to get even with some men with whom there is a big debt of hatred to be settled some day. As a woman stands with her destiny in her hands afraid to move, so stood I, fearing to put my fortune to the test. But Pete was not built like that. He had vouched for the existence of gold on the reef, and now as I stood dreaming he was fossicking, and my visions went skyward when the imp came dodging up to me with a run and a scramble, holding a piece of milk- white quartz in his hand. "What is it Pete? " The voice must have been mine, but I hardly knew it, for it was hollow and savage with ill-suppressed excitement. "Pete ketch'm gold this time. Miles !" Gold ! Gold ! Gold ! Yes, it was gold, light, burnished and yellow, a piece big as a pea imbedded in the fragment of rock "Where did you get it, Pete ?" " Ketch'm jess there ; knock'm off that big fellow stone." "More, Pete, more! Get more, quick, you black serpent, quick ! Get me more gold !" The madness of the gold fever was in every vein, tingling through my blood, boiling in my brain. Talk of madness ; there is no madness to equal this. At that moment a lunacy commission would have settled my future destiny in ten seconds. Pete moved away a few paces, stooped and picked up a fragment of rock, broke it and threw it to me. Then I yelled, threw up my old felt hat. danced and sang. Then once again I looked at the stone. No mistake about that; there was the gold as big as an acorn—a noble piece of dull reddish yellow metal, and I was a millionaire, a prince in pocket. Then I seized Pete by the arms and capered round and round with him to the tune ol Boom-de-aye, and Pete good, kind, black Pete—he laughed and yelled, and danced also until I could scarcely stand. I had called him my own black brother, my king of coons. There and then I had given him all the horses, and my gun, and sheath knife, and belt aud pouch, and covered them all with blessings as big as- blankets, and—sent him for more gold. He went, and I sat down and placed my treasures between my legs, and laughed as I fondled them. Then, by the magic of their presence, bright pictures rose. Once again I was in the sunny south. My gold had bought back the dear old home that had gone when the silver boom burst in the great cities. Again l saw my mother's well loved face smiling amidst the -rose shrubs in the garden where I had played as a boy. The curtains waving in the haze of fancy fell still further aside, 'and those I loved stood with me in the little Paynham churchyard looking at a noble marble shaft that towered above a Spot where a brother and a father eleep side by side. Another change, and we stand before a lovely hospital for" little children, and on the foundation stone my name is printed, for my money has built that place of rest, and little sickly children art peeking from the windows, pouring blessings on the digger's head. Pete comes again and again, and each time he drops a piece of golden stone in my lap, and each stone brings a vision with it. What shout is that which seems to catch my ear ? Is it the hoarse roar of thousands on Flemington cheering my horse as he carries the gold and green colors to victory in the Melbourne Cup of 1898 ? Again the nigger comes and drops a stone into my hands—a queer stone marked with parallel bands of ironstone, in which the gold shows as thickly as cherry blossoms in the old garden at home in the spring. He smiles and waits for the wild words of praise that have bean showered upon him before ; but they do not come. All the blood in my body has turned to mud, and the sun turns black. I glance from the stone in my hand to the grinning nigger before me, and the sun changes to 'red—a deep red, the red of blood that men shed in their wrath. I drop the stone and pick up others. The coon shifts uneasily from leg-to leg, and his grin goes for a holiday. I laugh then, but there is something in the sound which does not bring an answering ecko from the black lips of my guide. A cold numbness is on my limbs such as men feel when the death angel has kissed one who to them is dearer than life, or health, or liberty or honor. Again I murmured. "Fool, fool, fool !" for now I know the truth. Every stone before me was an old friend. The nigger had robbed Tom Bowers' specimen case, and had fooled me an if I had been an orphan foal in a green grass paddock. Gone were all my hopes of bright days in the future, gone all my joyous dreams; but pick handle was left, and so was the nigger and with one wild bound Pete and the pick handle met, and when I danced upon him, walked upon him, choked the ly- ing tongue half out of his black throat, cursed him and kicked him. I felt that part of my duty to my fellow man had been fulfilled. and as he slunk away into the bush I fired at him and missed him and then I got into the saddle and felt sick. There, where no eye could rest upon me I sat and trembled as a child trembles, or as a man does after a mortal sickness, and what I said unto my soul in the stillness of the mighty forest no man shall ever know; and as I slept that night, worn out and weary, mr good black brother Pete, whom I had admitted into my family circle in the morning, stole into my camp, looted it, and got away with a horse, saddle and bridle and my best camp equipments and now I am longing for one more glance at my black brother : just one more glance—along a rifle barrel ! (To be continued.) 