A SOLDIER'S SECRET. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KING. [COPYRIGHT. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] American Press Association. CHAPTER IX. Pursuant to his orders, Major Berrien, with his battalion of the Twelfth, had been scouting the open country that lay to the north-east of the cantonment. So alarming had the situation become, so significant if not actually defiant was the manner of the Indians whose lodges were pitched all over the prairie around the agency that the com- manding general had caused intrenchments to be thrown up on every ridge overlooking that threatened settlement. Additional troops, including a strong force of infantry and detachments of light artillery, had been sent to the scene. Hotchkiss and field guns were placed in position commanding the Indian camp, and night and day the earth- works were heavily manned and sentries, out- posts guarded every approach. Meantime the main body of the hostiles were still ghost dancing and howling through the wintry night far over to the north among the breaks and chasms of the Bad Lands, so strong in number and so secure from assault within the lines of their natural fortress as to laugh to scorn all premonition of disaster. Runners had gone to every tribe urging con- certed action and united revolt. Every day brought new accessions, and all that was needed to enable them to bid defiance to the encircling force was the arrival of the great bands that had broken away from the reser- vations along the Missouri, followers and would be avengers of the old chieftain, Sitting Bull, who had died in harness, a rebel to the last. Brule and Ogallalla, Unepapa and Minneconjou—here were the warriors, re- enforced by many a new grown son, who had fought the white soldiers summer after summer, time and again, in the bloody days of the past decade—the Brules especially, once restrained by the wisdom of old Sinto- galiska, now ripe for any deviltry and well- nigh unanimous for war to the knife. Without noteworthy incident, Berrien's command had circled around to the east of the sacred lines of the reservation, had spent a day or two exploring the breaks and ra- vines of a dozen little streams flowing into the Wakpa Washtay, had located trail after trail of travois, pony and lodge pole tracks, had scoured the wide valley of the main stream, but without sight of a single warrior, much less a war party. The still smoking ruins of two ranches told, however, of recent visitation, and the hoof marks of cattle mingled with the pony tracks pointed un- erringly whither the spoil had been driven. Meantime, while nothing could be seen of the wily red man, every hour gave new proof that their own movements were closely ob- served. Signal smokes went puffing sky- ward on almost every side, and the night sentries declared that twice before dawn of two successive mornings they had dimly seen shadowy horsemen darting over the neigh- boring ridges and heard the thud of nimble hoofs. Even in the faded gray of the bunch grass, even on the hard frozen ground, ex- perienced eyes could find corroboration of the story. Oaring Indian .vouts wero over on their flunks and front and rear, making no overt tnovn aeHiust Ihein, l.ut keeping th« inistilo ramp fully informed n£.everytliing that was lining done and watching ivstlessly for oppor tunely tojiut.uff. pyery^stiayiii',' charter, lo cut dotyn uvury slja»i;liiig mail. Knowing all tliis full well, Jliirrien 1i4d given strict orders-i-m-itliRr officer nor trooper was per mitted ito leave tllR column liy day nor, tint 1'ivounc I'y^iii^liijjl^nd now, its mission ac complished. TluT column had Ktnrtefi ' om re turn uqotn-li, and up to tliis lium no casuality liail occurred. Hn long ns Ihr isolated Imt taliou was nioviijg,flojt«0i«hi::iiostil« camp, Hearing every hour tlm overwhelming array of «1 ? niiinv nnd separating itself farther nnd fnrtjier from friendly jsupports, no Imr had Ik-bii put to its progress. Hut no* the Iniiau sciuitR could seo that it was turiiiii' liack, pro\ia».1y inHhn ^iope of regaining the cnntoiitnent unmoli'sted. It wns n sunshiny Dc'cnnlicr aftnrnoon ; the air was ns fclrar as n liell, -thn clouds that oliscuiiod tin; eastern sjty at dawn had long since drifted out of sight, and in nil its liro.id expanse the pule liluo vault of thn heavens worn not so much ns as a feiflher of vaj-or. Who Jhat rodi; in the laughing, chatting, j-iunty uoluinu iliiit sporkling day couhl rea lize the change a frw hours might ellixt on the Bi'ent Invezisless solitudi-s around them} At noon thn tun -vtax so warni that uiiuiy ft trooper had giripjied ofl°4iis henvy ovi-rcnat Hml lurned up the fhips of the rough fur cap. Kxceptin the dci-n rmines hardly nny snow was lo Im si-en. The dull grey surface of the riillinc pniii-ie, wave after wave, lay husking, and the Iradoss lirnnclios of the coltoimouds overhniiging thn frozen pools weiv glistening sparkling in tlm lifegiving rays. Tlmailvanve pimnl, nfler hreaking t !??? iue apd treuting «li«ir horses toil -mouthful *-f waU-r nt the Ktipam, had muved on at a lirisk trot, and now tin- stalwart riders were spreading out in i-xtendrd ordi-r as they lireasled the slopp. Out to too west, full live hundred yards the wary flankers could U-. seen, son-e crossing tin- stream farther down th« valley, while o'her cotnradns nppenred over thu harren lidyrs liohind, that no sneakingjon might rrawl up unolisrrved niicl send a lung range tnilli-t from its shelter down into the swarm of troopers at the ford. So, too, the llank eis to the east and thtt'sturdy little knot of n-ar guardsiiu-u just popping up over th» di vide no n-ceiitly cnnsed. alHuld of ccast-lpss ^iv'MMll-?eilo|| ..very siilo, Derrieii htis not ridrti-n the Siniix trail n seme of yi-ars for nothing. He inkm no clmnces when; the se curity of his wmuintid i^ conerrned, nnd has small opinion of the lender who sulji-cts thi.Mii to nordless risk. And now one after Another tin; four troops riili- into close column^ on the iioithwurdi lunik ; the men dismount, unsaddle, and -prep f«-ntly, with side linns in IipiiuI, each trngflfe l»n-lin-: his fnilhful Kteeil, (In- four l'''-jJj3B guid-dto tliu sepnrati! grazing yrouiv flHn ready chosen nnd 'pre-empted' l.y ^?|cK u«iil(ii suluiltiTiis or sergi'ttnts. Thei S^^B side linen are ciirefully adjusted,, the li !$$& Blip|i'-il iif}', thiTi' nr four iupii rciip'iiii ii ,^ur' die us bi-rdguard and the horses arc itft^tO, *?»? * .... 'A,'~w*. . mm p'flf t?4ind 3 J)j«Jbv^ Viijces '^s^|i(!. .jiiinn ; fineln STJ^ll^oi^r^l^^^jM^^^i^^jjJ^ io'ws tlm ti.iiiilli-B aiiirt-^'5r|SJAts^u-e aligned : JjpiUl^U;iuxt^»Olj_inaii'fi jeiiWiiiie iiid lmlt nt Jii- Raddle. iTuger^fs'lnranMSwiiilJliuiketR ?Jiro unsif«|Jjiiffl^i^sp^J^i^ nijjI^tJHs lishe.i while tint tropp olliuj-rs . ore lookiiis:- to' tlie cmiifoit nnihsectjl-ity of tlieir horsnB, Miij'jr JiiTrieii,%1l-Vn-{'-d'|fi*y::a'.'iiii^aJoAI-M:ly;(' ♦k ridina ii'iout. frqjij'.jifiiiit to point to satisfy liiilisrlf tliut tlm fjuinds are stationed wln-re lii-sl they' can si-curo Hie. liivuuac. aguiiist: surprise.' . ? ? ' Tlie.jtiiige t» (lin^outlityest is Iiigher than ?thrTst; VJiich limit tin; viHw at other points, flYiil (liitlii'r Uerrien is now titling nt easy 1nj-p,£ Itolfonnd Hnzintt, watching him for n moment, exchange an appreciative nod as tiify .Iii-nr froin ihe «r,oup'of soldiers ot rtie nearest camp (ins some lirawiiey son of tho 'old sorl'ilniiark, 'Just luck at the ould juaii now ; siire. it's n Btnnrt rediikiii that will ever get througi the pickets ho posts.' Wot sinco ilin 'clays of old ' Major Slowtjrot,' old ' Pap' ?flionms, has thnre -»een a battalion coin inauder lietter loved Uy tho rank and file. ''£ hey | -know nothing will over induce him to forget one precaution for tiii-ir safety, and re ward his cam with loyalty of devotion jjood to see. Wniching him still further, Hazlett notes flint u distant vedette has signalled, uud llnit Uerrii-n, slowly now, is riding up the slope to join hin-. A surgeant hns sonu; ques lion to us-lt »t tin- tiio:nent, and when Ifuzlctt ngaiu ioolced out to tint southuest, major, orderly mid verdelte h.ive dijnppearcd from view around u little Mull. Other vedettes can I* swu nt t l.wir posts on' nil sides, ami a few dhitununle'l so tries lying prone where, uiisemi thi'insulves, theycan suan thecouutry to their front. Oat HazU- tt.'s curiosity iscuceitnd Uy the fact that two men, men; specks in the distance, ntc huddling together nt the crest hnlf a mill; nwny to the south west and evidently wnlching same out at tlieir front nnd motioning 'to I heir sergeant luick with lint supports Presently this trooper, »oo, trots out to join (hem. IJerrien mil Ins parly are siil) out of eight from ciinip. ' Cnptitin, may I liorrovv your (ieldulosses ?' uskexl Sir. ItreuBter, swinging up to thu tiro where Hnzlett stands. ' I have lent mine to the sergeant of the --uiird.' ' Did yon 6i-e where the 'irij.ir went !'' asks linzl-itt liy way of reply, as liu hands the de sired instrument. ' I hist saw him at tliu point yonder. He rode around it with Sergeant Ellis and a couple -if iui-ii, ami that vedette must hav» Imeti calliu,' tr) him. It seems to mi; they've lieen gone some time ; so Goiliiim s.iys I can ride out dn'd find out wlut it means.' 'I'd go with yon, Brevvster, hut my horse is out at. herd. Take tho glassjs with you, anyhow.' Hrewster's liig Mack is led up at the moment, and the lieutenant quickly mounts uud canters easily away. Meant in.e, old lterrinu, who has noted the signals of iIih vi-di-tte. refi-rrej to. has joined him, with the iiricf inquiry, ' What' is it, Scott 1' ' Why, air. I' was posted here liy (ho ser geant, and he had no sooner gone than I saw what I took to fie hoi-seiiiKini in the valley several miles out yonder to the southwest. The major enn tee (he whole country from a liuUe that lies perhaps three hundred yards farther out 'i.-youtl the ridge. Rut hern coiues'thn si- Fgia.iit Imi-k, sir.' Itis]!llis, cuuteiing li'riskly from tliciuKuii ce.il position Scott Ims desigiiated, and coming tuwards lliein liow around tin- shoulder of the l.lutt'u little to the ri^ht. 'Thnt Ellis h.is seen something is evident, his face shows it in an insiunt. ' An Indian wur purty, major, ,p -rhip? a dozen, rode from liehind a long riil^e o-'er to lh-! west and down into the valley of what I tnke to lie a Itrauch of tl)u Porcupine. That liutte hides u.good deal, of the valley ; but we can see it from thore, though. ' ~ .'You Ihreu men eomti with me,' says Ben ii-u quietly. 'We. must look into this.' Two minutes' lope livings them to tV liulte Ellis has pointed out. Leaving their liorsi-s with the orderly, Deirien, tint sergeant and iho sentinel no ?'crouching- up (ho hither slope, throw ..themselves on the ground and omul to the summit. As the vedette has said, (he whole country for miles in every direction can lie seen— a. country of liold con tours, of linrit, rounded liiull's and buttcs, of deep, shadowy ravines nnVgulclies— n coun'* try liare of trees save the gho-tly, leafless cot tonwooils perched l.y the hanks of many a frnzen stream. Miles and miles to the north and northwest llie wild ludjiui lutic! spicatls l«-fore their vye. Close at haii'Vliillowy and alirupt, the ridges follow. or intercept one an other in rapid succession. Thu face of tin; land is cut up into tor tuous ' ln-eaks,' tin- deep, narrow lieds of countless little streams, all winding tributary to the river I hut flows plueidly nwny to the northeast in tlie in the liiond valley from which the column marched at duwn. Ui-yond that, west of north, clenrly, sharply defined in the distance, already nl t'-rnntiug elating surface and ghostly bhade under the slaiititig ruys of tin westering kun, a tuinliling muss of jugged1, fantnslic tlaipes, a tangle of vertical clifiV and seueied and furrowed wollsva lnliyrinlh of gorges, pullics, washcil out'clminiels, deep, litiick crevices, and l.rond, yuwniug, impiss al.le gulfs, the storied l!ad Lauds of Dakota, shunned liy nil except the renegndu and out iiuv in the past, now huliitalilc oi.lv. liy the Indian. Itt-yond these, fnint and d'ini in the distance, thfe snow covered, pino crested sum in its in the Blm-I; Hills. All the rest of the «uif;ice,-ast, west, and south, a frozen Kea of :: [rn)'i St'iliufl '''re ai:d there in tin- declining niys ; ,n«id them oil' to the south-Wt-st, per , nips hjfe miles uwny, lies tho lyilley -into . |hichf |i-! parly nl dusky wnniors has gal i |ped fefshort a time lieforp— the vnll,y \,e. jtuul Sliifch, Ql lung, long dny's mnrcli awoy, ^ids tlm guarded camp. of comrade soldiery JiRailiug their return. Beinen studies^io |icciie loiigand carefully tin ou^li his glaiBSpS'. Intoi niodiate ritlges mil not inauy, but they lire sharp and clearly defined, ' ' ' ^^Sndiili^Vsss^JJiRt^Jlpi^g^^iij^ ?i'1 ?«««-?. %:/:':?',.,; -.?..//??' ? '?;;?: ^'.'^ . 'Thijr ^er'ldinly^lid, «sir— ^LpoTijinajorr iont^'inHJeri rTinother iiandraitl from-os^ abily the same jilaue.' O 'Vil^vl'''' ' *.''A jittie li-svy of -]»rlc plijfcf.s daris'surtcien 1y iiito 4-i« v frondtrt-niud ftiJcSrtainlike -iivid-! ar»jilj7Ki.ies^B]ldiuiiiing over a level stretclrtbwnrd the 'ibw-lands of the vall-y. Uirrifirs glasses seamed glued to liisnyes. ?? 'Twenty of (Ii.hii in liiat party ! What do *hey seel ? Wlial's tjuiiplifi'rry^i -Thiiy would iiot expose iiieiiiseKies tb'-pur 'yiew-^uuk'SS there wore jjrgent iu.'i;dij:pr^sfe''1.y ' ?? j-' ' The old row) coVups^^'r, fiyj'inMWt .'djjii'c tion,«ir,' ansWi« Ellis. 'Wo left it a _few i hours out from the catitonmeut, as jou're uiemlier. Can anything haVe%ecii%eeit along tliat rottd-.togive^-ise to signal smokes 1'' L ^ ' Dei Wen. turns linlf tiver oiift * fb6ics'*lc?eiiiy* into die sergea.nt's intelligent facejl.' - 'That road lias hecn aliaiidqueii for weeks past. Everyhody to the east of us hut taken refuge at tlm railway 'long since. Nobody would lio coming from thai direction.' ' I know tliut, sir ; hut would not any de tachmimt soining from (|ie agency to meet us, for iiiRj^iiice, lie apt to kwp tho voutl 1 I' uiidi- rntood we wcrerto s'triku for it in the.*1 morning and follow it in.1' Again .-Burrk-u gazes Jou^aud earurslly through the binocular. 'They ar« certainly heading for that road am) riding nt full speed, lfow ninny men have you at this front t' he quickly asks. : ' 'Just eight, sir, all toid, Imt night more are almost «i;hin cull over on our hift Uiink. Yonder is the rldgi: where my men m-e pos ted.' And Mii'ii points to their left roar when: 1 i-M- -the low crest. ?. . '?? ;';../ ?'Just keep a good lookout here, sergeant. f will move them over this way and (hen ride lo the. left Hank. My horse, orderly.' And, thinking deeply pvor the. matter aE he rides, Uerrifii spurs into a ''lively 'rdan'.er across im intervening dip fii 'the prairie; 'Sonic mischief ahead,]' he mutters. ''They are not speeding up that valley for nothing. We may have to saddle and get over there.' Not tu-o hundred yards has Jie i Mdim when from (hi; point u liioli he has just quitted there comes a sudden yell of warning, fullon-od al most instantly by two shots in quick succes sion. Tlien liaug ! liaug ! another two, and, us he whirls aliout, (hu first object tlmt meets his startled gaze is Ellis' handsome black horse plunging to earth almost at the edge of a siiallow ravine some distance out in front of the liutte. ' My OoJ, 6ir,' cries the orJerly, 'Ser- geant Ellis is killed. Berrien's 'heart bounds.' There., face down ward upon tliu sward, motionless, just a few foot away from the plunging, d.-ath stricken horse, lies the sergeant, his carliinn dropped from his nerveless hand. At the -same inst ant red, glitterin-;, ln- daulied -vith paint, be spangled with cheap' liiiery, fVo young Indian braves lash their ponies into furious gallop as they shoot -up out of the shallow ravine, and rifles iu hand, coupstiuks advanced, race madly toward the stricken trooper in eager effort to secure the trophy of their prowess, the coveted sculpof (he fallen foe. j ' Your carbine, man !'' yells Uerrien to his i orderly. 'Quick! Shoot that leader!' And putting spurs to his snorting horse, reckless of the fact that he is amird only with revolver and that the ravine may In: full of Indians, thu veteran soldier drives full lilt at the charging braves. He thinks only of the fact that one if his men lies pros trate, and helpless before them. They are al most upon Ellis lu-foru lWriru has galloped a rod. They nre within twenty paces of him when, with a sliout of delight, the major sees him whirl suddenly over, grasp his carbine, uud, all iu a second, tlm flume leaps from the. bronzed uiuzzln, the foremost warrior drops his rifle, whirls up a clinching, convulsive hand and topples headforemost out of the suddle. ? Scott, ilio vedette, echoes with at; 'otlni- shot that kicks up -the dust close under thu second pony's Hashing heels. Its red rider veers iu broad circle to the right, and iu the twinkling of an --ye the feathered war bonnet blows low over the pony's stretching neck. Berrien's bullet whizzes harmlessly above, and tlm innjor himself, borne by tin rush of his half maddened sti-ed, dashes on past Ellis, now kneeling for another s'lot, 'and goes crash iuto the midst -of a littli! knot of yelling warriors just bounding ap out of (lie gully to the rescue of their stricken comrade. ' B -s-:, my wife ; Winnie,' are the only wor-ls he t;ineor thought to muttjr, for instant tl'-ath seems inu% itablc. But all the old lighting instict is upper most, and almost in the face of the foremost Sioux his revolver blazes its challenge, ami horse and pony iiim:t in a Irc-iiit-mlous shuck, uud the lighter stued goes tumbling and roll ing over the turf. TJiern is rhortis of yells, shots, soldier diners, thundering hoofs. Then, .is a vision of 'littering steel in front of his ??yes, of hideous painted face, a sudden sense of stumble and stunning fall, a thrill whoop of triumph, changing into the death cry, nnd while his Brole. atitngonist goes crashiuu down, pony uud all, I!errien is conscious of of the superb leap of u big thick charger over his owji prostrate form, of a stentorian cheer from half a dozen trooper throats, and the next minute Brewster is kneeling by his side, raising the honored gray head in his strong young arms, jirid tlm voice that tliundeied in \ battle, cry but mi iuttuut agoiie is trembling now ns Im eall6 for a canteen of water am.! bills his half stunned commander not to strive to move. ?' \Ve\e got 'two of (hem, sir, oil right,' he whispers, Ineatlilcss, but well knowing that to be (lip best n«ws he can give. 'The rest got away and left a bullet holu in your shoulder.'' CHAPTER X. ''^j Since you nsk me, sir, 1 most distinctly Oppose its bring referred to Major Bcrrien. He is doing well,' but the e\citviuvnt might bring ou fercr— and disaster.' '?? *' ._ .... .'rf: ? . '* ? jtlsnjwintlj Ji^at-ijinfl iieeminoaniygf^itjwigli e.very^oosiVrair.flf sanvas' ftbouSFThi^flr^wdi'^ *atitoiiiiiejtts:;*Iitleitaiir11iorsM'flVWr^i^e;t. imiiBSvUhroija^ccord w^-re ^uriiing^taiMo iA}if0ilacU noj;th«efit and pawing the hard, and frozen ground in nrrvojjs disquiet^ Tlin oidei'ly. wlp sudde'nly K^ppCj;^nl5ii|HiieSi tfiit was ' folio wnd by a few-^-Myi^illifc^Ji m5 sitliw*and tl,(. (irst iiittteli lie ijifutk ijlf^ie eflort to 'iialit the colonel's fluid sJaH$':*fis puffed out in a twinkling. . ~ .,? § 5 ./'Give my compliments to . Mr. UmwR^ers and ask him to step in heri-,'i-6nidjt^ cq)on el after -n moment's Kilmioe, and t|(^^rlli!i% jinnisJied. / ' if1 '? ?? In. the camp of the Twelfth; wiieVfTJerrjen was Universally Imloved, three names had: bceiijOti every lip sincn the battalion's return. -rrfhosR of lliK gailniTMnaior1iinisi!lf,''-)f Irou teiilant Urawslcr amJ 'of Se'rgeiint Ellis. Pujufully shot nntl ;iiri)iscd ^though, Jin wok, Bprrien's witsjiad irever'hift'Jiini. ' JIh-was (losillve tlmt the rusli of war parties toward the old roa.l portended mischief, timc! despite tlm lateness of the hour lit; 'ordered- thu pit-, tallion to saddle nt oiice'^o'nd''riiavcli';io'-he Porcupine. From tlm r.handoncd lodge poles iounirl along the^banks pxperienced hands had quickly lushed^ together ojcojnfo|-i«1'ile Jitter. Betwcieu lliefin improvislied shaft's two of the most seilute o^ '.llie-f-ldcrljr-pae.k Jiiules wnrn lin.rnp.53ed .fore ftivd aft. A bed of rijbes nnd blankets was hung midwayj and while Rolfe nud Kur.lelt pushed alienH, scout inn every ridge and ravine -with thi-ir keen eyed slcii'inisliers, Gorlmni and Thorpe followed, escorting their be.loVed chief. : Just, as Avas anticipated, at nightfall the distant flash and .'eport of rides proved that the Jiostili-s \vere busily at'wofk in some, devil try or otlipr nnd, launching forward at a gallop, Jtolfn's long line swooped down into the valley in time to send the yelling' circle uf mounted wnrriors whirling away into the ravines bpyond the stream, and to rescue n little squad of scouts nnd troopers, a mere handful, who hud ventured forth with dis patches tor lWrien's command and were lighting for life bdiind tlieir slnughtoreil horsps. Two were already sorely wounded nnd all would doubtless have lost their scalps but for thr veteran .major's clear judgment nud the sense of duty that triumphed over physical p«i(i. 'The ould man's clear grit nil through,' sniil his invariable eulogists, the troopers. Jiut there would luve. been no dear old man 'left to them, aa Ellis and Scott had borne testimony, -Inid it not been for Brewster's daring charge iuto the midst of the red war riors. It wns his bullet that laid low the savnge brnndisher of th-: knife just as he would have cashed tlm bravo old major's throat ; but ?' White Wolf' had counted his last coup and, stripped of his finery, lay stif fening on tlic pruirie a painted corpse, await ing funeral honors at tho hands of his howl ing comrades. (To hi :eontinntd) . . .»? 