CHAPTER LUI. " HIS CHARRED BONES WILT. BE TAKES FOR MY BONES." LOUD laughter might have been heard in that lone nut for several seconds after the success of Tim's ruse had been assured, but the merri- ment arose from far too grave a cause to continue for vory long ; so the handcuffs were quickly shifted from O'Flannigan's wrists to Blake's, the detective oeing overawed into perfect quiescence the while by the threatthat his brains should be blown out with his own " shooting irons" if he offered the least resistance or made the slightest noise. When this had been effected, the three ruffians knocked him senseless with blows, and then taking him up as though he were a mere log of wood they threw him down again in the darkest corner of the hut, and spread an old tattered blanket over him. The rescuers next questioned Tim O'Flannigan as to what he had boen arrested for ; they both supposed, up to this time, that poaching, or at the very worst sheep-stealing, had been the cause. When told the real reason their countenances grew several shades paler ; for these two men were Pat- rick Hurley and Daniel Casey, whom Counsellor M'Kai had proved, by the testimony of credible witnesses, at Sir John's trial, had threatened, in common with O'Flannigan, that they would have George Berkeley's life, and, in very fact it was they who had sprung upon him from out of the grove of trees, holped to drag him along to the bog of Ardmohr, and spread- eagled him down to the ground just in front of its slowly on-rolling, thick, and inky hued flood. They experienced, therefore, the full danger of their own position since O'Flannigan's had become so, perilous, and both of them declared, I with many oaths, that Blake (whom they had both recognised as the pro- tended cobbler and denier in second I hand clothes and boots who had been so long pottering about the neigh- bourhood, whilst now they knew for why) should ho at once mado away with, vowing that neither of their lives would be safe were they to spare his. O'Flannigan quite fell in with their view of the case, and proposed that thoy should at once carry liim down and cast him into the Bog of Ard- mohr; which suggestion was re- ceived with a subdued burst of acclaim. Matters being thus pleasantly ar- ranged, Tim hauled down from a convenient orifice in tho interior of a brick chimney a bottlo nearly full of whisky, and for a minute or two it was passed merrily round and round. The potont spirit, which was ever so many degrees above proof, and most assuredly had nover paid any duty to Government, soon dissi- pated the three men's fears, and ren- dered them loquacious. "Even had I been hauled off to Galway Town, and the murdor beon proved against mo, I'd have sworn through thick and thin that I'd done it by Sir John's orders, and that ho'd paid me a good round sum for the 30b. They'd hardly have been able to slip his neck out of the noose after that, even though they'd slippocl mino into it, so that at all events I'd have been hanged in highly respectable company,' laughed O'Flannigan. "And it would have ploased you all the better by reason of knowing that Sir John didn't deserve jjifjjfsA ment, though you did. D- it, 'tis my belief that he wouldn't have harmed the youngster under any provocation whatever," said Hurley ; but hardly had the words escaped his lips when Casey seized him by the arm, with a nervous clutch, exclaim- ing the while : " Hist, man, and look there. God ! I saw a death-white face staring in through the doorway ; aye, I could almost swear that I did." But Tim O'Flannigan laughed up roariously as he made answer : " A white face ? Ha, ha, ha, it was something a deal whiter than any face-a big eldor flower. Can't you hear that the wind's risen ? Well, it sways thom heavy blossoms to and fro at a fine rato at times. My word for it, but you are a white livered cur, to be frightened at a bit of older bloom." " Twas no older bloom that I saw, I'll be d-if it was," retorted Casey, sullenly; and alarmed by his com- rade's vehement assurance, Hurloy whipped up poor Blake's pistol afresh, and rushed out of the hut, vowing that " if 'twas a face ho'd make a hole in it." " The fool will fire the pistol off at nothing, and alarm the neighbour- hood, making the work wo've got to do doubly risky" growled O'Flannigan, " I was a born idiot to bring out the whisky until the job was finished." Hardly had the words been uttered when the report of a pistol was actually heard, and presently Hurley came rushing back into the hut de- claring that he'd seen a ghost and fired at it without hurting it. "You blamed fool, wasn't you aware, then, that ghosts are bullet proof? Here, take a good swig at this, and then to business, or the hangman will be making ghosts of the three of us in a most unpleasant and unsatisfactory manner," rejoined Tim, holding the whisky bottle to- wards his trembling mate, for he saw clearly enough that unless the fiery spirit inspired him with Dutch cour- age he wouldn't be fit for anything. Hurley was nothing loath to have recource to such a nerver, and Casey was ready and even eager to follow suit. " Whose ghost was it that you saw ?" the latter asked as he raised the whisky bottle to his lips. "Why, young George Berkeley's, as I am a living sinner," was the re- tort, l " D-. it, do you both of you want to be dead sinners ?" demanded Tim O'Flannigan with an oath. " If you do, you're going just the right way to become such, for that man over yonder can hang tho three of us ; and yet there's a grave dug by no mortal hand all ready waiting for him, scar- cely more than a stone's throw away, ancl you hesitate to pop him into it." " Come along, ' I m ready,", said Casey, crossing the floor of the hut towards where the defective still lay unconscious. " So am I," faltered Hurley, follow- ing his example, though not before he had another pull at the whisky bottle. í "Well, better late than never perhaps," growled O'Flannigan. " Up with him and I'll take the place of whichever of you gives out'first." The other men made no answer, but lifted up Blake between thom, and got him. on their shoulders. , As he was a light weight, barely turning thirteen stone, they 'could manage bim easy enough then, and in another minute had staggered out of the hut with him, across and over the prostaite door, and taken the narrowsheep-track which ledstraight down to the Bog of Ardmohr, i It didn't take twice that length of time to como into full sight of it, lying rankly green, with a gleam of black water or of yet blacker oozo every here and there, pent up in all its unfathomable foulness between two steep hills. The descent was easy, and Blake's bearers had just commenced it at a jog trot, O'Flannigan walking a couple of yards or so ahead of thom, when suddenly,, from .behind a big bush of mingled gorse and briar, the ¡ form of a man elad in fluttering rags aud with a face every whit as white as that of the nearly full moon which ( had just climbed into the heavens from behind the distant mountain peaks and ridges, started up and waved his arms about, as though for- bidding the three miscreants to ad- vance further, _ whilst from his un- covered head his long hair streamed out in the wind. O'Flannigan caine to a dead stop at once, for it was he who was a coward now, and gasped out: "Thu ghost of Master George ! Lord sake, mates, let us hie back to the hut. Wo can't carry a second victim past our first one. The Devil himsolf couldn't help us to do that." He turned round as ho spoke, and bent a hurried retroat, but when his two mates revealed themselves in such haste to follow him that they dropped their burden to the ground in order that they might run the lighter, O'Flannigan fired a volley of curses at them, and, as they had no effect, wheeled round, ran back alone, and though tho presumed ghost was still there, and its dumb pantomiue was more monaeing than ever, he, single handed, got the detective up on to his back, much as thongh ho had boen a sack of potatoes, and, with the cold sweat of horror rather than of hard labour streaming down his face carried him to the hut. Hurley and Casey getting there first, emptied the whisky bottle down their throats and then hastily de- camped, thinking only of their own safety ; so that when Tim O'Flanni- gan got him to his cabin he just caught sight of their retreating forms in the distance ; and thon, staggering and struggling indoors over his pros- trate door, he found himself alone with his still living burdon. The first thiug lie did with that was to let it slip down on to the floor, and then for fully a minute and a half he could do nothing more, he was so thoroughly exhausted. But though his limbs were per- force idle for a while, his mind was active enough, and so by the timo he was again able to use his hands he re- solved to commit with them a crime of even a more fiendish character than they had ever perpetrated or .assisted to perpetrate before. " Fire can keop a secret as well as water," he growled to himself, " Aye, a couple of secrets for that matter," and with a satanic laugh he first of all threw the old pair of boots upon the glowing red turf fire-those very boots which poor Blake had as good as lost his life in the attempt to obtain posession of, and next pulling a great handful of heather out of his roof, which was so low down as to be within easy reach, he thrust it into a blaze, and then flushed it back into the place he had taken it from. "Thore, the pig and he may roast together, for I'll bo d-if the old sow could travel fast enough to bear me company," he growled regretfully, though the regret was all for the sow, and none for the man ; and then as the roof of his cabin began to blaze furiously, he lifted up his doorway, framework and all, and getting on the outside of it, propped it up as well as he could in its former position, leaving the still uncon- scious detective the inmate of a veritable fiery furnace, with what would presently be plenty of roast pork in lieu of the customary " baked funeral meats." The devilish job accomplished, Tim started off at once, chucklingly ob- serving to himself : " His charred bones will be taken for my bones. Folks will say that whiskey and fire settled me between them, for all the neighbours know that I like to drink myself blind drunk whenever I can afford the treat. Hurley and Casey will alono guess different, but they'll keep their tongues tied for their own sakes. Faith, I'll be off on shank's mare to Dublin town, for no place is so good to hide in as a big city." So with his lurcher dog at his heels, and only a few odd coppers in his pockets, Tim O'Flannigan started off oii his long journey, by the, lurid glare of his burning hut, nor slack- ened his pace until, half-an-hour later, he struck into the Ballinasloo road, and believed himself to be out of danger. (To be continued in Saturday's issue.) 