A DEAD MAN'S STEP,I A Detee~ e Btory, BY IIWIENOU I. LY1ý. Puati4sl by spend raagesest with aiIes. Ward, Look and Boasdn, Limited. CHAPEE XLVII. wts ra oDL 3aoTKsom. Uncle Holly came late to breakfast next morning, so late, indeed, that all the family had breakfasted, and only Valen tine remained in the morning-room, loitering over a vase of roses upon a law side table. When the maid had put down his coffee and muffins, and retired to bring the glass of milk which he often took with his morning meal, and now demanded, Talen tine, who had been chatting brightly across her shoulder, came close behind his chair, and, while in the acot of leaning over to plaoe a rosebud beside his plate, said, just above her breath: " Bosa will see you in my boudoir when you have finished here; " and, as the door swung back, and a second maid came in with hot dishes, she went on louder and with perfect nonchalance, " My red African lily, by the way, has three blossoms ; if you will not keep me waiting too long, I will take you to my boudoir ana let you peep at it." In spite of this bait, "Uncle Holly" made his slow and hearty breakfast, while Val chatted with him across the table, and made believe eat a saucer ef strawberries, and when he had finished, they went up the stairs together, she still talking airily, and he wearinng in his button-hole the rosebud she had placed beside his plate. In the upper hall they encountered Brenda, and Valentine said at once: "Mr Holly is coming to see my red lily; there are three this morning; won't you come, Brenda ?" Brenda's answering smile was vcr" shadowy; "Thank you, Val, I think I must go on. Brook has been quite ii again, Doctor Ware tells me. I am going to see him," and they went their separate ways 'The boudoir was untenanted when they entered it, and Valentine, merely proffer ing him a chair by the balcony window, where the vases of lilies were blooming nodded her head and passed on to the next room. A moment later he heard a door close sharply, and then Boss entered through the curtained doorway by which her new mistress had gone. She held a key be tween her thumb and for finger, ano glanced at it as she approached him, sittirg promptly down upon the light chai which ne had pulled close before him. "She has shut herself into her dressing room, and made me lock her in," Bo;,a began in her quiet tones. "she's so harming, it's really a pleasure to be her maid! only she won't let me do my whole dnuty," she stopped as abruptly as she hao begun, and drew a folded paper from the bosom of her dress. "It's there in detail," she said, in a business-like tone. " It's as you supposed; evidently she has never thought of anyone questioning Judith, and has never cau tioned her." " And you found it all out P" "Li ! Well-I found out that-at the time of her marriage she had the full ser? they were made at Tiffany's, and bear his mark. There was some sort of wager, or jest, which ended in her giving them each " One? Yonu are sure of that? One to each 5" " Snre she has the rest; the brooch and esar pendants stiit" " And Saita ?" he asked. She glanced at the paper still in his hands. " anita is more reserved than I could wish." she said. \- She is not in the best state ofmind for sociability juss now," he replied, smiling a little; "nave patience, and drop a word or two, at the right time, in praise of Mr Brook Deering." \- You mean-the good-looking, blonde invalid ?" The same." Brook Deering was ying upon his bad when Doctor Ware visited him that morn ing. He was wrapped in a loose dressing. gown of a purplian blue shade, and the colour emphasised the pallor of his face and made him look gnastly. He had passed another restless night, and had been tronbled again by the ghostly footsteps. He was veri nervous and unusually talkative; and, this morn ing, he had no doubt regarding his night's experience. He had not dreamed it; it was a ghostly visitation. He had heard his dead father's footsteps in his old room, of that he was sure. He told the story to Brenda when she came to see him, al though he had been so reticent about his drst experience, and had enjoined upon the doctor the striotest secrecy; and when Bruce came in, a sittle before luncheon time, he told is to him. When Sarita was admitted to his room, still later, for Do.tor Ware had prohibited a morning risi, and limited that of the afternoon, he told it over again to her, in the presence and hearing of William. By the next morning it was known all through the house that - Mr Brook" had heard uncanny footsteps in his father's room, and that he was almost " out of his mind" in consequencea and while thej were discreetly quiet in the presence of their superiors-below stairs the servants disenssed the strange occurrence over and Meantime-s the doctor had predicted -Sarita's rat midnight ramble was fol lowed by a second; and this time, when she wentn up the stairs leading to the man sard, with half of a fresh candle in the habort brass candle-stand, she found the door at the top open. She entered the older attic at once, and after some wandering about-c-rrying the candle with a frm and steady hand--lhe approached the door of the inner and nerer spcrtment. At first she tried to open it, but when this failed she put dowt the candle as before, and after seeming to listen a moment with her ear close to the door, she knocked three knocks, slow and distinct, the same as before. furtagh, who had poseeEssed himself of keys enoagh to unlock all of Beechwood, beadarranged this anlocking the first attic door, leaving the inner one secure. "I don't want to let her into that inner ace," he had said to the doctor, .' until l Hveexamined it again myself, and can live more time to it." S&lita; lingered for some time at the door o: the inner attic; but finally she took up the candle and retraced her steps slowly with i-'ging and reluctant move ment At the foot of the stairsa'she seemed to waver, and then, as before, she put the candle down upon the steps and went elowly toward the front of the house, Here, too, the detective had prepared the way for her, and set a limit to her move anents. She found the door of Mr Deer ing's chamber not only unlocked, but slightly ajar, and she entered readily They had thought it best not to cause fresh alarm to Brook to-night, and so, while the dressing-gown hung over the chair as before, the slippers had been re moved. When the two watchers, keeping well in the rear of the sleep-walker, resehed the turn which brought them into the main hrall, they saw, to the ir annoyance, that the lamp which usually burned at about the middle of the hall-way was dickering and sputtering, and scarely served to ,,m tbem the wa tha~g tib big, shadowy place but a memea t later the shamber, at the door of which they stood. was dimly illuminated, and they could sot from their station outside that Barita had lighted one of the burnere in the dressing room instead of those in the chamber, and that, leaving this burning low, she was again in the outer room and before the fire place. As on the previous night, she lifted the dressing-gown and thrust her arms into the sleeves, drawing it about her so closely that the loosell scattered roses on the pale ground tint seemed to stand out like dark spots upon a moonlit surface, and then o-es again she seated herself in the great easy-chair. And now, as they stood close to the wall on either side of the chamber door, a smund from below causes them to start and simul taneonsly glide across the threshold, where they stand pressed against the wall and intently listening. The sound comes from that part of the wide ball where Brenda's rooms are situated, and it sounds ominously like the creak of a door opmend quickly. There is o silence for a moment, and then they hear another sound, and know it to be the soft trailing of a woman's dress across the hall floor. Into the mind of each the same thought comes ; someone- Brenda or Valentine, or perhaps one of their maids, has opened a door, and has discovered the sputtering and dying hall lamp. No doubt the parson is about to extinguish it alto gether. Brenda's rooms are not far down the hall, and on the same aide as is that of Mr Deering, and almost opposite her door is Valentine's. Murtagh hopes that it may chance to be Valentine who is nowr so near them, and both men wish ardently that, whoever it is, the person wil not pass beyond the lamp in the direction of the front. The light from the dressing-room sheds dim rays across the chamber, and almost to the place where they stand, and Sarita sits before the cold grate as move- a less as themselves. if she will bt remain thus, until the person in the hall has extinguished the light and retired-if she I does retire. Meantime, in the hall, a little below the open door, Brenda Deering stands looking I up at the lamp, which is almost out of her a reach; she has scented, through the open y transom above her door, the fames of the I exhausted and smoking lhmp, to which the g two watchers, in their interest in 8 arita's movements, had not given a thought; and, perfeeo honuse mistress that she is. with a thought to the health and comfort r of all her household, she has vedturedout; she has crossed the hall without once glancing about her, and she now raises herself upon the tips of her toes, and lifts n her arm to the burner overhead. Then, g something tempts her to glance about her', before putting the place, and herself, in darkness. All along the hall is the same dim quiet 1 all the doors are closed, and each, in its deep set casing, throws up a dark shadow, o -all ?-she lets her arm drop at her side, I sadlowers her heels to thefloor. What asis her vision? Why should that one place-the plaes where her husband's door should stand-in the same depth of shadow as stand the others-why should she seem to see there a luminous bar not of light, but of something less dark and dense than the shadow and above it P Was it a reflection P She looks about her, and takes a few steps forward, and then she draws herself suddenly erect, and her eyes light up with indignation. Breada Dearing, with her fie nerves and ssnsible trainug, never thinks of anything uncanny is what she sees, for now she knows tahe ner dead husb rad's room is open ; that the weird light comes from witrin. And she glides quickly forward, heart throbbing angrily at the shought that some ,me. d,,ubtless of her own housekold. is pry. tag, deceratinratie r-bdead"husband's owe- i tee place she has kept as sacredly as it had h b enin his itfe. With lp parted, and quiver. ing, but ao: with fear, she creeps noiselessly up to the doorway and stands upon the threshold. She does not see the dark form on either side, and very near her ; all that she realises is that tie room is filed with grey, dusky light- she cannot see the source from whet e she stands-and that-sitting beforethe fire place, dimly utlinled, but just as she has Sften seen him, with one arm-clad in the rose- strewn grown,-and supporting his bint head-and with the other ounttretcned along the arm of the chair-ahb the farilia attituse l-sitting thus is-Lysander Deer ing-or his ghost, It lasted but as instant, tnat thrill of horror, which, in another, lass fine and strong, would have ended in a terrified shriek, that would have aroused every sleepr under that renof; and than, with a lowmoan. Brenda Deering swayed, and would have fallen, but for the ready arms that caught and hesd her, close and tenderly. "Qnick--the candle I' Felix Ware is bearing down the corridor, with quick, oftes less strides, ani palpitating heart, a burden he would glaily told and keep; ans Mnrtagb, with one swift backward glance at the figure in the chair, goes, with his fleetest stillest steps, to the place where the candle still burns feebly upon the stairs. By the faint light from the open windows, Ware can see a wide conch opposite the door, and there, slowly, gently, and most reiuc tantly, he laid her down ; and when Martagh appears with the candle he is kneeing be side her. '" Pat down," he says quickly, " she will soon revive; go back after her." And Murtagh goes back to the somuambulist. In the dim light the doctor kneels, his I fin!ef upon the slender wrist, marking thi - reviving pulse beats; there is a soft brese I blowing in through she open window; in a moment theme lovely eyes will nnc.oce. and then-he stoops until his head is close above her own,and one word escapes his lips in a hashed whisper; as if in responue to it. the white lids are lifted, their eyes meet, sand, f r one sheet second, there is no veil botwern the sonls looking out of those window?. Then the brown eyes droop, and a saft colour suteals over the paleness of her cheeks. ' Do not speak nor stir, Mr. Deering," he says softly ; "' can explain everything; you hove s.en a sleep.walksr, that is all I" It is wrll that they are a1one at that mcment; for the tenderness that he mnust not, dare not, put into words, speaks in his voice, making words snporfi2?s?; and, for a moment, Brenda Dtering is glid to l's with cloed eyes, and let the strange, new sense slion of rest and reassurane encompass and comfort her. She does not understand it, and does not astek to; and when a momenC later, ha gently puts down the wrist, in which the pulse is growing stronger, and iling, asks, still with that lingering cadences so estrangely comforting: "May 1 ring for your maid P" she points mately to the bell, which connects with Judith's room. The maid comes promptly, and the doctor, having made a brief explenation, and promised to return with ' Mr Holly" as soon as she has recovcred a little and regained her calmui6s, goes in earch of the other parties to this nidnlght episode; feeling somewhat anxious aid d?iurtain as to the As he ateps cautiously out into the hall, a low " hist" greets him, and he stops short. Not six fee; away from him Martsga staids flsiened against the wall, and, just outside the door of Mr Decring's room, Sarita stands in the attitude of ons listening. For a little thtey stand so still, all three, that he can hear the ticking of his watch; then the woman waves her hand, as if in gestare to someone beyond her, stands a few moments as bhuore, moves aside, as if to allow someone to pass, looks back, or seems to, as if at someone entering the row, and finally comes gliding toward the two watchers; she pauses at the turn in the ball, looks back, and then goes on, faster now, and-though the hall here is almost shrouded in darkreess -with steps as sure as they are silent. This time, as before, she ignores the candle. which has been restored to its place upon the stairway, and enters her room, leaving the door wide open as before, and lying sown at once. As before, the doctor places tLe candle beside the bod, and close se door. tbe. the ol et eiplt Jo lpw whisp, " What did yet telI her P" Kurtegh begins " The trath, of ouarse . !ht it was asleep. walker, nothino more. But there must Ie a cxplanition" "Will you make it? We have about reached a point where I must tell her of some of our discoveries. I can't go on until I do. Bne-it's too soon-a little. Who is with her - "Her maid." "The dark women ? Well, she is as trusty as steel l You can tell the story from the physician's point of view, and no tear of the maid." Re turned away, then-" You might joat say, for her bhnifit-I mean the lady's-maid-the lady will understand it that I was disturbed by the notes, or that we were mutually aroused-" He broke off and tuned toward big own door with a smile upon his lips ; Doctor Felixr, with a gesture of acquiescence, was going, with long, silent strides, toward Brenda's bondoir. Brenda listens to his story of the sleep walking in silent surprise. He tells of his fire iocerview with Sarira. and, as delicately as possible, explains the part Mrs Merton has takn in keeping the unpleasant businese from Sarita's master and mistress; and Brenda litens with gentoe words of sympathy s for the afflicted one. and kindly encomiums for good Mrs Mirton. "Poor SBaria I' she murmurs when all is told. " She must not be left alone after I chis Someone must remain with her at I night, both for her safety, and to secure the I inmates of the house against such a fright as I have had to-night." But, a little to her surprise, Dletor Felix d"murs. "It will not bh wise, just now, to give Satit a companion, It will be better not to let her dream that her secret is known. Sch cases must be dealt with most delicately. nhen-he is interested in watching her symptoms. lo short, will Mrs Delring trust I garite's case to him, and ba assura I that she anall bare no more cause for alarm f" et., ete Of course he has his will. Brenda only stipulating that she shall be informed if Sarisa's case becomes worses, and that she shall be given every possible medical aid and care. " Sarita," she says, in her sweet solicitude, has been one of our household for half a life time, almost. She is devotedly attached to all or ms, especially to Brook; who was, as yon of course know, her nnrsling, and always to Mr oearing, to whom she could never be grateful enough. And, indeed, my husband was a very good friend to her." Something, a note in the last words caussi Doctor Felhx to lift his head, which had been rasting upan his hand, and to ask quickly : "May I ask-do you know-'. she has any friends-in this country P" "HerP" he was certain of a little move ment of surprise upon her part, and then she glanced toward her maid. "I hardly know now; there was a oircumstance-some years ago-bat it's a bit of 8 srita's family history -and will hardly interest yon, or bh i pro. SPardon me. Anything you can tell me of Madam Sarita's past, will aid me greatly just now "I "It was some years ,'nee," Mrs Beering resumed, "tea, I shield think-" " Pardon me " the maid broke tn depreoat ingly. " It is just nine years ego.' " Nine, thank you, Judith ; it you can tell Doctor anything more, pray do es. As [ wae saying, some nine years ago, Barlta came to my husband in great grief. She had found in a New York paper an account of one of those horrible saloon quarrels, that we read of so o!ten-and among those who were hart, was the name of a man who was, she was very sure, her brother. Her immediate family had been, even then, pretty well sattered, and she only knew, of this brother, that he had been for some years in London, I ani that, at h-r last account of him, he con templated going to Canada. She has had but one corresponient from her own country in all the years she has lived with us, and that was a oeumain, a woman of about her own age, Sshould think; her brothers, I believe sae has several, never wrote to her, probably could not write" " It Is more than likely. And-about this newspaper matter t" he urged, "Pardon me. I am as digressive as M:s Nickelby," she smiled faintly. " My hue band seeing her anxiety, took some pains toinqere into the matter, and bfoau it to have been, in +ruth, Sarita's brasher who was injured; it came oat that the man was a rather disreputable character, and not alto gether a victim in the afftir; but, of coar-e. Saitb's discowvry of a brother's presence in this, to her, strange land, a'onsed her very much, so mn-h that she made the one ui rney of her life, excepting, of course, the one scross the ocean, and went to see him" "Ah-and did he ever return that visit P" a ked the doctor eagerly. " Yes. He came once, not long after-?i fact as soon as he was convalescent, I should fancy. I chanced to be absent at the time so did not see him " "Ah-then yon can't tell me if he resembled his sts er-or she him P" " No ;' she turned to her maid who sat a little in the background, "Perhaps Judith can." "If you wish it, madam," murmure3, Judith. "I-wish it," sail the doctor quickly, "'ud Mrs Daering permits it, I am sure." "By all means," assented Branda. "What is it that you wish most to know ?" asked Judith as it in doubt, " Tell me all you can recallot this brother. 1 have my especial reasons for wishing to know somethng of one of Balta's family. Did you see much of him 1" " Very little, sir. He came only to the kitchen door, and would never enter. He was not too well dressed-thoueh I knew Mr Doering ?as most generous toSarita, and ihat Brita gave him money. He scarcely stayed t vo days, and all that I cantell is that he sesemd to want Sarita to take him in, to get him a place. I know that sheasked AMr Dearing to give him wark about the garden or stables; hat, after seeing the man, and talking with him a little, he callel Strita aside and told her, very kindly, I m sure, that ]er brother, was evidently not fitted for either the garden or a groom's place, and he advised her to let him go ellswhere," "And-he went" "He went that day." " IHave you heard of him since F" "No, sir. That is he never came back aaii-hb?t he wrote to his dsister aflstr he went away." " Ah--oes he writs to her still P" " [ cannot say, sir. I have not heard her speak of him for a long time I not in two years, I am sure." Doct ,r Ware thankeo her for this informa tion, and put a few questions, thus getting a tragmentary description of this prodigal brother. And when hedropped the uabjectit was with the foll intention of talking with Judith again-and alone. CHAPTER XLVIll. CONCERNING THE AOETHTST aUTTON. The rey after Beenda's fright was a quiet one as Ot. :hvood; Brook did not leave his room rad was very nervone and strange. He would not be leit alone for a moment, and kept Bruce at his sidelo the greater part of the day. Doctor Ware also spent much time there. As for Brenda, for the first time since Lysander Deering's burial she did not appear at the breakfast table, sending Judith b low with her morning greetings and excuses. "It is not that she is really ill," the maid had said in answer to Valentine's qu"estions, " but she had not a good night, and feels the need of rest-and quiet.--No, she needed nothing," this to Doctor Felix, "only repose, and she would join them at dinner, doubtle es," And this, indeed, she did lying. mean while, for most of the day, in pale and serious tranquility, wondering why she should feel so strangely calm, and com forbed, in the midst of so much that was yet sad, mysteriou, and shrouded in doubt. In the absence and preocoupotion of the others. Mnrtagh saw a wished for oppor tunity, and, while the snn was yet in the ea., he and Valentine, she with her hook and he with the morning papez, found their way, evidently by mutual coneent, to that bower among the trees where the h)ammoeks swung and the raustie seats in. v te4 tq repose, y qap s94 sfltgon Ia tle midst of the green north lawn, where hone save the birds in the branches above could poselbly play the eavesdropper. Yalentine Rodney was nothingif she wao not direct-direct, serious, and fearless. And they were scarcely placed, she in a swinging hammock and the disguised de tective upon a bench close by, when she taurned her dark eyes full upmn him, with a shade of displeasure in their charming depths. Mr-- oUy--lf it is not too much of a secret-I would like to know why your, or my new maid, must needs rummage in my writing-desk. and among my letters P" The detective looked at her with a gleam of admiration in his eyes. "So," he said, half-smiling, "you have found nus out P Has Bosa's hand lost its ?anning, I wonder P" "Not at all; Rosa is very expert. Only, I chance to have a good eye for details, and fancying once that my desk had been disturbed, I seta little trap-as it were." " And caught Rossa F' "No, only frustrated her plans, and looked my desk-[ habitually leave it open-until I could ask you if this is a necessary pars of your work-or-" "Or-if Rosa is doing a little wcrk on her own a:count, eh P" He moved along to the end of the rustic ttle-a tas nearest her, and leaned forward. " We moet not do Rosa injustice. And so-what if I say that she is only obeying me P" ' Then-I ask again, why P" Murtagh's face grew suddenly grave, and his next words were uttered with quiet dignity. "Miss Bodney, have you withdrawn your confidence in me F" " N-no," she said slowly. " No-but--" " Then listen; and trust Bose as myself. Bhe swears by you already. If I wanted her to do you the l.ast hurt, I fancy she would throw up the gam), and turn her back upon me, practical, trained detective as she is. If I tell you what she sought in your desk and among your letters, will you trust me. and ask no questions P Re member, I am working even in this matter -for you !" A moment her eyes met and questioned his, then she said impulsively: "Tell mel I do trust you. I must 1" "I have a strong reason for wishing to see two specimens of handwriting. I hoped to find them in your desk, and to replace them, without troubling you or arousing your wonder and anxiety." " WhoseP" " Shall I have them P' "Whose P" " Not Mrs Deering's,-and not Brace Dearing's." He paused a moment. "Am i to have them P" he repeated. "Have you a specimen of Miss Wardell's writing P" She started, and was silent a moment. " Yes," she said finally. "And-of Mr Brook Deering's P" " Brook's ?" again she hesitated. " Yes." "I happened to know that Miss Wardell canled upon you, soon after your return from New York, upon some business con nected with a letter. Don't look so sur prised; I have not been quite idle, and the servants will pick up these little morsels. Are you willing to tell me about this visit P" Valentine's face was troubled. "Tnis is necessary ?" she questioned. "Absolutely, and quite harmless as well. This shall never come back to you. In answering me, In telling me all, you are serving yourself and your own cause-not me." "Then," said Valentine, sitting erect and putting her book aside, " begin; I will tell you what I can." "Thank you ! Bat please resume your book, and let us seem, to any accidental observer-there can be no hearers-to be discussing poetry." They sat for a long time under the trees, looking as idle and comfortable asp ossible ; but tlurtagh, by degre?s, was piecing to gether the story of Ora Wardell's two visits to Beechwood : the first to return the ex changed, or mis-sent letter from Brook Deering, and the second to secure the valuable recipe for Mrs Fram. This, and much more; and, later in the day, Rosa's duty was lessened, much to her surprise, by Valentine's self, who, sitting down before her open desk, deliberately made up a small pactet, which she gave with a queer half smile into tie maid's own hand, saying : "There, Rosa, take them to Mr Ho?ly with my compliments I They are all there -and your hands are left clear for-some thing else." There was a malicious little smile upon Valentine's lips, and an answering twinkle in Rosa's shrewd grey eyes, but no further word was spoken upon the subject of the letters, and Ross was in deed and truth quite idle for the time. For two or three days after this, the time passed in seeming uneventfaines., and the house was still very quiet. Brook Deering did not seem to rally from the nervous attack which had caused him to consult, and confide in, Dootor Ware i and he kept his room now almost entirely. The "nrvous symptoms seemed to increase, and there were feverish symptoms too, with loss of appetite and sleep; and when Doc tor Ware was asked about his patient's condition he gave evasive answers, or only shook his head and looked grave. In the servants' living room the case was discussed with interest, and all agreed that it was growing serious. " It's my opinion," said one of the house maids, quite aware that she was voicing the popular belief-" It's my opinion that hfr Brook's going into a decline I He wa'n't never real rugged, Mrs Merton says, and he wa'n't half well when he come home that horrid night. He'd been sick, and then gittin' pitched down them horrid banks; ny I but wasn't he lame I and so pale I and then there's his pa's death, and that trouble about Mr Bruce,-the beastly shame that it is-it's been enough to break down a tugh man, let alone him I Sarita says he's so like his me ai and she's afraid he's inherited her constitution too 1" Dsing these quiet days, Bruce Deering was not ofton found in drawing-room or library, and Brenda and Val, Murtagh and the doctor, were often a quartette at luq cheon, and during the evening hours in the drawing-room. Bruce was usually present at the breakfast and dinner hour, and he psssed some time each day in his cousin's room, but the time of the "' Matchin trial" was approaching, and nearly every day, after leaving his cousin, he rode into Pomfret, where he spent much of his time in John Redding's private office; presumably in consultation with his lawyer. Murtagh, too, began to spend much of his time in the retirement of his own rooms. Among his numerous pretensions, in the character of Uncle Holly, was that of a scribbler of what he described as " brief etchings, or little jottings," of his "rdflations," upon the subjects which he "had studied a little," and upon which, by the way, he could prcss endlessly in the drawing-room. He always left fragments of the half-written "e ohinges" lying in loose sheets upon his round table, much to the disgust of the maid, who, if she had given thought to the matter. would have been obliged to declare that, never, by any chance, was the least scrap of a letter left thus open to view. His correspondents, to be in keeping with his assumed character, were very few, as he frequently declared, and as his letters, of which he received not a few, came first through Mr Baird, and later, some of them, under cover to Doctor Ware, there was no oocasion to doubt his statement. Several of these mysterious and bulky enclosures had reached him of late through the doctor, and he passed hours of his time pacing the length of his room and jotting down "ideas " alternately. On the fourth day after Mrs Deering's fright, iuragh, by a signal of which the two now had a sufelently complete code, summoned the doctor to joia him in his room, and at once. We .dqgt<*# to *9 pvtgsh' i*so by day, meant, Wars felt amumed, something important perhaps imperative. But it Was easy enough to join him after paying his usual morning visit to Brook. The ladies' were below staira, and Brass was about to read the morning paper to the invalid. He had delivered an unusually thiek packet to Martagh on the previous even ing, addressed in a hand he had seen be fore, and post-marked New York; and he quite expected the forthcoming communi cation to concern, in some way, this com munication. But he opened his eyes in surprise, when, having seated himself opposite Murtagh. with the usual precau tions of slosed door and adjusted screen, the latter began at once : " Did you sleep soundly last night P" "Quite." "Hear anything P" Murtagh was look ing very alert and smiling. He was bend ing slightly toward his vied-rir, and reminded him, by his attitude and expres sion, of the look he had seen upon the face of some victor of a sharp and closely contested game, at the moment of antiei pated triumph. "Nothing," he answered, expectantly. " Well-not to keep you in suspense, I was wakeful, very t and-as a result-I have identified the other cat." "No F" "Yes I and I was right! The one eame from to*n, and on foot. No cowardice in that woman I The other-" There was a paper lying before him upon the table containing some lines of writing, and, below these, a list of names. He picked up a pen which lay near, and, drawing a long black mark beneath one of these names, pushed the paper across the table, I with the look of triumph intensified, and I without another word. Ware read the name and uttered a sudden, sharp exclamation his faoe actually paling as he looked up at the detective. "'Is this-beyond a doubt P" he asked after a moment's silence, and below his breath. " Beyond a doubt." "Great heavens! And what will you do-now F" " Frst-I'll ask your advioe ; I don't mind saying to you that I never found myslf in quite such a ticklish place as thief It's-it's with a precedent in criminal history, I surely believe ! And it leaves us as much in the dark as ever, upon one important pointb.' " What point " "The motive i Is that any clearer to you P" Ware shook his head. "I see none yet," he said gravely. " May 1 ask if this will enable you to make any movement aggressive or ether P" "t It does-and it does not 1 That is if does not aid,it determines me. Deering's trial is comiag close, and I must have my guns all planted and trained before that begins. In fact, I should have made some move even if I had not made tins dis covery I must! And first-will you go to New York F 1 can't trust anyone else.' " or what purpose P" "You remember the little I told you about the amethyst cuff button, and Wiggins F" " Yes-that is, you told me that such a thing was found, or said to be, by this fellow Wiggins and secreted by him in the hope of making something out of it." "Yes. Well that's all I felt justified in telling then: now I'll tell you the whole story. And, to begin, you must know that Ars Deering, our hostess, once owned a set of this same pattern." Ware started violently, but Murtagh went on, as if un observant of the movement: "And in some way-for some reason, she broke the set, and gave away the pair of cuff buttons." Doctor Feliz drew a breath of roustr at this point, so oeep that Mursugh auid not, or din nut, restasa a smile, as ne went on witn his story : " One of them she g.ve to Mr Brook Detring-the other-to Bruce." ". Horrible ! ' broke from the doctor's lips. " One of these buttons, or a faicimile, wae found by Wiggins, so ns claim,, on toe very scene of the murder; I told you that P" " Yes." "But I did not tell you that Brace and Brook Defring have theirs still ; both have been seen in their possession since the murder. Now let me tell you the whole history, so far as I know it." He told it qulckly and graphically. How Wiggins had played " rovidence," and stopped Wiggins' game, and of his own in. terviews witn Brace and Wiggins. " I should not be telling you this," he ex. plained, " even now, if I had not first obtained Mrs Deering's permission to do so, at need. And now I want you take thcso two buttous,-did I tell you they were made at Miffeny's i-to take them to NSw York, and fled out, if you can, it they have ever been duplicated, and, it so, for whom. Will you do it P going and returning at the earliest possible momentP Wait, one word in explanation,-I might trust this to a detective, tnt I want for Mrs Deering's sake, to keep this matter among her frionds; we don's know what may come of this, and -" The doctor stopped him with a swift ges ture. "One moment," be said, "Mrs D.er lag does she know P I will go with her consent, at her wish-not without," "Then rest satisfied. We talked this over yesterday out there under the big oak, she and I, and-it may ease your mine to know that she objected, or, at least, demurred, when she thought I meant to entrust the business to a 'professional,' but when I toll her I hoped you would go, she said she was sure you would know how to act and that she could trust you entire'y. She even commissioned me to ask you to ' do her this service,' for she now sees, al though she did not at firat, that this mystery of the button must be cleaned up, in justice to all concerned." When Ware had consented, which he did promptly now, and they had discussned the now and the when of the journey, the doctor said, by way ofo closing a long sentence: " I would like to watch the progress of Brook Deering's malady from day to day, but, perhaps' it will be beet to bring Dootor Lisoom in and give him charge. I shall depend upon you to lock Barita in at night, of course; and by-the-by, I suppose you have those buttons ready to hand F" Something seemed to amuse the detec tive very much, but, after a stifled laugh, he answered: "I have one, the one-as I have already related-given me by Wells. The other, doctor, I mean to stealto-night -and you must help me." " t 1i-how P" "Easily. We can't be squeamish in this case. You must declare your inten tion to sit up with the invalid to-night; send William to the right-about, and give your patient some harmless sleeping potion. When the house is still, and the patient asleep, admit me-I'll attend to therest." Doctor Ware had not put his hand to the plough to look back, even when brought face to face with this burglarious proposi tion. He said, after a moment's thought, and with resolute gravity "Very well. I believe the end justifes the means. Does Mrs Deering know how you propose to get this secoond button F". "Not she I lhe presumes the one to be quite eufflient" He drew a sheet of paper toward him, and took up a pen ' I'm going to order your summons," he said,"that is, to wrte to the ofie re queating them to send you a wire on the instant, calling yenou to the city. This letter, I wish I dared telegraph, will be reosived. let me see-to-morrow at noon; before night you will have your wire, and you can leave at once, by the night train." "And how then can I arrange with Lis com F" "I'll arrange with Lisoem-that's easily done," and he hastily finished and enclosed che letter. "There-you must address it," pushing it across the table, "and post it as well; now we must disperse." The programme, as arranged, was earrried out, and with auoIcess oontrary beo A usteih's S %pottellio bwb th m b u, wbiib he was fully prepared to raummage for half the night, if reed be, wa easily found in the very reseptaele in which it had been exhibited to Brenda j this thrown oare lessly into a drawer of Brook's desk, among letters, cards, pamphlets, and the nsual debris of "odds and ends;" the drawer was not under lock and key. "I don't understand it I" Murtagh de olared "but I'm well enough pleased ! If he misses it, he's sensible, for being so e.reles ." "It would not surprise me," the doctor commented with an odd smile, '" if he were not quite sensible twenty-four hours from now.' ' What do you mean ?" demanded Mur tagh. "Wait and see," was the only answar. (l'o be ostineasd ) 