A HEART OF VIOLETS. Bt Ada M. Wbst. Chatter I. Th« pasaionaic love icene in the third act of Felicia wna so powerfully depicted ; the doting was so forcible and intense ; the art of dramatist and players became so convincing in ita fidelity to nature, that tbe audience forgot themselves and their snrroundingB, and remained In a state of utter absorption until the end of the act, when tho curtain falling provoil the signal for the most vigorous nppiaueo. There WU9 a tumultuous clapping and a unanimous call for tho hero and heroine, both of whom presently appeared In front to bow and Bmile their united thanks, and thou retired triumphant and flushed with succqs6. They were two special favorites of tho publio and made love to each other very naturally and Bympathotically upon the stage. The acting of eaoh had an apparent nbacneo of nrtifioiality whioh fascinated and enthralled emotional on lookers, and m&ny; wonderod if they were real lovers upon the stage of life. It was not bo, however. Rose Greville would have osteemsd herself fortunate indeed if the mimic wooing had been touched with a thrill of reality, for tho passion iu her responses had not been wholly art; but Julian Blake held no idea regarding it, save that it was part of lilo busineso, whioh must be dons well and naturally, as ho triad to do everything. Ho liked Mins Greville, thought her very clever and taleuted, and a woman who could "play up" to ono admirably; bat that was all. Julian bad, as a matter of f&ot.; lost his heart to quite a different girl, ana was sensible of entertaining towards Linda Robb, a young actress in tho company, very tender . And real feelings whioh had no aualogy with tags sentiment. She was a more novloo in the .< dramatlo profeision, and only as yot played minor parts. To Julian's regret and impatience he bad no scones with alios Ross, and when ho was on tho stago oho was off and vice versa, so that he rarely, if ovor, found an opportunity of speaking to her during tho evening. He ofton walked home with her, hut as she and Miss Grevilla shared rooms they always went to- gotlror, and he nover saw ono without tho other. If ho called, as he sometimes did, it was the samo thing ; he saw them both, or occasionally Rose alone, but never Linda. Men nearly always lack tho instinct which is so keon in women, and it nevor ccourred to him that this was adroitly managed by somebody who had a lively interest in managing it ; and in his blind ness he never saw that Miss Greville oheriehed a deeper feeling towards him than that of mere friendliness. Linda had begun to think that perhaps J ulian oared for her, but she wns afraid to loso lirr heart too soon. It might be Rose whom he liked after all, and Rose certainly had a habit of implying that this was her own conviction, whethor she really felt it or not ; so Linda tried hard not think about hoarts or lovers, except in the pages of French's acting editions, and de voted herself oarnestly to study, hoping ono day to become a Bhiniug light in the profession she had voluntarily ohosen, and to play leading parte, as Rose did now. Sir. Blake being a rather impotuous young mnn, and having very rosoata prospeots as a substantial excuse for declaring his love, felt greatly irritated at not being able to find a suit able opportunity. The tour of Felicia was nearly finished, and soon tho company would break up and scatter its members in various directions. The precious days and nights wero speeding on, and tho obanoo of a titc-ii-tcte seemed as far off as ever, so at last Julian most unwillingly made up his mind to write. Ho would tnko advantage of ita being the month of February, and of the pretty, quaint, foolish old festival of St. Valen tine, to send Linda a real Oupid's missive fraught with hopeful love. He Iaughod at him self for tho notion. Stago heroics are apt soon to knock the sentimentality out of one, and in ordinary cases he was sufficiently matter of fact. Yet while be laughed ho acted upon tho .idea, and sent Linda a floral honrt mads of real violets. In the centre of tho heart lay a direot ' and manly opistle, his avowal of love, and he .begged her to wear a tiny posy of the violets the "following night if she accepted his suit. If be did not see them on her dress he should know he had boen unsuccessful. And that was all of Julian's valentine to his .sweetheart. AVhen the precious box containing it was duly delivered by a oommonplnce postman it ao hap pened that Ross saw it first, and at ouco recog nised the handwritiog upon the cover. Curiosity and something stronger — perhaps both jealousy "and apprehension — shot through her like an acute pang of phyaical pain. She took the box in her hand, looked herd at Linda's name in his writing, hesitated, looked again, and then, yield ing to sn overmastering impulse, tors the thing open.' In a momont she had grasped the mean ing of the honrt of flowera ; in another aho had read tin lettor. . Then, with blanobod lips aud palpitating heart, aho sank down on a chair to try and realise this confirmation of bor worst \- fsars, and was awake to thskuowlsdge that the happiness of her whole life was at stake that minute. . Then came the direst temptation she had ever known ; and oh 1 how she fought it, and strove to put it from her until — until— her pasalonato, selfish love, her jealousy and despair conquered her, and with one deep breath, honor's last sigh, die threw the letter and the fragrant, delicate heart into the fire. The violets— alas 1 for tho love that breathed with' their perfume— were long In burning, and Rose hastily tore up tho box and paper which had enshrined them to feed the roluolant flame; but they woro con sumed at last. Linda oame in to breakfast five minutes after the lest traoo had vanished, and Rose greeted her with a calm extorior snd a manner that was almost normal ; and sho never knew until long years afterwards what she had lost that morning. \- Rose Greville soon began to be horribly frightened of the probable consequences of her rash act, and was in a fovsr of apprehension lost Julian should ask Linda if sha had rsoeivod his valentine. Having gono thus far sho must harry it through, and prevent their seeing each other alone, at all costs. And she succeeded only too well. ' When Julian saw that Linda did not wear his flowers he naturally supposed himself to bs a rejsoted lover, and Ross took ear there were no interviews or chances of mutual explanation. Julian wondered thnt Linda had not written a definite refusal, and he wrote to her- again, in the hops that tho die- , missal conveyed by the .absence of the flowers was not final, and hogged her to roply ; but ft , was easy to destroy that before Linda saw It, no Rose sent it the way of Us predecessor. Long, long afterwards Linda reoaited tho reproachful nud wondering looks of Julian, who waited for the roply wbiah never oame, and brooded bitterly over liar apparent heartlessness. In another few days the tour was ended, and the mombers of tho Fellola oompany departed their several- ways— some,- among whom was Linda Ross, to join another oompany ; others to take well earned rest. Julian Blake, snd and heartsore, went up to London to fulfil an en gagement, and tried to forgot his little romnuco —tho short, tendar illuslonof his life. \- He was not ono to forget easily; but men who aro devoted to their art, whatever it may be, and who have a defiuite object in life, cannot eternally be mourning a lost love, or dwelling constantly upon private grief. Existence Is too full of other things, and the strugglo In the race too keen ; and friends bsoomo divided, and precious ties and interests broken. So Julian and Linda lost Bight of. oaoh othor, and Rose want on witlr tho work sho had begun. Sho had obtahiod a first rato' engagement at one of the prlnoipsl Wert-ond theatres, and managed to rise her Influeuca successfully in seonring the leading male part for Julian Blake. He thought it very friendly of her, and was grateful accord ingly ; arid thus ono tio between them was established. They had always aetod well to gether, and both were suoccssful in their new parts, and shared saah other's triumphs. That was another tie. Then Ross's evident appre ciation of himself— always a great deal to a man, and especially to one -whom anothor woman has rejected — her kindness, her sym pathy, snd a thousand and one imperceptible links were binding them closer and oloser to gether. Still, ho did not love hor. In his solitary and, mooidy hours ho ofton thought of Linda, and sighed— wondering why sho wouldn't have him, and if she liked another fellow, and whare.ahe was now, and what she waa doing. Ones, In as indifferent a manner as he could assume, he had asked Miss Greville about hor — he knew they corresponded at intervals— and bad ventured to wonder if sho were married or any thing, you know I Ross was wlokcd upon im pulse oftoner than design, and she hated and despised herself for telling him, as she did, that aha belioved Linda was and had been engaged for some time. ... Then Jultan foreed himself iuto the present, and - refleoted on Rose's friendship and the gratitude he owed her. It was impossible for him tb'help seeing that she preferred him to any other man, though she had lovers In plenty, and wealthy ones. too. ."No one marries his first love," he mused. " Rose is very kind and olevcr —It would be. to:our mutual Interest tomurry.'' The result was inevitable. He was drawn on imperceptibly further and further, until tho faot of thoir betrothal seems to havo accom plished itself, and Rose aohievsd the object for whioh she had so dishonorably striven, and tho attainmont of which spoiled two lives. The wedding was quito a publio event, both brido and bridegroom being dramatic celebrities, and was chronicled in ornoto wording by eager reporters, whoso effusions wero copied wholesale by provinoinl journals. Linda Ross, working hard far away on a northern tour, read glowing accounts in the papers, and shed many secret tonrs ; for though she, too, had her art to think of, aud the busy moments of oaoh day loft no time for useless repining, sho was only a woman, and had loved Julian Blake— y«r, anil loved Iiim still in spito of tho crushing knowledge that he belonged to anothor henceforth. " I might liavo known it was Roso lie oared for," sho said, bitterly. "Sho bad always vorything, aud I nothing." But the end was not yet. Fate works slowly, yet very surely, and looking hack upon bor life story Lindn onnnot think its events havo been mero chance. OHAITER If. It is not easy to dive into Roso Blake's inner consciousnoss, and acourately desoribo her truo emotions after she married the man whom site loved, yot had so deeply wronged. Joy and passionate delight may havo roigned paramount for a time, yot, when her first eestasy had sobered down somewhat, and sha became acoustomcd to tho happiness whioh sho had hardly dared to hopo would really be hers, she found herself continually wondering and doubt ing if ho loved her, or still had thoughts of Liuilo; and had only taken liorself from motives of expodienoy. Julian oertainly gave her no aause for theso unprofitable speculations, tho morbid self torturing! of a jealouB and uncon trolled nature. His msrriago vows had been honestly inonnt, nnd his behavior had been uniformly affectionate. 'Thoro might bo — there undoubtedly wns— a look of that warmth and devotion wuioh oharacterisos.true passion. Liko many othor men nnd women, he had loved onoe, and ones only. His love had been unfortunate, and I10 had striven to so successfully inter his dead past thnt no ghost of it might arisa to over shadow the contentment of tho present ; and, actor though ito was, set in the midst of a vortex of temptation, his constanoy and domostio kind ness were unfailing. Had ho proved a less true husband or treated her otherwise than he did Roso might have regretted the sin which led to her marriage. As it was, sho became more and more attaohed to her husband ; nnd, striving to banish troublesome rocollcotions, devoted her self and her life to his interests. If remorse sometimes arose she resolutely put . it away at onoe, aud argued with her better self that all had happened far tha best. Then that lingering doubt of. him, and the loar that hia heart was still another's, would orsop up to make her miserable. She longed to mention Linda's name to Julian, and.to try and find out if what sho dreaded to know were true, but hositated, and dared nob Perhaps it was batter to let sleeping dogs lis. But, as time went on, the name of Linda Ross oould not always remain unspokon. Inde pendently of the fact that she occasionally wrote to Rose, and sometimes sent frankly kind re membrances to Julian, she was fost rising to no ordinary eminence in her profession, aud the E raises of her talent and beauty were in every- ody'a mouth. Years of continual study and experience, uninterrupted by love or marriago, wore bringing their roward, and fame and success wero well within Linda's grasp, Sho rose in the. now vast horizon of tho drama, a star of the very first magnitude, and authors and . managers alike grow anxious to sccurs her verviocs, while fastidious oritlos were unanimous in their vcrdiot of commendation. Roso Blake's face would grow dark as she heard her former rival's namo spoken in buoIi high nnd manifestly enthnsi- aatio terms, and ss Liuda was now in London, playing at a theatre cloeo to that in whioh aha and hor husband were engaged, they might meet any day after these years of separation. It was a disquieting probsbility. In tho natural oourso of events, thoy did most. Mr. and Mrs. lllaks wore frequontly in vited to receptions where Miss Roso woe also a guost, nud the encounter was inevitablo; hut soenoslike these nre so tame and quiet off tho stage. At the first masting Linda greeted Rose warmly and with evident ploaturs, while the latter behaved as if nothing had happened in | that bygono time, and there were no treaohery between them. -As for Julian, he met -his early | love In a perfectly unembarrassed manner, and spoke a few polite oommohplaoes In the usual empty and conventional way. Yet-inwardly bis heart gave a great throb, and he noted with a pang how muoh moro lovely, sweet and gracious than even of old sho was ; how utterly unspoiled by fame nnd flattery she appeared ; and how time, Instead of. stealing her beauty, bad added to.and enhanced it. Thoy met often alter this, but not oven Ross's jealousy and keen watohfulnoss could deteot the merest, sign that old love still lived. "I am foolish," she said to herself. -"Of course they have forgotten it long ago." Lulling herself into fanoled ssourtty again, and apurrod and emulated by hor rival's success in their common at t, Rose threw herself onoe more heart and soul into work. A;now play was shortly to be produced, in whioh .she and Julian had splendid parts, and they lioth read, studied and rehearsed' w,tth -apparently tireless energy. To the man's lobns.t framo the strain did no great harm, but. Ross's physical and men tal powers were not proof against these hsrenlean efforts. , Julian saw her strength was rapidly giving way, and entreated her to.tako rost, but in vitln. She. struggled against her weakness, and laborod on indomitably until outraged nature demanded redress. -On. the very night when she had expected a great publio triumph Rose lay down smitton, nerves and brain ex hausted from shoor overwork. Julian's sorrow and dismay wore infinito, and the situation was n orltionl one. ' Of eourse, his wife's part had to. be taken by an under study, who, however, felled to do anything like the barest justice to, the dramatist's conception. A more, efiioient substitute for-Mrs. Blake must be found, .or. It meant a serious loss financially. What leading aotress with a name warranted to "draw ".could be Beoured? , The choice fell at oneo upon Linda Rosa. A magnificent salary was offered her, and she accepted; and when Rose Blake awoks from her delirium of fever and pain, and eagerly inquired who was playing her part at the theatre, tha un expected reply, "Miss Ross," oame as a stagger ing shook. She gasped for breath. That Linda and Julian should have oome together thus 1 A ebiil, superstitious dread overcame her. Fate and oiroumstanee were proving too strong for her. She dared not show her feolinga to Julian. Throughout her Hluess he had heou bo kind and devoted, never leaving her bedside for the theatre until the last moment, and ' full of sor row and sympathy whioh were surely genuine I She felt utterly ashamed to doubt "him. Tho first moments of her convalesoonot, howovar, were .spent in eagorly scanning the newspaper liotioes of bor rival's performance, and when she read the unstinted pralsss of London's isverost oritics she felt despairlng-lndeed, . " Supplanted onoe more ! " she moaned, bit terly. ' V It in too oruol j " Julian, never auspeotiug tho workings of his wife's mind, brought hor all tho nows of tho theatre, aud was quite hearty end unreserved in his expressions of admiration for Miss Ross s goniua. "Is she bettor than I should havo boen ?'' asked Roso, wist/ully. "No, no, dear! — oh, no, uot better — a differ ent style, that's all," ho nnswored, reassuringly. "When you nrs quito strong enough you must oomo down and see us. You oan wrap up well, and sit quiotly in my box. Thon you can tell mo what you think of her yourself." Oh, how Rose longed to go ! Her very anxioty to get well actually retarded her re- oovory. Sho beoame so feverish and irritable, and several wooks elapsed ere tho dootor paid his parting visit and told her sho might safely leave her room, Tha resumption of her profes sional duties was, of course, out of tho question for some months to come. Sho would havo to be most careful, and lcoep as nuiot as possihlo. The days seemed intcrmiuaule, until the night for whioh sho longod yot aoutely dronded oame, and she might go to tho theatre. She wont early, and sat in the corner of hor box to await the ringing-np of tho ourtain. The housssoon began to fill rapidly, end many of her friends and acquaintances were there. Then, when the orohestra had playod an overture and tho play began, her attention was rivetted to tho stage, and her interest grew morbidly deep nnd ex aggerated ns oho watohed and listened to hor rival. Sho lost no tone, glance or gesture ot Linda's, and discriminating and hypercritical as sho was, could not choose but adroit hor own defeat. Here was a greater aotress than she. There wob not a flaw and not a inovomeat or nu intonation that was not perfeot in its surpassing ease and finish. Julian, too, was admirable, and each enhanced ths oharm of the other's noting. At tho end of the first not friends oame in twos nnd throes to Mrs. Blake's box. Thoy congratulntod her upon hor rooovcry, and dropped oaaual remarks about tho play. There was but one opinion of Miss Ross : Sho was superb, splendid, tho greatest actress of tho day. Rose leaned hook, weak of body and siolc at heart, but gathored herself together again as the ourtain roso once mors, and resumed hor intent watohfulnoss. Sho had rarely had an opportunity of seeing her husband from tho front of the house, nnd had novor realised how splendidly he played until now, but( her pride and admiration were mingled with bitter and baser feelings as she divined, or thought she divined, the cause. Sho felt resentful and. angry as loud applauso broke forth from all psrts of the orowded house; and when, in response to tho universal demand, Julian led Linda on at ths end of the not, aud they both stood to acknowledge the deafening cheers, tears of mortification stood in her oyos. She was tlmnkful for a short interval of relief before the ourtain went up for the third timo, and tho grand climax approaohsd. Every eyo was fixed, nnd overy ear strained. Tho stillness and siloncs were profound. Hush ! "What was that. slight stir whioh broke tho spell? First an impalpable rustle, then awhls- psring aud sudden agitation. Surely nothing of any serious import ? The rustle became more deoidod, the whispering grew louder, and tho agitation swelled into commotion. Even the artists upon tho stags paused at tho suddsu Bpirit of disquietude which had pervaded tho rapt audience. What did it mean ? Iu another second tho awful, fatal word orunhed like a thunderbolt. Firo I The hor rible reality was known. Fire! It bad broken out — how, none over know— at the book of one of the upper tiers, and already, almost as soon as tho alarm was given, the flames shot forth with fierce swiftness, and a frightful psnio en sued. All tho alarm exits woro quiokly thrown open, and men and woman shrieked and fought, and wero mad with terror as they trampled upon csoli other in tho rush for dear life. Roso Blake Btarted up frantically and gavo a great ery as tho firs proof curtain canio down with a thud to out off the stage from the auditorium, and she realised that sho was alone, completely out off from her husband by that terriblo iron barrier. Sho stood for a moment panio strieken, and wrung hor hands in piteous despair. Then, auddenly remembering tho small door only a fow yards away, which led boliind the soones, she rushed towards it. Alas 1 It was com pletely blocked by tho terrified occupants of the stalls, who were struggling pest it on their way out to lifo and liberty. On, how desperately they fought tn osoapo ! Tho terror and confu sion. were indescribable. ' Sho mado a wild attempt to push through tho human mass, animated by tho one idea of reach ing ber husband, who was probably trying with all hia might to approaah her. Had she endea vored to move with, instead of against the mul titude, and to mako her way out by one of tho ordinary exits, she might probably havo suo- oseded as othors did, for there were no lives lost that night; but all her brnin and body wero oonoentrated into one mad impulio — Julian t Julian 1 Sho muat got through tho door to Julian ! In bor. agonised struggles she pushed her fellow oreatures asldo with frcuziod strength, while oaoh momont ths danger increased as the flames spread. The terror grew, and tho panio .became wilder. The draughts of air coming through tbo opon doors fanned tho fire, and the smoke was dense and Buffocsting. - "Julian!" she shrieked aloud. Then with a mighty last effort, sho reached the door, but sank fainting on its threshold and lay there unheeded, while the rest, fighting for their own lives, trod upon her in thoir . struggles, and there was none to help her. Whon Julian Blako, a few minutes after wards, managed to push open the door from the other Hido, ns the rosistanco against it becamo less, the flame was so near that it eourehed his face, and ho must inevitably have porished bad bo attomptcd to go further in soaroh of his wife. Ha nooded not to do ao. In the mere not of opening the door ho stumblod against hor insensible body, and, stooping down, recognitod hor, bruised and trampled nnd disfigured as she was. Aghast and lioriifisd, Julian oaught her in his arras, and retreated as swiftly ss possible. Sho was not doad, hut badly crushed and injured, aud quite unoonscious. He got bor home quiokly, and summoned dootors with all speed. Thoy looked very grave and ominous as thoy carefully oxamined tho poor woman, and Jnlian was afraid to road what he saw in their faces. There was not a glasm of hope sb thoy turned to him wlion they had flnishoih Rose's injuries woro terrible, and sho wns dying. 8lie oould not possibly reoover, and would probably pass away iu a fow hours, or perhaps might lingor for a day or two. Julian groaned, and Icnnod over his haploss wife in unavailing agony of yonrning pity, kissing tho poor disfigured fnce again nnd ngain. Ho was always glad to remem ber the love and sorrow in his lioarl then. Rosa woks to aonsolousnssssoon, butfolt little or no pain, and was able to speak In a weak, falling voice. Her fnoulties were apparently bright and unoloudcd, and sha listened with perfeot composure to liar husband's fsltorlng accents as he told her how ho found her. She did not ask him what the end would be. There was no ntoil, for sho knew it Instinctively, with that clearness of mental poroeption that some- timoB oomcs at the last. Her brain became abnormally aotlve, and with a total revulsion of all her previous fooling ono strong desire beset her — to confess to ber husband and.to Linda Ross tho foul wrong sho had dons thoni years ago. In" these dying moments "Rose" bowed to tho Nemesis whioh hnd at last overtaken her, as she thought, and her failing onorgies centred in tho wish to atone. Sho told Julian first, and then implored him to send for Linda. "My wifs," said Julian, tenderly and for givingly, "aho noed nevor know. Perhaps — porhapa — it might havo been for tha best. We havo boen" Imppy, you and I ; and I havo loved you, Ross 1" "Julian, my husband, you wore always too good and nobla ; I never desorvod it. Oh, do lot me make what atonement I can for spoiling both your lives, aud send for Linda before it is too late 1" Her roquost was granted, and when Linda oame Julian left them togothcr. Roso breathed hor oonfeasion into her friend's hewildorod oar In a fow words. It was soon told, and sho sank back exhausted. The frail lifo was uoarly spent, and tho tide obbed very fnst. When Julian camo back into tho room he found hia wifo tranquilly breathing her last in Linda's nrms. He was in time to receive ono long look of Iovo from hor fast dimming ayes. Anothor minute, nnd all was over. Roso Blako was dead, and her sins and Bhortoomings with her. " Sho told you ?" he asked, hoarsoly. "Yes." "You forgivo hor — I see you do !" "Forgivo her! Yes, as I hops to ho for given. " "Sho wronged ms dooply, deeply, Linda; but was my true and devoted wife. I loved her," ho said, loyally. " My poor Rose 1" aud ho stoopod to kiss the eold lips whioh could nover moro respond. Then, weeping sorely, Lindn slipped quietly away, and left tha dead and the living alono together. Not for long months afterwards, though he aooassarily saw her every night, did Julian breathe his wife's name to Linda Ross, or allude to her sad confession ; but whon his grief became less poignant, and the' old love, stronger and sweeter than ovor of yore, asserted itself, he scut his loving nnd grsoious lady n heart of violets upon St, Valentine's day. " What would have been your answer to that old valentine, if you had rcooivod it, Linda?" She looked at him, and he neoded no other answor. — Lloyd 's Weekly, 