SYDNEY SPORTING LETTER. " [BY "OAnoosksB.'-] ' TUB Sydney Turf Club meeting had too many counter attractions to compete against for it to lie a brilliant success, still about 10,000 people wended their way to Hand wick. The wallaby crowd was again a long way larger than it should be, and surely the Rail ?way Commissioners aro making a mistake in .allowing tho early'and late trams to go and .come empty, when a cheaper fare would Hil .them. Taking it altogether it was ii tame day's tracing, although atmospheric affairs were .conducive to enjoyment (that Is if people .don't rush about trying to get another point). From the time the numbers wore .arranged to tho finish there was only one in the Hurdles, and that one Anarrow. Keogh made no secret of it, and those who received -.the. infonnation carly were tho chief bene- fiters. . The race is hardly worth describing, .as after Marque and Bettina had looked promising to the bend, it was apparent . Anarrow was only, playing with thom, »nd he came away in the straight and won as he likedin&fw.; ; - - ; If tho Hast were a one! horse race, the ?Challenge.Stakes waa even more so. Veno was matta favorite at J's, O.B. 5's. and from 10's to anything others. , Buccleugh and . Gloria on. tho inside shot away from the start, and the latter soon left the others and .came into the straight with a great lead; All Sorts, Bliss, Cannon, Veno, and Buc .clettgh heading the others.' Bub nothing approached Gloria, and Moore got her home .easily by half a length in 1.14J. Cannon was «ccoud, and All Sorts third. ' Had the latter not incurred a penaltyat Rosehill, he musb havo been more than dangerous, for this race. The , Corinthian Plate, with amateur riders, was a novelty thoroughly enjoyed by everyone, bar the animals ridden, which in some cases must have wondered whatever was coming over them. Aurelius was favor- ite, »nd Olivera next on tho list. Nihilist and the favorite were first away, but all going at a great pace they bunched up and ?cuino round the bend in most erratic styles. His Reverence took the lead after being in itho front rank throughout, and won on Buffer -since from Olivera, who should have romped iiomo if properly ridden. Her rider, Sparke, who generally makes himself conspicuous one way or another in these races, appeared to lose all management of the mare at the .distance; and she, making up her mind ithero was nothing in going half a. mile past tho winning post, swerved across for the ¡paddock gate, allowing His Reverence to win, and sticking her toes in, so unsettled (her rider that he quietly slid over her off «houlduron to the grass, much to the amuse- ment of tho crowd, who shouted with laughter. Uabba ' was third,'and Nihilist ((well ridden hy Terry) was fourth. The time. 1.4-14, shows how bho field went with ¡big weights up. The Steeplechase was a chapter of aeoi rdcnts, only two horses out of nine finishing, these being the outsiders Castlebar first, arid Tlio Ace. Sneaker came down at the logs, ¿ind Hilma, who has nothing of tho stamp of distecplcr, imprisoned Underwood, his jockey, in thu treble until after the field came round .again, and little Mac will be a long timo before ho wins a big timber event with this light framed horse. Shannon came a purler at Oxenham's. Grandwing turned turtle at the logs. Frantic fell near tho sheds, inter- fering with The Ace. Castlebar, Cardigan jmd Tho Ace then cleared the last jump together, and in racing home Underwood broke his leg, and was compelled to pull up. ?Castlebar eventually winning the race easily. Tho Anniversary Handicap consisted of 10 runners, and the money was piled on to The Captain. Launceston and Salutation wore next in thu market at O's and from 10 to ¡svny price others. Nightingale, looking very flt, was first away to a fair start, but going round the bend Solon headed, with Florrie I close'un. Launceston led past Oxen ham's, I with Florrie and The, Trier nearest up, but I turning into tho back struightQueenshorough \ took the lead and retained it until the straight 1 was reached for home, whore Tho Trier shot \ outaiid, energetically riddenbvlittloTrainor, \ lie stalled off tho challenge ot Blue Peter and 1 The Captain, and won all out by three Upiarters of a length, with The Captain \another head away. Ballater and Magnus «vere inseparable . for fourth. Little Bernie and Camoola were tailed ort last. The time \ X30I is vorv fair. \A dozen youngsters fidgetted about some time before getting away for the linal event, but onco going the .outsider Glcndowner, .tarrying thu all green colours of T. M'Oarthy, .coi|k the lead arid was never caught, winning .comfortably by three lengths in 1.2¿. The winner is by Julian Avenal-13vii, and was followed home by the Syndicate's Chester- man (Ohester-Episode), Sum -Hordern's Colaretto (Castor-Necklace) being third. fHqria broke away from the start several ios, making the hearts of her backers sink, they thought she would tire herself out. ; is in the Newmarket handicap with 7-12, I will now have, to be.re-handicapped. With anything linder 8-0'she will bo very Oakleigh Platei "oifur.V whero ? 7-0 was ¡afflxed to her mime. : ^ Anarroiv's win in tho hurdles drew a large amount of money out of the bookmakers' barn, but bud luck followed the general punters afterwards, for they could not spot another winner. Gloria's price ranged from .Jiffs tawn to 10's. His Reverence started at S to i Tens went begging about Castlebar for tie Steeplechase, arid any price between 12 un&20 was obtainable about The Trier. Glendihnoii was not fancied at all for the Nursevî, and twenties were possible for small amount} but in some cases only " tens" were .quoted. \ CamocJd looked a picture of weariness She will also ineiir. a penalty in when he came out for the Anniversary 1 handicaplund it could be plainly seen that tho chuinHoii chestnut was olï colour. He {perspired »»bil he was white : besides, he had "A set of sises on, whether they were alumi- num or nott and in the race he was beaten by every thilg else. It was so apparent when the field cani round the bend, that it looked almost crueler .Tones to thrash him along as he did, with bob a ghost of a show of ever .catching the Vat horse but one, which was Little Bernie. VAmongst things worth noting jin the race woi\: Launceston was very handy with his heels fa such a phrase can be used), And' Mahee ha\ a very lucky escape of a broken'leg jusbhefore tho sturt. Solon and .Queensborough, \\*vo consistent horses-of late, held' the lead nealy all the way. Salutation, on whom Chris. Kboro carried' 81bs. over, was away last, and wi never dangerous. : Blue 'Peber flattered hisadherénts in the straight. 'The Captain book Vll the riding Cis. Parker .could, put.oh himito lund homo a length ¡behind the winner fad' a head behind Petre. The Ohallenge Stiltes winner is a brilliant ?three-year-old daugUer of Trenton-Aureolu. ?Six furlongs in. l.UJ M th 7-8. Tho Anniversary Xandicap winner. The Trier, ii a 8-yeur-old cWnub son of Tridenb ;:Lady Bird. 11¿ furlong |n 2.80J wibh 0-0. ' , Ali hdur, or¡so ufterthe races, the ruin, .which hud1, been threading all the day, came on.\nnd continued tlfull, more or loss, throughout the'inight, . IWppeared so un -promising on Saturday nianing that War -wicklFarin races -looked %e not taking .place i The'web was not so lid at the Farm, aio wever,, and it was decida to hold the jracesl though owing to the clu\nottroubling diboul lotting the public know His fact, they 'lost unlimber, of i patrons. -..-Onliu very mod- erate attendance was in evideiU when the .hurdlers were rung up for the rue, A dozen faced the starter, and Annrro\Vwith 12-5 -was favourite.'. Irrara showed fchtway for a mil«.when Barton took up the runing, and .although resolutely challenged ' hV Hegira, he Just won by a jiead, Murk Twjn third. 3.5Ï The Nursery Handicap wasVyon by -Glenullin, who was favourite, witlÏRecori .sttuction second and Lady Margarathird. 'Time 1.4i. The winner is by Lochiel-Ver- bena, and was favorite ut Randwick tfe day .b/foro. The Welter Milo went to th fine Woking Hercules, a son of Goldsborugh .Scintilla, ridden, by Mr. Richards. Ijrry pup was second, and Tuan, ridden IV J, /Fielder, third. Time 1.50. Eight amathrs /land 0. professional jockeys rode in this rm>. / Bendigo once more asserted himself by wu / nlng the Warwick Farm ljm. handicap wib. / S-0. Kookaburra Was second, and Solo\ Jj third. Reversion annexed the Selling Race^ with Creeper second and Ilma third. Sham- rock,' with'the top waight of 11-8, showed what winning form Tom Brown's stable is in by. taking-the Pace Welter for Geo. Hill. Killarney was second, and Merry Belle third. 