THE DAY OF REST. RELIGIOUS UNREALITY. Br Venerable XT. W. Far&ar;, D.D., Archdeacon of Westminster, Preached (n Wes'mirtitarAtbey.JuIy 14. 0 Israel, thonhsst destroyed thyself; but In Me Is thine help.—HosraxUL i Unless we who are oailed upon to preach to j others jealously watoh our own words and j methods, it will be the inevitable tendency of our sermons, m of other religions exeroiaes, to | baoome empty, hollow, and oonwenlional. They may oollapee only too easily into recog- , nised shibboleths and customary tags. In the last century, when ert had become as stereo typed as everything else, a well-known i painter, looking ate friend'slandeoape, eaid, j " It is all very well, but where do you put j your brown tree?" It had become a reoog- | nised trick, a formnlarised rule to put a i brown tree eomewhere in every landscape as an effect of colour, and a landeoape was j regarded as imperfect unless the painter i followed the wretohed convention. No one i pretended that there were always brown | in Nature, but they were expected in piotures, so far had art degenerated from the truth of Nature; and no leu easily may eermons degenerate from the trnth of Christianity. They tend, alas! to be quite full of brown I trees, and I for one do not wonder that bo many of our Ohurohes are empty, and eo many men hold aloof from them; that they do not cure for the endless iteration of formulee and dogmas, whioh seems to produce eo little effeot on the minds of those who preach or those who listen to them. PerhapB the mass j of men around believe that sermons oan be j BometbiDg better sometimes than "vacant chaff well meant for grain," if they could see a more marked differenoe between the life of professing Christians and the life of ordinary men. As it is, we have preaahsd Christ for oenturies Until men almost learn to bcoB, So few seem any better off. The old ory, "Christ ie oome, but wben oometlisalvation?" is ringing more eadly than j ever from many earnest hearts. We have I multiplied services, but where iB the proof of more willing, more winning holiness? _ We hare multiplied euebariets, but what sign is there ttmt they pruduoe in the religious world more than the love which is the fulfil- I ling of tbs law ? Now, as of old, the deadliest I peril to Christianity arises from the unreality ] of Christians. Face, loved of little children long sgo; Head, hated by the priests and rulers then, Ssy, " Was not thisTby passion to foreknow lu that death's hour the deeds of Christian men?" 1 have long been oonvinced that many of our opinions and praotioesof these days differ enormously from the simple Gospel whioh Christ preached. They muoh more resemble the dead Jadaism of priests, of Pharisees. And amongst the oommonplⅇ, the self seeking, the worldly, the torpid somnolency of religion ; among the cowards, the trim mers, the half-and-half, the nothing at all exoopt in name, in the Church and in the world, how rare it ie to be refreshed and nplifted by even a single inspiring ex ample. If these be bitter truths I am sorry; but it is our duty to speak truths, however bitter, rather than eoft platitudes and euphuisms. David eaid in bis day, "Wo eee not our tokens; there is not one prophet more, no, not one iB there amongst us who under standeth any more." And Jeremiah said in his day, " Prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means, end my people love to hare it so. And what will ye J do m the end thereof ?" a CHEAT PROPHET WASTED. I see but little hope for the reauimation of the true Christian ideal until God in His meroy raises up amongst us some prophet like Savonarola, or Luther, or John Wealey, some saint like St. Paul, or St. Franois, who is a saint indeed. Until that day oomes we may continue to do our own poor work, or the idle nullity whioh wa oall our work, amid the dead •ea of torpid anreality and discouraged weari ness; our own work being but an almost im perceptible ripple on that dead seaof common plaoe; and we oan but pray for the i huroh and for the world, "Come from the four winds, O breathe, and bteathe upon these slain that they may live." I preaohed last Sunday on that common place of Holy Writ and of experience; but the shortness and emptiness of life is meant to emphasize the repeated lesson of Christ. " Set your affeotions on things above, not on things ou the earth." Instead of ending the sermon with conventional exhortations, I pur posely left it to produce on every sincere and thinking soul its own eternal lesson, for nothing is easier than to forget that religion means a good mind and a good life, and that the way which Christ Himself, like all the prophets and all the apostles, appointed was, " If thon wilt enter into life, keep the commandments." This was. what Christ meant when He eaid, "Except your righteousness shall exoeed the righteous ness of the Scribes and Pharisees ye shall in no wise enter into the kingdom of heaven." You may try your own ways and pride your aelf on your own respectability; you may punctually perform whatever modern forme of observances most nearly correspond to building seven alters, and offering on every altar a bullock and ram; but unless such methods bring with them theelementaryChristiangraces they would be no better in God's sight than sounding brass or tinkling oymbal. Consider what He eaid so often to those who seemed to be religions of old—"To what purpose is the multitude of your eaorificea unto Me? Bring no more vain oblationB. 'I bate your feast days, I smell no sweet savour in yonr •olovnn aeeamkliu " frlVA hlO FSirhfAAItanOBB solemn assemblies." Give me righteousness and not talk,' oonduot and not opinions, character and not ceremonies, love and not shams. " Wash you, make you olean, put away the evil of your doings from before Mine eyes, oease to do evil, learn to do well." I dwell on these thoughts, wbioh are the ' most essential facts of religion, beosase it will go very, very ill with us if, amid the regions of emptiness, peopled only with phantoms, we fail to grasp even the few eternal verities trhich are absolutely and for ever true. DOCTRINE AND PRACTICE. In every religion there mast be doobrine j and praotioe. The basis of dootrine on which onr life most be built does not need vast tomes of saoerdotal and soholastio theology for its exposition. The Lord's Prayer, the ''en Com- I ■nandmenta, the Apostles' Creed will give yon j more than all you require for the salvation of poor souls; and unless you see that they were revealed tons for one and one only object, to make us good men and good women, we miss their most rudimentary oonoeption. Christ came to show us that God's will is our sanoti fiostion—"Only be who doeth righteousness is : born of God." I know nothing that this age, nothing that this nation, nothing that thiB Church needs more pleasingly than the lesson, "Get linobrityl Get ainoerity! Simplify yonr .lives,'simplify your religion; return to the simplicity whioh is in Christ Jesus." Burn up the ooIIobboI superstructures of Wood, hay, straw, atubble whioh you have, piled on the one foundation : oease to oppress, or try to oppress, oar intellects and our.oop aolenoea by teaohing for dookrinea the oom mandmonta of men. Fling your worthless idols to the moles and to the bets 1 Learn that the gospel means to believe in the Lord Jeins Christ, end because we believe in Him, not -to rely on esying, "Lord, Lord,"but to do the things whioh he eaith. Whatever oar belief may be, whatever onr worship may be, unless we keep innooenoy, and' do the thing that it right, we have missed the one thing, and only thing, which will bring any human being peace at the last. Until some fire of God burns amid the accumulated rottenness around as, it is not easy, my friend, to prevent our lives from being dibrit in the all but universal rubbish-heap of vulgar religious semblances. Yet is the one supreme duty to work out our own salvation ■ with fear and trembling before we, too, are j ploughed down into the common dust of tbiB level plain, where every molehill is oouoted for a mountain, and every thistle for a forest I tree. The gospel, the revelation of God in Christ, was meant to save and uplift this our human life, whioh is so short here and so endless in the world beyond the grave. The view of life whioh represents it as a dream, a vapour, a shadow less than a shade, and nothing less than nothing, coming no whenoo and leading no whither, suoh a view if taken alone is singularly un true As billows on the undulating main, That swoeptng fall, and falling, swell again, So on the tide-if tt e inconstant roll, The dy.njf body and the deatnUss soil. THE lllilDOE Off LIFE. You know that a great English writorin one of the moBt famous passages of English prose has described life as a bridge of three score arches and ten, rolling over the waters of a prodigious tide bounded by darkness at both ends, and many of the passengers con tinually dropping and disappearing through innumerable trapdoors, while yet the re-. maiuder are busy in the vain pursuit of bubbles that glitter in their eyes and dance before them, and whioh they never roaob, or whioh if they do reach break at a tonoh ; and envy, avarice superstition, despair, and passion like obscene birds of prey, infest their oourse — and, fetching a deep sigh, he said, "Alas! man was made in vain. How has he givon way to misery and mortality, tortured in life and swallowed up in death !" Let us nob accept these views as though they express the whole truth. Let us always supplement them with the further truth that Life is real, life is earnest, And the grave is not its goal; "Dnst thou art to dust roturnest," Was not spoken of the soul. There is on every side of us a false life, and on every side of us a sham religion. Tbero is open to all of us a blessed lifo and a roal religion. If we attain, as we all can attain, to tbis we shall learn to thank God for our j creation as well as "for our preservation and all tho blessings of this life," beoauso through the inestimable love of God lifo may bring to every one of us "the means of grace and the hope of glory." Christianity in nearly all of us produoes fruits so orude, so scant, to hunger-bitten as to be little better than a store of Levitism or a J godless heathendom. Nevertheless, we must still try to bear suoh fruits as we can. Chris tianity smitten through and through with tbo J curse and the blight of our unreality—that is the reason why it makes snch little way and is losing its bold of the masses of the popula tion. Yet let us not despair. God judges ub not as man judges. Ho knows what wretched inseots we naturally are. "He knoweth whereof we are made. He remembereth that we are but dustand therefore His compas eiou revives, and elevates, and inspires, and fills us with his plenitude and covers with the white robe of His redemption, and bathos in tho purifying radiance of His eternity all our j deeply ingrained corruption, r11 our unntter- | able littleness, all our self-deceiving shams. And because of this grace, this mercy, this forgiveness, though life is short, though it pasB amid such surroundings, we oan make it happy, we oan make it noble ; happy, not, indeed, with the eort of thing which vulgar minds t&ko; for happiness not happy with 'vile pleasures ; not happy with the liittle brief authority of earth's haphazard and inch-high dignities; not happy with vain excitements; not happy with the ] uselessnesa of the butterfly flashing through its brief summer day from flower to flower; not happy with the superfluity of animal comforts as swine with their noses thrust into j the well-replenished trough ! " Crcde mihi," said St. Augustine, " ret tcveravera gauda,"— "Believe mo, true joy is a thing severe." And yet, I say, we may be happy, for it has been a joy even on racks and in dungeons passing the joy of harvest, and joy like the ] odour of night flowors, born of darkness and j tribulation. Though sorrowful, we oan still "j rejoice, if we bo true Christians, in a joy un- j spoakable and full of glory. We are passing j through a vale of tears which the Saviour of the world has crossed like ourselves, and from i whiob we dsily drink the shallow, bitter, and : troubled water of our lives. Yet happiness ! is not wholly absent from us ; it oomes and goes; it is as the lightning shining in the cast and vanishing in the west— the whole | earth sees it and thrills, but it passes — it passes like youth, like beauty, like genius, like whatsoever is happy. "Woe is me,"we j are driven to ory, " that I am oonstrained to | dwell with Meshech, and to have my habita tion among the the tents of Kedar." Henoe happiness may not perfectly abide with us, but it knocks at our doors, it sits beside oar hearth,, the brightness of its fioe returns to us even amid our tears, makes' them happier than the laughter of fools, which is the crackling of thorns under the pot. It lies near to, it emhraoes our very sorrows, and so uniting much affliction with joy of the Holy Ghost, we can exult as Christ exulted ; we can eat our bread aB did those early Christians with exaltation as well as with singleness of heart; we can not only rejoice, but, in a sense, rejoice evermore. Weoan beaiok, and yet happy; indignant and yet happy; tormented, and yet happy, because the springs of our happiness descend from foundations far above these dull, drizzling, and earthly clouds. We can turn from the murk of the storm without to the sunshine of a pure oonsoienoe within. Even amid ignoblenesB a trne man oan be ■ noble, and to be noble is to be happy. " Be ] your own palaoo or the world's your gaol." HELP IN GOD. Here, then, is the sum of the whole matter. Lifo is short. There is nothing which the j world, the flesh, or the devilcan offer us whiob j is not profoundly unsatisfying— Man is to man the sorest, surest ilL j Yet God, who gireth more grace, oan deliver j us from that fraud and subtlety of the devil or man whioh is the only final irremediable J ourse of onr mortal lives. He can give us holiness, He oan give us peace, and there fore He oan give us happiness in Him— j essential happiness here, eternal happiness hereafter. There is nothing to complain of in I life, bat only in ourselves; who pervert, and : dwarf, and degrade, and poison it; and soGod ever calls to us and pleads with us through ' His Son, onr Lord, " Oh, Israel, thou hast destroyed thyBelf; but in Me is thine help." There are two deaths—the death of the : body, the death of the eoul; of the one we j are certain, the other threaten* us. . Bat Christ stretohee out to us the right head which for oar sake* he Buffered to be nailed to the oross of shame; and if we will gr&Bp; that hand, if we will make Him our only Friend, if we will hear Hie preoepts, if we will walk in His laws. He will draw us, as He drew Peter, out of the drowning eeas; eared from the great tribulation, our robes washed and made white in the blood of the Lamb, we oan be uplifted far abore the surrounding faleitiea of meanness, malice, and intrigue. The heart which is pure and true is like thedewdrop whioh reflects the azure of heaven, though it shines only on the blade of ebakened grass. If we spend our lives aright, if we use the world as not abusing it, we ehall not fail of a happiness here which is high and serious and solitary and incomparable, and in ths world "beyond wo may live to realize those words of our greatest man—"In super eminence of beatiflo vision we may progress the dateless and irrevocable cycles of eternity, and clasp inseparable hands in joy and bliss in over measure for ever." 