an outcast JAM, BISEW ESSSETBB.] iilirfwi by special arrangement with st. Ward, to ck and Bowietk, Limited,. [ALI BIGHTS BESEBVED.] CHAFTER II.—CONTINUED. | G F IOT>RI B O O K I E , 1L it«&e; Bfeiy OFFSMME,' E^gwtertaw*." " Zillsh," A*, >ew days later Mr. Roberts returned lllelbourne. He had not enjoyed his 1 he said, and was not so keen at lining as he used to be. He hoped Ttel would go in the future, and then ioted towards his daughter, as if ring whether the young man had j while he had been away, •on posted my letter P" said Ishmael, jse," replied Kiohard, " I managed to it,'and 1 bought a paper for you. r lit you might be interested in it. n oldish one, but I see it's printfd at I and as you told me you coined from feet of England, I knowed it would jt you more than a later one that Ibe printed in London. Here it is, •sf Briton. The chap as sold it to ma 3 he only got it by accident." handed the paper to Ishmael, who kit alone to read it. It was the first inication he had receivel from there, lere MB heart'B love Btill remained, |wanted to be alone and in silence r.< lit. The first page interested him but leithei did the second, although he foetal items about the markets of L Lisfceard, St. Austell, and many blaees with a curious feeling at , It seemed 60 strange that he, Australia, should be reading of the doings of people in the |of his boyhood. Presently hiR |ve a throb, aid the blood rec=drd I face, while for a second his hands i so that he dropped the paper, fed it up again immediately, how- 1 this was what he read :— e were great rejoicings at Coombse seat of Francis Betallick, Esq., Eeeday last, on the homecoming of fct Retalliet with his fair young [Our readers will remember the i on the ocasion of their mariorded in this paper some time e then they have been to the South e, and Italy, also across the nean to Algiers. Evidently they ht an exceedingly happy- honeyir both look well and very joyous. |g bride, especially, entered into 1 of the festivities on Wednesday, jing the shadow which fell on her fie endden and sad death of her interfere with the natural gaiety cision. We heartily wish the |>ple every blessing, and have no Bi in due time the young squire ^eit our interests in the House psas one of our county members." • Ishmael read this in a dazed, [sort of way, but presently its Vt&me; more clear to him. i maiden whom he had fondly Grace, had wedded Frank [ She had fulfilled her vow. H® t was become of her now, and a black as night had fallen upon | months, in spite of everything, sort of hope that Grace would :ome fietaliick's wife. Surely 1 confessed her love for him, |nng to him when he bade her nerer fulfil a promise made in a J mad frerzy. Not that he exit® soften in her feelings towards .e had driven her father 1i i he had a sort of feeling that be would Tefuse to link her lif_- |whom on her own confession she ve. But that was over BOW. jiat she was gay and joyou i— id forgotten all sadness, ay, n.nd ger fond vuws of love which she 0 him. ied a hard bitter laugh, like the Bid time The cold cruel look ; to his eyes, his face became 1 cynical, like it was before he | love. For a moment he almost ' : 6tep he had taken, and felt _o back to England and claim i Why should he not ? Why [false, fickle creature enjoy his jj a man for whom she bad for- But this feeling onlv i heart for a moment. No I the thought enter his mind |Ued it, for he felt that his love pas as strong as ever. He pin her happiness by going the sacrifice should be tfould be as nobody, he I the few years of his life in id solitude, and then he would n and uncared-for. he walked alone in the solitude wan farm.and alone he fought Surely it uas well for Grace ;not know, well for her that in j gladness she did not realize fat-hearted man dragged out Spy because she had discarded lit that somehow God was just, jto be happy, for she was free •pile he who had sown the ge must reap. And he was ipng a harvest that was He realized more than J was not a place, that it was ; the heart and life, and that ingland or in the solitude of Blattered not, for he carried th bim. ra'd not help loving Grace. ' Mother man's wife, and ! td aim without fair judg. j 'E could not kill his love ay, M of hi6 love, too. It was " epot in his life, it was still .. ehoae from heaven. While he was not a lost man, 'Peless %>U£h it was, , hi he was 6 darkness r"f despair r . e Thus, s s love made }4m feel a that »rli beyond, anu " _ 1 J thatin he would claim as * his£h« Rjt understand. §fter many hours o£ battling, « estne upnn him. He' knew |«ter a time a great [uiet | mto his heart. Som how, J his very despair, let Ber hope and life, him Dim yet, BJF^yand he felt that Bome- Who hga given the harvest®) F the great sweep of Eternity Mo f, 60 that he might explain to Fy.of their past pain. . Pying day he noticed how •derate Mary Eoberts - was, .^.tow anxious her father the burden of i respon- K pom his shoulders, But of that yet; fit see that the 3 course of Ms I direction. • Et iU passed away, and o months, and Ishmael fnF ia thought (.. Grace |° f .W Betefuck, but the ^mhis .heart for her was to . I enooui- .She •was auother'Bj she Was it not his duty to tan affection, iffefttinn ttnA and to i-r. drive ISM&way; from J^ mindP __ "^Mded Mary Eoberts :rts, lie ^^-at least, in that way. e W (sore and i more n. what Blinds girl this child of l^w.to,}, Jiow 3.adly she word he Cwl :e, gboold cause of his dnty to hor, he would crush the love he felt for Grace. What be might have done I know not, for he began to feel careless about happiness or sorrow. He desired to do right, but somehow, his mind was clouded and a great weight rested upon him. But his interest was slightly aroused by a message from John Fraser, asking him to come and give him some advice ; n relation to his stock. He had had very bad luck, so he said, and " his idaas " wouldn't do, and he wanted Ishmael to come, and give him a helping hand. Accordingly, one morning Ishmael started to visit John Fraser, thinking, no doubt, that that worthy had squandered his mon6y, and was in trouble generally, but never dreaming that his visit would again link his life to the sorrow of the past, and again place dread alternatives before him. Yet so it was, for " The wheels of God grind slowly, But they grind exceeding small." And so, in spite of his hopelessness, he was still led onward by a path which he knew not. CHAPTER III. LONELY VALLEY. " II thine enemy hunger, feed him ; if he thirst, give him drink."—ST. PAUL The quality of mercy is not strained 5 It droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed, It blesseth him that gives and him that takes: 'Tis mightiest in the mightiest; it becomes The thron&d; monarch better than his It is an attribute to God Himself; And earthly power doth then show likest God's When mercy seasons justice." —Merchant of Venice. " Well, Fraser, what's wrong f" " A man of honor, of principle, of con- science, of idaas, can't get on at all," replied John gravely. *' Been taken in ?" " Bought some head of cattle cheap, and they turned out to be diseased. They've all died, and my money's gone "Ah, said Ishmael wearily, tell me how you Btand in other matters.'* A faw minutes later, he understood John's position. It was not nearly as bad as he expected, but was still bad. He needed cattle greatly, and he had ne money to buy. There was no grain to sell, the time for shearing the sheep was not yet come, while to sell the sheep to buy bullocks would be a matter of robbing Peter to pay Paul. On the whole John was solvent, but he sadly needed a helping hand in the way of ready money. Do you know of any cattle for sale f " asked Ishmael. Yes; a man. has some to sell in Lonely Valley." "I'll go and have a look at them," said Fshmael; " you may get them cheap. If I see fit I'll buy some. I'll take your shepherd with me, and you must do his work." But surely I'm the man to go with you," said John, with dignity. " No," said Ishmael; " I couldn't stand your company." He went away towards Lonely Valley, taking Eraser's shepherd with him. Lonely Valley was a place worthy its name Surrounded by a range of hills, it was hidden from sight, and while one end of the valley contained good fertile land, the other was a miasmatic swamp. A more lonely place could not be found in the wilds of Australia. After some searching they found, not the farmer, bat his servant, who stated that be was empowered to sell the cattle. Ishmael did not like the look of this fellow, and he quickly discovered that the man was exceedingly anxious to mike a bargain at a price far below their valui rather than not sell the cattle at all. "Where is your mastert" he asked, presently. The man turned his finger northward. " I will go and see him." "It's no use. He waan't see nobody. He keeps out of sight, and never speaks," WhyP What's his name f " He's a queer man, he's allays looking round as though he was 'fraid. He told me I could sell the bullocks. His name is John Green." Ishmael watched the man closely, and felt convinced that something was wrong. " I'll go and see him," he repeated. "No use," said the man, kicking a stump of wood uneasily, " he waan't see you j besides, he's ill." Ill! What's the matter with him f " I duunow, and don't care. I'm not goin' to slay here. 'Tis lonely enough to make a man die of the blues. How much II 'ee give for the cows P " «' I muBt Bee your master," said Ishmael. Come, Bill," speaking to Fraser's shepherd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's house," "No," said the msn sulkily j "what's the use!" Then he garnished his language with several oaths. Without a word Ishmael drove the cattle towards the farmer's house, the man following and expostulating. When he saw that they paid no attention he turned and left them. Evidently he had been seeking to serve his own ends. After a time they came up to the farmer's house—a poor, dreary-looking shanty built of rough slabs of wood. There were no signs of life anywhere. The place do luk deserted," said the shepherd. Ishmael rapped the door of the hut with his stick, and in reply heard' a faint murmur, whereupon he entered. Lying on a low bed in the ecrner of the room he saw the form, of a man. He could not see his face, for it was turned towards the wall, but he judged him to be ill. " i heard you had some cattle for Bile," said Ishmael, "and I came over to look at them. I did not like the look of your man, ana so I thought I'd come to you. I did not know you were so ill." The man on the bed moved uneasily, and groaned. " I've been ill in bed for a week," he said, in weak-voice; "before that I could do nothing for a long while. The old woman left me, while the man has been selling everything without consulting We thought so much," said the Bhep- Jaerd, " i-hai's why we come to yon. But ibe yon 'ere all 'lone like this P Don't; no-. Ji^dy tend on you like > Who gits yer 1Bait?" • „ ...... I don t want any one,' said the sufferer. I've got a jug "X can't of water." eat, I only want . . .drink. . . . As he spoke, Ishmael B nana, trembled, and his eyes shone strangely. " Go out and keep your eye on the cattle," te said, in. a husky voice. The man obeyed, leaving Ishmael alone •with the sufferer. •. . " It surely cannot be," he muttered. " No, no j" but he went up to the sick man, and pulled away the handkerchief which had partly covered his head. He saw the face of a man, slightly past middle age, who had evidently been shamefully neglected, and was in a terrible condition.; AH this, however, did not hide the identity of : the sufferer. It was Beuben Penwithenl For a moment Iehmael was too astonished to speak.; the. man whom he thought dead was not dead »t all, and, in spite^^f everything, a great joy eame,into. Ms heart He »ot killed him I But this was only for amome^,. |teuhen Pen-: •wjthen alive- or Beuben Penwithen tfead could not avail" now, for Grace bad made her choice, she had taken her final step. _ The sufferer looked up towards lis visitor with a languid stare. Evidently the' few minutes of reason-whiph^e had possessed were Xearlr^ gope.-."" Who are you f " he said vacantly. " My God!,' exclaimed IshmaeJ.;. "It js he! it is Beuben Penwithen 1" "What is that?" said the 8>ck maa,_ f,Jes, the cove, and the uheep, and ifte young cattle, they all went away, and I am so thirsty. Oh, my poor head! Nev<>r mind, there's a good spring at the end of the house, and nobody can find me here Yes, I'm safe, I'm safe!" He was quite delirious now, and knew not who was near, while Ishmael realised that his breath was foetid and laden with disease. The young man went out into the open air, and the world seemed a changed place. Bill, the shepherd, was smoking, while the cattle quietly grazed; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minutes he realissd how things stood, Eeuheu Penwithen had not committed suicide, douhtlesi he had been afraid v®en the time had come, and, instead, had left the country becatiBe he wa» afraid of the law. He had come ta Lonely Valley Decause it wai the loneliest ani least frequented place he could find. All had gone well for a time; but, when he became ill, the servants had, no doubt, taken advantage of him, and robbed htm, and, to end ai), they had left him in hiB eickneas and sorrow. Thus the man who had blighted his lift lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and forsaken. The nearest neighbor wai many long miles away, and he waa without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his young days, had hoped would befal Beuben Penwitheg could ccsrcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged I The man's lite seemed largely in kin handi now. He bad no friend, no deliverer! Well, why should he care 1 No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had become resigned to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then ? This mau h&4 blighted, ruined bis life—let him die I If—all, if Grace's fate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrible newspaper paragraph, it might have been to hit advantage to risk his life by nursing the fcver- strickeu mau bask to health, and have taken him back home, and then to have said to Grace, '' See, I have saved your father, and have brought him back to you." But that could not be now. She was the wife of another, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Sup. pose he left him, who would know, who would caret "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a loDg time this feeling possessed him as he wandered alone among the forest glade?. Yes, he would take the shepherd back, and leave him. Perhaps he might, for decency's Bake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew of »o one who would come and nurse hm. Evidently he wai suffering from an attack of fever, the nature of which was well known aud greatly dreaded, and he was sure that even if a nurse couid be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why Bhould not this be the case ? He, Ishmael, was a soured, hopeless mau ; why eheuld he seek to nurse his enemy bacK to life, and Bead him back to his children ? " I say, boss, what are 'ee agoin' co do i It'll be dark in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouied Bill. " It'll be bright moonlight," said lihmael shortly. " True; but I wants to git back, I do," " Very well, we'll go together." " What about the baists!" 1 Let them stay." " And the sick man 1 I s'pose that sue&b; of his'll come back to nurse him " "Just so," said Ishmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards, while the cattle looked wistfully after them ; then Bill said : "Seems kind o' bad to leave 'un, don't it?" " Why t will you go and nurae him ?" " Not me. Besides, his oan man—that is —he looks as though he's got the dark fever." •' He's left him j you heard him say so. Beeidts, he'a tried to rob him." " I don' know nothin' 'bout that, but 'tisu't for me to go back and tend to 'un," Ishmael stopped suddenly, " Bill," he said," you've got the dog. You couid take those cattle back." I dessay." Then do it, and tell Fraser to send word to Mr Boberts that I shan't be back for a time. I'm going to get a nurse for him." " But, bat " " That'll do. Do at I Bay. If you can't get back to-night you can turn into Harris's place; he'll put yoa up for the night." "All right." They turned back, and a few minnteB later Bill was driving Reuben Penwithen's cattle towards John Fraser'e farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Reuben Penwithen lay. He stopped at the door aud listed. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace aud Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gam. " Grace is breaking her heart I" he cried cried, "And so iB Bertie, My poor children I Ah, they don't know, YeB, they do. They will have found out their father's a murderer. That fiend, Ishmael, will let them know. Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be t corned by everybody ; and yet I love them so. My poor Amelia's children I" " I'll do it for Grace's sake," Ishmael said. " She is another man's wife, but I love her still, I'll nurse him for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my beBt; and if not, I can tell him the truth and send him back happy. At any rate, I shall have made Grace happy—and she, oh, God help me 1" He still loathed Beuben, he still felt that all the gladness of hie life had been taken out of hiB life by thiB man; but, at any rate, he would do his best. He entered the house again, and aa he did eo, he felt the air co be full of disease. It was little he knew of nursing, but in hiB varied reading he had leamt enough to know the general course of this fever, from which, no doubt, Ban ben was suffering. After watching bim an hour, and remembering what he had said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been suffering for some time. On his own confession he had been in bed. nearly a week, while before that he had been unwell. From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fevjr gene- rally came suddenly, and revealed itself in a e&vering; fit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listless nets, loss of appetite, aud wandering painein the body. This had evidently been the case with Beuben, He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, whilo tbe teeth and lips were invested with the morbid : epithelium which had been shed. The pulee waa weak but freqseat. From - these . .symptoms he conclKdeu that the iever must nave been in the eyBtem for nine or ten days.- If that were so, the next four or five days would he most critical. A doctor had told him that death seldom oocarred. after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care must be taken. Why had he hot told Bill torus fori a doctor 1 Bnt then he reflected that doctors were not of great skill or cleverness in the bush, and might not be of eo much value. Still; he wished he had thought of it, for now" it seemed imposiible to take any steps in that direction. Ha dared not leave him, for. he knew that -patient* suffering -from thiB J disease often tried to get out of bed, and thnt if no one were near, death would be almost inevitable. Still, he hoped that in a day or two some one would come. He was glad now "that he had studied* doctors' books years ago, glad'that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. f He remembered much of what hie mother; had told him as a boy. Like most women living -in lonely neighborhoods,-she had a knowledge of the pee of -herbs, and; she had told htm, : Of the science o£ medicine,-however; he knew next to nothing, and, even -if he did, the knowledge would not have av&iled; him now, for he was far, far away from any place where drugaof any sort could be obtained. He started to work, first of all caring for the comfort of his patient, He caused the atmosphere cf t 1 " zoom to be made eweet, fj.pd then searched among the ooSCS is 411 adjoining r<J0f^ te clean clothes - Tenderly as a woman, he did all in his po^er to make the bed more pleasant on which to lie, and then he - began -to search around for Borne: thing in the way of food. He went out into the yard; but could see -nothiag suitable; He came in again and looked into the kitehen, which had ales been used ee a pantry. There was little of irotne' wince here, be fonnda f m^u b^nd> mill and some wheat. . Presently he espied a gun and a bag containing cartridges, This he immediately loaded and went out again. The evening was drawing in, bnt there was light enough for him to see a couple of birds. These he shot, aud prepared to cook them. It was strange work to Ishmael, but he managed pretty well, and in a little while had prepared a tasty dish. Beuben Penwithen was still delirious, but he took the soup Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. This over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open aic again The night had come on now, aud all was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon Bhins brightly, and the sir seemed pure; but the loneliness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from the nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally deserted. No doubt Beuben Penwithen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too, this was why his servants left him. EverythingW&B; terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he htted his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his frienl, or brother. Why waB it? fie had wanted to leave him, but could not, something forebade him. He had come back to nurse him ; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet he felt happier than he had done for a long while. Way was it? He conld not tell. He went into the hut agaia and lit a little oil lamp, and thiB could see hie patient. He murmured constantly abont Grace, and Birtie, asd Penwithen, also about the ghost of come one, who, he said, he could not recognise. And then, again, he seemed to worry about his farm, and the way his servants treated him. But he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one intensely weary. Ishmael went out again. The terrible silence of the night seemed to have a fasci nation for him, How long would it be before some one would call? Surely Bill would let FraBer know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Kiohard Boberts. In two days at latest, some one would come. He was conscious of a curious smell in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath «f wind blew, but he fancied that now ani then there waa a slight movement in the atmosphere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising from tbe swamp, He had heard of poisonous vapours coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effdei upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began, to think of the possible significance of this. When he entered again, Eeuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael detected that tbe smell had entered the room. In his anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened the 7 little casement window, and thus let in the foul smelt Ha closed it again aa quickly as possible, but made a little open ing on the other side. He knew the value ot fresh air for such a disease Presently the patient became more restful, aud ishmael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. TUB night pissed slowly away, and when the morning came Beuben showed no signs of reason. Ishmael did all in his power; but he longed with a great longing for some one to come ; but he longed in vain. The day passed without anything worth noting, so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Beubsn was always worse at night, especially was this the ease when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together, aloue. Beuben knew that he wab carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. He took no interest in him, but the young man knew that, considering all things, Beuben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old wom*n, who had acted as Beuben's housekeeper,had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more; he knew, too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not Buitable. What could he do ? For, in spite of himself, a great hungering desire came into his heart to save Beuben. He knew not why, and yet at times he felt as though he would gladly give his life for him. Why was it t Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of Grace; and yet this did not explain suffi :iently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoice when he was better? Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his recovery P Oh, if only some one would come ? Why was it that he was left alone P The truth was that Bill did not get back to FraBer with the cattle until the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned the fa?t of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news Fiaser did not communicate to Richard Boberts until two days after. When Bichacd heard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as Mary had gone away to visit the neighbors mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but grumble at Jshmael's absence, arid wonder, when, day after day, he did not come. Still, he knew that Isbmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was abundantly able to care for himlt. Thus Ishmael was left alone with Benben, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature and commonsense to help him, fought a dread disease. On the filth day Ishmael realised that Beuben was better, H» was no longer delirious, but he seemed like a child. He appeared to recognise him, but it made no impression on him. But Ishmael was not surprised at this, Perhaps, anothsr day his reason might become clear. And eo, indeed, it proved. The young man, Beeing his patient asleep in the afternoon, bad gone out for a few mimteB ; when- he came back h* saw that a great change had come about, A look o£ intelligence shone in his eyeB, and he was evidently carefully connecting events, As. Ishmatl entered, he looked up, half fearfully,half wonderingly. :, ' '• You arc Ishmael, Ishmael Pengelly I" he said excitedly; " and you have nursed me to life?" *"' ' Yes," replied Ishmael quietly. (Tq be Ccmtinwi.) 