MMEliLAHBOUS. QUEER STORY. A LATTER-DAY GALATEA SllB was tall and statueque, with a Ggnre that waa a marvel of indolent grace, and a face that might have been modelled from that of the fabled Queen of Beauty. Masses of gold-brown hair curling Boftly ovor a low Grecian brow, featurea that were faultless in tbetr chiselled regularity ; a white, trans parent skin, veined delicately like tho petal of a roBe, and groat grey oyca under straight dark brows, and very long sweeping laslio«. Absolute perfection, nothing less ; and yet it was a perfection that chilled and saddened you. She was so serene, and white, and still. .Sho was liko a snow maidon, or a marble sculpture — lovoly to tho oyo, but icy to the touch. Sho had no warmth, no glow, no tenderness. Sho looked aB Galatea might have looked before Pygmalion's ardent kisses awoke her to passionato life, and tho know ledge of a woman's soul. Men ravod about- her beauty, but hor im mobility from them, and thoy dared not approach her. When she was twonty-hvo die had never had a lover. No man had ever told her Bho was boautiful. No man had ever kissed her, or had oven touched her bond, save in tho ordinary friendly greeting. Then when Bho was twonty-five sho mot Dick Yandoteur. Fate threw him across her path, just by the merest accident, and forgot to take him away again. So he stayed. ' Dick was twenty-live, too ; a man in years, but a boy in everything else. Ho was ardent, impetuous, careless, sanguine. With all a boy's happy hopeful belief in himself and the unknown future. A boy's trusting heart, and a boy's sunny smile. . Jt was a wonderful thing, that smile of his. No ono couhl resist it. Men invariably thawed before its genial warmth, while women — well, no woman ever said ' no ' to !DinW VnndHlf'ur. Ma was not, the sort of man that women suid 'no' to, Ho alwayB Sut ono in mind of tlioso lines of Owen feredith's : — 8om0 happy souli that are that wear their nature lightly ( these rejoice The world by livlug, and receive from all men' more than what they give. One' hantllal of their buoyant chaff oxceli our hoarde of careful grain. Juetly: for one ,mau'a juyoua laugh augment. earth's joy— Is all man's gain, Scorn not the gift of gludnesa given to those bright eoula. It ie from heaven. Diok wore his nature lightly. Ho was by \- inclination and profession an artist. Ab yet \- he only stood on the lowest rung of the ladder of suocess, but he had a keen desire to olimb to the top, and he saw no roason why ;.ho should not. His vocabulary held no bucIi . word as fail. Ho bolioved in himself, and he believed in his art, and ulso in tho future. Happy Dick. Well, as I said before, fato throw him across Patricia Campbell's path, and left him there. It suited him well to bo left thore, and ho had no wish for fato to remember him, and take him away ; for he hud found Patricia the most interesting and fascinating woman — from cortain points of view — that ho had ovor met. Tho very qualities in Iter that repelled most other men attracted him. Perhaps it was tho force of contrast, perhaps ' it was an undor current of sympathy, perhaps — hut what is tho use of speculating 1 In this tangled akcin of lifo there are so mnny cross threads that, to all appearance, start nowhere and go nowhero ; so many effects to which wo can assign no cause. Patricia's beautiful, impassivo faco set him thinking, and tho second time ho Baw her ho said, in his casual way — 'I say, Miss Campbell, I want you to do something for uie, I have got a bright idea — will you help mc to csiry it outl' Patricia looked at him doubtfully. In all hor lifo no man liad coma to her for help before, and tho novelty of tho situation had impressed her. Bho did not quito know what to say. ' Help you,' she repeated in a very dubious tone. And then alio added, 'can II' ' Rather,' cried Dick. ' I should think you can — if you only will. Sho was still looking at hiin in that samo wondering wny. 'Tell mo how,' sho then said. He went a step nearer, and looked down at her with his winning smile. ' You can sit for me,' lie answered. ' And you will, won't you 1 You don't mind my asking you, do you V Patricia Campbell shook hor hend, and tho mystified expression deepened in her uncon scious eyes. ' No, I don't mind. But, why — why 1' Dick hesitated. If he had been talking to any other woman in tho whole world, he would have suid, ' bccauBo you aro the most peifectly beautiful woman I iiave over seen. Because you have a figure to send a sculptor mad, and n face like a painter's daydream; and I must paint you or die. But somo subtle instinct warned him that it would be wiser not to talk liko that to Patrioia, so ho thought for a moment. ' Well,' ho said, at last, ' tho fact is I'vo got a good thing in my mind's eyo, but I'm hard up for a mode). That's often tho way, you - know. Ideals and realities aro such awfully difforent things. But your faco is just what I want, and — and — well, you would be doing ma the greatest possible ser vice if you would sit for ma' Patricia was silent, and Dick awaited her answer with breathless impationco. He felt as if his whole futuro fate was trembling in tho balance. Presently she sighed — n long- drawn, quivering sigh, ' Are you sure,' she asked, a little wist- fully, ' quite sure, that 1 can help you J I am not used to helping people. No ono over asks me to.' Quito, quite euro,' Dick returned, with , eager emphasis, ' and you aro tho only porson who can.' ' Then I will,' said Patricia. So tho bargain was struck, and the oddly- \- , assorted pair proceeded to carry it out. He painted h< r as Galatea, and tho work \- ' , took a long time, and necessitated a great ..-..number of sittings. Dick spoiled a good many canvases, but this was his way through life, .He eaa always throwing aside bis old ..canvases, and starting on new ones. It was Patrioia displayed a patience that seemed inexhaustible, She never fidgeted, nover complained. When once Diok had posed her she wonld remain in the same position for any length .of time, and if she grew tired, or cold, or cramped, Bho kept hor secret, and he was nono tho wiser. At last the great work began to progress, and Dick spoiled no more canvases. He had got fairly under weigh, and the successful realisation of bis ideal waa only a question of timo. ' I've nover como any whoro near this bo- fore,' ho said to Patricia ono morning, ' I al ways hoped that somo day I shonld paint a picture that would mako me famous, and now I nm doing it. Thin will mako me famoua — and 1 shall owe my tamo to you. He looked at her and smiled, and the Btnilo was reflected on hor fuco. Sho bad taken to smiling more often of late. After that everything wont with remark able Bmoothness, and before very long tho last touches were put. Diok looked at' his completed work nnd sow that it was good, and his delight and enthusiasm knew nn hounds. Ho wua like a child with a now toy. Patricia stood by his sido and looked too ; but his high spirits did not infect her. Sho was gravo and thoughtful. ' Am I like that 1 ' Bho asked. Dick glanced from tho living faco at his elbow to the piotured face before him. Tho likeness was exact. Ho bad portrayed Patricia's impassivo beauty with raro and subtlo skill Tho waving glory of tho bright-hucd hair, tho straight lines of tho finely-chiselled features, the pure tints of the velvety skin, the Serena unconsciousness of the clear grey eyes — these things were rendered with a lifo-liko fidelity that was startling in its vivid realism. But beyond and abovo all this, ho bad seized upon and emphasised that which was the key-noto of her personality — the marble coldness, tho lack of womanly softness and tonderness, tho ubsonco of soul, that mado her faco so perfect a realisation of his ideal Qalatea. ' You are just like that,' he answered, with conviction. Futrioia was silent for a moment, then. ' I did not know,' she Baid slowly, and her tone made Dick wonder of what she could bo thinking. But ho did not ask. He had found long ago that asking Patricia questions was rstbsr an unsatisfactory occupation. ' Pygmalion of old fell in love with his own creation, and kissed it into life,' he cried. ' I am BUre I am not surprised, if— if ' He broke off suddenly, and Patricia turned away. Diok's eye followed her curiously. He was wonderiug if the most impetuous of lovers, tho most ardont of kisses, could have power to awake within her the pissionste loving womnn's soul, that the touch of Pygmalion's lips had once upon a time awakened within his Galatea's marble form. The picture was accopted by the all powerful Forty, and well hung, and it proved the feature of that year's Academy. Tho critics had nothing but praise for it, and the crowds of visitors who daily tluonged the rooms of Burlington House were unanimous in their verdict. Popular feeling ran so high that 'Galatea' had to be provided with a railing and a policeman. Dick Vandelur's name was made. 1 1 owe everything to you,1 ho said to Patricia,' everytbiog.' Now this was not strictly true, and the impulsive words were tho outcoiuo of a somewhat illogical reasoning, but Dick was not always logical when he was talking to n woman. That IB such a different matter from talking to a man. Patricia caught tho falso note at onco, and shook her head. 'No,' Bhe answered, 'there are many things that you don't own to me. Your talent, for instance — that is a Heaven-sent gift. If yon had never seen mo, you would still have been famous some day. I should not,' Diok returned, with con viction. ' You inspired me. What is talent .without inspiration! Then he moved a little nearer. ' Dont reason with mo ho pleaded : 1 1 don't want to be reasoned with. I like to think I owe everything to you. Let mo think it, Patricia.' Patricia did not answer ; she only flushed faintly. Considered from nn artistio point of view, that soft, slow blush was the most perfect tiling in tho world, and Dick's eyes wore all ablazo as ho lookod down on 1 hor. | ' I owo you,' he went on,' ' a dobt that ! I can nover pay off in this lifo ; tho balance will have to he carried over to the noxt lifo ' I'm afraid.' Ho psnsed for a moment ; and then put his hands ovor hers, and it lay idly on tho tablo, ' It ib not only name and fame and fortune,' he added. 'There is something else that I owo to you— some thing more precious than either.' Patricia was lost in- dream likesilenco, looking down at the band that held her own. What|a strong hand it waa, and what subtle sympathy seemed to be conveyed by its close ; clasp. , The ssnso of physical contaot with ' him thrilled him strangely. ' May I ' he asked, in a hurried tone, 1 ' como this evoning and toll you what it isf I ' Yes,' she answered. ' Then sho withdrew her hand slowly, and ' as sho did so Dick stooped dawn and kissed her. The next moment ho was gone. Patricia stood where he bad left hor, silent and motionless. Her pulses ' wore throbbing wildly, and tho blood was coursing through her veins in a torrent of liquid firo ; still outwardly she was unohanged. Then all at once a. light broke ovor her faco— a light that suffused and irradiated it with a rosy glow, a new Btrange beauty. She was transfigured. Hor lips parted, her cheeks flushed, hor eyes softened with passion and tenderness unspeakable. In that one moment she had pussod from tbo marble Bemblnnce of a woman to a woman indeed, with a woman's heart beating in hor breast, and the dawn of a woman's love Btirring her being to its utmost depths. It was tho awakoniny. The light still lingered upon her face when Diok camp back. Ho saw it as bIio turned to meet hiin, and this new marvellous beauty of hers, this glowing pulsating womanhood, instinct with passionate life, came npon him .with an aotual pnysical shook. Ho stopped sboit, gating at her sjioll-bpwnd, ' By Jove 1' ho muttered, under his breath. 'By Jove I' Then ho wont forward. 'How different you look to-night,' ho said. ' What is it T His eyes wandered ovor her as ho spoke, seeking somo reason for tho change ; but he could find nono. JHer gown was ono that lie know woll, she had not altered tho arrangoment of her hair, everything about Iter was much as usual. No ; tho obango owed nothing to outward inflnouco, it camo from within hor. Even aB Diok grasped tho fact an idea struck him suddonly : could it bo his kiss — the touch of his lips on hers — that had wrought this startling information t For a moment tho thought mado him cower guiltily ; then he dismissed it as quickly as it had como. No, it could not bo that — that was not enough. For Dick was a man and a man of tho world — no worso, but still not muoh batter, tnun niB ienow-tnen — ana no dm not tninK so very much of a kiss. If ho felt tempted to kiss a woman, ho gonorally yielded to tho temptation, just as ho yielded to other tomptations, in his lightcd-hearted, irrespon sible way. A kiss was such a littlo thing, ho always reflected whon, as sometimes happened, his conscience pricked him. What did it amount to, nftor all 1 Just tha touch of lips on other lips I Nothing moro. 'Patricia,' ho said, taking her band in his. He had taken her hand and called hor by nemo in the afternoon, and sho had not rebuked him, so ho took hor hand nnd called her by her nsrae again at night That is a man's way. Patricia looked up at him. ' Yes,' Bhe said. Dick drew his breath hard, for a moment lie could not speak. Her eyes, with that now light glowing in the depths, woro enough to set a man's very soul on tiro. He had to tight for self-control. ' I havo a confession to mnko to you,' ho went on, rather unsteadily, 1 when you hear it perhaps you will say 1 ought to have mado it before. And yot I don't know why you Bhould. It is n scorot that is only known by two peoplo in tho world besides myself. Possibly it won't interest you, but I think it will, because— wo have been such good friends. I am married. That is it. I married five years ago. I was only a boy then, with neither money nor prospects ; and God knows I had no right to persuado any woman to join her lifo to mine. But — but, wo don't always do what is right — aud she has never reproached mo, nover owen. Until now I have had no obancc of mak ing a home for her. Sho has stayed with her mother, and I havo live from hand to mouth painting pot-boilers and trusting to luck ; making most of the present and leaving tho future to tako care of itself. But now all is changed. I can mako a home for her now, and give hor all the things that she has waited so long and so patiently — and I am going to do it — I am going to do it. She's a good little thing, tho best nnd truest littlo woman in the world And Bho lias nover reproached me once.' Ho paused for a moment and passed his hand over his eyes. ' There's a child too,' ho added, in a lower tone. He looked at Patrioia with a quick and somewhat uneasy glance, but she stood quite still and silent. Sho did not oven withdraw her hand. 1 You seo now how much I owo to you,' to you ho went on hurriedly. ' Not only name fame nnd fortune, but also the power to atone to my wife for all these years of waiting ; the power to make a homo for her and the child. I can nover hopo to pay oil snob a debt.' Patricia raised tier eyes to Ills and smiled. ' There is no debt,' sho Baid, ' it is paid already. If I havo added to your happiness that is enough for me. I was not used to helping peoplo, no one over asked me for help until you came ; but I havo helped you — and lam satisfied. Dick started aB her voice fell on his ear. It was so changed that bo hardly know it. The new tcndorncBs that bad thrilled in tho soft tones was gono, leaving it dull and cold and lifeless as it had been whon first he met her. He looked at hor curiously, and saw that her faco was changing, too. The light that stilt lingered upon it was hut tho ghost of what had boon — tho fuint reflection of that mar vellous glow of warmth and pnssion that had flashed upon him with such bowildering beauty only a short timo ago. A shadow dimmed tho lovely radiancs of her eyes, hor mouth was sot in rigid inflexible lines, tho marblo coldness and hardness of tho old days were creeping over her again. Ho drew a long, deep breath, for in that moment the truth wns revealed to him, and tho vague uneasy doubts that had filled his \- mind gave place to certain knowledge. Ho ' knew now that bn liko Pygmalion of old, . had kissed his Galatea into life, and awakened ! a woman's heart within tier marble breast. Knew, too, that almost in the samo hour as that in which he' hud given hor life he had taken the precious gift away. As sho stood thoro, looking up at him, tho smile seemed to freeze on hor lips, and all at j onco tho light faded and died out of bcr face for ever. The soul was dead, and n soul knows no second birth on this side of eternity. 