TrARAtLGON RACING CLUB. President-Mr.- J. M'Lean; Vice president-Mr. 0. Marriage;, Corn. mittee-Messrs Walker, J. R. Thomas, P. P. Serjeant, Gibson, Pace, Manning, Woodyatt, Kaye, and E. Roberts. Judge-Mr. A. W. Pace; Starter MIr. T. H. Row; clerk of scales-Mr. Geo. Hitchcock; clerk of course-Mr. F. M'Kinnell, junr; Treasurer-Mr. J. iR. M'Cleery; Secretary-Mr. L. M. Bell. The annual meeting of the above club took place on Friday last, and proved one of the most successful gatherings held under the auspices of the club, the amount taken at the gates being greater than any previous year. The weather though cloudy and close, was very fair up till five o'clock, when a light drizzling rain fell for about an hour, which did little harm, and had the effect of laying the dust. The entries for each event were very numerous and though in some instances the pen was used freely in order to scratch horses, still good fields faced the starter. The committee and stewards worked well, and were ably assisted by the secretary, Mr. L. M. Bell, who was courteous" to all. The only hitch that occurred during the day was through some one interfering with the posts where the ponies and galloways were to be measured. This caused considerable delay, as a measur ing rule had to be obtained and the pony race did not come off till more than an hour after the time named on the card. This had the effect of throw ing all tl.e other races out, it being past six o'clock before the last event was run. Messrs Lillingston and Manning had the task of measuring, and did their work well; in fact the ponies Shamrock, Gladstone and Bees wing were rejected in the first pony race, as being over the standard, much to the disgust and indignation of a number who had a sure thing in Sham rock. -We might here add that before next meeting the committee should purchase a moveable standard, and then there wou'd be no trouble; the ponies should also be measured at least an hour before the race so as to prevent all con fusion. The programme, as usual, opened with the Hurdle Race, for which four horses weighed out, four being scratched and Darriman not putting in an appearance. The race lay between Ada and Cinedrella, Lottery running off, and Kilmany not having the ghost of a show. Ada won easily. Dolly was favourite for the pony race, once Shamrock was thrown out,and the mare did not disappoint her backers. There was a large field for the Trial Stakes, and Allegro was installed favourite. The horse, however changed riders at the starting post, and the conduct of the rider was reported to the stewards, who reprimanded him. The General won all the way, Drane's Lucy making a good second. The Galloway Handicap was thought a sure thing by many for. Revenge, but Geraldine made the pace a cracker, and woin by a length. A good deal of trouble was experienced in getting the Marquis to start, as the stirrup broke, then the bridle, and also the saddle girth. Ormonde was thought by some good enough to make the race an exciting one, but Idalia seemed the only horse who could keep ahead of Marquis. This le did till the turn past the stand the first time round when the jockey's saddle slipped, and Idalia ran off. After this the Marquis gall 'ped ahead and won by several lengths. The trot was a poor affiir, Moratta, who started at scratch, being never headed, and evidently could have given some of the others a few yards. The manner in which Maid of the Hills perforwed, did not satisfy some of tha stewards who enquired into the matter in the evening. For the pony handicap no less than 13 faced the starter, who had :onsiderable difficulty in getting them away, owing to the anxiety of the jocks to get a start. The winner turned up in Concertina, who defeated Rebecca. There was a great muster of bookies, but evidently most of them had a bad time, for the public backers could in variably spot the winners. When Marquis won, one bookmaker could not pay and those who had betted with him were glad to get their money back. After the trot, there was a regular chase after one bookmaker, who cleared, but was caught, and had to stump up. In the afternoon the Tariff Commission, accompanied iy IMr. . C. Mason M.L.A., visitedl the ground, and viewed the racing till the rain came on. Mrs. Taylor, who had both the publican's and refreshment booths, seemed to do a fair business, and the lunch she provided for the stewards reflected credit upon her. - There were no acci dents to mar the day's sport, and with the exception of the delay mentioned above, everything passed off satis factorily, and the thanks of the com mitte are due to Mr. Lillingston, who performed a most unpleasant duty in measuring the ponies, and who despite all comments adhered rigidly to what he considered right. In :lls hle was ably assisted by Mlr. Mant;ing. Sub joined are details of the racinmg. UInDLE P Race, Of 7 sors., about 1~ miles. Sweepstake of 5s togo to second horse. J. M. Porter's b m Ada, 6 yrs, Hlst ,Spittal) .;. ... . ... 1 G. Pruden's g m Cinderella, aged, Oat \- 71b (WVhite) ... .. 2 J. C. Buchanan's br g Kilmany, aged, - list 71b .. ... .. ... 3 Betting-G to 4 on the field, even money Cinderella. A good start was effected, Cinderella at once going to the front, with Ada lying close on her quarters, Lottery coming next, and Kilmany a long way behind. This order was maintained the first time round, till the hurdle past the stand, where Lottery ran off, and was pulled ul,. A good race then ensued between Ada and Cinderella, buit the old grey had not pace enough, and though jumping well was beaten by a coupile of lengths. Kilmany was a long way behind. Pov RA]CE, Of 4 soes.; about half.a-mile. For ponies 13.2 and under. J. O'Hara's b m Dolly, 4 yrs (Cahill) 1 J. Wickham's blk m Numea, 3 yrs (Williamsl ... ... ... 2 W. Marastin's b m Jessie, Syrs (Downie) 3 Daisy, Oudia and Little Hero were the other starters. Betting-Even money on the field, 3 to 1 Jessie. The flag fell to a fairstart, Little Hero, although with the inside running. hangt ing on the post Dolly was first to show in front, the others close up. As they roudeld into the straight the ponies were all in a bunch. Dolly still leading, ansd they fiished in she order above, Dolly wianis.g by several lengths. Time, 57sees. TRIAL STAKES, Of 5 sors.; about three-quarters of a mile. Weight for age. A. G. Chester's g E General, 5 yrs, 8st 101b (J. Curtain) ... . 1 Jas. Drane's b m Lucy, aged, 8st 121b (B. M'Alister) . ... 2 T. Shanahan's b m LittloBetsey, aged 8st 12lh (D. Davis) .. ... 3 Bettin.--6 to 4 Allegro, 3 to 1 General or Lucy Thirteen horses weighed out, but owing -to the tactics of the rider of Allegro, some difficulty was experienced in starting. General was first away, Allegro being left at the post. General led throughout, and won easily. The rider of Allegro was re primanded by the stewards. Time, lmin. 2lsecs. . GALLOWAY HANDICAr, Of 4 sors; about five furlongs. - For gal loways or ponies 14.2 hands and under. .J. Wicklam's ch m Geraldine, 6 yrs, Ost (Curtain)- .... .. . 1 P. Dunbar's br m Revenge,'5 yrs, 8st (Downie) ... 2 H. Wilkinson's b f Sylvia, late Ferrell, 7st 7lb 3 Betting-2 to 1 Geraldine, 4 to 1 Polly or Latrobe, 10 to 1 Rebecca. Geraldine was first away, followed by Polly and Latrobe. The pace from the start was a regular cracker, and though Revenge made a big effort near the dis tance post, Geraldine could not be over hauled, and won by a length. Time, lmin. Osec. TaaAr.oos HANDICAP, Of 10 sors.; about 11 miles. Sweepstakes of 5s to be paid by starters, to go to second horse. Whittaker's Bros. b g Marquis, aged, 7st 71b (Ray) ... ... 1 J. Walsh's br g Ormonde, fged, Ost (. M'Alister) ... ... ... 2 E. J., Fouler's blk m Minerva, aged,8st . 41b (D. Rhoden).... ... 3 Betting-2 to 1 bar 1, 3 to 1 La Pluie, 4 to l:Idalia, 5 to 1 Minerva. Idalia jumped away on the fall of the flag, 'Marquis lying next, the others close up. In this order the stand was passed, Marquis being hard held.. Rounding the turn past the stand, Idalia ran off, through the jockey's saddle slipping iound, and Marquis at once assumed the' lead, which he kept to the finish, winning by several lengths. Time, 2min. 21see. HANDICAP TROT, Of 5 soas.; about 1 miles. Weight, list; to be ridden. J. Wickham's b g Moratta, aged, scr. (Cdrtain) ... ... ... 1 S. Butters' b g Order Boy, 6 yrs or aged, 200 yds behind ... G. Pruden's br m Maid of the Hills, aged, 100 yds behind ... ... 3 Ruby, Comet, Sultan and Gay Lass also started. Betting-3 to I Order Boy, 6 to 1 Comet, 8 to 1 Ruby. Moratta led from start to finish, and won as he liked. Maid of the Hills came up during the second round, but fell back, and Order Boy easily passed the Maid. A protest was entered but withdrawn, and the stewards decided to enquire into the manner in which Maid of the Hills ran. PONr HANDICAP RACE. Of 4 soys. About half a-mile. For ponies 14 hands and under. C. Robinson's br m Concertina, 3 yrs (Curtain) ... ... .. 1 J. Cullen's b m Rebecca, 6 yrs (Carey) 2 W. Coleman's b ns Chatterbox, 4 yrs (Semmens) ... ......... 3 Betting-v3 to 1 Concertina, 5 to 1 Shamrock, evens Rebecca. Aftera number of false starts the field were sent away on pretty even terms, Concertina having a slight lead. which she maintained throughout and won by a about a length. Time 57 sees. 