DIFFERENT DANCES. Just ^dancing is now A great art, BO H was in bygone ages-; it is as old as singing, and singing is as old as the human race. Probably tbe first dance was a pantomimic representation of the events of daily life. In the western plains of India, many of the tribes have buffalo danees which are described thus:— One of the dancers has the head and horns of the animal, while the others pretend they are hunters and ehase him with much enthusiasm. The natives of Australia have a kangaroo dance, in which the hunting is carried out as faithfully as the space allowed for the dance will permit. In Siam, there is an elephant dance, and in this there is a hunt and an elephant fight —two men on their bands and knees representing the elephant, and they fight as much like these animals as possible. In Siberia, the fire dance, and tbe ostrich dance of Africa, are pastimes of the same kind. The most remarkable of all these dances is the tiger dance of India. There is a tiger festival once a year, and the strongest native is selected to play the part of the king of animals. He is painted all over to represent a tiger, and he creeps about on all fours while a number of Indians, representing hunters, go through the farce of beating the jungle, pretending not to see him. At last the beast is roused, and springs upon one of tbo hunters, pretending to kill him; he is then captured by the rest of the men who have felled him to the earth by their dats, and they place him in chains and lead him away in triumph. American Indiansgoin for war dances,and a very popular oneis the Siouz, representing the attack on a village at dead at night, and a great massacre of the sleeping inhabitants. Only a few years ago, the horse-stealing dance of the Cheyennes was kept up. In the motion of the dancers was portrayed, the village going out to the camp and seizing the horses and then riding away, with angry dogs and shouting savages following in swarms infuriated at their loss., The first sign of trouble in the Christian part of European Turkey is the war dance breaking out, and this !B looked upon in the Ottoman Empire with as much suspicion as the ghost danoe of the Sioux. :. There is really a wild pantocaine in the war dance of the Christians of Albania, Montenegro, and Herzegovioa. A man is armed to the teeth, and he makes wild leaps and furious gestures, and waves his sword, and every now and again utters shrill cries_and sings a strange song about his great desire to kill the TnrkB. At religious ceremonies, dancing in old times formed a very important part. The Greeks were the most famous of the ancient dancers. They had 200 different dances, and they imagined that in the dance anything could bt> represented which might happen. Dancing was considered a medium of expression, and it was used in. religious and all kinds of civic ceremonies. Before soldiers marched to war they danced; there were dances at festivals of the'gods, at weddings, funerals, and feasts.. At -a funeral the dance would take the shape of a pantomime, one dancer wearing a mask to represent the deceased, and caricature him for the amusement of the crowd. There were many beautiful and graceful dances among the Greeks, besides these I have mentioned. A curious feature of old dancing was that men and women never danced together.. The oldest dance of the East is the nautch, which is said to be that which captivated Herod, when performed by Salome, the beautiful daughter of Herodias. The sword dance of Scotland Is one of. the best illustrations of the remains of a warlike cuBtom. As a rule the Scotoh dances are not graceful,' when compared with those of the south ; bat as a military dance, no nation has anything to compare with the danoe of the sword. 