Ooming' of Our Lord, ic'Address :l)yAfe.p7ells. On Sunday bvoniug an Inslraotivo and in- toresthig address was delivered in tho Protestant Hali,,Aun stroet. Tho; looturor;; after oponing with' prayer, dvow iittontiou to a Jowish core- mony named tho, Octavo, pointing out that in somo pui'ts of tlio Christian church this obser- vance is kopt, tlio ohjoot of .wliioh.was to medi tate upon certain evouts of importanco from u different point of viow than tho taking phtco of tho ovonts tliomsolvos, a looking forward to their futuro application and fulfilment, us, for iustuncb, -that great ovont which nil OliristlHn peoplo h aye commomoratod, namely, the resur rection of onr Lord and Saviour, Jqaus Ohrlstj in thb octavo .of. which' we meditate upon tho complotion und fulfilmont of that nut wlion all sliall riso ngain and come forth. And wo look to that future event, the day of. tho ro- surreotioiij when Ho shall como forth again in His own person, aud it shall again be said, " Then work tho disoiples glad wlion thoy saw the Lord." In the Aotsiof the Apostles wo havo nn account given -us of tho nsoonsion of our Lord into liouvoti, and 'tho disoiples wore comforted jjy tlio words of two angels who said, " "Why stand gazing up into heaven, this samo Jesus whom yo havo seen go into heaven shall so como . in liko manner ns yo have sobu Him go- into heaveii." Thoy did -not say, He Bhould ' como iri the sumo place, hut in the' samo manner. And while it is quite true thoro is a -text whiolisays " His foot shall stand at that day. upoa tlio Mount of Olives," yot tlio angels did not refer to that. Onr Lord, speaking to His disoiples beforo His ascension raid, "I go to prepare a plnco for you, and if I go I will como again and receive you to Myself." It is sometimes said that the coming of tho Lord will he tho time whon nil difloroncos in tlio ohuroh will bo set right. 'Phut Ho will do something in tho ohuroh similar to that- wliioh -Ha did.- in tho tomplo at Jorusnlom, whou Ho ejeotod those who mado His Father's house, which is tho house of prayer, into a honso of merchandise. Now He docs not como to introduce soius ecclesi astical reform, Ho does not come to put right the differences in tho church, hut to reooiyo His peoplo to Himself. Whonevor and whore- over tho coming of tho Lord is apokon-of in Holy Scriptnro, it is spoken of us a personal, practicable, visible thing ; uo reference is mado to a spiritual feeling which unyouo may fool,, but tho coining again of a man, tho. liinu Christ Jesus, according to His promise, I will oonio again mid x'eceivo you to myself. We are told in Scriptnro thut Ho will comeuguiu with ton thonnund of His saints to execute judgment. Not necessarily punishment, but to give decision, and uotiuo tlmt He comes to do this with ton UionsuudB of His saints. Wlion, howovor, Ho fulfils His promise to His disciples — namely, to recelvo them to Himself, Ho does not come und receive them to Himself on tho fuea of this earth, but an tho apostlo Ftinliu his first opistlo to tho Tliossalenituis tolls us, Tlio doud iu Christ 'shall rlso first, then wo -which' nro ulivo and remain shall togothor with than ho caught up in tho clouds to meet tlio Lord in tho air. Concerning this mutter, Scriptnro tenoli'os us two things — liumcly, tlio coming of the Lord in the return in person of tho man Christ Jesus, and tho purpose of His coming is to rcoeivc His peoplo to Himself, not to get us ready,; not to prepare us for that groat ovont, and the placo' appointed for His meeting them is in -tho olopds, in the air. Tho question thou is, How aro wo to bo prepared for tho Lord's' coming. He will not rooelvo those who uro unprepared. In tho whioli our Lord spuko of a marriugo feast thero was found present a man who had not on a wedding garment the consequence of whioh was that the man was ejeotod. Now there could bo no oxcuse tor this neglect for providing himself with this wedding garment. It was not a question of oxpenso in making snoli a provision, for the custom of tlio oountry was that tho host made this provision for ull his guests. It was rather uu act of not coinplj'ing, with tho order and rules of tho host by whom ho was invited. So in liko manner tho Lord makes provision for His people. Ho proparos them by His servants whom Ho appoints to that end ; setting over thorn ministers who should minister spiritual things. Peter writing to tho ohuroh says, Tlio ciders whioh aro umong you I exhort, who am also an elder. Feed tho nock of God which is among yon, taking the oversight tlieroof. Paul ulso, in his opistlo to tho Colossinns, speaking of tlio mystery hid from previous gouorations,' hut now mudo munifost to tho saints, which mystery ho goes on to say is Christ in you, tho liopo of glory, Whom we preach, warning ovcry man, nnd teaching cvory miin in all wisdom, thut wo may present every man porfeot in Christ Jesus. And again inlua opistlo to tho Hebrews, lie says, Obey them that havo tlio rule over you, und submit yourselves, for thoy wutch for your souls us they that must give account, that thoy may do it with joy and not with grief. Wo soe then how propiiration is carried on hoforoluind, so that we may bo ready at His coming, so that wo inay moot Him iu tho air, and so bo 'ever with Him. It is unnecessary tu rofor iii detail to church history. It lias its uso and its place, and it is' uu interesting study to trnoe tlio riso mid progress ot any locul ohuroh, as for instance, the church in Ephesus. Wo find Paul passing through that city makes converts of a few man. Then wo see him calling the oldors of tho church there and giving them a charge, und lntor on wo seo the sumo eliuroh under an angel, or bishop Timothy, to whom he writes two letters, and who isnddrcssedin tho book of theRovelntion as the augol of tlio churoh iu Ephesus. Wo all know how that unity of love, thut fullness of ministry, that abiding in tho npostlo's doctrine and fellowship, &c.; ;' how those outward cir cumstances luivo been marred. Christian moii still cling to their unity with Christ and look for His coming ligaiii, aud in tho words of tlio prophet sigli uud cry for tho ubominatious which aro wrought iu tho ohuroh, tho body uf Christ. Wo call ourselves 1 by liundrocu of names, mid iu homo oases look upon our brcthrou in Christ with onvy und hatred be cause they bolohg to what wo call other denoiuiuutions. And beoauso wo havo erased to manifest tho fripts of tho Spirit, lovo, joy, pence, long- siiiforing, &u.;, tho licroiu work of faithful missionaries to tho heathen hear vory little fruit. Hoiithon mon read thoir Bibles and say if this bo tho Word of God then wo cannot seo among you Christian peoplo any pattern of what your Bible says tho household of God should be. And, brethren, is it not so? It is a re in linkable fnet in the history of tho nineteenth contury thut thero lias beou raised a voioe which lias spread throughout all Christendom— namely, tho coming of tho Lord druwotli nigh." In this very oity, ulmost ut ovory street corner, the cry is hoard, and it docs not striko men as boing a strango thing. Tho Propliot Malachl tolls us thut before the Lord's coming Ho will sond His messcngor io pronuro lliu way bofaro Him. Now, in tho ordinury everydny affairs of men, when unyouo is re turning homo thoy sond word beforehand, whon) thoy mny bo expected. When Uio Govornor iir other men of ltoto visit any eity word is sent on boforo that lneumnv bo prepared to recoivo 'tliein und so on. How muuli moro then is it uocessury thut word should bo sent boforo tho coming of tho Sou of God ; aud pnrtioidurly when Scripture says Ho will send llis messenger to proporo Ilis way beforo Him. It is said, und said truly, that tlio Old Testament Scriptures woro spoken to Israel, but our Lord iu tlio days of His flesh showed 'His peoplo from Moses, tho realms, aud nil tlio prophets, tho things concerning Hirnsolf, and. the upostle Potor suys. tlio Propliots of old Benreficd diligently what and wliat manlier of timo tho Splint of Christ that was in- them did signifjr- whon - He testified 'beforehand- tlio eufforings of -Christ, and tho glory that should follow. To whom it was rovoaled thut not uutu .themselves did they iijinisfer 'ho things whioh nro now re ported unto you by thora thut havo proiiohod tlio gospel unto you with tho Holy Ghost sent down from houvcu. .Therefore tho Scriptures of tho Old Testament aro givon to us ns well iib to tho Jews, and uro the Word of God to the 'Christian church. Tlio pmphooy by Mahiohi has its referoneo und' application to John tlio Baptist, 'who was God's messenger wmt'to prepmo tlio wnv of the coming of , tho Lord in humility. And I would linvq. you 'uoticotlmt ivhilo John was preaching on the hanks of 'Jordan, 'seeking to briug men buck to repentance, . und 'proclaiming thuf tho kingdom ot lionvon' was at hand, wliilb doiiig 'this, ono ;dny ' tuviiing rouud'ho sees u mini coining toward liuii', to wlioiiv - ho", points i r exclaiming; Behold , thb Lamb of. God. .Ho is. hero. Ho is; among vou. Iu ; tlio purahlo of tho sower, our Loid, luVHif explanation , says Tho siied, isthe Word of 'God. The field is tlio world. - Tho, ircnjicrs nro thoungols. ' Tho liayvest tho j ond iff .the world or ugh.. . Whatever may bo' tho application of tho -words of Mnlitohi tb Johii i tno ;Bjiptlst; '.wo lmve the. Word of the Lord that Ho-.will sbnd.His.angols, His messangers, not, to bring, about a great reform, but to pre pare tho way before Him, to prepare a peoplo whom Ho ban recoivo to himself. Has tlio Son . of Mun over yot serit forthHis messengers? Wb kuonr thut Ho personally 'sent forth dlovou mon aiid 'gave them eommissioii nnd authority ; Ho did this after His rcsiivreotioin Ho said uuto thom ns My Father hath sent Mo bvon so 1 sond I youl; whatover blessing God tho Father gave in tlio Son thut sanio blessing in nil its fulness gnyo Ho to tlieso olovon men. He silid furthor, recoivo yo the Holy Ghost, not bo yo received by tlio Holy Ghost, but recoivo y o tlio Holy. Ghost. Whosoever sins yo remit they are remitted unto them, and whosooror sins ye retain thoy uro retained. ' A marvellous commission. Tho authority tho Father hiid givon Him Ho giivo thorn, sanding them forthwith His own autho rity. Later oq ah addition is mudo to their number.' Paul, iu his epistle to tho Galatians suys: Paul an apostlo not of man, neither by man, but by 'JosuH Christ and God tho Fathor. Ho received not his commission through or by .any man, but direotly from Josus Christ und God tho Father. Every minister in the cliurdh is administer of God. But how comes ho to havo authority to lninlbtor. Horcceivosit through ordination, through man, differing from that uf Paul, for Ho says not of man nor by mun, hut by Jesus Christ' and God tho Father, who raised Himfrom tho dead. From tho Father through the Son. Such were tlio Lord's messengers in the beginning. Evory minister in the bogiuning received his authority from tho apostles, after being called to thb ministry by the Holy Ghost. Paul writes to Timothy at Ephesus and . soys this chiirgo — that is tho charge of tho church at Ephesus — "I commit unto thee son Timothy, acoording to the propheoies that went before on Thee." Wo read also of tlio apostles authorising at least two bishops to ordain others to the ministry ns thoy had need, and this authority has been handed down from tliom to us living nt the present time. But to none other hus tho Lord personally, given commis sion, and sent forth immediately from Himself, oxccjpt.His apostles. But at tho cud of tho ago. wo uro told that tho Soil of Man shall send forth His angels. After tho transfiguration upon tho mount His disoiples said to our Lord, " Why say the scribes thut Elius shall first come?" Thoy hud. soon tlio glory of God bursting through the veil of His flesh. They hull si on the cloiul und heard tho voioo from I-Iottvou saying, "This is My beloved Son, hear Him." And naturally tho question arises, Why say the scribes that Elias shall flrst como f Hero wus tho Messiah, they had uo doubt about that.. But where was Elius? Tlievliiidnot seen liiui. .Our Lord replied, "Elius sliuU truly first come and restore all things. But Elius huth already como und they li-ivo dune unto him whatsoovcr they listed." 1'h en under stood thoy that ho spako unto them of John tlio Baptist. John was culled John by tlio command of God, und onr Lord refers to him as Elias. Wo reiul very-little of John, except that ho was in the wilderness, preaching repentance,, that his raiment was of camel's liair und lie woro a belt. Ho gave oortuiii counsel to Uio Pharisees, suhlicrs, &c.;, and afterwards wus behoaded. Yot tlio testimony of tlio Lord concerning him was that lie was tho greatest man up to that time ; thut ho was a prophet uiid morc.tlian a propliot. Never theless, raid Ho,' tlio least in tho kingdom of heaven is greater than lie. When wo read of Mosos, the prophet by whom God gave tho law, tho way iu whioh he was brought up iu Pharaoh's ' palace, tho mighty judgments brought upon Egypt through tho refusal of Pharaoh to let Israel go at his command, tho puuishmont of Israol for dis- obcdioncoandrebellion against him, saying that ho took too much upon himself uud so forth, and compare it with John, of whom it is said Ho did no miracle, and roinombcr the Lord's testimony concerning him, wo are forcibly re minded that. God sees not as mun seos. When God calls men to repentance for a brokon law, Ho sends forth one with equal authority to tho ono by whom IIo gave tlio law. How other wise could Ho, preach repcntiiiioo ? Nono can do this but ono of equal authority to tho ono by whom the law was given. Wlionovor God culled His backsliding X>coplo Israol to repentance Ho rulsod up u propliot. Iu the beginning of this dispensation the Lord gave commission to His apostles tu baptise, to administer tho Lord's supper, to teach ull nations and so forth. And ut tho end of tlio ago or dispensation He has sent forth His apostles with equal authority to call to re pentance nnd to propuro tlio way boforo Him. Wn with, our. divisions, our parties and sects, are wo ready to faco tho Lord, nre wo prepared by tlio operation of ull tho means of grace, uro wo so filled with tho prcsoneo of tho glory of God within us, uro wo prepared for His coming again f Is there uo unity to bo restored ? Where are tho apostles, prophets, evangelists, mid pastors, which Ho gnvo to His ohuroh? Whoro tlio gifts of tlio Holy Ghost, proplieoy, tongues, healing, und so on? Where tho evidence of that testimony of love, whioh heathen men, while ousting Christians among wild animals to bo'by thorn torn in pieces, woro bound to admit and notice ? Wo said thut tho most reniarkablo thing in this nineteenth century was tho raising of tiio cry, Behold tho coming of tho Lord ilraweth nigh. If you euro to turn up your old nowspapcrs and periodicals about the dato of tho early thirties, you will find that oertain men, clergyman, and layman of all dciioffiinutioqs assembled together to pray to God to restore His ordinances, and send forth again the Lord. Scripture says, "Ask and ye shall receive; seek and and ye shall find." Tlieso men asked, uud our testimony is tlmt from ninoug them that cry first went forth, and it wus taken up first by ono and thon iiuothor until it ftfiTt tvnlr lu> flitul fn.rl»r Sf tiHn mirkfrntrlnm. and men havo become indifferent to it, saying, Yes, wo ' know ail about it. It was not so' thon, for ' it whs only necessary to insert a small advertisement in a newspaper und mon flocked in thousands to hear this now thing — this strange doctrine. Tiio apostles of the Lord havo como forth und said, Ccaso from your parties mid scuta ; ccnso from considering your political influences. Como out of tho houses cnllcd by your own names, your own countries, und come into tlio house of God. Is this a timo for you to dwoll in houses of coder while tho liouso of God iietli in ruins? Let ovory man that nuniotli tho name of Christ, depurt from iniquity. Tlio coming of tho Lorn draweth nigh. That testimony hath spread throughout Glirintoudum, and it may bo, as iu the caso of John, that whilo tho servants whom Ho huth sent forth to docree that testimony are iu tho very uot of fulfilling tlicir mission' that tho Lord Hirnsolf will uppear mid tuko them to Himself. The next four Sunday evenings, in tho samo hall, at 7.39, tho ovmigelist purposes to mention othor facts in order to testity to tlio work God is doing in these our days. Tlio mooting closed with tho'singinguf the uoxolugy and prayer. 