1 II Oil COFFIB. i A ICTOR’S SI ' (cesesetB+x.) 1 l 1 f UMkeuu and 1, aoooapiiuM by tbe poBoe-oonstable and the coroner’s man, fol lowed the hearers of the coffin to the znor ^*Aa we were going there, I turned to ask Mackenzie how his patient was. He shook his head as he answered me. “ I fear the worst,” he replied. “ Mrs Heathoote is very ill indeed. The fever rages high and is like a consuming fire. Her tern peratnre was a hundred and five this morn x should recommend paoking her in sheets wrong out of cold water,” I answered. “Poor woman !—how do yon account for this sudden illness, Mackenzie r” He shrugged his shoulders. “ Shook of some sort,” he answered. Then he continued : “If she really knew of this day's work, it would kill her off pretty quekly. Poor soul,” he added, “ I hope it may never reaoh her ears." We had now reached the mortnary. The men who bad home the coffin on their shoulders lowered it on to a pair of trestles. They then took tumscrews out of their pookete, and in a business-like and gallons manner unscrewed the lid. After doing this they left the mortnary, closing the door behind. The moment we found ourselves alone, I said a word to the police constable, and then going quickly np to the coffin, lifted the lid. Under ordinar y circumstances, such a pro ceeding wonld be followed by appalling results, which need not here be described. Mackenzie, whose face was very white, stood wear me. I looked at him for a moment, and then flung aside the pall which was meant to conceal the face of the dead. • ’ The dead truly !'; Here was death, which had never, in any sense, known life like ours. Mackenzie uttered a loud exclamation. The oonetable and the coroner's man came close. I lifted a bag of flonr out of tho coffin ! • There were many similar bags there. It had been olosely paoked, and evidently with a •visw to counterfeit the exact weight oi the dead man. Poor Mackenzie was absolutely speechless. The oorouer’s man began to tako copious aotee; the policB-oonstablo gravely did the Mackenzie at last found his tongue. “ I never felt more stunned in my life,” ho said. “ In very truth, I all but saw the man die. Where is he! In tho name of Heaven, what has become of him i This is the most monstrous thing I have ever heard of in the whole oonrse of my life, and—and 1 attended the funeral of those * oags ot ilour!’ No wonder that woman never oared to see me inside the house again. Gut what puzzles me,” he continued, “ is the motive—what can the motive be 2” “Perhaps one of the insurance companies can tell ns that,” said the police- officer. “It is my duty to report this thing, sir,” he con tinned, turning to me. “I have not tbe least doubt that the Crown will prosecute.” “I cannot at all preventyour taking what steps you think proper,” I replied, “only pray understand that the poor lady who 1b the principal perpetrator in this fraud lies at the present moment at death’s door.” “We must get the man himself,” mur mured the police officer. “If he is alive we shall soon find him.” Half an hour later Mackenzie and I had left the dismal cemetery. I had to hurry baok to Harley street to attend to some important duties, but I arranged to meet Mackenzie that evening at the Heathcotea house. I need not say that my thoughts were much ocoupied with Mrs Heathoote and her miserable story. What a life that wretched .Heathoote most have led during the last six months. No wonder he looked oadaverous as the moonlight fell over his gannt figure. No ghost truly was he, but a man of like flesh and blood to ourselves—a man who was supposed to be buried in Keueal Green, but who yet walked the earth. It was about eight o’clook when 1 reached the Heathcotea’ house. Mackenzie had al ready arrived—he came into the hall to meet “Where is Miss’Gabrielle2" I asked at , “ Poor child,” he replied; “ I have begged pTlur to stay in her room.,_She, knows ___ _inking fast. Will you come to her at onoe, Halifax—she has asked for you several times.” Accompanied by Mackenzie, I mounted the stairs and entered the siok room. One glanoe at the patient’s face showed me all too plainly that I was in the chamber of death. Mrs Heathoote lay perfectly motionless. Her bright hair, still the hair of quite a young woman, was flang back over the pillow. Her pale face was wet with perspiration. Her eyes, solemn, dark, and awful iu expression, turned and fixed themselves on me as I approached the bedside. Something like the ghost of a smile quivered round her lips. She made an effort to stretch out a shadowy hand to grasp mine. “Don’t stir,” I said to her. “Perhaps yon want to say something. I will stoop down to listen to you. I have very good hearing, so you can speak as low as you please.” She smiled again with a sort of pleasure at my understanding her. “ I have something to confess,” she said, in a hollow whisper. “Send the nurse and— and Dr Maokenzio out of the room. ” I was obliged to explain the dying i woman’s wishes to my brother physician. He i called to the nurse to follow him, and they immediately left the room. i As soon as they had done so I bent ray head and took one of Mrs Heathcote’s hands in mine. “ Now,” X said, “ take comfort. Ged can forgive sin. You have sinned ?” , Oh, yes, yes ; but how can you possibly •‘Never -mind. I am a trood judge of r character. If telling me will relieve your ( conscience, speak,” , “ My husband is alive,” she mnrmnred. “ Yes,” I said, “ 1 guessed as much.” - “ He had insured his life,” she continued, ” for—for about fifteen thousand pounds. 1 The money was wanted to—to save us from 1 dishonor. We managed to counterfeit— 3 She stopped, as if unable to proceed any . farther. “A week a go,” she continued, “I—I saw the man who is supnosed to be dead. He ’ is really dying now. The Btrain of knowing ’ that I could do nothing for him—nothing ] to comfort his last moments—was too horrible. I felt that I could not live without him. On 1 the day of my illness I took—poison, a pre paration of Indian hemp. ,1 meant to kill ; myself. I did not know that my object would bo effected in so terrible a manner.” Here she looked towards the door, A great change came over her face. Her eyes .shone with sndden brightness. A look of awfnl joy filled them. She made a frantic effort to raise herself in bed. I followed the direction of her eyes, and then, indeed, a startled exclamation passed Gabrielle, with her cheeks erimson, her lips tremulous, her hair tossed wildly about her head and shoulders, was advancing into the zoom, leading a oadaverous, ghastly-looking man by the hand. In other words, Heith cote himself in the flesh had come into his wife's dying chamber. “ Oh, Horace !” she exclaimed ; “ Horace —to die in your arms—to know that you will Boon join me. This is too much bliss—this is t*o gTeat joy!” The man knelt by her, pnt his dying arms round her, and laid her head on his worn hraast. “ We will leave them together,” I said to Gabrielle. . I took the poor little girl’s hand and led her from the room. She was in a frantio state of excitement. •“I said he was not dead,” she repeated—“I always said it. I was sitting by my window afew minutes ago, and I saw him in the garden. This time I was determined that be ' afcoald not escajpe me. I rushed downstairs. He knew nothing until he saw me at his side. I caught his hand in mine. It was hot and 1 thin. It was like a skeleton’s Land—only it : burned with living fire. * Mother ifl dym ooaa to her at onoe,’ I said to him, attfi then I brought him into the house.11 f “ Ten did wall—you noted very bravely, X replied to her. I took her away to a distant part of the An hour late**, Mr%Heathcote died. I was not with her when she breathed her last. My one object uow waa to do what I could for poor little Gabcielle. In consequence, therefore, I made arrangements to have an interview with Heathcote. It was no longer possible for the wretched man to remain in hiding. His own hours were plainly numbered, and it waa more than evident that he had only anticipated hi1* real death by some months. I bsw him the next day, and he told me in a few briei words the story of his suppoeed death and burial. “I am being severely punished now,” he said, “for the one great sin of my life. I wn a solicitor by profession, and when a young man was tempted to appropriate some trust funds—hoping, like many another had done beforo me, to replace the money before the loss-waa discovered. I married, and had a happy home. My wife and I were devotedly attached to each other. I was not strong, and more than one physician told me that I was threatened with a serious pulmonary affection. About eight montbB ago the bio* which I never looked for fell. I need not enter into particulars. Suffice it to say that I waa expected to deliver over LI2,000, the amount of certain truBtscommitted tome, to their rightful owners within three months’ time. If I failed to realise this money, im prisonment, dishonor, ruin, would be mine^ My wife and child would also be reduced to beggary. 1 had effected an insurance on my life for fifteen thousand. pounds. If this sum could be realised, it would cover the deficit in the trust, and also leave a small overplus for the use of my wife and daughter. I knew that my dayft.weTC practically numbered, and it did not strike me as a particularly heinous crime to fore stall my death by a few months. I talked the matter over with my wife, and at last got her to consent to help me. We managed everything cleverly, and not a soul suspected the fraud which was praotieed on the world. Onr old servantfl who had lived with us for years, were sent away on a holiday. We had no servant in the hou^e except a oharwoman, who ourae in for a certain number of hours “You managed your supposed dying condition with great skill,” I answered. “That hemorrhage, the ghastly expression of your face, were sufficiently roal to deceive even a keen and clever man like Mackenzie. Heatbcote smiled grimly. “ After all,” he said, **tbe fraud was simple enough. I took an emetic, which I knew would produce the cadaverous hue of approaching death, and the supposed hemorrhage waa managed with some bullock’s blood. I got it from a distant butcher, telUnir him that I wanted it to mix with meal to feed my dogs “ And how did you deceive the under taker’s men ?” I asked. “My wife insisted on keeping my^ face oovered, and I managed to simulate rigidity. As to the necessary coldnesB, I was cold enough lying with only a Bheet over me. After I was placed in the coffin mv wife would not allow anyone to enier the room but herself; she brought me food, of course. Wo bored holes, too, in the coffin lid. Still, I shall never forget the awful five minutes during which I waB Boreweddown. “ It waB all managed with great expedition. As soon as over the undertaker’s men could be got out of the way, my wife unf-orewed the coffin and released me. We then filled it with bays of flour, which we had already Becured and hidden for the purpose My nuppoeed funeral took place with due honors, I left the house that night, intending to ship to America. Had I done this, the appalling consequences which have now ended in the death of my wife might never havo taken place, but at the eleventh hour, my courage failed me. I could do much to shield ray wife and child, but I could not endure the thought of never seeing them agaiu. Con trary to all my wife’s entreaties, I inebted on coming into the garden, for the selfish pleasure of catching even a glimpse of Gab rielle’s little figure, as she moved about her bedroom. She saw me once, but I escaped through the ehrubbery and by a door which we kept on purpose unlooked, before, ahe .. reached .mejljL^bnYgh*,^ temptation andT^fe.-^ nut proof against it. I was really dying, and on clfe tnorning when my wife’s illness began, had suffered from a genuine and very sharp attack of hemorrhage. She found me in the wretched lodging where I was hiding in a state of complete misery, and almost destitution. Something in my appearance seemed suddeuly to make her lose all self-control. “ 1 Horace,’ ehe exclaimed, * I cannot stand this. When yon die, 1 will die. We will carry our shame and our sorrow and our unhappy love into the grave, where no man can follow us. When you die, I will die. Oh, to see you like this drives me mad !’ “ She left me. She told me when 1 saw her during those laBt few moments yesterday, that she had hastened her end by a powerful dose of Indian hemp. That is the story. I know that I have laid myeelf open to criminal pro secution of the gravest character, but 1 do not think I shall live to go through it.” Heathcote was right. He passed away that evening quite quietly iu his ele«p. Poor little Oabrielle ! I saw her once since her parents’ death, but it is now a couple of years since I have heard anything about her. Will she ever get over the severe shock to which she was subjected ? What does the future hold in store for her ? I can not answer these questions. Time alone can do that.—“Strand Magazine.” 