' SARA'S SHAWL. JOSAS PEAT VU born stingy ; he hid his sweetmeats frem his little brother when he was-'a child, and smoked his cigars v alone when he was a younj? man. r By the time he was 40, Jonas Pray was .:\ a rich man, though he lirai as plainly as : «Ter, and somehow about that age the " tenderest feeling he had ever known crept into his heart. He fell In love with a buxom, good-tempered young woman ?atafcd Sara Woolwich, and offered himself to her. He was not an ill looking man, and when he chose could make bimsalf agreeable. Swa liked him and accepted hun. Jonat meant to be liberal to her at first, but after a brief honeymoon of happiness his old habita resumed their sway, and, at last, the second winter cf their married ? life coming on, Sara found that all her y»nia»ka about her shabby summer hat had no effsct whatever, and she might walt a long while without having such a tiling as a comfortable cloak suggested to her. She had been a poor girl, and had . no trousseau to speak of, and sha found lt necessary to put her pride in her pocket and ask for what she needed. :.- It ia hard enough fer a wife to do that. ; bot to be refused was something she had not calculated on. ' , She knew her husband had a large ? hanking account-there was no reason . why she should not dress as well as any , lady In the land. But when she had said playfully, Jonas, shall I buy myself . some winter things to day I I need a . shawl dreadfully," he had answered,411 ; thought yon were too sensible a woman . to ran after the fa-Mona, Sara. I'm sure .yon have very decent things that you might waar a long while yet" , . ** That shows how mach men knows," Bara answered, determined to be pleasant and not to show that she was hart. " Yea \- would not like your wife to look shabby, Jonasr "Well, no," said Jonas: "no, but ; really, Sara, money ia so scarce just now Don't yon think yon might mike what yon have do a little longer." t.- " How much, tangar ?" she asked, quietly. " Oh, I don't know," said. Jonas. ** I had an aunt who left me something when the died who wore the same shawl and bonnet sixteen years and boasted of it too 1" , - Hts wife looked at him and said nothing. " Economy la a great thing, Sara," said r Jonas, uneasily. ' " It would be dreadful «odiehi the workhouse, yon know; and \-- yon don't care for other people's admira ' tion, do yon. Sara, when yon know you Jona* likes yon aa well in your well saved clothes 1 We won't call them shabby, Sara, only weft-caved " \- -*¡ Call them what yon please, Jonas," ?aid Sara. "They merit both epithets." . She sat quietly with her banda folded on tba table before her for awhile. Her tem- per was rising faa» but she had sense enough to crush it down. A miser is the victim of a vice that \- - natters him ju*t as a drunkard ia. Jouai wat ashamed cf himself even as he spoke, and she knew lt. Aa she looked at him a Bule while grief came instead of anger. Thara was so much that was good about Jonas. It waa terrible to see this cankei ' creeping over lt ; to see the p:nched linet about his meath, tho strange, anxioui look in his eyes. Poor Sara remembered stogies she had read of misers ; how~they starved them- selves while they counted th»-ir gold ; hom tome of them died in the dark to savt candles, and how, through a long Hines*, one of the wealthiest of these men refused to have a pillow brought for him, or sven a little saucepan hi which to heat his Krridge. Would Jonas grow to ba ai d as these t How could she tell. One« v or twice of late he had fraud fault with the amount of butter used, and maaned over his butcher's bill. Bat men gene- rally did something of that sort, she had heard ; and men knew nothing shoal drees. She arose softTy and went ont of thc room, and brought back her bonnet anc shawl and put them on the table befon him . .*Jonas, dear," she said, "I don't : want you to think me unreasonable ; Tool at these, see how shabby they are. Thej were nice when we were married, bul they; were cheap, very cheap-chea¡ things fade so. I have made everything I had do for two years. I did not like t< \- ask. I have not sp-nt one penny oi yourmonry 'pr clothes. Toa know yoi n gave me two pairs of gloves daring om honeymoon-lhave them stEÎ " "What a good, careful girl," saic Jonas, caressing her dark hai-, as sh« . came and sat on a taw stool beside him. " Yes, I have been carefnL It is mj nature to be careful," said Sara. "Fei " rich men's wives would have done st muck- Now look at these things, mi dear." 3 Jones tasked There came a tim« afterwards when it seemed to him thai the faded tint of that shawl, its ding] palm leaves 'of yellow brown, and th« wilted flo -rem and shabby ribbon of th« bonnet had been seared hito his brain Ht> looked at thpm lons; and licgeringiy lie knew his wife was reasonable, anc that the things were, and long had beer urifit for her ts wear. Bat bis monej tagged at his heart-strings .-Suppose you wear them oca wrsrei mora Sara," he said ; ** Jnst one " "The shaw! is very thia," the said " I shall catch cold acaiDr as I did las -win^r." " - **Poor girl," ha said softly, and Tookee toward the desk where his cheque,bool Isy. _ But the grip of the fiend that ralei a mÍ3or'a soul nipped him sorely as hi did so. , ' - -The momentary impulse vanished. . Bedd33, a thought occurred to him.: . " They wear c!?th jicfeets a good deal. Sara, don't they ?" he safd. **Oh ! they are very fashionable,' * repUel his wife. " They couldn't nnke one -of that ole billûrà-cloth *hat is in the trunk-room 1 he said. 41 My poor mother bought it ii an aneri cn She meta*, to use it for s coverlet; but it's1 a ve^y pretty-green, don't you think, Sara, and such a ni« material. \- There ia a limit to women's patience thia suggestion measured Sara's She started to har feot, and, gathering nj her bonnet and shawl, walked out of thc room. After sha had gone, Jo aas reailj looked at his cheque book, and for al least two minutes contemplated drawins a large cheque and telling hw wife he hac been teasing her. But he could not brinj . himself to do it ? , v After awhi?e bis wife looked into the room wi** her old bonnet on, md her shawl »boat her Shoulder;», and said . ** Jona% I'm going to spend the day with ray siater-in-hw, but I shall be home before dianer-time " "I hope you'll enjoy yourself, my df ar " »aid Jonas 'Ha saw ht r eyes wera heavy mth weeping, and he looked away, . aabtmed cf himself Then he betook himself to his office, where he ground out his money, and dur- ing the day compromised with1 himself. He would do no extravagant thing, but when he went heme he would give his wife what was necessary. ' He went home earlier than usual that .vening to moke what amends his soul would consent to, and as he walked biiskly along, being light upon his feet yet-for who ever heard of a miser grow- ing fat? -he thought that he would never again- bring tears to those good, kind eyes. Never, never, again 1 never again ind then -what was that crowd? What bad happened t P«cpl« war« coming hi« way, looking backward «a they came. Men, boy«, women, little children, all the riff-raff that accident, or quarrel, or an arrest will collect in the streets ; and now he was in the midst of the throng and close to four policemen, who, with set faces, marched in time, bearirg between j them a stretcher on which lay a haman I form It was covered- covered with a ! shawl. Jonas looked. Oh, 3e*veo, he knew the pattern of that shawl ! Only a few hoars before, its dingy palms leaves of yellow brown; its faded fripge. Ita shibby brown centre had sprsad before him. It was his wife's shawl. "Stop-stop-stop!" ha crfed. "Let me see her 1" "Doyou know herí" asked the police man . " Let me see her face," said Jonas growing so faint thai a kindly man hard by suprwted him hy the arm. " You'd not know her face ; » telegraph pole fell on har ; it'* crashed out' of all shape." slid the policeman. " But shawls are alike. Keep up your courage. I don't think this is any relation of yours ; she's too shabby Look at her shoes, see here, this is her bonnet. Yon don't don't know »hat ?" lia held up a bonnet. It was crushed and soaked with blood ; but Jonas knew is. The streaked purple ribbon, and a flower amongst che other flowers that had lost half its pestais He had fingered it as it lay on the table beside him. "Yee, I know ill" he cried. "It's Sara t It's my wife's!" ; Then he pulled away the shawl from the crushed fica, and fainted sutright. But as his senses left him he heard some on« say '* His wife 1 why, I thought she was a beggar !" And another answerer1 "Like enough ; they call him » miser I know him, Bis name is Jonas Pray." They carried th« poor wom»n home to Jonas Prsy's old house, htlpiug bim tu follow ss he esme to himself. She waa laid upon her bed, and there was a coroner's inquest, and the women prepared her body for burial, talkin«: amongst themselves of the shame it was she, a rich man's wife, should be so clad ; and then there was a pause, and he might be alone with her it he would. Before the time came he had had a cati called and went ont in lt. He was driver to » large dry gooda establishment, where ha asked to see th« mansger, and wa; shown to bia office. Th« manager found him there, a pah miserable object, trembling and .faint, ai on« in a deep illness. He was' shabby tao. He has come to beg thought tm manager; and his "What can I do foi you T' was curt. But Jonas cared nothing for anyonsj manner now. He answered sadly :- j " I want to buy a shawl." " A salesman will attend to yon," sir said th« manager. ' " No," said Jonas ; " I am too ill, tex broken to talk to the salesmen I cai trust yon. I want th« costliest shawl yoi have." " A madman !" thought the manager. " Our costliest ia 500 dollars," said hs repressing a smile. " Have it prit np for me." asid Jonas. " Certainly mad !" said th« gentlemai to himself. Bat Jonas had drawn a cheque frot his breast, and wiib trembling bane? ws filling up the blanks. The manager aximined them carefully "Mr. Jonas Pray," he said, mor respectfully. Then it flashed upon hit that he ¡tad read of a fatal accident to thi man's wife that: morning. It was a strang proceeding altogether. Secretly he call» other* to look at his customer One kne' ' him - financially it waa alright ** And the rest is none of our burines?, said the mansger, as he saw the bundle c splendor carried downstairs after Joan Pray. " They spoke of him as a miser i the p^per. That's & pretty parchase for miser.!' v MeanwbPe, Jonas drova h:>me. U .tweet face sained a greeting. Within, » was hushed. Carrying the shawl undc his arm he went upstairs to the darkens room, where, under straight folds of whit drapery, seemed to li« the sorrow of ti house. A watcher sat there. He sei h»*r away. Then alone In the roora, li knelt down upon the floor beside til coffin. *« Sara." he said. *'Sara, can yon hei me ? I love yon. Sara ; but I wai such mfcer-such a miser ! Fve boaght you shawl st last. Oh, Sara I Sara ! I've pal as much as I could for it, my dear. Y«1 shall be wrapped in it in year coffii Iii pat it shoat yon myself. Sara Sara !" x He spread out the costly folds ; 1 lifted it in his hands. A . moment moi he would have folded it about the dei form in the coffin,' but at that instant voice cried "Ob Jonas! Jena«, dear! Oh. tr. poor Jonas ! My poor, poor Joass !" And, turning, he saw his wife, either) the spirit or the flc-h, standing hehir him. His knees trembl-. d under bim. £ crieJ ont to Heaven to help him ; but tl figure came closer. It wa* no ghost, bi a living woman. She took him in hi arms. "Ob, how ill yon look," sh« ssl " Did you rea:Iy love me so ? And ie all my fault. I went to my sister-in-law' and there in a pet- oh ! 1 «aa so angr Jonis -1 gave away my drees, my shan and my bonnet to a bigger woman-at vowed to sit in oca of my sis .or's dressii gowns nc til yea gave me decent cloth to come home in. And the poor worn« -who was tipsy, ioo, my dear -w killed two honra afterwards, and I nev knew that «he hat1, been taken for h i until this morning. Oh ! such a dir era .ture, my dear, the papers de? cri hi her. And for a little .while. I was gb you hsd a fright," but I'm sorry now was.",. ? w: "Foran instant he picked up the cost shawl and wrapped it about her, and tot her, folded in it like a mummy, to t .hea.'t again. "The miser ia dead," he Paid. " B Jonas Pray will show his wife how he ci cher lah hen." He did : and if ever afterwards Sa detected symptoms of a relapse, i ahe had to do was to wrap herself in h wonderful shawl. The sight of it inevi ably recalled the moment when he lenrni how little after sll ia the value of raone »nd realised in agony af soul that " sh' n a n»n give all the substance of his hon for love it would be utterly condemned He m*y indeed love his money ye but he knows that he loves his Sa more.-Exchange. , 