MISS MAEY KINGSLET. HER AUSTRALIAN VISIT. 3 he Career of the Actress. Her First Appearance— Barry Sulli van's Company— List of her Part3. Miss Mary Kingsley, an actress who is favorably known on Australian boards, haB been affording the readers of the Era a sketoh of her career:— " Miss Kingsley, it appearB, has no tra ditional associations with tho stage. Her father was an Italian, but her mother ie English, and has not thwarted the desires of her daughters as, one after another, they have chosen the vocation of tbo stage. Alias Alary Kingsioy - supposes that tho first desire of an interviewer will be to hear all about her first appearance, and so sho has procured a witness thereof, in the ehapo of a photograph — the picture of a tiny girl in a charity frock. The ufibut took place under friendly aus pices — iu fact, in the Theatre Royal, back drawing-room, of the residence of MiBS Kingsley's family, at Putney. After re- licuied experiences of amatour theatricals, Miss Kingsley was placed under the tuition of that past mistress of the actors' art Mrs. Stirling, aud iu due course made her first ap pearance ou the stage proper, at the Prince's, which hu3 iu the meantime become the Prince of Wales's Theatre, Coventry-street, in tiie spring of 1SSG. The play then tenta tively produced was entitled 'Speculation,' aud was from tho pen ot Air. William Sapto, jnn., a near relation by marriage of AiiBs Kingsley. Then, for a abort period, the young actress was a member of Air. Richard Dougluss's coinpuny, at tho Stan dard Theatre, whore what iB sometimes called the aquatic, aud sometimes the 'tank,' drama engaged a liberal share of the managerial attention. " But Alias Kingsley may bo said to have plungod into the vortex of theatrical life when she joiued tho Shakesperiau company of Mr. Walter Bentiey. The engagement was of rather brief duration, but it was full of incident. For iuatancc Miss Kings- ley was called upon suddonly, and to her complete consternation, to play Lady Mac beth. At rehearsals tbe manager with affec ted desperation, declared that tho actress approached this awful character with abso lute flippancy. Aliss Kingsley reassured him— it was merely her nervous way. She would be all right "on the night," as they say in the Pantomime Rehearsal. So she was. In fact, the success of her Lady Macbeth on this occasion was destined to procure her eventually a most interesting and important engagement us an exponent of Shakespeare's heroines. Meantime, during the succeeding sum mer Aliss Kingsley was occupiod in supporting that erratic genius, J. K. Enunett, whom a syndicate of provincial managers had engaged to uuderuko a tour of the larger towns and cities. In Septem ber, 1886, Miss Kingsley joined Barry Snllivan, then nearing the end of his distinguished career. Barry Sullivan was already tending towards the sad illness that slowly terminated iu his death in 1891 ; but he retained his strong hold upon tho affection of the pro vincial playgoer. He bravely struggled through this tour, and through yet another iu the spring of 1887. Judeed, the subse quent rest brought him back- to such an apparent state of vigor that arrangements tvere practically completed for a tour during 1888-9 ; and his company loyally held them selves at the disposal of their chief till it became clear they would not bo noecied, Barry Sullivan's illness sometimes played him cruel tricks upun tho stage during the last days of his career, and caused him occa sionally to seem irritable. But Miss Kings- ley spea'kB of the old actor in terms of wurm admiration and regard. Of course the edu cational experience of Boveral mouths in such un engagement was of immeuiie value to the ambitious young artist. "No doubt it was tho distinction of hav ing shared 'leading business' with Barry Sullivan that commended Aliss Kingsioy to Alessrs. Howard and Wyndham, of Edin burgh, who, in 18S8, secured her services for ono of their elaborate productions of a Scott drama, A tour with 1 Human Nature,' under the direction of Sir Augustus Harris, was anauspicieus introduction tomolodrama. But Aliss Kingsley is more than a little proud of her next engagement. It is an honorable cnsioin of the authorities at Straiford-on-Avon to commemorate Shakes peare's birthday by the production of, for choice, ono of his lesscr-kuown plays. In 1S89 'Henry VI.' was selected; and Aliss Kingsley was cast for Joan of Arc. This is what might bo called a heavy part ; tor poor Joan must needs wear a weight of armor that she finds vastiy embarrassing. She has also to engage in a broadsword combat with an opponent who is of the stronger Bex, and ho is upt, in the ardor of tho fight, to develop more siroogth than he need. Aliss Kingsley diligently acquired the art of the broadsword in the uulicroic retreat of a Stratford-on-Avon " back garden," and comported herself ou tho stage as bravely as she might. But, returning lo town with her mother, the day after the performance, she fell fast asleep in the train through sheer ex haustion. Nodding his head with . sym pathy towards the weary girl, a country man, who happened to bo a fellow-traveller, remarked to Aliss Kingsley's mother, by way, no doubt, of pleasantly contrasting the romance and the reality of the stage, ' I reckon there be-ant far to look for Joan of Arc this morning, ma'am.' "Daring the next year, 1S90, Aliss Kings- ley appeared a good deal in London, but without the opportunity of distinguishing herself— at any rate, according to her de sire. Sho played Alary Egbrton in "Fools- mate ' al Toole's. She fulfilled a short en gagement at tho Avenue ; appeared at the Comedy under Air. Hawtrey's management in 'The Barrister' and iu "The Bailiff'; and at the Lyric played Crousa iu Mr. Buchanaq's production of ' The Bride of Love.' Then came a gratifying offer from A_lr. Williamson to visit Australia. Aliss Kingsioy confesses thai she was divided between the desire to travel and a filial reluctance to leave homo. But at length everything was pleasantly arranged ; and Miss Kingsioy spent the greater part of 1892 in Ausiraiia, where she appeared notably as Ethel Kingston in 'The English 'Rose;' as Nancy Blenkarn, in 'The Middleman'; as Fuchsia Leach, in ' Moths'; and as Kate Merrywother, in ' The Idler.' Air. Haddon Chambers's piece happenod to be produced in Australia just a little eariier than in England, so that tho participants iu the Au8traiian periormance can ' claim, actually, to form tho original , cast. During a part of her stay in Aus tralia Aliss Kingsley was, by mutual arrangement, associated with Mr. Charles Cartwrighc and Miss Olga Nethcrsole. Like most. English artists who have visited Aus tralia, Miss Kingsley waxes eloquent iu tho praise of Australian hospitality and appre ciation of public entertainers. Curiously enough, she happened also to encounter some old aud dear personal friends, so that altogether her visit was perfectly delight ful. On her return to England, Miss Kingsley's first engagement was to appoar in 'The Idler' again pa tour, but this tiino in tho character of Lady Harding. Durinethe summer of 1893 sho was again engagod in the congenial task of interpreting a heroine of Shakespeare — Viola, to wit — with Mr. Bon Groev's company. Iler most recent ap- pearances have been in Loudon, but have been disappointing by reason of their brief duration. Miss Kingsley was a member of the aompany'engaged for the production of that tantalising pibco ' Aire. Othello,' and then sho appeared iu ' Sunset,' at the Opera Coraiquc. Shu is perfcotly ana- mored of hor part in this pathotio iriilo : but, alas, 'Unalo'a Ghost,' to which 'Sunset' =T 1 " was by way of k supplement, did not long occupy the stage, and so Miss Kingsley takes to the provinces onco more, although she does not conceal .from you the fact that her heart's desire is the opportunity of re« vealing herself to a London audience in. % ' roally.good part of tho emotional quality No doubt this will' come in due course of time. And buoyant youth can afford to wait." 