^ Soles and Comments. bs Royal Blend. The Victorian Railway Commis sioners hope to reduce working expenses by £100,000. Fourteen weeks were occupied in tlie shearing at Dooncli, in the St. George district, about 160,000 sheep being put through by 32 shearers. The best man on this station was John Dow, who disposed of 205 and 201 sheep on two consecutive days. A Brisbane paper says that when Mat Reid entered Parliament eighteen months since his hair was quite black; now it is plentifully streaked with grey, the result of hard study and long hours. Another session like the last will probably leave him bald headed. They are poking fun at Mr. Bat tersby, M.L.A., now. They are saying thathe had been in Parliament for seven years, and only made bis maiden speech during the week the session ended. This effort pleased him so much that he made half-a- dozen more speeches the same evening, Victoria, consumes about fifty mil lion cigarettes a year; New South Wales, ninety million ; and' New Zealand about forty millions, all made from tobacco imported from America. And yet there are faddists who declare that the dainty cigarette is a monstrous engine of destruction, ten times more poisonous than a pipe or a cigar. Commenting on the Coombe-Martin perjury sentences the if. ji. Herald saj's:— This attempt to use the processes of justice to put the innocent in the place of the guilty, and to accomplish it by systematic and deliber ate perjury, is perhaps the worst crime yet committed in these colonies in the supposed ► interest of unionism. "Wheat will yet become Australia's staple product, if it is not supplanted by rabbit exportation, and where it used to be chronicled that heavy loads of wool came in, it is now wheat. At Tamworth there recently arrived 97 bags of wheat, not bales of wool, each aver aging 245lbs, (nearly ten tons), all on one waggon drawn by 20 bullocks, Down at Adelaide the citizens don't belie\e in the electric light, or else are afraid that it lights up all the odd corners and dark places, so loved by young people, too much, for when a poll was taken as to whether gas was to bo superseded by the electric light, gas won easily, lias often makes darkness more visible a "short distance from the lamp, but there is no hiding from the electric light. According to the returns laid before the New South Wales Parliament (re marks tiie Week) the retrenchment Civil Ser vice dismissals have, like the Chinese army, been good oil paper. The figures given show that there are more Civil Servants now than ever:—440 officers were dismissed, of whom 68 were reinstated, and 1569 new officers were taken on. They are boring for coal at St. Hilda, near Melbourne, and are down 2079ft. without indications. The spirits have prophe sied coal will be found there and a lady be liever is finding most of the money. If the boring is continued much further they will reach the " old gentleman*" coal supply (we are already stealing his water), and this is pro bably the supply of fuel the spirits meant— they ought to know. Hard luck attended the shipment of horses to India by the steamer Clitus, bad weather causing a loss of 64 head. If these had been purchased on the liarcoo at £7 per head, this would mean a dead loss of £448, to say nothing of cost of keep and passage. The breeders would want to sell the remainder of the shipment for something like £47 per head to enable them to come out clear when mis fortunes like that on the Clitus occur. A well-known and old resident of Orange (probably he was also genial, although lie wasn't to his wife) named Patrick Kenna died the other day leaving property to the value of £36,000. The noteworthy incident in connection with this is the cruel way in which he treated his wife, who w»b his third. The bulk of the property is bequeathed to his children. To his wife he left £100 in his will, but in a codicil subsequently he reduced that Amount to £10. A fortnight ago I had an item re ferring to Messrs. Bushell & Co.'b tea, and noted a curious difference in the labels. The firm now take the trouble to write explaining this. They say that the words " one for the pot" and " none for the pot" were quite cor rect. The tea that did not require any to be allowed for the pot was of a higher grade than the other, of which it was necessary to use one 6poonful. It can thus be Been that what had tlie appearance of a mistake is very simple •when explained. The difference between the words speculation and peculation is not very great —only the initial letter. Like two brothers, the words are very closely related, and very often peculation follows very soon behind eculation. It is merely the absence of the ial letter in speculation that transforms It the other word; likewise the whdle word e initial proceedkig that leads to pectt Take away the letter "b" and yoti • indulge in speculation and then you *"■ 'ina peculation. One of the occupants of Little Bay Leper lazaretto is a very wealthy squatter, says a Towers paper. He declares lie would willingly change places with the poorest of his stockmen. The canning factories are using up great quantities of what is looked upon as a ] deadly plague that is going to ruin Australia. At Camperdown alone, during the season just ended, about 150,000 pairs of rabbits have been tinned, and several more factories are at work. The rabbits appear to be bringing money and employment to Australia and its people instead of causing a wholesale loss of money and work. There will yet be money made out of the bathurst burr in these parts, but I cannot hint in what way, except by cutters. There recently arrived in Cool gardie a mob of 108 camels (I suppose mob will do; but we talk of a mob of horses, a drove of cattle, a flock of sheep, &c.;). These were in charge of Mr. V. Green and 12 Afghans, all Australian bred, and started from Bourke, in New South Wales. They travelled overland a distance of 2600 miles, the time occupied in doing this great distance being ninety-seven days. The animals are amongst the best that ever went to Western Australia, and arrived in splendid condition. They were taken there for purposes of sale and for carrying. A large landowner in tlie West of England, who has always been one of the best and most generous of landlords, was ap proached by a tenant with tiie usual story. The tenant had a lease of about 60 acres at a rental of 17s. per acre, and he declared that he must have a reduction. " It is good land," said the landlord, '• and I can do witii it myself. I tell you what I will do. You shall be the landlord, and I will be the tenant. I will give you a pound an acre for it for the remainder of your lease." The tenant refused the offered terms. At Warrah station, in the Moree district of New South Wales, Chinese shearers struck because two non-unionist white men were put on, and the latter had to lie dis charged before work could be resumed. I don't suppose the Chinese were members of the shearers' union, but imagine it was just a little dodge on the part of the Chinamen to get into favor with the unionists, so that when affairs are again working smoothly with unionists and non-unionists, the Chinese will be tolerated and allowed to shear, too. I wonder what they have been SBy ing in Brisbane about what the good folks of BarcaUline intend doing on Christmas Day ? when such a well-known physician as Dr. Kcndle intends coming up here from the metropolis, and not only arrives on Christmas Day, out announces thai; he wiii he available for consultation on that and a few luliajving days. No doubt some of us will be very uh well for the " few following days," but noth ing very serious. Could the iiiisbane people have heard of that turtle, and arranged for l)r. Hendle to come up and assist Dr. Symes in taking charge of us ? The news received by cable that complaints have been made that the shearing by inachineiy causes an uneven cutting and a curling of the wool, which in the combing results in serious loss, is rather unpleasaut for those stations that have laid down extensive plants, for there might be a prejudice started against machine-shorn wool that will take some time to overcome. Even after improve ments have been made in the machinery to prevent the cause of complaint, hand-shorn wool might be carefully purchased in the markets at the highest prices while the other was neglected. This is one for the shearers, wlio do not love the machines. A patriotic Roma resident is con cerned about the shabby appearance of the town, and Christmas time approaching, too, when something should be done to make the place look nice and smart. He therefore writes to the press about the shortcomings of tlie Municipal Council in their economical saving of paint, especially as regards the town hall. The writer says that some of the Coun cillors make a great fuss over an unregistered nanny goat, or the shortcomings of the inspec tor of nuisances, and sometimes by accident they do something that is useful. He advo cates the resurrection of the paint pots and a liberal use of the contents. The other day at Longreach a genial and well-known resident decided to dis pose of his waggon and team of genial bul locks. The genial auctioneer got together a large and genial crowd of probable purchasers, and so expended his eloquence that one genial townsman purchased the lot at a high figure. The genial correspondent of the Champion for got to send this item. I must apologise for using the word " genial" so often; but it is the fashion of amateur journalism at Long reach to refer to nearly everybody, from the bellman to the business man with the biggest advertisement, as " genial," and if I did not do the same the people may not like it. An interesting item, or a word of warning, whichever they choose, to married men who smoke while nursing their youngest, or in the room where the baby happens to be: —A writer points out that he did these tilings habitually, and with the result that his infant began to experience loss of appetite, listless ways, and restless nights, while it frequently vomited, apparently without any substantial cause whatever. The little one's life was despaired of, and then the doctor discovered the cause. Thoughtlessness of this description j probably accounts for a great deal of sickness amongst tiny children, tor it is not to be won-; | dered at that their constitutions should be ex i tremely sensitive to the effects of a habit that i 1 at first upsets much older folk. " That's a fine building," remarked a stranger to a townsman, while passing the new Court House at—never mind. " Yes, it is," was tlie reply; " I was fined 20s. and costs tbcre myself on the day following last Boxing Day." There was not much brotherly love shown in a case heard in the Brisbane District Court the other day, in which two German residents of Beenleigh, brothers, went to law. One sued the other for alleged slander and claimed £200 damages, and the same parties, coupled with the defendant's wife, appeared in a similar action in which a like amount of damages was claimed. An application for an adjournment failed; the cases were dis missed ; and the lawyers smiled and pocketed i their fees. Some months ago I noted that there was a desire in Gympie to form a female lodge of Oddfellows. The idea appears to be gaining ground in the old country, but an appropriate name has yet to bo invented, andOddgirls,Oddmaids,Oadladies,Oddwomen, leave much to be desired. The British United Order of Oddfellows is reported to have de cided at their annual legislative council to establish lodges composed exclusively of fe males over sixteen and under thirty years of age. Of course this is an excellent opportunity for the cheap wits, but the Oddfellows are right to encourage their female friends to make provision in ease of sickness. Co-operative aid societies have yet to be properly developed among women, and this is a step in the right direction. We hare often read in fiction about a man having occasion to go into a strong room, when the doors close upon him, and he has a very bad time and nearly gives up the ghost before being rescued or released. But something similar has occurred in real life, down at Grafton, where two clerks in the survey office were accidentally shut into a small strong room in the office, and had an unpleasant experience. The door had slammed after they went in, and became iainbed, and could not be opened for a considerable time. Air was forced in through the key-hole to pre vent the prisoners from being smothered, but at last it was found necessary to make a hole in the wall to give enough air. When the strong-room was at length opened the men were found quite exhausted, one having fainted. The silver lining which is supposed to be possessed by ev«ry cloud, appears to be becoming visible to a few who have better eyesight than the majority of us, in the cloud which has overcast Queensland so long. One of these keen-sighted colonists writes that umnistakcable signs of a general mend in the colony are becoming evident. The improve ment'iu the Customs—that most delicate index in the purchasing power of tiie people—is marked enough to warrant most sanguine anti cipations. Added to which may be mentioned sreal estate is now readily saleable in many ' ptaceo, where for the last two years it has beeii a drug in the market. Queensland is blest above the other colonics, inasmuch as during | the whole of the direful time of depression, her gold and sugar districts continued in the hey-nay of prosperity. A large crowd of boys went Barcaldino railway station on bataiuay to meet the morning goods train from Longreach, with the expectation of meeting the juveniles that wore supposed to come down and try their skill in the cricket lield with the liar caldinc school boys, and were all ready to (live some hearty cheers for them. Mrs. Mcliride, also, had exerted herself in her usual kind and energetic manner to provide a splendid spread for the visitors. But, alas, the cheers wero choked off just as they were going to break out, for not a solitary head was seen at the carriage windows, and it was soon found the boys of the Thompson were still up there. The disappointed cricketers declared their expected opponents were afraid to come, and one wanted to know why, if the juveniles were so afraid of a licking, the Longreach people did not 6end the men ? A nice comfortable business, upon which strikes, the low price of wool, tottering banks, and hard times generally has no cffcet, is that possessed by a man named Duncan, who is sole proprietor of "Duncan's Lone Hand" mine, Wandiligong, Victoria. For the last four or five years his profits have averaged over £1000 monthly, and in October he smelted over 700ozs. The expenses of working are microscopic; the trucks run from the mine to the battery, which is mainly worked by water from the hill springs. The modest Duncan lives with his family in a pretty cottage on the hill-slope close by. For over.20 years previous to his striking it rich in Wandiligong, the now opulent mineowner prospected on every gold field in Australia with very poor luck, and when he took out the Lone Hand lease ho hadn't enough money of his own to cover the small expenses. He has refused several tempt ing offers for his property. The following little story comes from Rockhamptpn :—A man employed by a selector a few miles out of town was sent into town with a cart-load of produce, and he was instructed to call at the telegraph office on his return and ask for a tew telegram forms. When lie went into the office he asked one of the clerks if lie would let him have a few tele graph forms for his master, whereupon the clerk handed him about a dozen papers. The carter not having seen any of the forms before, and thinking his master meant wood forms, turned to the clerk and said:—" Go on wid yer; I'll give yer something that'll show yer I'm not a fool' if I am from the country, I don't want yer papers; I want forms, and master sent a horse and cart for 'em." How ever, after a little explanation, the carter took the papers and departed, his knowledge of things being slightly increased by Uis adventure at the telegraph office. A weitee eays of the rabbits in Australia that for several years in succession the animal becomes so scarce as to be quite difficult to obtain, increasing in the next few years to so extraordinary an extent as to be come the most abundant mammal in the country. After the maximum of increase has been attained the rabbits commencc to die off, and before many weeks arc over their dead bodies strew tlie woods in all directions, while a lire rabbit is scarcely to be met with. In connection with the efforts being made at St. George to get the district settled by small men (says the Standard), it tnay be mentioned that £450 has been taken away out of the district by the few Doondi shearers and laborers who came into town on the shed cutting out. The bulk of this money would hare been kept there had they asettled popula tion of working men. Something similar to this is what we want in these districts. We want land thrown open to selection around the towns upon which working men can settle without haring to spend small fortunes in the preliminaries, and then when the shearing season comes round they could go and work the sheds in the neighborhood. This is com mon enough in New South Walps, and is now done in the vicinity of Koma, therefore why not on the Barcoo? It would be interesting to know how much money each town would have retained if station work at shearing was not done this season by nomads. Another poor swagsman appears to he dropping into a big fortune with his eyes shut, ana without any extraordinary exertion on his part. The story goes that a decrepit old swagman named James Ryan was at an hotel not far from Brisbane, and re marked that, though he was " humping bluey," his brother in Gippsland was a money lender worth his thousands. On hearing his tale, tho landlady of the hotel recollected reading an enquiry for a James Ryan in the Freeman's Journal, whose brother, a money lender in Gippsland, had died, and willed his money to a brother, whose whereabouts are being sought. Little doubt exists but that the swagman is the man whom the fortune awaits, and corres pondence has been instituted with a view to ascertaining for certain. Meanwhile James Ryan is living in joyous expectancy. Tho strange part about these sort of windfalls is the curious way in which a word or two dropped casually is at last heard by a person who " knows something about it," and the end generally is that a man who had hardly six pence soon finds himself the owner of thou sands. Dit. Frank Huet, the dentist, should have been a farmer. He appears to he such a good hand in the initiation of the agricultural industry that he would have been a great help to us in starting wheat-growing. He is so well acquainted with the best mode of treating the ac(h)res that he can make a living by them anywhere, and although he does not at present cultivate any ground ho travels about extract ing from the people as many achres as they are willing to part with. Sometimes when land is being prepared for the plough the remains of the natural forest, in the shape of stumps of trees, are a nuisance. Hut Dr. Huet does not find stumps a nuisance; he likes to meet with theiu in order to show the skilful way in which he can prise them out. The den$aV fshTier s just a litt'e a"d liicing- and out t.iey come before one can say Jack Robinson; tho ordinary farmer is content to work round them, so that if his plough should como in con tact with a stump lie may be able to invent new characters in which to describe his feel ings, and thus relieve the monotony of the field-work. A great fuss is made sometimes in this country if, when preparing the electoral rolls, some names are omitted and votes lost to the unfortunate ones ; and yet when an election is on it is quite likely that those who make the biggest outcry would figure among those who would not trouble to record their votes. In Helgium, however, the authorities are now very particular. Some alteration was recently made bv which the people were given some thing like universal suffrage, and then voting made compulsory, liefusal or neglect to vote at the last elections was a legal offence punish able in the ordinary manner—that is, by fine or imprisonment. This experiment of thus endeavoring to force everyone to the polls was not a success. The number of electors who actually recorded their votes was not much more than 80 per cent., which, allowing for unavoidable absences, would leave about 200,000 persons to be fined or imprisoned—a task which tlie State would hardly care to undertake. It is considered that the idea is good, and that something similar is required in England, for only in rare cases does the poll exceed 60 or 70 per cent, of the voters on the register. I The division of Australia into so many separate coloaies under control of differ ent Governments, is what Max O'Rell does not believe in, and in liis book, '* John liull & Co.," lie writes greatly in favor of federation, and thinks the whole continent should form one large nation under one Government. This being the opinion of the distinguished French man it was a terrible blunder of the Kock hampton separationists to ask his assistance in having their wishes carried out. He writes: "During a short stay at Rocbhampton, I received a deputation of notables who came to talk of their grievances, and pushed childish ness so far as to ask me to promise that, on returning to Europe, I would use all my influence to get the colony of Queensland separated into two independent parts. I re ceived these gentlemen with all the seriousness of which I am capable, and I promised. Now I have kept my word, for how can I doubt that the Queen of England and the Ministers of Her Britannic Majesty will read my book, and accede to the righteous demands of the worthy Queensland patriots ? My commission is therefore executed." The Rockhampton " not ables" must curse the day they ever saw Max O'Rell. I wondee why a white man cannot live with the blacks if he wants to and bis dusky companions do not object? It seeuis that in the St. George district a man was arrested for preferring to live with blacks to whites, and after appearing before the local Bench was remanded for eight days—probably to allow him to ruminate over his bad taste. The charge was "Not being an aboriginal native, and lodging and wandering in com pany with aboriginal natives of the colony of Queensland." Perhaps the- authorities are afraid associations of this kind would lead the blades into trouble through the white man teaching them certain " litoe tricks," contrary to the spirit of the law and the peace of the lawful subjects of Her Majesty the Queen. In his book, "John Bull & Co.," Max O'Rell raters to the servant girl difficulty in Australia, and says that while earning from four to six pounds a month, for the least trifle they leave their situations and complain of ill- usage. He adds to thiB th.it the only remedy for the evil would be the re-establisliment of polygamy. When an Australian wife found the house-work becoming too much for her, instead of getting a servant and thus taking upon her shoulders all the worry and difficul ties that the usual procession of girls coming and going entail, she would merely request her husband to look out for another wife, and the cost of another wife would not be more than that of a servant, while things would run along much more smoothly if the right person had been chosen. At first sight the idea seems to be a very bold one; but when it is well considered, arguments in favor of it can be discovered by the dozen to only one or two against. There is many a woman who becomes more upset and knocked-up over the shortcomings of her servant than a day's hard work Would cause, while if there had been another wife in the house, and each agreed well together, household troubles and worry would be almost unknown. The time has now come round again when good Christian men are instructed to rejoice, with heart and soul and voice (what the women and children have to do is not mentioned), and doubtless such will be done in tlie good old way; but also with the aid of the teeth, the throat, and the stomach. This is the time of the year when people get an idea that they cannot do their dutv as good Chris tians without having something extra—very much extra—to eat and drink; when the larder in every household, even if only con taining three or four members, overflows with so many good things that it looks as if a con tract had been secured by cacli one to cater for a ball; when the shady side of every verandah has a heap of something under an old blanket that is carefully kept wet; and when the toy shops are ransacked for presents fo* the children, and the revenue of tlie country considerably augmented by the postage ex pended on_ the heaps of Christinas cards sent in all directions. However, Christmas comes but once a year, and when it does it brings great fear—of the bills that will come pouring in within a few days afterwards. Never mind, I hope every reader of this will sec many another Christmas, and all be able to tho roughly enjoy tlieni. Tiiat^ Jiyely old gentleman em tlie office (Mr. Thomas Nicliolls in full, "Old Kick," for short), dis tinguished himself again last Sunday. After about six rums ana two n lysines before breakfast, he decided to go for a riilv- There fore, in the words of the .son™, "Jif t'ot a horse and tried to ride it, oh what a joke,' for "Nick" was a better hand at .sol ting up type on a paper, than Bitting upright ou a horse. After the old gentleman had manngnl to get into the saddle and departed, it was not long before the fun commcuced ; but to enumerate it all would take a column. Suffice it to say that the rider found an excuse for every thing, but never blamed himself. When an endeavor was made to knock down a tree near the cemetery it was because the horse was blind on the side the tree was, and when the programme included a run for the scrub a la John Gilpin, it was because the saddle was not made for that horse, and annoyed the animail so much that it rau away. However, alls well that ends well, and the gallant rider was nothing worse than tired and thirsty when he returned to town—about two hours after the horse had come in. The horse and rider had parted company a few miles from town, and although Mr. Nicholls still declares the saddle was not made for tlie horse, lie is quite sure he himself was not made for the saddle. I have to acknowledge receipt from an anonymous friend, a copy of a Sydney daily paper, containing, marked, the Chief Justice's summing up in the case of the men placed on trial charged with the Momba shear ing outrage, for which those found guilty were sentenced^ to seven years' penal servitude. The judge was very severe in his address. Ho went over the whole matter and pointed out liow tlie prisoners behaved. He said that after breaking camp they did not appear to have done any mischief until the morning of the 22nd September. A start was then made in the work of destruction. Fences were pulled up, wires cut, sheepyards burnt, and the country set on fire in several places, until reaching Mount Dampier, the culminating point was placed upon tlie career of crime and out rage by tlie destruction of the engine used for the purpose of pumping water for the stock, and the attempted destruction of the engine house by fire. The judge said that no hostile army invading the territory would have so acted, unless under the immediate necessity arising from shock of battle. One would think a civil war, the most horrible of all wars, pre vailed. . . . and all this to take place in a free country (referring to opposition to free laborers) a country in which all men possess as large a share of true liberty as that pos sessed by any people the world has ever known. Vou, however, seek the abuse of true liberty. The liberty you Beck is that of the tyrant. You seek to tyrannise over your fellow men, to deprive them of that right which the Almighty has given to all men, (he right to labor as they will. 