A MYSTERY— SUPERNATURAL ' AGENCY. The following romnrkablo story is from tho Duhbo Dispntch, a journal which would not loud itsolf to the pub lication of any fabrications : — About throo yoars ago Potor Stoin, a linrd-hoadod, practical, frugal Gor man, sold proporty lio possossod in tho Waggn district, nnd, with his family, cmno to Dubbo in soarch of land. Ho and his son Jacob, a young man now '28 yonvs of ago, took up two areas of 2500 acros each on tho Conl- bnggio. Tho selections nro on tho South Ballndorau run, and rathor iso lated. Jacob's soloction is on tho southorn side of tho run, aud thoro was wlion it was takon up an old hut upon it. In this nt first livod tho family, consisting of Mr. nnd Mrs. Potor Stoin, two adult sons, two adult daughtors, and fivo younger ohildron. With tho family n young man namod Daly oamo into the district. Ho had boon ronvod by tho Steins and was looked upon ns ono of tlio fam ily. Ho was much attached to thom and tlioy to liim. Jacob dotor- niinod to build on tlio sito of tho hut, whilo Potor oommonood tho oroc- tion of n commodious rosidonoo on his land, about throo milos away. Tho Steins woro, however, 110 sooner sottlod down — tho father nnd family in thoir now hotiso and Jacob at his hut — than thoy hoard at night strnngo voicos, loud coooying, and awful soronmings. Thinking that thoy procoodod from oithor holatod travollors or homownrd procooding Bolootors, moro morry than sonsihlo, tlioy took littlo notice of thorn. Thoso sounds wore only honrd at in- torvnls, n fortnight or throo wooks in tervening botwoon thoir ocourronoo. Thoy, liowovor, took place so regularly, for tlioy wore at ono timo hoard at Jacob Stein's nnd again at tlio fathor's, that tlio idon of noisy roystorors, mak ing night hideous with their noisos, was givon up. About oightcon mouths ago there woro further dovolopmonts, mid, nccording to tho family, strange mnnifostntions. Tho furniture in Potor Stein's houso hooamo as pos sossod. It jumped about in all direc tions, nnd on ono occasion tho crash of orookory was something dooidodly ex traordinary and uncanny. Mrs. Stoin wns halting in tlio kitohon ono day, nnd after sho had lior dough prepared to bo placod in tho ovon, nn invisiblo linnd caught it up nnd tossed it on tho floor. Thoso things, or akin to them, havo kept on from thon till now, hut with tho further1 dovolopmont that the person responsible, whether spirit of hoavon or goblin dnmnod, has froquontly intorviowed nnd has had conversations with tho sovoral mombors of the family. Evidently tho prosonco is not of tho regular typo, for it doos not wait till tho " witohing hour wlion graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth," but comos along in '-brand daylight and talks to a family who nro now somewhat terrified, as mny well ho imaginod. In reply to a question from Potor Stoin the invisiblo visitor has said that his name is Goorgo William Horhort, and that his mother, who was namod Aanio, nnd his sister, yffio was cnllod Julia, woro burnt to death on tho South Balladorau run — ; that his fnthor died in tho Oootn- tiundra Hospital 18 yoars ago — that ho (tho sponkor) had boon hit upon tho liond and loft for dead on tho road, tlint lie had boon saved, aud had subsisted upon liorbs and woods. Upon being nskod to show himself by tho older Stoin ho replied tlint if hb did thoso who saw liiin would faint,"' for thoy had novor soon nnything like him hoforo.. According to the Steins —and nil, from tho father to tho youngest ohild, toll the same round unvarnished talo— the visitor some times spoaks in a gruff, manly voice and sometimes ns softly as a woman ; indeed, it would ho difficult to dis tinguish liis voice from a girl's. Tho dogs about tho plaoo seem to know whoa it is coining. Although the'. Stoius oauiiot soo it, thoy appear to havo ' thnt powor, for thoy hark furiously, and ono particular dog goes nearly wild witli foar anil oxoitomont. About n fortnight ngo things roaoliod a climax and tlio invisiblo ono performed all kinds of pranks. It oast toma- Unwks and knives about with tho graoo of an Indian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, aud otlior nrtiolos of domestic economy. Ono night whilo tho family woro engaged fcooiting the Rosary — thoy aro Roman Catholics and retain tho eimplo dovotional habits ofRhiuo- land — the table round which thoy knolt was suddenly lifted towards the, coil ing and thon allowed to oomo down with a heavy thud. So annoying havo boon tho manifestations that Dnloy, tho young follow who oamo from Wngga with tho Steins, lias loft tho place. Another man named Bowden, oinployod by thorn; lifts also loft, say ing that if I10 woro givon tho soloction I10 would not livo 'there. Tho wholo thing is certainly mysterious ; but, however the scoptioal may bo inoliuod to laugh at it, thoro is not, our infoi'ln- ant mates, tlio slightest doubt that ovory ono of tho family thoroughly bo- liovos what I10 tolls, nnd each, from tlio youngost ohild to tho fatlior of tho family, has tho samo story to toll. Mrs. Stoin, who is an English lnily, with no tendency to tho superstitious, is as couvincoil ns sho is of hor oxistonco that tho plnco is hnuntod. A tew days ngo, at Potor Stain's roquost, tho Vory Rov. Pathor Byrne visited tho soloction, and though during tho night and day I10 spont ; thoro ho saw or honrd nothing, ho investigated as far as possiblo tlio affnir and is thoroughly satisfiod that tho Stoins nro holiovors that thoy aro boing annoyed by a powor whioli oan not materially, talk liko a man or woman, nil tho timo boing invisiblo. Tho affnir is extra ordinary and n, searching inquiry should tako plaoo. ' Throo-tonths of tho oavnings of a Belgian conviot aro sot nsido for his benofit ou release. 