THE OLD PIANO, BY Mas. M. L. EAYSE. It etooi in the show window of a largo music store on a mncb -frequented avenue, and -as its .iextreme.flld age : and nglintss were accentuated by a price mark, some of the^passere-by paused to inspect the valaable rnia. " Papa, did they make uply little frights of pianos liketbatforpeople toplay on?" asked a happy child of hor young father., . "Not in my daj',-child," answered the; father, gently amoeed. "Is that the thing my grandmother played when ebe was yonng asked a graceless youngster: of a .while-haired, man beside: him. "Yonr grandmother was not born when that thing was made,' boy," retorted/the grandfather disdainfully. Uo one admired the ancient outlawed thing tbat was jeered at for,its awkwardness, and it stood there alone of its kind,: stiffi and clumsy, showing through its cracked coat of veneer all the landmarks* of time, the pitiful helplessness of age. PreBOBtly a quaint .old woman with a basket on her arm hobbled np to the window. In earlier days she iad been known as a "cbaraotor," cow she was shunned as a crank. . Her "dresB—if ench it coold be called—wso the rags of a gentlewoman. Her faoe resembled those porcelain lamps in which - a. rose. light burns. But.fc*r light hadgone out, leaving •an anh colour. When :she saw the old piano withits yellow keys set far apart like the aentinel teeth of age, she clasped her shrivelled hands and gave a greatory. " Wbere did thoy find it ? and how dare they exbiGit it here ? When I saw it last 'twas in grandfather's room with-the 4all clock and tho old harmonium. It was old, old then. I used to flay.for thu.poor old man When I vca home from school—that wis before I ran away with handBome Harry. Ah, me, ab, me, there is some-; thing wrong here"—she tapped her head lightly—" it's all wrong—a msd world, : my masters." Then she laughed shrilly, and the crowd cheered her goodrhumoredly,. "It won't speak;for you,"but ,I can make it .sing-T-listen,I? ehe shrilled. : The crowd made way for ber to ontnr the store and the dealer, thinking to advertise his antique possession, helped the little old woman up into-the window and seated her before the old piano as if she had been a prima donna . - SsIfishnesB, mv brothers. It is at the root of many a kindly action in thiB world. bat then- " Tinkle-hnkle-tinklo. The sounds produced from those yellow keys .were not «s,mu6ical as a sheep bell's jangle, but the orowd langhed and cheered, and tba fiatl old fingers—it WBS said they had done the basincss for hnndsoms Hairy, but that was whea alio was mad—struck a chord, and "Auld Lang Syne" floated out in a weird melody that-was full of passion and ,nn,,and the sobbing, of the loneliness of ffe. Then a pause and the acca6tomcd fingers strock an air of tbe past, end a mournfully sweet voice aung the words of an old iovo song: " Once you.end you loved me dearly/' The people whispered to each other that she had been a great musician in her day aud pretend forward to hear her and —no one smiled. "I'll buy that old piano," caid a grnfi voice, "it'sgot more music to the square inch thanany of your newfangled metru' meals—it's got a soul in it, so it has." " Did they tell you I was false, Harry darling ?"• She. sang tne old song through,..and broke off to give them Bonaparte Gross ing the Alps." They could hear the very tramp of the martial feet as her lingers etrnck the loose keys that responded with their last, thrill of harmony to her compelling touch ; "It's a trick to. s3ll the piano—tha music-dealer stands in with her—but she and tbe old instrument are mates," said a men in the crowd. "Aye," answered his friend; "like those btfd- whifltles the street fakirs sell no one ever can make such musio out of them as those fellows do. It's one of tbe tricks of tbe trade." The old woman turned a white, tired face on them. ".Ghosts, ghosta,' all: oE ye ; but this is real" and she touched the, keys, that answered 'With- a plaintive air. :. "Mad," they whispered to: each other. But the music she played beld them epellbound.. It was the cry cf the homeless, the- desolate, voiced like a prayer. Man took off their hats sod bo wed their heads ; women sobbed.; The music becime " a obant—a requiem : " There's no place like home, There's no place lika homo, :. Honae, sweet, sweet home/' , . As the .Uet note died away, tbe einger laid her head on the keys, and—did cot: liftitegaiD. ; " This piano is sold/' said the dealer, as he stepped to his. show-window and, dropped the curtain. Mrs Da Pink : " Ism amsz«i, sir, that you should prosoee to my aanghter. Why, «he is i ut out. of boariing-achool, and yoa have not known, her a week;" S'oung Man (a smart fellow) : . « Trno, madame, but, ! naye known you fdr some time, and. everybody «y« yo*r daughtw tiket after you," "That young :widow Plison is quite a dashing creature, don't you think f "I guess you. are right, She dashed my hopes most efEectnally. when.I asked her to marry , me" " Glorious ! Old fellow, so her. ier father mid yes ' when you asked, him F - •:" TeSi^ " How. did you put ithe question PV " Asked him if he had any objection to me," Byers—" What was your idea in getting: vaacinated-. .on your rheumifac arm ?' 1 Seller-^-" Bponomy of pain, it couldn't' make the arm hutf orse than it did al-. Little JSffiie (who has stroked the kitten, . until .she has began to. pnrr)^ Hauthe; do you hear that t' Sister Maud—*' Hear wist, Effie ?" jEffie—" Why, 1 do believe kitty's boiling." Sympathetic W dow—"Have jyou been fortunate in your'iove affairs t" interest-! itg S ubj ect—" Teg, very. I never-jet fel in lo>e with a girl who would, marry me." He—" What about those new-neighbours: yon called-on to-day f" She—" Well, they said they had come to tlie. village to avoid ^ society and beggedme to call often" Tramp—" Say, governor, yon wanter get A medal from the nomane .society f" Gentleman—Through yoa?" Tramp— Yes. -Give me a dollar'ind you^ll aave both em lives." ' 