THE STORY-TELLER, THE GHOST OF GRAY'S INN. SQUARE. [Br Waltee Haidake.7 I.'—PKELIMINAKT. Toe Editor of tbe WettminsUr Budget pre sent* bis compliments to Mr. John Maltoombe, end will tie clad to receive from bim for publi cation a fall account of hi* recent strange adventure* in hi* oban-bsrs. Mr. John Saltcombe presents bis compli ments to tbe Editor, and has iruoh pleasure in enclosing herewith the MS. for wbiah the Editor was kind enough te ask, aooompanied by a document in corroboration of a remark able story. S9b, Gray's Inn-square. II.—In the Law Coccts. From the terms of tbe application made to me by tbe Editor it ie obvious that be has already beard in outline the very singular story I have to tell. I have reason to believb, indeed, that my peculiar adventures have of late gained a pretty wide onrrenoy in legal j circles—a publicity which I must frankly own ie by no means to my taste. So many utterly absurd versions of the affair have been noised abroad, however, that on the whole I think Ioannotdo better, even i in my own interests, than commit to paper, with {Professional precision, exactly what happened. And I say to those of my friends ! who have been guilty of romancing, "Mark | now, how a plain tale shall set you down." This, then, was the beginning of my ad venture. I am sure I need do no more than j mention the great case of Whack by v. Thraps toD, which filled columns of tbe newspapers for days a few months ago. Vou remember it ? Of course you do. Every one knows the story of the forged will by this time, and recalls bow on qpe day tbe witnesses on the Whaokby side seemed to carry all before them when they ewore that the will was not authentio, while on the next, day every "man in the street" yon met was ready to declare that tbe Thrapston party was absolutely bound to win, looking to the impregnable strength of the evidence on their side of tbe cave. I am not going to say directly on wbiob side I appeared; but I am going to say it in a roundabout way which will be no puzzle to any newspaper reader gifted with a memory. It was my professional duty to extraot every thing unfavourable to himself wbioh I could - possibly sarnw out of the rascally Italian valet, Antonio Pasoa, whose evidenoe was so vital concerning tbe execution of tbe disputed will. Now in my time I bave bad many a scoundrel to deal with in tbe witness-box, and I believe I am not without tbe leputation of "badgenug" when it is oalled for. 1 had not, however, to be very truoulent with Pasoa —be seemed too pitiful a fool. But I want you carefully to note two points. The first point is that the snaky fellow really did exercise a sort of serpentine fascination over me, although, of course, I never loBt my self oontrol. There was something uncanny about bit bright, beadlike, dark, shifty eyes, and his close-cropped, black-haired, bullet shaped - bead ; and his figure appeared in my dreams mora than once during the two or three days on whioh be was under examination. For one' thing, I was determined to make him speak the troth, the whole truth, end nothing bnt the troth, before I had done with him; and modeBty forbids that I should do more than allude to the. triumphant success with which my efforts were crowned on the last day of Pasoa's appearance in the Ounrts. | It was a foggy November day, and the crowded Conrt was j net about to adjourn nntil the morrow, when one of my best hits was made. " Now remember, you are on your oath, sir. You admit buving this blue foplscap, five days a'ter the tPRtator's death, at a shop in Florence. Very well. Now tell me, did yon or did you not say to any one that yon saw no barm in exchanging one piece of blue paper for another, provided yon ran no risk, and that you were well paid for your work 1" The answer is historio, and the probabi'ity of an indictment for perjury at once became apparent. The Court rose almost immediately, and | there was the usual bustle attending the i operation. This is the second point I wish you to reoolleat. Ael was leaving the building Pasca [ met me face to face, and, for once, he looked straight into my eyes with a wicked stare. "You shall nevare forget this night," be hissed, serpentine as always, "nevare, nevare! ' You haf kill me; I will kill you. N«7«re, nntil you are dead yourself, shall you be free from Antonio Pasca!" I He uplifted his hand, as though there were a weapon in it, as it to strike at me. Another look of malignant purport, and he bad gone. " How excitable the Southern temperament [ is!" T said lightly to myself, as I returned,to my chambers, highly amneed. The next morning there waa some delay in resuming the trial. It was irritating, as I meant to complete PaBoa's discomfiture. At last an explanation was brought into Oonrt, which quite changed the current of my thoughts. Nevermore would Pasoa appear before earthly Judge. He had ehot himself that morning. III.—In Mt Chamberb. OF course T did not allow myself to bo upset by the suicide of a man like Pasoa. It was not my fault that he had chosen to sneak out of life as he had sneaked through it. No; "man of the world," and hardened lawyer as I am, with snnnd mental and bodily health, and an arduous profession to olaim all my energies, I was not going to burden myself with any unpleassnt reflections. I was very busy that night—it was a Thurs day, I remember-in reading np a stiff brief relating to a case of an entirely different nature. The brief, by a familiar contradic tion in phraseology, was very loDg and very dry, and I felt exoeedingly tired as the clock marked the small hours. I left the document, open at a onrtain page, lying on my table, so an to be ready to reenme its study early in the morning, extinguished my reading-lamp^ and tumbled wearily into bed. Kvents proved that I had slept soundly, very soundly, although I am conscious that I had one or two evil glimpses in the night of that pestilent fellow Pasca, bnt they were mere fragments of dreams. Whan I arose at 7 and lighted my eos-fire and the lamp, what was it that oansed me to start book from my table as though I bad been shot! This:—The brief I had been reading was lying exactly as I had left it, bnt on tbe blank page, in a hand whioh I at onee recognised as Pasoa'* through having pored over some of his writing daring the will case, were these words —".You shall never forget me. You have killed me, I will kill yon; Until vour death yon shall never be rid of Antonio Pasoa." Almost the very words the impudent fellow bad need to me on the evening of our encounter. ..What oould it mpanf Was it a trickt Could be have penetra . No, I recalled with an involuntary shudder ;.he was dead dead by bis own band 1 ■ The map being Italian,.I wondered dully if he oould Be in league with n Secret Society who meant to avenge his taking off. But, if aa, why uothaveeubbed measlsUpt rather than waste time in-soribble of thissort t Strangely atartled, I'mutt admit, my next step Wat to examine tbedoor. Ah, here was an explanation. ; By soma oversight I had not b ecu red it, or at any rate it was unfastened, although the look waa in perfect order. Some one in stupid joke or in deadly earnest bad entered by that means— and had gone. But the jooutar theory did not oommend itself, and I was not able to remem ber having told any one of my meeting with Pasoa. Had any person overheard hit wild words? Then the handwriting—so entirely Paioa's. Waa 1 persecuted by this miserable man's ghost? I began to think it possible, that I waa. Here was the rascal keeping Mb word with a vengeance—in a double sense. I said nothing, but I was far from being myself that day, - One solution of the mystery did ooour to me, and I put it to the test that night. In order to make certain that 1 had not walked and written in my deep—ething I had never done in my life— I arranged the objects on my writing table in suoh an nnaoouetomed manner that any one—myself or a stranger—oould by no means be able to write without taking an infinity of trouble to Sod the materials. Furthermore, on that. Friday night I reso lutely banished all tbonght of Pasco, and retired, after first carefully looking the double door. I slept well; but again felt at one period of the night that PaBoa was near me. ' And again, when I awoke, there was the same mes sage, in the earns mysteriouB hand, but written this time in red ink on half a sheet of letter-paper t The objeota on the writing table had not been disturbed in the slighted) degree, and although it waa quite likely there waa red ink in the chambers 1 certainly oould not have found it at the moment. Clearly, then. I waa not my own correspondent. Where was this to end? .1 took serious alarm. How on earth did the fellow affect an entrance? The door was as I had left it, the key under my pillow; the chimney wait im passable for any mortal. The window was possible, but difficult, and securely fastened. Could there be a secret panel? I ooqldn't discover the least tr»;e of one. How eou'd the message have oome? I was at my wits'end to account for it. On Saturday, the third night, I again bad ocoaeion to be very busy with my papers until a late hour, when my labours were pleasantly interrupted by a friendly nail from my friend Clarriker, the well-known phystoiau. " Holloa 1 What on earth 'etbe matter with you?" be asked, in his cheery way. " Fou look as though you'd be in my hands eoon, if you are not careful." "Nothing on earth ails me," I answered with emphasis. At last I told bim of the ghost—for I had come to believe that it must be a ghost that tormented me. "Very well, very well," he said quietly, when I bad tnnde mv confession. "Ill atop here to night while you sleep. Thereb nothing < at all to be alarmed about; nothing at ail " " I am not very sure about that, I replied; but I obeyed, and again sank into deep slumber. I awoke in agonies—awoke to find Clarriker gone, and to fiad a pale, phosphorescent sort of light hovering through the room. Yea, and there was Pasoa. eth-realized bnt brutish still, slowly eorawiing one of bis infernal mes sages. Filled with fury 'I leaped up in an instant, intending to orush the THING—whatever it wa>—by my. Bheor weight. I oould not do it! I foil through the figure without affeoting it one bit 1 Pasca turned and grinned at me with fiendish glee. Doubly enraged, I stretched out my hand. It fell powerless on the table 1 " You baf kill me; I will kill you !" he said, in a hollow voice, as he whipped a dagger somehow from out of the phosphore scence surrounding- bim and pinned my hand to the table. Instantly I teemed to lose knowledge of everything, and the story passes into other hands. IV.—The Statement op Samuel Olab BIKER. M.D. . When T called on Mr. Saltoombe, as he has related, I did my best to soothe him. He was much disturbed. His oase is eo peculiar, although by no means unique, that I have noted it for a medioal journal. But it would be useleeB to weary the general reader with jargon about uncousoinuB cerebration, the two lobes of the brain, and all the rest of it. Mr. Saltoombe had been muoh over- worked. Pasca'e threat bad really made a muoh deeper imprint upon hie brain than he was at all aware of. The overwork disordered the function of Bleep. This in turn produced dreamB of the Italian; and a little careful reflection—if yon will so far favour me. mv dear sir or my dear madam —will explain the rest. Mr. Saltcombe him self was the writer of the denunciations wbioh had been so alarming. The concluding vision of the Italian was no more substantial than the dagger with which my friend thought his hand was skewered to the table. That weapon was in reality eimplv my fingers laid gently upon bin. Onae I had incontestable proof of a diseased condition we were soon able to lay the ghost for ever. But who nan doubt that in an earlier age these experiences would hare been solidified into a firm conviction re specting the achievements of the ghost qf (imv'R Trin-»qu»rp. -Wct,tmin*tn Budoct. 