LIKE & UNLIKE. BY M. S. BK&SXSOST.; Author of ' Lady Aodmsy'b Secret,' ?' W*llaiid'8 Weird,' Etc., Etc. The Right of Translation is Rkskrved ! CHAPTER XXV. (OONTIKUED)— PAST CUUK. This Plato of things went on for uioiv than a month, It was the middle of August, und the weather was sultrier than il ha I been in July. Mrs Baddelev was astonishing the quieter visitors at. a Scarborough hotel, and delighting her train -if ath-n '.-litis. who ha t ralli-M i«» that, jxiiut 1'i-om various hhooiing b oxe* on the Vorkfthire moors. Yrikntiu.! was going to ami fro ov..t the earth like the Evil One, iu his journeying from on-i race meeting to another. lie occasiouall ? fuvoro-l his wife with a few hurrio ! liiu* from a provincial hotel, telling her his where abouts. He appeared thoroughly to approve of her residence at the Abbev, and promised to join her there before th.* tirst of October. This, so far as it went. 8 ???mod well. or at least ii bo seemed to Lady H ?lti.lO. Adrian was not altogether satisfied. ' I don't like Valentine's passion for the turf,'' he saiil one -lav wh-iii he ami 11 1 n were sittiug on the lawn utter uncheon, she making believe to work, he with a volume of Herbert Spencer on his knee, and his thoughts very far from the pages of tint philosopher. 'I hop-1. H-leu. there is no truth in a rumor thai I luard at mv club when I was iu L-mdou ihe oilierelav.' ' What rumor ?' 'A man assure I in ft that Valentine Iris a share in Lord St, Aiibi, ll's raciug stabl. .' She crimsoned at tliat su.lden utterance of 6t. Austell's nam aud could scarcely answer him. ?' I — I have never heard of such a thing,1' she said. ' But you know that St. Austell and your hu6bau 1 are close friends, ah hough they only met a little while before \our marriage, whin St. Austell was at Morcouib. If there IB any truth in the report. Valentine is in the right way to ignominious bankruptcy. He has only \our settlement, and the allow ance my moth r uiak. s him. Neither -f those woul.l be available f«»r bin creditors. Practically hi is a man of straw, and has no right lo speculate in a racing 6tud.' 44 I don't believe he does speculate. lie likes to go to races, aud he bets a little some times. He has given me money that he has won on the lurf. I know that there is a stable belonging to — to — Mr Beeching — and Lord St. Austell ; but 1 don't think Valen tine has an;. tbinp to -!o with it b ?; ond going to look at tlie horses now an-l then.' 'Ihope.-ou are right. Helen. The turf ie au evil thing at best ; it would be deadly for my brother. I hope he will have had euoug'h of rac .-meetings by the end of this year, aud that- hn will sober down to a more domestic life. That pretty Japanese draw ing-room of jours ought uot to be alwa. s empty.' Helen did not reply. Her head bent lower over that group of poppies in crewel-st itch which she carried about with her ia a basket all day Jong, and which seemed to make no more progress than Pom lope's web. Within two or three «'a; 6 after this little conversation. Sir Adrian was surprisjd by a subtle cliaugc in tlii6sisler-in-lawV n,jiriis. It was not that she seemed happier than i b fore; but she was c r.'ainlv less listless.! less despondent. She hail an air of suppressed 1 excitement, which showed its. If in a fore d gaiety. She talke 1 a gr« at d al more, laughed at the smallest jokes, aud she suddenly took it into her head to play tenuis violently with Jack Frecmantle. To Adrian it seemed as if 6he was impelled by some hidden agitation which found relief in movement and occu pation of any kind. Looking back at the events of the previous dav. he remembered that she hail been wan dering about the park alone in the afternoon for two or three hours. She had, for the first time, avoided driving out with Lady ' Belfield, on the ground that the afternoon was oppressively warm ; and then goou afUr luncheon she had taken a book and strolled out into the garden. He lial missel her later on, and had met her two hours after wards returning from the Italian terrace by tbe river, that c- press walk where ho had rec-ived tbe proof of her inconstancy. He felt that there wasan evil influence at work, and he feared that the evil influence was St. Austell. He had seen enough while lie was in Lon» don to inspire him with grave doubts as (o the relations between Ids brother's wife anil that nobleman. St. Austell's position and St. Austell's reputation were alike dangerous, and that light nature of Helen's was not formed for resistance in the hour of teinpia tion. Ai'rian remembered the scene on Lady KildareV terrace and the morning ride in the park. l»oth open to suspiciou ; and his heart was ill at ease for the woman who was to have been his wife. CHAPTEE XXVI. — OPENING HIS EVES. Whsle Helen was pacing the cypress walk ^ to the long August afternoon. Valentine was at York, where the summer meeting was iu full swing. Interest as well as pleasure had led him to the northern city. He was not, as bis mother had been told, a partner in the St. Austell and Beaching stable, but bis interests were deeply involved in their 6ucceese6, and he had mixed himself up in their turf speculations in a manner which might resull in a great vovji or a great disaster. One of their horses was entered for the Great Ebor, and stood pretty high in the betting ; another ran in a smaller race, and there were three of the stud entered for selling stakes. Valentine liad backed Postcard rather heavily for the Gnat Ebor, and he knew that Beeching and St. Austell had both laid their money pretty freely, and both bedi' ved in the lio'rs ?. To Beeching, losing and winning was a matter of very little conse quence; but like most millionaires he was very intent upon makiog his stable pay. and was verv savage when the luck went against , him. St. Austell was by no means rich, and lo him Postcard's success must be a matter of contsi lerable imj-ortancp. The value of the horse would be quadrupled if he won this graat rac-.*, to say nothing of his owner's ; bets. Under tlii*e circuinsranc s Mr Beltield j was surprised at not tinging St. Aust« 11 at , King'6 Cross when he arrived on the pla'.- j form just in time for th.: special. It ha 1 been arranged a week before tliat- he, Beech ing, and St. Austell were to travel together bv this train, which lift Loudon at eight in the morning on the liirt day of the raews, ami were to occupy a suite of rooms together at the hotel till the meeting was over. Mr Beeching hail charged himu-lf— or hud been c'.iarged — with the duty of engaging the rooms, and of securing a coujh' for the jour- j nev. Mr Beeching was on the platform, with his valet in attendance upon him. The coujm' was engage I, aud a pie»uie basked, con taining a Strasbourg pie, a chicken, and a couple of bottles of G. H. Mumm's extra elry, was in the rack; but th.re was no St. I Austell. ' 'What dOPS that frllow imean by b.ing behind time ?' asked Val mine, when he ami I Beeching had taken their seats, and the doors j were being clapped to, all along the liue of ! carriages. i 'St Austell? He's not coming.' | '[Not coming! Not coming to eec Post card win the Great E'lor 1'' 'No. He's chucked up the stable.'' 'Chucked up the stable 44 Yes,' answered Beching. coolly. 'You sec he gave me a hatful of money one way aod another, and the other night he and I had a general square up, which resulted in my taking about seven shillings in the poun 1 all round. He surrendered his interest in Po9tcard, and the rest of the st ui, au.l I gave him back his 1 O U's. He is going to India next week.' ' Why India ?' 'Lungs. Can't stand European winter. His doctors advise hi :n to try Cevlou or ludia. Ho is keen U|-on a grand eastern tour, and he's off to Venice next week on his 'way eastward. H*%,11 potter al- out iu Northern Italy, perhaps, for a month or so, and then put himself on hiard a P. & O.' '? -^ueer, ' said Va!enti:ie. 'He never told me anything was wrong with his lungs, though lie looks ruihcrtiekly at the best of times. ?'We can't all be gladiators like jou, Bid field. I don't thiuk St. Austell knew there was anything radically wrong till he went to Sir William Jeoocr a little while ago and ' had himsjf overhauled. But he has been laid op more or less ever/ winter lor the last Umv or four years, and h' has lived p:r!iy ;.ou J.no-.v. 1 should think In 'ia would a capital mow for him. ' lYrhu] K,' a-.s-n!*d Val. mini, iwndvi ing deepl', with b.nt b»ows. On'th' K n.vv. stnire roadall their ucquain- tiiieeh were surpiise 1 at Si . Austtfll'sal.sonce, aud Mr Beaching had to. give the tame ex |»lAcati^n to a goal many people. Mr Bel R:ld was irritated t-v this iteration. 4lU uce take the fellor, what a lot of trouble h-^ has given us,' lie siid acgrilv ; ?' He ought to have coiue to s -e the horse's performance, although he had parted with his Interest in him. He has got a deal of motjoy on the race, anyhow.' The great dav and the great racc came. The Knavesinire was a scene of life and movement, of vivid color and ceaselcsa animation, a scene of univereal glaJncbS. oue would sufipOBe, taking tli' picture aB a whole. But in detail there was a g.jod deal , -if ilisappointini'Qt, It, wab only tho dis j intcres'.ed lookers-on, the fiivelms people | who go to nil! e meetings to eat and drtnk 1 and stare about tlie«u in the sutishim', the clodhopi-ers and bumpkins, *ho stand beti te I the .rails an I gaze ut. the scene as at the I figures in a kalei 'oecope — it is only for ' these that there is uo bitter in the cup of i pleasure, no lly in the ointment. I l'o&tcard;, after a magnificent lead, which I elated all Lis backers, shut up — in MrBtl a powerful horse, and would have pulled splendidly through heavy ground, but the wcatber had been peerless, and the course was dry and hard, so the lighter horses had the advantage. Botching and B-.dli'ild ate their lunch in moody silence, atid drank Uvico as deeply as they would have done to signalise a t riumph. 14 I'll be hanged if I spend another night in this cursed hole,' said Valentino, when the daj's ia ing *a9 over. 44 Oh, jou'd bullerftee it out. I've got the rooms for the week, don't -on kuo#, and I sliall have to pay pretty slitll/ for them, atid I've ordered dinner. You may just as well stay.' ' Makrtit Yorkshire if you gru'g^jour money, and when jou come back toto*n I'll eqmre up,' retorted Valentino, sulkily, 'I'm lired of the whole butinese. Your stable bus never brought me luck. Gooi night 1' It was only half-past five o'clock; the sun was high still, but sloping westward, and carriages and foot people were moving out of the great green valley in vaBt masses of shifting lights and colors. A prette scene, but far from pleasant to the jaundiced o.v« of Valeutine Beltield He got into a c\b, drove to the hotel, bundle 1 his things into bag and ]-orliriantcau, and had them carried to the adjacent station just in time for one of the specials which were taking the racing mouback to London. He got into a saloon carriage, coiled him self up in a corner, out of the duatand the glare, aud presently, * hen the ♦'xpre^ss «as ti . ing across (be country, past those broad fiuleJB where tbe corn was still stan ling, lo *? hills where lights and shaloAs citnc and w^nt in the softoniu? atmosphere of even ing, he f 11 fa6l aBlecp, and slept for nearly acou}ilc of hours, sleeping off that extra bottle of champagne which he hal drunk almost unawares in his disappointment and exasperation. It was dark when he awoke, black night outside the carriage windows— an I wiibin only the dim light, of the lamp, which was almori' obscurcJ by tobacco saioke. There were %crv fe* passengors in the spacious carriage, and of those few, three were asleep, sprawling in unrestrained re pose upon the morocco cushions, worn out with open air, sun, dust, and drink. Two men sat in tbe angle of the carriage, in a line with Mr Bcltield's corner, and those two were talking confidentially between the lazy consumption of their c!garettc8, talking in thoe: undertones which are sometimes more distinctly audible than the brawl and babble of load voic.s 'Itell.Nou, my dear felloe, everybody knew all altout it czcept the gentleman most concerncil,' said one, 'and whether he didn't kno e, or whether he waB wilfully I blind, is an open question I don't like the I man, and 1 should be willing to think any* | thing bad of him ; he's a gooJ bred'un, aoy» bow, and 1 suppose weonght to give him the benefit of the doubt.' ' He was never about with her,' returned the other mau, ?' sh? wont everywhere with her sister, and we all know what the sister is.' '? A very charming woman,' said his friend ? ith a laugh, 'and a very dangerous one. She's alKjuLthecleverestwooaan out, I think, for without coaiprooiiriog hcr&elt; very scrioush'-ahe has contrived to make more out of her a lrcirers than any woman in Lon don. She must have bled Beeching to the tunc of a small fortune, I fancy.1' 'Oh, Beeching is fair game.' said the other man 'Nobody rum's Baching. That kind of p:geon was made to be plucked; | b sides, B. ceding is uncommonly careful. NoloJ.r will ever do him any harm. He has ' the commercial intellect fully developed. Yoo may depend he keeps a close account of | his menus jrttiitirs, bi6 grass-widows and eneh like, and knows to a shilling *hat they 1 cost him, and will never exceed the limits I of strict pru lenc I Mr Belfiehi's attention was fully awakened by thiB time. He had turned himself round in his shadowy comer, and was watching and listening with all his might. He knew ore of the men. a member of tbe Badming ton and the Argus, slightlv ; the other not at all. ' The worst ftory against her is the storv of tbe diamonds,' said the man whom he did know. 'Ah, you were in India whan it happened! and knew all about it, 1 suppose,' replied the other. M It was a rather ugly story, I believe, but I never heard (he details.' ' I was in Buddeley's regiment when 6hc came lo India with him,*1 said the other. ' 41 She bad not been married six months, and was about the loveliest woman I ever saw in my life. As handsome as Mrs Belfield is nor, that splendid Irish beauty, which is unsur passable while it lasts, great gray eyes with black lashi s. a complexion of lilies and carnations, form and color alike lovely and luxuriant, a woman who makes every cad in the streets stop all agape to look at her She startled U6 ut our biii station, 1 can teli }ou, and the Ba Ideley madness raged there all that season like hydrophobia. One of our men, a pour little lieutenant, a mere lad, Lord Brompton's son, took the disease very batlv. What »as S()ort f^r us was death to him. He fell madly in love with his Major's wife, and hur.g about her and followed) her about in a distracted, despairing way that would have been laugliablehad it not verged upon the tragic.' 44 Vi i she encourage him ?' 44 Of course she did. He was a swell, and he had lots of money. She nick-uamed him Baby, talke. 1 of him a6 'a nice boy,' and before loDg be was knowu everywhere as Mrs Baidi lev's Baby. He didn't seem to mind people laughing at hiiu. We went lo Calcutta later on. and there were balls and all sorts of high jinks going on. and Mrs Ba Ideley was the belle of the place, and cv- r_. bo Iv.froro the Governor-General down *ards. wis avowedly id love with her. Poor young Strou ! hung on to her, and was savage with every man she spoke to. One night, at the Governor-Gem ral e ball, tne came oct in a blaz: of diamonds. One of us chaffed the Maj »r about his wife's jewellery; but he took it as easi'y as possible. She had h\r- d them fromKac-.'t, the groat Calcutta jeweller, he toll n?, 'I 6Up[-ose I shall have to pa; pretty stiffly fur the use of Ihctn,' he s»id. 'but if bUo hk. sto cut a dash in borrowed plumt s. I can't co itplain. It'll be a deuced long time I'm afraid beForeshe'H Ijc able to show n diamond necklace of her own.' Th-; speaker stopped to light a fresh ciga rette, and then went on latily dropping oui his sentences between pufft: of toliacco. 'Baddeley ii a big. gio.l natureid, self indulgout ass, hut 1 don't know that he's an x thing more than that. We all laughed at his story c-f the hired diamond?, and mi mouths afterwards when young Stroud broke for six and twenty thousand, most of it money ijorrowed from Calcutta Jews we all kn^w that Mrs Baddele » 's diamonds counted for something, ami Mrs Baddcley's little u-ipricea for something mor-\ in the lad's entanglements. We ro all very sorry for him. Hrompton was sai I to be a martinet, and ih~ ; oung man went about Calcutta looking as white as a ghost for a week or two, while he was tr- ing to make terms with his cnnJiiore. Then one morning jn the barracks there was a great scare. Young Stiou I had shot hims.df half an hour after morning p.ira !e. He had left two letters on his tfihli-. one a Hres* -d to his father, the oth-r to Mm Baddele;. .' 4' How did the la Iv take it.' ' 41 1 suppose she was rather eorry. She , never showed herself in Cdcutta after the catas'roi'he. Tbe r- glmental doctor went to sec li! r ever; day, and ilic Major told every one that she was laid up with low fever, and that tho climate was killing her, She wont back lo England a month QT so after Stroud's death, and she carried Tfic spoils of war with her and 'has worn them ever since.'' 44 And -ou think the youogor sister is as bad ?' said the other ifiau thoughtfully. There was no malevolence in either of tiicin. Thcv were only disjassiog one of tb^ problems of moJoin society. 41 1 don't know hbout that. I bblieved she has more heart than Mrs Baddley'; and that nhc is ov^r h' ftd and oars in love with St. Austell. They have botn carrying on all thc^easou, ami I wonder they haveu't bolted before now.' 41 My eleav fellow, nobodv bolts nowadays. Elopements are out Of fashion. There is nothing further from the thoughts of a nio iern seducer than a menirjc. The da- s of po8tcbais'B and Italian villas arc over. We love and wc ride away, St. Austell is a man of the wfirld, and a man of the time. H-. re wei are. old chap. My trap is to meet, us brre.' They took up (heir sticks, hats, aud over coat#, and l.-fi ihe carriage before Valentine B.dtield'B brain had recovered from the shock of a sudden revelation. He started to his feet as they went out, callcdpuL to the man be knew, followed to the door just, as the porter slamtneel it, and the train -moved on. He hardly knew what j he meant to do. Whether he would have ' tho Rlandercr tn luttoiitit. caned him, challenged hiin. He stood by the door of the swiftly moving carriage, dasul, be wildered, recalling that idle talk he had overheard from the darkness of his corner vondcr, wond Ting how much or how little truth there was in it all. About Mrs Btddelcj', his wife's sister? Well, thc-re might be some foundation for 8?an tal thcr.', perhaps. He bad long known thaLshe was a coquette, and a clever coquette, who know how to lead her admirers on, and bow to keep them at bay. He knew that. Beeching hal ministered pretty freely to the lal-'s capric. s : and had always looked upon St. Austell ait Ihelaly's favored a.lmircr, atid the man for whom she was in some danger of compromising here If. The story of young Stroud's futile passion for his Major's wife, and of costly jewellery given at a time when Lord Brompton's heir was alrradv deeply in debt, wasnot altogether new to him. lis had heard some vague hints in the past ; but men had been shv of alluding to that old stor*' iu his presence. He had known that his sister-in-law had been tal keel al-out ; but no man hael ever Oared to insinuate that she was anything worse than a clever woman, and perfectly capable of taking care of herself. 4- 1 back Mrs BadeMev and her poodle against Lucre! ia and her dagger,' he had heard a stranger say one night in the club smokiug room, and it had seemed to his somewhat cynical temjier that his wife could not be safer than with a thoroughly worldly woman, a woman who knew every I knot, and ravelled end in the 4t seamy side' I of society. ilut St. Austell his wife's admirer 1 They I two head over cars in love with each other 1 Never for one instant had such a possibility dawned upon him ; and yet those two men had talked as if that mutual passion were an established fact, known to all the world, except to him, thcdcludcd husband. Helen, his Helen ! The wife who had satiated him with sweetness, whose devotion hal cloyed, wbo6c fondness ha I been almost j a burden. That she should play him false, that she should care for any other man on earth- No, he could not believe it. Because | iwo fools in a railway carriage chose to tell li s. was he to think tbat the woman whi had counted the world well lost for love of him liad turned trickster and traitress and w&6 carrying on with another man. 8t, Austell, a notorious rake ; ft man who ha I the reputation of being fatal in his j influence over women. j Tbe man had seemed safe enough so long as i he had thonght of him only as Mrs Biddeley's lover, but, with his suspicions newly aroused, Valentine Belfield looked back at the history of the last few months, and saw all things in a new light. He remembered bow in all Mrs Baddcic.i 'e festiritice at Harlinghsm, Baae lagh, or Sandorn, water particsat Henley or ; Marlow, Sunday dinners at Richmond, at Greenwich, St. Austell bad always been one of the party. Beeching and St. Anstcll had always been at hand. Whoever else was included, those twowcrcinevitable. He had reckoned them both as Leonora's devotees ; they, were the pair which she drove in her car of triumph, like Venus' doves, or Juno's peacocks. One possessed her heart, and ruled her life ; tbe other washer purse-bearer. Knowing all this, or believiog this, he had 2 et been content that his wife should go everywhere under her sister's wfng. The arrangement relieved him of all trouble, : and Helen seemed hap^iy. People com plimented him upon bis wife's beauty, and he accepted their praises as a kind of tribute to himself, pleased to show the world ho* careless he could afford to be about a wife whom everybody adored, secure in his unbounded domiuion over her, able to neglect her if he chosc and yet to defoy all rivalry. CHAPTEB XXVII. — AN UNFINISHED LETTER. Mr Belfield rat brooding during the reel of the journey to King's Cross, and his thoughts grew darker with the darkeaiDg night. Yes,. 6t. Austell had haunted his wife's fooUtcps all through the season that was past. He had heard of them riding in the How, it was St Austell who had choscn Helen's horse at Tattersall's, and who bad been officiously obliging in attending the sale and getting the animal for a price that seemed almost ridiculously at variance with its quality. He could rccall the whole transaction ; how in St. Austell's presence one evening, after a little dinner in Mn Baddele v'e rooms, Helen had entreated him to bny her a horse, urging that it was ocious to ride hired animals, smelling of livery stables, and suggestive of a ii ling master in boots ; how he had declared he couldn't afford to buy ; and how St. Austell had told him that it woulei be a more economical arrangement than hiring, and had suggested that a good horse might be got for a very ll-tle money now that the bunting-was all over. 'What do you call a little money?' Valentine had asked, annoyed at his wife's persistence, and at St. Austell's interference. ''Well, I suppose you might pick up a good Park back for ninety or a hundred.' ' Nearly twicc as much as 1 should like to give,' answered Valentine, curtly. 41 llow much would you like to give if there was an opportunity 1 I am at Tatter sall's nearly eyery day, and I would be on the look out if 1 knew what yon wapted.' 11 1 don't want anything. There arc pleuty of horses in Devonshire that my wife and 1 cau ride when we're there.' ' But Devonshire isn't the Park, Val.,' pleaded Helen. ' 1 want a horse for the Park, awfully,' whereupon Mr Belfield shrugged his shoulders, and said he would give fifty or sixty guineas for a hack, rather than be bothered j and with this un gracious permission his wife wa6 fain to be coutcut. Three da' s after this conservation, Valen tine found Lord. St. Austell's groom wait ing in front of Wilkic Mansions with a thoroughbred bay horse, which he was gently leading up and down tbe road. 4 His Lordship's compliments, and thisi6 the horse he lias bought for you, sir,' said the man. ' Bavioli, grandson to Macaroni.' Valentine looked the animal over critically. ' It* he 60und ?' be asked. 41 Yes, sir. His Lordship's vet. looked at bim before the sale.' ?' Well, he is very handsome ; and if hi» manners are as good as his looks his Lord h hip has made a good purchase.' Valentine met St. Austell at bis club next da- , and gave him a cheque for fifty-seven gejjucos, at which sum the horse bad been knocked down lo him at TattersaU's. At such a price the animal, if souuel, was an unquestionable bargain. Valentine had ridden him round the How, and had found his pacts admirable, although he was obviouelv overweighted by anuhiug over twelve stone. For a light weight like Helen the horse was pprfcctiyn. ' The yard must have been asleep when -ou bought him,' said Valentine. 4 0b, I knew how to bide my time and watch my opportunity,' answered St. Austell, lightly. 4kI am very glad you're satisfied with my choice.' ' More than satisfied, my dear fellow.' So the matter had ended. Mr Belfield, full of his own schemes, pleasures, and ex citements, had thought no more of the horse, i except to remember that he had made a sacrifice to his wife in bu. ing him, and that she ought lo bu very grateful. i | To-night, looking l«ck at the past in the new light of awakening doubt*, he shrewdly suspected that St. Austell had fooled him^nd that, under the pretence of getting a bargain at Tattersall's, he had presented the woman be admired with a horse that bad cost three times aa touch as her bogband wu willing 1q {my. Aud she bad known the scctet of th ^ transaction, no doubt, and they hal laughed together at tbe hasltand's xneanoets, msd at the ease with which he had been . hood winked. Valentine Belfield almost choked with rage at the idea of bis own blindness. - »4 To think that I should 'be deceived by any woman — above all my wife — the wife I ? won as easily as a pair of gloves— ^and :by heaven, I thonght she was as much my own, as mv glovcB or my hat — as faithful to meas my favorite dog.' , Yet, remembering how easily she had been won, how quickly she hod wavered in her fidelity to Adrian, he coold scarcely wonder that she had faltered in her truth to hln^ St. Austell was laeclaattag, e mas of cmlnontlv seductive manners, deeply read in that modern literature which women appreciate, distinctly a man to pleue women — while he, Valeutine, was a sports roan, caring very little for women's society, and making no sacrifices to please them, despising them rather as a lower order of beings whose nature it was to be suppliant and adorers of the master spirit, man. lie had never thought of Ids wife's love for him as a measurable quantity, whioh he mighL cxhausL 44 She had befcn a fool, and she has been a coquette,' he said to himself, as the train steamed past tbe shabby streets and gaallt windows of northern London, 'but 1 don't believe she has been anything worse. It will be my business to drive ner witn m tighter rein In the future. You have been allowed to go too free, my pet. It must be curb Instead of snaffle, henceforward.' He had business in London which must needs be done before he could look after his wifr. Post card's defeat meant losses -which amounted almost, to financial ruin. Money would have to be raised, and at a sacrifice. He could not bring himself to appeal to his mother for help in a turf -Jifl2culty ; firstly because she hai been very generous to him already, and secondly because there were other difficulties, 'other debts imminent, for which he would be obliged to ask heri assistance. Under these circumstances he went to a Jew monfiv-lender, and involved himself deeply in' order to raise money against «ettling dav. Prom the money-lenders office he went to Tattersall's, where he was almost as wclljkoown as Lord St. Austell. He saw one of the chie.f clerks, a man with whom he had been on familiar terms ever since he had been a frequenter of the famous auction yard. (| 44 There was a horse sold here last April, he said,' 'a thorough-bred bay, grantlson of Macaroni. I want very much to know at what figure that horse was knocked down. I've got a bet upon it.' 44 What's your l»et.f Mr Belfield, if it's not an impertinent question ? ' aBked the man cosily. 14 If it was, I wouldn't mind it from you, Jones,' answered Valentine. ' I've laid two to one that Ravioli fetched over two hun dred.' 44 1 think you're pretty safe, sir, I remem ber the horse. He was one of Captain Poppingay's lot, and they were all good. 'tins. HI turn up tho catalogue in a minute. April 7th, lOtb, litb, yes, here they are, hunters, park hacks, team of coach horses.' He ran his finger down the pages of a cata logue, his practised eye following the figures with amazing rapidity. The prices realised by the horets were written in the margin bc6idc the lot numbers, and the names of the purchasers on the other side of the page. . 44 Bavioli, live years old, thorough-brc ', has been hunted with the Pytchley, carries a J lady,' he read* ' Your mouej's safe, Mr i Belfield, Two hundred and seventy-eight I guineas, Lord Bt, Austell bought him.' ^ | «? That's your tloket,' answered Valentine i lightly, 11 1 thought I was pretty safe. Good j night, a thousand thanks.1 He bad juet time to catch an afternoon train for the West of England, a train which left Waterloo late In the afternoon, and whioh was due at Ohadford-rosd 6tation a little before midnight, It was a slow train, and one by which be would only have travelled in an emergency. He had telegraphed no announcement of his coming, either to his mother or his wife. It was a part of his plan to take Helen by surprise, and he was willing to hasard the difficulty of getting Into a house in which all the servants might have gone to bed before he could arrive. The chances were that Adrian would be in the library, where it was his usual habit to sit reading long after midnight. Chadford-road Station was nearly five miles from the Abhey, and Mr Belfield was in no humor for a long walk. The Station Hotel, a decent inn, which could provide a one-horse fly upon occasions and which called itself a posting-house, was open, ss he went in, ordered a brandy and soda, and a trap to take' bim to the Abbey. The ostler and the flyman were lacy and slow, and Mr Belfield tod to wait a quarter of an hour while t he fly was being got ready. He stood in the bar, drinking his brandy and soda, and talking to the landlady, a large and bloomiog matron of the Devon 'shire dumpling order of beauty, whom he had known from his childhood. ?' i never thought to have the pleasure of waiting upon you to-night, Mr Belfield,*' 11 Bat 1 always wait np for th's train and 6end the girla to beL And yet I'm always the first up of a morning. I've been expecting you down at the Abbey; too, for I saw Mre Beltield driving with her lady ship the other day, as pretty as ever, but looking rather pale and out of sorts, I thought.' ' Yes, she is not over well. She is down here for her health.' (To be Continued Next Wednesday.) 