CHATTER IX.-A SEVEN YEARS SEORET. There was no more [peace for Lady Fenton that night, after her old servant's evil prophecy, and Felice, glancing at her mother-in-law, as the latter re-entered the drawing-room, saw again upon her features that singular look of fear which she had read there on the preceding evening. Even a careful rendering of her own sentimental Irish songs hardly served to dispel the dowager's de pression; and when presently Felice, to the delight of the two men, rattled off the prettiest airs of the most recent Parisian opera-boufe, the elder lady, while nodding her lace head gear approvingly from her seat by the fire, and reiterating 'Charming ! charming !' let her face return tc its former look of gloomy apprehension. Perhaps Maurice was the only one of the four to enjoy himself unre servedly. He had long ago resolutely faced and fought down his disappoint ment concerning William Fenton's legacy, and all recollection of the sub ject was now crowded out of his brain by the new and vivid impression he had since received. This beautiful cousin, with the per fect figure and serious deep grey eyes, interested him to the exclusion of other thoughts. Had he only known her as she now appeared, and as others knew her, well-mannered, self possessed, and gracious, or even in her brighter mood, over the morning's picnic breakfast, he would have liked and admired her heartily, with no more than the artist's and the Irish man's partiality for pretty and plea sand women. But for him already there was another Felice, a lonely, desolate figure, crouching by the dying embers of the fte in a very agony of grief,and sobbing out, in piteous fashion, 'If I could only die !' Less than four hours ago, too, this same Felice, now so daintily arrayed in Parisian millinery-this bright faced, sweet-mannered Felice-was hanging on his arm, wet with rain and mist, and weary in body and mind, dragging her slow footsteps along by his side in perfect silence, with lowered head that he might not see her tear stained eyes. The young man's heart leaped up within him in a. throb of passionate pity at the recollection. Standing behind her at the piano, he longed for an opportunity of proving by some gallant deed his chivalrous devotion. Thrashing her husband was, how ever, the highest flight of fancy to which his knight-errant imagination carried him; and that Robert Fenton should be her husband was in itself a monstrous and almost incredible fact in Maurice's eyes. For the present, however, Robert le Diable was absent, and could be for gotten. But for her marriage, too, this most sympathetic and delightful girl would never have found herself within Stoneroyd's cold, grey walls. And so Maurice was happy - far happier than Felice, who was trying to forget, or thaw old Lady Fenton, to whom forgetting was impossible. As to Marcus, he was twelve years older, and less easily satisfied than Maurice, and the thought of to morrow, that fatal twenty-ninth of November, and of all he had missed by the return of Robert Fenton, and by his marriage with this pale, fascin ating personage in pale blue, weighed upon the poet's spirits, Still, with all its drawbacks, this was a gala night at Stoneroyd, when contrasted with the ordinary monoton ous quiet of the house. 'Eh ! but you've cheered the place oop,' exclaimed Louisa Greet, as she presented herself at the door of the dressing-room when Felice retired to bed. 'Are you sure uh can't do any thing for yer? Lady Fenton, she's 'avin' a chat with Mr Marcus, so she don't want me just now. Eh ! but yer do play the planny wonderful! Ah luv.a toon myself. Ah wish you was going to stay, moom. We'd take a deal o' cheerin' in this 'ere 'aunted old well.' In spite of her rough familiarity, her loud voice, and her unattractive exterior, there was a real kindliness about Louisa's manner, and a genuine ring in her openly-expressed admira tion, which won upon Felice. Besides, she dreaded to be left alone with the necessarily sad and anxious company of her own thoughts. She therefore smiled upon Louisa, who needed but this encouragement to enter the room, shutting the door behind her. You don't seem very fond of Stone royd,' Felice remarked. Truth to tell, she was not destitute of the quality which is popularly supposed to char acterise her sex alone, and among the many mysteries of this mysterious house there was one which specially excited her curiosity. 'But what makes you call it haunted?' she enquired, Louisa brightened visibly at this opening for gossip. ' You said you ain't easily frightened or ah wouldn't tell yer,' she said, mysteriously, coming nearer to Felice. But you've seen them stone quarries, outside ? Don't you never talk of 'em before my lady or Mr Marcus, nor Mr Maurice neither, for he ain't too fond o' t' soobject. ' Seven years ago, just sich a morn ing as it might be to-day,misty-like an' cold there were the three yoong gentle. men all at home-Master Robert, who'd coom back after his father's death, and Master Marcus, who was ony here on a visit, as a' didn't live at Stoneroyd mooch then, and Master Maurice, as wild as a yoong colt, a great boy, all arms and legs. Then thur wur my lady, an' Margaret, an' me, an' old Grierly down to the lodge, and last '-here Louisa lowered her voice, and glanced once nervously over her shoulder - 'last there wur young Ned Grierly, his nephew- him that's dead an' they do say murdered.' ' Murdered ! ' echoed Felice, pale with horror. 'Here?' 'Ootside o' these 'ere walls, stiff an' stark in the stone quarry on a winter's morning, lying all o' a heap on his back, wt' his eyes starin' oop, an' his throat cut from ear to ear. 'Twas old Margaret found him. She 'ad bad dreams that night, an' couldn't sleep. There's a door in our wall 'ere, close oop again the quarry-our back door like, near the kitchen wall; then cooms a lane, and then the quarries. 'On this 'ere morning early, Margaret, cooming down in the gray light, saw the kitchen door, as ah myself had locked the night before, open a bit, and the key ah'd left on a nail by the fireplace in the lock. It wasn't six o'clock, an' Margaret wur fair capped. Something seized her like, and made her tremble afoor she knew anythink for sure. 'Oot she went, an' found the back door open too. Soomthing took her on, so she said, to the stone quarries. But when she'd seen it,and coom quiet-like an told me, ah found myself all the ground across the lane to the edge of the pit crunched oop and trodden down like, as if there'd been a struggle, an' foot-marks all the way. An' ah took a spade from our tool-house, an' smoothed the foot-marks oot, after ah'd seen it too.' 'What made you do that P' asked Felice, sharply. 'It was after ah'd measured 'em the boot-marks, ah mean-and found whose feet would fit the tread that wur there on the earth alongside o' Ned's.' ' Mon Dieu I' burst from Felice' s white lips. 'Do you know what you are saying-what you are hinting ? You are almost telling me that some one in this household-someone whom i I know, and whom you know, too-is I a murderer !' c Eh, don't take on like that, noom ! That's joost like me. Ah oughtn't to have told yer. An' when it all coom oot in the newspapers :-' Mysterious 1 death of a man-servant in a country r house near Clofield." Eh, ah remem- I ber seeiu' it as if it wur yesterday It 1 said as how nobody had no motive for i killing him, an' a' moost a' killed his self. ' We wur all fetchead cop to the in quiry ; but they got never a bit o' truth from Margaret nor me, ah will say that, nor wouldn't they have't t they'd a' taken us to the stake for if. t An' nobody but us knows a word aboot x the young gentlemen's quarrels wi'Ned, 1 who was a rare bad 'un in his way, although a' was ony nineteen or so. But it's ill work fouling a dead man's i name. And now his room, that's e opposite yours here, is locked oop, and t no one ever speaks of him, and ony old Margaret has seen his ghost for certain 'And the enquiry, as they called it, made 'em noon the wiser. For it coom oot that Ned haa fits as a child, an' 'twas brought in suicide, an' ooshed oop like. But folks talked all the same, an' there has been nothing but bad luck, bad luck for Stoneroyd ever since ! But there, moom, don't look so dazed like. Cheer oop, moom. All the story was a long while ago, an' ah've nigh forgotten it. And, maybe, you'll change the luck at Stoneroyd. Ah'm sure you're bonny enoof.' Lady Fenton's high, quavering voice, calling for Louisa in an impa tient.and,as it seemed to Felice, appre hensive key, deprived the latter of any more enlivening discourse on such appropriate night subjects as murder, mystery, and disembodied spirits. Felice was not specially nervous or fanciful, but it would be idle to pretend that Louisa's dismal gossip, told in this dreary house, and under these unsatisfactory circumstances, did not produce upon her mind a deep and intensely painful impression. For the first time in her life, Felice found herself starting and trembling at every trifling sound, and longing for the morning light to dispel the nameless fears which seemed to hover in the very air she breathed. Of the terrible inference to be drawn from Louisa's story, Felice hardly dared to think. Only two conclsions were possible. Either Ned Grierley's murderer was sleeping this night under the same roof which had once sheltered his victim, or else she, Felice, was the wife, of a cowardly assassin. In the ghastly light thrown by Louisa's words, a dozen little incidents which Felice had noted since her arrival at Stoneroyd, began to assume sinister aspects in her mind. The stony silence in which she herself, as Robert's wife, had been at first received; the refusal of his mother to give him shelter, even for one night, under the same roof as herself, and that half threat of hers to reveal her reasons for so doing to his bride; the fear in Lady Fenton's eyes; the pity in Maurice's; and Louisa's openly-expressed astonish ment at her marriage; all these recollections crowded simultaneously into Felice's brain with maddening significance. Rest would have been impossible, even without that murmur of talk carried on, as it seemed, without intermission for hours long, in the adjoining room. Lady Fenton's querulous interroga tions, and Louisa's loud-voiced replies, constituted a monotonous accompani ment to Felice's fearful imaginings, and when, long after daybreak, sleep at length clased Cher eyelids dreams more vaguely horrible than even her waking fancies took their place. The church bells, ringing for morn ing service, awoke her to a grey and cheerless day. Within and without the house the same gloom prevailed. Every inmate of it waited in uneasy half-expectation of a visit from ' Robert le Diable,' as Lady Fenton's younger son had been dubbed from his childish days. This trial was, however, spared to them, and the day passed away in groundless suspense. Not until dinner was Marcus visible, and, as soon as the meal was over, he vanished again, to smoke and solitude in his study. His manner towards Felice sugges ted the same blending of sentiment and courtesy as on the previous day; but he was absent-minded and mourn ful. The chilly dampness of the weather reminded him, by force of contrast, too clearly of what he had lost in William Fenton's legacy, with less than a tithe of which he might have lived luxuriously for a year in the sunny south. Maurice, for his part, was less cheerful than usual. He had risen early, as was his custom on Sundays, and had spent the greater part of the day in a long ramble with Tweedie. Returning late in the afternoon, he fonrud no sign of life in the drawing. room, or of dinner in the dining room. The company of Marcus, in one of his fits of melan'choly self-pity, was noL to Maurice's taste. The younger man had his own regrets, as was but natural where such a windfall was concerned. Also, the thought that his cousin Robert, whose very name was an offence to this hot-spirited youth, might appear during the evening to make himself generally obnoxious, and, possibly, to take his wife away with him, was a sufficient damper on Maurice's spirits, apart from any other cause for depression. (To be Continued.) 