"TRUTH" THINKS That ex-Chief Railway Commissioner Speight won't know what to do with his verdict now that he's got it. That Stipendiary Magistrate Giles was not far wrong when he described the alien hawker nuisance as being "a curse to the country, and a worse pest than the rabbits." That rabbits can be poisoned, whereas the alien hawker, in his leprous touch can spread poison wherever he goes. That the Board of Health should have an eye to the possible introduction of "Java fever" into insanitary Sydney. That the double fatality at Melbourne, by which Minnie McLennan and the cyclist Satchell found a watery grave, was the saddest of all the sad events that have [...]rred the festivities of the New Year. That, even at Randwick, horse-owners study the art of losing races more than the science of winning—a con- torted circumstance which is helping to bracket horse-racing with thieving, card-sharping and the other felonious accomplishments of the day and gen- eration. That the sporting world lost an energetic servant and patron by the untimely death of Mr. G. [...] Rowley. That if every aggrieved wife "took the time from" M [...] Hyde, of Newcastle, and laid her offending husband low, the colony would be overrun with weeping widows. That Doctor Re[...]ick's "post mortem" knighthood is the cause of much merri- ment in social, medical, and political circles. That the Reverend J. B. Carruthers, of West Maitland, is not many miles astray in his estimate of colonial Government and Parliaments as an incubus and a burden on free people, That when Parliament meets on the 17th, there will be "Milton's Lost Arch- angel" to [...]ay, with the political pitch at very white heat. That there is great danger of Mr. Glad- stone's t[...]norous complaints proving fatal. That the corpse discovered at Narrabeen suggests mystery that the detective force should endeavor to unravel. That the Imperial authorities will even- tually "[...]de" the Dutch Govern- ment to [...]ably re-imburse Captain Carpe[...] the act of international injustice [...] part of the Batavian bandit[...] That the [...] have secured all the oyster, and all the shell, too, in the Speigh-Syme libel action. That [...] of imprisoning "Old Dad," the [...] should arrest some of his t[...]s. That Duncan Edwards, of Waverley, hit it on the head when he de- nounced the cruelty of the custom — now much in vogue among munici- pal [...] — of advertising for strangers to [...] offices, for which the suc- cessful applicant is selected days before the vacancy is advertised, That the British House of Lords, in ex[...] temporary legislative con- cessions from the House of Commons by [...]ning to reject all the re- ma[...] measures of the Session, is sharpening the razor that will someday sever the jugular of the House of Peers. That [...] Stead's vituperative assault on the ladies of Chicago — whose lords [...] damned — was intended to be, and [...] a cheap and nasty advertise- ment for the "Review of Reviews." That while a bankrupt's certificate is in abeyance, the ruined man's shabbiness of attire is conspicuous. That when the certificate is granted by the indulgent Registrar, the shabby man is re-constructed, and does the block in attire gorgeous enough to make even Solomon blink both eyes with envy. That the vacant secretaryship of the Sydney School of Arts is being can- vassed for to such an extent that many meritorious candidates are withdrawing from the competition in disgust. That the army of cadgers and wall- polishers who infest the entrances to the leading hotels should be merci- fully shunted off' to the Poor House, in the hope that a brief sojourn there would revive their self-respect and renew their waning manhood, That ex-Mayor John Harris — while not envious of Mayor Manning's ele- vation — has a right to complain of favoritism on the part of those who [...] [...] That the Knighthood conferred on Mayor Manning must be very pleasing to ex- Mayor Burdekin. That, in the absence of a bridge or sub- way at so populous a suburb as Kogarah, the railway authorities are responsible for the injuries to life and limb arising from the contact of high-speed trains with unfortunate people compelled to cross that dangerous line of traffic. That a number of Mr. Want's consti- tuents are annoyed to find that the new toll-bar received Executive sanc- tion at his pressing request. That Mayor Manning owes his knight- hood largely to the fact that he is the collector and colonial agent for Earl Rosebery and Earl Carnarvon, who both hold very large junks of property in the city of Sydney. That Imperialism generally gives Aus- tralianism a back-hander or a bribe. That Parkes is hanging back to see which constituency Dibbs chooses, and then, if he has a ghost of a chance, he'll run against him. That the announcement by the Abori- gines Protection Board, that at the blacks' camp at Brungle, drunkenness is on the decrease and gambling on the increase, will satisfy some people and shock others. That Western Queensland squatters are justified in protesting against the stock tax, which is used to bolster up private meat-export works in Bris- bane. That the Government expectation of a majority when Parliament meets will be more than realised. That the Premier's business-like way of dealing with Judge Fitzhardinge's re- commendations concerning the Regis- trar-General's department will have an excellent effect on other branches of the service. That no new Justices of the Peace should be appointed, that the present system should be abolished, and that none but paid magistrates should adjudicate even in petty cases. That there's something in Royalty business when Humbert of Italy can lodge £2,000,000 to his credit in a London bank. That the Victorian Lord's Day Ob- servance Society would be doing move valuable service if, instead of trying to stop Sunday trains, they en- deavored to suppress Patterson. That the English Postmaster-General should recognise the Vancouver ser- vice as a mail route. That the Premier and the Minister for Agriculture are to be complimented for the watchful eye they are keeping on Phylloxera. That the Water and Sewerage Board, having the use of the local council's assessments for striking its rates, should bear a proportion of the cost of preparing the same. That nothing should be left undone to prevent the existence of polluted wells on dairy premises. The Board of Health cannot be too rigid in its in- spection. That the presence of 2000 notorious Anarchists in France plainly shows what the world is coming to. That Dibbs is wise in his generation in opposing the "contingent vote." That such a vote would operate in the most antagonistic manner possible to true Democracy. That the Agricultural Society should see that the workmen recently em- ployed on their behalf do not suffer loss through the bankruptcy of the intervening sub- contractor. That President Cleveland will get into hot water over his action in at- tempting to restore the Hawaiian monarchy. That the name of the member of the School of Arts committee who is said to have borrowed about £200 from the late secretary, Cyril Haviland, should be made public, or that the members of the committee should individually and collectively deny queer rumors now current. That there is nary a Coroner in New South Wales who would have spoken as Dr. Youl spoke concerning the suicide of the young woman Annie McLellan, and the subsequent action of her sweetheart. That the man for whom a woman has sacrificed her honor, should have no compunction in telling a lie to screen her past follies. That the man who wouldn't tell such a lie is not worthy of a woman's love. That the way the fair-sex are "button- holing" members of the committee on behalf of their several protegés, is an indication of the awful agonies in store for mankind when the ladies become [...] with the electoral [...] 