SPOILT AND PLAY. BT * OLYMPUS." . -— I WAS on my road to the Richmond Cricket' Giound last Saturday to witness W. II. and Tatchell playing " ye rnanlyo game," when J, learnt from Secretary Hanna that Williainj .was not taking part in the match that day, atidjo I dropped off the tram opposite the Mansion bfy§ir William Clarke and proceeded to the Carltonarid* Melbourne tryst, on the Melbourne CricWt/ Ground, instead. And when I went there it was with the full intention of proceeding over to the East Melbourne Ground at about 4 o'clock to witness South and East vieing for supremacy. But, as events transpired, I hadcometo the Melbourne pavilion to stay; the bold front presented by the Carlton boys (and as Frank Mitchell says "they are only boys," after all) completely anchoring me for the afternoon. Despite the dispiriting surroundings, I bad enjoyed myself at the New South Wales match—it would be a rum Christmastime that a fellow couldn't enjoy himself; and I had experienced a great treat in the battle 'twixt Victoria and South Australia. But still last Saturday's exposition gave me more unalloyed pleasure than even the Intercolonial matches. In the first place I witnessed much better fielding on the part of the Carltonians than characterised tho play when tho " talent" were supposed to be disporting themselves. In this connection the exhibition of the North-countrymen couldn't well have been improved upon. Each lad was as active and spry as a kitten, whilst the returns to the wicket from the out-field were really masterpieces of precision. And—talk about Catching! Christopher Columbus ! You should have been there to see young Hickey snavel Hugh M'Lcan at square-log off a low-down clout, the impact of which knocked him clean on to his " redundancy." Hughey said, as he returned to the dressingroom, that he " didn't quite get hold of it;" but if he didn't it was just as well as it was, seeing that had heismoto it any harder and Hickey but chanced to miss it, he would have had a hole bored through liim—sure as fate. I can assure you on the word of an onlooker who saw both catches made that it took rank alongside T. J. D. Kelly's marvellous performance at point the afternoon he caught Billy Caffyn ("the Pride of Surrey") off Prank Allan. I don't mean to sav it was anything approaching such a wonderful effort as th< but still it was made in the same line, albeit at short square-leg instead of at point. Hardly less inferior either was the dexterity with which he went for and brought a " beauty » which got rid of Jem Phillips, tie ball going ever short slip's bead, but being secured by ffickey at deep Ion* sjip " J J 1 ' HOWEVEB, the afternoon's play (save and except for a few dust storms and intermittent rain-showers) was of so uniformly excellent a character that I must go through the bill of tbe performance item by item as it were. Charley Ross (the Melbourne skipper) was fortunate enough to wiu the toss, and, of course, he took advantage of the excellent wicket, and despatched t rank Walters and Hughey Trumble to bat. As soon as I noticed these two warriors deploy into the arena I immediately filled up the " dudeen " and prepared for action. And it came right enough—only on the part of Trumble; as for \\\ alters—well, he was evidently determined that there would bo no more cases of running out or running into his wickets recorded against him this season at all events. I never remember seeing Prank to worse advantage between the wickets in my life. And that's a Terribly Bold Statement to make—is it not? If he lost a run whilst he and the "long un" were together, he lost 20—there now! And yet tho tens mounted up, although Carlton were fielding like demons, and Pullar, Kenny, Muuins, Warne, Kolfe and Ellis trundled »6 if each of them had a thousand pounds depending on the result. BUT Trumble was in splendid fettle with the bat, and of course Frank Walters can play cricket when he likes; and so the music went on until 103 runs were hoisted on the scoringboard, when Mullins got one past Trumble, who retired with a creditably"compiled score of /l. Hughey M'Loan came next, but after making hall -a-dozen he lashed out at a leg ball from Pullar and was caught by Hickey as before stated. Charley Koss didn't trouble the scorers to any extent, as after he had made a couple he gave Ellis a chance off Pullar which sealed hiB fate, Walters brought bis tally up to CI by some smart strokes when Tie found himself partnered by Billy Bruce; but then he lifted thfcsoftoBt of softthings toHickey at square-leg, and returned on the back wack, Pullar being credited with another wicket, Bruce hasn't once shaped like the Bruce of old this season ; that's throughout an innings. At times on Saturday, no doubt, he showed out with all his former brilliancy—especially with the backcut, about the sweetest thing in batting as Bruce expounds it. But altogether his display was far below his customary form, and eventually he whanged one high up in the air, which the bowler (Kenny) took all sorts of good care to " annex," retiring Bruce for 37. Charley M'Leod, too, was evidently ill at case during his short stay at the wickets; and after scoring two he played a couple of balls back to Kenny, the second of which that trundler " froze on" to like death to a dead nigger. At thig sta f tho ffiatt(jrs )]ad asBumod a decidedly sombre hue with the homa and w J ere not jmproved upon when Jem phil] ie]ded up' the h ost ( bt ffick >JOwled Xi.olf«) immediately afterwarJs for IG. But then Jack Blackham and Peryman entered into partnership, and thi *B hum. Jack Blackh H am was specially made afc the outset of thi6 career, and as ev tri ,et and quarteUo had to he run Qut to ^ bitter ^ (both ^ faj sprinters between tbe wickets) j Vgan to fear that Peryman's stamina might fail him under the severe pressure, and that I should be deprived of a pleasure I had been anxiously waiting for during the season of seeing W. H. Peryman's lad acquitting himself without bad luck befalling him Because quite a number of my friends, who are JSret-class judges, assured uie that young Pery- ./gySta^as the most promising rising batsman and Victoria, but that his luck in pennant matcnep n.p to the present this season had been 'depressjju;an the extreme. However, I soon got r any*. Realms " and "doubts" as to his '^tfeMows J,^etting out of order; for on getting his'sep'ond wind he kept whizzing them out past ,cover-point in a style that made Jack Blackham t;a,ie his " seconds" to recover, suffering Job ! Young Peryman is a " big schnapper " to leg; but he's a perfect " whale " 0,1 **he And how does he keep the high ones down! Oh, I tell you he's got an old napper on those young shoulders of his. JACK BLACKHAM did skyroodle two or three bumpy ones up in the slips, though fortunately for him they were too "sudden" to be secured; but Peryman never gave the ghost of a chance. And, mind you, the Carlton bowlers were not sending down rubbish — far from it; whilst their fielding was without reproach. Nevertheless, every now and again the ball would be skelped to the chains, or else the four would be run clean out, until at last, with his individual score at 1)9 and the Melbourne total at 312 Blackham had the bad luck to drag a ball on to bis wicket when making a cut and came in amongst the heartiest demonstrations of approval. There's no doubt his innings was a *'here's-to-you" sort of an exhibition; but still there was a lot of generalship displayed in his placing of the ball; whilst ever and anon his words of encouragement to the youngster who was acquitting himself so creditahly proved to demonstration how thoroughly the Master Wicketkeeper of the World eschews Self when playing a game of cricket. Jennings joined Pervman just before half-past six o'clock, and when the time for closing plav arrived Melbourne had eight wickets down for 318 runs, C. H. Peryman being not out with a masterly compilation of 51 to his credit, whilst P. G. Jennings hadn't had time to trouble the scorers. T> w <. -IU , ,, , , , ° N Melbourne ground the local team J 8 S ? n I". 1 t h e 1 0 8 6 " S o «th Melbourne,and on tikmg possession of the \- wer f J 51^11 ? f °. rtun » te ,"!,- f 1^1'™ 1 f'T v* the slips (off Ingloton). P W " K , to t^ese mu-shps (so to speak) 43 runs were fisted on the board prior to a separation being ° ffected l ^'Michael being eventually held by £ emp at T Sh ? ^ T? U S u. I?' ^ J "\ ne , d , PerCy LeW1S ^ between them the East Mel- ^ ^vann f d 102 ' wh en , Harr^ bowled by Over aft6r playing a good innings for 20. A notlier fine stand was made by Laver and Lewis, the latter, who gave a "slashing" exhibition of batting, marred m the earlier portion thereof by some chances in the long-field which were not availed of, eventually dragging a ball from Kemp on to bis wicket when only f> runs short ot the coveted" century." Charley Letcher succeeded Lewis, and made affairs particularly lively for a while, putting together 22 in "quick sticks," but falling a victim (caught Mortis, bowled Kemp) in over-anxiety to force the scoring, Vautin next became associated with Laver, who kept popping on the runs in rare style, albeit ho had to thank tbe remissness of the fielders on a couple of occasions he ought to have been caught before reaching three figures. Vautin appeared to be thoroughly set, and was also getting on like a house afire, until a leg-before decision (Morris bowling) was given against him, and he retired with 47 to "MB credit. Costello had only time to score 2 when .the time for drawing stumps arrived, Laver being then not out with 110, the East Melbourne tally being 341 for the loss of only five wickets The South Melbourne fielding was deplorably bad, the solitary exception being lngleton, a bowler whom the irony of fate decreed to sustain the most dispiriting luck in the shape of chances being missed off him. FiTzitoy and North Melbourne met on the ground of the latter, the spin of tho coin once more favouring the home team, for whom George Stuckey and Mapleetono strode forth to do battle, "Mape" did not battle to any great extent, however, as after making 9 ho played a ball from Bob Mitchell on to bis wicket and Harry Stuckey took his place. After scoring 10 the newcomer lost the number of his mess through being ran out; and just as Erney Bean was beginning to give the Fitzroy bowling "particular beans" he snicked a fast 'unfrom M'Kirdy which Hastings foreclosed on at the wickets, the misadventure retiring Bean for 15. This brought tbe ight worthy captain, Takadrinka Houston, into vidence, as a result of which 38 more runs were dded to the tally when George Stuckey made a eautiful stroke to leg off Schmidt and was plendidly caught by Brooks, the effort putting an nd to a sterling innings which had yielded 49 runs, and was promising to pan out many more when it was brought to such a summary conclusion. I. Drape wasn't long ere he got his "eye" in either, and between he and bis captain a marvellously skilful exposition of batting elicited repeated plaudits, a delivery of Bob Mitchell's which "shot" on touching the turf causing Drape's dismissal with a brilliantly achieved score of 4-8 to his account. Jack Carlton was run out for 1, and on this run out's head another run out accumulated, Houston being got rid of by an umpire's decision to that effect, after amassing OS without giving the semblance ot ashadow of a chance. Howlett likewise has to be complimented on his display, his contribution of 34 (not out) being the outcome of playing the game on the lines laid down by the immortal Kilferbekeck. Fox (8) was the other not out man when hostilities ceased for the afternoon, North Melbourne having then 201 runs to their credit with three wickets still to fall. The Northerners deserve every credit for the bold front they displayed, as their opponents fielded in excellent fashion, whilst it was a sheer matter of impossibility to take undue advantage of the howling. OWINO to the 'Varsity lads havimr to visit Sydney next week for the annual Inter-University Cricket Match the tussle between St. Kilda and University was commenced at twelve o'clock noon last Saturday, the University ground being the scene of tho encounter, and the visitors lucky enough to win the toss. Kelly and Keogh opened up operations on behalf of the Saints, but after making T out of a total of 11 Keogh was bowled by D. M'Leod. This was a very auspicious start for the "University ; but it failed to continue, no less than eight of the opposing team getting into double figures, as follows:—Kelly, caught Sutherland, bowled M'Leod, 08; Smith, caught Jlackinnon, bowled M'Leod, 37 ; M'Shane, bowled Lewis, 27; Fitzpat.rick, caught Guthrie, bowled M'Leod, 27; Wilson, les-before-wicket, bowled Francis, 20; Russ, caught Moyeey, bowled Philpott, 20; Tandy, bowled M'Leod, ]'<); and llitchie, run out, 10. Dean being caught by Guthrie »1T Francis for 2 caused Woodhouse to be not out without scoring; but to make up for these deficiencies our old friend "sundries." came to the rescue with 321'.), and the Saints' first innings assumed the very fair dimensions of 275 runs, play then ceasing for the day, not to be resumed again until 12 o'clock noon on Saturday, 3rd February. THE fielding of the University team was about their " worst on record," several easy catches being missed, and quite a number of possible runsout being " mulled." No less than seven howlers were tried as well, Francis coming out with the best average—two for !); D. M'Leod capturing five for 77 ; Philpott, one for 20, and Lewis, one for 37. TAKING advantage of the Ormoud boys being out of tho Boyle and Scntt Cup competition, Essendon included F. Blackham (brother to the Illustrious .lack of that ilk) Rnd Chrystal in their team against 1'ort Melbourne, and witli tho happiest results, Blackham putting together 07 for them without losing his wicker, whilst Chrystal knocked up fi7 before being bowled by Purvis. Along with these T. Roberts (bowled Erskine) >vas responsible for 35, and A. J. Tburgood for 34, whilst sundries amounted to 21. E. Fox was bowled bv Aughtie for s, W. Smith caught by Purvis otY Anjihtie for G, Alf Carlton disposed of in manner similar for 4, E. Houden bowled by Erskine for 2, and \V. Barilby bowled by Knox for 1; whilst E. Hunter was 5 (not out); Essendon having eight wickets down for 2!0 ruus. The Port Melbourne ground was the scene of the encounter. THE Williaiufctown boys journeyed to Richmond minus the services of W. H. Williams, and experienced the greatest difficulty in etfecting a separation between the first twobatsmen (Tatchell and Wade) who waded to the creases on behalf of the yellow and black. '.Catchall's 77 (hit wicket) is described to me as being a perfect innings, and one which should (taken in conjunction with his previous performances this season, as also previous seasons, with tbe bat) bring him into special prominence when the selection committee of the V.C.A. are casting around for promising candidates l'or intercolonial honours. Wade's 30 was the outcome of sturdy hatting, Warren at last administering to him his "unhappy" despatch. Tritten was bowli-d by Hannah for S, whilst Grubb caught Whitehead off his own bowling before he had cracked his "duck"; but L. Keogh (bowled Grubb, lfi). Oox (not out, 17), Rutherford (run out, 14), Dickson (caught G. Hannah, bowled Grubb, 12) and G. Turner (bowled Warren, 10) all got into double figuies, whilst sundries_svas " welly clo'" with s; so that, although ''Wilkinson was bowled by Warren without scotiog -and a'place was kept for Lynes (who was/unavoidably absent), the Richmond score tottj3jJ;|un»-the even 2ml. Charley Grubb and WaiygttWclr'secured three wickets for 50 runs, Han naif takinjfrtwo for V.I. WILLIAJTSTOWN SefeK Miinjiy for a " cypher,' through Wade snavoHi-ng £ifn ojL j'urner; but George Hannah scorbo^coyplc ot ityzcn prior to the two Richmond uien^snititfpg/it a case of "chassey-rewersay " by Ttifler..8G'curiug him off Wade. Henderson had reached IS when Keogh had him leg-betore-wicket; and just as he had achieved the "baker's dozen" Tatchell caught Warren off Keogh, the same trundler cleanbowling Wright for 10. Sundries once more layed an important part, no less than 1'J figuring on the Williamstown score-sheet, five wickets eing down for 99 runs at the close of tbe afternoon's play ; C. Grubb and Hampshire being tho ot-out men, with 12 and 3 respectively. IT was particularly " hard lines" for Tatchell o lose bis wicket in such a fashion, as the ball he wiped at to leg was just upon being a wide, and n the act of swinging his bat round be displaced he stumps and the bails. TUB Fourth Round in tho Senior Pennants Competition was brought to a conclusion on Otli inst., tbe following being the positions of the clubi they entered on the Fifth Round :— -c • Name of Club. S. ! p • jj £ ; o i i-i *** ! A Division. ; North Melbourne •)• i 4 i 0 East Melbourne •i- 3 ! 1 South Melbourne 4 2 : •> Fitzroy •1- Melbourne •1 1 | 3 Carlton •!• 0 . •(• 1 U Division. University 4 .1 1 Essendou 1- :) l St. Kilda 4 :i 1 Richmond 4 WilliaTOSiown 4 1 Port Melbourne 4 o '. -1 FOLLOWING out my usual plan append two tables showing tho specific pevforro&nci;! of the clubs iu the two divisions at the termination of the FOURTH 1! IU.VU. t-s - r- 1 - " - j = c NorthMeHiourne -... East Melbourne W South Melbourne I. Fitzroy Melbourne ... W W I Carlton ... L 1 ... \YI \V iW';2000 L W| ... w .1-500 I; W, ... \\\\-;l-000 ... W j L L j!*000 L ... ! L ...•!> iiou L ... i L ' . — University Essendon St. Kilda Richmond Williamstown... Port Mel bourne L \V L \V L W W W W ! L 1-50H ... W ' W I ... • 1*500 i. • ! w ' l-oon ..II, 0*500 : L l!L i. THE two cased ot ridiculous decisions on tho part of pennant umpires, which occurred on Satuidiiv, theOch inst. -trivial as tliey wero under the special ciivuinstanccs sunounding each—only tend to show the soundness of my cunteution a few weeks ba,':k, that individuals like lien .laiuet., who are thoroughly c<iav<}rttnt with every phase of cricket, should receive morn consideration than they do when they apply for the position of umpire. Instead of their being appointed, however, their applications are pass id over— \ritl,<,ut ITL'JI the ciwi-tesij nj acl:nuu°Udymrnt—and some hobble-de-liov or other receives the appointment, his only credenti.-il for tliu position perchance being that at some time or other lie happened to have the rare good fortune to belong to a club reprosentei on tb*) association, and was seized of the fact that it was usual to strike at the ball with tho blade of the b it- and not with the handle. You talk alxiut putting Round Men into Square Holes! ,So h"lp me, Jimmy Johnson, 1 am beginning to be of the opinion that it would be be all tbe better if other things besides the holes were "square" in the transaction. THUS a recent issue of the.tire in connection with the attendance at the topof Elizabeth-street when tho start tor the Cyclists' Road Race took place :— "At the starting point there was a lan'D assemblage of bicylists, a spice of novelty bciiig added to the gathering by the appearance of a duzeii ladies mounted on tandem safeties. Following in the wake of their French Fisters, the English women of to-day are rapidly taking up the cycling craze, and many of them, judging from the performance ot' Miis Reynolds, a 10 year old girl, who recently rode a 'pneumatic bike" from Brighton to London and back, are becoming experts at pedalling. Of course the adoption of a suitable costume lias been the principal reason which has prevented athletic women from indulging iu the exercise, but it appears they have at last crossed the Rubicon, and now take to road bicycling dressed in full .knickerbockers, with stockings to match the colour of tho cloth, gaiters of the siiuie material and a Norfolk jackct or blouse. 