Fruitgrowers' Union of N.S.W. Meeting at Parramatta- Tho monthly meeting of tbe Fruitgrowers' Union was held at Parramatta on Saturday afternoon last. A tpeoial general meeting of members bad also been called for the same date, for the purpose of discussing some proposed alterations to the rules, under a motion proposed some three months ago by,,Mr. G. Boasley. ' " • There were present: Messrs. W. Oox (who in the absence of Mr. President C. B. Cairnes, occupied the chair), G. Boasley, G. Franks, G. E. Hooke, C. W. Mills, W. H. Pnrkiss, J. Saundercook, G. Stimson, and the secretary, Mr. E. Whitaker. COBHESPOHDRHOB. From J. D. Lanfcester, secretary of the Albury Vine and Fruitgrower's Association, enclosing a series of resolutions passed by that body concerning the sale of fruit, the gist of which, as already published, was a project against the present method of selling country and intercolonial consignments of fruit in Sydney, as it is unjust and detrimental to the best interest of tbe fruit trade for' any firm to act in the double capacity of commission agent and merchant, or buyer and seller of the same goods ; and expressing the hope that steps wonld be taken to bring about a change.—Received. Mr. G. StimBon defended the agent*, and maintained that the best possible results were brought about by tbe New South Wales method, There were so many in the trade that it was next to impossible for Berious mistakes to occur. From Mr. Thomas Cross, of Jindera, complaining of the method of selling fruit which new obtains in Sydney. He had had experience in England, Amerioa, and Australia, and could, without the slightest hesitation, affirm that the present wholesale method of conducting the trade in Sydney is tha worst in the world. He strongly condemned the practice of Sydney firms acting as salesmen and fruit merchants, and hoped the nnion would take some steps to bring about healthy co-operation amongst the fruitgrowers, and an improvement in existing arrangements.—Received. Messrs. Boasley, Saundercook, G. Stimson, and Hollier offered remarks upon both letters, which were subsequently ordered to stand over until next meeting. From O. B. Cairnes (president), stating that he had shipped to London, ex Oratava, one oaee of Sturmer apples, packed in ti-tree, at a cost to himstlf of £1 Is 6d; also, that a similar case hsd been shipped to Normanton (Q.), by Mr. JaB. Burns, of Gowan Brae, free. Also, drawing attention to the prospects of tbe coming season ; and diseaseB in trees, and suggesting certain remedies which might be tried.— pon this, the secretary introduced some printed papers concerning several remedies, jut some members were disposed to pasB sneering observations thereon, so tbe papers were ordered to repose on the table indefinitely. From Mr. Harvey, resigning his position as councillor, on tbe ground that he cannot attend Saturdays, and had only been present once.—Received,;with regret. MB . BOABLBY'S PETITION. Two meetings ago, Mr. Boasley presented a petition for a special meeting to be called, to consider the alteration of certain rules, and general reconstruction of the nnion. It was rejected, on the groundB that some who had signed it had not paid their subscription. Last meeting, Mr. Boasley did not attend, and tbe affair had to stand over. On this ocoasion, the petition bore the names of eighteen paid up members; so it was received, and read by the secretary. Mr. Boasley proceeded to disens the matter, when— Tbe chairman drew attention to the fact that the time of the speoial meeting had now arrived, and there was not a quorum present. He said it appeared strange, that out of the eighteen who had signed, only seven had attended, namely — Messrs. Boasley, Hooke, Sanndercock, Franks, Mills, Stimson and PurkisB. He thought that the absence of the others looked as though they were treating tbe matter with contempt. Mr. Boasley explained that he had been to considerable expense and trouble in obtaining the signatures, and again started to discuBs bis project. Mr. Hooke objected. It was only a waste of time. A quorum was not present, and there was not the ghost of a chance of any more members arriving; some were in town, but they had no intention of attending. The chairman thought Mr. Boasley could explain his views in a preliminary w.iy. Mr. Hooke said that waa no good, except to waste time; as the same ground would have to be Igone over again. He moved, " That tbe matter be referred to the next general meeting." Seconded by Mr. C. W. Mills, and carried. ACCOUNTS. , The usual accounts'were passed for payment. In answer to a question, "BB to how tbe funds stood, the secretary replied that, in the absenoe of the treasurer, he could not say. He would, however, prepare a statement for presentation to tbe next meeting. The council then adjourned. 