THE 1IEV. FATHER LE REN- NETEL'S OPINION. At this juncture the writer showed to Mrs. Mellon a letter handed to him for publication an hour previously by tho Rev. Father Lo Rennetel, who has for some time past been interested in the spiritualis tic question, and lias, in point of fact, de livered several lectures with the object of denouncing it. The letter, which was addressed to the editor of "The Daily Telegraph." and headed "Wonderful Mani festations," reads as follows: — Perhaps, after ihe ought.-to- he-expoeled disco very ol' .Messrs. Henry and Wallh; re tin- mate rialisation of spirits, it mlghi merest your readers to know what happened an English medium at Gothenburg, in Swed.-n, a feu- years ago. The name of that English medium 1 havo not. heard from the ghosts, but as .Mrs. jneilon is said 10 have travelled in Sweden perhaps she might give us umno Information on the subject. Whether she be witling or not to do so. there is a short extract from the "(Joteborgi; HamllstJdniirg":— "For the idiotographing o£ materialised spirits: It was arrant »d that, upon a certain sign, the curtains shd ibl be pulled aside, the Hash lit, and the plxv ograph taken. But the sign was mlsunderstt od. Tho curtain was drawn aside too soot by the host himself. The light (lashed, and tho medium was seen In her chair leaning jforward against a form in tho corner of the? hablnoL With a shriek she pressed back her! hands. The light was gone, but the image /was fixed on the plate. On developing tho plr.te a strange sight was seen. At the side of the medium herself, witli terror-struck face and dilated eyes, there appeared a race, evidently a painted mask, with attached hairs and a scratch on the chin. This mask was fastened to the hack of a chair by means of a handkerchief, and a white drapery was arranged underneath. On the other photograph was represented a thoroughly womanly form, wearing the same mask, and with exactly (he same provoking scratch on tho chin. Finally, the portrait of the kind of iinpressario who accompanied (he medium in her travels proved to be a mask relatively well executed, but beneath tho white drapery in which he was arrayed conies out a pattern exactly like that, in the dress of the medium, whose height and hand also cor respond. All these circumstances rather told against tho medium, but 'Mr. Walter' the spiritualistic iinpressario, had an explanation, viz.. 'The apparitions must employ tho body of the medium: It Is only the head that is their own.' And in this he seems to be not altogether wrong. The publication of a report of the proceedings in the 'Gotehorgs llantlel- stidning' caused a great sensation. The (rick was disclosed, and the photographic prints wore deposited in the Museum at Gothen burg." Asked whether she had ever been in Gothenburg, Mrs. Mellon said — "No; but T knew a medium who was there — a lady from Nowcastlc-on-Tyne called Mrs. Esperanco, though professionally sho was known under her maiden name. Personally, I have never been out. of Eng land; this, too, iu spito of the fact that I have received pressing invitations and offers of large sums of money to visit very many places on the Continent, and also in America. I may say that I have seen an account of the circumstances referred to by Father Le Rennetel, but that my belief in the genuineness of the manifestations is unshaken." 