A su.u>tp has taken place in tbe shares of John son's Ifeef Couqisny, Bendigo. A ii rrcu occurred in the Maria Island float, u liich is being offered ou the jLondon Market. The much over-boomed Ivanhoe mine at Goo'l gardie has made a call. This is the first appearance of lately floated Western Australian mines in tiie ci 11 list. Tiik Garden Gully Company, Bendigo, has re-, appearo I on the dividend list; total dividends to date amount to .£152,775. The Dark River district is attracting much attention in Ballaratand a rush for leases has set in. It is to be hoped it will prove more genuine than their Golden Mountain boom. Theise is a falling off of nearly 25 per cent, in the Tgold yields at Charters Towers, chiefly due to the Prieli stone in the Victory being worked out, and the -falling off in the yields from Mills United. - » ! By' appearanees, the expectations from the much fought" over leases of Booth's Gooramadda Company aSb-snch that they will soon he bored out. The three "bores now put down have only proved shallow ground. About 1 cwt. of splendid specimens have just been brought to Melbourne from a reef struck on the South Standard Company's lease, situated on the southern slope of Mount Selma, beyond AVood's Point. Block 14 Company, Broken Hill, on Wednesday last suspended all smelting operations. It has been considered advisable to conserve the reserves of carbonate ore until tbe erection of tbo sulphide con centrating plant is completed. London brokers are paying special attention just now to tbe New Zealand mines held at Home. The companies at work at Macetown and the Thames river are giving results which compare favourably with South African mines. A comi-any has been formed to work the old Morning Star mine at Woods' Point, from which fabulous yields wore obtained many years ago. Last year a digger named Foley struck another rieli pitch, but lias siueo lost the run of gold. Fkom the Princess Edith Company, Barmediuau, Now South Wales, which is held in Melbourne, comes tbe news that, a highly payable reef has been cut. This district, which is near the old Teuiora diggings, is now attracting considerable attoution for quart/, mining. I A si'iteiA l. meeting of Bayley's Howard Claim is 1 called for Monday next, in order to wind up the present company, and register a larger company of 4SO,OCO shares of -CI each. It is intended to have u London and Melbourne register. The return of 11J ozs. of ninalgum from luu tons crushed from the big reef at Russell's Keuf Amal gamated, is certainly disappointing. Those who bought shares at recently boomed prices should not now blame the manager, as ho clearly reported, when the stone was being broken down, that it only apjHXtrcd payable. The Midas Consols, Ballnrat, once again appears iu the dividoud list. The yields now obtainable are very good, but the lead has been a patchy ono. Tho good yields Uavo failed to make a boom in these shares, which have many times boomed on more pro spools. The United Brokers' Mine, at Mouut Wills, are breakiug down a reef which is reported to bo plastered together with gold. This much dospisud district may yet rival Coolgardio, Sydney specula tors are now vyeing with Adelaide in obtainio" properties in this field. ° ,VT">: Star ^of the East Company, Miuehisnu, V osteru Australia,-lias declared its first dividend of Is. per share. Up to date they have pvoducod 207a ozs. from stone averaging over 4 ozs. to the ton. A ten-head battery is now in full swing, and they report, having WX» tons of the same quality of stone At The tributes iu the Nolligan Miuu. Now South h i' ,H,e UOW crualnnb' stone which averages con siderably ovor an ounce to the ton. This is not pleasant news for the Melbourne shnteholdere who paid largely into this property and at last threw u Mount Wills Proprietary consistently report improvement in tlio quality t-lie tin lode they .lr now driving on. Shareholders would like to kn'o" Avlion there is any possibility of the 100 tons of stom being ready for Mr. Go\etts treatment, as u/ results awaited for will settle one way or tliy 0fcW the end of this hitherto white elephant. CoNSJUKKAnnii sensation has been caused iu ju bourne commercial circles by the action 0t a banking institution issuing a circub to debtors of one of their clients askim, for payments to bo made to the bank instead of p-a iirm which owes - the • institution between -£7y(jrVi and £SO,UOO. A meeting of creditors of Mr. Mark Couuell, 'farce Now South Wales, was held -in Sydney on February 15, and was adjourned in order to allow Hr Connell to make an • offer' for a compromise, 'j'pJ statement of accounts submitted showed liubilitie £4111 (including the bank overdraft- of .£(510), and assets £'7273, leaving a surplus (subject to roalisa. tion) of .£3162. The Great Extended Hustlers Company are calling an extraordinary meeting of shareholders in order to increase their capital, the 34,000 shares of £2 each being now fully.paid up. Dividends to the amount- of £451,000 have been declared by this company. The developments in the 2,300 feet south level are now being watched with much anxietv. The Egerton mine has again appeared on thy dividend list" with one shilling dividend. The prospects look bright, but the shares in this mine are very dangerous to touch at high prices. Great is the fall off in the adjoining mine, Black llorso United, which has always been looked on us an investment. The last return was 819 tons with a yield of 163 ozs. An investigation will be held in the Melbourne Insolvency Court during.the first week of April into the transactions of a Melbourne bank and a brewer? company which some time since went into liquida tion. The examination is set down for April 1. The qualifications for a mining " expert" to rejwrt on a West Australian goldfiold appear to consist chiefly of unlimited self-confidence and a very broad interpretation of the ph rase, " considerable experi ence in gold- mining." One man, who " stands iu" with promoters who take some thousands of paid-if shares as the price of their claim, is assorted to lmve nover soou a gold miuc till lie wont to Coolgavdis. The Eastern rial-can Company, Ballarat, ought t-.> bottom this week, on the ivioh Hill load. Thereat" possibilities that this unlucky company may hep: meet payable wash. The shareholders who have persistently stuck to this company doscrve suae;;, and it is hard to realise that their shares were at one time eagerly sought aftor at ovor £3 each. The first shaft bottomed on what appeared a payable •utter. —*— The Pinnacles. Amalgamated, which is the uuiy surviving company in existence arouiul broken Hill, is now let ou tribute. This is in a souse a double barrelled tribute, as the compauy have to pay a heavy royalty to the holders of the leases. The tributing stage of a mine is often the best for uuftr tuuato shareholders who will pay calls wliou then: is not a ghost of u show of the mine ever bocoiuin,' payable. However, iu this company the calls govs with their usual regularity. The admission made in evidence in the Timed "\Vale3 and Uonsliuw case, of directors retaining ieah on the hoafd without having paid their own can.;, puly brings up to daylight the laxity with which the no-liability act- is worked m Victoria. Another case in which far toe winch license is given is intlw manner in which forfeited shares are sold iu ttf company's ollico. Shares thus forfeited for non pay ment of calls, should be sold in some public auction room where everything done is opon lu dayliyM The Eastern .Star Froohold, Ballar.d, is » sim'J mine, which with economic management ]«!' regular dividends and has divided over -i'tiy'-'J t date. The compauy pays 5 per cent; royalty on tM gold raised, and also pays tlio Sulioman Piwlin Gf' pany for the haulage of nil their stone. Tt« Eastern Stair Extended recently struck tho s"3 shoot of stone. This company, took ovor the lout,' 8ulioiuau's ulaiui and havo a royalty of 15 porceiu to pay on all gold returns. 'J'hk half-yearly meeting of MeCrackein* "'J Brewery Couqiauy, Limited, was held at tho Gollins-streot, on Monday. Tho managing dire:1i< ■ Mr. Colin MeCraekon, presided, and ho had a fh'-'1 • (ropi.rt to presoul, nowithslaudiug that fro"' ' Customs statistics tho out-put of the company o' pared very favourably to tho otliei yfcu'j'1, ' breweries. Tho balance to credit of profit au1Jjl including tho amount of reserve fund, absor moot shrinkage of assets, was only £423 12s PIWUVlll'3. I Jit,* l.lll 111 llf'l.' Ill 111**111' *»i . iucludiug tho amount of reserve fund, absorw* moot shrinkage of assets, was only £423 12s- , Hum was placed to the credit of the proliuiinnO debentures expenses account. The whom o reserve fund has boon absorbed in luot-tiog3;'-. tamed losses and contingencies, chiefly 1U depreciation c-t hotel properties-and business*' Widespread dissatisfaction lias been publicly ox pressed in Bendigo regarding the suppression of the i return from the amalgam at the Collman and 'l'acchi ■'.y mino on Saturday last. On Wednesday two of the \,j, directors resigned in consequence of the remarks fumade public. The prospects of this company at present look remarkably good, but the history of the I$j mine is that for many years past' numerous good fifCprospects have been met with, which have had no ^permanency. The. trial crushing on Saturday re sulted in 61 ozs. 7 dwts. from 68 loads. Work is being vigorously pushed on at the | Queen's Birthday mine, Dunolly, which was recently {floated on the London market. Three shafts have fbeen put in working order, and the old workings ;have boon pumped out. A tl'ial crushing of 100 tons lately taken out from the Belgium shaft gave the result of 62 ozs. of gold. There is a considerable quantity of stone here to work on. The "Victorian shareholders, who were the former owners of the :mine, by last mail received the shares allotted to them in the float. • The Hon; W. J. Lyuo, JSew ."south Wales Minister ■ for Public Works, has accepted the contract of Mr. j G. Baldwin (late Wayne and Baldwin) for erecting : the first portion of the Hospital for the Insane at Kenraore, for the sum of .813,OCX). The Kenmcre | estate is situated about three miles from the town I: of Goulburn, oh the left side of the Wollondilly [River, and the hospital will command a fine view of the river and the surrounding country. The total | cost of the building, which, when finished, will | accommodate 600 patients, is estimated at .£150,000. f The numerous favourable reports that have been i received in Melbourne concerning the Murohisou I gold-field of West Australia has led to the formation i of several prospecting syndicates. One which is z nearly completed is headed by Mr. Hutton, a well ' known Victorian and Queensland prospector j Mr. f Pfall", well-known in connection with the Mount Wills I tin mines, being the secretary. The membership is ; limited to forty subscribers of -£10 each, and the in ! tention is to prospect for one of the reefs known to \ exist, and open up the claim sufficiently to prove its I value before placing it on the market. [ The half-yearly report of Marshall's PuddLngton \ Brewery, Limited, was presented to shareholders in • Sydney this week. The report sliows that the not profit for the half-year ending January 31 amounted • to £6657. The directors recommend no dividend, but the placing £1000 to the reserve fund, the writ ing off of £2833 from advances and bad debts, pay ment of interest on debentures, £912; depreciation of plant, £727, and directors' fees, £250. The balance, with that brought forward, from last half year, amounts to £5492, which is again carried for ward. The paid-up capital of the company is £89,103} debentures, £30,400 } and bank overdraft, £9118. The assets include goodwill, £45,000 } advances on sundry liotols, £37,190 } and debts owing ; to the company, £10,611. Here is a story of unwise speculation. Several years ago a well-known citizen of Sydney died and loft a fortune amoiuvtiug to, more than £100,000. Of this Bum. at" least £60,000 was loft to his son. The £60,000 was represented by property in Mel i; bourne. That property the son sold during, the ; boom for £160,000. He received £25,000 in cash, [and took a mortgage for the remainder. Believing Hhat the £135,000 would be paid to him by the time jtlie mortgage fell due, he speculated largely in ISydney. But owing to the decline in values his • speculations proved unremunerative. There was a (greater decline in Melbourne, and in consequence jthe property in the capital of Victoria which he had Isold came back into his hands, and lie found himself gin the unpleasant .position of having much larger f liabilities than assets. " . " ' Stamp duty avrs paid in Sydney during last week, in rospoot of the . Avills of the following deceased persons :—G. Sohafer, Casino, £410 j P. Martin, Box Crook, £1716} A. MThvaine,. Pymblo, £790, ,J. Bewick, Singleton, £845:} J, Bovine, Currabubula, £6-10} W. Beehug, Rockdale, £8355 , J. M'Allen, Mummoll, £70 j M. Turnbllll, Wooloomooleo, £1905, J. W. Wilshiro, Redforn, £510 j M. G. Spark, Surry {Hills, £1700 j j. Pidaook, Ingleburn, £415 3 J'. Hyde, |Loohiol, £825 3 0. Ooupland, O verton, £510 3 W. i;-M'Ct>mly, Crermanton, £10} A. Daivaon, Wavorloy, (£520 } 'I'. Challenor, Oxley, £830 , II.Haines, Banks jjtown, £5075} 11, "Whitney, Morriwa, £500 3 M. fGoodin, Milhang," £455, M, A. Peroival, Campboll jtown, £76 j W. 11. Fletcher, Oatley, £415 3. F, Garton, fBotany, £310 3 P., : Iliokoy, Prospeot, £1335, B. M'Mauemy, South Grafton, £1410, 0. Glue, Sydney, £8745 3 II, Sinclair, Myall River, £380, J. Braddoclc, Marrickvillo, £350 j P. Maisey, Auburn, 210; Thw prospects of Mount Lyell, Tasmania, are improving by leaps and bounds. The necessity of outside capital is uoav a thing of the past, ■ucl Mr. lCnox may avoII laugh in his sleovo, Avhou he ousalors that the London brokers refused, on easy icrms about the best mining property yet sent home rorn Australia. Up to date, from the small amount • dovoiopaients, 2(54 tous of ore have produced 1300,000 vah. of .silver and 01< tons of copper, whioli averages 1300 ozs. of silver and 20 per cent, of copper to the ton, valued at .£50,000. The work in con nection with the railway is being pushed ahead with every possible spued, and should bo completed by the end of the year. A ooKii.Ksi'oNDKN'i' wri'ui u .muerti tug the new Chesterfield Metals Extracting and Mining Company^ Limited, that the company is about to treat by chlorination the large quantities of rich tailings on the property. He denies the statement made by a contributor in last week's Tabid,-Talk concerning this company, and mentions that the percentage of antimony in the tailings is not great, that the gold is easily freed by a chloridising roast, and that the roasted produce has already been operated on by chlorination, and the gold completely and ooonomi cally extracted. Til io West Australian people are agitating for the construction of a tram lino, with horse traction, to be laid from {Southern Cross to Coolgardio. The distance is 100 miles, and both the Minister of Minos, Mr. Venn, and the Government engineer,Mr. O'Connor, are staled to bo in favour of its construction. The country is level an t presents no engineering difficulties. The Government has promised a railway, but it would take at least two years to construct the line, and a horse tram conld be laid in a few months. The roads become almost impassible for days in the winter time, but with a tram, the distance could he covered in four days in all weather. As Coolgardie is essentially a field for working miners, its development would be astonishingly great with cheap transit from Southern Cross. An attempt is being made to rovive mining at Diamond Creek, near Heidelberg, and the prospectus of the New Pioneer Company has been issued. The vendora,_whp have been in possession of the mine for a fmv^monthsTand thought of working the property witlio'ut-tlio' Aid of outside capital, so great was their beligLni it, liavej (lioxye vor, reconsidered the matter, and-npw-tpngr the .mine to the public on the terms bA wA«h tl>6y..will i'otalp. 7000 fully paid-up shares to lOateach, tt[}00 contributing shares paid up to Is., and £20.6 \in casii,' Alshs they are entitled to the first jGlO^AWo^th df gold produced } 20,000 shares are offered toublh?' tit/Is. per share, and what is loft of thec^sh;jrehpiVod,' after the claims of the vendors and fchie flotation expenses are paid, will go to tlio credit of the company. The history of this luino and district generally is such as does uob com mend it to public eompauios, though for co operative parties. there are many good prospects worth following up., Thu following are the principal insolvencies filed (.luring the week in Melbourne 1—(X) Samuel England J cans, of the J unction, St. Kilcla, plumber nud maniifaoturer of gas-stovos and water-heaters. Approximate schedule. Causes of insolvency—De preciation in the value of his freehold property and shares and inability to realise thereon, insufficiency of the profits of his business, and illness of self. Liabilities (estimated), .£0,760} assets (estimated), £11,037 16s. Gd, (2). John Thallon of Russell-street, picture''frame maker. Causes- of Insolvency— Depreciation of real estate, failure of the Victoria Mutual Building Society, in which insolvent hold shares, and to which I10 bocaino indebted, and pressure of the liquidator in respect of siioli in debtedness. Liabilities, £2131 17s. lOd.j: assets, £1,800. Debts owing on mortgage, jointly with Thomas Thallou, £1,-X90 7s. lOd. j alone, £208 IDs. 9d. Principal secured creditor—Victoria Mutxxal Building and Investment Society, £1,708 4s. 7d. —■ .'Tixis recent discovery of gold at Daylosford is likely to bo, In itself, one of great importance, and such finds will give mxioli impetus to the gold indus try, and will encourage others to go prospecting. The two prospectors, White axxd Jackson, have sunk two shafts to a dopth of 40 foot, where tlioy struck the reef. A drive of 90 foot in length was put in j along the coxirso of the lode. At 30 footiin indicator I guxdo xvas oxxt, this folloxviug the ooxxvso of. a slide on the footwall for some distance, when it gradxially cut out and disappoaroclq-the^ guide crossed the luxxiging wall, and at tli'if} point "Itbo rich gold xvas struck, The lode is ff^in -18'incho^'-to 2 foot wide, bub the rich gold recently ol^tainoU-)Yiis found iu a narrow vein from bh),'.eQ L'o'-four 'inclihp in1 width between this lode uud^ho ntxhghigXwjll, which Is practically a conglomerate of gfd'J. luul^iivrbxs. Mr. Stilling, tho assistant \UStqrlun'^<1 vernmont Gooio th,at longtlx, The formation llpl^ivs to hiiu more like Ballai'at than Beudigo. It isiooally considered to be tlie continuation of tho Keoi> it Dark lino of reef, which xvas yory rich but very patoliy, This action brought by j. Tipping, a member of the Victorian Ilandsavd staff, to compel thu directors of the Prince of Wales and Bonuhaw United Company to register his name on the share list of the company as tho oxvner of 600 Bliares, and also to recover* £2500 for alleged conversion of the same, resulted in the plaintiff being nonsuited. The case wus interesting, as. presenting a novel plaice of the long standing contention regarding tae . forfeiture. of .shares for iiuu-pa.ymeiii of call. The plaintifV'a main con tention was that the directors who made the call which he did not pay acted illegally in forfeiting his shares, inasmuch us they tliemselvos had.,.not paid the call. Chief Justice Madden did not go into the merits of plaintiff's arguments, as he granted a nonsuit on the ground that the plaintiff was not registered as the owner of the shares, and could not sue without being joined with the persons from whom ho purchased the shares ; also that tliu action was not brought within six months from the day appointed for the sale of the forfeited shares. Tujj affairs of Mr. John Kobb, the contractor, after many months of negotiation have at last beuu placed in the Insolvency Court. The approximate schedule shows liabilities, =£653,000, namely, due on mortgage, =£550,000; to secured eroditois, =£100,000 ; to unsecured creditors, .£3,000. The assets figure in the schodulo as .£582,000, namely, real property, £310,000; property held as security, =£270,000; debts payable on demand, .£1000; property not held as security, <£1000. The deficiency is estimated at .£71,001 >, which, deficiency is certain to be increased as the assets come to be more closely valued. The causes assigned are depreciation of properties and shares. A committee of the largest creditors in the estate investigated, Mr. Kohb's affairs some mouth or two ago, and expressed their eonviction that Mr. Kobb's losses were due to depreciation of securities and not to reckless spoliations. Mr. Lyell also previously furnished a statement showing that Mr. Kobb's profits as a contractor amouutud to £350,000, which had all been sunk' in bank shares and properties. Mr. Kobb had. a largo interest in Tallnwanta Station, Queensland, which involved him in a heavy loss, lie owned Kobb's Buildings and Phair's Hotel, in Collins-stroet, and was one of the largest shareholders in the Federal Hank. Messrs.' Fink, Pest and Company, the well-known solicitors, wero consulted by Mr. Kobb, with a view to making a composition by arrangement, but tbey advised open insolvency. Foa some time past there have boon rumours that Mr. J, S. Ilorsfall was returning to Goldsbrough Mort and Company, Limited, and we ■ understand that for several months much pressure has been brought to hear upon him by many of the share holders and constituents of the company to do so. Negotiations with the same object have , been for some time pending between Mr. ilorsfall and certain members of the board, and avo are now in a position to announce that Avith the cordial and unanimous approval of the directors of Goldsbrough, Mort and Company, Limited, Mr. Horsfull has decided to return to that company, and has consequently severed his connection Avitli the Noav Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, Limited, and with the Ngav Zealand Land Association/Limited. Ho has accepted the position of udviser to Goldsbrough, Mort and Company for a term of yours, and it Avill again have liis consignments of wool and. influence, also the benefit of his undoubted experience and long connection Avith the business—in which he was trained from boyhood—and Avliiuli lie only left in consequence of personal disagreements, with their board some four years ago. This news Avill bo gratifying to the shareholders of Goldsbrough, Mort and Company, Limited, us his knowledge..will ho of groat value in connection, with the .advances of the company, and in the working of the general details. —J—<, .... T an decision of J udgo Mules worth in the Insol vency Court in regard to a motion for the admission of proof of debt for £13,751 in the estate of Mr. B. J. Fink, is of considerable importance to creditors in estates Avkioh have been released from sequestration under the eomxiosibion by arrangement clause. The bourne, on a mortgage of laud in SAvauston-street. The value of the security avus estimated by the applicants at £8170, and they "ought to prove for the balance, £5281. Mr. Braham, for tlio debtor, Mr. ,13. J. Finlc, contended that a creditor could riot comoin afterthe 1'ogistrntlon of the resolution aoeuxil ing the eomxiosibion. Ho also maintained that the claims of Messrs. Sunders and Levy avus not bona )i ua they did nob desire to come in under the oomxiosi tion, Mr. Bryant, in auxniort of the uiotion, con tended that tlio claimants Avoro not debarred from quitting in xiroof of the debt after the ooihxioaltioii, 'They had givon notice to the debtor that, they Avbuld have nothing to do Avitli tlio composition of vSd.'in the pound.'ami debts not xirovod in the ooui Xioslthui could bu proved afterwards under rule 144, ills Honour Judge MolosAvortli agreed with Mr. Bryant as to tiio apxilication of -the rules to gases of this character, and made an order accordingly, Xiointing out that if his ruling wero disagreed ,\vit>h t,he matter could be taken to the Suxirowo Court. Mr, Brahain intimated that he would ,apxiuul. If J udge Molosworth's decision is uphold,.;tlio effect of the order admitting proof of .debt, al't(%a, composi tion lias been iicyexitod by the statutorymajority of creditors, will be the comxmlsory sequestration of the oomx>oundeFs estate. The greater, number of the compositions by arrangement have been obtained by a one-tliird majority in number .unci, value oi those creditors attending the statutory meetings and proving their debts, with a view to uoccoptiuy coumosition. If a creditor can retain .liis right to make his debtor insolvent, by refusing to .haw. anything to do witli a composition, secret coiu p-uiudinys in future will be almost impossible, aud a considerable number of those registered will bo ii'iset. Tub folio winy are the Deniliquin sheep returns for the year 1-S93, for holders of over 5000 sheep:— Austin and Millear, Wanganella ... ... 25,484 Austin aud Millear, Murgha ... ... ... 23,057 ~W. Bell, Morago ... ... ... ... 3'l.OOU .1. II. Blackwood, Booabula ... ... ... 31.429 Blackwood Brothers, Hartwood ... ... 84,000 J. F. Carmichael, Narlga ... ... ... 6,000 Sir W. J. Clarke, Cobran ... ... ... 03,577 G.Currie, Puckawidgee ... ... — 43,680 J. and J. Dickson, Caroonboon ... ... 20,000 L. Fallon, Ballina ... ... ... ... 7,412 J. E. W. Faulks, Cropwell ... 5,400 F. S. Falkiner, Tuppal... ... ... ... 125,000 F. S. Falkiner, Boonoke ... ... ... 29,435 33\. Kill son (executors of), Tocumwal -.^^32,'J 7 8 Jli. n 111 son ^BiBuuwib ui;, igiiumn iu t n T. Hetherington, Deniliquin ... Th os. Deeth am, Hill Plain ... /. // ^ 1 j? R. Landale, Deniliquin... ... i .../ . 3 Lot*) Alex. Randale, Wandook ... i\ -cV.V,^,39,49b A. Lang, Tocumwal ... ... v.it\ ,.^/?0,033 C. C. M'Culloch, Warbrecoan...- .V f") ,... WjSJS? M'Crae "Brothers, "VVerai . ... 27,009 James M'Crae. Calimo ... ... ... M'Laurin Brothers, Aloroco ... ... D. M'Caughey, Coree ... ... - ... ... lOOjOOO'] Hon. D. Moore, Bundyulumblah ... ... 21,777 "W. and J. Moodie, Springfield ... ... 7,568 J. Mitchellhill, Moii'a ... ... ... ... 7,740 4V. Officer, Zara... ... ... ... 25,000 M. O'Shannassy, Moira ... ... ... 41,597 H. C. Parker, Qniamong ... ... ... 10,172 Henry Ricketson, Baratta ... ... ... 121,908 Riverina L. and F. Company, Mathoura ... 42,923 Robertson and Wagner, Perricoota ... ... 88,634 G. F. Sugden, Woodsome Lees ... ... 9,824 A. W. Smith, North Wakool ... 19,595 P. Tracey, Willow Park ... ... ... S,697 . The following are the sheep returns of the Hay district for 1893, omitting all under 5,000. Executox-s R. M. Ayre, Benduck, Hay ... 23,617 Austin and Millear, Canoon and Pimpampa, Maude ... ... ... ... ... 18,851 Australian M. L. aud Finance Company, Oxley station, Oxley ... ... .... 17,594 A. Armstrong and Company, Alma, Booiigal 35,500 Boiling Down Comjxany, Goondarin, Hay ... 7,000 Hon.. W. Campbell, Warwillah, Booroorbau 34,420 P. B. Curtain, Nyihgay, Boorooban ... ... 11,600 Hon. W. Campbell, Booiigal station... ... 33,055 Mrs. M. Dillon, Auburn Plains, llooroorban 5,818 F. S. Falkiner, Moonbrin, Jerilderie... ... 31,281 C. B. Fisher, Boyong, Balranald ... ... 5,557 John Gibson and Son, Narringa, Gunbar ... 7,160 Luke Gulson, Freshwater, Hay ... ... 10,000 Holmes Brothers, Coolure, Boob gal... ... 8,154 Illillawa Company, Hay ... ... ... 65,521 Lewis Kiddle, Steam Plains, Conargo ... 25,000 A. J. L, Learmonth (trustee), Wyveru, Bringagee ... ... ... ... ... 58,121 L. S. Learmonth (excutors), Groongal, Hay 62,037 T. L. Learmonth, Bi'ingagee, Hay ... ... '53,359 John Lamb, Willurah, Booroorban ... .. 53,828 Lugsdin and Son, Belaley and Minga, Hay 5,720 Hon. D. Moore, Gelan, Maude ... ... 8,603 Molesworth and Ware, Thononga, liay ... 40,750 Mills, Neilson and Smith, TJardry, Hay ... 28,764 Samxiel McCaugliey, Goolgumbla, Jerildorio 65,543 ft. and A. McFaidanu, Tliolaugorin aixd Culpatai-o ... ... ... ... ... 40,000 .McClelland and Connor, Wurrenwood, Hay 5,766 A. J. Nicholson, Ureonvale, Booiigal ... 0,700 New Zealand Loan and M. A. Company, Tom's Lake, Booiigal ... ... ... 12,600 ['arsons and Dill, Toogimbie, Hay ... ... 28,246 IVF.-Patterson, Ulonga,Hay... ... ... 53,400 Parker Bros., Park Yale, Booiigal ... ... 0,770 J. Ratlixe, St. Andrews, Booiigal... ... 7,120 L and G. Russell, Eli Elwah, Hay ... ... 36,107 R. B, Ronald and Son,. Nap Nap, Hay ... 70,000 I'hos. Roboi'tson, Toganmain, Hay ... ... 170,249 Stewart and McGeo, Wooloondool, Hay "... 20,253 Colin Simsou, Mxmgadal, Hay ... 39,167 < loo. Sidos, Sidonia, Hay ... ... ... 0,227 ;V. and A. Tyson, Tarwong, Hay ... ... 40,000 A . and A, Tyson, Corrong, Hay ... . ... 20,500 las. Tyson, Tupru, Hay ... ... ;.. 47,000 Walter S. Tyson, l'evonsey, Hay 26,579 'AL'HLWatt, Howlong, Gurrathool ... a6,109 Wilson Brothers. Ravenofield, Booiigal 6,330 It. H. Woodward, War gam, Booroorbau ... 21,400 F. "W. Wontworth, Burrabogie, Hay 121,963 What is decidedly a boon to families at tlie p-eaent time whon tlio strictest oconomy pruvails in MirtHt households, is the sale of fruit in fairly small 11 uantities, direct from grower to consumer, without tlio intervention of the "middleman" in auy shnpo or form. UY>r instance, a 5a. postal note stmt to tliu manager of Iieuno vineyard, Wahguuyah, secures a 20lb. box of choice table grapes doliveredcarriage free, while 20a. pays for liveaituilar boxoaforwarded either iu onelotor at the rate of a box per week for five weeks. Again, to ouit hotels, schools, large boarding-houses, An., a 60 lb. ouso is sent for Oa., two suoli cases for 17s., or four for 30s., the fruit reaching the customed in fine condition, beuriug, indeed, the dolioate bloom which furnishes the bosb proof of freshness and i careful haaidling. 