IMPOSING ON THE CREDDLOUs! There is (says the Wellington correspondent of the Oligo Daily Timet of May 32nd) woe among the looal spiritualists, and tbe wide hand of the policeman has fluttered the spooks. I cannot better the story told by the " Post.." Here it is :—"Two arrests were made by the police last night which, it is stated, will lead to some very sensational disclosures. The prisoners are a couple named James and Priscilla Hackett, who are presumably brother and tfifcer, and who hare been lately practising; ao-called spiritualism in various parts of the'city, and A suburbs, James Hackett is a professed medium, and his sister acts, it is aaid,^in« the capacity of an -assistant. On a recent night there was a seance held ih the~~Tubm engaged for the purpose at Petone, at which aome JL4 or. 15 persons were present, including a police constable In plain clothes. The latter attended by invitation, but,' in consequence of a complaint which had been made to 'the police that the aSair was an imposition, Butler was ordered to watch the whole perforraa.net very doiely, and if he detected any thing which conld be reckoned on as material for. a case he was to seize it. It is said tbat the proceedings were of a most extraordinary character, the Racketts calling several alleged departed spirits Which were supposed to be materialised and able, to hold communion with those present. In one of the most impressive parts, When the lumiuous form of a supposed spirit appeared from the recesses of a cabinet, one of the audience seized hold of the " apparition" and called for lights. The spirit turned ont to be nothing more than a piece of gauze which the medium was enabled to manipulate from behind a curtain, Hackett and-bis sister wera arrested,~ and the paraphernalia, consisting principalis of. abottk conjunction with the .... oil for I. the purpose of producing "ghosts," was seized. It is stated, that the medium received £5 for every ai.tting, and that several people bave parted with considerable auras of money to him. The Kiuiketts were brought np in the Magistrate's Conrt and charged conspired together to defraud F. A. Vaughan, • A second information^ was lald against Hackett, charging him with having oretended to exercise an enchantment and lave communion with the spirits -of' the dead. The pair have bhen committed for trial, 