LATEST TELEGRAMS. Pek Courier anp Press Aoenoy Service.] L.ONIMIN Anril 18. Mr. Hall, a gontloman who purchased Oumnor Placo, with a view to acquire Amy Robsart'a prison, now bolioved to bo haunted by a ghost, sued tho Earl of Abingdon to rescind the purchase, on tho ground that tho building does not possess tho historic associations which had beon claitnod for it. Tho vordict of tho court was for dofondvit. Sonator Lodge brought in a motion for tho imposition of retaliatory duties upon tho goods of Great Britain nnd British colonios until such timo as Groat Brituiu will agroo to tho froo coinago of silvor and its use as a monotnry standard. Owing to tho alleged oxislonco of an Anarchist plot against tho Gorman Emperor tho pol'co authorities at Coburg aro adopt ing moBt miiiuta precautions to preaorvo tho life of tho Emporor during his stay in that city to take part in tho ooromonies at tending tho marriage of Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Coburg with tho Grand Duke of Hesse. Tho shipment of ducks reccivod by tho stoamship Oukco sold at 3s. 3d. to 4s. Od. and tho fowls afc 4a. each. Experts consider th© shipment of pork by the Parramatta to bo excellent, the pigs having been well fed and well bred. ^Madame Joniaux, a lady in high socioty at Antwerp, hits been arrested on a charge of poisoning her undo, her brothor, and her sister, in ordor to secure their rnotiuy. Tho French police have made a seizuro of forgod bank notes to the amount of 260,000 frinxt, r-p.m nnnv Sir Thomas M'llwraith has written to 3oneral Booth, of tho Salvation Army, after visiting tho Army's farm colony at Hadl'oigh, oxpreasing his high opinion of tho utility of tho schome. April 19. Coxoy's labor army, who aro inarching from Wyoming, one of 'the North-western Statos, to Washington to domand. certain reforms from tho United States Congress, and who recently seized a train by which they travolled part of tlioir journoy, are nxpected to roach tho Federal capital on May Day, and tho matter is causing tno Govornmont some anxiety. Tho Govornmont of the United States havo intervened unofficially botweon the Brazilian Govornmont and tho insurgents in order to obtain clemoncy for tho latter. News from Brazil Btatos that tho ironclad Aquidiban, latoly the flagship of tho robel squadron, has been sunk by tho torpedo boat Gustavo Sample, which Bupposod her to bo still a rebol vesaol, although She had Burrendored to tho Brazilian Govornmont. A largo numbor of thoso on board lost thoir livos. Sir Thomas M'llwraith sails in tho Austral for Australia. He has refused uiiluu uuua iu uuuuuiuu tuu ujlubo uuuniry lines on tho Land Grant principlo, the terms being unsatisfactory. At tho annual meeting of tho Eastorn Extension Tolograph Co-, Sir John Ponder, chairman, said that tho yoar'a rovonuo had increased by £52,000. Through the reduction of tho Australian TariiF-thore had boon a deficiency of £12,000. If. tho Pacific cable was exocuted for strategical purposes it would bo the cheapest way to arrongo with tho Eastern Extension Com pany for its construction. Tho company haB forwarded a communicivtion to Lord Ripon, pointing out that tho Pacific cable, if duplicated, would coat £4,000,000, and if subsidised by Grout Britain they ask for a similar treatment for their existing cable. Enormous crowds have assembled in ?Coburg in connection with the forthcoming royal wedding. Tho Prince of Wales, the Gorman Emperor, and, the Cziirowitch arrivodin Coburg to- day, and wore each ao cordod an ovation by tho crowds who thronged the streets. Tho Gorman Reichstag, by a proportion of 17 votoa to 11 has rojooted the principal clause in tho Tobacco Taxation Bill. Tho second roading of tho bill to repeal tho Irish Crimea Aot, introduced by uoionoi i-, r. noian, rarnoiuto mombor for JNorth Galway, waB carried in tho Houae of Commons to-day by a majority of 60\. Tho^TiMBS says tho uotion of tho Unionists in voting ono-third bolow their actual strength on tho bill was inexorable, although it is known that tho Government havo no intention of proceeding with the measure. The Dailt News states that Sir William H.arcourt, in response to proBsuro brought upon him by tho Irish and Scotch mem bers, has consented to limit the operation of tho proposed increased duties on spirits and beor to one year, ..... Later. . Mr. Gladstone ib ailing. Lord Jorsoy prosontod Captain Oarpen tor's petition, and Lord Kimberloy has instructed tho Brithih MiuiBtor in Hol land to continue pressing tho Costa Rioa Padcot claim. Ho hardly bcliovea that tho Minister will bo unsuccessful. Lord Jeraoy claimed that the Coata Rioa owners aud crew should bo compenaatcd, and that an apology should bo givou for tho insult to tho flag. Lord Kimberly stated that Captain Carpenter had beou unjustly used, and it was a real case of hardship, Silvor is 2b 4jd por oz, Four hundred and fifty ministers of .tho Church of England havo ?' appoaled to tho Arohbishop of Canterbury to support tho working of tho Parish Councils Bill. Tho Colonial Oflioers' Loavo of Absenoe uiu does not apply to self-govorning colon ios, aud repeals tho obsoleto Aot of 1814 relating to residence of colonial olllcors. A nulivo outbreak is fearod hi tho Transvaal. Tho wodding ftt Ooburg was a brilliant ooromony. Tho Quoon was nffootod to tours. Tho NanaquaB havo massftorod 7OBoohu. anas and also a family of Boor trokors in Kalahari Dosert. Ablay, brokor of Madame Jonlaux was in sured for 100,000 franos ; he died suddenly in Ins sister's houao. Lord Salisbury, a'ddrousing tho Primrose Loague, doolared that tho Govornmont, instead of gerrymandering logiBlation, Bought to remedy thi* Bufferings of tho poor. bovontoou marshals had a desporato n«hc with tho Dalton gang of outlaws at Uklahhonm. Dalton and two othor out laws, a woman and child, and 10 marshals wore killed^ Mr. Morloy proposoB that in tho oaae of tenants oviotod ainoe 1870, if tho farm is M 1 in tho landlord,1* hundnwiopnua; »hal,l h0 jgjfl4° 1° f liroo Govornniont nrbitratora wh 'Itiv^ roiiiHtato thn tonanh on fuinf. tlm rQn(. tho landlord rocoivinj} two yeat.V nrroarB tho tonant pa) ing half, and t|i0 st«t half out of £100,000 to bn taken from tl Irinh Church Fund. Landlordn if ablo m,«. insist on tenants purclmoing at a prico to' bo fixed by tho niljilrntorH. VVhQt grabborn tccupy tho farnu thoy aro not t- bo expropriated uiiIokh willing, itl vvliirl1 oaso thoy aro to bo compensated, hn|f v tho tonantB and half by tho Stato. ' Mr. Dillon and Mr. Sexton welcoini.(i tho bill. Tho Purnellera opposed I ho inoasuro. April 20 ' Tho Matquifl of Snlmbury, in addrpHnL a mooting of momberH of tho PrimruB Loague, also said th-vt ho would not UD poso tho judioioUB reform of the Houao of Lords. If tho Chamber wero madooloolivn thorHovi8e would be able to inaifit upUn oquality in all maitura regarding tli0 Oj{™ cutivo and finance, and tho- House of Com! mons would thereby lose its nupromaoy. 