I Difference of Opinion. » clack | oluck I oluok I alaok 1 Tho , ' a speckled hen ' > -Went oorntohing bare and tbara | < I'm very nicely fixed, I'm ante, W18h plenty, and to spare ; And ten ynnhg ohioks, ae like myiell As ever thfey can bs, . A likelier brood no one, I'm enre, Need over wish to sec I j- . " gora'a water standing in the troughs An asb-heop handy, tuo, With oats, and com, and grains of wljfltr And iuseots, not a few, . - Oh, yes, I have a happy lot, As any one may ser Bnt'what that stupid pig in tbero Oan livo for, puzsloa mol" ' "Umph, humph 1 , ompb, hnmphl Iif spotted pig Within his sheltered pen, ' . Just raised himself upon bis side, And then lay flpwn again. " Umpb, humph, a happy lite is xnjoo t A nice, soft, muddy bod, V And on tbo choicest kind of slop . Three times a day I'm fed. " I'm better off than otbor pigs Who have to earn thoir food ' ' ' ' Aod go a-rootin .'round for mast, - Or berries, in tbe wood, I haven't got an earthly thing, To dq, bnt take my ease, And eat, and drink, und wallow bMfl Ab lazy as I please? " It's plain I'm quits a favorite To have suob wstohtul care, So'differont from that aluokisg he) A sorutoh ing over there. Or from thht prowling animal-; Old Tom — tho tabby oat ; . \ I'm euro I wouldn't want to live t And lead a life liko that." II Moa-ow I" Old Tom tho tabby cat Looked np with some surprise, Then uoftly yawned and stretohod bis btok) And blinked his. yellow eyas. " What io tho orealuro talking of ?'j' 1 He saijJ, vctb gentle purr ; " I'm euro I'd hate to be a pig '. So fat I opuldn't stir; " But I have quite a hnppy life ; Three times a day, at loast, I'm fed on-scrapa and table-orumbs, I'm euroit's qnitca feusl ; Boeides'the rate and mioo I catoh, And birds, tooTinHtfe. Spring, With moles and rabbits, now and'tbto, . I livo like any king." - : " (law 1" oried n,pert endiOhaxp-eyed orot Perohcd on.awaluat'.trac, " Yoa aeom.qujto'well contented, friendg As I sm glad'tmtec ; But you'.would Bing'another tune If you oould only know Jnst what a pleasant thing it is To be a jolly orow. We've nothing jp tho world to do ' But rise at break ot day, And breakfast on tbo farmer's corn, Without a cent to pay. It's true be pua a Boare-orow up To fill us with alarm, Bot then we soon get need to him, And find ho does no harm. " But you, poor stupid pig, may,. Contented with your pen, , And prate about yoar happy lot Like that old specltted'ban : And you may bavo your scraps and boast. Old cat, but this I know : Of nil tbo areatnres ia the warld Tho jolliost ie a crow." . — Hum. Cnaax. , . Fanny, t-rie Colt. 1 Little Fanny was motherless, having been! . discovered in an open field beside hor dead! . mother. I . Before she was a yoar old she oould opeaj tbo.door to her own room and go to bedalone. Sbe did Dot, quito understand the fastenings; from tbo insido, and bad to be let out in tha' morning. , ! The children, there were six, thought berj a most wonderful baby, and claimed her aB| .their, own. Tbe boys bad taught her toi take, off their oapa with her teeth, ahakai baoie witb her feet, and do many other outa: kjtet when sho wao fonr years old she had1 to work, for Fanny was only a horse, after .all. Nover was sho driven exoept by one of! ! sue family, a&v; Siifl sdctlly nuiau it if bub . liked to go. When tbo buggy wqg drawn oat: she would give a little pleased whinny and step daintily about as it impatient to be off.; And when onoe on the road disliked, of all1 -things, to take tho dust from another! vobiolo. Tbo ohildron were a oroupy est, and! a physician wbb often oalled, Fanny being; the boras to be ridden every time ; and so well had ehe tearned'what was wanting if a saddle woe plaoed'baotily upon her baok, she only waited for a rider,.and withopt « bint from the rein, bounded off in tha direction of tho doctor's offiao ; returning, ehe. jogged , loisurefy borne. It waB a sad day for the family when' one I morning no glad whinny greeted thoonewhoi what to foed her. Sbe had haun-atolon. Two other boreesdiad'bopn taken from a neighbor at tbe Bame time,- and be bemoaned1 them as so muoh money, lost. But tbe joint| . owners ot Fanny grieved cs if a friond vers1 dead; to bar it might bo even worse than deot). " For how oould the taker be other- wise thap oruel ?" they asked. A thorough searoh wee made, but 'no sine, obtained, and the horses were given np aal lost. Tbe oldor children Btrovc to be brave,! but tbo younger ones could not keep back' tho tears when, 'speaking of "poor Fanny,"! and tbe mother was shocked one evening to bear four-year-old Bceeio add j to her infant grader : " And please, Gad, send Fannyjj Sbe kissed tho obiid tenderly and whig-, posed ; " If we cannot have Fanny we will have another barpc to tsko hor plaae, my ( dear," " But it wouldo't be her, mamma L I want just Fanny," and ehe laid hof face in mamma's lap and sobbed, as sbe tpd doner many times since the loss. ' sj A few 'days later, as tho family wero afe>' breakfast, Nora, tho girl, rnehad into tho room, exalaiqiing : " If ye plaee, mum, 1 Fanny's in tho stoblo, or else 'tis her ghost, J ears I I wint to find tho olo'ee-pjne lost last' ' night, and as I wint a-near tho barn I heanx! a wbin-now au like hern oe two pass, and" — bnt before ehe bad oonoluded 'every seat was empty and all bud hurried to the barn. ij . Tbo stable .door was opened, and forth stepped Fenny to be bugged and kissed aa never before. ' I Glie-etill wore ber halter, from wbiab a1 broken strap dangled,' showing bow aha hadl released herself, an/1, cneo freo, her presence - in her own utullwau no mystery, . An officer was duly notified, and taking;' ber traoke he wenfubout five miles along thai, i beaeb of tba lake, whore, in .the bluff over-' banging a ravino, he found a eort of oevo; whora the t(yo otbor horc.ee wore etill tied, | Fanny had brokon bar batter, opened the > wide door that uwuug in. pushed her way through the brush piled .against it, and : hurried homo to her own stable. ' The boreeu muHh have boon taken to tboir! - biding-plooo by being lod along tho water's edge to eenceal their traoke, and their food' conveyed to thom by boat. The tbiet v/aa not caught, more is tbe pity. Evidently seeing the eigne ot Fanny'e escape he was only too glad to escape himself. The j owner ot the two horeee suggested that Fanny ought to have a medal, bnt upon being! shown a lump of sugar she uttered a dcaidzd1 neigh, and then munched her sugar' in silence. i . i . From tba hand ot a men of geaiu every thing has the freshness ot mordiog.and ot May Oleopatra couldn't stand grammar-. ibe was kifled by an aspirate. Visitor (to proprietor of iron foundry)—' "You oaut almost everything hew, I sup/ pose?" j Proprietor — "Everything, sir." J VWoi Lut raejae yqiLooat a gloom."! ; O 