ILLUSIONS DISPELLED -O- CHRISTMAS is a fitting time to dis- pel illusions and relegate the ghosts of error to deserved oblivion. One by one the cobweb illusions of society are being swept away before the uncom- promising march of reality, and amongst others no illusion has been more cherished by the opponents of woman's suffrage than that of her alleged indifference to politics. We were told in the past that the majority of women did not desire to vote and would not use it if they had it, and one of the chief arguments of the meagre stock-in- trade of our opponents was that only a small minority of women thought anything about the matter ; but the female votes in the late New Zealand election have at once and for all time given that assertion the lie direct, and our friends of the opposition are now reluctantly obliged to acknowledge that they foolishly pinned their faith to a myth, which has vanished when confronted with absolute fact. Not only have the New Zealand women responded loyally to the new duty imposed upon them, but they have per- formed that duty with discretion and in- telligence, fully verifying the confidence of their supporters, and proving that all good reforms would be materially helped by the advent of the female voter at the ballot box. The returns at the New Zealand elections show distinctly that the hands of the tem- perance party have been greatly strength ened, that men of exceptionally good social character and integrity have been elected, and that, as far as results can be deduced from one trial of woman's power at the ballot box, the effect generally has been beneficial to the social and progressive interests of the country, The polling was conducted with the utmost decorum, and no insult or antagonism, was offered or shown to the women voters. An extract from a New Zealand file runs thus : " The rule was that the women in all directions were capable, business-like, keen, and thoroughly up to the business from canvassing to voting." So dies another illusion, out of whose grave will spring hope and promise of a clearer future. The election of Mrs. Yates as Mayoress of Onehunga is another proof that our sister colony has the courage of her opinions, and is determined to tolerate no partial re- moval of the barriers which have so long Iain across the track of woman's progress, but to bury them one by one in the grave of past tradition. Critics have taken some exception to the working platforms put down by the Woman's Suffrage Leagues in the various colonies, but we do not wonder at that. When the accumulated rubbish of centuries is cleared away to make room for the foundations of a new era, light will be thrown on much that has hitherto been dark, and there are many social vices that must shrink before the touch of women's brave and patriotic efforts for social legislative reform. Drinking, which fills our gaols and asylums ; smoking, which saps the strength and manhood of the youth of this country ; and gambling, which under- mines their self-respect and destroys the de- sire to earn an honest living, are a few of the planks in the women's platform of progress, and we must admit that the sooner more stringent legislative restriction is brought to bear upon these evils the sooner will their power decrease and a new and purer era dawn for this young country. We have every reason to congratulate ourselves on the progress that suffrage has made in our midst during the past year, redoubled energy and activity have been thrown into the movement by the success achieved by New Zealand and without doubt before the close of the coming year, women of New South Wales will, by organization, courage and intelligence (three great essen- tials to success), have won enfranchisement for themselves and the generations that come after them. /vu 