1 BEATS CERTIFICATE. F30M THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (continued.) I arrived in London at an early hour the next morning," and going straight to Hanover ; Square, saw the matron of the excellent establishment for trained nurses which ie to he found there. I described the case, and ehose a aright-looking young woman who I was sure had tact as well as erperinnce. Making hasty arrangements that she should start at onoe, I wired what I had done to \TilL My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy every moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the rest of that day. I returned home, fagged out, at a late hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bring np sapper, of whiah I, stood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram on a salver. " When did this come ? " I asked, looking at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting away to poor "Will Baymond and his unhappy little -wife. "The telegram name half an hour ago, sir," replied the servant. I tore it open and ottered a groan. I was not nrepared for the news which it contained. ' ' Mrs Raymond died at three o'clock this afternoon. — Grey.1' The pink slip of paper fluttered out of my hand, and £ sat in an almost dazed condition for several minntes. I had not time, however, was brought to me. TbU was iron Will. It oont&med; th sari at news which I might have expected " For God's sake, oome to me, Come to-night." Alas, it was impossible tor me to comply. I had a case to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Wiil telling him that I could not leave for Wales until the following evening, but that thai nothing should hinder my join ing him. 1 have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that 1 had pulled my patient through a severe Alness, and, weary but thankful, J stepped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Onoe again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for zaeon the platform. He came forward to meet me with much eagerness, shook my hand and looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, and his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi dently starred to its deaths. "Iammore than glad you have come," he said. Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wife insane before her death ; 1 now think that unless something is imme diately done for his relief, his brain will go." 44 Nonsense, nonsense," I retorted. ••Ray mond has as steady a brain as any fellow"! know." But then I stopped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history occurred to me, and I was silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but I knew nothing of the psychological history of his home. X made np my mind to treat the doctor's fears lightly, and proceed in a , ctaady and cheerful voice : — j 'Ton must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained." 44 Yes, yes," said Grey; 44 of course, any one would make allowance for grief an«? evsn violent distress, but the man's conduct is more ubu wunmc. uo you khow want ne done?" " No," I said. 44 What?" 41 He is going to take that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of the bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-ooming a good deal, he 06 js she shall cross the threshold of his house i dead or living. He has given orders that a coffin is to be made for her out of some of oak at Raymond Towers, and, In the mean- rime, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral prooes- aioais to start from here&t; 5 o'clock to-morrow morning." "So soon?" I inquired. " Yes, there has been an awful hurry about every thing- All arrangerDentearenow, however, complete. Raymond has engaged a special train, and the line is to be cleared along the entire route ; of conrae, at enormous expense. He has asked me to accompany but now that yon have arrived, that will scarcely be jie&essary.;" " Probably not, '' I answered. We bad by this time entered the house, and?Grey took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a dz&wingroom; where X had sat with Raymond a couple of days ago. He was not present ; I looked around for him anxiously. 44 He is in the room with his pior wife," Cftid Grey, noticing my perturbed glance; 44 he spends almost all his tune there. The worst place in the world for him, I should cay, in his present state of nervous excite ment." Well, X must go and find him," I gaid ; 44 but before I do so X shall be glad if yon will give me any particulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last moments. When I left Llaamordaff two nights ago, I had not the slightest fears for the poor girl's life. X was anxious, of course, with regard to her state, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her wipntpl Condition. When did a change for the worst take plaoe, and why was X not tele graphed for immediately ?" "There was no time. We none of us thought her dying until she was dead. X visitedher twice the night you left, and found her quiet and inclined to sleep. Shu seemed to like the woman I had sent into nurse her pro tem., and askedhertorit by her and hold her hand. The following morning she was very quiet and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o'clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and frit her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how aver, a very grey hue over her face, and won dered what her complexion was in health." 4 'She had a bright complexion, " X answered hastily. Wen, shoiookeirey, but there were no cteer symptoms to indicate any danger, and Itoought her oesire for deep majodiggL and Begged isllnrame to encoursgeithainucti as possible. Iepoke to Raymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to call again at soon. "lwas hindered oomine until near. nop 0 clock. I then saw her again ; she was asleep, breathing easily, and with a happy smile on her face. About a quarter past tome, I was just about to leave my house to see a patient at a little distance, when the woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tears, that Mrs Raymond was dead. 'She died in her eleep,' said the woman, without never a eigh or a groan. She just topped breathing, that was all.' " "I went over at onoe to the hotel to see her, hut Raymond had locked the door and wouldnot allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, hut he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. 1 heard him muttering and. moaning to him self, and is a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in hie eves. The moment he eaw me he told me I was a ' confounded fool,3 and need some more etrong expressions which I do not cam tore- peat. I asked to see the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a soul should look at hernow again except himself." " Then you did not eee her after death £ interrupted. "No; there wasno use in worming lie poor fellow.' "And now eLe is in her coffin f Icon- tinned. \- " Yes. fastened up : all readyforher last long journey." i said nothing further, and in a few moments was in Vi xR's presence. I must draw a veil over the scene winch feiUowed. Will's excitement was all too real. He could not keep still for a moment. n»« wyes were bright and giawiyKi. t,«8r mhiy - he had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he poured out a volley of saget words. Then he burst into the most mrattxendmjgroansl had ever listened to. The next moment his manner altered : he" laughed and told ma with an awful kind of ' glee of the arrangement he had made for the funeral. " I have ordered them to light bonfires," he exclaimed. ' Just the same as if Haggis were alive. We have often talked of those bonfires, and nothing pleased her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on oar home-coming. She shall have her ooming home all the same, Halifax. £ myself will help to bear her across the threshold of her house and mine. She shall deep for at feast one night under its roof before she goes to join the other wives oi our house in the family vault. That will please her— yes, that will please her, poor darling." " But she won't know anything about it," I replied. Will fixed me with his bright eyes. "How can you tell he retorted. " Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine? No, no ; you won't get ma to believe that. We are twin spirits, and it is im possible to port ob. Tnere was a cloud over the sweet soul daring the last few days of her life : bat Death bas lifted it, she is mine again now." He paused abruptly here, locked his bands together tightly, and gazed into the fire as if he were looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : " I have an impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will haunt Raymond Towers. Nothing will induce Maggie to stay in her grave when I am living dose to her. Do you believe in ghosts ?" £ retorted briefly. There was nothing : whatever for it bat to soothe the poor fellow, evidently on the borderland. Vfhen he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than absurd his different arrangements were. " You think you are showing respect for your poor wife's memory for aU this sort of thing," I said. "But you are greatly mis taken — people will pity her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." " It has not done that," he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. "I am all right as far as my brain is con corned, and if you think, Halifax, that £ care that" — snapping his fingers with a loud click as he spoke — " for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is dead, hut her spirit lives. Ail the future of my life will be devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until — until I meet her and clasp her again." There was an exalted sort , of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. There was nothing whatever for it but to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of woe take its course. Onoe again that night Z saw Grey. He was sitting in t he drawingroom of toe inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he came to the clause which obliged him to certify the fact of death having taken plaoe, hs had recourse to words provided in the oertioate for medical men who had not seen'tbe dead body. _"I regret beyond words," I said, "that vou did not see Mn Raymond after death. You are unable to state as an eye-witness toat you saw her. For my part I should be glad to see toe present few altered. £ would make it compulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." 11 That would be well in most cases," answered Grey, " but there sTe exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in tots case. Yon may remember toat I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond's extraordinary behavior.' " Well, it cannot be helped now," I said. "Poor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock — the stud syncope or shock was caused by the railway accident which occurred a few days ago. Were this known a coronerjs inquest would have been neces sary. lYe most be careful to say nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, which is for every reason to he avoided." " Certainly," said Grey. " By the way," I asked, "did the anise, who must have arrived from London yester day morning, ecs toe body ?" "No: Raymond would not allow her near toe room. Of course, Mrs M'Allister, the nurse from here, was obliged to perform the last duties to the dead, and toe under taker's men had to measure her for the coffin, or rather shell; but no one else has teen her, Halifax, except her wretched husband. lam told that he put her into toe coffin himself and screwed toe lid down with his own hands." I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my room. I had scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before £ was awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, bright Maggie Raymond 1 I re called her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier face it would have been difficult to find, bat even then I was attracted by something peculiar in her eyes — they were beautiful: bnt it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for the last time — she sat up in bed and played with her soft hair. Then toe mystery which d welt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which gave her that peculiar ex- pression. This insanity had been rudely awakened into active life by toe shock of the railway accident. Well, nowall was over. A short life had come to an abrupt termination. There was no use worrying about Maggie— she had gone to join toe majority. Nothing of life oonld affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret; was for poor Raymond. Through the long hours of too night I heard him walking up and down the room which contained his wife's coffin. Now and then I heard his groans, and once, good God ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through me. Was his case similar to his wife's ? Was he, too; faBt be coming insane ? I tamed over in my mind several plans for helping hi, and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we wezs all stirring, and at five o'clock on this winter's morning, in toe midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little Station, carry ing anttuir-wns mormivrf-poor-Mw-Jittnnond back to her husband's home. I do notthink in vny whole life I ever ex perienced anything longer or more utterly —'J — " «« jjiuuHj. vy e naa a saloon carnage to ourselves, in one corner of which the coffin -was placed. I was glad to find that the excitement which had rendered XfoymcmdTs conduct so etr≱ the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak ing a word, but now and then laying hie big hand with a careering movement on the lid of toe coffin, and now and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did sot like the smile, nor toe sort of satisfied expression on his face. Had he been plunged in toe deepest woe, I oonld have un derstood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as ranch in a world apart from mfe. as dead woman who lav in her coffin. I wondered how all this was going to end. and my fears with regard to Raymond's menial condition wem«nii<od«.iqB ' The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and in toe darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distent from Raymond Towers. Here toe statbamsstm and several gentle, men bom the neighborhood met ne. They were afl dressed in mourning, and I saw that tins fact roused poor Raymond's at once. -r— - "I don't want tins to be a mournful pro cession," he said, in a tasty tone, to a na«h- bor who came and with Jeep feriink toook toe pom fellow by toe band. " "I am conventional, and 1 don't wish anything con- : .Sutional to be done. Where is niv steward 5 VVhere is Eerring ?" fris'im?6' B""J" ntvreraa 4116 """hi "£ off " Bemntr, have yon attended to all W ordiOT — bonfires, .and aU toat sort of Baring muttered something which no one could quite distinguish. There was a bustle on toe platform owing to toe removal of the coffin, which was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet ototh. At this moment a teaching thingaavpened — rixyoung girls came forward and laid wreaths of white flowers on ing equiresiSb token of respect touched Raymond, who went up and ehookhands with one of them, and fortunately forgot to ask anything more about the bonfires. I eaw the gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hearty sympathy and condolences looking atone another in a very significant manner; and 1 also eaw toat the moment bad oome for tae to interfere. I went np and took my friend firmly by the arm. " Hands off," he said, pushing me from him with some violense. Bat I would not notice this. " Come," I said, " your carriage is writ ing. Don't make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with yon in the carriage. See, they are already moving forward with " " My wife — my bride !" arid Raymond. " How often we talked of this home-ooming ! Halifax, my daar fellow, I faal dazed. What has come to me?" " Yon are tired and worn out," I answered, soothingly. "Come." 1 took his arm, and he entered the brongham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall never forget toat journey. The slow pace of toe mourning oarriagee, toe solemn look of toe hearse on in front. It was a moon-lit and fine night, and the whole ghastly procession was, f could see, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were rafoPnEtoefet- ' lie entered the winding and splendid avenue which ted to the Towers, and after a time drew up at the principal entrance, in the centre of toe pile of buildings. " This door is never opened except for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," eaid Raymond, in a light tone. " Heigh-ho 1" he continued, "what a home-ooming for toe bonny bride." He sprang out of the carriage and went np to the hearse. The bearers came forward to lift the ooffin out. He pushed two of them ! ronghly aside, and himself helped to carry his dead wife across the threshold ot her home. The ooffin was placed on a raised dais in the great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Raymond, having helped to put toe ooffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. F ortnnately, this ghastly performance was more than he bad strength for. He suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from toe : scene. I immediately asked the fiaendly neighbors to leave us. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a slight sense of satis faction as I closed tne wide doors on toe last of them. An old, white-headed butler was standing in the hall. His face was perfectly scared. " Good God !" he exclaimed. " May I ask, sir, if you're a doctor " Yes," I replied. " Can you tell me what's the matter with my poor master 5" " He is ont of bis mind for the time bring." I answered, promptly. " Then God help us all," replied toe man. " What is your name ?" I inquired of him. " Jasper, sir. I have served the family for close on thirty vears. £ was' in rbn linn HO when Mr William waB horn. He was never quite like other feds, more shy like and morose a bit — but, oh, the change in him when he got engaged to Miss Travers ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, yonng lady "" " It was very-sodden," I replied. " I will tell you abont it later an. I don't mind say ing now that your master's condition fills me with anxiety, but the best thing sll the rest of us can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of toe steward?" " Berring, Mr Barring." "I wi& Bee him by-and-by. Have all preparationsbeen made for the funeral cere mony to-morrow ?'" ' 1 believe so, doctor — the oak coffin was Bent in to-day,"' 'Tell Mr Herring that I want to eee him before he leaves for toe night." " He will sleep here to-night, sir." " That is goad," I replied. "I am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to the study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring." "Yes, doctor.' The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, which was now almost covered with flowers. I looked at it, too, and could notbelp uttering a sigh as 1 thought of all the tragedy which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in Ms study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. He bad quite recovered from his temporary break down, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. "Come in," be said to me when he saw me aitoedoor: "not that we want vou — wean. very liappy here together ; I knew that we ehonld lie." I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further develop, meat of his insanity. He thought, poor fellow toat his wife was really bearing him company. After a moment's hesitation, I determined to speak in a cheerful tone. " Come, come," I B&id;, "even though you are happy you must not turn out an old friend." I drew a chair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. "She goes away when you come in," he said. " I wish you would leave us." "I will presently," I answered. " I want some sapper, and so do yen. Ah, and here it comes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper: thanks, that will do nicely." Hie man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to fiod that he was hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exalted and more natural in expression. " She's dead," he said, suddenly. " I can't quite realise it." " Have a glass of sherry," I interrupted. He took it from my hand and tossed it off. " She's dead," he continued, ' " although her spirit has come to me as I knew it would. Hers was too first dead body. lever saw. She looked beautiful in ber last sleep." "X aih "snresheHH£""" rSnswered. — «i- should like to have seen her." ' I always thought that dead people were cold, he continued; "hut she' was warm after death she was very warm. The next day she was cold, but not icy — not as books des cribe the dead.". "Shedied euddenly -end was yonng," I answered- " Sometimes-chemical changes ac count for warmth after death. Now, Ray mond, I am going to eee you to your room You must go to bed at once." "No ; I shall stay here." , " dust as you please," I answered. " There is a sofa here, a comfortable one. You must lie down and go to deep." "Jly dear fellow," he answered, ' ' I have not slept since Maggie died." 11 You will to-night, for I ain going to give ' you a steeping draught. " 'J 1 don't think Fll take it. Should she visit ma again, she would think my conduct heartless." "No, Bhe won't— she sleeps well, and so must you. Come, lie down. You need not even undress ; all I want yon to do is to rest." He was a bigger man then I, but £: forced him to obey mo. He lav flow u: obediently on the sofa. I put a rag over him, and then going to my beg -Which fey on the floor. I took out a small medicine chest, mixeda certain drauuht, and gave it to him. In fire minntes he was soundly asleep, mid i oonld leave the room. j Berring was waiting to speak to me. Old Jasper hovered about in the passages. Berring, assored me that, ell was ready for' the morrow's ceremony. . £ said I wished itto' be as quiet posribla, and to take plaoe early vq; toe day. Berringeaidttis should be done,, ana proposed that Mr Eerbert, toe vicari who was to officiate, should some and geefee toat' evening. : . - vv j _ "IwillBee him to-morrow," T said, "it is too Tate now." ' - ' ; ' Then the men began to question me with regard to Raymond. " Was he really in- sane ? Had Mrs Raymond gone oat cf her mind before she died? " " I am sorry that £ am unable to answer yon," I replied. " Mrs . Raymond died from the effects of shook, caused by a railway accident; and her husband's mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great care is exercised, however, and he is spared all undue excitement, I trust soon to eee an improvement in him. I am now going to mt in his room, and will' The men retired, and I went softly back to toe study, and sat down in a chair bj too fire. 'Raymond was sonnd asleep. I knew that by Ids traueuil and regular breath - i?ff- I also thought it extremely unlikely I that be would wake before the morning. The btomidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. Tnere was possibility also that he might awake calm, self-possessed, and in his right mindocoe more. (to be eosxiM.su.) 