FOUR DAYS THROUGH HISTORIC AND PICTURESQUE SCENES. By E. O'M What a host of memories the Freeman of the' 19th of May conjures up of my native parish of Kildorrery (the church of the two Kings) in announcing the death of the Rev. William Mazier Brady, D.D , and the publication of an Irish poem by John Claragh McDonell on the death of Col. James Dawson, translated by the eminent Dr. Douglas Hyde. The Rev. Mazier Brady I was personally acquainted with. He was of studious habits, and succeeded Dean Howe and Lord Mount Morris at the Rectory of Farrahy. I well recollect in passing near the Rectory in the early fifties, I was reading the weekly Telegraph, which was then edited by William Bernard McCabe, father of the late Cardinal M'Cabe. I was suddenly confronted by the Rev. Mr. Brady, and Mr. George Grehau, of Rutland-square, North Dublin, the latter of whom held estates at Clonmun and Tankerstown, in the County of Cork. One of the gentlemen remarked, after passing the compliments of the day, that there must be some matters of grave importance in the paper seeing how deeply I was interested in its contents. I replied that there was a very able letter from Dr. Cahill, which em- braced a wide range of questions that were both subtle and profound, and as I had read its con- ; tents I would leave it to them to read and study, remarking unless I was much deceived there was an intellectual treat in store for the two old Trinity boys. On my return (from Leshmanan- hish) some hours later I saw Dr. Brady in the Glebe evidently lost in mental abstraction or deep reverie, and learned afterwards that the paper I gave the gentlemen caused a great discussion between them. Was the incident productive of unforeseen results? Colonel Dawson, against whom the poet hurled such powerful invectives, who enjoyed a most unenvi- ' able reputation for arrogance and rapacity, is buried in the churchyard of Moolago (Ahacren) in the parish of Kildoreery. He was accustomed to sally forth in the dead of night, when flushed and excited with drink, with firearms in quest of persons who might in cold weather be taking a bundle of windfall sticks from his demesne, which once belonged to their ancestors. I have heard an amusing story related by an old veteran patriot some 50 years back, in connection with one of those nocturnal rides. His night watch- man, who attended him, hearing some noisy voices adjacent, suddenly exclaimed, "Your honor has mistaken my vocation. I would have made a great huntsman, your honor" and to convince his honor of his power he made the valley ring with ' Hark ! Tally Ho !' which vibrated along the sylvan glades. This aroused the ire of the field officer, who poured vials of wrath and execrations on the head of the watchman, declaring ihat his hideous and unearthly yell was sufficient to make all the furies of tho infernal regions scamper helter-skelter. Moolago is situated at the slopes of Kilclooney, near the Funcheon River, where the patriot Peter O'Neil Crowly fell after displaying matchless bravery against tbe troops. Three miles further on Clounkilla is reached, one of the seats and estates of Head-Centre John O'Mahony, and the late residence of his nephew, poor John Mande- ville, who succumbed to the inhuman prison rigours imposed by ' bloody ' Balfour. A mile ahead you come to Mitchelstown, the scene of tbe massacre. Mitchelstown square cannot be approached by an Irishman but with mingled feelings of horror and deep emotion. Mitchelstown Castle is the seat of the Earl of Kingston, and the birthplace of Viscount \- Kingsborough, the antiquarian and scholar. The extensive ruins of Galbally, near Aherlow, once a famous Franciscan monastery, still attract atten- tion. Duntry League, the birthplace of old Mr. Dalton, whose sons ere merchants in Sydney of high repnte, is near here. I spent a pleasant evening with the old gentlemen at the Daniel O'Connell Hotel, Orange, 88 years back, when we went over many interesting Irish reminiscences. Cloohan, where the saintly Father Sheehy was hanged, is near here. The Caverne, the fairy world of youth, must not be passed over, nor Kil- wort Mountains, the haunts of old Brennan, wno robbed the rich to give to the poor ; nor the famous jump at Oraglen River taken by the outlawed Q'Keeffe while being pursued by the yeoman cavalry. Lismore, once the seat of learn- ing and of science, is only a short distance from here. Ok the way back to Kildorrery, Rathcor- mack, Castlelyons, Fermoy Castle, Hyde, Bally- hooly, the Hag's Bed (Glanworth), of Scythian and Chaldean legends, can be seen. Wallstown Castle, the seat of James Byrne, Esq., J.P., called the bard and swan of Mulla, and where the last battle against the tithes was fought. Doneraile, famed for its scenery, and in whose valley the poet, through losing his watch and chain in Teapot-lane, composed the curse and praise of Doneraile. Kilcolman Castle, a few miles to the north, where the ' Faery Queen' was inspired and partly written by the poet Spenser. It was here, too, that the most hideous spectacle of desolation and woeful, heartrending scenes con- fronted him for 18 months, which he so graphi-i cally describes. ' Human beings were to be seen crawling on their hands and kneee, for they could not stand on their legs ; they looked like anatomies of death. They spake like ghosts crying out of their graves. They did eat the dead carrion, and happy where they could find them. My pen refuses to proceed further with the sickening and harrowing details of tearing corpses from the graves,' &c.; Ballyhourer Mountains, whose fche exploits of Count Redmond O'Hanlon may be heard of, is close by, and Mallow, famed for its mineral springs, and the birthplace of Thomas Davis, whose poems and writings have stimulated and aroused the spirit of noble daring. That romantic garden of Europe, amid the sublime grandeur of its 100 isles and meandering streams, Killarney lakes, can be reached from here by train in less than two hours. Starting afresh for the City of the Violated Treaty you pass Red Chair (Quitrent), where the princely O'Neil passed in his triumphal march to Inishcarra as un- crowned King of Ireland. Ardpatrick is only four miles distant, with its historic and pictu- resque ruins. On a clear day you can see the river Shannon, Limerick, and the Golden Vale at its base which Oliver Cromwell said was worth fighting for. It was here also that Ossian poured out his soul in glorious song over the last of his great heroes. The following is a translation fro Dr. O'Leary :— With joy it thrilled my heart, I vow, To sit upon the mountain brow, And all the glorious landscape view, the seven brave Fenian bands around, In peace and war still faithful found ; Then merry and gay in Summer ray they frolicked and they shone. But Autumn blast it came. Away they passed and I am left alone. My fate in tears may dim your eyes and awake your tender sympathies. Gippsland, June 1, 1894. 