TO THE EDITOR. Sir,— There can bo no doubt of the im portance of the subject now opened up in your correspondence columns, and a dis passionate discussion of the question. "Tho Church and Amusements," should do much good. 1 should like to draw attention to some points which, so fur us tlie discussion has gone, do not seem to mo to have re- colved sufficient attention. Allow mo to sny, then, that I think that 1\. No good can come of the hurl in" of epithets back and forth. Nothing is gained hy tho Outls 1 party shouting "fanatic" or by the other party shouting retorts equally uncomplimentary. 2\. Iu this discussion the rights of con science must he recognised. So far as I can see, there Is no reason why the Metho dists or any other body of Christians should not frame rules of life, and say:-« "These wo think harmonise with Christian propriety, and by these we abide." x® one is obliged to enter such an organisa tion, hut if he does so ho cannot, cxpict tha rules to be suspended for his benefit. At the same time, Mr. Bavin did well to say that he did not profess to be the koept-r of the consciences of brethren in oilh r de nominations. To their Master they stand or fall. 3\. Flowing out: of the foregoing sk;rc:nnnt is another. Recognising that a man i responsible to God and not to his Rilow man in the matter of amusements, ns of other things, it has also to be borne in mind that thero are varying degrees of enlightenment in the conscience. Georce Whitfield (one of tho most ardent of evan gelists) passionately defended slavery, .b-hq Newton (one of lite sweetest of evangeli cal hynm writers) commanded a :d;i\\..,-p and it was some time after his cmve;..- ,!j before ho saw his Inconsistency. Great num bers of Southern ministerHpreached in fa/np of slavery. Wo do not deny that were good men. We do donv ibm ti.»-y acted well in regard to the matter of -::j. very. So tlie fact that certain good m-n advocate cards, dancing, and tin; tlt-rma is no proof that these are good this-:., So far as I (tail understand Paul's only basis of certitude in this matte'.' Is im pressed in the phrase: "My consciencft also bearing me witness in the Holy Ghost," To come to a more particular application of these principles. 4\. As to (lie theatre. T have no doubt that a number of self-respecting rn"n ami modest, women have been to the Lyimurn to see tho Tableaux Yivants, and (wb.n «a more horrible still to contemplate) Imva taken their children. So. 110 doubt at the Christmas reason the same peopp. v.iu take their children to see a small array of female:; who wear very little more clo thing than tlie Tableaux Yivants. And vet, such spectacles as are now being pre sented to Sydney theatre-goers justify Ten nyson's lines: — Authors— essayist, a? hoist, novelist, realist. rhymester, play your part, Paint the mortal shame of Nature with tho living lines nf An. Rip your brothers' vices open, strip your own foul passions bare; Down with Reticence, down with Revor'nun;— forward— naked— let. them stare. "Forward — naked — let. them stnro." Is tho watchword at tho Lyceum just now. Rut, alter all, it is only the culmination ef a process of increasing denudation. Vet, some Christian tnen aud women have jm- tronised, and, no doubt, will patronise again, such performances. And others, avoiding this extreme, will pay lh"ir mousy to see unobjectionable plays — few emuiglj, unfort unaU'iy — whereby Lln-y support U.u institution as a whole, and furnish thy lessee of tbe theatre with money to bring out objectionable plays. But why do tpicd men and womcu act thus? I suitpo.se tho true answer (or a great part, of the answet) would be found hi tlie words "custom unl tashion." "What our set does" is with many a sort, of eleventh commandment in favor of which all Die other tea must, if necessary, bo superseded. H is not that these people deliberately resolve to do wrong. Jt is that, they have not pondered the matter. Or, if they have pondered the mattei', that to stand out. against fashion and custom makes too great a u pro and upon tlieir courage. 5\. Cards and dancing. Tlie case against cards and dancing seems to rest on some what different 'grounds. It is not so rnudi the tilings themselves, as their association — it would seem their inseparable upsnyia- tions — which aro objected to. Apart from gambling, I have never board anyone seriously contend that there could he any more harm in cards than in quartets. But the trouble is that card-games are arran ged witli points and counters upon tho prineipio that the players intend to gamble. And Christian parents who object to cards do so on Die ground that, as they do not initiate their children into Die use of burg lars' tools, so they do not propose to initiate them into Die use of gamblers' tools. It is true that they might nover put them to the gambler's uses; but, seeing that gambling is a national vice, one may well pause before taking a step which might pavo Die way to the gambling table for our children's feet. Again, as to dancing. IC square dances were substituted for round dances, and ladies were becomingly attired, and lho exercise were indulged in amongst people who knew and could trust one another, and within tho circle of the Christian home, and concluded at a reasonable hour, I don't know that objections would bo raised against it. But this is rather a for midable regiment of "ifs." I must say tho style of dress (or, more properly speaking, of undress) affected by ladies on State oc casions is very astonishing to me. Re affirming what I have said about Die cha racter of some who support the theatre as applicable to some of those who support balls, I must express my conviction that dancing, as commonly carried on, is, un cording to the phraseology of Die Alethodlrt rulcs,"coiitr:iry to Christian propriety," and not healthful in its influence. Airs. Brown ing's description of Lady Wnldemar Is ap propriate here: — Those ubibaster shoulders and hare breasts, Dm v. hich tlie pearls, drowned out of sight lo milk. MYre lest, ex-'oplbig for the ruby-clusp! Tiicv split i Iu; amaranth velvet-bodice down To tin? waist, or nearly, with the audacious press Of Rill-breaUu'd boauly. H tho heart within MYj.' half as white!— but. If it were, pcrhupi, TJu» breast were closer covered, and the sight L' ; s aspertablo, by half, too. This letter is already too long;''but I hop® yon may be able to find room for a few ad ditional words. 1 began this letter with nn affirmation of the claims of the Individual d. Should we. noL also consider Die idainis of other people's consciences? apposing thai, u minister of a church sees no harm in an amusement or occupation which would prove a stumbling block to largo numbers of Ids people, should ho not deny himself Die gratification of personal pleasure for their sake? Here comes in a law ol' Christ iau chivalry. It applies in lis measure lu church members as well as to ministers. The law of freedom to do is balanced by that, of freedom not to do when the interests of others so require. And 1 hen, Kir. which is, perhaps, the most important point of all — 7\. We have not settled Urn amusement question when we have settled what are lawful amusements. As a very minute dose of poison might not do a man so much harm as a very tremendous meal of good food, so a very small amount of compara tively objectionable amusement might not do so much harm as an enormously dispro portionate amount of unobjectionable amusement. Not a few visitors have poin ted out thai amusement is carried to ex cess in t hese colonies. Too much time, too much Diomrht. and too much money are given to it. Yours, etc., \VM. ALLEN. Palace-strcet, Petersham, August 2'J. 