TRANSFORMED. ' - BT ELLA CHEEVEB GOODWIN. " ' PART II.1 " Then yon are not acquainted witn uenaf" Said Dexter,: disappointed. £' shade passed over his face. . "Ho, I am not acquainted with Celia. Ad dington.! have not seen her since she' was « ft yonliAd hA. in a lour f.rma " -vr«w« -V, — - — " "But yon saw her then !'' eried Daxter, with- joy at this new bond between them. V.You- will be interested to know how lovely Bhe is now,' and will let me talk to you about hier, will you not? She will seem nearer to me, and not bo .utterly loBt, if I may." . /' Yes, yes 1" said Mr. Ellison, eagerly. "Tell me all you know of her 1" Then he looked- searchingly at him, and suddenly held out his hand, and said earnestly, "You love her. 1 will do all in my power to help you \- unravel the mystery that separates you. Dexter pressed his hand warmly, and found, some way, a little comfort in the words. As Mr. Ellison did not explain further in regard to his acquaintance with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him! ... But after this the talk between them was ' ' always- of Oelia. The elder man seemed never . weary of listening, any more than the "younger was of talking. But neither could \- hud a clue to the enigma of her Btrange de cision, - ' I do not believe the reason is a real one, though Bhe, poor child, believes it to be," Mr. ElliBon said many times. ''It is some- thing he has made her think — though what — or why— r—' " .' And here he would fall into a reverie, and v a dark frown would come over his face. He .advised Dexter, however, to ascertain Mr. Addingtou's whereabouts, if possible; and, although the young man could see no good . which would result if be learned them, since . Celia had declared her resolve unalterable, he finally wrote to his father, requesting him to find out where the Addingtons had gone if he 4 could, or any guide to their, present abode. aJTiHiiig despatched this letter, he grew so im potent for a reply that he could hardly wait \- thnesaryipteraL..-.- . As htfclifiopa as there seemed in aay evfint the fact. knowing juBfc where Celia was would'bring her, a trifle nearer to him, since -it waarbetter than nothing to beoertain-of her whereabouts. He was doomed to disap pointment, however. His father replied promptly, and stated that he had found and . " questioned Mr. Arlington's lawyer, but that he said he was unacquainted with his former client's present place of residence ; that he had at first gone to New York, but had after ward moved from that city, since when all .. knnsrtacu vfll II finvfl rlo/1 HOC Can notntofin +VlfllTl \- UUDUivDO Jtciwviury umu uwhuvu vbunr.bu liiuLU, Mr.-Hartwick atfded to his own opinion that the lawyer's manner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addington, for some rea son, did not wish it generally known where he had gone. '"X Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to hiB friend. "As I thought," the latter remarked, when ha had read it. " JeromekAddington fears you, and has taken precaiMAs to prevent your following him, should ¥ou. wish to do bo. He . is determined to 'teep you and Celia apart. Bit do not k discouraged, \- my dear boy. We will findhaa out yet." 44 But how ?" asked Dexter. m 3 Mr. Ellison refleoted. \- 5 "I think I will write to this ftvyer," he re plied, at length. " It-/ is probwle Mr. -Ad- diogton's instructions related particularly to those who might have any Cbiw&ion; with you. If I, a Btranger from 8»stant city, write to him, I may obtain soB irifotma- tton." - M " And if you do ascertain whn she ia( what then ?" asked Daxter, 'wistfujB, Mr. Ellison laid his hand ou himshoulder IB he responded kindly : — . "We will be guided by oiroumsilpoQB. I -have a plan which I will disclose Iheu.the proper time shall oome. . Until we bjve tried do not despair."- . m i ; His assured manner-ade Dext A feel a I little hopeful. $ - m. L . " How can I ever repay yon if youmhould I be the means of giving my darling wk to I 'me ?" he cried with an out-burst omfeal- . 1 "" Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmMical look which Dexter could not fathom. E aome way seemed to add to his oohfidence-in" ELjjg new -friend's pSwer. ; - 1 -The letter was written at once, and . Dexter had just dropped -it into a post-office bos, and was about to cross the street, when his heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in. heavy < \- thumps, For, .walking slowly along on the qppoaite side of the street, he saw Mr. dington and Celia I Neither observed Mm, and Dexter gazed again on that 'dear face from whioh the former warm oolor had. gone, ' and could see how melancholy had' changed placeB with the old misohievousnasa id dark eyes. A horse's head in close proximity to his own'ronBed him. to a sense of his environ ments, and, stopping net to hear the curses . of the driver, Dexter.rushed abross the street, . and followed oh after Celia and Mr. Adding-, ton, keeping, however, at a safe and cautious distance. His heart bled at the ravages the past few mouths had made upon her he loved so. well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion whieh was apparent in Mr. Ad- dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the cause. Ie was 'surprised at catchiag a look of iiug fear upon Celia's face onoe when ned it toward Mr. Addington. He rer before Been anything out confi- ,nd affection in her regard. What i mean ? Was it a sequence oi the ? flowed them until they tamed into a set, then stood at the corner long to mark the -house at whioh they ; after which he hurried back to. Mr. solace of business, and hurriedly and at incoherently informed him of what .perned. - lllisco's excitement was as great as i, but he calmed himself with an tunc has favored you, my boy," he th a tender lingering upon the last :-4« . " Now will you trust me and take tee?'-' was Dcxter's eager reply, n go —the sooner the better — and de- I Mr. (tddiugton, as your right, a for Cblia'a abrupt dismissal of the man he promised to marry. Ill," said Dexter, firmly. >d. I will go with yon.'! 1 ?" surprised. . . 1 think. I may have some influence roiuo Addington." ir Itli a strength at this aesursnoe' ie had not before, alihongh he undw- i little what he meant. s afternoon they both stood together at ir of tbe present borne of Celia. An woman (newered their ring, whose icated suspicion and ill temper. She a selected to take old Margaret's plade ese - very characteristics, probably, li -Dexter. She eyed them- sullenly informed them that Mr. Addington will go in and wait until he returns," xter, quietly, and pushed his way by _ lugh the half open-door. Mr. Ellison . foflewed, and they both stepped into the Ss/r'jrlrir. . r:t; " Well," snarled the woman, entering after . .t.lhem, "perhaps I'd better send for a pplice- Minan. Ton; came into the house more like -thieves - than honest men. I tell yon my master is oat, and I don't know when he will can watoh as,, if you are afraid of |';;ronr.tealirig anything," said Dexter. 44 But .V W.e intend to wait here until Mr. Addington '-rtnfns." f\\- ' I What's your business?" she demanded. . !':Our business is , with Mr. Addington," Ellison, calmly ®lJ$A:..-wbman.-r glared' , at. them, muttering |i«bru$hm ttep flounced out and left them. IJTi|wu men eiohanged a look, but neither leaned against the piano, and rated himself in i row an air isT a where he happened to atop" He had hardly done so when Mr. Addington stepped in at -the door and stopped on the threshold, his face paling as his eyes fell on Dexter. The baok of a large arm-ohair Bleeped Mr. Elli son from his view. -" It is you, then, is it ?" said Mr. Adding- ton, as so on as he could recover, himself enough to speak. Then he carefully closed the door, and, standing before it with folded arms, 'fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised bate, as he went on: .''You have oome to persecute my'niece, I suppose. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl 1 But you will find it is I with whom you will' have to deal, not her." \- " I have not come with the purpose of per secuting any one," returned Dexter, steadily, and not shrinking under the gaze of tne other. " It was. accident alone whioh brought to my knowledge the fact of your presence in this oity. But I am not satified to be dis-' missed as I have been without the least ex planation. I know Celia loved me even when she sent, me away. For her sake— to spare her pain — I went. But of you £ demand the reason whioh oaused her to do as she did. . 1 am not willing to Bubmit without knowing all, because the happiness of . my life is in volved." - . Mr. Addington regarded him intently with out answering, and appeared to be debating within himself. Finally he aBked, — " Will yon be satisfied and leave us alone if I give yeu a full explanation ?" " If the facts justify it." As Mr. Addington was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed gently open. " Do not come in," he cried abruptly, but too late. Celia had seen Dexter, and leauedagainst the door pale and trembling. There was anguish and reproach in the eyes she allowed to rest on those of her lover. He, no le&i; moved, had difficulty in restraining himself from goihg to her and clasping her in his arms. Mr; Addington stood irresolute, gnaw ing his fingers! No one notioed Ellison, who still remained concealed behind the chair iu his accidental seclusion. Celia was the first to break the silence. " It was cruel to us both to come, Dexter!" said she, pitepusly. " I "told you there was no hope. Ah I why will you make it so hard — so hard?' Her voice broke and Bhe burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly, — ." You see, young man, the misery your pre- . sence . causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I - will accede to t:u> demand. Celia, dear, he dame to insist upjn knowing everything, and 1 now think it best that he should'." His tone changed to gentleness as be ad dressed' her. Endeavoring to suppress her "sobs, she replied, — "You wished the Becret kept,' and so, too did' I. But I— I think he has a right to know.,? . At this Mr. Addington turned again to Dex ter. " It is a painful disclosure," he commenced with a harsh, grating sound inhis-tone; "I yield to its being drawn from me that she need be no longer troubled by your solicita tions. To be brief, my brother's wife, Calia'u mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which lor generations had never failed in its prey. In a sane interval before her death. she made me promise that her daughter should never marry, but that the curse might end with her. You know now why 1 tried to guard her by strict seclusion from the possibility of a love affair." Dexter Btood mute with horror. He saw that Celia was right ;' that the barrier between thein was indeed .impassable ; but worse even than iii at .was the thought of such a fate hanging like a suspended sword above -the head of the w;omsu he loved. He forgot Mr. Ellison, and everything except that remorse less hand of destiny. " You understand now, Dexter, how wrong we were to love," said the pin .l tive voice ox Celia. Her face was hidden in her handker chief. A stillness followed the words. " Why have you told Her this story, Jerome Addington?"' It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence, and Celia looked up st artled to see a gray head rising behind the large arm-ohair. She gave a cry of surprise and fright, but Burely she had no reason to fear the look she met, which was kind almost to tenderness, and protecting. Dexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence, looked at him wistfully, wondering what his words meant, but not daring to hope. Upon Mr. Addington the effect of tbis sudden ap parition of an unsuspeoted fourth in the in- tsmtw was strangely marked. He started baok, and then, as his eyes searched 'the tfcce, recognition came into his own, and he stared. at him appalled, as if he had Been a ghost. "I see 'fou remember me, although it is many yea a since we have met, and I have changed r :uch since then," said Mr. Ellison, auk-sly. " I had not intended to play the listener here, but, as it so happened I took advantage of' the riroumstancss. Had you faithfully discharged your trust, you would' have had no reason to fear me as you do now." Mr. Addington had lost every partiole of self-possession. He cast a fearful glance around, and his eyes were full of . anguish as they rested on the wondering Celia. " I thought you were dead long ago, Amos Ellison," he stammered. " Why- have you come to interfere now? Remember your promise," " When her happiness. is at stake, that pro mise is nothing," was the decided reply ; and Mr. Ellison came and stood in the centre of the rooma " Was not the sacrifice all for her welfare ?" he oontinued. " You have made it necessary that she should know the truth now. Why you have done as you have, I do not . know, unless it is for -some reason so monstrous that I shrink from believing it." Mr. Addington's head dropped, and the per spiration started out of his templeB. Mr. Ellison turned from him to Celia, and con tinued in a different tone, — " My child, will you try and think as kindly as possible of the revelations I have to make to yon? Be prepared for a great surprise. I must first say a few words about myself. I have all my life been an unfortunate man. I grew discouraged finally, aud after my dear wife died, rather than allow my- child to be involved in the fate which seemed mine; I gave Her to' another — a rioh -man who could rescue her fropi the life of toil she would have had with tne, and give her the advantages I knew well I myself never . could obtain for her. My own feelings I . put aside for her sake, and bore patiently the sorrow of her loss. Celia, you are that child, and I am your father." Celia cast a bewildered glanoe around, and then something in her heart reiponded to the appeal in Mr. Ellison's eyes, and she went to him-. " I am glad you have oome to me, my father,'.' the said gently. - Mr. Ellison's .face was transfigured as he put his arias round her. Something of the look was reflected in Dexter's, who now seemed to eee a glorious gleam of light breaking through the clouds. All the truth dawned upon him, as it bad not yet upon . Oralis. " I do not quite, see how it all is," she said, after a moment of silence. " You are my fatter — then you must be my uncle's bro ther 1" She looked inquiringly at Mr. Addington, but be did not speak or glanes up. "Do you understand, dear?" said Mr. Ellison. " Mr. Addington is " " Stop 1" commanded Mr. Addington. The pupils of his eyes dilated so that the. whole eye seemed black. VLet me be the one to tell her. That right Iyrill have. Celia have I ever been anything but kind to you ?" " Never— never, dear uncle," replied the astonished girl. . ' " Then for the sake of the ejection which has over existed between us, you oan perhaps .try and forgive the wrong I have done you — yes, for I have .done yon wrong. - Listen, Celia. Many years ago, when I waB oom- paritivelya young mat, I was. deceived and., betrayed gy tt woman I loved. This oaused ' me to Sard aua i?t i needed affection, and I took a fancy to take some child and bring her up to be true and sincere, as I believed other women were not. . Chance. threw me in the way of your father! Celia, a struggling; half frantic man, and you became mine'. "As years went on, you grew dearer and dearer to me, as a child 6f my own might have been. fMy love was' pure and honest then. . But when you o.ame back from school; and I saw you in the beauty of your woman hood, and knew -you to be all I Had hoped, my ideal woman, then, Celia,- 1 remembered I was not your ancle, and loved yog with a different love." - At these words Celia shrank baok close to her father, and covered her. face with her' hands. She comprehended now the looks of his which of late had surprised and frightened her, and in her outraged feelings forgot for the moment the shadow whioh his revelation had romoved. ' "I loved 'you, Celia, with, the passionate love of a man who might have had the right had not you believed him to be .your uncle," \- went on Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison with pity, and Dexter with horror. " In my jealousy, I kept you seclud d, as I thought, from the chance of any lover, and I was already planning to .win you to regard me in a different, light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter rible moment that nay precaution's had been in vain,' and you loved. In my agony! re solved to separata you from him at all haz ard" spd I did. I meant, when your fanoy for HTm had gone, as I hoped it would in, time, .to tell you-the' truth— that my brother's .wife died insane, .but was; not your mother,' and tnat I loved you." . Involuntarily, Celia 'raised her eyes, shin-, ing' with the gladness of the few words which had momentarily blotted out all the others, to thoEe of her lover, that responded with the same jfcy. Then she remembered M-. Ad- dingtonVA Bhadow crossed the brightness of her face. $SHe hesitated, then she said, fal- teringly, — " Uncle— let me call you uncle still, for 1 can never think of you otherwise— for the - sake of all that has been, I forgive you the Buffering that you have caused, and— arid' — pity you." . : " My punishment is Bevere," he returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance of those words will oomfort me, but now I can only -remember that! have lost you. That is , penance enough for a thousand heavier sins than, mine. Try and think cf me as I was. I leave you to those who have the right I have forfaited." . Giving her a last look so full of wretched ness she never forgot it, he turned and' went out of the room, and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes as she gazed after h'im. " "I have no uncle now," she murmured s'sdly. " Then she threw her arma. around Mr. Ellison's neck. "But I- have fo and a father 1" ' " And I — am I nothing ?" asked D.-xtrar. " You are ray son now," ssid Mi's Ellison, and plaoed Celia's hand in his. '. She'smiled through her tears, :and her face flushed as i's had not for many a day, as D x- ter took her from-her. father's arras and drew her to' his heart. The .clouds winch, hnogovsr them passed away, and the .brbt sun was shining. — - ( Concluded.) Saveral deaf persons in a Massachusetts, rural commnniiy 'are circulating a petition prkying the liegralasura to give thern a hear-' ing. Parson— ""Where's your pa, Johnny?" Juh&ny; — ".Well, I ain't goin' to lie about it. He's been experi'mentin' .with one of these yere parachute things like the man dropped. out'n. the balloon with .the other day : and last time be tried usin' ma's urn- breP and come down in the well. I ain't got the courage to go. an'- see if he's got hold of the handle. ' Geelong mamma-" You can't toast that, cheese, Dot, it's too old." Little Dot — " Well, it don't know much if it is-old," . , " Don't know much ?" - ' " No ; jest aB soon as it begins to-feel the fire it jumps' right into it." " "Yes." said a convalescent and classic patient, " eve'n the Greeks suffered with the .ill-I- ad." "Possibly," remarked the doctor, "as your complaint was rath5r odd-I- see." Nothing will pii't murder into a man's heart quicker than to unsuccessfully try to open a refactory car-window for a pretty girl, and have a man about two sizes bigger than he is, step across and open it almost without an effort. Ifyoumust do as the Romans do when you are in Rome, you should do as the Mil liners .do when you are in Milan. " My dear," said a husband, gently rous ing his wife — the. lady was dangerously ill— " Mrs. DeHobson called a little while ago and left her love and sympathy for you. She seemed deeply afiectcd. " John," said the sick lady in a' very weak tone of voice, as she slowly unclosed hei- eyes. " what did she have on ?" "Papa, what does E pluribus uaum mean?" " " It means ' one of many,' my son." " Well, papa, as you have many children, ain't! an E pluribus unum?" Mother— Who has been drinking the milk ? Tell the truth now 1" "John — " It was me. I wanted to see if it was sour." Mother—" Well, what if it was?" John — " Why I wouldn't have drank it, then." . 