THE "SPOOK" MANIA. The well-authenticated discoveries which attended a Spiritualistic Seance last week should about put a full stop to the new form of insanity with which Sydney has lately been visited. In this age of reason and enlightenment, it is something shameful to find "Demon- ology" openly practiced and championed by many a venerable and stolid citizen, who probably knew more of the mysteries of true religion when, as an infant, he prattled the Lord's Prayer at his mother's knee. Not satisfied with the simpler elements of the doctrines inculcated for ages and transmitted with the heredity of Christianity, these fanatics, "go a-whoring after wizards, familiar spirits and strange gods." They raise up Ghosts, and manifest Astral- bodies from far-off Spirit-Land, or rather they pretend to, and delude idiots into endorsing their impostures and corrobo- rating their false pretences. Unfor- tunately for the Spiritualist craze, which is revived in Sydney every fifth year, or when fresh crops of fools emerge into the mystery-market, some sceptics have bowled out the fraud in such a thorough and convincing manner as to leave no possible room for doubt. At a recent Seance, at Mrs. Mellon's home in Waverley-road, Sydney, the spirit of a black girl perambulated the room and refreshed its ghostly self with such tangible luxuries as chocolate creams, to the utter wonderment of the bulk of the beholders. Mrs. Mellon, an exalted priestess of the new Order of Humbugs, was supposed to be concealed in a Cabinet, and to act as the medium in the creation of the ghostly visitant. When, however, a sceptical eye-witness seized the Spook by the ankle, and the lights were turned on, it was found that the Spirit was Mrs. Mellon herself, who was crouched on her knees, disguised in fantastic wrappings, and minus her shoes and stockings. One would naturally imagine that this exposure would put an end to the Fraud and False Pretence; but it seems that Spiritualists are even greater fools than the non-lunatic section of the populace imagine them to be. When caught red-handed, as it were, Mrs. Mellon pleaded that the Ghost had been there, but that, at the very moment, of contact between the sceptic and the Ghost, an Unseen and Mysterious Power (Satan probably!) precipitated her out of the Cabinet into the spot till then occupied by the vanished Ghost. The lightning-like celerity with which the precipitation must have taken place ought to be an extremely "hard nut to crack," even for the credulous idiots who had been imposed upon by means of masks, false beards, and other disguises worn by the practical-jokers who personated the Ghosts! And yet, strange to say, even this explanation finds disciples and champions, who swear by hollow mysteries and discard the evidence of their own eyes. They preferred to believe in the Spooks which they were not privileged to touch and handle, and to disbelieve in the existence of the masks, etc., which were unearthed from the wonderful Cabinet, and thrust under their Spiritualistic noses. Probably these infatuated idiots have practised deception so long and so successfully that, at last, they are able even to deceive them- selves. Among those who swallow Mrs. Mellon's "fairy-tale" as pure and unadulterated gospel, is that eccentric scientist, Dr. McCarthy. This gentle- man—who on all other points is perfectly sane, and, as a medical man, holds high professional status—professes to have discovered that the apparitions are the result of "Psychic Force." Psychic devilry! In the manifestation in ques- tion, it appears that Mrs. Mellon's counterfeiture of the Ghost was the most forcible feature in the evening's panto- mime, and even this succumbed before the superior force of the gentleman who grabbed her by the heels in the midst of her deceptions. Doctor McCarthy appears, in regard to this latest imposi- tion, to be as much at fault as he was when he wrote many learned letters to the Daily Press to prove that Sala's piece of stonemasonry—nicknamed "the Marble Man''—was the petrified remains of a human-being. The imposi- tion was afterwards confessed, and the mortgagee seized "the Marble Man" for debt, locating it in a cellar at the "Evening News" office, where it occasionally inspires no inconsiderable share of the leading matter in that veracious and respected print. In another portion of the paper will be found an article on the subject from the pen of Doctor McCarthy. His extraordinary recitals will be read with especial interest in view of the exposure which has just taken place. Not less instructive is the letter written by a Christian clergyman—the Reverend George Walters— who wasted his precious leisure by attending one of Mrs. Mellon's and Doctor McCarthy's Seances, and who gave the performance his benediction in print in the words following:— "The need for further investiga- tion, in a candid, unprejudiced, and scientific spirit, is the attitude I would myself adopt." (Reverent) GEORGE WALTERS. Doubtless it will surprise the reverend gentleman to learn that the "further investigation" was conducted "in a candid, unprejudiced, and scientific spirit," and that it ended in a demonstration that the simple-minded clergyman had been imposed upon by a lot of Tom-foolery and frivolity, not altogether undiluted with false pretences. Perhaps he, too, will be gulled by Mrs. Mellon's explanation. The community generally will, we trust, admit that the bottom has been knocked out of the Spook business, and that Spiritualism is a maniacal form of idiotic idolatry, impossible of adoption by men and women with sound minds in sound bodies; and the few witches and wizards who still practise the unholy imposition and pretend to believe in it, should be immediately apprehended by the police on the well sustainable charge of Lunacy. 