Miscellaneous Mail News. From the latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items : — The marriage of Prince Adolphus of Teck and a daughter of the Duke of Westminster is to take place on November 28. It will be attended by the Duchess of York, sister of the bridegroom. There is to be a joint celebration of the golden wedding of the Earl of Bradford, the silver wedding of his son, Viscount Newport, and the coming of age of the latter's eldest son. Mr. Horsley, of Soham, has been celebrating his 102nd birthday. Beyond being a little deaf, he is in excellent health, and still works in iis garden. When 100 years of age he attended the wedding of his granddaughter, and gave her away. An author named Simms, who when a boy lost both hands through being caught in machinery, and now writes with a piece of leather fixed on tho stump of his right arm, has just published a book on the bibliography of Staffordshire. Ladies and gentlemen are said to be hop -picking in Kent as a cure for insomnia, the hop being re garded as an opiate. A railway is likely to be constructed to the summit of Snowdon, and a large hotel is to be erected there. The electric underground railway, which is to run under the Thames from the Mansion House to Waterloo station, will be a mile and a half in length. The city terminus will form a monster circular sub way, occupying the whole space fronting the Mansion House. Since the opening of the Tower Bridge, the daily number of foot passengers has been 55,509, and of vehicles 6074. Excavations show that Pompeii, which existed six centuries before Christ, was well paved and well sup plied with drinking water. Some of the earliest in scriptions related to elections. The year's excavations at Troy have been confined to laying bare the entire fortified wall in the Bixth layer of the ruins. Excavations in Upper Egypt brought to light a set of wooden statuettes of soldiers, showing the cos tumes of the troops of the Pharaohs. The Soudanese of to-day axe clad and equipped exactly like the pyramid-builders. Blood oranges are now prepared artificially, the ordinary oranges being punctured and a small quantity of claret injected. Every animal kept by man, excepting the cat, is taxed in Austria, and now there is actually a pro posal to tax cats. Some boys lighted cigarettes and handed them to the monkeys in the Paris Zoo. The animals puffed away with evident enjoyment. The partial demolition of Doctors' Commons, St. Faul'sChurchyard, is going on, including a room over the archway, in which Sir Christopher Wren de signed the plans for the cathedral. The office for the issue of marriage licenses will be removed to Creed-lane. Mummy wheat, taken from an Egyptian tomb, trag recently planted by Lord Winchilsea to see if it possessed the germ of life; but it merely rotted away. This announcement called forth letters in some of which it was positively stated that wheat and peas, at least 3000 years old, taken from mummy cases readily grew on being planted in this country. Others record unsuccessful attempts, and declare ! that growth after such a lapse of tune would be an impossibility. It is estimated that in London alone nearly one million pawntickets are issued every week for sums under 10s. The Exhibition at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, embraces the confectioners', bakers', grocers', and allied trades. Some 40,000 loaves made in tka hall were sent to aid the families of the Scotch miners on strike. The recent cab-strike cost £8111, the income from collections, fees, &c;, exceeding that amount by £91. The London General omnibuses carried 65,000,000 passengers in the last half-year. A post-card, posted in Hamstead to an address not five minutes' walk from the sender's house, made a Journey of 26,000 miles. In the post the card slipped into a newspaper bound for Tasmania. On reaching Tasmania the card was discovered and returned to the sender in a letter. Ladies in London have taken to wearing a minia ture watch outside the dress or jacket, suspended by a slender chain, which in turn is attached to a brooch pin. It is a great temptation to thieves, and already scores of West-end ladies have been robbed in broad daylight. Some watches thus carried off were studded with jewels. Another attempt to revive the dreaded crinoline has failed* A ' ghost,' which was to be seen waltzing nightly near Dorchester, was captured by a party of men and women armed with sticks, and turned out to be a labourer draped in white. The man's wife was actually one of the attacking party, ana the ghost was so bruised with the sticks that he had to be taken to the hospital. At Sunbury a gentleman was sued for nonpay ment of a year's rates on his country house. The defendant objected that for half a year the house was shut up while he was living in town. The magis trate decided that the defendant was not liable to be rated while the house was empty. . ' 