_. SHORT STOR Y. Robber Bears at San Mateo. By Nathan D. Urnor. s p- + Tr the early days of the Colorado gold fever it would have been difficult to make ' the inhabilants of the little Mlexican village of I'oebla (Iow l'uebla City) beliere that Captain Vasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the Ian M?lateo range, was not ittelligently and effectually assisted in his successful d.i I flnceo of efforts to capture him, by all the hears, black, brown, tlnuaionn and grizzly, of the wild, wooded region and rock-piled heights contiguous to his mountain fast. lcdeed, sharers in this seemingly absurd bolidf were not wanting among the eoldiers mltd ecouts at the neighboring fort; and there wns, after all, some foundation in fact for the superstltton. I The bears had b)een soon mingling freoly with the desperadoes in the thlick of the fight, during the last stand against the trooupers, and contributing inmoensely to the victory. Otn all-fours or erect, armled with enrllroius knotted branchca torn from trees, or with only their claws pawing amid the deepl snows of the higher precipices, and sending down avalanches upon the beads of the luckless assil ner ts, their savago andi phcuomenal aplpenarance had struck sulper natural terror to the would-be bandit ealer. minators, and unused the attack to be ro in qulshed in patie and dismay. At least, such was the burden of the reo ports, and there was enough fouridation in tht.su to afford roomt for ally number of ezag. geratlons, which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. But it was reserved for maiden purity and innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core, These qualities were combined In the per. son of Isa, or Isdorn, Mahlnau, all ignorant but very beautiful young blanket- weaver of Pluabla, where thIe :erepp , or Mexican blankets, produced by her old aunt luanuela and hierslif were unrivalled for their dura. bility, the brilliancy of their artl.colorotd stri pes, or their dueka'.back capacity of sheddling water. As a matter of course, Isa had admirers in plenty, for slho was as amiable as slho was chlaruling; but her favored adnlirer was Jim Sennell, lla brave young hunter-scout in the millitary enlploynment, One bright winter morning, as Ica was on her way over the mnountain trail otl her fleet snow.ahoes, and warmly mutled against the drlving winds, ste encoulnterod her lover makhlg his way-to the fort, anui carrying on Iis broad shoulders the carcase of a fat, black.tailed doe, which he hadl that mtorning slht at the salt.licks of the Blue nWater Canyon. "Whiolt way, Isua?" Ie askedt, his eyes danciang at the eight of her as he throw down his burden for a love-chat that was always in order with him. * Not over Long Trail, surely?" "Yes, Santiago," responded her delicious voico--aio mostly Spanishised his given tame thnts-" to my unlle's at Sell Felipe. WY are out of red and grey wools, anid they must be bad or our loom will be Idle." " To San Flipeo I" cried the scout. ' You must not go, lea-at least, not until I can go with you." "I huvo no choice, Santlgo." And a mlelting look iu her deep eyes told how gladly she would have had his escort. "IBut it is madness, The trail skirts the worst Iattloes of Vasco and Itis band, anti tlhere's a chance of a il.aht totday. A squad sot out to reconnoitre hefore daybreak, with half a regiment of ]Mexican volunteers to buck them. Besides, you might meet some of Vtoeo'a beatr." And he ended with a tshorb laugh, though ealieet enoautgh in his iiroat. lea gave a little shuddt, but she was not wholly fearful. I " I must go, Santiago, 'seo or no Vansc," said site, smiling. "Anti as for the bears, yau forget that CaptaIn{ Jose was my poor father's friend, which would stand me in good stead." Scanunell's face grow troubled. IIe did not forget that Ien's "poor father" had Iteen a robbor.captain, Into whose shoes Jose Vnsco nhad stopped at the time of the formner's violent death. Neither did Ihe for. get-still more maddening reflectiont I-that it atd been cut and dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant that lsudora was one tiay to be tile latter's wife. " Dt,'t cross the Long Trail to.day," he perlasted. "There is always danger when Vaso is abroad, I am on duty at the fort todany, andti to.morrow we make an attack on the outlaws. But after that I can ac* cowmpany you to Ban Felipe." " I ant not afrald. Besides, I have no chnice. We have seven blankets promised, our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet wools, and an old Muanaela would be frantic were I to return without them. Good.byo, Santiago I" Sile turned tp the mountain, and he saw sho was int to be dissuaded. " What is the matter, dearest? Is that the way we seplarate I" As she palued In pretended surprise, he sprang after her for tle good-bye kiss. HIardly had shlte struggled. lailghling and bluashling, out of his arms, before a dark face -a bandsome face, too, but just then die. tortedl with jealous hatred-peered out from an overhanging rock, nod was gone In a flash, And tlles the youtng girl was springing away Ip tihe trail, kissing lier hIand merrIly to ler lover until he dllsappanred. The way to Buat Felipe was a cood nine miles ever tile mountains, and much of it through maqy of the wildest haunts of tile robber-band. But the esnow wal well crusted. the deelper drifts could be avoided, and Isa, who was well used to enow.shoo travelling, flitted, glltled, or bounded swiftly along tilhe route, with whlicl she' hnd been more or less familiar from her childbnot, and with only an occasional timid elanco about lher, as she was nassing untler Los l'lon dote Iablo [thi Devil's I'i nesi, a prtly.forerted, snow.ehoked steepl,, ot of which th1e eoars were saId to Issue at critieal momentst in renponao to the rolhr.cnaptl li' a la's ao)tons. hoe reaolhed her destination withoutt r mls. Ihop, btained her wools froet the Ilelustrioos Intdianst there, "nit, after .enjoying a little ollnh, was on lter Ill,lewurl rtlail. with ro frIhieOd1 etLrogtb and a Ihpeftl Itart. llBut she h, l rharlly rtlpat!lsed ttler the frownting Irow of the t )vil ' Pines, whren tlhrr was a low call, in ililtitn of ,ta coyote's yell, froml thle thicket to hIer left. She Setpped nl t'rror as a pitwerlully. Iutilt, piturlcsque rillnn nildo his nullnar. ntre, wtlt a waroning gestore, and Jose Vanco, tile dreaded robber calltain, was in her ,atlh. 1 oaughler of ,ty oldl cotnrolo and clap. tain," saitld hle, with a nmilelo, " 'ts not long sinc e w In have met, blt yoell )nvo grtown lovelier and Iovelier. You are weLeter tlhan matringe.bltls untoa hope too long deferred, my iltiwer I" Istlhra stroove to alppear indifferent, though too mo tii terrified to sI eiOak. The last timte she halal ,t tl is man was nearly thrce years before, at her father's denlath.bed. Sontlmn wordls had thlen Iten said 1y tel fathler, pleldging hIer as this Itan'ti futttrl Itride. HSe even remembered hit lo htave comlilleld hetr to clas, haInlds with ;lso acros hiil body, while It, muttered a aelntin benedlctttt with his dying lips. lit thaIt was all. IL wnts mlort like thIi reotlleclhin of a hldelous dtrean lthII aughlt helit hid ioped titat ,hou had tither for goctte til oitI t l th, mitetrabl Itu trtlt i, lit ht or witui nevi r us ar e it dlittt l itt fulfil liel. Inlldllied. tllh nevr ihuietht of hiu t rll htllt wrih it fai'linl!e oif |hiwr a n d I nolw ah, wsll ntight elte tirl pIne a1ind Otl h hel IreatI at tLhe iitunimtahknl il l! titenihig ifI litots eting wortls; to tie ferrellt gleo of those i] y and rnleoirseless eyes I Aigered at iher POarculy.conceiled rttlttl. slonu less than inflamed by her beauty-g 1 which was perhap? enhanced by her trepida. tion--he lest no time in leotting her know that he had forgolten nothing, but regarded her as irrevocably bound to him. "Why do you not speuk to me, little one ?" he at last exclaimned. "Shall yon not he ready when I send to old Mdanuela for your hand, no I shall most assuredly, soon as I have given those troublesome blue.coats at d the fort their final quilotus Ordo you eon. e template treachary-disobedience to those death-bhed vows " -" - t And his brow darkened, while his teeth glistened like a wolf's between his bearded f lips. lan could still only clasp her hands and tremble. "Is it that I have a rival, girl f Speak, I say l" " No, no,no I .Ah, of what are you think Ing, Jose 1" And Ohi stammered forth other evasions, ni m orr lens incoherent. lIn Int-rrupted her with a diabolical laugh. "What a poor little deceiver you arel You should take pattern from your elders, or stick to the truth. Scannell, the Ameri can, is your lover. I witnessed your adieus -yeo were in his armns at the foot of the trail." -. In the midst of her confusion there was a look of astonilhment that le well under sItood. : '"And yet 1,0 died not in lis tracks, with a bullet in his heart," he went on. "Well, your surprise is natural, my dooar; for my carbine covered him, my finger was on the trigger, hut Islpred him. Would you know the reason I )pareld hmn, little one 1" ,.. She bowed her pale fce., . " Perhaps le has forgotten me; but hbe saved my life once at the risk of his own. It was in a wild brawl nt Il Paso. lHe woa both generous and bravo. Jose Vaesco never forgets." ".- She breathed more freely, but hie next words chilled her afresh. "But think not that I would resign you, I would not nsnessinato him from nmbush ; but when the tinme comes lie most give you up or dile. Those soldiers are fools. I am impregnhblo here." He made a ploud and comuprohensivo gesture. "Our fiastnes is Innecessible, and even the fierce hears, the savage ihests of the wilds, are our auxl. linries." This was said i simply that Isadore's last doubts as to the hear stories lin current li. lief were dielsipted, and she viewed him with superstitiotius fear. tuddenly n bugle seouled from some. whore far up the holghts, and lie started. " ln I it in the warning blast I" lie ox claimed. " Can a fresh ntlnek bie inedli. toted " lie tightlened hi bohalt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted thile carline thnt was lung behinlld his slmulder. "Cooe, I lshall claim you in good season ; but a kiss before we part." A kiss I and for himt I She shrank hack, appalledl. lie clutched her wrist, thebo evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. But at tliat instapt there sounded a rattl. Ing volley front both above ani below the height, and she was saved the threatened kiss. "ood-bye I Ishall claim you in good time." lIe waved hie hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a moun. tain goat, and disnppeared among the trees, Then Isadora, shrinll(ng a little further from the open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for all had never seen an armed struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climlb?, swarmed the boys In ,blue, with their ielcn contingent hurrahlng enthl insstlic ly on either wing. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firing from the timber line, oven hurryint down fearlesaly to meet ths charge. And the spell.bound .girl could mark their lender in the van, no less bravely conspicuos than wnas the young West Pointer who encouragld the attack with hin waving sword. L thrill of gladness filled the girl's vein asr she saw the robbers ieaten back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their to. treat, while the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly but surely followed them upsut at this junctur the young girl ilt nessed a slght almost incredible, notwith. standing that her superstition might have in some mensuro preparere her for it. The robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by magic, their places being apparently taken by trcops of savage ears, whicll issued from thie pines with ferocious snarls andt cries,and at once set ip such a novel'form of resist. ance and counter.nttack as filled the storm. ing party with terror and dismay. Erect, with noasnive bludgeons in their graup, pawing mothl the white drifts on all. fours, or merely showing their formidable tenth and brandistiu g their mnlgity clews, they began to loosen the clinging allow heaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assnilante' heads with a force and preo elasion truly terrific and this wasn but a mask for the bullets of their humann allies, which at the samo time began to rain ngain, with more or less disastrous effect, from the cover of the copses in their rear. The soldiers had coma to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded hy the grotesqueness of it all, and this hesiatation was fatal to their enterprise. The next moment tLo entire volunteer contingent, which constitutedn morn than four.fifths of the attacking force, broke and lied down the mountain in an agony of panic,' throwing away their guns, and giving utter-. snce to frightened screams and yells. " The cowardly example was too much for the disciplino of the regulare--. more hand. ful, at thue most. The panic became "a contagIon, and, though retiring with some show of order, they alesolgave up the fight, the rout becom. Ing general. leadorn, who had wlinessc.d everything from her little nook of cojesalment, buried herface in her hands. lBut when she looked ngain it wei to' wit. tnes another spectacle, which sevved to alter tie entire tenor of her mortillcahieo lln fears. On1o of the heare,having ninnled its footing on the icy steCep, came tumbling, plunging, nud rolling hirad over heels plst her et renat, betrayiong mcl of the secret of hiso solierly intelligetlc in hiis niitlldied llIuprawi, autd at thile l uo tlile i tlterilg tile straniLgest expire. SiOlumsl of rage uIiid dIiuIIst Ithat lhad ever yet 1receedeld froel n real bear. It was aT revolatlont; and, with hier super. tltlious terrors noi loinger an incenllive, the yoiunl girl dartled out ioine the trail and lied away with all tihe swiftness tlhat hier solllpple niiiblleneus ctilid evoke from hlier snow-ihou exlertncos. Ollt lof breati, but still joyouns over her troaiireld discoviiery, shiU arriveut at old Mlanlela's adoln Iut IUefore mIniudiowni, ulld thle liost nlo time in hurrying to thi fort. " lWhere is ialnticngo Hcannel ?" she dI. mandled of 11ne of the sentries. " I hove a secret for himo. I must see hil right away." All the garrison were in a surly nlmoodl, fot thle defeutiuf the recunoltrlng party iiad jlst been lmade known. liut the inasl iihonii she nddressd, andll who wans well aware tf the scollt' lo i.affair, lIIiihed i hlie informed iher tlhat ,li1 wans on ln a hunting exnledl. tion, andl woult hardlyl return before day bronk, whvu hei was to gelue a general at tack ulon tie robbers, thoen to be made Is coilslderiible force. " Ah, I shall have to wait," said Isi, dls appoltedily; bIut lldo tell himi for me not ti go awnay n inn wthlloellut aeonrgl me." "It ainl't likeuly Chat lie wooiil Iu on: encn, Is?," r'plleud the senltry, with anreltie fillli- nlturcll latugh; for the beaoutifu blnket-mnakcr wa a fravorite everywhero aild ilhruo waHui't a mneonluer of the moarrisll thut dlill't wisi litout J1m jiiy of hiIn woring " lint I shall see your message deliveredt all tlhrit siiind carly hldnded, before sun.up, the eat morniig, jilul was at the old ,manuela'j cottaget d ? t? took but a moment for the girl to placo him in posses. alon of her discovery. The scout's blue eyes opened to their widest capacity, and then, catching Ten in his arms, he shouted a wild hurrah, while raining his kisses upon her blushing face. S"Yoo don't any so l" he exclaimed. " What I the great hear trick nothing more than a dodge-a masquerado of robbers in bear skins I" Sthe nodded. " urrah I the superstition is nipped in the bud I Even the greasers won't run away again. We'll lick them out of their boots, anrd the giving away of this secret on my part will gaint me promotion as chief scout of the department, with double my present pay I" " Oh, Santiago, I am so glad I" And ]sa claliped her hands, the happy tears glistening ill her dark eyes. " Listen, dear. You know that snug little ranch of mine on the San Juanl?" Another nod. " Would you like to be there-as my wife, of courseo " "Oh, Santinago I" Andt the happy tears nmado way for happy blushes now. "Good I Have the old woman rmunk you reany forthwith, for we shall be married next Sunday. That is the ay after to. morrow, which will be two days after to. day's scrimmage, which is destined to wipo out Vasco and his entire band, big and little bears included I" "Oh, Santingo I You forget I" and the brightness began to idde out of the sweet face. "My father himself was a robber. captain; and " "No matter I" cried Scannell, once more catohing her to his breast. "Is it your father's ghost uryour precious, darling self that I would take to mny honm and hearth Good.bye, and God keep you till my re turn I But a last kiss firatJ1' and he was gone. That was a fluttering day for the pretty little blankut.weanver, vech as she had not known, or perhapl dreamlel of, in the whole course of her existence. A day of days, a day of love, uspsensu and hope, such as, once at least in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden heart, be it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or noarse, tutored or ignorant-a priceless dnay, henceforward to be treasured in unfail lug iemoury. Jint it lpsseed, as other dclays must imae, as dreams must ptss; and soron after the flrst iuows canltu in that the robbers hdl lbeen completely whipped out of their boasted fnstness, resulting in theextirminnation of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, lei was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. "Ahi, dearest, it was almost a picnic for uo this tiiiie I" hI exclaimed, when recount ing the events of the light. " Tile secret of the bear.-skine was not genlerally made k.nown nulolngst is until just before the stormingiii of the steep, anid its effect upontho men was magical. \Why, even the grensers, as if shamefaced iand maddened at the recol. lection of their superstititiou fears, charged up amonrg the rocks with the hest of tIs, and when the rascals ran out their bears it was for the last time, I call tell you. We rushed right among them before they could set their avalarlnches mnoving, abootiqg 'ern dowin right End left, rand as the eaonrskiins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt- were, in fact, mIore of an Inllomblrance to their wearers than anything elso-they were taken completely by surprise, and umnde scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter I those beai'skins must have been saved tup from the hunts of half a dozen generations, and I'm. betting high there's not ole of 'em left but whatis too riddled for future service of any sort. fThen, having disposed of the bears, we ruslh uthrough the pines, driving out the rest of tL robbers, who diln't stop running till the Idst ridgeo of San ?alteo range was reached, 'hore they made their last stand, the big r part of 'em dying in their tracks." S" And ,osce-Vaseo himself I He also was slain, theu say,1" " Yes ;e fought like the game bravo to was. llt, before lie diled, I recognised him as nclhnp Whose life I saved in El Paso some some years ago, and who sort of chummtd withll me for n short time afterwards. Per. hIps le re!cogniscd me, too. Anyway, as he annk back he fixed his eyes upon me,gnsping out in Spanish, 'It's s well as It is, old comrade, since the same trail could no longer have carried the pair of usl' and then heo was gone, Of course, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other." Isadora, who understood better than lie, and who lhad told nothing of her encounter with Vasco on the preceding day, merely buried her face on liher lover's shoulder, shuddteringly thankful that the fiercu eyes of the bandit chief could come no more between her and her heart's love. "Ah, thank Heaven you are safe seturnedl" was all sho could imulrmur; "and thank Heaven that you love me 1" They were married on thd following Sun. day, as the scout haind declared they should be, and soon after went to live on Scan. nell's enug ralich, whore it may be that they are living In happiness at the present: day. 