BACK FEQS THE GRATE. charter i. My name is Bertha Adams, lam ail orphan. Last birthday I was thirty -three years of age. By profession I em u governess, but at prefect I hold the responsible anrf enviable position of companion to the hon. Mrs Hamlyu ViDOnt. relict of Colonel Vipont, Gth Dragoon Guards, killed in action in the last Afghan war. 6tanding here before the mirror 1 see a re flection of myself — plain, small and unattrac tive. That is the reaeon 1 suppose why the hon. Airs Viuont selected me as bet dame de compftpnie, during her tour through the Aus tralian colonies with her son, who was suffer ing, as I came to understand, from Rome shock, som6 mysterious Borrow that was wearing him away, and which bis mother Bf-cmed to fear would gradually drive him to b'p vmve. 1 had been a year with mother and fion at the timo this story opens. We had lingered out the autumn in Italy, but the latter ap peared to grow worse, and Mrs Vipont wa? advised to try a tea trip, and a season in New- South Wales. The mother, although kind and open- hearted,' ae a rule, was narrow-minded, proud, and, on occasions, cruelly selfish. It was plain to me that the was terrioly jealous of the influence ot other women over the son she idolized. I bad heard from time to time vague rumors of trouble that 1 ad come in connection with the hon. lady's last com panion. If these were true, I had no reason to imagine that my company would bscome dunge ons to him. It never appeared to me, however, that Edgar Vipont troubled him self about one woman especially. Though he seemed partial to the society of ladies and admired their beauty, he was the same to all. hie was a strange, wayward, incomprehen sible young man to me, was Edgar Vipool. So polite, so clever, and handsome, in spite of his illness ; yet in ot her ways so un civilised. I was always reminded in my inter course with him of the old proverb, " Scratch a Russian and you'll flod him a Tartar," and I could have imagined him inquiring with the greatest solicitude if the cup of coffee — in which he was secretly administering to you a dose of deadly poison — was sweet enough for yoor taste, and taking infinite pains to i make it so if it were not, smiling at you the while. The days went pleasantly by in the city of Sydney. Mrs Vipont rented a charming residence at Rose Bay, on the heights over looking the magnificent harbor ; and the plaoe wae made gay by constant company. Edgar Vipont would often pass whole day with us ; bnt there were times when he would become morose, shut himself up in his room, and refuse to see anyone for a week to gether. Once as I was passing the door of his private sitting room, during one of his melan choly depressions, I noticed, with surprise, it was standing wide open. I had never entered this apartment, for it was usually kept closed and locked- Woman like, I paused to glance over the luxurious furniture, when my gaze fell on the foil length portrait that huug at the farther extremity of it. It was die picture of a young and lovely woman, with a pale oval face, long dark hair, perfect features, and the most haunting, melancholy brown eyes I ever beheld. Those eyes seemed to fascinate me to such a degree that I was held spellbound to the spot. They fixed themselves on mine with an expression of agonised appeal, as intense and real as if they had been living eyeB, out of which the eoul looked for sympathy. A sudden noise proceeding from the inner room, "broke the spell, and I fled to my room, like a guilty thief taken in the act. Thisinoident happened just one month after our arrival in the colony, but as the weekB and months went by it faded from my mind alto gether. One wet ohilly day in August, Mrs Vipont and I were alone together in her boudoir. I was reading one of George Eliot's delightful stories to her, while she reclined on a conch nearthe window, looking out at the moun tainous waves rolling inwards at the Heads. While I read the door opened, and Edgar Vipont entered. There was a careworn look on his pale face which was most distressing to behold. ''Good morning, mother," he said in a quiet tone, laying a splendid bouquet of flowers on the table beside her sofa. " Good morning, Miss Adams," and he bowed to me with his usual ceremonious politeness. " I have brought you these flowers. See, the camellias axe finer than I ever remember to have seen them in Europe, and the violets " "Ah, delightful," cried the aristooratio dame, kissing her son and inhaling the per fume of the rich purple flowers. "What taste yon have, Edgar. No one could have arranged this bouqnet as yon have. How are you this morning, my son ?" she added, with an anxious look at his handsome face. Edgar Vipont laid bis hand on his breast. 45 Ifeel wearied, mother ; bnt 1 have nothing new to complain of. Want ot sleep, want of rest, is my great ailment ; and neither Dr. Martin nor Bernhardt — no, nor yonr own famous Italian medioo, Resalino, seem able to help me there." And he raised his slender, wasted hand to his head. The lady looked at him with &U; the mother in her gaze. " Tell me, is yonr rest as dis turbed as ever?" she asked anxiously. " Yes," he replied, "either I do noteleep at all at night, or, to speak more plainly, be come acutely, painfully wakeful, when even ing falls, and other more fortunate mortals are sunk in quiet Blumber; or my sleep is filled with dreams, which, though I oannot recall them when I wake, are, I feel sensible, so fall of suffering, and a nameless horror to me, that they wear me far more than mere wakcfnlness would do," and he paused and sighed deeply. Then suddenly raising him self, said in a most eager tone, "By the way, ma mere, gness who is in Sydney ? " Who is it, Edgar ? Any of our English friends ?" " Aye, some one I met at the Bartons last night. Gome, guess." " I oannot ; pray tell me," replied Mis Vipont. "He remembers you years ago, mother, before you were married, when yon were Helen Fortosoue and the belle of the London season," cried Edgar warmly. " I told bitn yon were still beautiful, in spite of yonr forty- five years, and asked him to come to us to night in a friendly way. You do not receive to-night, ma mere P" " No, not to-night, my child. Only the sisters Clara and Ada Pollitt are likely to oalL Bnt who is thuold friend P" "None other than the eminent psycholo gist, Professor Hugh Drayton, the illustrious savant, of whom all the world is talking." I notioed Mrs Vipont's slender fingers tighten on the back of the sofa ae her son uttered the name. "Yes, yes, 1 remember him," she cried. "A wonderful man, bnt he has the reputation of being a magician — a> what-do-you-call-it in these days, Edgar ? And now— — " " Now he lays claim to a knowledge of the hidden and mysterious powers of nature, I. believe, " he answered. "Last night we talked together a great deal on ocoult matters, and he told me some marvellous experiences he has been through while travellingin New Zealand and other places ; etr&nger;, indeed, and more marvellous than those of Home and his school, though the Professor himself dis claims an intercourse with, or belief in, any supermundane powers you know." 'No doubt. The Professor is a strange being. Would you credit the fact that this same Hugh Drayton foretold to me in my youth much that has since oome to pass? could the hidden powers, as you oall them, enable him to do that P" 41 do not know, mother," he replied, rising, and lookine intently her, for she had become very pale. "Whatsays Mias Adams?" and he tunica towards me. The question made me laugh. It was not possible to find a more matter-of-fact person than myself. I felt totally void ofimagination, and was -never troubled with a reverie or a day dream in my life. I had no belief what ever either in Mr Home's spiritual mission or In Professor Drayton's secret powers— no more than 1 had in our old English legends of ghosts, Sootoh tales of pixies, or bansheos. So I shool: my head incredulously. 41 1 fear that I am one of little faith, Mr Vipont," I eaid. " Your old friend the savant, would find me a very stiff-necked heretic, I fancy, and hard to convert to his views." "Have you ever studied the subject?" asked Edgar Vipont. "No,'' I admitted. "1 should not think of studying it seriously any more than 1 should attempt to practice astrology or magic. "Our race tfre famed for being the most practical people on the face of the globe. Per haps you would not be so credulous, Mies Adams, if yon had seen what I have among a sect you designate Mad .Spiritualists. You smile." "Pardon me, sir, bnt only think of all the shameful exposures of those so-called mediums that have taken place both on the continent of Europe and in England. Do they nut ehake your faith ?" " Not eo," answered he, with some anima tion. "In ali trades there are humbugs, Miss Adams, but that does not hinder their being a residuum of honest men among tbemj I trust. Look at Mesmerism ; no one doubts the truth of the phenomena now, thongb for a time the crowd of charlatans who arose as followers of Mcsmer cast discredit on what is now universally admitted to be one of the most inexplicable of physical phenomena." 44 True, air, but— " 44 YVell, well," interrupted he, «miling, 44 Professor Drayton will be here this even ing, and perhapb he will give ns a sample of his powers. Would it try your nerves muoh, mother, or jour's, Miss Adams?" Mrs Vipont hesitated, tut I gave a most decided reply in the negative. By and bye mother and sou becan to con verse in low tones, and I saw her face grow troubled and almost stem, whilst his filled with a grave earnestness. Seizing on the first pretext for escape, I rose and left the room. As I was going these words from Mrs Vipont fell on my ear. 44 Can yon not for get, even now, Edgar ? She is not dead— 9be has left yon. She has forgotten ycu. Come my son, do not forget that yon aro a Vipont." And then tb.e door closed behind me, and I sped swiftly along the corridor to my own apartment. Cbaptes II. As I stood before my dressing table arranging my toilet, previous to going down to Mrs Vipont's room that evening, my eyes rested ou something that lay sparkling on the carpet behind me, being reflected in the mirror. 1 turned and observed, between the wainscotting of the room and the wall, an object which glittered like a small star. I stooped, picked it up, and brought it to the light. It was a plain gold locket, set with a Bingle diamond of great brilliancy. Inside there was a carl of dark, hair, and a email portrait— the same fascinating face, with the sad, imploring eyes, which had held me epell- bound at the threshold of Edgar Vipont's private room. At that moment s strange feeling of fear oameover me, and I locked round, half ex pecting to encounter the original, an idea that made me laugh heartily the next moment. To whom could the locket belong? I examined it long and carefully by the gas light, and then stood lost in thonght before the fire, from which I was suddenly roused by the ringing of Mrs Vipont's bell. Hastily slipping the trinket into my pocket, I hur ried down to her. I found her dressed in- blaok velvet, delicate lace and pearls, and who wanted me to do a dozen little nothings for her. She was seated before the fire with with the two Miss Pollitts— the elder a stoat apathotic lady of thirty, the other a tall, jolly, and strong-minded pereon, two years younger, with spectacles on her nose, and a decided tendency towards the masculine in her attire. The Professor had not yet ar rived. They were talking about him as I entered, Stella Pollitt, the elder, deriding the secret force theory, and she of the spectacles urging that suoh nonsense should be taken in hand and put down by the church. In a few moments the door opened and Professor Drayton entered, and I for one was forced to confess that his appearance, at any rate, inspired confidence and respect. He was m fine looking man of five and fifty, with a . close ahaven, well-featnred face, and a pair of small, peering hazel eyes that seemed to look one through and through. We were introduced to him oneafter another, and he then immediately fell into talk with Mrs Vipont, her con, and Dora Pollitt, whilst land Miss Pollitt sat by listening. 44 Well, bnt tell us, dear Professor," said Mrs Vipontafter an animated discussion, "Is there any one of uc who yon think would be particularly sensitive to this strange force, ' call it what you will ?" The visitor looked round and smiled.' " You, at least, Mrs Vipont, are scarcely to. be called sensitive, and my young friend,. Edgar, quite the reverse. Miss Pollitt," and' he bowed to the lady in spectacles, " would prove too mnch for it ; bnt stay, this young lady," and he looked at me attentively, 44 is, I should say, decidedly a sensitive, as I call' it" 44 1, air? Impossible," cried L laughing. " What, Mice Adams !' they aU exclaimed. " Why, she is an utter unbeliever in every thing, and practical almost to heresy," added Edgar Vipont. PVofeBsor Drayton remained unmoved, and cHll kept his eyes on me with a searching gaze whioh made me feel very uncomfort able. 44 In spite of what you aver to the con- . trary, I feel certain that Miss Adams is very alive to and eaily effected by the .power I believe in," he returned. 4 4 May I test yon ?" he asked, eoddenly approaching me. For the life of me, mnoh as I should have preferred, I could not ssy No, but gave my oonsentat once. By the Professor's direc tions the doors were fastened, the lights lowered, and we eat in a circle, I being exactly opposite to him. He placed some- < thing, a piece of metal in my hand and bade me look at it steadily. His eyes exercised an extraordinary Influence over pas and I obeyed, and for a few minutes & deep silenoe reigned in the apartment. Ietarted. Had 1 been sleeping ? What had happened to me 1 I felt ae if I had" passed through a period of unconsciousness, and had suddenly awakened with quickened senses in another world. A world which' seemed to centre in the presence of one being— and that tonnr was Professor Drayton. His piercing glance fell foil into mine with a blaring triumphant expression as he laid his hand on my forehead wad said, "See." » I shuddered and looked around. We were no longer in the room; beside the Pro fessor, almost touching him, stood a figure enveloped in white drapery -from head to foot, and from whom there fematiBfted anih- descri bable odor. r " £ I saw Mrs Vipont ehivet andtnia palp, hereon looked ghastly. StdUroUifttatood silent, almost appalled, while thejjvmngpr1 sister orouohed down beside Iter trembling visibly, and holding the elder eSater'oliBnd as. if for protection. : 1 heard the ProfesBor muttering to him self, of which the words, 41pecoliar"and 4 strange "only caught my oars;?> " What do you See, Miss Adams? " he enquired presently. « . , l 1 struggled to speak, my\obal towers eeemed numbed ; 4hen in a voice strange and hollow, that startled those who were listening. I answered — " I see a form, tall, whit£wtaioiag%esifl6 you," and I pouted my 1ingenv6 wards it. j j ; "Describe it farther," replied the Pip:, feasor. n " I oannot nee the faoa/v J. sewered. 41 it is covered by a white drapery." ' Tell the bring you see to raise jthe drapery." I I obeyed, and slowly thefiguroraiseil, a long white hand, andremoved £he folds that hid the faoe from my view. As itdidwx nameless te rro r seized me, anil fancy oofe vulsed . me, for 1 remember bearing |ln Vipont cry out— /T - |j "Professor Drayton, ene Is ill. Pray rouse her," And lhenT was quiet again, jet I recognised the face wt once. It was the original of the portrait X had seen in Edgar Vipont's room. L . <" Describe what yon see,f nomnwnded the Professor again. ' -.i " A woman," I murmured, " young, dark very pale, brown eyes, long blaok hair, very sad expression.'' . . t ' . 1 44 Stop her, for mercy's sake ! " cried Mrs Vipont, starting forward for her son had sunk on the sofa insensible, whilst the sisters wore attempting lo open the door in terror. The seancewaa at cur end. In a few momenta I was restored to my normal condition. The hostess and her visitors, assisted by some of the servants who had been summoned,! busied themselves in restoring Edgar Vipont to consciousness, and ho was carried to bis apartments, deeply affected by what, had transpired. ' T" .? ' As our visitors were leaving, Professor Drayton, who had been attending upon the invalid, approached and said, 4< Ladies, let sne ask you a question. Had any of yon a look of hair or a souvenir of friend or relation deceased about you this evening ?" They all replied in the negative, and I did the same, totally forgetting that in my pocket lay the locket I had found in my bedroom. The Professor appeared puzzled. 44 Well, . ladies," he said, 11 lam really at aloes to ac count for the ' strange odour which was per ceptible in this room an hour ago." . 44 We all perceived it,", answered the. younger Hiss Pollitt, pushing up her spec tacles to look at him. "Indeed, Professor, you are a wonderful man, and Miss Adams is an excellent subject. Do you feel .alarmed or fatigued she added, turning to me. "No, only a little dazed, bat I confess I am in no small meaeure shocked," I replied. . 4(I did not expect or desire to find myself so alive to the secret powers, whatever they may be ; " and £ tried to laugh, hut shuddered in stead, as I caught the Professor's full round eye fixed on me. 4 'Yon must have a strong rapport with the 6pirit,or being' or power you saw this evening, Miss Adams," said he. " If yon should at any future time see it again, will you write and tell me the particulars of yonr ex- perienoe ? " "bee itagaio I " 1 uttered in a horrified tone. 44 Nay, I trust not ! bat if I do," I added hastily, 4'I will doas yon derire." For the spell he had exercised over me was not yet quite dispelled. Oar visitors departed, aud we were alone— that is Mm Vipont and!. She was silent, embarrassed, almoBt stern in her manner, as I attended her at her toilet. It wae my duty to read her to sleep, but op this night she dismissed me with a curt 4' Good night." As I wae about to close the doer of the bed room £ chanced to pat my hand in my pocket for my handkerchief, when my fingers came- in contact with the locker. Strange, indeed. I should hsve forgotten it after the query of the Professor. _ Inclosed the door, and approached tne- bed. " Madame, I have something to say — a confession to make," I said. Mrs Vipont looked at sue with a smile of languid enquiry. 44 What have yon to say, Miss Adams?" " Do you remember, when Professor Dray ton asked if any of us held sny thing that had belonged to a deceased friend or relative ? " "Perfectly," she answered witn interest, and sitting up. 44 Well? " "I had forgotten that I had this in my pocket, when he put the question," and I put the locket in her hand; She gave a sudden cry of pain as if the thing had been a deadly snake and had stung Where did you get this?" thedemanded fiercely, and clutching me by the wrist so tightly that the pain made me gasp. 44 Madam, 1 pioked up that locket in my bedroom this evening, just before I came down to yon. 1 put it hastily in my pocket when yonr bell rang, and the fact of its- being there has been called to my mind only this moment." She looked at me dubiously. 41 Miss Adams, you know my son is, very ill," she said, after a pause, in which she had .turned the unfortunate looket round in her trembling hands. 1 Will you prcunise met. one tiling 44 WhaV8llallIptoaIise?>, 44 That you wDl never mention the exi&U; enoe of this fcrinketto my son." ,, ' I promise." ,- » " It would Bnrdy kill him," £ heard her murmur in » trembljng tone. Then she dis- miesed me, and I w-gUd- tb retire t&the; quiet oi my o w n room to think cirer the events of the evening. (TO BE COynNCJUV ) -u ; 