METHODIST UNION. DEMONSTRATION IN THE CENTENARY-HALL. ADDRESS BY THE REV. "NY. H. FITCHETT, . The Methodists of Sydney and suburbs held a united demonstration in the Cen tenary-hall, York-street, last night, under the auspices of the joint committee on Methodist union. There was a good at tendance. Mr. J. Cook M.P. (Postmaster- General), presided, and was supported on the platform by the Rev. W. II. Fitchett, B.A. (Melbourne), Dr. Brown, the Revs. Uainsford Bavin, M. Madden, and W. W. Rutledge (YVesleyan), G. B. Black (United Methodist Free Church), E. Mastcrman, G. James, J. Greeu (Primitive Methodist), Mr. J. L. Fegan, M.P., and Mr. W. Robson. The Rev. W. YV. Rutledge (secretary to the joint committee) read a telegram from Chief Justice Way (South Australia): — "Minor Methodist union committees meet here Thursday separately and jointly. They express willingness to unite on gen era! conference busis. Glad other colonies moving same direction. Wish you suc cessful meeting." (Applause.) The Chairman expressed the pleasure it gave him to preside, and intimated that he was thoroughly in accord with the ob ject of the meeting. There was no reason why the union should not take place; and Methodism would then be able to preseut a solid phalanx, instead of so many divi sions. All tlie currents of the time were running in the direction of union. Politic- i ally they wore earnestly seeking the fed eration of the colonies. (Applause.) When the people understood the great advantage of a religious union, when the scheme was properly explained to them, be was sure they would extend their hearty co- opera tion. He trusted that the time was not far distant when we should have a uulted Church, which ought always to have been the case, and which must be tho case in the future. (Cheers.) The Rev. Dr. Brown moved— "That this meeting, composed of representatives of tlie various sections of Methodism in ibis colony, expresses its hearty sympathy with the proposed organic union of the different sections of the Methodist Church in Aus tralasia." The Rev. G. James seconded the resolu tion. The Rev. YV. II. Fitchett, who was re ceived with applause, supported the reso lution, and expressed himeslf as thoroughly in accord with it. Methodists were the spiritual heirs of the great movement of the ISth century, which constituted the most purely spiritual, the most influential religious movement in English history. Modern religious history dated from the time of Wesley. (Applause.) YVhatever the future, Methodism had a grand, a heroic past. Methodism in all its forms was the most intensely evangelical and spiritual factor and force in the Protes tantism of the world. They, however, had been more fruitful, more prolific in divi sions than any other branch of the Protes tant Church in the world. Within one brief century of Wesley's death there had been four great divisions. Not one of them re presented a principle, a doctrine, a truth; every division represented some temporary bankruptcy in common sense ou one side or the other; he did not say on which side. (Rev. R. Bavin: "Both.") ("Hear, hear." IIow much had the division cost them? In mere money they had lost considerably. They had built two churches and maintain ed two ministers where only one should exist. Their pockets had been bled by divi sion, and in the long run their pockets would be blest by union. Tlie temper of this world was eminently unfriendly to ecclesiastical quarrels. The world suspec ted a Cbrlstiauity that could not keep peace at its own fireside. They could not influence public opinion. They could not take the place they might iu shaping the history of these colonies, because they were divided. Their divisions had cost them — and he took in all Methodism— tlie spiritual primacy and spiritual leadership of the re ligion of the country. (Applause.) The rea sons which caused the divisions of which he had spoken no longer existed, and why, in God's name, should they not make it the Church YVesley would, the Church Wesley left it, what, if he came back amongst them, he would make it again, and what the Great Master would assuredly have it to be? (Loud applause.) In God's name, why should they not bury the dead past, bury these ghosts, and join hands together? It was because of a little lack of common sense, a little lack of religion. Divided, their influence was small; but put all Me thodists together, and they would make a grand Church 450,000 strong, and every 10th man woman and child in Australasia would be Methodists, a Church that would have some right to speak on public matters. They would be able to plan big things, to carry out great enterprises. He could not understand how any man could wish to continue the divisions which weakened them. The pulse of the world, politically, beat In favor of union. That had given them a united Germany, a united Italy, a united Canada, and was going to give them a united Australia. (Applause.) That saute impulse, noble, wise, and heroic, ga thered the fragments of nations together, and made them a whole, should it not gather the fragments of the Church to gether, and make it a whole? He instanced the unity of the great Presbyterian Church in these now lauds, and asked if possible with the Presbyterians, was it not possible with the Methodists? Queensland and South Australia had accepted the condi tions. YVLiat. was New South Wales, the mother-colony, going to do in the matter? She was taking the lead in federation, would she not also take the lead iu Methodist Union? It was in the hands of the laymen of New South YVnles — the ministers had agreed — that the mutter lay. Let them say it should be done. There were difficulties in the way, but a little courage would overcome them, "YVith this thing comes the future of our Church, and, by God's help, we will hand down to our children a better Methodism than our fathers gave us." (Loud ap plause.) Mr. \\\\\ Robson moved, the Rev. G. B. Black seconded, and it was decided amid enthusiastic applause: — "That we approve of the proposal to form a federal council in New South YYales, comprised of repre sentatives duly appointed by each section of Methodism, such council to have gener ally the functions defined as follows: — (i) To arrange for interchanges of pulpits be tween the ministers and local preachers of the different sections; (2) to arrange for conventions and public meetings with the object of bringing the subject of organic union more prominently before our people; (3) to try and prevent the unnecessary mul tiplication of the Methodist churches In sparsly populated districts; (4) to foster the spirit of union by social and fraternal intercourse. On the motion of Mr. Fegan, M.P., secon ded by the Rev. R. Bavin, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded tj the Rev. W. II. Fitchett for his able address, and a similar compliment was paid to Mr. Cook for pre siding. 