NEEDLES: " Short, Sharp, Shiny." 'Twas Ever Tots. " Beshrew me, may I never rob orohard more j If I do love, thee not. .. . Tell mo . . . dost i know where, good dame, thy mother keepebh the key o5 the jam cupboard 1" Warm. Sunny. Pugilism. Cyclorama. Anarchism. Prize ring. Rogues foiled. " Continentals." Australian drama. Juvenile smokers. Village settlement. Returned colonists. Fire near MOIieent. Shearers' conference. Intercolonial cricket. Anarchism in Europe. A Royal yacht ashore. Burglary at Payneham. Sensational oourt-eoene. Five years for burglary. ■ Attempted wife murder. An indeoentpbonograph. A murderer's aspirations. Daring escape of a-forger. Political crisis in London. Terrible experieneeat sea. Typhoid fever in Victoria. "The Squatter's Pardon." Finland fishermen rescued. Infernal machines in Paris. The Borough Belle wrecked. Acoidenb near Port Augusta. The Empress of Austria in peril. The Liedertafel all at sea to-night. Attempted burglary in Melbourne. No more surprise packets, children. Guy-Boothby has found a publisher. Last two nights of the "Continentals." The South Bulli strike practically settled. Typhoid fever cases still increasing in Vic toria. Napoleon's ghost still walks at the Cyclo rama. Councillor Sellar sat upon by the city fathers. H.M.S. Orlando contains 130 watertight compartments. A splendid programme for to-morrow's " Continental." Mr. J. H. Lyons has now developed into an ] 1 author-actor." H.M.C.S. Protector is now in her teens—| launched in 1SS4. The Victorian crioketers leave for Adelaide | on Tuesday next. The Orlando is to be recommissioned as the | Australian flagship. The bootmakers held their annual picnic at | Modbury yesterday. A mass meeting in London has denounced | the House of Lords. The Adelaide Liedertafel go for a marine | excursion this evening. " The Squatter's Pardon" will be played every night this week. The "MuchTravelled"returned to Australia | by the Ophir yesterday. The Australian naval "station extends from | 95° to 160° of east longitude. It is nob at every show that the ghost walks j so constantly as at the Cyclorama. "Dick" Wbitsington's benefit takes place at the Theatre Royal on Friday next. Don't forget to secure tickets for Thursday's charitable concert in the Town Hall. Corbebb and Jackson are anxious to fight, but want a big purse provided first. The Bank of Australasia is now the loDgest established bank in South Australia. " In and abonb Paris and a journey up the Rhine" at to-morrow's " Continental." Sydney dairy,farmers purpose extending the season for exporting butter to England. The secretary of the Sydney School of Arts sentenced to four years' penal servitude. A Californian salmon weighing 28 lb. has been caught in the Erakine River, near Lome. Counoilior Sellar appeared in the cbaraoter of doubting Thomas yesterday-and gob badly left. The Bank of New South Wales was the first colonial banking institute and it was founded in 1817. Mr. J. E Snell is going to try and break the cycling record between Adelaide and Mel- j bourne. The relief crew of H.M.S. B.ingdove were through passengers for Sydney by the Ophir yesterday. j At one time the notes of the Bank of South j Australia were made a legal tender by Act of Parliament. The sum paid the Church of England in Tasmania in commutation of State aid yields £3,700 a year. New Zealand is entitled to two ships of war constantly in her waters under the Imperial Defence Aot. The South Australian Rowing Association! will hold their champion eight races on the Port River on Saburday. The Ringdove's armament consists of six 4-in. 26-owt, B.L.R. and two O.F. Hotchkiss and two M. guns. Mr. J. H. Lyons's new Australian drama "The Squatter's Pardon" met with a good re ception lnab night. The College Swimming Championship was won at the City Baths last night by W. McMillan, of Way College. Present jury-list holds good until 31st De cember, 1891, revised at first Local- Court of Full Jurisdiction every November. If you are over 60 years of age you can have your name removed from the jury- list upon giving notice to the clerk of the district coun cil in which you reside. First compulsory Militia Act passed in South Australia in 1854. Force limited to 2,000, to be balloted for from citizens between the age of 18 and 46 years. No Booner is smokeless Fpowder invented than a German soientist comes forward as a fog creator. He claims to have constructed a shell which, on exploding, will plunge the troops at whom it is aimed in complete dark The Duke and Duchess of York, during a brief stay in London, received a deputation from the principality, who presented a wed ding gift consisting of a massive centrepiece weighing over 3,000 ounces, oud composed of gold and silver from WelBh mines. The now Congressional Library at Washing ton, U.S.A., is the largest structure of its kind in the world, and, while inferior in the number of books to the British Museum or the Bodleian Library- at Oxford, it will beun-| equalled as to completeness of appointments and arrangement of details. Its dome, pre senting a surfaee-of 10,000 ft., is-being covered with leaves of 23 carat gold. Feeling is conveyed along the nerves ten times slower than sound travels. If, there fore, an infant was born having an arm the inconvenient length of 01,000,000 miles, so as to reach the sun, and if in the erndle he were to stretch out bis arm and touch tbe sun the infant might grow the 70 yenra allotted to him, but he would never bo uonaojous of the fact that his fingers were burnod. He would live 135 years before that would be auapeotod,— Professor Prootor. Mrs. Bramwell Booth, addressing a large meeting at Newcastle on Rescue Work, said there were now 48 homos accommodating 007 women. Alluding to the social scheme generally, she said that £200,422 had been spent on sooinl work during 1803, of which £193,272 had been recovered by the sale of goods and the payments of the poor people themselves. Thus the aotnal onst of tho social operations amounted to only £13,750. This amount had not been met end tho sooial Bohema-waa in greater difficulty thou before* Ab a meeting of the trustees of Mrs. Brown's estate' held on Monday the .resignation of Bishop Kenuion was received and Dean Marryat was appoinbod in his stead. The Chamber of Manufaotores elsewhere publishes a list of the books that have been stolen from the library, and offers a reward for their reoovery. The committee have-"also decided to place the more valuable "reference books in their possession in looked oupboards, and in fubure readers will be asked to make application ab the office of the secretary before referring bo any parti'oular bookl ' 