\- ^ r x ' ^ ' SaTMT A TSe¥ ' OT^INDLY allow mo td {ntrodufid. wysolf.; ? Is V Of course, you will imagine .thab the gomowhab commonplace perBon who calls ? himself tho author of this story ia addressing ' you. Nothing of tho sorb. I haVe rented him for tho occasion, although I am sensible ^ lie makes but a poor vehicle for the trans \ mission of ghostly thoughts and ideas. Still, Is as it was necessary to materialise myself for this occasion, and he happened to be to left, I closed with him at once, on the condition that he should havo a vacation in space until : midnight^fe- , v , This i^^Bgement will enable me to briefly, ^toll you'llfrl. a disembodied ghost — nob . ey^Efleard of any other kind* of ghosb H^^^frspeaiving to you- with- tho voice of*'a r-' -? ? man — ab least ho 'thinks himself a '? ^Hmin. X want to tell how X visited Aunb Matilda and had it out with her. I admit \- :that the proceeding was rude, - bub I really couldn't -help myself. Any ghost with a ' shadow of shadowy self-respccb would have treated her in the same way. : ? Only last night I was off duty, in Shadow : land; Something had disagreed with me. ' My/ bones ached ; they., weren't properly '. articulated— I believe that is the correct ? term. ? .One ulso suffers from rheumatism in . Ghoshlaiid^ nob to any jgreab extent, bub just sufficiently so to bo unpleasant. ? ? ' 3tmdly put out your tongue,' said my . professional adviser, still.sticuing to wordly \- phraseology from sheer. force of habit,/ . . I.hadn'b u tongue, so'I couldn't. - : ? ' My dear Billies,' lie said. (my . name is i Biflles), as he dug me ir\ the rib3 until.thoy rattled, ' liny dear Biffles,' what we want is ? change of scene. We're decidedly low— ? pining for something. ' We've been here twenty years without a holiday. and it's growing monotonous. Wo must havo a | night off. Wo want tone -bracing up— we want to think of something unpleasant ? - which Will instantly dissipate the placidity oi.Ghostland. Someone who used to quorrol / ? Willi us in. the old days when wo were alivo. \- Think, we must think, of somo one down .. . there.' . 'No; can'tthink of anyone dowii there.' I-said, after a moment of shadowy reflec tion ; 'it's along tiniongo.' * ? 'Think,' my doctor repeated, as he felb .. for an imaginary watch, and rammed it into non-existent pocket. 'Someone who used to disagree with you very much. Didn't you— eh— over marry down there V .?'Then I remembered Matilda. . A shudder ran down my spine. ' No— no, ''I said; \- ? V very nearly, but she wriggled out of it.' 'Jsshe— eli — still down there ?' he asked, in -his old professional tones. 'We want a \- tonic, my dear Billies— we want tone — we want rousing — forcibly rousing~ we— wo must look her up if she hasn't married. \\. She'll rouso us. Who was she?' ? ' Matilda,' I said sorrowfully, for.I didn't .. want to* be roused (I remomber Matilda's ' methods of rousing mo in the past). She v - .was very pretty thcu, but had a— a temper enough to make your bones rattle. * ' Ah, yes ; just the very thing, the very .- thing for us,' he murmured. 'Go down and call there to-night. You will be thank* ? ful enough to get buck again, but it will, : doubtless, make a little change fpr you.' »- . v-wv , Somehow I had forgotten all about ? ^ t Matilda.'' She had been one of the dreams.I ; had failed to graspwhehl 'wis ^Irye.^'We . were psychical affinities once. How pretty -she was then ! Golden hair, too, and blue 5 i: eyes, and a volce.like the soft music of the ? : . wind among th^ pine tops when— when she v . wasn't angry but when she was angry it became like the .roaring of a gale at sea. Ah, that temper ! She said she would never marry a man who smoked, unless he did it in a greenhouse where it would keep off the flies. And so we had parted. . She said that -I seemed to think that matrimony was all smoke; and that smoke in drawing-room v ? curtains was a thing ho'woman would put . up with. So we agreed. to disagree. : .????? I caught the ten o'clock Phantom'Special, and. reached London in forty- five seconds. The guard landed me in Matilda's drawing ? room. In another second 1 found. myself confronting two nsvchical affinities. _ ? Just imagine yourself transferred from . the chill, shadowy depths of Ghosfcland to a world of warmth and light and love. The ... fire burned brightly ; a cat purred- on the \- hearth. The room was gay and cosy, the nil* sweet with the fragrance of flowers. Not w. , the scent of cold, dead blossoms, but living incense which floated around what had utice been my heart, as I raised my hands in. mute benediction over his black curls and her v- - r-goldon hair. : I gathered from their conversation that the golden- haired girl was Matilda's niece, was called Dick, and her name was ^ Emily. I further gathered that she was ? : dependent on Matilda, who ruled her with . the rod of iron wherewith she had ruled me in the days of old, when I was expected « either nob to smoke or to do so without y -spoiling the curtains, i . - . Matilda, it appeared, had resolved never to consent to Dick and Emily's marriage, \- which tVas just what might have been . expected from Matilda. \- ? ' Matilda had gone to bed with cotton wool \- in her ears and a cold in her nose.. And poor ; - : Dick had crept down the area, and cook liad : let him in to spend a few minutes with the \- r- beloved one, just to renew their vows and v ? comfort each other. He was full of hope. .- .r The world was hard, he said, but love was stronger -than the world or even death . ; itself, and ho would conquer the world, and they would live happily, over ? r- . ... -after, in a suburban villa, without being . afraid of even a tax collector. Then he somewhat sorrowfully, for all his brave , words, went uway, and Emily, her face buried in tho sofa, prayed for something to \- Boften that portion of Matilda's anatomy , which she called a heart. I.felt a phantom tear steal down where my ?? nose should havo been. Then I laid my * fiesh-hand oil Emily's shoulder and pressed . r..: a shadowy kiss upon her fair white forehead, iv.- ???- 'Don't be afraid, my dear,' 1 said, softly. ? 'I'll tackle Matilda; a'ue can't hurt me — now;' and I waa upstair* before Emily could \- v give more than a startled little scrcR.m and' . v hide her face m the sofa cushion. -.? v- I euppoao it was rather a rude thing to ?:- enter a lady's room at that hour, especially as I hadn't been invited to do so, and did'nt : even knock. But I was very angry with ' . Matilda. She had made me miseiablo on ? ? earth for twenty yeurv, and now ahe was carrying on the same sort of thing with M (. . : those young people. I perched on the rail . at tho foot of the bcrl, and tried to prevent -ff, ,/??? my teeth from chattering. - C ? Matilda sat up ni- bed with the' wool in her ? ears and a stocking tied round her head. As : ^ j ' a. preliminary proceeding I blew out the r y. .wool. Jt -s a favonute tuck of you mortals -'to stnft thing# in your cars and not listen. A lire burnt cheerfully in the grate. (Matilda always could take care of her3elf.) ??i.cv v ? On her liltlo round table stood a bottle labelled ' 'J he mixture. To be taken as k -. . before.'^. It smelt (in vpite of disguising ? like somo I had tasted— some- aroma — at bachelor parties r : alive. I reached over, and, \- my physical limitations, drank ; I was rjglit; it was much stro^^r than peppermint. It ran down ???over the bed.j |-ut, fortunately for me, ? -.).? . Matilda failed^cv notice it. As I sculi-fed back to tho bed -»il,' ; Matilda saw me and groaned. (Matilda was always rude.) She appeared to be ? . terribly frightened. 'It's only me Mntty,' 1 said, thinking the endearing diminutivo ' Matty ' might soothe )jcf. 'It's only me. *?' I've ]ust dropped m for ^ quiet chat— from lip there.' ' Matilda'n wimLied and ill-tempered . .. -old face turned white. She tried to hide it in the clothes, but I wouldn't let . her. ... ?- I'm— I'm afraid it is rather indelicate, Matty,' 1 suid. ' But I'ui hero on busi v - ness, and ib won't keep. It's no use BCreammg for anyone. Thoy can't turn me : ? ? ? ; ,'0Ut.'. . ? ? \ ^ Matilda recovered. (That woman alwuys : had plooty of ncrve«) 'It's itjiU' sh* utd, AR if ah6 dMnS thlntt ftiaoh of tte. I I— I fancied you had gone, to a place where I they couldn'fc firo up emoking.'. - ; I - Jusb :liko Matty, : Always ungenerous, always unforgiving.: II made mo feel olive I again just to near her shrewish tones. : She evidently waan'fc a bib afraid of mo now* ! Thab made tho whole scene seem natural ab onco. } \\*. ? ?? - i u Juao explain what you mean by coming I n ab this hour. ^If yeu'd beon allTe vou 1 would nob havo dared* I'd have scratcned your oyo« out.'-- ^ ? ' True enough, 'I said, medltatively.'I should havo been' frightened. Time hasn'b softened you much,- Matty.1? ». ' No,' she «aid, ' I'm as tough as old red , sandstone. ; If you don't go. away. I'll throw t things at you» What do you want ? ' ?; . : ' Only one thing,' I said. 11 You'ro very comfortable hero, Matty. ; How; do you do ib t ands three-quarter per;;cent;r Ooschens t'1 ?. ; ' Never you mind,'^ she snapped.. ,U You leffc ^mo.^ tho money.' ;-,. .... ' Yes,' I said, thoughtfully nursing my left leg and balancing, myself in : an airy attitude on the.rail, just tolet her see that I wasn't frightened. . ' Yes, I did. / That's what I've come about.' : ' WelJ, you-0can'fc have it,' ahe replied. '-You'd better be off. If- ; you come again I'U i-roseouto you. You never did have any sense of propriety wlien you were alive.' ... ? ? * Always hasty, ..Matty*-. Ah, .me j what an escape I had.' She sat up in bed angrily, ' If you don't go I'll have you turned out. ' If you're no't quiet I'll compromise you, Matty, ? I said.. _' You 'rigid Wesleyans don't like a scandal, and ill materialise myself. How' do you like tliab?' ' If you take the. same shape you once had,' she replied, ' I shouldn't like ib at all. What a'you want ! ' : ' Only one thing— charming turban you're wearing, Matty. There was always some thing Oriental in your.styleof beauty. Oh, 'yes ; it was just a trifle I wanted.' ' What is it?' 11 You must make over your 2£ per cent. Goschens to your niece and consent to her marriage with Dick, or '™r I paused significantly. ' Or wh^i V* she enquired. ' Well, , you see— bub I'd rather nob explain.' „ . 'You must.' ' Oh, very well, if you insist I suppose I'll ! have to. You know where you hinted 1 1 camefrom?' Sho nodded until her turban came off.* ' Well, I don't want to seem unkind, Matty, but unless you do as I wish about that little matter you'll have to go back with me.' Sho shrieked. Then ahe roflected. 'I could make it very uncomfortable for you there, I suppose ?' ' Perhaps, but I'm willing to give up my personal comfort for the sake of those young people.' ' You always were a fool,' she sneered. (Her rudeness was quite refreHhing. .1 - felt over so much better.) ' You always were a fool. 'But I'll- do ib, if only to get rid of you.' * ' It'w a promise ?' I jiskod. 'Ofcoursej I uever break my word.' ' No ; you'd rather break someone's else's heart. Then we may consider this little matter arranged?' *1 slid on to the counterpane and laid au icy hand upon her heart. . . .: ' Yes— ye*,' she gasped. ' D— don't do .that again you'll .make my cold worse. Only go and I'll swear to do it.' 'No, your promise is sufficient,' and I turned to go. 'That's all.. Goodnight.' 'Good-night! shesnapped, 'I'll fettle all that to-morrow.' . ' You— you wouldn't like to shake hands?' I suggested timidly (I always was afraid of hor). 'Shukc . hands before wc part. I mightn't get a night olf for another twenty years. We —we've liad a very enjoy able tdt-a- ltU. Quite like old time*.' She held out a hand almost' as cold as m'y own. Then she began to cry. -People do cry after taking too much peppermint; 'What's the mattor, Matilda?' lacked,' in astonishment. 'I reully did love you,' she sobtfed. 'I — I should like to kiss you just once. 1 started back in terror. ''Keally, Matilda, I have'- a rapuatioh lo muintain. This is a little too much. I'm only a iv unpro tected ghost-. You shouldn't, you Itnow, really,' and I sped from- the room. 'I wonder if that sweet girl will ever know,' I thought to myself, as I eniered Emily'* room. Eiifoldedin her golden hair, tlie lay sleep ing, a smiie upon her lovely lip*. Hor white eyelids were closed over her beauti- - ful eyes : one little white hand lay ou the coverlet. I fell on my ghostly lineas, and the warmth and life of the gill's sweet nature stole into me as I lifted herhaudlo my phantom lips and then faded noiselessly away . into tho 3Cingdom of Dreams and Shadow*, back to the .quiet, drowsy haurita of my fellow-spirits, there to linger, though longing to take my place again iu all the tit ful fever and the strife -which men call life. — Exchanae. A NOBLE ACT. There was an old negro floating in a skiff on the head waters of the Licking. He was fishing— fish- mighty fine down that way. He liad a boy in the boab with htm who kept looking into 'the water until he lost his balance and 'disappeared in the -water. Quicker than I could tell you the old man had his coat off and dove for the boy. He brought him up all right, and then rowed for tho bank. When they gob out, dripping, of.course, a white man, who had seen, the whole business, complimented the old man on his heroic act. ' He must be a son of yours ?' said bho white man. ' No; no, sah ; no son of mine.' ' Nephew, then ?' ' ' No, sah.' .'Cousin?' ' No ; no cousin.' 'Then you deserve all the more credit for saving hie life.' ' well, I doan' know 'bout dat, boss. You see he had all do bait in his pocket.' AND LINDLEY MURRAY WEPT. To a Park-row waiter belongs tho proud distinction of uttering what is probably the. most ungrammatical sentence over ovolved from the brain of illiterate man. Saturday afternoon an old man took his scab at the table, and gave his usurI order to a new and rather case-hardened plate toseer. ' Waiter,' he replied, as, tho dishes wero slammed down before him, ' this beef isn't sufficiently underdone.' ! With asmileot contempt, tho servitor bore the viands back to the kitchen window, and returned a moment later without having changed them. . 'Say old gent,'.' lie hissed through hie clinched teeth, ' wo ain't got no beef what'a no underdoncr 1° SOME ' DON'TS' FOR GIRLS. Don't believe implicitly everything he tells you when he is woqing you. t . Don't let him win your love too easily ; men do not like that ; they Would rather kave a little trouble to gain vou. Don't worry the life.out of him by asking him 'Why do you love me?' He does not always have an answer. for you. Don't bother him too much about your hats and gowns ; a man likes to think you dress to please him, but he has other things to talk about. , r Don't ignore the fact when he wears a now necktie ; if a man has a tender spot of vanity it is generally his tie. In a small town in Lancashire a minister closed his Bermon the other day with these words .... ; , ' -Ve would be pleased, moreover, to havo the young man wh.o is standing outside the doorcomo in and make certain whether she is hero or not. That would be a great (leal better than opening the door half an Inch and exposing tbe people in the Uot 10W of soaU U.a draught^' 