A Piebald Ghost. By J. P. T. O'MEARA. I CONFESS to a certain feeling of reluctance to tell this story, for in the good old days I was so often quizzed about it that I almost wished I had never been born. However, as most of my compatriots have been gathered to their fathers and sleep in lonely spots on some station sand-hill, I can now relate the circumstances without further fear of their good-natured raillery. It was in 1865, just after the great flood in the Darling, which brought ruin and disaster to so many of the early pioneers. It is a moot point whether the flood of '64 or the great in- undation of 1890 was the larger, but many of the old hands, like myself, incline to the opinion that the earlier deluge was certainly the greater, although the course of the waters seems to have been somewhat different. Be that as it may, the latter-day settlers had all the benefit of telegraphic communication to warn them of impending danger, whilst their predecessors were swamped by the waters and their cattle drowned almost before they had time to realise it. In those days I was a drover, and on the particular occasion to which I refer I was under engagement to bring a mob of fat bul- locks from a station on the Culgoa to the Ade- laide market. I had dispatched my stockmen and plant some three weeks before, so that there should be no delay in making a start with the cattle when I arrived. What a fine lot of beasts they were, to be sure; as fat as butter and as even as a hand- ful of duckshot. The Culgoa cattle always had the reputation of being somewhat wild, but this herd had evidently been skilfully handled, and after a few days on the roads my charges settled down like a team of working bullocks. There was good grass and plenty of water, and no restricted travel- ling stock routes. You could graze for five miles on either side of the road if you chose, and if a stockrider or an overseer did conde- scend to pay you a visit it was generally only for a pannikin of tea, a yarn, and a smoke. When on the roads about three weeks, I one day picked out a camp on the river, and gave our cook directions where to go to get things ready for the night. When we got to the spot, a little before sundown, we were surprised to find that our chef was non est—a circumstance which caused us much displeas- ure, as we were all as hungry as crows, and did not relish being deprived of our evening meal. Quartpot Jacky, my black boy, was started in quest of the delinquent, whom he found camped under a tree some miles away. The poor fellow, who was a new chum, with a lively horror of being "bushed," seemed to have lost his head on finding he had missed the camp, and settled down quite contentedly, as he knew full well some of us would soon find and bring him back to the right place. It was ten o'clock when they reached the camp, and the first watch over. We soon had the "billies" on and some steak frying, and made up for losing our tea by eating twice as much at supper. I arranged the rest of the watches, and re- tired to rest under the waggon, Quartpot being in charge of the cattle. I suppose I had been in bed about an hour, when I was awakened from my slumbers by the black boy tugging away at my blanket. On awak- ing I could see something serious was up, as Quartpot was shaking from head to foot and showing the whites of his eyes, as only an aboriginal can when in the state of excite- ment. "What's up?" I asked laconically. "Big fella debbil go all round um cattle. Baal mine watch no more," was his reply in broken accents. Of course I laughed at him, for whoever knew an Australian bushman to believe in ghosts. "Humbug, Quartpot," said I. "Go back to the cattle, or they may break away and put us in a mess." But not a budge would Quartpot give. He sat down on the ground alongside my bed, and would not move. At it was my own watch next I thought it best to dress and go with him, and try and dispel his fears, or at any rate to see, if possible, what had alarmed him. Mounting my brave old Tormentor—the crack "cutter-out" of his day—we proceeded to the cattle, who were lying as quite as mob of milkers. Presently I was alarmed at seeing some- thing like two large white spots moving round the other side of my drove. I had no fear of the supernatural, but this mysterious thing somewhat disturbed me. Quartpot was alongside and pointed in the direction of the cause of our fears. "Debbil, debbil," he whispered, and then turning towards the camp rode away as fast as his moke could carry him. I determined at all hazards to ascertain what the mystery was. On moving nearer to it it reversed its course, and in doing so the two white spot seemed to merge into one. I was thunderstruck. What on earth could it be? What puzzled me most was that the cattle did not seem to take any notice of it. Was it a spirit and visible to bovine eyes? It could not be a creation of my fancy, for had not Quartpot been skeered half out of his wits by it? I was nonplussed. Again and again I approached it, but always when within a certain distance it retraced its steps, as if anxious to avoid direct contact with me. When my watch was over I did not rouse the next man. I made up my mind to con- tinue on until daylight, in the hope of finding out what this unwelcome visitor was. Old Tormentor did not appear too happy, and displayed a desire to keep as far as possible away from the phantom. I sat on the horse under a coolebah tree, and watched this strange thing for hours. Round the cattle it would go, as far as the river, show- ing two white spots, and then return to within a hundred yards of me, showing only one. All of a sudden, when I was looking in another direction, it quietly disappeared. This added to my uneasiness, for now I felt a growing conviction that it must be a visitant from the other world. Not without some trepidation I rode round the wing of the cattle that the mysterious spots had been watching all night, but al- though I strained my eyes in all directions no trace could I see of the cause of my fears. Oh! how glad I was when the first grey streaks of dawn struck the eastern horizon. I had never spent such a six hours in sus- pense before. All my nerves were unstrung, and I could bear my heart palpitating heavily in my bosom. I roused the cook to get breakfast, and then started off in the forest in quest of I knew not what. When I had gone about a quarter of a mile I was astonished to find an old piebald horse feeding quitely on a grassy sand-hill. He had two large white spots on the off side. The rest of him was bright bay. This, thought I, is the cause of all my trouble. All night long I have been in a fever of a funk over a piebald horse. To say that I was disgusted is only to ex- press my sensations in a very limited degree. I felt in that peculiar predicament when a man has a desire to kick himself. I am afraid I swore. What a laugh there was at breakfast time, to be sure, and how Quartpot Jacky was chaffed by the boys. "And faix! were you frightened too, sir?" asked a son of Erin's who was one of my hands. "I really was a little alarmed," I truthfully confessed, at which admission there was more merriment. I found out the history of my mysterious friend some time later. He had been a cattle-horse attacked to the plant of a drover. Having been staked with a brigalow limb, he got crippled, and, having a bumble hoof, was turned adrift to live or die. I can only presume that, on dropping across our cattle, old-time recollections must have flashed across the equine brain, and glad of finding some relief in his solitude he took to voluntary watching. This would account for his walking round the cattle until he came to within a short distance of me, and then returning, just like two men would do on a double watch. Within six months the story, much ex- aggerated, was all over the district, and no matter where I went I was always asked if I had seen another piebald ghost. \--- A PAINFULLY sudden death occurred re- cently at Boston. The Rev. William Graham, of the First Reformed Presbyterian Church, speaking at a temperance meeting, said: "I came out of a sick bed to show which side I am on." Scarcely had the words fallen from his lips when he fell down and died on the platform. THE British and Foreign Bible Society is instrumental in yearly publishing nearly 4,000,000 Bibles, in 304 different languages. Robinson Crusoe's island, Juan Fernan- dez, is inhabited by about 60 persons, who attend to the herds of cattle that graze there. 