OUR UNCIVIL SERVICE. . A . lands. WAIST LANDS AND OTHER . KINDS. — I Oat for a Surrey, i y -i j G. H. II. SHIfH. ' -j His Selection In the North. When Captain Joseph Cook in hia famous ship The End-of-Her, threw the Labor Tarty overboard ; and began to wind up the G.P.O. clock, the. lands of this country ' were the property of the guileless savage. . At "that now historical period King Billy ruled over the Empire of Woolloomooloo and the Jossorslnnd adjoining. Block 'Liza led society at Potts Point, and Emily . Cobotheroo was belle of Bondi and the neighboring suburbs. Tho simple black- fellow tilled tho soil or took his gin's scalp, just as tho fancy came to him. It goes without saying that tlio native wore no clothes. Considering tho present summer we contend that this T7is a sign of a high order of civilisation. Were it not for our position society we would come to toe offlco in a paper collar such eathor as this. For summer coolness and general all- round comfort a paper collar will take the cake or any other species of confectionery. But if the simple native woro no clothes, his titlo to city property and valuable suburban allotments was clear. He carried, it in the shape of' a good knotty nullah in his right hand. If any other nigger questioned the title he was promptly knocked down with it. This genial method of settling disputes saved a lot of expensive law costs, took well, and gave pleasure to all — with the trifling exception of the claimant with the broken Bkull. However, when Captain Joseph Cook came from Lithgow in his ship The End-of-Her, with a " solid" pledge at the " helm and a portfolio at the prow, every thing was changed. The blackfellow was warned off his own property, and if he did not move quickly enough, the settler hurried him up with a bullet or a charge '. of bucksliot in the rear. Then the country of Now South Wales became the property of the Crown, the banks, and the Johnson family. In order that the Crown lands of New South Wales should be made to support a population, the Lands Depart ment waB established. Tho dopartment has, with the assistance from tho tax payer, supported a large and increasing population of Uncivil Servants. Tho head Lands Office is situated in Bridge-street. It is elegantly fitted up, furnished, and vpholstered, and the dudeB and tailors' ' advertisements who mostly inhabit it are reckoned to be the best paid and least worked of any in the service of the people. The Lands Department is divided into sections — such as the Survey Section and the Babbit Branch. The latter is the most interesting. It relates to' the des truction of the gay and frisky rodent, who rides tho land like a lively nightmare. This branch has been spending public money like water for the last ten or twelve years in the extermination of- the rnbbit. Through its patriotic endeavors rabbit-pie bos become a common commodity in Sydnoy hash-houses. For all that we would advise any of our readers who have a penchant for rabbit-pie to see and smell tho rabbit before they start to eat the pie. We know one hash-house at least which is run in conjunction with a cat farm. Now \- -that the frozen rabbit industry is being opened up wo may expect to.hear of a great number of appointments being made to the Babbit Branch. The lucrative rodent bos been erroneously called " The Squatter's Terror." Brer Babbit is no such thing. It has paid lots of 6quatters to breed rabbits for the Bake of the bonuses on their scalps — another instance of the patriotism of Toung Australia. To sell the Crown lands of N.S.W. it costs .£14,000 a year; to lease them, .£8000; for local land \- boards, £40,000; while their survey alone exceeds £133,000. Next to being a mil lionaire wo know of no more delightful occu pation than that of a Government surveyor. It is a kind of eternal camping excursion, with reasonable intervals of change in ' town. Whon the member for Onogunyah saves his Government on a close division, and tho latter gratefully grants a railroad " survey through the district — and especially through the hon. member's part of it— a surveying party is joyfully sent up with instructions to, be fCs long over the business as possible, Tho party gets its travelling trunks, piano, portable bath, and other articles of ubo and luxury upon tho ground. Then it adjourns for a few days to the nearest township witha.viejr to sampling the quality of the local' liquors and making a true suryey of any want lands that moy be in the vicinity. It comps back, and of course requires to be tenderly nursed and rested for a few '.weeks. Then it puts strength into itself with a day or two's wallaby shooting or a kangaroo drive, or some other healthful out-door amusement. Finally it gets to work. Its progress is slow and painful, like the roarch of a sick snaiL It cuts down a treo, sits down, wipes the sweat from its fair young brow, and has a smoke. Then it gots up, cuts a possum out of the tree for tho dogs, sits down, wipes the sweat from it6 brow a3 before, and has another smoke ! - Pre sently it knocks off for tucker. After tuoker it takes a sleep. By the time it wakes up toa is ready. After tea it rides across to the public-house for a game of billiards or some liquid stuff for tho spirit WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE ON THE MAP. levels, and so on and so on. In the course of two or three years, having completed its survey, the party returns to the head office and reports itBelf. Then tho hoad office, taking care not to soil its delicate, aristocratic, do -the -block -on -Saturday morning hands, makes up plans of the pro posed road, and that is the last the country hears of it. " New South Wales is crossed and re- crossed by thousands of imaginary lines, each of which has coat the Treasury some thousands of pounds. The existence of many of these lineB can only be discovered by a reference to musty maps in the Lands Office. In some coses they have even been officially forgotten. Conse quently it is not a matter for great surprise that the only pawnable thing left in the colony is George Beid's eye-glass. To tho settler about to take up land the Bridge- street Dude Dep6t is invaluable. Numbers of these persons in tall, white, soft felt hats, Crimean shirts, and misfitting pants can be found about the Lands Office any time it is visited. The visitor will notice that many of them wear a wild, frenzied look in their eye, in addition to their other clothes. This arises from the slow, gradual, exasperating movement of the official mill in which they are being ground. Wo knew a man once, George Washington Hannibal Smith by name, who attempted to take up land in this country. WHAT IT ACTUALLY WAS WHEN HE GOT THERE. Our friend Smith was a man ' of large enterprise and small capital. He aspired to a - well- watered, suitably - situated selection. He did not believe in vil lage settlements, and . ho bad no desiro to share tho communal jigger in Paraguay. Consequently, ho determined to remain at home, devote his energies and intellect to tho cultivation of his native soil, and become rich. By way of a start he prg-. sented himself at the door of the Lagds Office. It was' a little after 9 in the morning. He found she place still asloop. After a while hOcliscovered a notice posted up to the effect that as Gus do Land's had been at Mrs. Fitztopdog's "swarry " at the. Point last evening, he could not be ex pected to show his face to the public over his three-inch collar till after 10 o'clpck, Smith went away up to the Domain for an hour, and found a lot of other folks waiting tlioro on the same lay as himself. A little after 10 a.m. ho presented himself at the door of the Dude Depfit, and made known his business. They directed him to the messenger, the messenger sent him to a probationer, the probationer sent him to a junior clork, the junior clork sent him to a senior clerk, tho senior clerk sent him to a junior draftsman, the junior draftsman sent him to a senior draftsman, tho senior draftsman sont him to the head draftsman, the hoad draftsman sont him to the Chief Surveyor, tho Chief Surveyor sont him to the clork in Charge of tho lease division, the clerk in charge of the loaso division sent him to the clerk in charge of the sales division, who sont him to the clork in charge of the inquiry branch, who sent him to the chief clerk, who sent him to tho Under Secretary, who sont him to tho Minister for Lands. The lattor sent him bock to the inquiry branch with a minute, the minute went down again as far oa the messenger, was endorsed at each stage and came back to the inquiry branch smelling of red tape, scaling wax, and different dude soents. By this time the office was being closed up for the night, and my friend Smith was hustled out by a gentleman with a yard and a half of shirt front, and told by another gentle man, with a collar eighteen inches high, to( " call again to-morrow." On tho following day George Washing ton Hannibal . Smith presented himself at the Inquiry Branch, and was asked, what he wanted. Smith apologised, and said ho desired to get some information about the Crown lands avnilablo for selection. He had an idea that the soil was the proper place for a man like himself, and he wanted to got right on to the soil and Btart fulfill ing his mission in life by grubbing stumps and ring-barking. The officials looked haughtily at the man who wanted to go and Bweat himself instead of sitting in a plush and mahogany-fitted public office and chow the end of liis pen for a living. Three or four of them held a secret conversation be hind a Japanese screen in the corner. Then the sound of their voices subsided, and Smith fell asleep. Whon he woke the office had closed. The officials had forgotten \- all about him ; he had slept all day, and had been shut in when the Dude Dep6t emptied itself out upon the block, tho tennis-ground, and tho down-town private bar. Smith, finding no means of escape, docided to make himself as comfortable as possible. Ho fished round for something to eat, and was not long before he un earthed a, bottle of French claret and some liam sandwiches and biscuits. Having discussed these he stretched himself upon the Brussels carpet in one of the superior officer's rooms and fell asleep. About 12 o'clock he woke with a start. A gaunt, shadowy form -was standing by his Bide ; through tho open door he perceived, along the spacious corridor a procession of similar forms wandering along. Smith, in a state of funk, demanded in a lond voice to know what was the matter. The form beside him lifted a bony forefinger. " Hush," it cried, " we are the ghosts of people who camo to the'Lands Department to hunt after Crown lands, and were worn out and died. Bold mortal, beware!" With theso words tho spook vanished, and the procession faded away into the night.. My friend Smith was a brave man ; he had been to a Mellon seance, and was not going to be deterred by just a few Bpooks. So he. stuck to tho Inquiry Branch for a whole wook. At the end of that time they sent him to the map-room, as he was be coming a nuisanco to thorn. After examining eighteen hundred and ninety-four different map3 and plans Smith happened on the one he was looking for. After iv careful scrutiny he found that . a certain area of land was marked "Open for occupation." He decided to take it up. He was informed by the officials that tho land was good arable . land, pleasantly situated on a river, well grassed, lightly timbered, and eminently suitable for settlement. By the end of an other month he had got as far as paying the doposifc, and in six weeks more he re ceived his receipt for same. George Washington Hannibal Smith now resolved on soiling out in town, and re- . moving with liis family and household effects to the far far north, whoro his selection was situated. After a journey of ton days by steamer, river-boat, and bullock-waggon, ho landed upon the ground. It was just about as unlike the rose- colored dream which had been drawn for him in tho Dud© Depflt as one thing could be unlike another. The country was what might bo termed of an irregular character. In some remote geological period a great convulsion of Nature hod upended things in that vicinity, One mountain had evi dently collided with another, and strewn some score of miles in area with the deirts. The prinoipal crop which our would-be settlor might expect to reap on that section would be granite and basalt boulders of assorted shapes and sizes. The only food- which ho was likely to procure was " gohanners " and rock wallaby. A man cannot bring up a family on gohanner and rock wallaby. The only kind of stock he could run on his selection would be goats. Goats — of the four-footed variety- do not pay anywhere outside of Surry Hills. After sizing the whole business up and down and across; Smith decided to forfeit the selection and return to Sydney. He is now in town, with a sample of his selection several pounds weight in either . pocket, trying- to get a private interview with the Lands officer who. recommended . that selection to him. 