ROUND-ABOUT NOTES. .. Yes, we are fairly on the job, and if we can do without the Ruming-ating view regarding the true virtues of a certain publication; we can't very well do without the help of our neighbors any more than the victory in days of yore when the name of OLUiiudttiJge neipcu lu a wen one ui hioudjj, The little nugget from the suspended granite vil lage swooped down on lis much after the style of the Arabian vulture when gathering up precious gems from the abysmal depths wherein all the waters were stated to be gathered up on the third- day of the creation. Aye, while we were enjoying a sweet adamantine repose Meurant evolved the fact that our mining industry was about to become as flat as old Jack Adam's wit, that our miners' scope was about to be " congested,'' and that if we didn't step up to the ring we'd be knocked as high as Sadler's balloon when the aerial ass flopped out of 1 it. 1 No, we were not half awake to the fact of what V the antediluvian jokers who run the Legislative 1 Council were up to. We know now, thanks to the Vgrauite men out there. The fossilised warriors /wanted to "congest" us, and we arc not going to I be congested like that— not if we know anythiug uhout it. Alf., with another k-rge A embellishing she ant, was bred and born a miner, yet he was no minor when digging up Parliamentary representa tives sought to be thrown into the scramble, and poor little Glen Iunes — right out of the scramble ou that panning; uot the ghost of a representative, or wouldn't the telegraph wires be fairly split with messages about the why, the wherefore, and so? Rather. And tin being the order of the hour, my irrepressible friend, Mr. Tintaxvalentinesachs — Phoebus ! — spread out his hind feet, to detract, counteract, substract, sacks, wax — anything to un seat the Stonehenge ant, A Parliamentary repre sentative was a representative still — if he wasn't a still mayor. That's it. Aud so he is a represen tative Who said he wasn't. You can't help the works of people when they trot off to the ballot- box. No, 'they do remarkable things when they want to run the franchise, and the very man they don't want to return, bless my soul if they don't whip him in clean on top of the poll— instead of pole-axing him in the first place, aud in the last place he becomes the representative. That's good news truly about the representative, anyway. It would be better .news it we hadn't any represen tative — at least, Meurant says so. I want to know Wiich one — Hutchison, Wright, or — But what was sought to be gained by this fine meetiug was not whether the Legislative Council should be elective or nominative — not whether the nominees of Parkes or Dibbs should run the gaunt let, damn Chicago, or whether R. B. Wise is as 1 wise as ever, or Hindle is not a hindrance. No, it was simply to plank down the truth that it we had not discovered tin.ou our locked up lands we ought to have found tons — under our basaltic lava, and because we haven't found it, is no just cause or im pediment why we cau't nor why we shan't find it. And thus I say Meurant, you have taken the bull by the wool, all for the benefit of this place. How are we metalliferous people going to reward you ? I have it: Boyd lias vacated his seat. Don't be buoyed up vith those Cool-gardie hopes your close friends say yon entertain, but keep cool, aud if we don't buoy you into Adair's seat— well, that's not me, but somebody else, quite distinct altogether. So look out for the business end of this paper, and march to the front. You are still a miner, and so is Keating, but Keating's "posthole" won't be deep enough for us. In bringing up " nuggets," it might. In speech making — well, we mustu't. Yet, if Keating had enough of those postholes to dig it might pay a deal better than tin mining — or a lot better than "pokin'it at 'em." The fact is if "practical'" miners didn't turn up the fault wa3 their own, aud so much the more credit for the men who fixed the business up, and I heard Keat ing say the same thing, He is a bit of a philoso pher, so Meuraut — rejoice and be glad Much unalloyed joy should fill parents' hearts uow that we have a real live Government phrenolo gist among us who is endeavoring to connect the science of the human mind with the supposed organs of thought and passion iu the brain of our youth. Yes, a professor is here, and he invites all children attending the Public School to have their, craniological portions manipulated so that fond mothers may learn what particular line of life Nature has designed the dear ones for. The idea is by no means a bad one, aud when it is stated that each child is expected to bring up the modest sum of Is., it's really good — especially for some one. Say, for iustauce, the number of pupils to be 250. It is fair to guess that at least 200 mammas will " do likewise," aud send the required "peg" along — whether " your father" can suffer it or not ; whereupon, if we look at the matter from a business point, we find a total of £10 has been raked in. - A Government that can be so very philanthropic as to look to the future of youug Australia for such a modest sum deserves credit ; but it might be just as well to know into whose' pocket the money goes. - And just here let me remark that the native- born as a rule don't develop bumps till the pubertal period is reached, unless it is a " bloomin' " bump from a sly shanghai. Scientific men say so, hence we are forced to believe- it. This I <lo know for an absolute fact — my twin brother was sent up to get his brain case delineated. You see, we had a very observant "old cove," aud he detected genius even in a marble man. When the chart came home it was a proud thing indeed for dad to read, " Send this lad to a sculptor ; he has ideality very large." Off Adrain was packed at great expense. But some how 01- other the chief constituents of creative genius failed to make any show, and the lad came home a complete failure. It was no fault of the science of phrenology nor the little old gentleman who tried the head about 70 years ago iu China. ' It was my beloved Adrain's. He had quite neglected to say that he had lallen off our neighbor's peachtree, and that tiie ideality excresence came out at the end of the descent— that was all. ' Speaking ot fruit reminds me that this delicacy is much sought after at present, and our many shop windows make a very presentable show indeed. I11 fact, there are not many towns can give us inuchoi a start 011 this score. The only thing is that in the first place money is scarce,- and in the next place there- is not a " skerrik" of money at all to spend on half a delicacy. Then, again, most of the fruit shown here is not grown here ; and why it is not growu here is one of the things that no feller can. understand. I can't — not well. We have a grand soil and a fine climate, and yet retailers tell me they are compelled to send away to Tam worth and elsewhere for supplies — that owners of gardens who \- have any fruit at all demand spot cash, that pro ducers at a distance give from a month to six weeks' credit, aud, lastly, that prices are excessive. These are reasons tangible enough, but they are also remedial. It is not good reading for a place like this to put up such a record, so I'll just leave the subject for the time being, and hope that a friendly hint won't be construed into anything worse than seasonable and fruitful. Alsalvo I Alaso! And I might as well add deu'ee the bit of joy-o. For while there are no less than 11 candidates up for the Tweed electorate, on the Labor ticket, Glen Iunes is dowu on it's heels truly — we haven't rounded up one. What can be the matter at all with the times that a seat like this has failed to bring out a Labor aspirant ? It is probable, however, that the strong hand Mr. F. A. Wright holds has flattened out the cause up here entirely, because the other night a gentleman was announced to lecture 011 " Our Social Difficulties" — a burning question with the " bone and sinew" — and the audience consisted of the caretaker and bellman ! That is playing it very low down on the vexed Labor problem, isn't it? I was thinking very seriously of having a' cut in for the £300 my self, because just at this particular juncture the sum stipulated would be very much better catching than measles or anything that way, and, moreover, I am persuaded the marvellous affix M.L.A. -to a fellow's patronymic is a heap of strength. But wet blankets settle me 011 the point, and uuless 1 can run Adrian, who is a bit of a tiger 011 polities, the roof will be knocked off Labor, for I couldn't face the music after Saturday night — not much. By way of finishing up for the week it may not be out of place to say a very near relation of Mr. Ananias locates himself on the Grafton Road. He has discovered, by pynlconic artfiice, that the real cause ol the disappearnce of a neighbor's poultry out that way was the prevalence, ot native bears. Thus, he has knocked science into fits. Up this way, another kind of boar bears the turkeys off— UUU Vtu UUil U WV KUUW kU, POLO. 