WJ 10 IS HE ? .uornilOHT.i OR Tbe Indian Mahatma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY OF THE Natural & Supernatural, KKX.YSTIT HAMILTON M.D., F.S.C& CHAPTER XXII.— (Co.\TDtUED.). . ' No, Miss Mursdon f th'o couocras of tho oih- ilo not scorn to belong to me iu uny way — imd yot I romembor now I did hear Sir &inmel; Moses ask our friend, Lumsden, if the city was not likely to have an earthquako soon, but Lumsden laughed long and loud, bo I suppose it was ouly n joke. But somo ono cilia. I must go. Good-night, Edith, kind ' little friend — you have given mo new energy ami thoughts to-night. ' I iliil not hear anyone call.' '? No ! there it is again — 'tis that man, tho master of my life. I must go — I must go !' Apparently quito oblivious of Edith or ball-room or anything, with a sudden, half stupiil look, Barton turned and went swiftly, with the air of a somnambulist, out nt tho open iloor and over tho smooth lawn into tho quivering moonlit night. ' Georgo ! George, my darling ! 'What is it P You — bo strong, so able a man ! 'What is this mystery P Alas 1 that you over should, have rescued me from a sloop that at. least/ could not have had this yearning pain in it— nnil yet I cannot -wish I had never known you ; Imt oho thing remains — I must bear, as others have done, and -wait. Lovo can do no harm, but by its unselfish desiro for tho supreme good of tho loved ono will surely draw down blessings and bo a guard from (lint evil influence whatever it may ho;' ? Wait and bear patiently and silently, then, Edith Marsden — at least your own heart will gain in courage and strength, ' and your sympathy with others who suffer will doepon mid strengthen; so you shall bo of strong heart, a noble, unselfish, if a lonoly 'woman, bearing others burdens because- of tho strength that has como ,of . sorrow and eilont bearing of your own. Many a louoly woman has so lived, and will so livo whilo tho old earth turns round. '.'?'..'.' CHAPTER XXIII. ; THE SAl'E BOBBERY. » Halim Haki, or-whatovor was his name, anil Barton, or whatever was liia namo, had left their old domicile in Little Bourko strcot. . Bar,ton never know whether his involuntary introduction to the Wallaces pleased or dis pleased his 'companion and master. Tho In dian was inscrutable — at any rnto ho mado the best of the inevitabloand never grumbled iig»in.st fortune no matter what pranks sho played him. The relationship between tho two men wns unchanged. Tho Saxon sub mitted to tho uwful will- force of tho adept. It seemed ns if the eastern magician played with him us the cat plays with tho monso, giving him mental latitude for a timo only to withdraw the license again as if from more whim. Ho played on tho man as tho skilled musician plays on tho stringed instrument, or rather as tho expert horseman controls tho mettled steed, at ono timo allowing him to pace and ease and at another pressing homo the sharp spurs into his reeking flanks. Barton was right when ho told Miss Mursdon that ho could not distinguish his one self from his other self. His two existences were nhiiost. us distinct us if there wero two bodies and two souls. But Halim had not quito deserted Littlo Bourke street. That thoroughfare possesses ii population sui generis. In its dens may bo found the besotted Chinese, the savago Afghan, tho stealthy Malay, mingling with the equally savage scourings of a British city. Perhaps tho detective seeking his prey in these squalid pnrlions, or tho sturdy police man walking carefully up tho narrow roadway knew something of tho Indian's dark and mysterious house, Wt thoy had always enough business on hand to provout them making incursions into regions whioh might not turn out profitable, and tho houso was left severely alone. Tho only ono seen in connection with tho plnco wns a fiefco Ben galee, who looked as if ' Thuggism ' Was his creed and its practice his forte. In tho sumo room thero in Littlo Bourko street in which we saw domiciled our mysteri ous acquaintances, wo can soo tho samo two mon sonted asrain as thev then wore. ' Bar ton's 'oyes had tho sumo far-away look in them as we noticed then, and ho had evidently returned from ono of those mysterious jour iioys in spirit land, on which ho travolled obediont to tho will of his companion'. 'Tho timo has como,' said tho Indian, 'when wo must mako our first attompt. I am sure yon will ho ready.' 'Yes,' said Barton ; ' I am roady, but I do not nndorstaud your aims. Thero is something in mo that rebels agninst it all, and yet I cannot foroo myHolf freo. You overpower me. I fool oppressed hero and thero,' striking his head and heart. 'I know you arc hurrying mo into somo infernal wickedness or another. I know you have hud mo iu tho past by somo infernal wickedness, imd yet I can do nothing. Curso you!' ho continued, 'I don't know what keeps my hands from your throat, you villain, to throttle you, to squeeze your lifo out of your miserable carcass bit by bit.' He had suddenly reached tho stugo of furious rage, and ho rose up and strode ovor to tho Indian, who remained calm and euro Ices; 'Bee,' Barton wont on, 'that arm — look at that chest. Why, man, I coiilil crush the littlo insignificant lifo out of yon boforo ouo howl of four could piercd these walls.' 'JIiwli,' tiuid the Inilian, calmly and Authoritatively, and tho man uttered not uu other word. 'Listen.1 To-night our fimt Attempt has to bo mado,imd there must bo '» failure. Tho object is to checkmate ' wickedness, as you puritanical English call . it, and two old friends of youra,- Porrin and Simpson, will thank you well hereafter. Why \ I should interest myself about thorn I can hardly understand, mid. I don't think it comes from weakness — and tho spouicor smiled— Now, what I want done I can explain in a very short time. Y'-u know, where tho.horsn mill curt arc 'r' «?— ' 'Yc..» -*- Very woll, yon must linyo the enrt and torso on the crossing of thoNSt. Kilda and Domain Roiuls at half-past, eleven to-night. }ou must not wait for me but continue wnlk wg up tho roud. I shall bo thero and follow y-m,»nd ufttr yon reach Flinders street I'll . fSi'tonthcourtuud tnko the roins, Do not nutice anything, but simply do as I toll you ? 'Toininderstiiiid.' 'Sos! I understand f' 'It is now nine o'clock and you must ™irt at once. You must put on the dress 1 Provided for you . Rcmqmbor in all this ygu Jl|ivo nothing to fear no mutter what may Wfpon, I M)U,O yyu of llull tlU(1 1 ahi, aB#ur0 V ? . '?'? you that whatever wM bo dono to-uiglvt will mjurv those who deserve injury, and may do good to those who dtwrvo it. Thivt is tuw ethical problem for you when it is stated by lue. Now go, and reiuombw yhat I have said.' About half -past eleven . » jrgon was drivennt tho usual easy pace up tho St. Kilda Road. Tho driver looked -s listless as tho gentleman of his profession as a general ride do. Tho big horso jogged along at his case, taking everything as it etuhe with tho indif ference of custom. Soon wore seen tho long array of lights 'which illumtnnto Prince's Bridge, sttotohiug out into tho comparative darkness of tho city beyond. Hero and thoro h« tall, shadowy buildings and an occasional lofty tower received tho ghost-like reflec tion of a street lamp and stood out liko fresco work from the background of a leaden sky. Tho policeman ou his solitary beat along the bridgo watched with lazy indiffcronco the uugo Horse una care ns tnoy rouetl past ami wakod tho echoes of . tho' silent street with hollow rumbling. . Ho wns'oTen inclined to reliovo tho monotony of his vigil by saluting tho driver. What a condescension of the Bpco.'nud span conswblo to ? unofficial mor tality — but he Boomed half asleep on his peroh and tho constablo' thought no tuorb about it. . . . Opposite tho fish-market a now arrival sprang to tho perch besido tho driver not stopping tho lumbering waggon which thun dered up Flinders street without attracting a glanco from a passer-by or evou the alert policeman on his beat. Soon it reached tho more rotired streets, where in the stirring hours of day tho merchant princes of the 'Queen City of tho South', are won't to congregate. Tho great black houses wero now unoccupied and in darkness, save where in tho basements horo and there or in tho attics a littlo light gleamed from tho uncur tained window where tho watchman kept nightly guard. . , . Tho cart lumbered away and finally turned into tho narrow , street at the rear of William street and up. ono of the right-of - ways loading ' »lS~Sio back promises of tho building in whioh wero situated tho offices of Sir William Wal laco. Tho' cart was .backed with the greatest coolness ns close, ns possible, to tho wall and tho two mon desconded. At a touch the g»to was opened, and ono of tho men, who seemed to havo tho powor of sooing in tho darky. ontcred the back yard without hesita tion. 'You remain horo,' ho said in an ordinary tonoto his companion. -.'I shall call for -'tou- 'when I want you.' ; Ho walked up to a window barred with heavy iron, and, saizing ono of tho. bars, ho touched it with some chemicals which ho took from his pocket. At once a lambent flamo licked tho metal and stolo rapidly from bot tom to top of tho rod, throwing as it spread a , flickering light on a magnificent diamond ho wore on his finger which reflected it again in a thousand ebmsoations of overy tint. : The iron absolutely disappeared. It neither fused nor mouldered — it simply resolved it aolf. Tho man with tho utmost dexterity cut a .ciroultir pieoo from tho largo window pane, and tho noxt moment ho had swung ' himself into tho inner templo of Mammon, tho offico of Sir William. . ? 'Might havo avoided this trouble hut for tho chains,' ho muttered. ' Now, I must seo abouttlio watchman.' Ho senreoly touched tho bolted door when' ?it seemed* to spring open of its own accord. Tho wholo building was in tho douso gloom and darkness of night, but this did iiot trouble tho mysterious visitor. Ho mado his way to tho foot of the stairs and calmly, walked up, step by step, until ho reached tho attic, where beneath ono of the doors a light Bhono showing that room nt least had a tenant. , Tho door was , suddenly flung opon and a young man appeared on tho threshold with a rovolyor in ono. hand and a heavy life preserver in tho other. ' Who nro you?' ho cried, ns tfio stranger approached him with calm unconcern. 'Put up your weapon, friend.' ; Tho 'friend' had indented the «vojvor straight at his head. '' ? ?— . . ? 'Why should IP' ' Becauso I toll you to do so, and 1 -tm ac customed to be obeyed,' suid tho other, and, iroudcrful to relate, after a moniont's hesita tion tho deadly weapon wns lowered, and tho wiitahipin's ovos droonod under the ma-'nctic gaze of tho stranger. ''Back to your couch,' ho said to tho mnn, and obedient as a dog he oboyed. Into tho littlo room ho went and throw himself heavily on tho mattras in a corner. 'Must givo tho thing an uppearanco,' said tho visitor to hiiti.sclf With a .smile, ns ho proceedod to bind tho man ns ho lny with a ropo ho took from his pocket. Tho business was . quickly dono,- and then he turned to tho victim or subject, which you will, and told him not to ivwako for threo hours and 'forgot.' Whether the magnetic sloepis cataleptic or 1 not tho man oboyed tho orders, and when tho mysterious stranger loft thd room ho. left bo hind him a body, to all intents, lifeless and scnsoless. Vory deliberately tho Indian, for it wns ho as will bo very easily understood, wnlkfcd down tho stairs and returned to tho office. Ho at onco approached tho safe, and, taking tho* sumo bottle from his pockot, applied tho con tents nil around tho lock, Hwt taking tho pre caution to keep tho action of tho liquid under control. . ; ; Again tho.motal yielded and disappeared. Tho massive door swung opon and Wallace's treasure was disclosed. Tho Indian, walked to tho window and summoned his companion who loisnrely approached.'. . 'Take tho boxos I hIiuU givo you to tho oiu-t and pluco ' thorn inside,' said tlio muster. ? Box. nftor box was convoyed to tho window and thonco to tiro cart without tho .slightest interruption, until tho wholo contents of the safe wero removed. Then and only thon tho Luliun was contented, and ho quickly left tho pluoo, drawing down the broken window ns ho stood on tho* window-sill.' 'nnvtitii mill bn mounted tlui iinrfth. and tho big horso jogged away at his usual puco though his loud was much greater than it was before. Again the rumbling cart broke tho echoes of tho desorted street, and again somo policeman heard tho sound with indif ference and hardly cast n thought on the late contingent' of tlio army of tho night. Noxt day tho columns of tho oveiiing papers wore filled with nccoiuita of tho most mysteri ous and uudliciouH s:|fo rohbory, and for a week or perhaps full nine days tho wholo journuldom of tho colonies was in a ferment, and tho detectives and police forcos received tlio Hcurifying thoy always descrvo and, poor wretches, got without mercy. But tho ofif t had jogged along tlio Brighten Bond uiitil it was nonr Elsternwiok whoro it halted, and 'from bohiiid a torrueri of half builFhousos' Barton led V horso and a light trap. Tho contents of tho curt wero quickly transferred, and tho two men took their sent on tho voliioio and then droyo. Vapidly away in tho direction of St. Kilda beaoh. Two duya after John Smith at 'tho St. Kilda Court was flnpdjfor allowing this cart. und horse to wander. Ho pleaded guilty to' tint insinuation of ' n woo drop too much,' and paid his flue liko a muiu . . CHAPTER XXIV. TIfK COMMKHOtAIi CRASH. ; There was . raw confusion, in Wallace's Toorak' mansion. Long boforo tho..m(iBfcr of the cHtiiljlislimoiil. wns (inniiiitomcil to leavo his bedroom u linnsoin cab hud driven up furiously to the door, and u luiui hud rung ?-.ho bell with such startling energy that tho calm, decorous nnd obsequious footmen had been so agitated that their powdered locks stood up on end, and tlio man who had at last regained sufficient courage to open tho door looked ns if a recent earthquako had shaken him out ot his nenses. Without waiting for explanation the raes icnger pushed into tho magnificent hall and ' asked for Sir William. 'I must ace him at once ovon in his bed room,' said he, ' and show mo the bedroom quickly.' There wag no denying him, and he wna led up tho Btaircase by tho footman who en deavored to impress on the gentleman that ho would not be responsible for disobeying 'horders' in such an outrageous manner. Sir William opened the door of his dressing room and received tho messenger with every appearance of surprise. Tho messenger was tho obsequious secretary . As soon as Sir William saw him ho hurried him into tho room, leaving the flunkey bewildered and as wise as ever at tho door. Fivo.jninutes after the boll oftho dressing-room was nlso ringing furiously, and tho footman, who answered — ho had not been far from tho door — saw his master fully dressed and in a state of extreme agitation. ' If tho hansom has not gono detain it for five minutes. If it has gono ordor Jones to bring out tho carringo ns quickly aa ho can get tho horses in.' Tho footman for onco in his lifo made his well-padded limbs do duty in earnest. Ho rushed down the stairs nrid flow to tho door. The hansom had not gone, and the driver wns nibbing -down his smoking horse. Two minutes after Wallace enmo down tho stairs with headlong haste, and, without a word to tho wondering servants, ho sprang into tho hansom followed by his secretary. '- For your lifo, quick!' ho called out to the cabby. 'I'll find you a now horse if that one goes under.' The cabman know his customer, and leaped to his box in an instant, and in another in stant tho voliioio was sweeping down tho avenue and out of tho gates into tho road. The horso and driver bravely-earned tho muni ficent faro which tho latter received from tho secretary when tho passengers were landed at tlio William-street offico. Thero woro a few loungers about the doors, and tho pro mises wero in tho ohargo of tho police Tho constables saluted. Tho great financier was a mnn to be honored. Wallace, came into tho offico nnd ran at onco to the snfo. It was ns had been re ported to him. Not an atom of paper; not u , coin of tho realm was thero. What could bo dono ? Two dotcctivoB woro making a carp ?ful examination of tho promises. Thoy saw tho void round tho place whoro onco tho ohubb used to bo. They saw tho great cirolo out out of tho window-pane. Everyono saw that ns well ns tho officers. But whoro was tho iron bar gono to P Whoro wero tho shat tered pieces of tho safo P Thoy oouldn't seo tlieso any more thnn tho less oxport on lookers. Wallace) said novor a word, but in his brain thero was always a dull echo na if a fiend was whispering, 'Dono for, dono for!' in every koy nnd on every tuno thnt ho hud over heard. Tho full oxtcnt of tho disnster only himself coidd know. Even tho money was only tlio least of his losses, Thoro has boon cvidonco in that hngo Bafo onough to destroy tho highest rdputationsinViotorin, his among tlio rest. 'What wns to bo donoP Was thoro any way out of suoh ruinP Send for Lumsdou, nnd at onco.' ????''?-'?. xjiiiiisiiuji cainu mm. n uuaco uuuio nu ux- - aggernted display.. Ho simply pointed to .Us* snfo. ' All gono,' ho said. '? ' You'ro mnd to snyso !' oriod thoothor. 'Noitlior mud, nor dreaming,'- said Sir William. ? ': ' . ? ' Wlint, nil thnt money gono P' ' Yes, ovory stiver.' . ., Tho two men lookod at onch othor with despair iu their oyes. ..-,, ???;'... . 'Then, this is no plnco for mo,' snid Lumsdon, getting up und coming round to Walluco's chair and wliisporing to him : 'I shall pick up tho fow thousands, I told you of and slopo nnd shnro with you. It ?is not much, but it. will cany us over to tho Pacific Slopo.' Wullaco smiled. ?'Well,' ho replied, 'thero iB honor among thioves after nil. But no 1. my boy. Got uwny yourself. I nm dono for, nnd shall ' meet it nil. What you do, however, you will havo to do quiokly or you will not hnvo tho chance of doing unything.' Lumtidcu took his nlly'a hand and pressed it warmly. Good-byo, old man, good-byo nnd hotter luck, I daren't moot, tlio bIjq dovils of tho south or I'd soo it out with you. But hang' it, mini, thoy would tear mo in X-ieccs if thoy know nil,' At this momont a tologram wns put in his hand. Ilo opened it. It was a tologram from Halim Iluki, Launcostou, nnd ran ns follows: , ' I shall wnnt to withdraw tho vnluablos yon huvo of miuo on Monday noxt. I nm fmro tho . shortness 01 tuo notioo will not trouble you.' Wullaco laughed nloud at tho roading of tho telegram. 'Well, Halim Haki,' mid ho, aoliloquis itig, 'I doubt you will havo to tako out a haw kor's lioonso. Your gold arid your dia monds hnvo gono whoro I doubt you will not follow thorn.' But lot mo to business. Ho took up his pen and wrote continuously for upwards of an hour. Ho gavo strict orders tliut no ouo was to bo admitted ; that ho was in to no ono' ' until noon, Ho could hour tho inquiries, made in the 'outer room about hhnsolf— about tliu safe robbery, and conjeoturos .about tho amount of gold that had boon stolon, but ho wrote oh. At hint ho finished mid ho quietly rolled up the manuscript und sealed, thon nu quietly no took a sniuU revolver from his doHk dniwor, und, uftor trying with itfornminnto ' or so, pulled the trigger und William Wallaco whm 110 ii'oro. ? The quiet way in which it wus all dono wns ' tho only very romurknblo fact about it all. Suicide may bo regarded as cowardly, biit thero nro somo positions in whioh, when mon liko Wallace uro placed, thoy cnii soo no other alternative. Tho llomim philosopher would not blumo thoin. .CHAPTER XXV. j DANK SUBl'litfSIONB. . Collins slreot was in un uprour. Men nnd women and ohildrcu rushed about liko tho nnt« of a nest on which somo heavy nnimnl hns trodden and brought ruin. Thoro was madness in tho air — tho madness ofdospair,of 'disappointed hopes, of ruined fortunos, nnd whoro did tho ruiii endP Wns thoro any in stitution bafoP Was tho country itsolf Hllf u V . ' . It was not. to bo wonderod at 'that tho people of Victoria woro woll nigh froiizicd, The stru-{gl'J for oxistonco is a hard ono nt tho best, nnd men of ovon tompornto hopes look forward to mircenso of tho labor nnd toil ol buttle, nnd risked thoir prosont possession for a futuro gain. , Molboumo had been in tho clouds. What noed would thoro bo for work ing whon tho wholo outsido world was about to throw into VictoriuitsacounuilntodAvcnUli t What moro'to do than to spend a littlo nionoy now nnd draw it in ugnin inorenood n hun drcii--fold? It ?»'«' tho onaiost wny of 'milk ing a piovisiohfor tho futuro roiny day thnt hnd'cvci'bfion planned, and n good m.nhy-p'1'111 havo boon formed in this old world of ouiv In find a ttuwt-cul, to wwillli. AV. IX. li^, (to vis cpsrunvw.) 