THE DEAD GALLANT By OUTHAM TEISTEAM. CHAPTER VI. ' A BED FOX PASSES IN THE MOONLTGHT," Towards sunset of that very day the thres Bet cut Billard'a fsara Icit domesticity ahould snbdus tr a ! oa were so poignaut that he ineiited on the na emit; of an Immediate dtparture. Wheu tbey started tfce beauty of tha day w*« dea^. A sold wind tiom the wi it brought fine rain with it. The lowering tk» r« fluted itself ia the fac.«a of the tra > e lent. They rode si*e by tide in silence, wciotfiiy. Ea'Jard had m«t Babiagton'a objections to leaving, before an answer had been received to tke Queen of Scots 1 letter, by urging that tie communications cpan between Ghartley and Dethick could ba extended on the same principle between Dethick and London. The organisation of this poet occupied the priest's braini, He recalled the names of the Catholics on the road wko could be trusted as carriers, and he had soon the necessary complement. His prolonged travels through England bad perfectly arquainiwdthis shepbftrd with th>5 capacities of Lis flock. He ks*w thtm at), and to vthst extent each was to baifusies, Th.-ga srr»ngemc-nti taad*, he ' fixed hts eyes fervently on tha unseen goal. The intrepid Boldier pized for the fight. He loiesd for London. Bet Maale, riding by h's eid?, was a prey to different feelings. T > him the approach to Lon3o* m«ant deadly danqer, and, aa mile after mile was covered by eager travel, " he felt like some captire bound helpless on a . horse, whose wild flight nmoneltu hinds were urging towards a precipice. Did not Walsinghsim await him 1 That Walsingkam before wbese heavy, prolonged gaze all hearts lay opsn, in whoa a slow, pious smile of discovery agents unnumbered had read ruin, ilia pressure of whesa m»nacmg forcfiogcr still stared like iron heated aw>ve his hsait. And yet why sbosld he fear Waleingham—carrisr a? he was cf suck news P «To this question tke favar which poaiesssd bim mitted of no answer. His disturbed E la was invaded by myriads of confused projects — antagonistic, irreconcilable — . prompted by mysterious motives which he ' oould not account for. At one moment he hugged himself at the thought of the reward awaiting his truneadoua discovery; at the next bie whole sonl sickened at tke vile system which had pot that reward witMn his gtasp. Such a fa-ciness ssiwd him! as he thought of the goal to which the inevitable march of events was hurrying him that he would have falles from the caddie but for Battagtoa's assisting hand. With kutily- ^auttered thark-, be shrank from his : touch %s if from an infectloe. Then a sudden hate took po?s»sion of him—he could have killed Ballard. An Immense loathing seized him for this grant fasatic ruthlessly piies&ing; forward ti perdition with the' light of vic- ; .tory in his eyes—blind to .the pit Which yawned hftneath his purpose—*millng besta- -fctcally with thakangman's rope about his aeCk. War it' to be'permitted -that such a madman shoald draw endufous fob's to their death 1 Maude stand at the preooeupitd prieak cmlly.- Fremthe print the agent's glance passed to Bablngton's exduisits pKrfile'etanding out clear as a cameo against tin crimson dry, toths curled golden locks, to the white carven throat, to the beaktiful . parted lips, to the poet's eyes gazing into tke suaB*c,and aflame withloveand faith. 1 The \- civil look died on Maude's lace; asbrtt>f • forlorn tenderness txa&sfigured; it, He ahadderai Oace more above his heart hV felt thaaaartpg prenure of Walsingham's finger. "From tiiis moment BabingtGn's personality \- extrciaedan influence over Maude, which tha ageit had long felt growing upon him— * Whiclr & had ifcragglsdragi^tJaripuBlyj ' but "Which hewas usable. anylongsr to risist. • : H's byes fox long hours remained fixad on Babixgton, as if fascinated. He -widenly'developed a- watchful care; over •t him—inch a careas some' favorite alava i might showto an uhnoticing Saltan. : His • hand haldthB sfcirrnpfirinly when Babington T, mounted, and hovered anxiously' at his \- bridle at ttasgrrous parts of tha road. j Still flaying hi« part of Captain Fortetcne'a ^ atrvlcg'rrah. it was -on 'his. master's friend tbatithe flbiter of his attention was lav^hed. ~ ^abingtor'fl winercup never stood empty $ the daintiest and best that the inn's larder coiltofier^'was liisped irpon h'g plate by white h«nds, made »thcr for attention Ulun but; w c ich teeme-r nuver to tire : ot hat»«rvice. ?Then when the oloth had been~ cleared, the wine set, and priest! and , $rpt6g£, w;ith head8 b«nt together, and jafter aVrawdglcncMcast ioond, diicsassdia low wliisbeni ikrsts #hich Should hate given •art to wauucottd-walls—while clofeoflhob- nobbe£' IntneigiiBOring ccruers, and stout .country igHies problaim«d"tbe price of wheat ^^augiiig agaiMtr U&wall;, as embodiment ci i elegant fatigue, the 'crvfaig-man took his share of the banquet, hi« eyes f^d on Babiagton, " We needyou no more,.fellow,"said.Ballard, ope eveniog suddenly, after looking up; He had' noticed this gro^iDg attentlon, had marvelledat if, and taken precautions. • On more than one occasjon he had detected, he fancied, a desire on Maude's part to speak with Babington privately, which his unflagging aad adroit watchfulness had, up to this night, prevented. The three were vow at their last stage fromLondfou, and were lying at the Eose and Grown at St. Albana. ; Maude went upstairs white and raging. The maid of the inn found him crouched in : the dark agaiart the window sill in a long oorridor, sobbing passionately, and (tamping in a sort of hysterical rage; Tke girl, who : admired his pretty elegance, shining hair, and white haada, proffered consolation af$er her kind. She got in retnrn for her good nature a smothered curse, and a glare from «7ea which-frightened her. Ballard ' and Babiiagtun Uept U (me room. ;The sleeping draughi; ia those days, habitually taken; had little power as a rule in -checking the tide of the priesfs sinister self- communings, or in bringing anybut fnoken rest to' that fiery frenzied now with the netting aooompliskment of itaL fierce pnrpoae. ThbQBoldier ^ Christ,, after long days' joanejiager - kept ^yjgiL But.. : on this flight his gaunt figure was scarcrfy aed o£ me bed than a profound altilnber-aeizedit. \- ^h^/ enddenness of so nnoommon an ocennenoe Burprised Babington, whose own rget was la a measure haonted by the ghost of theufeed. whioh shadowed him. The onoe fortauate eqaire of Dethick s^pt the - bbiriled sleqi cif the oonspirator, a sleep sown with dreadfid dreams; oat of whioh -he woke qnivering and reaching obld hands . for his weapons. On this night,. iipwever, he lay awake long, wp^ering at Ballard's sodden fell Into, sleep, a&d; disturbed by his oonvnlsive . breathings. His own sleep. when it came tohim, was not less agitated. The Vejnas lib had seen her last, ontdde iihe dsfzanbe-gate' of 'Wlq^dd Haaiar, her long, whiter jewel flnger prooood against hor heart, as if pdhtii^ to white, fox-like' itop, on whose olear tenc^lee maari^of r^d-auburn halr shone, looking baick afr him over her left shoulder. Sat it seemed JoMs haunted fiuicy tiu^, in plabd of tjie gleaming glanoes Stat; he kiiew, the flames of hell shot from beneath tiiose half-closed lids j and he looked iwht tiwondbi tiie v«Jvetbf her idding-habit, wtd ^Saart ^strnggling^i|i a snake's loal±>8oin« feld8| amd Oe^r was flped with ^xecratit^HBhdotB, as .«f « great and a^dt^ag H^^' . great in i - fetttite hot Aliot hioi wns indeed silver of the moonlight a grey figure bent over him—threateningly as it seemed. Babington jumped at hiB pistols. But as he did so, a voice which he had learnt to know well reassured him, and a Email, burning hand was placed over his mc-ath. "Mr Maude 1" he said, speaking hoilowly after his deadly fei* 1 . 'What means this folly P Ycu came near to pay for it with your life 1" There* was a silence. Babingtcn heard the other's heart be&tiag; wildly. Ballard czied out in dreadful tones ia his sleep. " Sir," Babington went on," what brings you masquerading in my chamber ?" The answer came in low tones, in which intense suppressed passion trembled. " I have came- to put my life into your hands! Will you hear me P" " Biz," said Babington, amazed, " Mr Ballard lies by me kere> His ears should be fitter recipient for your strange confession." " Mr Balia-d sleeps sound," said the other. " My woida are for you—not for him; nor will his ears reach what I am here to say, unless you to- morrow pour it into them. Do so if you think fit. I have said that my life is in your bands. Bspaat what I am now about to tell you to Mr Ballaid,and by this time to-morrow my blood will be upon your head I Shall I speak P" "Speak!" ' Giveme your hand! Let me hold itf T entreat you, sir 1" After a surprised pause Babiagton granted this strange request. His hand suddenly seamed closed between two palms of fire: This grey vision of the night was seen to tremble violently; but this com tact lent its voice steadiness. It spoke freely and firmly now. " Mr Babington, I am coma here to save you I Ba quit of this conspiracy! It is doomed 1 1 know it." " You know it t I would fain know how, sir; and that lastantly." Babington rose , as hi Bpoie in his bed, and laid hold, of his 1 s word. The other noticsd the motion, and pressed him back gestly—almoat caressingly. Babington fslt the page's scanted breath on his face. " conspiracy against this queen will succeed," Maude went on. " But if chanoe did offer itself, think you that our combination has strength needful to seize itf Yon are buta youth, Mr BaUngton. You friends are yonths—poets! dreamers 1 A«aa< sina are msdc.Blr/olBt&raer; staff?' " MrBill&rd; h*s age." " Has be, too, discretion? Have I not worked with him for years that 1 should not know him well P Oourage has he, who shall doubt it? Z <al he has in abundance. But has he the scaled lips, the careful caution, which should lead inexperienced enthusiasm along paths at whose every corner subtlest spies listen ? Has Ballard's dissimulation wit to cloud Walsingham's deadly gazs? I trow not, sir. And I have trafficked in conspiracy." " I believe well, sir, that you have trafficked," said BaUngton, and he again made a motion to his sword. But tha other again pressed hiu hack with tha same caresiimg action. "Misunderstand me not," he said. "I am bound to you, Mr Babington, in this matter, heart and Bool, by some strange power whioh I may not sttuggle against, aa close, may closer, much closer, than that band of devoted friends whom you spoke of, and who now await your orders, and their doom I fear in London. With you I go forward to the red' end of this purpose, if such bs you fixed will; But once again, far the last time, I entreat you to turn hack. Laave conspiracies to desperate wretches like myaelf, outcast of the world, without-friends, without home. Yon have both 1 You are blessed, as such as you should be, with this world's good things. Bee all them now. Think of tha Nightingale of Dsthiuk who sings disconsolate j of you. happy green home ; of yonr bright hoy who may live to see his lather attainted I Ah1 God, it is too cruel. Forbear i u The priest stirred ia his sleep, and muttsred something. Mauie .cast, aa eager., glance at him, as if half fearful of his waking. Bat Ballard slept this night sotind, as ha had slept one night before in the house in Butchers' Bow. BaUngton stemed to be thinking. Than upon the intense stillness of this scene in the dark, upon this tragic turaing-point of. two lives played by two conspirators in the presence of a third sleeping, there came sud-. denly through the opened lattice hushed voices of the night. Tired footsteps clanked on the stones below. The inu waa stirring. Surprised at this rdveiUe at two o'dock ia the merming Maude stepped lightly .to tke window, and shrouding himself behind curtains, looked forth. Below ia tha moonlight some ostlers stood holding horses saddled. They grumbled among themselves, and swung their lanterns sullenly,' lounging against their chargers* sides. A relay had evidently been ordered on the North wad. Some messenger of importance was posting through the night. From some cause, which he could not nfflowt for, theae preparations troubled Maude. He had a presentiment. He went back to where Babington stiil lay, breathing quickly. A heavy sigh ascaped him. This aigli was his last expression of regret for the h»ppina«i on which ha had resolved to turn his back. The . agent conceived hope from it. " Ah, you relent from your purpose f" he cried. " The saints be praised!" But the answer te his exclamation crushed him. "Sir," said Babington ooldly, and with a fixed determination which the other could not mistake* " you will be pleased t« speak to me no further on this: matter. I am resolved to go forward In this business to the end. I believe that in you strange interference in my affairs you mean me WelL And far this time you confidence will be respected. Butpreaume not to broach such a subject again, or the deed will give birth to suspicions which must pas* to other ears." Ha pointed as ha spoke to the priest, |Who lay still straggling in a v convulsive sleep A low groan of despair broke from Maude. He let go the hand he hsld aa a swimmsr might, half suffocated himself ia : his attempts to save a Bulcide. Tears gleamed on his white cheties in the moonlight. His voice rattled hoarsely in .his throat at Ills first attempts to spoak. Suddenly he nerved himself; as if by a. great despair goaded to a final effort.; He knelt aad seised Batfngton's hand convulsively. He cover el it with burning kisses. As ha did so, far off through the silent night from northwards cams the ring of horses galloping. Maude at first did not hear this sound. "Mr Babington," he said, "at I hav* said, " my path in this affair is your path ; [ go forward to this busiaess's bitter ehd with tyou, aer will T sedc '.to dissuade you frcm it again] But, fair slr; if foil we must together on this perilous sea, let as at least eeak all means tie navigate safely I Beware, I implore yon, of Ballard's-over zeal;'oar surely it will be tha fierce fire which lights ns to on deaths. Trust rather In me. Young though I seem, I have had Utter experience ln/these eSairs. Had I not, would Ballard have- eo truated met" Comrider! Twas I, as hia wfil tell yon, who throsgh Morgan first IntBodaSed Savage to him. Ask him 1 He will ndtjijby it" Bone on a sidden breexe oat in the night, thsspund rfhorsss galloping fu;ioualy drew Bahington eyed Maude keenly. " What feftunin|Wsaffair f "heeald, "breeds -distnut In Mr Bailaid's seal ?" . ^cama at once in' tense tones, f ueat ibf its vital Import. The Mfcifymat Dethick of a latter in i^i^r ji^bmliu^usenofSootBJ fcafralr/ of Barope filters! Everywhere piactised agents of his siaiiter service sffarm! Oar secret once committed to paper, we stand btf aa living dead. Weil do I know the workings pf that underground past, which, to whomsoever thty be directed, delivers itB letters to WaUingham. Babington trembled &s; ho lay. Fierily through his memory passed e>ery sentence of that compromising answer ic the Qaesn of Scots' letter, entrusted to the care of Mr Twiffen. Gauntly before him rose tae memory of the oath sworn to Ballard te keep the fending of that letter a secret from Maude. His heart sank. Maude, feeling perhaps—to such a pitch were his feverish nerves strong—a sinister hesitancy in this silence sprang to Babington aad again clasped his hand convulsively. " You have not, unknovm to me, answered that letter brought by Mr Twiflen P S wear to me that you have not answered it; Swear to me that you will never answer it! Swear! Swear 1 Swear P A dreadful struggle between conscience and self- interest tore Babington for a second—but for a second only. He returned Maude's feverish pressure of his hand as feverishly. " I have not answered it/' he replied firmly. In an ecstasy of relief, In which a wilder feeling Burged, Maude threw himself upon his knees. He kissed Babington's hands passionately; " God be praised!" he cried. " We are still safe I" As he spoke, a fierce clattering of horses' hoofs rang on the stones below. Startled at the precipitancy of this arrival, Maude again went to the window to view the hero of this midnight ride. But at sound of a voice which rang stridently through the night air, calling for "Belays for the Queen's Messenger riding from Staffordshire 1" the room's oak floor heaved about his feet. For a momei^he was paralysed} but when at last he staggered to the window aad looked out, he caught full view of the leader of this cavalcade from Staffordshire, as he set for ward at full gallop Londonwards, sitting sideways in the saddle, his pock-marked face turned, like a fox's, cunningly upwards at the house's blind walls, his long right arm swaging furiously. In spite of Babington's denial of having written to the Queen of Soots, the sight of this horseman turned Maude faint, There was canse for his faintness; for in this desperate courier, from the very country where the Qaeen lay prisoned, he had recognised Mr Phillips, Deeipherer-in-Ohief to the Secretary of State. CHAPTER VII. " A SORT or BBAVS YOUTHS." Exceedingly troubled in his mind by that overnight vision—by that foxlike presence passing in the mocnlight Londonwards, hurrying "from. Staffordshire with arms swaying in excitement, and pockmarked face peering suspiciously- at inn windows—-Maude, profiting by a moment's absence of Ballard, on the fallowing morning again pressed Babington on the matter of hu suspected correspondence. Has anxiety got as sole answer once more aa indignant denial (with a mental reservation) that he, Babington, had put pen to paper in answer to the Queen of Soots' totter f and a request that a subject on which he had already delivered himself so openly should not be again referred to on pain of its suspicions reiterations bang brought before the notice of Ballard. The priest, more gaunt and haggard than ever after his deep night-sleep, but still splendid in the velvet acd satia of Captain Fortescue, came up at the moment. .He looked at Maude keienly, and, in presence of the inn's company* who cam, out to see the start, gave him some rough directions about, the horses. The three then mounted, and in their turn passed Londonwards, Captain Fortescue aad Mr Babington riding siie by side, with their serving-mau behind them. . Free from care as they appeared to the eyes of passing travellers, laughing and 'taking gaily as they rode through village high streets,, halting hospitably for a cup under the porches of great inns (Captain Fortescue, in the growing excitement of the searing goal, perhaps rather overdoing the boisterous gallantry .of a Low Country captain's salutations to beauty errant)— fiercely under these outward disguises the , heartaof the twofbremosthorsemenburned- But on Maude a sort of cold calm had fallen. He had sensed to-struggle against an infatuatioh which he oould not oombat, though he felt it to be fatal. Conflicting interests no longer tore at his ' heart. Firmly, irrevocably, he had resolved to throw in his lotwith the conspiracy,sinceno persuasion could indues Babington to desert it, and, though the chances of the design's sucoess seemed to him desperate, to watch over aad forward it to the best; of his power. Aad surely, honeBt accessory to treason, as he had now become, aid such as he. proposed to briag to. the - scheme was hot' to be despised—the aid, that is to s«y, of aa agent trusted by, andia pay of, the Government's Supreme Inquisitor; an expected assistant at his most secret councils} in a position^ as ia coawqueaoe, accorded to no other conspirator, of registering and reporting the first, 1 the; faintest;, indication of suspicion which might Thrill £he ! Secretary of State's;. Beasitive pulse. Inspired by the mystic force which had drawn ; him . into :this enterprise, stregthened by his infatuation for its prime, head, but, above all, fataUy fortified hy his belief ia the truth of Babington's \assTMnmce that he hadj net commumoated ih writing with the Q ^ieen of Scets,i3u^bngile-bodiedagrat to hoodwii& ms great employer I Maude; felt strong cmoiigh to. confront Waldng- £amhim3f. r ; . Slowl^iiding^mjtis awumed mastfflr|s ^u^ee. T^e ^d^tiy *, dangers w^icAi surrounded it oould be fathomed fairly by only cpe snch as .himself, who had )»e«thed fox yeara the Hot atmosphere of ^ot and oounter-ploV which filled as with the breath of life the nostrils of ; the Seereteiyot State. ,. Absent for four, weeks, dnriag whioh he hadmainteined a dead silence as to . the prepress of the mismoa, how could that Bilenoe be accounted for f- Steepedtohis very lips with: the full: knowledge of a tremendous design against: the Govern-' meat, would avea; his ^ tried powers of clear that knowledge from nWNafiaB Walsingham's slow gaze fixed itsuFapon him-^-that gaze destined to read Uie veay sout P JMhade shudd^ixd when he thought of it.Its mere remembraace seemed to label tha cause he [had engaged In lost. And yet when he' onoe more passed its prime forces in' review, elements, making for sucdess, and foreign to all schemes ef the kihd which had preceded it, appwled to his hopes. The o^isirirators considered by Babington as adreMy bonnd were gentlemen of fortune; The firSt tiiove to be made in.the design was the assassination of the' QaCeh:: Aad by thje'' very nature dt their duties, : the gentietaaen to be : dedicated to the deed, moved armed and unsuspected about her per8bh. 7!; AUdependeden themetal ofthe. noviti^s. Haude conceived hope. The feeBng was further fed when, in the samfe house iu Butchers' Bow in which he fcnd Ballard hi^ lod«^d on the night of thtiir'ij^tora. f^^ BbySr, 'Maude met 'the "t yoifths des(»ibed by * as'devoted toths very . assembled at Savage's Tn albag low room on ihi firtt floor, pamlled bf dark paliahad oak, farniahrd by a table, on which a costly tapper and rich wia<s were set, a romr-Ksy of aa aplsndil (.aUacts aa Maade's ey^s fesd ever lighted cn lounged, etiituJiiiigfd, laughed, snd spoke earnestly with ercittc. geaturea. The magniflcfnce of the Court of Ei'zabeth was reflected here in a bh z*. rf gatic doublets, aud jiwcllwl tworis. and glfaniog earrings, and stiffened scsnted rtffi fr&misg; handBome, rasalute features, an! bright eyes in which youths' enfcfeu»ivm burned. Catholic England, aud that Court in which manly beauty was tke rarest passport to preferment, contained no more splendid galaxy than this band of devoted enthusiasts, whose magnificent uppnrelliag reflected the splendor of that doomed presence from which they were fresh, and whose swords Babington knew were dedicated wholly to his service. Foremost among them in height—he towered a head above the rest—as well as ia a sort of pathetic nobility characteristic ef his fine nature and a descent which traced itself back to two centuries beyond the Conquest, Chiddioek Titchhdume pressed forward jto give Babington greeting. Ha wrung him by both hen-ip, sailing upon him, but sadly. The thought of a loved wife and children left in ignorance down in Hampshire of what was to come, lent this B&dnesa; to hia welcome—a sadness impressed on the refined features of Jiis handsome oval face, which a slight pointed black beard and moustachio framed in a sort of foreshadowing of Vandyke. Abingtra, whose blue satin doublet shone with pearls, and whose fair brown curls, clustuel over his flushed forehead, next greeted his friend with an enthusiasm to which wine seemed to have ministered ; and Salisbury aad Barnwell pftsied to him at the Bams moment enthusiastically on either side—the first, a delicate youth, whose pale refined fso.5. bat a trifle flushed, compressed, and fall forehead over the eyes bore witaes* ti the student's zeal; the latter, a florid, broad-chested Irishman, with laughisg eyes a*d lipi, aed buoyant manner. Auburn'haired, deap of voice, he swaggered, haad'on sword-hilt, a picture stepped seemingly frcm the cbwI of some Venetian paiater—clothed gorgeously In flame-colored trffata. The plain dr<HM, the stiff military precision of the soldier of fortune, Savage, was the one low tone which gave peint io this blaze of color. He stood apart, breeding, with clouded brow, aad long arms crowd over Ms breast. Maude—a ; brief , introduction over—too stood apart, dazzled by this concourse of brilliants, more suited to lead Court revels than to dabble in treason, but whose enthusiasm for Babington's least look or word . generated a sort of electrldty, ia which' deeds but half projected seemed already done, and all thoughts cf failure banished. . The preliminaries of . a treason in which such conspirators as these were engaged were soon adjusted. Savage, armed with priestly authority, had already; privately acquainted each member with the main design. Among these first aovltiates no:, suspicion «f a disenting voice was heard. And when, after a hashed pause, Ballard's grave tones had lent Papal sanction .to the removal of. heretical monarchs, and had, with rrieatly uuction, crowned Murder's hsggard head;: wifeh -the shining crown of MarijTdom—Ihe baad sat down to sup with ihe riotous eathusiaiam of school boys maddened at the prospect of a holiday for which some deed of sidventure had basa planned. The supper was a symposium—sesu through an atmosphere of .excitement before which reason fled. Bich wine sparkled, in Venetian goblets; tha waving of jewelled hands lent eloquenco to empty rhpdomontade; the eyes and lips of the fairest Qaeen were toasted again and again with the wild fervour of devotees possessed with their purpose. To inspired fancies the Future became the Present. Elizabeth was already dead.' The captive of Chartley had assumed , her lawful state. The White Flower of Catholicism bloomed onoe more in this "Fjngland so long disinherited. The soldiers who had led this holy insurrection —who had trampled the dragon of Protestantism under f oet, who had avenged the blood of martyred Jesuits poured forth at Tyburn, and the groans of saintly agony which haunted the dark walls of the Tower's torture-chamber — stood flushed with triumph in the presence of their souls' Sovereign, legitimate claimants for reward. It was a vision of mystics inspired by the madness of a minute. Maude was carried away by it. Seated at Babington's right hand, the heat and triumph and fumes of wine mounted to this strange agent's brain. He, too, began to believe, and whea Babington, at a motion from Ballard (who, with the social tolerance of his Order and a cup of water by his side, ministered to this intoxication with- out being affected by it), rose from hiB seat/and, with that mild couateaaace, sober gesture, aad wonderful good graee, which ia a terrible after-time was borne witness to by his bitterest enemies,- eloquently recapitulated this heads tof his purpose, and bade his friends Shrink ndt^rom the perils attendant' on a holy enterprise which glorious success would* crown, the former spyV last forebodings "vanished. The deadly rigidity of "Walsingham's fatal gtaa £ Ms leaa, pobk-marked secretary's dreadful smile aad convulsive twitching fingers; the ominous rin^ of the former's warning to " beware; the sinister vision of the latter's midnight ride, seen from the intfs window 'at St. Albans;! the swarming agents everywhere watchful of the interests of' this secret service, i the Cite whioh W^thifi his own knowledge hacT Overtaken wavdrer^allT-ell was forgotten inthe triumphant madness ofthe momeat. Maiide rose to lis feet. Hysterically he to the'greait sdieme's sucoess. He warned the oonspirators of. the'dangers of porocrastination. He urged the immediate tfjanWwg qf the fatal blow. Let but "Walaingham's precautions be surprised before thOT were prepared, and they were .safe 1 This sinister name's mere mention froze the conspirators' enthusiasm like ice^ It was a factor not as yet taken iato account in the graeral joy. No one suspected Maude for this warning.^ No oae asked what prectautions were : being prepared by the Secretary o* State. Did not each man jnreeent know that those ^precautions were tmceaaing—that that vigilant eye never ey looked at each other forloraly; But mercurial spirits, aided by aa .exhortajtion from Ballard, soon recovered them from this transient sbock. Once more wild enthusiasm reigned till the drone of a watchman called a late hour, and the time was come to separate for the night. A lonely house, kept by a Catholic, and standing by itself in St Giles's Fields, was appointed as the next- day's meetingplace. Then Mr Babington aad his guests passed out quietly into the silent street. They muffled their cloaks about their mouths, and went their separate ways. All werer fall of zeal—some of them reeled a little as they widked. Ballard ana Maude were left alone. The priest looked troubled, but he eyed his companion with more kindness than he had lately doae, and ao suspicion appeared in the tones in which he asked him if his late mention of Walsingham's precautions had been suggested by any other motive than a general wish to incolcate caution. The question aad the questioner's manner alike gave Maude an opportunity which had not yet presented itself of putting that vital point to Ballard which Babington's denial had twice disposed of. Of a certainty," he replied, " I spoke of this detested persecutor of Christ's servants, but by way of general caution. But we are safe, and our purpose with us, if we keep that purpose strictly to speech." He lcofced at Ballard searching!y sa he Bpokej Ballard returned this look with steadiness. " I do not quit*; take you,"' he said. "Yet rr.y mpflniaj." Maude wont on, " vend, I had thovght, been clear to one as conversant as yourself with the inwsrd workicga cf Wslsinghsm's secret service. Father BalJsrd's brief experience in the Secretary of State's employ lias taught him, doubtless, the danger cf documents. ' Tia through documents, sir, that such as we hang I ' 1 " Doubtless," said the priest, pouring out for himself his first glass of wine : " What then P" " This : there have pissed no letters from our side in answer to that received at Dethick from the Queen of Scots ?" " Assuredly not." Ballard drank his wine, and eyed the questioner with a sort of composed astonishment. " Assuredly net," he repeated. " Then, if we dally not ere we strike, we are safe," said Maude. He received a priestly benediction, and went out smiling. Caution had dictated a complete separation of the conspirators between the periods of their general meetings, and they all occupied different lodg- ings. Babington hai chambers in tfce Strand. Maude went to a room which had been taken for him in Paul's Chain. He walked briskly, filled with wild hopes. Ballard's coiroboration of Babington's denial that any letter had been sent to the Queen of ScotB eased his mind. Now that he, the sole agent that Walsingham relied on to sound the conspiracy, had turned conspirator, and that no documents dealing with the conspiracy were abroad to fall into Walsingham's hands, this farseeing Secretary of State would for once walk with eyes blinded. The thought inspired this ex-spy with malicious joy. He walked briskly through deserted streets, enjoying the fresh air of the night, but, with bis former state's custom still clingihg to him, peering curiously everywhere to see if he was followed. No soul seemed abroad that night but himself in all London. Unobserved he passed from Butchers' Bow to Paul's Chain; unobserved he entered hia lodgings; unobserved by the people in the house, he went upstairs, and threw himself, dressed as he was, on the bad. But Babington's image, as ha had last seen him in Butcher's Bow. sitting by hia aide, touching hania with him, toasting a joint cauae out of _ the same g!a«i, ^syeiag him almost for the first time cordially, oppressed this would-be sleeper. Hia idol's beautiful face, gold curls, shining eyes, came between him and sleep. Maude rose from his bed stifled with theae re collections, with heart throbbing, aud brain on fire. He pasid the room distractedly. This night's separation from the object of his worship, whose safety he was about to secure at terrible personal risk, maddened him. His passion blinded him to all sense of his own danger. From this forgetfulness he was to bd terribly awakened. Pining for the day's 1 dawn which was to bring another meeting, Maude pilled the curtains before the window; aside, and looked out to see how the sisrht waned. His hair stood on end. 8hadowed by a projecting porch, a cloaked' figure stood «n the opposite side of the street, motlonleis, menacing, a vigilant sentry at hia. poat. Directly Maude appeared thiB figure made off rapidly. But Maude had seen enough. A dreadfal apprehension told him for what army thiB soldier had been recruited. He recognised Walsingham's handiwork. He knew that he wa« watched. For the first time subjected to espionage, this transformed spy's nerve left him. Babington's image was replaced in his mind by a more formidable phantom. Everywhere he saw Walsingham's fixed, Puritanical gaze. Maude kept close to the'house all the next day. He dazed not attend the arranged meetleg of tke coatpJrator*. Ha darad sot communicate the reason , of hia absence. Experience bad taught him t^at Walsipgham's spies did not do thteir work negligently. All day ke lay close, trembling; but whea aight came he took courage, trusting to his own strange faculty for impersonation. What our actors would term their " properties," Walsingham's agents, as well as the game they hunted, had always at their hands. Maude disguised himself as a travelling jsweller, and, whea night fell, went out into thestreets. On'all sides hefound himself shadowed. Spies ran against him at every step. Terror-stricken, he returned to his lodgings. He paoed his rooms in a fury of impotent despair. Presently he crept softly to the windows and looked oat. The motionless sentry was still at his post. Taen Maude came to a momentous resolve. He alone held the secret of the conspiracy. On his skill and courage the Safety of Babington hung. The hour had struck for that courage to be exercised. He determined to confront Walsingham him- self. The Secretary of State, he had already | ascertained, was at hiB town house. Certain phenomena already catalogued spoke eloquently of his near presence. Sir Francis Walsingham, iadeed, at this time lived in a large, masty-gabled, manywindowed mansion lately erected in Seething Lane. This house was as full of eyes as its owner's policy, and resembled a sort of Hardwicke Hall in miniature. The glass/of these eyes, however, were all stained on the street side; and all of the windows were barred. It waB eleven o'dlock at night when Maude steeled in his purpose, and dressed as a travelling jeweller, came opposite to this theatre, in which this drama's last act was to be played.- Without a light showing at its many windows, tall, gaunt, deserted, this house in Seething Lane reared itself against .the pale summer sky omiaously. It looked clour cut as a pack of cards, and as heartless. Maude's heart thumped as his hand pressed the knocker. He felt like a fly entrusting himself to a spider's web. And he knew full well that this spider was hungry. But he summoned heart at last in the confidence that he alone was master of the conspirators' secret, and he knocked three times lightly at the. door at Barn Elms. At the same moment, as the rest of the conspirators were assembled ia the lone house in St Giles's, wondering at the absence of Maude, the last carrier iu the post organized by Ballard between Char tley and London put into Babingtoa's hands a second ciphered letter from the Queen of Scots ia answer to his written from Dethick. Ia this letter she gave him and his trusted friends her fall commission to act for her interests to the uttermost; gave directions as to the general rising, and advised that the six gentlemen should be set to work forthwith. A triumphant shout from the six gentlemen greeted this Order of the Day, It seemed as if this shout, unwitting chorus of a lost cause, reached even through the silent night as far as SeethinglLane, where Maude stood before Walsingham's house waiting for answer to his summons. For such a sudden spasm of fear struck the agent's tottering heart that he drew back suddenly, determined at the last moment to fly. But retreat was cut off. A glance showed him hat he was still followed, and at the next moment the door opened softly, and Mr Phillips appeared in a brilliant light, pale-faced, red- haired, lean, pock-marked . as ever, his fisigers convulsively twitching aboiit his mouth. " Mr Maude! " he cried. " Ycur advent is indeed timely. Mr Secretary is dying for your news." He motioned Maude into th' v "use hysterically. The other ca t a hunted look over his shoulder and entered. He had half crossed the entrance hall when the door behind him clanged heavily. He heard the screech of a key in the lock. (To U Continued.) 