THE MINERS' STRIKE. I (To the Editor.) Sin,— -Will you allow me a fow words in roply to Mr. J. C. Jonos in your issue of tho 18th instant ? I seo by that lettor that M'. Jones still wishes to infor that ho und thoso associated with him moan to rcduco thu number of minors tlioy usually employ when working till tho remainder are employed full tiino. Roally _Mr. Jones pays but a poor tribn'o to tho intelligence of i ho miners whon ho a:ks thorn- to give orodonoo to this implication. Can ho not understand that we seo through all such 11 may pretoxia f jlii jbu hi uuui'imy uviu Mr. J'inaB would not allow him to ro tnea his daily ou'put (even woro ho seized with such a sudden spism of pliilanthrophy) and compel their Btsamers to wait clays for their cargoes instoad of hours as now j or — happy thought 1— perhaps Mr. Junes moans to keep his output up by compelling his men to work tho 14 hours per day Dr. Robertson assorted was necessary in thai famous interview he had wiih tho Star to portor on his return from England. And perhaps these are tho hours required to bo worked to obtain tho 10s or 12a por day the Doctor claims that the rate will bo wlisn he gots supreme control ; and I suppose the famous 10 tons por day will be obtained by lengthening tho hours por day to 20. Mr. Jones's opinion ro no further re ductions being niada is not worthy of credence. A higher authority than Mr. Jones has told us that wo must got coal at Is 6d to Is 8.1 por ton, and, as he is forcing several things on us that he out lined whon miking the above statement, -ho inference is that that will bo tho hew ing rate if ho has power to enforce it. Nay, the prices he haB taken the contracts at point conclusively to that being tho rate. Mr. Jones gets confused. He first tells us that tho district will lose trade if the strike bo protractod. In tho next breath ho says (mentioning sovoral collieries in ihe district) they (tho collieries quoted) will got it. And Dr. Robertson, on top of all, says they are filling all the trade com tortabiy, ana no aoes not care ?? an itinerant tinsmith's anathema ' if tho pits nevor go to work again. Whom ate we to believe ? Perhaps my fellow- workers have never taken the trouble to put into figures what a 2d per ton reduction means to the dis trict. I will put it before them. Tho out put is, roughly speaking, 10,000 tons per week. This at 2d moans £83 por week, but as all off-hand men have to suffer whon a reduction In tho hawing rate takes place, we must add another .£60 per week, or £143 por week in all— sufficient to pay the whole of Mr. Jones's miners two-thirds of the boasted 28i per week this gentleman paraded as being the extreme state of affluence those who had the honor to be in his employ existed in. Byron has written : ' Oh ! That mine enemy would write a book.' Mr. Jone3 is not exactly my enemy only so far that he wishes to reduce my wages, nei'her has he written a book, but he has made a state ment, and that is that the Bellambi Coal Coy.'s profits were made off coal bought from South Bulli. Does South Bulli sell its coal at a loss ? If not, -I really must suppose that they make as much profit as the Bellambi C'-. That being the case, we poor miners are saddled with two sets of profits — ono we know of, of 33 per oent, and the othor wo have a right to suppose to be of equal proportions. But stay. No, perish the thought ! Surely when these two companies were making the bargain for tho supply of coal, the Bellambi management never outwitted the combined cunning of Scotia and Cam bria, and left thorn in the soup to pay the profits on Bellambi capital out of the South Bulli shareholders' losses 1 In conclusion I would say -there are por tions of Mr. Jones's [letter the meaning of which is past finding out. These I do not propose to deal wi'b, .as I am not good at I, Chinese, let alone Welsh puzzles. I would simply tell Mr Jones that I reflect on no one personally, neither am 1 ghost for anyone. Thanking you in anticipation. A GENUINE HEWER. January 19th. 