WHO IS HE? OR The Indian Matahma in Australia. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY Natural & Supernatural, KEKNETH HAMILTON, M.B., F.Ii.C.IS. CHAPTER XX.—(CONTINUED.) Oh, Mr. Barton," she said, "tell me if you have anything on your mind! . You will have a partial judge, I think," she added, with a wan smile. "Our burdens become lighter when we hare a friend beside, ns. And I am your friend, and yon hnve bought from my gratitude all a woman can bestow." - It was plain speaking and spoken in all sincerity. Barton felt the froth of • the woman, and he was moved to his inmost soul. "Good Heavens!" he said, "if lonlydare with such a past to hang like a mill-stone round my neck." Then with with a sort of fury' in his voice : " You do not know What yon say. listen. I don't know myself. ,My past is but. a liideous dream,. with every hellish phantom dancing in mockery through my mind. I am the sport of a' fiend. One moment I seem to grasp some recollection and cling to it like a drowning sailor to a •slippery rorik. and again a new idea springs up equally vivid and equally tangible, and the two cannot be true. What is it all, you "will say. I don't know, can't know—;nid no one but one man can hdp me and he wimt. Heavens! if I were to tell you the experience j of the past few months—but no, I will not. j God preserve your memory, Miss Mnrsden. ; With it goes life." | They walked on in silence, both bent on j their own thoughts. ] " You will not let me help yon," she said at last. "Ah, it's not fair," (with a IitHc ghost of a smile.) " I would if I dare," recovering himself; ! "but the secret of my unhappy fancy must ] be home by myself to the grave. That will ' come to finishall or explain all." He dare say no more, and he turned away without another word. The lady walked on pondering all these strange things in her heart. "What forms of self-sacrifice presented themselves before her mind we cannot tell, but we can imagine the wide bounds of a txue woman's self-inartyrdom. CHAPFER XXI. MELBOURNE'S MADNESS. Melbourne was mad—stark, raving,' "Ke w*' mad. The mania for speculating in real estate had seized on the whole population like an epidemic disease. The people had been long prosperous and the capital of the country bad marrellonsly increased, but had not increased in any such proportion as the sanguine wishes of the Victorians had supposed, legislation had brought people from all parts to the great city. These people had to find dwelling-places, and buildings were run up in every direction to accommodate them. ' Of course this naturally caused a txemendous advance in the price of city and suburban property, and when large prices were paid for a few allotments, men of the Wallace type could easily create a " boom" by-purchasing at a price ten times over the highest value. Owners of property thought that they had become mffliouaires without the least trouble on theirpart, and others rushed madly into speculation with the hope of sharing in unexpected development. Many of the banks -were bitten by the tarantula and actually forced the money on their customers or even on strangers. Building societies hardly knew what to do -with the money which flowed into them jErom all odes, and no one bnt a fool would stand aside and allow all this -wealth to glide past ham without making a clutch to aeize some of it. What a rattling, roaring time it -was! Everyone was to be i£ch; everyone was to have his own house and his own vine and -fig-tree, and Victoria ^fas to beoome the garden of Eden—barring "the innocence—of the nineteenth century. Wallace was at the head of everything, and indeed—hardly understanding what was to snch a large extent the work of his t»wi, hand or head— 1 was inclined to believe in the reality of it all. At one time be did believe in a half-hearted way and went on rejoicing. Then he recollected the very small basis on -which it all rested, and determined to make his hay while the ran was shining. Again he-was drawn in. Some syndicate or other had to be formed,andwbatchance was there of doing any good unless "Sir William ** was known to have a " hand in it." He bought and he sold, but it was all on paper. Men bought 'for paper and incurred liabilities that they could never meet if they lived to the age of Methuselah, and then sold for paper to men as reckless and foolish as themselves. Whatever coin was going was supplied by hanks which suddenly sprung up into mushroom existence with the tiroes. Wallace's companies took a new lease of life, and he added to their number until they were beyond even his comprehensive glance. His style of living became even more ostentations than ever. HisToorakmansionwajs eplarged so that it rivalled the palace of a sovenSgn. Hi s wife, Iiady Wallace, was the leader of j society. Nothing could be done in town or | country without her at the head of it, and certainly she filled the position of "Lady { Bountiful" to admiration. She was a good woman, and good women are too rare- Wallace and Xiumsden were again dosetted together in the office of the former jnst ;when the madness was at its height. They were both perfectly -well aware that the climax had been readied, and that if they were to be safe they must realise gradually. But that was easier said than -done.-' Paper has to mature no matter howgood it may be. The couference had been long and anxious. The two men looked haggard arid weary. They had summoned a spirit from the va-sty deep, and had forgotten the Abracadabra, which could control- him. There xere many, things to be carefully considered— L iaany con- 'fingenciea to be .anticipated.- They had succeeded in quadruplying their assets, but ihey had been forced into incurring liabilities much greater, and- some of th^se hadlojbe met substantially in cash,-or t&£ fabric'they had taken such trouble in bnilding -would come tumbling about their ears like a" house of cards. " I don't see what we can do." said Lumsden, throwing" himself hack into his chair. " 13ut confoipided bill'of Hampton's must be met hy hoot sp crook, and the.Victoria •wfllrequire Bolid mahogany." " That doesn't matte- in itself," said Wal- lace, " if we could only see beyond. There is upwards of £100,000 in value in that safe that could he turned iqjto sovereigns of;as good as sovereigns in half an hour." "The dance there is!" said his friend. "What in the name of common -sense have you been humbugging about, then, with enough in hand to float us for a generation!" " Two very small considerations. First, I have only a claim on some twelve or fifteen thousand of it, and second, although the rest is not my own and may lie called "for any moment, I have made use of it already fas an advance whom the 'Mercatorial' required one." "On my honor, it will have to go for the same pourpose again, so far see I can see," said Lumsden. "It hasn't been long back" • replied Wal- lace;"but I ^suppose thatdoefD't matter. On (he smaller sum I have something 4 \- daim. It is th'e savings of -who gave it to me for investment,. anS thought J couldn't do better thau jnvestitin piir 'Finaneisi.-' " ^ey 'liave' l^.. frw enough contented with dividends op to jSie present at any rate." . . - 7 • v-:%oth ihofight of tbe ^'-nffiligia^ jj&i;&m;' :'Xoo-iiaytaijt JohLine Jwliere -tlie rest came from." WelL there is a bit of a mystcnr about that I can't" get at the bottom'of. "it was left here by the Indian—prince lie said he was—for safe keeping. You methimlthinl in Toorak one evening. He has drawn upon me twice or three times, but only for comparatively small sums, from IJtmcdin :uid Launccstun, but that is all ! bai.% to ledger against him since he brought the stuff one evening -with something: like secrecy. He told me he would give me fair notice before he withdrew it. I don't know why he said so, but at any rate I trusted to receiving notice , and have made good use of • the treasure—indeed, if things rax months : ag» hadn't taken a decent turn I half fancy I Bhould have made a permanent loan of it, but there was no necessity, and I don't think til err? is any now. We can always have time to turn about after receiving his notice." "It wffl iave to go to (he vaults of the * Commercial' to-morrow, I think," said IiUmsden. *" Things :ireirtovrrbriglitin the south, I can tell- you. "The Saving's Bank deposits hardly keep us afloat, and Carney has been 'booming' it up too loud. !We were both dipped in a couple of speculation* pretty heavily-, and ready money is over scarce with us." "Hang Carney and yon both!" cried - Wallace in a rage. " You'll spoil the whole thing by your folly. The bottom I tell you eveiyday.is knocked cleanontof the'boom,' and "will soon be'devil take'thcMndmost,' and the hindmost I tell -you again will enmn an eternal smash. If we can spin thrangh for a few months we shall come out with flying colors and full bags, l>ut if yon and Carney play the dence now we'll be blown i ! ! i sty-high. Can't you have « little bit of common-sense " Ob, a very few thousands will keepna square all round, so long as the people being in their savingrr and the borrowers pay, up their dues. I can always shnt. up the directors, and the auditors datn't qnick. Vcit little of the ready money will be enough, and you can let us have it now." " Well, you know bow 1 stand with all i these companies. We have bled the 'Uercatorial' almost dry of cash. I have been disappointed, I tell you at once, in many of my expectations, bnt I am sure with time we couU pull straight, but-we'll want time and nothing else will do. Time will steady matters, and the margin of profit wecounton ; "rill bring ns in straight. There is enough j and more than enough to do it, but we may Rim mt the " donkey between two stools.' One thing is certain, you must hare no more speculation. You have had .quite enough of it, and it is as well for you to keep in,mind j that any further speculations you indulge in will be at your own risk, and your chance of making anything from them is of the smallest. The bottom leoutofthe'booni,' J tell yon. 1 ' "I'll take your word for it. The road out of the prescut" state of affair? must., ntn through your safe. There is nothing «l6e for it, because to nnlise now would be madness, and these bills must be met or there wQ] be ruin all round." : . " You are right .enough there, and I doubt I see some trouble ahead with the^lMcr- ,-atonal.' Once ever there is a breath of r-nspieion the crash will come and nothing on earth will stop it. If we can keep straight, asl said before, we can manage in a couple of months and make splendid profits as well. Time is "all we want, 3ihil"w-e innst have tiiat at axqr price. Now, this is what I shall do. This Halini tfaki left the money with .me on the sole iioudition that he would have it. when it'was demanded. He made the lawpapers devilishly secure for, himself, I promise you. I hardly thought be would have had the nouse to do so but he. did. He did not, however, bind my hands as regards using it, and the whole consequently -will go to the vaults of the bank as security for an advance to meet those bills, but do the condition that it is kept intact until redeemed. Darn the money !—I don't know that it has benefitted me much. I always looked back to it when 1 speculated, and the temporary possession made me cut my fingees to the bone unless it turns up trumps now—at any rate there is enough to pull us through for the present, and if we get our pegs in "all straight there will be easy going in the future.*' ' " Don't be sure of that, old man. The whole city lias been bitten, andif oneof these institutions goes down the whole bag of tricks will be scattered in eternal anasb. Egad, 1 shake in my shoes myself. Between Carney aud myself there is hardly a penny-piece is our concern. The safe is full of bogus securities, and any minute we may have a blow up. I have a few thousands laid hy if the worst comes to the worst, but not enough to make things domestic hum as I always like them. * Phiz ' is a rare old stuff, but dreadfully expensive." " Well, -of course, I can't be sure of it, but we both have the reputation of millions and wc can live on'that for a short time even if times are bad. What we want, as I said before, is to feud off pressing creditors. Our bills are maturing with frightful rapidity and must be met or everything is blown. Now, this Indian money will give us a show. 1 shall have it in the 'Commercial * in a day or so and you can draw on me. How: much will do you? You will have to.make it as little, as you can possibly do with, because It is risky—mighty risky, I tell you." " I mn6t. have iio.ooo at file very least. You had better run over and see how we stand -and thenyou can Judge*' "7%at*s useless. 2 know well enough how you stand generally." " What do yon think will be the result of it all P' " What do I think ? Why, man, I know it will next door to ruin Victoria lock, etock and barrel. "That don't matter, however, if; we can pull through ourselves. On my conscience, Lumsden." " Of course you mean as much as there is of it." " To be sure I do—to besure I.do. I was going to say something else. But I shall say that on my conscience or -the partial conscience I wouldn't like to be in your shoes if (here is an eternal smash.. The old women of the south wiD^ wipe you out -with their dishdoote." -"Luinsderi shuffled a bit nneasOy on hit chair at the omen. "All right,man," saidie.; "but let me tell you while the -old women are at work with me the men-will be Ijnctiog -ytm. aad Egad, I don't know what I should prefo-^f I had a say in the matter." "Pooh! Poohl man, we are in Victoria and living in -the Victorian ageof (he nine^. "faith," said Lumsden, rising, "only far that safe over thereand what'sin it! should relish a change of quarters and wouldn't bother abont the age. You Wouldn't jest in such'seriouB subjects,' Wallace. An infernal old woman did bring me to book the ofiier' day, and ! bad to shell out. Gaddie gore. me a Site taste, and now your mentioning beldames brought her to mind. Good-bye, old man, I'll-see you to-morrow early." " Be here as jeaily as possible after ten. Haiti's money must -go, and we must make die most of the'time1 we have, .'Be sure and come to our hop to-ni^it. We must dhow a a bold face no matter how things nm- Goodbye !fof (hBpresent." ^PuztwQ men fcepafafedandf^umsden went his ipay. Wallace regained the J^st man in the office, and 'did not leaye until long after his {accustomed hour. The gambler -was CHAPTER XKII THE B1IX AT TOOB1K. ' . "Chiselhuist." the Toorak manaon of Sir William'Wallace,.was thejeene tof much fjiffi^nd gay disturbance on the evening of the ^ventfnl '.bBll. itie^^d -ma throt^ed with carriages drawn -op in 1 line waitang wjth. jphat|>atieooe fheycotdd ^heir-turn ^to-dnve Pp "leave timr fair oocupants'at fhehril-. Jiantly lighted dpof of this hospitable man-! blamed ,*viui electric light, fonntsing flawed and glean)ed tritb rainbow hues, dilfolly thrown •upon .them: hy xareiolly idesigned lights ; while inddc the hall D}Ost Jwondeffql arrangement cf ierns'nnd -feoV^s 4»nvertedihe stately hoase into a fsttypalace. ' At the top rf ithe ^isl Teeq>faon- rooPi'*tooft I«ady Waiiam Wallaee, v«tai^g and ch&ttii;^, beaming with webxnqe as they \- ' • • — chit-chat which wns ull that could be interchanged in so great a crowd. j Edith had grown weary of it some half ' •hour^previouflly and' ^itiidrew^to jftirinner | drawing-room, where the "warm light fell j from rose-colored globes and tlie sucnted air. : tlie waving palms, irnd ferns,the sweet heavy eeeiit of rare and beautiful flowers :01 lielprn] 1 to lull the senses to a dreaming deli-jlit ; •«4ich the slow music of tlie distant ball- : only deepey^ ins^d of rousing. ! tjdlth^ouiia herself jar afcw iaoment- saloiie, and,dniwingnenr t _windows-half-shaded-by tlie soft, velvety curtains, she drew the blind and gazed out at the soft moonlit heavens. " Ah, heaven,'.' she murmured, " how lovely, how peaceful the night! and here how hippy tlie faces around me- Ah, me ! shall I ever know happiness or peace again. Why can I not still this eager longing for one step, (his mad, insane desire to hear (he sound of one voice, to fed the touch of-one strong hand grasping mine with kindness. Yes! that is just it, with kindness it is and nothing else—yet I thought the last week' or so he looked -with more gentleness; he spoke with something of tenderness,of regret when' hp. said that he should, iiave soon to tak4 a journey -with the pnnce. Ah, that prince, wiiat^ a-darkj mysterious befng^ heA is—one glance of'his pieixiihg' eyes iflehougii*to send a shiver right through to my very souL Is he George. Barton's evil genius, as he sometimes Heems to intimate ? - What i is' the*-connention between, (hem ? I fear—X fear it is him I have to thank for the state of George's mind towards me. A glancet from him and George seems "to retreat within himself eoibewberp miles aaid miles ' from me—^uid yei%a nof. lovo (he greatest power in tii6 wuJfl! i X fed w if my Ior^JTor^G«oi^e -would be str enough to snrround him like a —to JUiy otiier power tiiat *wonld approach > to IutoIusl Ah me, yhata ^riH, fodab girf t am —and lie flares She duped herlninda fmflflpntyj ww^y tiiem in bw torture of mind as Ae strengtii aod liopclRBsnesK ofTitt love forced itself ion Her attention. A deep fdg^h near lier her turn sharply round to discover the phject of her thoughts etancling a little benfrid f^n^oot.at the nig'h t T^th a dreaining, faraway air as if he was only half aiive. " Mr. Barton, X thought you were jsoc* in^T** cn'wi Edith, Bcarcely.Jmowing-in her confiision what she said. J ^Dancing, dancing-—what have I to do with dancing; that belonged to—to "what—^ Rnmething' oreomewhere thai X can't lay hold of in my mind do what I w3l—some time or place hi my lif^ and yet vxtz it wyjife?^* 1 \- Vt .Mr. Barton, yon talk titzaagdy kt times, and yet when action is jiecessaiy yon axe quick enough^ as X aim*sever tared of remoin- "benn^r, 4 * she added in a eoft and tone. ' It seemed to touch Barton into life for a moment. Advancing a step he took her hand in a warm clasp. " Nay, Bliss Marsden, you tfiinV too much of so simple a thing; hut I cannot eay much about it since it has brought me the friendship and sympathy of so sweet a woman as" yourself, and I am so rough and plain a nun that I cannot express to you all X wish to say." " Y«s, my friendship is yours, if that is.of any use to you—friends in (his worid are_ not. so plentiful I find, and in society.it is a I word of ii hollgw sound ; yet friendship, pure and single-hearted, and kind thought never yet harmed anyone, and my life is so lonely I a one, in spite of appearances, and will he al- j ways so, that rpy, friends are few and far be- i tween. A faction of friendship, therefore, is | not likely,to,be broken on my part—hands on't ?" she added, with a short laugh which verged very nigh to tears. Once more their hands met in a long clasp. " " Thanks, Miss IDarsden—Ediih may. I Say for once. This is, indeed, a thing to prize—a true, warm-hearted litile friend; but I forget I came to ask, at -your.dster's desire, if you will honor me with this waltz. I fed as if 1 danced, and yet I am not certain !" he cried, in an irritated kind of way, " but you are so gentle that tf I dop't shape well you will pardon me, I know," and drawing the hand he still held through- his arm, he marched off to the ball-room in the half-absent manna- which seemed one of ,his chief characteristics. The softest and dreamiest of waltzes sounded through the ball-room, and Edith soon found herself floating round in George Barton's arms in (ho rythmic motion so dear to all true lovers of the ball- room. Her step and George's harmonized well together. The - dancers thinned off couple after couple, but Editli and her (Companion kept on. Many an admiring glance followed them: she was so graceful and Barton so tall, and their dancing expressed the very poetry of motion. But.as Kingsley says, " Good times and. bad I. times mid all times soon,coxnc "to oncnd,"„i and so at last did the waltz. With the look I of dreaming happiness still on her face, she j let Barton lead her to one of (he dimly ( lighted 'conservatories in sUence and.stand 1 fanning her for & few moments ere he broke ' thesiietice. j "Thank you, my little friend; it seems j that X did- dance once somewhere, though ; 'pon my honor X can't say where. But you ! possess a great amount of electric forbc,'I j fancy,, for I alwayB feel a certain defiance of j {ate.or something when X am near you. A : strange fact. X cannot explain even to my- ! self what X mean. A strange man I know i myself to he—a queer friend far you, little one, and one you'il tire of before long if I mistakenot." " Never George—Mr. Barton X mean—1 shall not change as long as there is life in me at all; but.I wish, oh, X wish Ticouldhelp you to remember what you wish, 'but jt f eel strangely depressed to-night, and I fliought X-heard more than one anxions tone.5n.the to the hall-room. "What is intheair^—do^ou feditP'—^ToBEXJoitrmoED.) W ^ H. 13' THEjirat East Male-r-HieProdigal Son. A.&xjoz; that is Always XjooldngrUp—Abtronomy. Neolected.—" Does he -write to you regulady einceyou bocamera^agedi"' " Ko: samefimes I only ..get oneletier a, day." "I am yours!" he exclaimed. "Through ihedesertnilive — your.lo^eshall .may oasis he !'•' .. w Your oas^^efijhutl ^n , tl«you^_ 1^yife.' , Then he sighed, " Oarister to me!" -.'- Lj^ea Xkuuelv : - "JChisdrinkiiig.-ctq). was made for me^wh£n X : was ahahy.'' 8HE:"WiStiiigfor the press is thanldess wuA.'Ssaiirti".' ' •••'-.'flfh V7 ' .Pb., Joassmi/bang askedio -gjfefl..dofinitiou of nanaensE/ ruplied, ^Sir, it is^nouseiiBe # to^Uihe^oorLlvithalwiled carrot.". flight! She «ang, as the J?ible lie jidd vn- T »4ste ta»k>wypjjs from hi.ftge. SsnBe ' V^lie-floctens have-riven Jonef tip" 1 "f Bobinson: "Joorf^low! lsheso llljas ttat?" ! ' - ' V Smith"^.""Ko t^e^iasgrt^te^."- - i*i Cuxeb on flwliinimigJBtor.;>f'-I4ont «ee3iow^rGb lrren^ttontyoiiraitttband." i t> • ' Widow 0 VisdiSfi'i-eeeTicHsfWoffll&elwift; yotua" f "r" 2 -". * T The Obook : "1 can't see j^ _che4te The hriplet "iiigia-is^.yt^entTniindei ; He lit his cigarjwith 'jt^' , A b V t isf" i o- - T -^t' Jnnyuppe *«yeSJ tnrtwhenalmBn st^ _ j a piece of omige-Wal ft iS'" " * . - - - [cOPiflUA^iT,,.{ i 