O'Brien's Ghost. Mrs. O'Brien was proprietress of n lodg ing hou.io in the romantic suburb ul Carlton. At the timo I speak ol alio wai a widow of six months. Tho lato Mr. O'ISrien hud been found ono morning following a raco meeting with iiiB heau jammed in a water main. f Ilow it got there, no evidenco showed. n So far, however, ns Mrs. O'Brien was con cerned thin did not mailer. To all intents B and purpoBos, her Mink was the man wIiobo head was found in tho water main. r Ifc is true that his cl tBsic visage— of true Tipporary typo had suffered some damage, r and was not readily recognisable. Ilut r tho clothes were her Mick's. His watch was missing, but thero was his initials on tlio tail of his Bhirt, and what more was j nocded. j „ Then thoro was an exceptioual corn on , £ tho little toe of his right foot to which the t widow swore. I v ' Sure— God bo with him,' bIio sobbed I v to tho coroner, ' haven't I pared that 1 1 same corn scorcB of times. Oh whirra, ; whirra I my poor darlin', ho'll never want j that corn pared again.' ! j And so the coroner, satisfied that the disagreeable corpse in the next room was I £ all that remained of Michael O'Brien, j Esq., proceeded with the inquest. : a A verdict was returned to tho effect ? B that Michaol O'Brien had met with his . death from suffocation in a water pipe, ; { but thero was no ovidonce to show how ho ^ got thoro. _ | So the body was hurried, with a grand wake, and all tho honors, and Honora tho j widow Bat down in tho parlor to rereivo tho condolenco of hor friends and acquain- j tances. These woro many, and of all ages, positions and types ; Michael had been in j somo sort a public man — a local councellor, ( a J.P., aud a successful contractor. j Persons thon of all kinds caino to oflet £ their sympathy. Mrs. O'Brien received ( thom, aa sho observed to a friend, ' appropriate, my doar, accordin' to their ranks. ' | Mr. Theophilus Murphy, a young Aub- ( taalian undergraduate studying attheuni- j varsity, was among her visitors. Tho O'Briens and tho Murphys had ( always 'consorted,' both in the ' ould land.' and hero in tho new. j Mr. Theophilus was a young man of 22, ( ?with a round face, .round nose, and little , round eyes. Ho looked like an animated turnip, with a dishcover represented by his collegiate hat. , He paid Mrs. O'Brien his visit of con dolence habited in his university gown, j and ll:it hoard. ! . Ho knew that tho lady admired this out- ; ' ward and visible sign of laming and janius, j | and ho was not unwilling to make a favor able impression. Even thus early, Mr. Murphy reflected , ( that tlio late O'Brien would ' cut up ' lor j a considerable sum. | Tho widow was plump and comely— on j the fair side of thirty. Theophilus liked the idoa. ' You'll be lonely now, dear Mrs. O'Brien,' said ho, as he sat in the dark ened drawing room. i | ?' Don't name it, Misthor Murphy,' she ? sobbed, ' poor Mick was grand company, and very lively. ' ; This was true, for the lalo gentleman, being usually well in liquor usi'fl to make things ?' hum,' in the house, if dinner was not ready or to his liking. ? . ' Maybe you'll travel,' suggested tha undergraduate. ' Nothing like it they say to euro a broken heart. I can believo ; it. To vinit the classic lands of Europe | and Asia; to converao with the spirits of , the groat lievooa of ancient times — ah I yes, this miuht be apt to make one forget his sorrow.' ' Maybe, sir,' said the widow, ' but I am a great stay-at-home, ye see. My ways is domestic. No — I'll open a board ing house.' TheophiluB stared. 'A boarding house, Mrs. O'Brien ?' 'To bo sure, Mr. Murphy; uot.ye'U j understand that 1 need to do it for tho j profit, glory bo .to God. Poor Mick has ; left me everything— may ho rest in pace. .| But for Bociety, Mr. Murphy. If 1 can j get five or six gontloinen.like yerself,now, j Mr. Murphy, to live in this big house, sure it would bo company — and com pany of a vory pleasant koind yo'll under stand. .. . . - v ? , .For.a moment the, undergraduate ' said? 'notViiig£7He 'thought, howovor, . very} rap'.diy.i 'Presontly hospoko. » ? Not ' a bad idea, ma'am — not a bad' idea. And I'll tell you what — if you still; hold to it,- I'll riiake ono. Bless mo. it would be very pleasant. You know I am musical; and you sing beautifully Mrs. — ' Whist, whist, Mr. Murphy. Don't let lis talk, of them vanities yet. Poor Mick hasn't been in heaven over a week.' ' True, true. But time passes rapidly Mra. O'Brien. It seems like u month — doesn't it ?' ' An' ye'll make one of my lodgers, Mr. Murphy ?' smiled tho widow. ' Oh thiri I'm obliged to ye. An' I'll make . yez comfortable, I beliove.' 'Don't name it, dear madam,' ob served tho uudorgraduate,' don't name it. The privilege of living under the same roof with you,' dear lady, would of itself sullico lo impart a souse of comfort and contentment; to thu :most exacting of moi tills.' ' Mrs. O'Brien was speechless. This ad-, dress tickled her 'vanity even unto a species of mental paralysis. When, therefore. Mr, Murphy raised her hand to his lips, and bado her good ! day, sho could only smile, and blush, and , flutter. ' Oiuoious 1' sho murmured to herself whon alone, ' that young man has quite a magnetic attraction, so he has. Well, well, poor O'Brien ; 1 wondther how ye fuel now If this reflection, utturod aloud in the presence of thoso who had best known the lamented in life, had needed oral answer, that answer would probably have taken the terBO but eloquent form', em ? bodied in the sentence—' a drink.'. Wherever lie might be it was tho firm j opinion of the departed Mr. O'Brien that whother in substance or spirit, the dominating idea would bo 'a drink.' Perhaps some such idea ce inrred to hit widow, for though sho 6ighod there wat no great misory echoed in hor sigh. Sho arose from hor seat and .rogarded her comely face in tho mirror over the mantel-BhoIf. ' The weeds suits mo,' sho muttered. ' Oh, but sliaino it is, I'll bo thinking ol that, same.' Thon a few minutes afterwards she multered. ' He's an ilogant young man, so lie is — with his learnin' and janius. 'Twill be pleasant to havo hiin in tho liouso tc cavarse with and console.' Aud so, aftor a decent period of mourn ing for hor departed Mick, and the sottle meut of liis affairs (which last proved very en'isfnotnry indeed). Mm. O'Brien issued a neat little circular among her friends, informing them that sho was pren uvd tu accommodate fivo _ or six genilo:iiuii of character and position at Truo to his promiso. Mr. Thcophihn ' Murphy was tho first to take up his abode at Krin Hnune. Then a landing-waiter in the Cubtoms, a stout, rod-faccd, loud- voiced gentle man who had been in the army and was known as .Major Buck, appeared one day at tho dinner tablo, and was introduced aa a pormanoncv. Theophilus hated him instinctively. Tho major had a way of looking at him rom beneath his beetling brows, which nude the student's spinal marrow creep. He thought that a cannib.il savage might 0 regard a well-nourished missionary j irospectively. | Two bank clerks, and (after some de- i nur, aB being Bomewhat below the social ' tnndard of tho other lodgers) a young j nan from a large drapery establishment, nade up the rest of tho boarders. Tho last gentleman only succeeded in ecuring admission to the hospitalities of irin Houso by accepting a bed-room In a ; ;arrct, and promising to observe an uiiob- , rusive demeanor. [ Then, thoro was tho advantage that he ' vas always ready to Bupply information ? vith respect to the fashions, and the latest j hings in bonnets. i Ho was a quiet, blue-eyed youth, with 1 sad and melancholy cast of countenance. 1 lire. O'Brien took to him, and patro lisedhim, for which ho seetned verygrute ?ul» | The widow had the late Mr. O'Brien s unit to reside with her. This was neccs ary in duo course of tho proprieties. j A niece also— a pretty country girl with : ?edcheeks andsof t brown eyes, was adopted -y the lady, who, however, kept her re igiously in the background. Time pa93edon, and theperiodof mourn ng had elupsed. Mrs. O'Brien, ono fine lunmier's morning, appeared at breakfast n a simple gown of colored print. The major was in ecstacies. ' Ah ! madam, that is sensible. I'm ;he last man in tho world, egad, to say lay to decent formalities. But by heaven, Mrs. O'Brien, its sheer blasphemy to hide luch loveliness as yours beneath dull :rape.' Tho widow colored, and Bimpered. Tho undorgratuato realised, for the first timo in his life, that thero were some cir jumslances, under the action of which a man might commit murder justifinbly. The drapers' young man looked depro jatingly at his landlady. ' It is gratifying, Mrs. O'Brien, to hear ilajor Buck speak thus. His views are those of a gentleman who has tho right and authority lo offer them.1 Tho major crunched his toast. By Jovo you are right, sir, right. What Jack Buck hasn't seem you might put in your eye without any danger to it,' mid the major scowled at tho undergradu ate. That gentleman felt miserable. He had felt for somo time that he was losing ground with the widow. He determined to settle matters at once. ; And bo, ono day, returning from a re fined game of tenuis and carrying his bat in his hand, he entered his lodgings. It was early in the afternoon, and he knew ho should find the widow alone. ' He waB mistaken. ?Opening the door of the Bitting-room he beheld a picture which made him gasp. tThe widow was reclining in the major's arms. Ho was soothing her ; speaking to her in a tender, though rather arbitrary man ner. . As the door creaked lie looked up. ' Ha ! ' roared 'ho major, and the next moment the undergraduate was dragged across the room by the collar of his coat. 'Youaneak, 'cried the major. 'Listen- ing at the keyhole.' 'I wasn't — indeed I wasn't,' whim pered Mr. Murphy. ' Oh, Mr. Murphy,' said the; widow, ' I should not have thought it.' But I wasn't. 1 w.is coming to speak to you, Mrs. O'Brien. I was — ' ' ' Say it,' growled the majar, ' and I'll skin you alive. This lady has promised to bo — Hulloa!' The door opened and another gentleman appeared. Tho widow saw him, uttcrod a wild shriek and fell to the floor inseu sible. i ' By tho Lord!' gasped tho under graduate, 'its his ghost.-' ' Hulloa 1 you, sir,'.' roared Major Buck. What do you want.' ' Bediid,' observed tlio new. arrival, .with a.broHd MileRiiin brogue, 'J jiardly kuow. . jWho thc'; ai;'uca,'''aro Jydu,''my ' friend,' and the stranger advanced into the room:' J v lie was a tall, muBCulir, dark, and not ill-looking fellow, in' whose face, an expres sion of arch drollery predominated. 'Who, the diiuceare you, sir,' repeated the stranger. ? The major becamo suddenly quite wild. 'Me— me Bir. My name is Buck, air, Major Buck 'at your servico.' 'Well, then, Major Buck, at my ser vice, clear out. This is my house ; that lady kicking the floor is my wife ; and you, Masther Murphy — sure don't you know me.'' Tho undergraduate shrank into a corner pale nnd paralysed. '? It's a ghost,' he muttered. 'Tho saints be good to us.' 'Ghost be hanged,' growled tho other. ' I'm Mick O'Brien, my friend. Buusa up ? You sir,' to tho major, 'had bono show us your back, or, maybe, I'll be after holping you.' At this tho major, strangely changed from his usual martial bearing, sneaked away. The stranger raised Mrs. O'Brien from tho floor. ' Rouse up, Biddy,' said he, ' Sura I'm Mick, come back to yo.' ' Oh, oh,' moaned the lady, 'maybe twar for changing my mourning, Mick. But I kep' it twelvo months, honey.' 'Oh, bother,' growled the man. 'Don't be foolish. I'm not dead, and never have been.' 'Not doad — oh, dear 1' moaned the widow, 'and the major just proposed to me.' ? ' Theu ho'll have to wait,' said Mr. O'Brien. 'Coine now, cheer up,. I'll tell you all about it. Shako hands Masther Murphy,' and tho grip with which ho grasped that young gentleman's fingers at once dispelled his doubts us to tho materiality of the now arrival. It appoared that Mr. O'Brien, after winning a largo sum ut the races, had mot with an old friond, a sea captain, who in vited him aboard his ship. Tho ship sailed oarly the 'following morning, and while Mr. O'Brien and some other roaring fellows woro still making merry. j When thoy recovered themselves it was I to find themselves at sea. j There was no getting back and they i had to make tho bust of the disaster, and 1 go on to London. The voyage was lengthy but very en joyable, and when Mr. O'P.rien found himself in London with a couple of thou sand pounds in his pocket he proceeded to enjoy himself. This ho did with such relish that ho en tirely omiUud to communicate with hi: lwi& ' ' , Letter writing, indeed, was not in hii line at any time. Moreover lie prweded to Ireland to leo liia friend; aud at once joined heart and aoul in the |xilitical troubles there. Arrested for riotous couduct at *a pro scribed meeting, he was sent lo prison for three months. All these circumstances accounted for his not communicating with his wifo in Australia. ' An' so it was by my ould corn ye knew me, Biddy,' said he, as Sirs. O'Brien sat on his knee with her arm around his neck, and told her story. ' Yes, dear.' 'I wondther if ould Buck has a corn ?' said he, with twinkling eyes. ' Arrah, whisht^ Mick,' said the widow. ' Bad scran to ould Buck.' ' But you'd have had him, Biddy, if I had been dead.' 'I was mighty lonely, Mick,' mur mured Mrs. O'Brien. ' and tho major's a foine man, auyway.' ' Arrah, nut ho. He's a cur, Biddy, The little (student is worth a dozen of him.' ' Poor crayture,' said Mrs. O'Brien, 'they was all after ine. I couldn't lieln it, Mick.' 1 ?' Horra a bit, Biddy. Give me a kiss, and I'll be abutter husband to ye than I was. I rniestd you bad.' i Aud ho kept his word, and although I jometimes the thoughts of Mrs. O'Briun turn sentimentally to li ; thought of the incident of the major's proposal, she has never really regretted that her Mick re turned at that moment to dispel the illu sion. ? 