TIIE LATE FKED. LESLIE. recollections of gaiety BURLESQUE. FIRST NOTICE: Amongst the books worth reading, upon which there is sure to be a run at Mullen's, few are likely to draw Melbourne, readers more than the newly published Recollections of Fred Leslie, by W. S. Vincent. In two handsome volumes, profusely illustrated, an old friend from boyhood, a journalist and joint author with Leslie of his last great success, Cinder Ellen Up Too Late, recounts the story of his life from start to finish. His early proclivity for the stage, his successes as an amateur, the ruse by which he suc ceeded in getting bis foot upon the regular boards, bis hardly-won success, his triumphs in America, in England and Australia, all are fully recorded. There is no lack of amusing stories toenliven the narrative, nor are detail of his heme life and private relationship want ing. The picture is given, Cromwell fashion', warts and all, with the result that when you close the book you fully know the man, his strength, his weakness- The lives of great actors have as hooks generally been arrant failures, faulty in construction, painfully deficient in interest. No uoh complaint can be brought; against the present work. Mr Vincent is in fullest sympathy with his subject, knows his story thoroughly, has turned his literary skill to such good account that from the day of Leslie's birth, 1st ApriT 1855, down £2 the dark December morning, 1892, when typhoid fever claimed its viotim, the in terest never flags. The enforced retirement of Missg Farren, through iHbpub, and the death of Leslie have almost quenched what admirers called "The Sacred Lamp of Gaiety Burlesque." Whether it was ever worth lighting, or worth maintaining at such expenditure of vitality aud artistic genius, may well be questioned. Like many other .silly things well done, but scarce worth the trouble of doing well, it will have its day and cease to be ; but the life of its high priest aud Magnus Apollo is fraught with instruction for stage-strook youngsters, and may well give them pause. Strenuous and mmwmltfriT|g toil, an overstrained nervous system, and early death at thirty-seven, seem too high a price to pay even for success like Leslie's and a fortune of Ll6,000. The game was scarcely worth the candle. EARLY LIFE. The Hobsons, of Woolwioh, military outfitters in a good way, were not the first, nor are they likely to be the last, of our middle class families devoted to church or chapel, who make the appalling discovery that one of their brood is that rara avis, a born actor. Good Mrs Hobson, left widowed with eight children to bring up, and a busi ness to manage, succeeded in everything she undertook, save in arresting her youngest boy's penchant for the stage. Good schooling, both at home and afterwards in France, regu lar church-going, maternal expostulations, all failed to stem the tide that set so strongly theatrewards. The church itself must be credited with some of the reapon nihility for having fostered young Freds dramatic tastes ; for at penny readings and paroahial festivals he won s uch applause "by. his boyish recitations that in jdue- course - he found a place amongst the amateurs at the Royal Artillery Theatre. Here he chiefly aeoted old men roles, but on occasion was ready to fly at any game, high or low, that offered. The great ambition, of these early days was to play Lear in a London theatre,, nor did this longing for. the higher and more serious walks of the drama ever desert him ; burlesque was only a road towards a predeter mined goal, the management of a London theatre and serious parts, and for this he was preparing when death closed his -ca reer., AN UNREHEARSED EFFECT. In those Woolwich days the play was one night the popular Colleen Bawn, and Fred Leslie, for he had thus early adopted hia nom de theatre, was Danny Mann, the hunchback, a part he greatly fancied. Ail went well until towards the close, when Danny's knowledge of the lext gave out. Danny, shot in thecavo while trying to drown the CoUeen, has been taken to his mother's hut, and there has to confess and give lip the ghost in view of the audience. The bed on which Master Fred lay was in the centre of the stage. Poor Danny's tale was told with all the convulsions and moans which enhance the effect of the death struggle ; when, lo ! with the final twinge, off came the coverlet, revealing under the bedstead a soldier, lying .at full length with a book aud candle, prompting the actor above him, line by line. The house roared with laughter, and the cur tain fell rapidly upon the anti- climax. It was fortunate for " Mr Fred Leslie" that he had not to show himself again upon th« stage that night. EARLY DAYS IN STAGELAND. By the time he was twenty he had risen in the establishment of Messrs Prater, the well- known London army contractors, to a salary of L100 a year, with the certainty of speedy promotion, hut in 1878 be threw all this up to accept an engagement to play first eld men at the Royalty Theatre under TWigg Elate Santley s management at the princely salary of LI a week. The late Lionel Brough was to star in Paul Pry, and Leslie was the Colonel Hardy. His first appear ance was a dreadful fiasco. To se cure the engagement he professed to know all about the part. In fact, he had never read it, or even seen the play, hut the chance was too good to lose, 80 he sat up all night to study it, with the result that he was soundly hissed. Confess ing the truth, he begged for another chance eo earnestly that Miss Santley at last con sented, and by the third night both manager ess and star were forced to acknowledge that he was the best Colonel Hariy they had ever seen. A year's hard work at the Royalty won for the young aspirant the goodwill of his fellows and the favor of the audience, but by those . arbiters of destiny, the critics, he was either ignored or had such snippets of praise doled out as might have soured one of less deter- mined jnettlp. Still he struggled on, mukmg -way. slowly till in . oomio, opera he. found hia feet and beoame in request.-. la 1879 .he married the sweetheart of his childhood, Miss Louie Agate, to whom he owed, twelve years of happy wedded tife, and whose early death just before his second visit to Australia oast a shadow upon the short remnant of his career. After two years at the Alhambra, where his salary rose to L12, and finally LI 5, he accepted an American engage ment at L25 a week, and there first met with that stimulating en couragement, both from the Press and his audiences, the lack of which had been so keenly felt , in England. There, in five mouths, he won a position which five years' hard Work in England had failed to ensure, and on his return to England he brought with him a three years' engagement, to begin in August, 1882, at L25 a week first year, L35 second, and L40 the third. Before his return, to America, however, a chance meeting with H. B. Farsie, the well-known librettist of eo many comic operas, led to an engagement at the Comedy Theatre to create the part of Rid in a serio comic operatic version of Rip Van Winkle at a salary of L25 a week. This was in reality the crowning artistic suc cess of Leslie's life. Press and public were for once in fullest accord. The American engagement had to be postponed and for 100 nights Leslie enjoyed his triumph. A SERVANT MAID S CRITICISM OF HER MASTER. Leslie's servant girl was sent to see Rip, ' and during the first act a good-natured neighbor pointed out her master when he was singing his song, These Little Heads now Golden, which she followed with interest. In the third act when Old Rip croons the same song in a faltering, aged voice, bat fails to recall it, and breaks down, the maid left the theatre and went home. Next day her master asked her how she had enjoyed the performance. "Oh, sir," she replied, "I like the two plays you acted in (meaning the first two acts), and your song was beautiful ; but after that they played another piece (the third act), aud some old man came on and tried to imitate yon and to sing your song, and he forgot the words, and he couldn't do it a bit ; and I was so glad." AT THE TOP OF THE TREE. At th6 end of 100 nights the management raised his salary to L30 a week, hut as the furore increased beyond expectation, Leslie declined at the end of his nine engagement to renew it save at an advance eo L40. This was declined, so after 14th July, 1883, he took a month's holiday before revisiting America. There he topped his pre vious success to suoh a degree that London " Truth " wrote : — " Fred Leslie hss gone to America for the salary of a Cabinet Minister, English managers feeling that they could only afford to pay him that of a Secretary of State." In April, 1884, he returned to England in such a state of health that protracted rest was necessary, and not till September of that year did he resume work, returning to the Royal Comedy Theatre, and to hiB old form in Rip ; a lengthened provin cial toflf following. To an interviewer ho gave a peep into the seamy side of hia life . " If you think' that our hook of life iB a kind of gilt edged edition de luxe by comparison with that of the clever actors of yom companies who play a score of new pieoog every year, yon may temper your judgment with mercy by. recollecting how exceedingly arduous theep burlesque characters are. frequent changes of dress and make-up, the dancing, the singing, the constant ebuliienoe of spirit — all this is most exhausting to the nervous system, and in my own cue has led to serious illness." Bat, with all its draw, backs, the life was to his taste, and his affec tion for the stage never abated. He loved his work ; he enjoyed it when on the stage and there was no subject of thought or con versation more congenial to him at all tunes than topics theatrical. Rip Van Winkle came to an end at last and the hard-wrought actor took a holiday trip in France, re- visiting his old school, and doing Paris. Hia opinion of French actors and acting is worth transcribing : " My so journ m France taught me nothing, or rather only one tiling, that the Paris standard of acting is deteriorating. I saw. but one per fect piece of acting out of the efforts of about 250 artists, and this from a man at a cheap theatre in a cheap piece." For a seoond notice we reserve what to our ' readers will prove the most interesting part of the book, Leslie's connection with the Gaiety Company and his two visits to Am. tralia. John REID. 