Our Laidley Letter. \---o (FNoa Ons Owa COROOPONDEPNT.) 0OROIBIABOTIDE. Ere you bear from me again, another Christ mes wll have come and gone. I wish I could boom this coming gay and festive season, but I have no ghost of a ahowa, and it seems to me a pirce of refiosed sarcasm wiehing your readers "A Merry Christmas 1" Certainly last week there was a slight rift in the clouds that lower o'er our homes, "Spuda had ri," and milch sows were in demand. These feeble rays of sun. shine apparently resurreoted the "defunoos sports" of the town, and a race-meeting is to come off on New Year's Dpy-ohat is, if no bitter frost nips their hopes. Potatces are still firm, bat the creamery has lowered the milk rate, end the demand for milkers has anbtided. Storekeepera are making frantis efforts to raisn a smsrk on their faces, and in view of the general depression, I am Informed, intend to double their usenal distribution of Ghristmas tones and New Year gilfts. The pbltainas, not't to be ontdone in generosity, it Is said, intend to take no money on Christmas Eve. and will double their subsariptions in the church plate on Chriormas Day; whilst the butchera--aell, Mr. Heenan has sold out to Mr. Burgeres, and I bear that beef and mottoo, peaoe and goodwill, will reign sopreme in their shops this ChObrietmas. Yes, Daniel has pro phesied that. in the latterdays, no men shall Isack beef tiat cometh to him. There is no alteration oi bread. Tiisi allthecommeroial n.wse I hbare t impart. MOIOOOLLANOOOU. As to our art asd sosial lift, that is dull too. Last week the Chorel Sooiety repeated their eatersta'nment given a few weeks hack. There was only a moderate attendanoc. The brass brand is very quiet-eooupt when plactising, I am told that, owing to the effJrts cf the energetio bandmaster, the finances are now on a very soonl sand colsd basis. Several of our leading mosicians are anozions to form a string band. After all there is nothing so dear to the mauioal eanthosoat as the otgant, and there is no shabdow of adoebt that wi have the talent. The ansbuosisso only wants stirring up. Our oricken club has not as yet p!lyed sany more matohbes. There is talk of another "*sooial" instead. The last was most enjoyable. The elob is great on eooials; at oricket, a bit off. The Lawn Tenois Club-a new ibstita tion-is a great socess, and is a marked feature of Lsidley oosietoy. In eonoection therewith a garden fle was lately be:d at the reosldeose of Mr. Bryant; it was a brilliant and distinguished gathering, snd the coatomeoa were most elaborate and recherct. It is an open aseoret that obortly the jojyous wedding bhlls will ring ent in Laidley town. t is qoite refreshing to note these pleasant little oases in the arid wastes of our lives in this Laidley. This is absot all the social news. From Laidley to Western Australia ii a long jump. I have just heard, under date 6th Dsecember, from an old Laitleyidentity--Mr. T. Maddin. This is how be sislts up what he has seen and heard of Westralia:-"*I can hardly fod words bad enough to describe this oostry. It is a barren waste of sand and poverty. Sosl there is none. The towns of Albany, Free mantle, and Perth are nothing hobut puebs, eatiog- hosses, and stores, which with shipping companies and West Australian syndioates. have boomed this plsace far aod wide to allare people here for the purpose of draining their pcketse. A thosaond or more arrive weekly, 900 of whom may be reokoned on as baving a few pounds each, which soon vanish on the way to Coolgardie or some other place equally boomed up. The people return miserably dirty, worn out, and without a shilling. There are bhondreds of these men round these towns, while deoms daily arrive in the same woe. begone condition, ouraing the God-forsaken, oeve:-fiished ucoutry, and their ill-tck in coming to it. Those who have got any sort of a bl!et birely get sufficient wages to pay for their lodging anl tucker. Of late many return by the same steamer that brought them, the aspect of the soontry and reports from all quarters being enough. Still, fresh onee are o ntinuallyarrivting fromallpartse ofthecolonies. The deathrate of Coulgardie is kept in the dark by the inflouence of these West Australian eyndistes, bueoseas aesbarkes, &a.;, bat, by all aoousota from returning troavellers, dozoso of men die weekly from sheer want of nomish ment, low fevet'r, and wrotcbhcdoeas, some of whom are thrpwn iato a hole without an effort being made to find out who or what they are. or where they oame from. Ssob is the state of affais in Wemslern Australit. The travelling public and gold-seokers are itmplyt supporting thoie towns anod thboe country at large; hot, as for settlement on the had. if I got 100,000 aores for living on it I would not acept the giflc; and I would warn any of my friends or yours againset coming here. You may poblieh this for the benefit of all those friends I promised to write to." Now, Tom is no chicken, nod knows what good and bad country are. I opine there are Worst places thea Laidley. Sandl I wish to goodness there waa some about this town. It has been rain ing during the last two days, and there's mud, mud everywhere, bhat, alas I no gold or even sand. Of coarse, as a matter of form, I wash oyea, Mr. Editor, "A Maerry Christmas," and I do roalIy hope that yoe will have a Happy New Yiar. (We heartity reoiprooate.-ED. Q.T.) December 18. 