THE REDMPTORIST MISSION, The Redomptorist Fathers continued their mission for men in st. Kilian’s Pro- Cathedral yesterday, The different musses were well attended, and the instructions at the six and mno o dock matims well received. The Tiov. Father Ilegany preached Jn tj, 0 overling, taking as his text, Matthew, 26th chapter. dial verso, “Depart from mo yo cursed into everlasting lire, which wan pro pared for tho devil and his angels.” The great St. Augustine, said tbo rev. gentleman, when bo preached tbo gospel to the faithful 1500 years ago. used to insist on hj s hearers often going down in spirit into hell during life, tbo bettor to bo able to escape it after death. Such was tbo advice of tbe great St. Augustine, and ibc Holy Ghost gives die Hinno advice to us when bo says, “Remember thy Inst end, and thou shall not sin," Such was tbo advice the preacher gave lo thorn to- night, Tbo mission was a time for serious thought, and was given by God that wo might enter into ourselves and see how wo stand as regards God and our own souls. Many people novor stop to think of tboir souls —many Catholics amongst tbo number. Wo live in a very material age, and the country is engrossed in very material things—how to make money, how to get on in the world, got plenty of gold, see how the mines are turning out,, how many dividends they can get, How few of them think of heaven or hell, or God or tho devil. Before entering on his subject he wished to say a fow words about those who object to believe to hell. Some people say 'that hell is used by a priest only to frighten people out of their wits. It is not to frighten people the priest speaks of hell, but to make them think seriously. They live a deceitful dream, and in false -security. They are all tho time on tho very brink of hell; they are all tho time hanging- over the yawning gulf suspended by a thread which God holds in his, hand, and may at any time cut. Then, alas, they fall into that awful abyss like a stone dropped into the sea. There is another class who do not like to bear hell spoken about. They do not see that it does any good. It is tho priest’s duty to rouse them to a sense of their danger, and please God it would never he said he had neglected this duty. If any person saw a drunken man sleeping on--tbo very edge of a precipice, would ho not consider it a duty, even though he were that person’s greatest enemy, to rouse that man and warn bim of bii danger. If anyone saw an express train rush, ing towards a bridge which ho know bad been washed away, would ho not feel compelled to try and stop that train for fear its human freight would be carried to destruction? In the same way men were hastening down to hell, and it was tho priest’s duty to rouse them and tell them they are going to destruc tion. Our Lord in his parables speaks of hell directly and indirectly, Jesus Christ, nil meekness and humility often spoke of hell,and his priest’s cannot do better than follow such an example. If he (the preacher') held his tongue on tho subject, those present would be the first to raise their voices on tho day of judgment, and denounce him for not giving them warning. There is another class who deny the existence of hell al together, This class of infidels and unbe- lievers, surrounded by flaws of physical science, was growing every day. They laugh and jest at the idea of a hell. They say such a thing was all very well for the middle ages and for ignorant people, and is all very well now as a bogey to frighten people. He did not think it necessary to waste much time in refuting such doctrines. Catholics prefer to take their belief from their holy church rather . than from every Dick,Tom,and Harry,and every blasphemer with a new doctrine. They make out a specious objection. They say God is so good that be cannot send anyone to hell. That is what is called sophism. It is plausible and nice on the face of it. They say it is uncom pat.ible with God’s goodness to send any one to hell. Ho would answer their question by asking another. How dare man, a more worm of the earth, offend his God, his Maker, his Creator, and break his laws and his commands merits? There is those men’s answers. God made ' no one for hell. He made man for heaven. Man makes hell for him* self. Hell was made only for the devil and his angels. But, oh, God, men who do believe in hell continue to live as Pagans as ,theo beasts of the field, and as though they were sure they would go to heaven living as they did. Can any man break tho laws of this land with impunity? For certain crimes against society do they not even lose their lives? Are they, then, to bo allowed lo break tho laws of the Supreme Law-giver with impunity? Nol If there were no hell, of what use would it be trying to do good? What is to influence for good or evil and prevent us giving free scope to our passions and living as we like? Were tho cut«throat, murderer, adulterer and black* guard of every dye to got to heaven the same as tho good man? Our souls and our reason turn away from such a doctrine. If there be a heaven to re word tho good, there must be a hell to punish the wicked. Consider what sort of place hell is. It is defined of all the depriva on of all good, and the existence of all evil leased Job describes it as a land of misery, id darkness without any order, in which rcrlasting horror dwells. Isaiah describes as a land of everlasting burning, and od himself in the words of the text describes \- as a place of everlasting fire. We ( .know tho nature of fire. We are familiar ith it in its different forms. No one c all tbe gold of. Australia, the diamonds d precious stones of Sooth Africa, or the ealfcb of tbo whole world could bold bia iger io a common gas jot for five minutes itbout flinching. And yet people do not fear the lake of fire and brimstone which tms for eternity. People will laugh and ,ke and swear about hell. Many try to coo* do themselves with tbe idea that as hell i« ko a fiery furnace it won’t last long. But, as tho fire of hell will ever burn, and the damned in hell will never die. They will ve in that place of torment for ever. Hell To the human mind is an awful mystery. Our blessed Lord tells us that tbo damned are salted with fire. They are preserved by fire as we preserve meat. Fire is on all sides of them. It enters into their very vitals. And yet people do not fear hell. The souls in holl will bo tormented in proportion to tbo number of their sins. Now, some people seem to think it will bo tbo same, m hell no matter how many sins a person commits. It will not. A yforsou may be condemned, and will bo condemned for one grievous sin—tbo rebel angels were damned for only one sin—bat their torments will boe in proportion to their number and gravity, The damned will suffer special torments in the senses which led to their damnation. In tbe parable of Lazarus and Dives we read that Dives feasted sumptuously every day, and that Lazarus was reduced to begging, oven for tbe orambs which fell from Dives's table, and was refused. Both came to die as all bad to, rich and poor alike, and we road that as soon as the soul of poor Lazarus left bis body it was earned by angels to Abraham’s bosom— heaven at this time was shut 'against tbo human race—and the soul of Dives was buried in hell. Raising up his eye from bis bed of tormont be saw Lazarus, and ho oriod out, “0, Father, Abraham, send Lazarus to mo with one drop of water to cool my burn ing tongue. ” They all knew what a frightful thing thirst was, and oh 1 if they suffered merely from a natural thirst bow muob' alleviation would a drop give them. Would they not at least ask for a cupful. Dives has now been asking for that drop of water for 1800 years, but as long as God is God he will never get it. There is no alleviation of suffering io boll. Ob the folly and blindness of men who will not fear hell. Oh, what will bo the punishment of the drunkard in hell? What are we to think of the Catholic men who hanker only after the riches of this world? But worse than tbe pain of hell is the acosa of loss. We-cannot understand it 'in this mortal life—not till the soul rushes forward to moot its God, and, oh! perhaps to bo hurled into hell. Down it goes, bring ing with it a sense of tbe loss of the God it was created to adore and to enjoy a sense of the happiness of the angels and of heaven. The knowledge and the remorse that it has lost all this through its own fault will .be tbo.greatest torment of hell. This worm of remorse will never die; it will gnaw at tbo heart of tbo poor lost soul “ Ob, if 1 had only gone lo confession I might now bo happy for over,” will wail one poor sinner, or “ When I wont if 1 bad not kept back a sin through pndo and, oh! now to have my pride trampled on for over by all tbe demons in hell, 1 might now be with my God. Oh why did 1 not take tbo pledge and keep it, and I would not be suffering the most awful thirst of hell for ever more. Ob, why did I not give up tbo company of that bad woman and those occasions of sin? Oh, it I bad only gone to Mass every Sunday, apd had not missed once through ray own fault 1 Ob, why did 1 oat meat on Friday and break tbe laws of my oburoh, and bring myself to this awful place of when X tnight.be happy for ever in Heaven.” We . should all entertain the greatest fear of hell, and then wo would have the greatest fear of sin, 