: tiKESc UNLIKE. Br as. s. Bii&Dsoir.; Author of 'Lady AUDLEY'e Sich&t;,' ' Wylljjtd'» Weied,' Etc., Ktc. Tim Bight of Tbaxm.ation ib Ueserved CHAPTER XXIII.— ON THE TEHUACE. It look Mrs Baddrlcr tt coEsMemble timu to transform herself from Pik Wolfintrton to a lmiy o£ Die period. The cmiccrt iras over in Regent Terrace vhtn the Eister6 arrived. Patii uad sunn and departed, nu.i n sir am of smart prople were flowing out of the loft v hall on their way to dances ; but llif plcasantcst feature of Ladv Glandori:'e narlies was the lamnlit t^rram* wlnw hi r ladyship's gucet6 eaunlcrcd up and down, or fiat about in friendly grouj'6 among groves of palniE and p* ramire of flowers, ini.i lint, mil to a lmid Bltitioned at the end of tlie (? rrac'. Whatever band was best and most fasliiun able vois to bo heard «t Lady Ulnudorr's; and the change from the biiJliniil rooms and operatic music, the crowd, nnd Hi. -lazelc oE the house, to this cool religion of l-a]ms and flo\vu-s and lampions clustering among the greenerv, and Japam6J umbrella canopies, and little tables provided with strawberries and cream, and talk, and flirta tion, and iced drinks, and stirring national melodies, was a change that de'igutcd every body. And there, across the shadowy park, dense bulk'of Abbey and Sinatc House ; th.; place where tJie dead, who Beein w- gjv.it. are lying ; and the place where the mj laiK incmselveB into tame and immor tality. There were mnny people in London who preferred Lady' Glandore's terrace to the Cored and loitered there between- lamplight and shadow, strolling up and down, or lean ing on the balustrade, drenmilv contempla tive of that dark bulk of towers and roofs, touched here and there -ritfi points of vivid light. Mrs Baddcle.v was neither dreamy nor contemplative, and the only iileaB llie AWrcv or the Senate House awakened in her mind werethatdeathiu anv form, even when elori ficd in marble, was an inevitable nuisance, and that politics were perhaps a still gren'er Irare. She was of the earth, earthy, on.l always made the most of the present moment. She speedily took possession of one of the strawberry-and-cn am tables, and had a elnsrcr of admirers about her, whom she sent on errands to the pupper-rooin. 11 1 am going to f righU n you all bv eating a most prodigious supper,' she cried. ' IS. - member, 1 Imvc been noting coined v and traRrdy, laughing and cr.-iiig,an-tloving-nil suffering, for three houre. and have hod nothing but one poorliule split and a lea spoonful of brandy. 1 am on t he verge of exhaustion, bo now feed me, coo.l people. What, is thai you. Beeching ?- she cried, as n dark figure and an - xpanse of shirt-front, rose up in the shadow of a neighboring palm, like the ghost in ihe '-Coraican Brothers.' '? 1 did not think I should see you here to-night. How did vou like my Peg?' She was lifting a champagne tumbler to her rosv lips as she spoke, and Ueccbing thought she was alluding to some liarticular order of drink. ' How did you like the* plav ? and— mv gowns?'- she tajd.impatientl.-. ' ' I suppose it was all very tine, but I aint much of a judge of anything but a bur lesque.' 'Oh, but I hope I ma-.lo jon crv.' said Mrs Baddclc , attacking a plateful of delicacies, which a practical admirer lial collected for hcr/foi- dc-grat, chicken, lobster salad, all on I he annic plum. ' It saves bo much lime.' he said ; ' and you don't seem to be eating so much,' to which Leo laughingly agreed. ' W hen 1 have finished my supper 1 mean to wallow in strawberries and crrom for the rest of the evening,' she said, with frank vulgarity ; ''and you will all have lo amuse me. I am much too exhausted to do anv talking m;. self.' 'Then I'm afraid you must he at death's door,' retorted Beeching. *' Good gracious'1 cried Leo, starting up suddenly and looking about her. ' Have you dropjied anything ?' cried a chorus of a^mirere. 'Your fan ? vour handkerchitf ?' ' KO, it's my sister. I'm chaperoning Irer. don't you know, poor voung thing, and I Invent seen her since we li ft [i he cloak room,' 11 Oh, she's ^uitc safe,' said Beccliing. in bis slow eullcn voice. I saw her at the other end of the terrace — the itork end— looking at the view— with St. Austell.' 'I'm afraid I ought to go and look them up presently,' said Mrs Baddelc*'. pushing away her plate with a sigh of ea'tigfaeiion : 'and now. you dear good Colonel, -ou ma-.' go and get me some cream, anil things, whatever looks nicest. You are such a goo I caterer. St. Austell is a cVar fellow, hut it's unlucky he has made himself such a bad reputation.' '1 don't think he took much trouble about it,' answt red Beeching. ' I fancv it came naturally.' ' Such a pity,' sighed Leo. ' He is so handsome — and riietinguisbe ?' — nnd clever ? so altogether nite' — as if the last word ix preBgcd supreme merit — '-and vet pioi-le will talk about him, and it's almost danger ous for a youig niarriud woman to be civil ' You are not afraid, I lio\'snM Mr Mount - oessiug, a man aliout town, who was vorv dcvoleil lo Mrs Barldelev, but win) had never imperilled his peace of ii'ind or depleted his purse for any woman living, ' You are un ?' Oh, 1 don't co°iintT' 1 am a Bohemian of the Bohemians. I make no distinctions. 1 know so thoroughly well how io take care of myself.' saiil Ijcu, devouring an iei-d ?? Upon my word I believe vou .!o.' said Mr Itcechiug. to which the cliorus agreed ' But my EiBteris younger than 1 am ami knows very little of tin; world, an.l ouciit to be looked after,' said L'O, attacking a jiine apple cream. ' Xot n'.url'' so good :u* the B mtttc, Colonel ?, \ ou choult\ have brou'lil me more of the suu'ffie. = 'And MrsUelfleld has not the advantage -if a husband iuludia,' said Colonel Cm te.ell. *: No. indeed, poor tbiug V agreed Leo. ' A neglectful husband at home it not nearly so great a protection for a wifeasaikar kind fellow in India, toiling for one under a tropical 6un.' ' So touching !' said tbeColonel. There were fewer lamps and Kss people at that end of the terrace where Helen leaned against the stone lnlustra-.li-. Jookin' »=ross the low level [«-rk. n-iili its' loirs of lamps, like 6tringG of j.-wels hangiug acroet Gothic pinnacles and dark wall-, pierced with spots of light. St. Austell was by her tide. They ha:l been in the name spot for marlv an'hour. Tlv;y had talked of manv tilings, 'bciiinnin' in the lifhUit strain. Hi-len intc'iidine that there J-iiiould be onl-. lh.: lighten t.flk be tween them that nijiUt. eucli ta.Hi as all ilie world might hear. Yet the- had cirifte I flomehow from gaiet ?.- to s^iiaunw ss. [mm niricsttalk of thdr neighbors to tenier. -? lalk of tbemselvL's— ami from s-riousness they hftd laiised into silence. She leaned lar cliin upon her hand j.Mr.ing at the distant Abbey, with eyis diimned bv tears ; but it was not the a^s.icialionsof that solemn pile which moved her. It wns no thought of the dead hing there, or of all that the living had loft by ihe deal), of greatness. It was of h'r*clf and of her own Borrows she thouglit, and of the lover who stood hy her «(-1--, ami «h'6e lips ha.J luen pleading to her as never mortal lips had pleaded before, with a filvcrs- ilu'iucnc that, thrilled mil subjugated lies- -«»»? and her bouL What was that rough power, the imre force of a rigorous nature and a dominant will, by which Valentine ha 1 conquered ber allegiance and won her to him self, compared wiUi this ti-uder und spiritual charm, the fascination of a man creature coujuoum.'ed of tire acd Jight. rather than of gross '.-an by ^ubfctanees. She had never known what love meant b.fore tbis magical Tuice whisinrc.l in h,-r car b-fore tliis light hacd touched her em, uuil conquered at a touch. 'XUere are tears iu ; our «.-?«. IK1. n.' he said, trying gently lo nraw luw laee lo-.vardf bifi own. *' I know it. though 1 cacnol sei tbeni. Love, why me ;. ou er icg .' I u-il ^ ou Sg»in tbe gulf is not iiupiuiille, .yi giotj tnlngn are on Hie other side. V If your life were happy—if your fate were what it ought to be — I would not ask you — what I have asked to-night. But 1 have seen how you are ignored and nrgl' ct cd — 1 know how little tbire is to lose— while for me there is all to gain — and for ? ou— nt 1. ast :his much —to bo loved and honored and cherished as you di serve to b'-.' ' Honored ! Oh, how can .vou use that word ?' she Bald with n sob. ' Win should 1 not use it ? Do you think, dearest, if you wre to iiiakclbitisscriuccfor more for that sacrifice than for all else that islovel in ^ur nature ?' (To BE COKTIKDKD NEXT SATDHDAY). 