INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OP GRAFTON AND ARMIDALE.: The Right Eeverend Arthur Vincent Green, M.A. , LL.D., was formally installed as Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, at St. Peter's Cathedral, Armidale, on Tuesday in Whitsun Week. The weather was lovely, and the attendance at the ceremony very great. Great pains had been spent upon the decoration of the Cathedral, and the floral screen between the choir and the nave was especially admired. The clergy, about twenty in number, having assembled in the schoolroom, the procession started at half-past ten o'clock, some of the lay members of the Synod leading the way, followed by the Eev. Geo. Sowter, of Qiiirindi; carrying the cross, after whom came the choristers (bearing bannerettes), and the clergy in their robes. 'When opposite the vestry door the procession was joined by the Bishop, with whom were Archdeacon Ross, D.D., of Armidale, Archdeacon Greenway, of Grafton, the Bishop of Newcastle, the Rev. Septimus Hungerford, Incumbent of the parish, the Revs. Canon Sharp and A. Yarnold, chaplains to the Primate, Archdeacon White, of Newcastle, the Rev. W. J. Piddington, acting-chaplain to the Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, and the Rev. Canon Gbddard, chaplain to the Bishop of Newcastle. The whole body then moved on to the western entrance, chanting 'The Son of God goes forth to war,' led by a cornet-player, until on their entering the church the organ struck up. The service consisted of Matins, shortened form, intoned by the Rev. J. L. Wrenford. The Lessons were read by the Rev. E. Moberly and the Rev. W. J. Hirghill. The Administrator (Archdeacon Greenway) then read the mandate for the installation, and the Bishop produced the official certificate of his consecration, which he asked Archdeacon Ross to read. The Bishop then, standing at the altar steps, made the following declarations : — 'I, Arthur Vincent, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, do hereby promise to respect, maintain, and defend the rights, privileges, and liberties of this Cathedral Church and diocese, and to rule therein with truth, justice, and charity, not lording it over God's heritage, and endeavouring to show myself in all things an example to the flock, and this I will do, the Lord being my helper. Amen.' 'I, Arthur Vincent, Bishop of Grafton and Armidale, do hereby promise to accept as binding upon myself all rules, determinations, ordinances, and resolutions heretofore made, or hereafter to be made, by the General Synod of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and by the Synod of this diocese, and this I will do, the ; Lord being my helper. Amen.' '? These declarations having been made, the Administrator addressed the Bishop in the following terms : — 'On behalf of the Synod of Grafton and Armidale, I, Charles Capel Greenway, Administrator of this diocese, do hereby induct thee, Arthur Vincent Green, LL.D., into the occupation of the See of Grafton and Armidale, and into possession of the authority and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this diocese, in accordance with the acts and resolutions of the Synod. And I pray the Lord to be with thee.' The proper Collect for the occasion was then said by the Adminis trator, after which, taking the Bishop by the right hand, he conducted him to the chair, saying : ' By virtue of my office as Administrator I do install and enthrone thee in the possession, authority, and jurisdiction which pertain to the Bishop of this Cathedral Church of the diocese, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen. And the Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore. Amen.' The sermon was preached by the Bishop of Newcastle from 1 Thess. iii. 8 — 'For now we live, if ye stand fast in the Lord.' Referring to the Bishop's approaching work, he said there must be sympathy between every section and department if their new pastor was to be strong in organising and energising the Church. He did not know one officer so absolutely dependent upon his people as a bishop of Christ's Church, and it was impossible for him to give expression to his aims and ideas unless his people were sympathetic and responsive. They now had amongst them a bishop with full and splendid resources — a man with a brilliant reputation and scholarly attainments which were the pride of his University. To his stock of knowledge he had superadded information in later-day questions, so that he was thoroughly abreast of the times. He brought with him manhood in its youth- time, full of energy, elasticity of limb, and throbbing purpose. But a bishop risked a great deal in coming amongst fresh people, and must necessarily be dependent upon them for support. That congregation, he felt sure, would extend a very cordial welcome to their new pastor. The office for the Holy Communion was then said, and the Sacra ment was administered by the two Bishops and Archdeacons. The Bishop was afterwards entertained at luncheon by the directors of the new proprietary-school, which he had promised to open. Mr. F. B,. White occupied the chair, and there were about one hundred and fifty guests. The Bishop, in response to the toast proposing his health, expressed his gratification that the first function he should have to perform was in connection with education. He had always been more or less connected with education in the sister colony. The Bishop met with a warm reception in the large hall when he formally declared the school open. He said that all down the ages the Church had been concerned with truth — the full-orbed truth — and she cared very much that her sons should come to her with learning in a secular as well as a sacred sense. They had only to look at the splendid chronicles of history to see what the English Church had been in scholarship and knowledge. Please God the day when the Church should be dissevered from truth and knowledge should never come ; and that was what they were bearing witness to that afterrioon. There was no true education when religion was excluded; tms was our danger in the varied education of the day. With the enlargement of the curriculum there was danger of losing in quality what they gained in quantity ; and they must remember that it was thoroughness of learning which gave a school the tone of scholarship, and produced true and worthy scholars. The same evening the Bishop preached at the Cathedral from Philipp. iii. 13 and 14 — 'This one thing I do.' He said the temper of the apostle in using Lhese words was the temper of the Christian Church to-day. Men talked of the difficulties which surrounded the future of the Church, but faith in the Lord Jesus Christ was the one thing, and the one thing only, which would save them. If they were to be true to their own selves they must not entertain this paralysing conviction, this whisper, that their part was complete, and their use fulness exhausted. Voltaire, in a luckless moment for himself andhis reputation, indulged in the prophesy that 100 years hence Christianity would be but a name ; but still where the world's concourse was the greatest there rose the spires which pointed to heaven in all the hurry, and din of modern life. There was but one thing, and that was the teaching of the Son of Man, and only one solution for the woes of life, which lay;in the comforts of faith in Christ. If they could only be true to themselves and their Master ; if only the Church in these critical years of unrest and social change would be like the runner who stretched forward to what was before ; if she would dwell in the invincible conviction that her course was not yet half run — there would be given to her on high a new power of life and light. This was doubly true in a land such as this, where there was no nobler work for Christian activity than in laying down the lines for a young nation whose moral mood was fresh and elastic. Let them be brave of heart, as that day they turned over a new page of their diocesan story, and so in God's good time they would reach their goal. Adelaide. — The second session of the second Synod was opened on April 23rd. Alluding to the day (St. George's), the president said that they could not afford to lose the closest of touch with England in either Church or State. St. George's Day drew their thoughts homeward, and kindled inspiring recollections of some of the noblest days of England's past. The old legend reminded them of the splendour of every victory over evil, and that each man becomes a helper of others in proportion to the firmness with which he himself resists and overcomes sin. According to his usual plan, the Bishop arranged the different sections of his address under headings taken from the petitions of the first part of the Lord's Prayer. Under spiritual sustenance ('Our Daily Bread') he asked: 'Are we, the Churches, adequately giving it ?' Our primary schools are a protest against the omission of the religious element from education. There was great need of catechetical classes and guilds of perseverance on the lines laid down by Mgr. Dupanloup. Under the heading, ' Our Debts,' he asked of the laity:. 'Do you know how patiently, without murmuring, many of the clergy are still bravely doing their work on most miserable stipends ? Do you realise how it often is in the oldest cures, and just when age and want of strength most incapacitate men from bearing their heaviest burdens, that many of our clergy have found their incomes at the lowest, and how precluded they are from either appealing for themselves or making other . provision for their wives and families? Laymen often complain that clergy are not at once provided for work that needs to be done ; but they fail to realise that the Church has a true claim upon them for the mainten ance in a suitable manner of her ministry. Is it useless to invite you to consider what you may do to improve the present state of things ? Reckon the matter as one of debt to the Church, and see whether by united action you can give a lead to the laity of Australia.' - A society, called the '.' South Australian Laymen's Church . Union,' has been started in Adelaide with the sanction of the Bishop. Its objects are *' the spread of information regarding the Church, her doctrine and ritual — (a) By the provision and distribu tion, of books, tracts, and other literature, (b) By providing lectures and papers on Church subjects, and stimulating discussion thereon, (c) By rendering personal assistance when required, (d) By render ing practical assistance in the promotion and maintenance of a reverent ritual wherever and whenever the parish priest is desirous of such assistance.' Members must be communicants obeying the rubric as to the minimum number of communions in the year; asso ciates are to be communicants under the age of eighteen. Goulbubn. — The Rev. D'Arcy Irvine, Incumbent of St. Nicholas', has died of a tumour, on 4th ult., aged 72. The deceased clergyman was a good scholar and theologian, an M.A. (ad eundem) of Oxford, and D.D. of Trinity College, Dublin, 1891. He was fpr some time examining chaplain to Bishop Stuart, of Waiapu, and afterwards to - the late Bishop of Goulburn. He leaves a widow and ten children. The parishioners of St. Nicholas1 have memorialised the Bishop in favour of the appointment to the living of the Rev. Canon Spenser, of Bega. Newcastle.— The Rev. F. D. Bode has been appointed Archdeacon of the Eastern Division of this diocese. New Zealand: Wellington.— The vacant bishopric has been offered to Canon Jacobs, of Portsea; Canon Clarke, of Dewsbury; and Canon Danks, of Bichmond; but has been declined by all. At present, the names of the Rev. J. J. Lias, of Suffolk, and the Eev. J. Taylor Evans, of Bolton, Lancashire, are spoken of. The Church News honestly and sincerely deprecates the line adopted by the diocese in sending to England for a bishop. He trusts that even now the diocese may find a New Zealand priest, of colonial experience, to fill the vacant throne, yithout sending for a stranger who would have all to learn, and none to. teach him. Tasmania. — Mrs. Barkway, wife of the Rev. A. Barkway, died sud denly in St. Paul's Church, Launceston, on Sunday, the 27th ult., while her husband was conducting the morning service. Mr. Barkway, though apprised of his wife's illness, was not informed of her death till the conclusion of the service. The deceased lady was a daughter of Mr. Wilmore, of ' Longford, and had lived 30 years in St. Paul's Parish. It is expected that the missioners from England will begin their work at Hobart in the Cathedral on Friday evening, 15th inst. 