TILE GHOST DANCE. The Ghost Dance has seldom been wit nessed by a white man, but an American paper describes one df them as seen from a distance by an enterprising contributor, who persuaded a friendly half breed to take him to the spot. The camp in question was situ ated in a hollow between a narrow belt of hills. 'lManyL f the Sioux are farmers and freighters, anu their waggons were corralled in the middle of the valley. Some of the older braves and squaws, who have never reconciled themselves to modern wars, had tents apart. The oxen, pigs, and poultry were cooped or tethered on the outskirts of the camp. The dance began at_-dark, and though the old squaws had carefully raked out the fires, a blaze arising from them now and then revealed the fact that the braves .wcce.irmf ?U:l.sLiauint. _' he warriors formed in rows at' thle easter end of me camp, those in front kneeling; w.ith the young 'bucks and squaws standing behind them. At this point there was a pause of about ten minutes, during which perfect silence and absolute immobility prevailed. Then the old squaws joined hands and knelt down in the centre of the valley. They began chant ing What sounded like idirge, varied by savagely triumphant yells: The warriors advanced, and joining hands in a larger circle behind the old squaws, they began the Ghost Dance. They, too, chanted a dirge, but less'shrilly than the squaws, and then came the invocation to the dead braves to arise and exterminate the whlite man. The old women, meanwhile, had each procured a burning stick that had apparently been dipped in some kind of pitch. Rcturning with these, they stole like slhadows undier the linked arins of the warriors, and passed through the circle like a procession of sphiinxes. This was repeated again and again, and it is said that the dance lasts till daylight, when every one conceined in it is more or lese exlhausted. An English Billion of seconds has not elapsed since the world began. No matter swhat tsheir daily cares, parents shoiild til l time to take their children upon their knees, and caress thoem with kind words and tender tnelhes. 