€ntmb0e Ice. Zoo. Hot. Yachts. Cricket. Sarcasm. Aquatics. Cyclorama. Sour grapes. Savage fight. Rise in wool. More statuary. Corbett deified. Brutal bruisers. Central, S.954 oz. Block 14, 7,661 oz. Junction, 6,824 oz. Rain at Broken HilL Sturdy independence. Continentals to-night. Modest man flattered. Well spoken. Professor. Napoleon's Ghost to-night. Sixpence return to Glenelg. Squatters cheering up a bit. Praise for Professor Lowrie. Wretched wicket in Sydney. Mr. John Dunn seriously ill. Veteran Genpral Wilby dead. Alderman Tucker to the fore. Is Councillor Johnson jealous ? * Y.P.S.C.E. meetings to-night. Corbett is by birth an Irishman. Barometer at 11 o'clock to-day. Promising rainB at places inland. American "sports"in high spirits. " Storm and Sunshine" at the Royal. The big fight only lasted nine minutes. Bazaar at North Adelaide on Tuesday. Charles Mitchell ought to fight no more. Grand day for the hills and the seaaide. " Obsoure municipality." ThAt'e petty. Come, Professor Lowrie, think better o'fc. Adelaide Club Cycling Road Race to-day. Port Adelaide Institute in an enviable position. Grange and Henley Beaoh sports this afternoon. " Every inch a man, a scholar, and a gentleman." Kensington Oval — Hindmarsh v. North Adelaide. Official report of National Defence League on pageo. Complimentary benefit to Mr. W. Bentley on Friday. The strictest attention to pleuro-pneumonia demanded. Another scheme forcarryiBg off the silt from the Torrgns. Professor Lowrie's farming eritlos can't teach him much. Nominations for the Onkaparinga Baoe Meeting on page 6. Miss Ada Crossley to be tendered a com- " plimentary concert. Horticultural and FJorionltural Hints for February on page 6. • The Kaiser delighting to honour Bismarck. What's in the wind ? The City Council talked a lot and did very little work yesterday. Sir John defending the upright^ able, and fearless Civil servants. Mayor Willoox in his dement yesterday in cutting down expenses. Adelaide Ovid—Norwood v. Austral, Ade-' laide v. South Adelaide. Eighty-first dividend of Is. of B. H. P. Oo. payable on February 14. Sir J. W. Downer made things very warm for hie former lieutenant. The boa constrictor has taken ia two rabbits to keep the rug company. Miserable attempt te place the heel on the neok of tke Civil servants. The brewer's advice wasn't wanted; hit beer would have gone down. Foundation-stone of St Mary's Hall, st Glenelg, to be laid to-morrow. City Councillors do not caxs to play second fiddle to the Port Corporation. Federation and intercolonial free trade supported by the Defence League. Professor Lowrie had a splendid hit a! his chief critic—fair above the belt. President Cleveland wants an apology from Mr. Sandford B. Dote, of Hawaii When society attaint perfeok moral health, the pugilist will be an extinot aiumaL Sun rose at. 5.17 a.m., sets at 7.10 p.m.- Moon set at 11 a.m., rises at 10l34 p.m. The North Adelaide High Sohool offers two tree scholarships, tenable for two years. Many National Defence Leaguen can't conceal their partiality for a properly tax. Ignorant, selfish, • and iil- mannered politicians would destroy all chanoee of suocess ia State Socialism. The Professor of Agriculture has no sympathy with those of his critics who know little or nothing of farming. How to nominate your candidate at a big meeting—Mr. Chairman—Sir—I beg to nominate that gentleman staudin' behind you, Sir; the one with 'is 'airstandin* on end. Young man—"Do yon .think your sister would hate to marry and leave you?" The Terror—"Oh, yes. She said she would have married long ago if it hadn't been forme." 1 An Alderman who came from an obaoure Municipality, and who had had his vanity flattered by a newspaper reporter," That's the new J.P. Councillor Johnson on Alderman Tucker. 