THE ODDFELLOWS' CONFERENCE. NOTES AND COMMENTS. The A.M.C. of the M. U.I.O.O.F. of Victoria, which has been sitting at Stawell during the week, has concluded its labors, and the result of its deliberations are being freely discussed, not only by the members of that order, but by many people interested in friendly societies generally, for the benefit of the uninitiated, it should be explained that the mysterious letters A.M.C. indicate the Annual Movable Committee, or, in other words, the Annual Conference of Grand Ofliccrs and De puties from the various districts, who, in turn, represent the different lodges all over the colony. It will thus be seen tlmt the gathering is an important one—a sort of miniature Parliament, at which all matters affecting the main principles of the order are dealt with. Stawetx.—Stawell, thetownship in which the conference was held, appears to have been hav ing finite a conference boom at the present time. A conference was held there two or three weeks back, the M.U. has inst finished, and now there is to be another one there in a week of two. Perhaps the fact of its being, as the mayor (Mr. .1.15. Burton, M.L. A.) said, a regular hotbed of Oddfellowism might have something to do with the fact of so many gatherings being held there. The worthy mayor informed the deputies that out of a population of under 5,000 over 500 of the inhabitants were couueeted with one or another order of Oddfellows. Like most of the old mining towns, Stawell has its traditions and ghost stories. Some of the stories of its early history as related by the " oldest inhabitant" were of such a remarkable character that the Ueaver would be certain the narrator was romancing were it not for the fact that other old Stawellites are to be found ready to stake any money as to their truthfulness. Some people tell yarns so frequently that at length they really begin to believe themselves that they are true. However, some of the stories of Stawell are so thrilling and romantic that it would be a pity to try and throw dis credit upon them. The picturesque township, with its crooked streets, is situated near Lhe Grampians, on the intercolonial railway be tween Melbourne and Adelaide. Prom the top of Big Hill, which is situatedjat the end of the main street, it is stated that a splendid view of the surrounding country for miles can be ob tained on a fine day. The prospect, as seen through a drenching shower of rain, can be de scribed by four of the Bendigo deputies. On Wednesday afternoon they ventured to the top, the weather being delightfully fine when they started, but just as they reached the summit oue of those heavy showers of rain that during the .veek had a most annoying fashion of sud denly coming up, occurred, and before the sight seers could rcgainsheltcr they were wet through. Tim Order and the Existing Deiuies . sins.—Perhaps the most important matter that cropped up during the conference was oue arising.out of the great depression that for the past year or two has existed in the colonies. During the year the secessions reached the abnormal number of 7G4 members. This diminution certainly could not be attributed to any decline of confidence in the stability of the order, and was plainly attributable to the fact that owing to the protracted depression and the consequent want of employment some of the members, especially in the metropolitan dis trict, found it a matter of impossibility to con tinue paying their subscriptions, and thus fell out of the list of financial members. As Eome of these unfortunate persons had been earnest and loyal supporters of the order for years it was regarded as a matter of sincere regret on account of themselves and families, as well as for the order as a whole, that they should be compelled to sever their connection with their lodges, and it was felt that it was absolutely necessary to devise some scheme whereby these members could continue their connec tion with the order. But how- was this to be accomplishedThat was the question which had sorely troubled the minds of the grand officers and board of direc tors. They recommended the attention of districts and lodges pointedly to tho provisions of General Rules 30 and 01 (b), as they considered it competent for the relief or management fund to be used for the purpose of advancing money to keep deserving members good on the books. Deputy Woodhousc con sidered that there was nothing new in the recom mendation, and it was quite inadequate to meet the case. Besides, where was the money to come from ? Some of the members now found it a struggle to keep themselves financial on the books, and how could they be expected 10 pay for those vho had been unable to keep up their subscriptions ? He suggested a scheme whereby, under certain restrictions, such as making a statutory declaration that he was unable to keep up his subscriptions, a member would be entitled to 12 months' benefits free. "Deputy M'( 1 owan considered that there was no uecessit3' for special legislation; the existing laws were quite sufficient to deal with the mat ter. Various suggestions were made, but even ju,; Uy matters were allowed to remain as they A QrP&Tios; ok ReiTvESKntatio.v.—XJie ques tion of the' .representation of the various dis tricU at th': A.JI.C. meetings has been a troublesome o*'ie each conference since four or five years when the Port Phillip district in their iuix'Wf-y to curtail the repre sentation ofUeudi^o u'ld other country districts were caught in their o»'u lleI-) and had the num ber of their own representatives reduced by nearly one-half. The subject was again brought forward on Tuesday, when a proposal by the Port Phillip district to amend general ruin 9(b) wis reached on the business paper. To the surprise of most of the deputies, Deputy Tatuell, one of the representatives for that dis trict, rose and asked permission to withdraw the proposal. The necessary permission was given, but subsequently the Port Fairy district brough forward a similar proposal. Deputy Houghton informed the meeting that the pro posal had only been agreed to by the district meeting by one vote. However, the majority had to rule, and it was his duty to bring the pro posal forward. Deputy .M'Go wan suggested that under the circumstances the proposal should be withdrawn. After over four hours' •diseussion the original proposal by Port Fairy was put to the meeting and lost by a large majority, so that the question is now hung up for another 12 months. Female Lodges.—Amongst several questions touched upon by the retiring G. M. Bro. Earle in his opening address was that of the establish ment of female lodges. He said—" The question of the establishment of female lodges of the M.U. has been settled by our parent society in EugUnd, and here in Victoria where female suffrage is becoming a tangible quantity in politics, it appears certain that tho society first introducing the innovation will surely gain an advantage that will render its position decidedly attractive and progressive. May I suggest immediate action in incorporating female lodges with our constitution ? I offer the idea to my worthy successor to work out." The remarks elicited some laughter, and the ; fi.M.-elect evidently did not relish tlie ide,a .of: working out such a question. '•* Truly a j •precious legacy to leave me," he remarked in a j not very appreciative tone. I The Bendioo Deputies.—The deputies from the Bendigo district were the popular Prov. C. S. Bro. S. H. M'Gowan, Bro. J. Tregear, P.P.G.M., and Bros. \V. H. Dennis, A. Waiigh, and H. E> Nicholls (Echuca), P.G.'s. As usual Bro. M'Gowan was by some tacit understanding elected leader a( the party, a position to which ■ his previous lengthy experience at A.M.C.'s adaDted hiiyu Tue New OrncEitS— liro. H. V. Hughes, the gentleman who was unanimously elected to the position of G.M. for the ensuing year, is a ■member of the Britannia Lodge, Melbourne, in the Port Phillip district. He has been con nected with the order for about 35 years and has frequently been elected one of the deputies to A.M.C's. During the past 12 months he worthily filled the posi tion of Deputy G.M., and there is no dGubt he will fill the higher position with credit to himself and satisfaction to the order. The D.G.M., Bro. W. P. Northcott, of the Peace and Plenty Lodge, Creswick, in the Ballarat dis trict, is also well known at the annual gather ings, having attended each oao, with one or two exceptions, for the last 12 years. His elec tion was a popular one. ' Bro. A. Ellis, the veteran treasurer, was re-elected. In lite election for board of directors for the ensuing year it will be seen by the following figures that Bcndigo's nominee stood pretty well on the poll:—Bros. J. H. Hunter, Stawell Lodge, 47 votes; A. Bawlings, Mitcham Lodge, 45; J. \V. Wood, Heart of Friendship Lodse, Castlemaine, 42; R. Murphy, Princess Alice Lodge,Hamilton, 41; J. Tregcar, Albert Lodge, Bcndigo, 39; J. Cleverdon, Victoria Lodge, Warniambool, 3S; A. Home, Good Samaritan Lodge, Collingwooil, 3G; T. Windsor, Gecloug Lodge, 38; J. Kvle, Bccchworfch Lodge, 2!) votes. 15.KTERTAiJr.ME.vr of Dkleoates.—The recep tion committee (Bros. S. Williamson, Bracken vagen, Hunter, Gray, I{ay, WhiUy, Trent, Bowden, Phillips and Withers}, with the mayor (Mr. J. B. Burton, M.L.A.) and councillors of Stawell, were most assiduous in their exertions lo promote the comfort and enjoyment of the visitor*. As soon as the conference opened on Tuesday, the mayor invited the grand officers and deputies to the council chambers, where they partook of light. refreshments, and the mayor extended a cordial welcome to the visitors to the town, JJr. Burton appeared to have taken a leaf out of our Bcndigo Dis trict Development Society's book, for lio was particularly anxious to impress on the visitors that the wines, beer, cordials, fruit, etc., of which they were partaking were u.!l produced in the district. In the evening the vinilors were entertained" by the district officers at a banquet in the town hall, and on Wednesday evening there was a bal! which was generally pronounced to bo one of the most enjoyable yet Jield ic J'be town, Just before the confercuce closed on Thursday afternoon the mayor en tered the room and announced that the council had decided not to impose the usual charges for the use of the hall ,iu which the conference had been held. The announcement was received with applause, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded the mayor and councillors for their kindness, on the motion of Deputy M'Gowan. In the afternoon the grand officers and depu ties, together with a number of friends, includ ing several ladies, were taken by special train to " the quarries," which are situated in the Grampians, about 12 or 15 miles from Stawell. On arrival at Ihe trysting place, near the foot of Mount Difficulty, one of the highest points in the neighborhood, it was found that the re ception committee had made ample provision for tho creature comforts of the visitors. A number of the younger members of the party essayed the task of climbing to the top of the mount, but the sides were so steep and the huge boulders so slippery that none accom plished the feat. The majority of the picnic kers contented themselves by roaming about the base of the mount in search of ferns and wild flowers, which were growing in rich profusion. Shortly before dark the return journey was made and the party reached Stawell in safety. On alighting from the. train the visitors gave three hearty cheers for the reception committee. During the afternoon a telegram was received from Mr. J. Sternberg expressing regret at his inability to be present at the gathering. In the evening, on the invitation of the newly elected G.M., Bro. Hughes, the deputies met at Miss. Kirwin's Commercial hotel, where a num ber of toasts suitable to the occasion were honored. Mr. Kinsella proposed the sentiment, " Success to the M.U.I.O.O.F. in Victoria," which was enthusiastically honored and re sponded to by the G.M. The majority of tlie grand ofiice-rs and depu ties returned to their respective homes by the early trains on Friday morning. 