Great Irishmen. JONATHAN SWIFT. From "Hours with Great Irishmen," by Justin Huntly M'Cartht. No. III. A dim stone upon the darkened wall of St. Patrick's Church in Dublin sums up in words at once cruelly bitter and profoundly melancholy the story of a great man's life That mouldering inscription, niched in high obscurity, which sometimes stray pil grims from across the seas strain their sight to decipher in the gloom, is the self uttered epitaph of Jonathan Swift. Hie depositum est corpus Jonathan Swift, S. T. P., Hujus ecclesice cathedralis Decani, TJbi sceva, indignatio Cor ulterius lacerare nequit. AM, viator, Et imitare si poteris Strenuwn pro virili libcrtatis vindicatorem. "Here resteth the body of Jonathan Swift, Dean of this Cathedral Church, where fierce indignation can vex his heart no longer. Go, traveller, imitate if thou canst a champion, strenuous to his utter most of liberty." A little way apart, shadowed by his name in death no less than in. life, lies Stella. The pale, dark-eyed child whose wide eyes filled with strange fire as they followed the poor and lonely scholar through stately Shene, or the prim rococo epicureanism of Moor Park, sleeps as she lived at her master's feet. She dedicated all the days of her life to Swift with a devotion which is well nigh without a, parallel in the history of woman's love for man. As we stand, awestruck and reverential in the quiet presence of the dead, our senses seem troubled by a haunting influence as. if a phantom, vague, veiled, impalpable, were flitting by us in the twilight air. It is the haunting influence of the secret of those two tortured lives, the secret that lies buried between their graves. Never, perhaps, before or since, has the ordinance of heaven brought two such entities together to play the part of the patron and the patronised as Sir William Temple and Jonathan. Swift. To Moor Park, trim, stately/formal, :a piece of not .displeasing sham classicism in the midst of the pleasant Snrrey hills and woods and waters. Sir William Temple; Baronet, and one tfcne Secretary of Shite, had betaken himself to rest his mind and bpdy from the ; ungrateful toils of'statecraft. Jfis mind lie soothed in an amiable and sufficiently facile commerce with the Latin muses, in a diplo matic assumption Of acquaintance with bewildering phrases of the Grecian Gram mar, which led him to ludicrousshipwreck over the Letters of Phalaris, and in the not ungraceful exercise of his wit in the compo sition of essays, "of which posterity still remembers at least the names. His body he solaced with the pippins of Shene and the peaches of his sunny walls, with philo sophic promenades between yew groves adorned with ' the busts of Pagan wisdom, with a deferential care of bin gout, and a .reverential eye to the precepts of the Ancients. To this well-meaning, pompous, blame less, periwigged pedant, the most eminently respectable medly of sense and nonsense that even his age produced, there came, in the later years of the dying seventeenth century, a young suppliant from Ireland, a penniless, remote -kinsmpn and patron seeker. His baronetship's most humble, obedient servant to command—and, unhap pily, his servant at times dedicated himself to the adoration of Temple in terms more complaisant, more servile than those—was Mr. Jonathan Swift, a young student from Dublin, with much wit, less learning, and infinitesimally little means. The great man was gracious. Ho received the dark, awkward young Irishman into his service; allowed him to drudgo for him, flatter him, fight his battles for him—most notably that immortal " Battle of the Books "— wait upon his humors, swallow his sonorous platitudes aud tinsol learning, and bo in most things, mental and physical, his decorous and dolightod slave. In return for so much homage the stranger wuh allottod some twenty pounds a year, a place at the servants' table, the run of the mis cellaneous agglomeration of literature which Temple called a library, and the compauionship of Hester Johnston. For the rest of bor life Hester Johnston— she was presumably, Indeed almost cer tainly, Sir William Temple's daughter devoted herself to Swift, There never wan in all the world, or out of it, in the illimit able kingdoms of fancy, a more famous pair of lovers than those two. Lelia and Mftjnun, Borneo and Juliet, Diarmuid and Grainno—repeat what names you please of famous lovers, tlrnt the fancies of poets have ever adorned by the Tigris or the Avon or the Blackwater, the names of Swift and Stella are to the full as famous, appeal no less keenly to heart and brain, to the imagination and to pity. Happy they were not, could not be. My mind always turns when I read of Swift and Stella to that luckless pair of lovers whom Dante saw in the third circle of hell, blown about for ever on the racking wind, and finding com fort through the lapse of eternal twilight in the companionship of their common doom. They, too—Swift and Stella—seem driven by the pitiless wind of fate ; they have fallen upon evil days; they are greatly gifted, noble, greatly unhappy; they are sustained by their strange, ex quisite friendship, by the community of genius, by a tender affection, which was out of tune with the time and with their troubled lives. So long as Stella lived, Swift was never alone. When she died he was alone till the end. I remember nothing in literature more profoundly melancholy than Swift's own eloquent tri bute to the memory of his dead wife, written in a room to which he has moved so that he may not see the light burning in the church windows, where the last l'ites are being prepared. The chief events of Swift's life may be mentioned weH nigh in a breath. He was born in Hoey's Alley, in Dublin, on Novem ber 30, 1667; his scholar days at Dublin University were days of poverty, of smoro ] senses of what those who thought them selves wise caUed, misapplication. He wrote and read what pleased him best, cultivating his genius, walking his own wild way whither it led him—and failed to get his degree. Then poverty compelled him, like most men of genius of his time, to seek a pati'on. Swift found him in Sir William Temple, a distant connection, by his marri age with delightful Dorothy Osborne, of Swift's mother. Sir William was affable enough, accepted Swift's services, and with Sir William for some ten years Swift lived in a decent bondage, broken now and then by fits of firey insubordination succeeded by humiliating self- surrender. It was during one of these revolts that Swift took orders. Like Hamlet, Swift lacked ad vancement. He had known the honor of half-intimacy with royalty, had trod the walks of Shene with William of Orange, and been instructed by the Dutch King in the Dutchman's method of cutting aspara gus, and had even been flattered with pro mises of royal favor. But when Sir William Temple died, aud the muses had duly mourned for the periwigged seven teenth century Roman, Swift found that his hopes from the king were vain. He prompted most fruitlessly the regal memory; then in despair he accepted the chaplaincy to Lord Berkeley, one of the Lords Justices of Ireland, and received the two livings of Laracor and Bathbeggiu, in the Diocese of Meath, worth jointly some two hundred and sixty pounds a year. To Ireland and to Swift in Ireland came over soon after Stella, with her companion, and friend, Mrs. Dingley. Stella's youth aud beauty and wit made her many friends, and won her many admirers. One gentle man, ihdeied, pressed her so hard to marry him that he came near to carrying his point. The friendship between Hester Johnston and Swift, however much the heart of eatsh may have throbbed with a warmer feeling, was in its form "only friend ship. , Even the scandalous tongue of a scandalous age recognised so much, and qpoke with a most nnmodish decorum and respect of him and. her. That she was in love with Swift it wopld be folly to doubt> but she seems to have once thought of marriage with her earnest and eager suitor. Swift, however, dreading the thought of losing her, while seeming to acquiesce in the proposed marriage, put so many in genious obstacles in the way that the match was broken off. Poor Stella! She might have been happier with that honest Irish gentleman, the companion of his quiet life, the sharer of his small ambitions, his partner in obscure content during life, and in the world's oblivion after death. But she could not escape from the spell of the curse of Swift's genius. Who now remem bers the name of her luckless lover or heeds where ho sleeps ? But the world will never forget Stella and her sorrows, or think of her without a pang. Suddenly Swift became famous. His writings have attracted attention in the great world of London. His destiny carries him there. He becomes the companion and counsellor of statesmen, of scholars and soldiers. He becomes the most remarkable man of an age of remarkable men. Of all the brilliant figures that crowd the court and the drawing-room of St. James' none is more brilliant than that of the Reverend Jonathan Swift, of Laracor, in the County of Meath, in Ireland. Out of that galaxy of genius and wit and statesmanship which has earned for the age of Anne the imperial epithet of Augustan, Swift shines like a kind of central sim, within whose orbit lesser luminaries circle. The poor Irish parson crosses St. George's Channel, and in a moment he takes the lead in that wonder ful London world, is recognised at once as the peer, and more than the peer, of Boling broke and Harley, of Pope and Arbuthnct and Gay, of Addison and Steele. Three names stand out conspicuously in English history during the age of Anne. The name of a statesman, the name of a poet, and the name of one who was both statesman and poet—Bolingbroke, Pope, and Swift. It is one of the fanciful amusements of the his torical student to speculate on the course which Bolingbroke might have run, and the fame he might have earned, if his career had been traced under happier aus pices, or if his life had been guided by more fortunate stars. As it is, Bolingbroke must be remembered as the politician whose schemes failed, and whose politibal career concluded at an age when, in our time, men would be thought almost premature in entering upon public life; as the adven turer, the plotter, clutching at the skirts of fortune; as the unlovely manufacturer of a false philosophy. Pope was famous in his /life, and his fame only increases with the widening generations. But neither the political genius of Bolingbroke nor the literary genius of Pope had the same in fluence upon their time and upon posterity as the genius of Jonathan Swift. That reign in London was Swift's sum mer. It was during this time that Swift wrote for Stella's eyes that immortal jour nal wherein,with more than the skill of the Egyptian embahner, the whole of that many colored fantastic age is preserved for us; wherein, too, we see something more of the heart and soul of Swift than we are ever privileged to find elsewhere. It was during this reign in London, also, that Swift for the second time made the com plete conquest of a woman's heart, and that Stella found her only rival. Yanessa is scarcely less famous than Stella. Poor Miss Vanhomrigh is yet more unhappy than Hester Johnston. There is no need to linger over that pitiable tragedy. It was Swift's fate to bring misfortune on those who loved him, and starcrossed Vanessa's last memory of Cadenus is of his raging eyes as he breaks in upon her in her retreat at Marley Abbey, near Colbridge, where the poor soul was cloistered amid her congregated laurels, flings in awful silence, on her table the letter she wrote in the anguish of her heart to Stella, and so mounts and rides furiously away out of her sight and put of her life for ever. ^ The world will always speculate as to which of the two women really won such affection as Swift had to offer. To my mind, Stella was the true star of his fife, and poor Vanessa's passion a flame he had never meant to kindle. Swiffs bright, resplendent rule in Lon don came to QT1 end with the crash of the Queen's death, and the utter rout and ruin of the Tory party. He returned to Ireland, to his Deanery of St. Patrick's, to write the " ©rapier's Letters," to belcome more famous in the laaid of his birth than he hail been in England,, to marry Stella in secret, to lose her and the'light of his life, to outlive her for seventeen years, and to die at last in 1745, the year of the Young Pretender, after five darkened years of disease, madness and decay, having outlived his genius, his friends, his love, a human ghost, a shadow's shadow. There is no greater and no sadder life in all the history of the last century. The matt himself was described in the very hours when he was most famous, most courted, most flattered, as the most un happy man on earth. Indeed he seems to have been most wretched; he certainly darkened the lives o? two women who were so unfortunate as to love lxim. But we forget the sadness of the personal life in the greatness of the public career. He was the. ardent champion of freedom; he was the g'ood friend of Ireland; he was always torn with "fierce indignation" against oppres sion and injustice. Thackeray, whose reading of the character of Swift is far too generally accepted, finds fault with the phrase, and blames somewhat bitterly the man who uses it, " as if," he says, " the wretch who lay under that stone waiting God's judgment had a right to be angry." But it is certain that Swift, from his own point of view, did feel a fierce indignation with all wrong doing, with all injustice, with all dishonesty. He was an erring man, but he had the right to be wrath with crimes of which he was not guilty. His ways were not always our ways, nor his thoughts our thoughts; but he walked his way such as it was courageously, and the temper of his thoughts was not unheroic. He was loyal to his leaders in adversity; he was true to his friends who were some times untrue to him ; his voice was always raised against oppression; he had the courage to Bpeak up for Ireland and her liberties in some of the darkest days in our history. To Thackeray he is only a "lonely guilty wretch," a bravo, and a bully, a man of genius employing that genius most evilly. To soberer and more sympathetic judgment, Thackeray's study of Swift is a cruel caricature. He may have been " miserrimus," but when G rattan appealed long after to the spirit of Swift be appealed to the memory of one of the truest champions of Ireland's rights and liberties that Ireland ever had. 