A CHRISTMAS EVE. Good fellows are langhing and drinking (To-night no heart should grieve), Bat I am of old days thinking, Alone, on Christmas Eve. Old memories fast aie springing To life again ,* old rhymes Once more in my brain are ringing— Ab, God be with old times! There never was man so lonely, Bnt ghosts walked him beside, For-Death oar spirits can only By veils of sense divide. If amberless ss the blades of GraBB in the fiel 1b that grow, Around ns hover the shades of The dead of long ago. Friends living, a word estranges. We smile, aud we Bay ' Adieu I’ Bnt, whatsoever else changes, Bead friends are faithful and trae. An old-time tone, or a flower, The simplest thing held dear In bygone days, has the power Once more to bring them nesr. And, whether it be through thinking Of memories sad and sweet Or hearing the cheery clinking Of glasses across the street 1 know not; hut this is certain that, here in the dusk, I view like shadows seen through a curtain, The shades of the friends 1 knew. Methinks that I hear their laughter— An echo1 of ghostly mirih, As if in the dim Hereafter They jest as they did on earth. The fancy possibly droll is, And yet it relieves my mind To think the enfranchised soul is So hnmoronsly inclined. Bat some of the shades, that palely Slimmer h«re in the dusk. Still dwell, and meBeems right gaily, On earth in a fieBhy husk. The cry of soul nnto soul bath A force to break all bars, And the same, and no 1p.»b, control hath From here to the furthest stars. Bnt hark 1 whose steps in the g ancing Moonbeams are these I hear. That sound as if timed to dancing Music of gallant cheer 1 W-l* Galahad, half Bon Juan, His head fall of wild romance; 'Twas thus that of old wonld Sprnhan Come lilting "We met by chance." There never was spirit lighter = Of heart quaffed mountain dew; Never was goblin brighter ' That Oberon’s kingdom knew. And though at this season yearly : I miss the grasp of his hand, I know that Spruhan has merely Gone back to Fairyland. **»**•« Iha years roll hack aa I poise in : Spirit ’twixt Now and Then, And I am once more with the Boys in ' The house of oar Man of Men. Down unto utmost zero Compared with him others ran^ Our Brigand, Apostle, Hero, Captain Maguire McCann. Once more with my hair half-rising, I hear him the story tell Of the riot superb, surprising On hoard of the South Sea Belle. Of how, when she went sag-rigging (Aa ships will when no man steers), He stood in the w<-ather-rigging And blazed at the mutineers. Oh 1 it wss great to hear him Lie—for his lies were good ; To ns they did more endear him Than ever his virtues could. Kevar sight finer man did Bed than when, reaching down His sword, he’d ray— ‘ Single-handed Thus I took Fredericktown!” To look at his black eyes flashing His beard on end with ire, Ton wonld fancy you heard swords clashing, And the sound of musketry fire. No pirate, on land or water, Ton’d swear; no kind of man Had ever such hanger for slasghter As Captain Maguire McCann. Yet, withal, his heart was as tender Aa Finn’s (the fierce Anarchist), Who wished, in a burst of splendonr, , The world to cease to exist; Terrible, deadly, ghastly. The threats were that Finn wonld hurl At all things—and he was vastly More soft-heaited than a girl. The Shades grow dimmer and dimmer, . AH now they fade from view, 1 see in the East the glimmer Of dawn. Old friends, Adieu I Bitting here, lonely hearted, Wilting these random rhymes, I drink to tke day* departed, Ah) God be with old times I -Yicro* J. Dmt» 