IERE AND THEXR1 Br Joar PEEavsaeBrt. Humble carrier as I am, I iead a good deal. It's a way 1 have of spending a " pleasant Sunday afternoon." Suits me. better than listening to other people's opinions as to what is or is ,not innocent amusement. I light ly pipe, I draw my whiffs of smoke, and I also draw my own conculusions without waiting for the rev. this or the learned that to jog my faculties. You can get over a lot of stiles in the lane of life this way if you only put the right foot foremost. I read strange things, too. Therefore I was not surprised to read in an English paper the other day that the market prices for wives at a place called Croydon was fouroence a piece. That is to say, the actual coin was not handed over, but it is on record in the local police court that an Italian musician, well known in itinerant circles, feeling thirsty, sold the partnerof his joys and sorrows for a pot of four penny beer. A further offer for his monkey, - when the contents of the pot had vanished, he declined, on the ground that he was no longer thirsty. The paper I read gave no information as to what became of the purchased wife or the man who bought. It only shows-as a disagree able friend of mine once said-the ex travagant lengths to whichl sidme inen will go in the matrimonial line. No ex pense is too heavyfor them. I men tioned the matter to Dot, but sheade clined to believe the story. ",Too much of the flavor of beer aboutit for'me, John." Some women are incredulous. : , There are funny people ti this world. The cables from home told the story the other day of. how some rich gentleman, named Hall, had bought Cumntrr-house, in Warwickshire, from sthe Earl of Abingdon, as nnhistorical mansion. He hadn't much in the way of his own ancestors, and wanted to rig up a show of others. There were suite of armor about the place, and dusty passages, and what was more, the ghost of Amy Rolsart, the wife of Elizabeth's Earl of Leicester, was supposed to haunt the place. I can't say that I care about these ghostly ideas myself, bru: every one to his tastes. In these spirit ualistic "astral" days Amy Rolsart in the spirit might be as well worth meeting as shalto was in the flesh. But so far as Mr Hall was concerned, Amy was obdurate. She declined to wilk; the same as the theatrical ghost does sometimes. She wouldn't show in the morning or in the noonday, and as for midnight, it wasn't to hbe thought of. She had been pitched down a trap door once and wasn't going to try that game again. So Mr Hall went back on his bar. gain, and declines to pay the "noble earl" for his house, on the ground that, as the horso-dealers say, "it doesn't answer its warranty." Some people are never satisfied. Dot took one of my daughters to Sun day school last week. Sho is an bservant child. Looks at the address of a parcel before she takes it in, so to speak. So, when the teacher asked her what Daniel said to King Darius when he was pre sented to him, she replied, as readily as if she had been brought up in good Babylonish society- " Oh, King, live for ever !" Then, asked the teacher again, " What happened after this ?" Some children might have said that the king ordered Daniel to be tiken to a circus and given to the lion-tamer. Others might have got confused, and replied that he walked straight out into a furnace, and began to eat the grass waiting to be consumed in the oven. Others might have hinted that he was eaten of worms. I have read all these re plies as put into the mouths of children in this wonderful nine teenth century. But Dot the Second made no such answer, contenting herself with the assertion that !'iam mediately the King lived for ever." I attempted a slight remonstranceawith her when the incident was told to me, but she knocked the argumentative stuffing out of me with the words, "Well, daddy, how do you know lie isn't living now :." And, as a matter of fact, I don't. He may be embodied in the form of a Persian cat for all I am certain about. .1 saw a picture of Pharaoh the other day, and it's as like, about the eyes, to an old bullock of my acquaintance as one could imacine. Indeed in these days of spiritual inter changes, you never know what you'rd heaving earnest and thoughtful language at, let alone wallopping. "Did you," asked my newspaper friend the other dao, "read what Mr Justice Holroyd said about the story of the money-lender who not only gave his debtor time, but also gave him a L10-note for his poor little newly-born baby?" He paused for a second, like men of his sort do sometimes when brought face to face with a foolish question, and then said, " Well, John, I don't take quite the skeleton view of it that the judge ex pressed. It might be a trifle emaciated as a narrative, but it wasn't altogether what a late Premier would have styled ' too thin.' Tilere was some element of adipose tissue about it. In the days before my regeneration, John, I was gnashing may teeth in the outer darkness ofthepublic service. It was called the Civil Service then, John, as being more 'tony.' And in those days-oh my personifica tion of a perfectly pure parcel post--1 employed a money-lender to draw my salary, Not that it was hinconvneniently heavy, but an extra horse was sometimes wanted tobringit up to time. This duty was performed by the money-lender, and he was not too proud to charge a trifle for his work. Anylhow, he called it a ' trifle,' but, when it didn't turn up on the supper table just 'after the ball ' of. repayment was over, he used to be unpleasant. But, ore one occasioon. John, I met that trifle eater outside our business arrangement, and is a moment of intellectual halluci nation asked him for the friendly loan of a 'tenner.' It came, John, like the gentle dew from heaven, and what's more, John, when I asked what trifle' was due on it, hlie answered, ' Oh, no, this is an affair between two gentlemen.' Iii the eyes of some' people the lbones of this narrative: might rattle a bit, but it is true, Johln, for all that." "The constabularyj o@Yictorit are constitutionally imbitiotu.': remarked mny newspaper c~si6omr td me yestorday: "' No sooner dbesone see his name in the 'Gazette.' than he.believes the .time is close et hand.when he will put his baton on one side andtti-tk-up the waklkIg: stick of the Chief Commissioner. I always keep on the best terms with them, Jodh, because you never know in what character you may meet them. You may be told you're on the wrong sidi of the road by a ' point' one day, and asked the next why you ddn't clear your ground by a rabbit inspector. Nor is their ambition confined to this. 'Why should not a police station have a red lampl outside it, as well as a doctor's house ?' said Y24,226 to me the other day. And straightway he requisitioned for a case of crimson kerosene, so as to give a oroper tint to the" light outside the. station where is in charge of himself and another man, actuated by a still greater ambition even than his. I don't know whether ho got his crimson oil, but I'e no doubt that his name is down in the constabulary archives as aman.who would aspire to anything and face any danger. He's the sort bf man- somuchwantednowadayrs who would'serve a summons on an in trusive thistle without trembling, or con temiiplate..with, contempt an :open bar Some s'ific sttisticianas- the newspaper?s say - has. discovered that there are 272 known specimens of the' fly. WYhat's more, he has the cheek to publish his information. Miserable mis calculator. Why, I, poor John Peery bingle, carner, with a mortgaged van and onlyan equity of redemption on one of my horaos, can count more varieties than that. There are the horse-fly, the gad-fly, the blow-fly, the blue tailed.fly, the bush-picnic-fly, the railwav-atation-fly, the bald-headed man's fly, the walk-down-the-road.with you fly, the-stic-in-your-eye fly, the long-sermon fly, the wake-you-at-day light fly, tile dragon-fly, the spider-eating fly, the tent fly, the-, but, there, Lord bless you, 272 apecimens, Why, with all due deference to Mr Scientist, I can put him on to more than ten times that number of specimens in any square mile of Victorian territory, even including what poor old Stubba used to call a " gentlemanly corner allotment." 