CITY CYCLING CLUB. TO 'ISE EDITOR. Sme,--" Where ignorance is bliss 'tie folly Mt be wise," and so it would appear judging from the effusion appearing above the name of George Wilton in this day's issue of your journal. The writer leads off with the assertion that my statements were erratic. Will he kindly say in what sense they were erratic, as I maintain they are perfectly correct, and what he calls slurs are undoubted facts, however un wholesome they may be for the digestion of a few of our racing men who competed in the Tasmanian Championship at the Easter sports, in which the southern rider, Mr Hallam, fairly lost the field, winning by fully 50 or 60 yards. If this is not " donkey licking" in a mile scratch race then I don't know what is. I did not say that I considered it "absurd for the racing men to even think of aspiring to such a th;ng as entering for the Austral Wheel," for, considering this event is a handicap, I don't see that a racing man's aspirations need be very lofty for him to " think about entering," or even to enter; but what I said was " that it would be the height of absurdity, and also show sheer ignorance on the part of the com mittee, to send a representative to com pete in an unrepresentative race"' such as the "Austral Wheel Handicap" is, and to even suggest such a course of pro cedure, to my mind, shows an amount of ignorance really deplorable on the part of a person occupying the position of vice captain, and clearly demonstrates his urfitness for so important an office. As to Mr Wilton's statement that "all respon sible persons will bear him out" I should first of all like him to explain what he means by " all responsible persons," as I heard several remark that the form shown by Mr Stanwix was nothing more than that of a third-rate rider, and showed his inability of making even a "decent show" in first-class company-in a repre sentative race; and considering the fact that Mr Elliott, who I believe receives a start of something like 190yds from the Victorian scratch men in a two miles race, proved his superior, I do not see that we have so much to be proud of exactly. I'll admit Mr Stanwlx is a fairly good rider in third-rate come pany, but to think that he would have " the ghost of a show " pitted against the Victorian scratch men in a representative race is too amusing to think of seriounly. Notwithstanding the "struggle "' Mr Wilton promises, I certainly adhere to my belief that such an absurd proposition will not be carried by the committee ,, if it is even graced with a seconder I shall be very much surprised. Mr Wilton asks, " Why should Tasmania not be represented," and as he is evidently too dense to understand why I will again tell him, the simple reason being that the " Austral Wheel Handicap is not a representative race ; this fact in, itself ih, or should be, sufficient, for one holding a seat on the committee to understand, surely. Although Mr Wilton, in commencing his letter expressed the desire to reply to my statements, I can scarcely see that he accomplished his mission. Thanking you in anticipation,-Yours, etc., A MEINBER. [Should " Hub " think fit to reply his letter will be inserted, and the correspon dence closed.-ED.] 