AT THE BEEHIVE. MOSQUITO. The football season is again upon us. The different clubs are “giving note of dreadful preparation.” The barrackers, each club at its favorite pub., are begin- ning again to hear the sweet rounds of their own voices. They aro fixing up their president?, vice presents, their secretaries, (and, of course to be in tho fashion with almost every other two-halfpenny onto mittee or movement nowadays, their assistant secretaries) ; nor are they forget ting those supremely Important personage}, their u patrons,” A “ patron ” of a foot ball or cricket club is in modern slang a “tug” out of whom during tho course of tho year anything worth from a half-crown up to three or four guineas can-be cadged, or donated for trade or professional adver tising purposes. Ono of tho football clubs has, I see, the unique honor of owning u Chinaman ns one of its “ patrons.” It would bo enter taining to ask this “John”—his name is Ah Tie—what possessed him to throw away his money upon a club composed of strong, vigorous young fellows well able to pay for thoir own.amusements. I think I can hear Ah Tio explaining, “ You see ’em football fellow, him big lallakin. He get 'im drunk and in oo street knock-eo Ghinam down, and sometime satonee him (stones him). Now mo give 'em money to football club, football lallakin nosUoneo mo” In tho same club’s secretary’s teporb for tho past season there wore aUo several choice pieces of unconscious humor. Ho reported that the last season they had 173 subscribers who did pay their subrerip tims and 40 subscribers who took out ticko's and didn't pay. (Mark the sig nifiga-ico of tho number who didn’t stump up according to contract—“ The Forty Thieves ” of Arabian story or the “Forty Push” of olonial slans). Forty de faulters in its first year of existence was not bad by any m a a—not for a now club. Then the club’s man of busihrsi proceeded to inform tho members in meeting assombWl that for last year “ the receipts were £65 •!? and the expenditure £97 5?, leaving a debit balance of£32 Is.‘‘Which,” as ho naively and ingenuously added “ is not bad for a new club.” How is it not bad for a new club ? When wo wore boys if we had -found ourselves at tho ond of tho season associated «vuh u club for playing a certain game that finished up the season £32 is in dobt, it would have so dumfoandod and scared us, as to make a beeriino for tho most solitary and secluded stretches of tho Murray, there to become lone fishermen. Nuw, however, wo are simply told, “ It is not bad for a new club.” Something to bo proud of, rather than otherwise—a remark worthy of a budding director of a “ reconstructed ” bank. And there’s tho Bendigo Football Club, somewhat in tho same financial condition, in their case I suppose thoir condition of indebtness to sundry people is“ not bad for such an old club.” But what do the footballers want so much money for playing the game? Are footballs ornamented with diamonds or pearls nowadays that they cost so much, or aro the goal posts electro silver platod? What in the name of all that is mysterious does become of tho money, when in a playing season of three or four months only, a c’ub like the ono at Golden Square manages to get through very nearly £lOO. They must hive been rough oo the before mentioned fancy footballs and goal posts, or tho dealers in such articles must have been very seriously overcharging them. The Hon J. B. Patterson a few years ago answering a begging letter from the secre tary of one of tho Caatleraaine clubs, caustically wrote in reply, asking in feigned surprise, what they wanted money to play football for. When he was a young man ho'explained they used to go oat to the bush and cut down four saplings. Thoso they used for goal posts, and as for a ball they always contrived to raise a few shillings amongst them selves and bought one of their own. Then they played and enjoyed themselves, bad no further expense in connection with the game,and therefore no necessity of send ing begging Ictt- rs to other people, like tho one be now had tho honor of replying to. Mr. Patterson has since been avoided by the Castlemaine footballers, and as ap parently they have down there been ashamed c er s'nco to be asking the public for money for cab and railway fa 1 63, for refreshments, for sops and sticking plaster, professional players etc., Cast’emaino is not strong on the game. According to Or. Jamosof E«glehawk, Sergeant Lannin, if ho is endeavoring to obstruct ex-Sergeant G'eesou in tho per formance of the duties of borough inspector is excusable because ho (Lannin) unsuc cessfully applied for Gleeson’s billet under the Council. It’s a singular argument entirely. If I apply for the town clerkship of Eaglebawk and they don’t give it to me, will [ for revenge be justified io .following Mayor McCormack round the fbwn with a stick of dynamite and primer in my pocket, a half a yard of fuse sticking out and a box of matches? According to Or. James’s logic I would be. For wouldn’t I have all sufficient provocation that the Mayor as the official head of the council didn’t turn another man out and give me his billet when I wanted it ? A word in Sergeant Lannin’s private ear. The ex Sergeant has been in the Bendigo district, orifs immediate neigh borhood for thirty years or so. He has multitudes of friends and well wishers, — all sorts and conditions of men and of women (00, I don’c remember that ho has ever been at cross purposes with any one in his life till now. He is one of the easiest men in the world for. only a moderately fair dealing man to get along with. Somehow or other, and for the cake of argument we’ll lay the blame on Gleeson. We’ll say that in the week or two that he has been out of the force he’s developed all at once into a cross-grained, quarrelsome, irascible, snappish, queru lous slippery old nisn. It is preposterous to imagine it. If Sergeant Lannin were to translate his recent actions into words, it, or something like it, would be his word portrait of theox-Sergennt. Extraordinary, however, is it not, that all these years should have flown without the discovery having been made before. It is very un fortunate indeed for the Eaglebawk people who have thought highly of the “old serge mt,” that the new sergeant will stand no nonsense with his prerogatives, nor the keeping of him out of a billet which should have been his, nor depriving poor policemen of their “ costs ” iu attend ing court, when they (the poor policemen) would have been there anyhow, and in any case their “ screw ” was running the even tenor of its monthly course. A ext revival meeting, that they have at Eagle hawk Mr. Lannin should go up to the penitent form, pray that his hard stony heart, may bo broken down, that the Lord will send him. a supply of tho milk of human kindneiji* of good temper and of charity in all things, that he may learn that the word “ covet ”-cqvereth a multi tude • of meanings—for instance “ Thou shalt not covet thy. neighbors’billet.” For these and for sundry other virtues that a good man should possess he should pray. And it is to be-.hoped that his prayers will be blessed with rich floods of blessing. If they, ain’t, by jpve, he’ll hear some thing drop." ,$~ There’s a good story of a pbor butcher: at Eaglebawk, whofis so wealthy in pigs that he’s not on personal'terms of acquain tance with half of them; . All 'of his/ pigs know their master, and iheir mas&rV; house, but the master krftvFeth not them. The other day -the poor'butcher weot his very nice, private residence Jri one of, jfche outlying streets. -One ofhis boys drew his attention to the fact tffat‘a coupld ofbigpigs had wandered in to their yard. “ Who'a are they,”' asked the butcher, whoso rich in porkthat he doesn't, know his own p>gs. “ Bothered If I know,” replied the hoy, “X’vq never soon them before." “ OJi thou*" rejoined the batcher ** there’s nothing for iit but to advertise ’em." ' So .io next day’s Independent there ap peared— •* Found two'pigs (here followed a description ot them). Owner can have same by paying expenses, Apply t —-- butcher, Eaglbjiawk.” 1 ’’ The advertisement quickly brought up aoluitn out for thora.They counted the pigs at this butcher’s piggery out in the bush a mile or two, found two big ones mis sing. The explanation was that the tendorest baby recollections of those two straying pigs were ceh bred around that butchers’ private villa, for weren’t they born in the back yard there, didn’t they reside on the promises till they wore full grown. Hence when they escaped from the lonely piggery what more natural than for them to make for their old home. It wasn’t, however, courteous on the part of the butcher to bo advertising his own pigs as vagrants; Tno climax to this chapter ofjuooidents oamoaday or two after wards when tho poor butcher was hauled before tho magistrates and find something or other for allowing them to wander from his piggery to his privet© house. How did lie nllofo thorn to wander, " when thoro is the best of evidence that ho never to his knowledge, saw them before. Sure tho very riivvol, so it was, that was in those two pigs. tags op nimiß. No I.—On receiving a legal manager's* “Standand Deliver Dark and dismal as tho tomb dooj tho “ Pinal Notick” raid— Words of falo, hopes slain and blighted "Saturday next ot 4 p.ra Oh 1 direful dradol .« No 2.—Dividend dm to day:— On our way rejoicing, to his don wo more " Mornin 1 J” Mr, Manager— Tho cheque, ploaso, that wo love.” Ho 3.— “ After the (Mayoral) Ball.” . A hard-pressed' draper called the Old Man to 800, Presented his bill—ll 8 1 '93. “Have you no money, what oair yea say? Why so long-.wmdud? Why don’t you pay?” No 4.—for a newly made widower courting hard for his second. Sneaking tho shoot at 12 o’clock, His First will walk round his bod-post— “ You wretch! You Wrotoh I Awake!! Awako! I I am thy missus’s ghost," No s.—Tho lovely young widow who flirted. Sho bios her to the medium, And takes in a lot of rot. “ Who’s tho controlling spirit now?” “Your Hubby door, And ho’s as road as a boar, And for you he'll make il hot!” No G,—Bill Jones the Minor Bold. Ho loft bis borne with a hounding heart, Cooigardio was all boforo him. Whon ho got there Tho nuggets weren’t there— Ton thousand had boon boforo him. Says Bill “1 bo blest! Bendigo’s tho host. This country around us is “dry-blown” And ho oamo back, With his swag on his back, In a stale, by tho vulgar, called “fly- blown.” 