RELieiOUS SERVICES. WESLEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. I Tbe Bev. Wm. Shaw conducted tbe morn ing service in the Patterson-street church yesterday, delivering a most able address oa the ' Ascension of Christ,' based upon Acts, i., 9—' And when He had spoken these things He was taken up, and a cloud re ceived Him out of their Bight.' The rev. gentleman said that the Christian faith was very strong in fncts, such as the birth of Christ, the crucifixion, tbe resurrection, the ascension, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost on the Day of Pentecost. It was very bard to decide which was the most im portant ot these facts, aB they were all jinked together, and the removal of one would destroy the effect of the whole. Tbe event under consideration took place be tween tbe occurrences of the resurrec tion and the Pentecostal blessing, and, although sometimes looked upon as forming with the resurrection one event, it was recorded as a distinct fact, and it was similarly recorded by several Apostolic writers, it being inseparable from their teaching. The atceneion removed some ' gieat difficulties that were troubling the ' cicciples. They were unable to realise Christ's spirituality, but when He departed they understood tbat He could still be with them, though unseen. That iB what he was trying to Impress upon them during tbe forty days which intervened between tbe resurrection and the ascension. They h..d realised His resurrection. They knew He waB to die again like Ltz&rus; and Jairus' daughter ; but His ascension waB to them a visible demonstration that such wa^not the case. By H1b ascension Ohrist had^ccome tbe Head of tbe Church. He waB also the Mediator, Advocate, High Priest. Ab its Head He gave life to His church, and aB King He ruled Hi6 kingdom. But He was also tbe High Pri^at and Mediator for Bis people. It wae as such that He comes nearer to us ; tbe titles ol Headship and Kingship show authority; but tbe titles of High PrieBt, Mediator, Advocate betoken sympathy. Lastly, His ascension elevated their thoughts. They looked no more upon the grave, with its gloomy surroundings, as being the goal of lite, but upon the glory that followed it. Heaven, not tbe grave, was their home. 