The Opposing Forces. thanks to the temperate and judicious con duct of the Labour members, the furious libels circulated against them now fall blunted and harmless. Though the heads of the Government still do their utmost by magnify- ing the angry words of injured men, or by holding the mass of the party responsible for the ill-judged acts of a few hotheads—to show that the success of Labour means an era of mob rule accompanied by bloodshed and outrage, the venom has now been rendered comparatively innocuous. The ' Red Spectre ' has been stripped of his mantle, and proves to be merely a broomstick ghost ruddied by the reflection of the fertile Tozerian imagination. And now that people see more clearly what are the merits and demerits of the Labour Party, they see, too, how the flood of abuse poured over that party has served its purpose of dis tracting attention from the venality and in capacity of assailants. * * * Would the heads of the Labour Party, it is beginning to be asked, take advantage of the confidence which placed them in charge of the public purse to pocket immense fees out of all proportion to tbe services rendered? Would the leader of the Labour Party appoint himself to the highest paid office in his gift, after inducing a subservient Parliament to extravagantly increase its emoluments? Would the Labour Party, as shareholders and over drafters in a bank, plunder the public Treasury for their own beneht ; and, having practically stolen millions of public money, pass an Act to give their robbery tbe sanction of law t Would the Labour Party, having by corrupt and in competent management of the pnhlin finannnfi created a huge revenue deficit, coolly evade their responsibility by shunting the deficit on to the shoulders of posterity as a funded debt which saddles the taxpayers with a large annual interest payment? And is not an honest Labour Government, however inexperi enced, better than a Government which only learns from experience how more efficiently to thieve from the people? * * * The Griffilwraith coalition took tbe bad elements from both the parties which formed it, and became a third pmy which has proved worse than either. The gang now in office cares nothing for principles or pledges; its only care is to defend its ill gotten booty from the perils of forced restitution, and at all hazards to protect the banks, syndicates, and speculators who are pouching the revenues of the province. The mass of festering corruption behind the doors of the Government depart ments is vaguely hinted in the reports of tbe Auditor-General ; and did his officers dare to write all they know of the manner in which public funds have been and are being converted m private uses, even the lethargic public of Queensland would besom out the brigands in duurast Political morality, gradually deterio rating from the date of the Griffilwraith coalition, has now disappeared altogether from the Government party. There is absolately no job too hage or too shameful for the present wxjupanm uf the Treasury benches to attempt. Such cynical abandonment to the beatitudes of boodle has never before been witnessed in Australia. 