CAN SPIRITS BE PHOTO-,, f GRAPHED? ; ... This is the question which : Dr. Dean Clarke answers in the " California!! II lustruted " with nn emphatic affirmative. " In liis extensive travels as a lecturer through thirty-two of the United States, tho writer lias learned of miiny cases of spirit, forms appearing, sporadically as it were, on the negatives or plutes of artists.who know nothing of and believed nothing in spirit photography, till such forms unaccountably appenrod. < In two cases of this sort, where these forms per sisted in appearing against every effort to prevent, the artists, who were-educated in superstitions, abandoned their business believing tlint ' tho devil was in it,' as they said." He tolls liow, in 1871-, ibo visited Mr: Mumler, the famous-:spirit photographer of Boston. _ " I requested him to allow an examination of; liis, in-.r struments and to bo permitted to see the ■ entire process. Ho consented. I had! him cut a new sheet of glass for the - negative, and I watched with an eaglet eye every motion from beginning to end.r Hoping to got a picture of my. mother, if any, I fixed my thought upon her us I took my scut. But just as Mumler un capped his, instrument, the name Ange- ■ liuo was as vividly impressed upon Tuy mind, as though spoken audibly, three successive times. I followed Mumler into his closet and saw liiui develop tho negative, and as soon as washed he held it up to the light and I recognised 5 at first sight my cousin Angelina's likeness." In the following week, Dr. Clarke and a friend culled again on Mr Mumler. "Wo then had hini cut a now sheet of glass for the nogatives and, as I had done before, wo both • watched critically the entire process. I sat for my picture first, and whilo -the negative wasdripping with water Mumler showed it to us, and I was overjoyed to see on it a clear likeness of my mother, who had been in spirit life nbout nino years." Another sitting was tnkenwith tho hope of a more distinct picture of Dr. Clarke'smother. "When tho negative • was developed, much to the surprise and ; ciiugrin 01 cue artist, due grcauy co my surprise and pleasure, a picture of an In dian instead of my mother was found on :,, it. This was as j groat a test to mo as, . though my mother had appeared again ;. /•• for more than a score of clairvoyants, in various parts of tho country had des- . eribed such a spirit as one of my guardians, and for seventeen years I had felt his healing mugnctism, and often had - been psychologically controlled by him to speak his language. . . . "We were both : ( familiar with the- various methods by ... which counterfeits arc produced, , and took special precautions that Mumler should have no opportunity to use them if so disposed ; but it is simply justice to' him to say be cheerfully gave us every opportunity to detect any attempt at deception wo desired." Dr. Clarke does not merely recount these experiences; ho .. prints along with his story what ho do- . elarcs to bo reproductions of those photo- ; graphs of himself and spirits. White shadowy forms, said to represent " Angeline," his mother, itnd his Indian familiar, appear in the portraits above : his head. There are given in all over a dozen "photographs of ghosts." "Photo- . graphy as evidence" is, however, sub jected to a vigorous and humorous , criticism by MrE. A. Jolf in the " Idler.",: Ho starts from Mr Gladstone's allega tion in 1S90 concerning men being shadowed by the Irish constabulary. : "That stands upon evidence, bmwse it has been made the subject of a x'hoto- . graph." Mr Jelf straightway proceeds to reduce this argument ud almtrdum by producing photographs showing Mr Irving and Miss Lottie Collins joining in dancing to"Ta-ra-ra-booin-de-ay; " and Mr Gladstone at the door of a Seven Dials ; public-house. Hay, tlio same man a;)- , pears in double, shooting himself, execut ing himself, chalking ou his own back, etc. Those are to prove that "photo-: graphic evidence is worthless." At a, first exposure, part of tho plate may bo ■ covered up, at a second only tliatipart, exposed, with all manner of absurd com- , biuutions as tlio result. But one picturo shows a man seeing a gliost. In this .. case, "the diaphanous nppcuranesof tlio , , gliost is not much harder to explain ; tlio lady who sits for tho gliost retires before, the exposure is complete, but tlio rest of . the picture is allowed its full time, and thus comes out in a normal way. Hciieo , tho contrast between the gliost and tho bodily mau." 