BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. FIRST DAY. The eighteenth Conference of the Bible Christian Church commenced its sittings in the Franklin-street Church at 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning. There were present at the opening of the Conference —Ihe tie vs. Vj. Tresise (president), E. Gratton (secretary), J. Dinple, K. Lan?, W. F. Juvw, .T. Hancock, T. Hillman, T. E. Keen, J. Trewin, W. Richards, T. Piper, O. Lake, T. MoNeiU, J. Raymond, J- Thome, W. T. Penrose, K. C. Yeoman, G. H. Paynter, J. H. ABhtoD, W. EL Cann, J. Collings, T. M. Flood, C. Martin, J. Pearce. S. C. Mugford, J. TiUer, W. T. Shapley, and Messrs. J. Thome Martin, J. Rimes, J. Aishton, J. Culver, W. Vruur. H. McDonnell, S. J. Taylor) J. Shaddock, W. Nosworthy, T. Shipway, T. Henley, E. liannaford, T. Oliver, J. Snell, J. Cooper, W. Polkingborno, G. J. Sampson, J. Putter Eon. J. VL Symons, D. Virgo, J. Miller. .T. Tamer. C. Richards, T. Rodda, J. 13. Hughes. J. MoSkimming, C. Dyer, A. Gwynne, A. Williams, and J. Scriven. Tne Keys. W. W. Finch, F. Bullock, and J. Kidclift were not present through illness. The Conference was opened by singing, and the Revs. J. Tborne, J. Hancock, and T. Piper offered prnyer. The roll was called. THE EETIKING PRESIDENT'S AnOKESS. The Pbbbitockt delivered bis addrecs, in the coarse of which be said:— la leaving this chair I bare it in my heart to say a few words in refe rence to the church and her work in the colony. I might say that the presidential office has given me opportunities of observa tion and ecclesiastical education which cannot possibly come to one that has not filled such a position. It broadens one's views and gener ates more intense sympathy and interest in all the work in which we are engaged. I can easily understand most sincere and godly men taking op one line of work—the educational, the financial, or the evangelistic, or any other, and making everything of thavwithout looking at the interest of a church broadly, but I find that to really and substantially prosper all the departments must be vigorously poshed. I am pleased to report that there is an increase of members on the year's working, and that we have made a new departure in undertaking mission work in Chink. We have Bent our much esteemed brother, the Rev. E. J. Piper, to that field. He commands our complete confidence as our representative in that work, and I am Bute that he will have a place in out prayers. In looking into the internal affairs of the church I wish to Bay — L. That above all things we must keep 'up the spiritual temperature of the body. This I shall ever feel is the most vital thing to care for. Failure here is failure every where, and this not a matter for tht> ministry only, but for all the membership. We may organise this and that, we may discipline, but all we have to do is to let in the glorious fullness of the spirit of God upon her. And this can only ba done by having among as men of might in prayer and full of the Holy Ghost. Our young converts will be strong in their spiritual birth. Oar rising ministry will be grown out of such conditions as will set them on fire. The miisaion spirit will burn and glow among us, sod altogether ihere will be enoh conditions as will compel cheering pro gress. And as members of tbisConferenoe it is for ns in this to lead the way. 2\. In this spirit we shall be prepared for all lands of sacrifice. The Church of God has been made by that, and there is as much need and room for it as ever; as I have ever under stood the Christian life it is oue of the main things in it. We read in the Scriptures about filling up the remainder of Christ's sufferings in his body, the church, and we only want to think of the history of our own church in this colony, euch men as were the pioneers of our work, to be duly impressed with the thought that we owe our position to-day to the 1 wonderful sacrifices and the marvel lous energy that these veterans dis played in their work. But the sacrifices are not ail over. It is only as we continue to [ exercise the same grand spirit that wo shall niakeprogresa. 3\. Then we most be prepared to fully ap preciate one another's wort We all differ inj our natures, our aptitudes, our lines of usef oh ness. We are only fragments of humanity, and it takes the whole to make op complete! ness. It is a real triumph of Divine grace to heartily thank God for the gifts, the graces, and the brilliant triumphs ot others. Unless we are thus in a eound state with respect to our epiritual condition we can never cope with BO.en external conditions as we are at present surrounded with, and as a part of the Church of Christ we are called upon to give our contribution to the right gmdanoeof the future of the colony; and Jt am certain is «ay* ing that the present conditions of the colony are such that great spiritual power is needed to deal with them. We have ever to deal with the natural diffi culty of the waywardness of man, or to put it in Scriptural language the carnal mind. That has Always been «o- Men have never yielded to Christ without a struggle of self-will. Thip difficulty uin the nature of our work.* Christ and the world spirit are totally different, and it is only as ho gains the ascendency will the world improve. This is the old fight, but there are peculiar difficulties to different ages, and ours is one that calls for great power to deal with it. The world is full of what I would call quack theories of bringing about a millennium, and these theories are expounded in many cases by strong and capable men. There are toe theories of mere social adjustments, educa tional provisions, political programmes, indus trial regulations or even anarchical upheavals. These things apart from the Christ of the New Testament, or the Christ of the Church can ; never bring na to that golden age we so yearn to Bee. It is as the spirit of Christ is revealed, and developed in the lives of men that better conditions tor the tailing masees of the people will be eeoured. Legislation beyond the moral condition of the people to receive it will be come ft dead letter. Lift np and inspire that condition and you are performing the very highest service to human society, and I feel sure that God has called us to assist in that grand and blessed work, and my desire is that we devote ourselves to this with a boundless and an intelligent enthusiasm. We want no other Gospel than what we have always preached, but we most be careful to preach it with a perfect fullness of statement. Let ub not have a part of the truth but the whole of it, and let as not address ourselves to any one section of the community. We must preach on tbe responsibilities of wealth; no man absolutely owns anything. He is a steward, and will' give account to God, and not only, of his stewardship of mere earthly riches but of all othor rich endowments, and we are required to tell men faithfully that unless in this they are following the example of Christ they are not walking in his footsteps and cannot be his dis ciples. Then others must have the Gospel of frugality of industry and of the restraint of all the passions preached to them, and what -1 ever men may cay we must be bold to state that no power less than the indwelling Christ can control and guide them. With this spirit we shall reach the masses. That is the problem the Church is ever talking about; but it is reached by fearlessness, by love, and a genuine interest in all their welfare. lifct us go forth in God's name equipped for our work, and we shall find that glorious test true —"He that goeth forth and weepeth bearing precious seed shall doubtless come again with rejoicing bringing his sheaves with him," THE S'BESIDKKT ELECT. The Rev. Enoch Gratton was elected presi dent of the Conference by a unanimous vote, and the Rev. W. T. Penrose was unanimously elected secretary of the name. ' ' The Rev. C. Tbesise gave the Rev. E. Gratton a hearty welcome to the presidential: chair as his successor. The Rev. E. Gbatton said: —I thank you very sincerely for the honor you have conferred upon me in placing me in the position which I now occupy. I cannot say that this appoint, meut has taken me by utter surprise. On three previous occasions this Conference has been good enough to place me in offices which involved responsibility and honor, and in each case the appointment came to me as a complete surprise. I refer to the offices of secretary of tbe examining committee, chairmanship of the Kadina district, andfseoretary&bip; of tbe Con ference. I had no thought of or wish for either post. Bat the honor yon have just placed npon me baa not been co unexpected. Again and again during the past year friends have conveyed to me broad hints and kindly threats. I hope that the cloud which has been hanging over me for 12 months is one of those cloud? nbat " break in blessings on the head." 1 have not sought this dis tinguished post; on the contrary, I have almost stubbornly shrunk from it. I fed sure, how ever, that as you have generously imposed upon me the duties of presidency, you will sustain me during the Conference and throughout the year by your help and prayers. I feel conscious that I stand before you lacking one great qualification which moat, if not all, my predecessors have possessed, namely, the advantage of a life • long connection with the Bible Christian Church. It is not my fault, even if it be my misfortune, not to have been born in the Bible Christian Church. Perhaps some of you will allow that the next best thing to being a Bible Christian is to have belonged to the Methodist New Connexion Chnruh for most of my Ufa. You will furt&er; bear with me when I cay for the New Connexion Church, its ministers, principles, and interests' I Gtill have a deep and pleasant regard. Bat though I etill feel that the New Connexion Church is dear to me, I can add with thorough sincerity that the Bible Christian {Church is also dear to me. Althoughlwasnotbornorbornagaininth? Bible Christian Church when six years ago I entered into its fellowship and was joined into [ its ministry, I did go with the deliberate mi i tention of living and dying in it, and that is Imy intention to-day unless Methodist union comes to modify our church relationships. Tnen "where you go I shall go; where tou dwell I shall dwell; your people shall be my people, aa well as your God my God." I bare learnt to love and respect tbe ministers of the Bible Christian Church, to delight in its history and appreciate its principles. There are two questions we shall have to con- Eider, tbe importanoe of which plaoes them in the front rank. One is the presi dent's scheme for the extinction of the missionary debt. This scheme demands our gravest and speediest consideration. If we do not deal with this debt vigorously it will seriously hamper our work. Some people say— "'But you should not have gone into debt." That may be bo. But I would like to aik those friends two questions. What have they done to prevent tbe debt from accumulating:: What have they given, and what have they sacritioed? Others cay— " What have you got to ebon for the debt';" I am glad to be able to reply that we have something solid and satisfactory to show for it. During the last teD years there has been an increase of 5,271 adherents and over 1,000 niwnbers, with a corresponding increase in other departments. Is not this a substantial set-off against the debt? The other question to which I wish to refer is that of Methodist union. I will not presume to Bay how we ought to deai with this question, but I will express the hope that we snail so deal with it tbat if the present attempt to secure nnion fails the blame for such failure shall not lie at the door of the Bible Christian Church. Pereoually I cannot believe that the present wa*te of time, strength, and money ought to be long perpetuated. No doubt there are great difficulties in the way of union, but are there not ?!bg groat difficulties in the separation, and it is not in harmony with the history of all great movements tbat they have to be advanced in the teeth of stubborn difficulties? 1 hope we shall have a very happy Conference, and that our proceed ings will be characterised by wisdom and power, charity and courage. ELECTION OK OTHER OFFICERS. The following officers were then elected:— R?v. S. C. Mugford, journal secretary; the! Reve. W. T. Shapley and J. H. Ashton, duplicate and triplicate secretaries. The hours of peesion wore fixed at from 9.30 to 12 a.m. and from 2to 0 p.m. INVITATIONS AXD WELCOMES. I The secretary of tbe Young Men's Christian Association offered by letter thu nee of their rooms to members of Conference. Tbe offer was thankfully received. The invitation of his Excellency the Lieu tenaut-Governor for members of Conference to attend an "At Home" at Government House on Thursday afternoon was gratefully accepted. The retiring president and secretary were thanked for their year's service. Dr. Torr was cordially invited to attend as frequently as possible tbe sittings of Confe rence and take part in its deliberations. It was resolved— j Tbat we ?re gratified to learn tbat the health of all out superannuated brethren has bevn 'airly pre ferred, and (hat amid infirmities, especially in the caw ot Em. John Wdolift. they have continued to give cbelr circuits the benefit ot their long experience and much valued Labors. The Rev. W. Ready and Mr. James Smith, of New Zealand, were enthusiastically wel comed to the Conference by the following resolution:— Tint in Is with much pleasure and staoere gratitude to the Great Husbandman that «c have heard ot the successful work ot our brother, the Bey. W. Beady. at Danedtn, and It U now cur privilege to be?itiiy j welcome rum, aa chairttan of the New Zealand dis trict* to oor CoDtereooe, aod to invite him to a *eat on our platform. We also welcome his companion, Mr. Smith, as ■ Ti?itor, and w? request both brethren to objtt back our heartieit greeting to the brethren sad friends in their colony. Mr. Read! thanked the Conferenoe in ? very effective speech. The sermon to the Conferenoe was preached at 7.30 p. m. by the Bey. T. McNeil to a large and appreciative congregation from Acts iv., I 14-15. The sermon was remarkably able and | was eloquontly delivered. The Lord's Supper followed. ! Mr. Gratton wag born near Henley, North Staffordshire, England, in 183 S. His early life was Bpent in the midst of come of the jtloomyandeicriny Boenee connected with the Chartist riots. In 183S the famous Charter, or "People's Charter" as it was termed, was framed by a committee consisting of six M-P.'b and six working men. Mr. Gratton has a vivid recollec tion of come of tbe painful snfferin?? en dured by the working people during the middle of this century. Banley was the centre of great agitation. Mass meetings were held, and bread riots were witnessed. It was for making a speech in Eanley on August 15, 1842, tbat Thomas Cooper, tbe famous author of "The Purgatory of Smoidee," was sent to Stafford Gaol for two years. Mr. Grattou's ancestry belonged to tbe Methodist New Connexion Church from the time of its origin in 1797. He was connected as a scholar, teacher, member, and local preacher with tbat church. On the first Sunday in November, 1851, be commenoed bis work as a minister in Kewcastle-upon-Tyne. The Eev. W.—pow "General—Booth had been stationed in Gate?head for three years, and was appointed in 1861 to the Newcastle circuit. At that Conference a long and vigorous debate took place npon Mr. Booth's request to have a "roving commission." A majority opposed the request, and Mr. Booth resigned. The second minister was appointed to take charge of tbe oircnit," and Mr. Gratton was sent as second preacher. From Newcastle he moved to Gateshead, and thence to Durham. He was afterwards stationed in Bristol, Sheffield, Halifax (four yeats), j Moseley (near Manchester, five years), and Birmingham (six years). He left the Mossley church with a membership of 275, one-bait of whom bad joined the church daring bis pasto rate- A similar increase took place in Bir mingham. While Mr. Gratton was stationed there be was for four years secretary of the Nonconformist Ministers' Association, includ ing 80 ministers, representing eight denomina tions. This work brought him in contact with gifted men like Dr. Dale, Jealrin Brown, Arthur ftfurseil, W. F. Calioway, and Dr. Simon. In 1«83 Mr. Gratton was asked by the New Connexion Conference to take charge of the Franklin-etreet church, Adelaide. He ac cepted toe responsibility, left England on July 12, and landed at Largs Bay on Sunday, August 26, and oa the same day commenoed his work. About seven years ago an earnest attempt was made to secure the organic nnion of the minor Methodists in this colony. Mr. Gratton threw him?elf heartily into the move ment. A basis of nnion was prepared, the effort seemed likely to be crowned with success, when unforeseen difficulties arose and led to the abandonment of tbe scheme. The basis, however, had been sent to the New Connaxion authorities and had been generally approved by them. Until the larger union could ba brought about tbe committee recommended Mr. Gratton and 1 the Franklin-stxeet church to onite with come Methodist church of kindred sympathies and in which they could find a sphere of usefulness and comfort. In ISBS a nnion was effected be tween the Franklin-street church and the South Australian Bible Christian Conference. Mr. Gratton continued for two years to labor in connection with bis old church and among people to whom he was deeply at tached. In 1890 he was appointed to the Moonta circuit, of which he has been the pastor np bo the present date. Here his pulpit ability, his diligence as a pastor, his sagacious counsel, his knowledge of the general condition of society, combined with his kindly gracious geniality, have endeared him not only to the members of his own church but to the \ inhabitants of the entire neighborhood. The church and congregation at Moonta have grown under his fostering care. At this Con ference Mr. Gratton was appointed chairman of tbe Kadina district, and during his four years' occupancy of that office his business tact, his urbanity and courteous demeanor have commanded the respect of all the officials and ministers with whom he has come in contact. In 1889 Mr. Gratton was appointed secretary to the examining oommittee. Tax Eev. E. Gbattok. 