SPORTING. Mr W. E. Dakin has resigned his position ns lmndicapper because he is not in touch with the form of the horses. It is to bo hoped ho will bo in touch with the cronk 'uns at Hay next month. vieorgeijysaglit, ajockoy welt Known in tho country districts, died at Wagga on Sunday last. An affection of the lungs brought that end about. There is said to bo a probability of Moss Rose being put to hurdle racing. She was tried over a hurdle a few mornings ago at Wagga and shaped well.' . Mr. Benzon, otherwise ' Jubilee Plunger,' who. succeeded in losing £600,000 iu two years in England a little while back, and afterwards got into trouble, is reported to have con tracted a marriage with a wealthy lady. Mr S. H. Gollan. owner of Stern chaser, Bonnie Scotland, Bes-ie Macarthy, and others, looks like settling in Melbourne, having taken a lease of Mr I. T, Carslake's residence and training stables, known as St. Sidwell s, right alongside Caulfield racecourse. Tom Williams, a Califoruian turf man, sent a despatch to Edward Cor t-igan at Chicago, asking him to send some honest steeplecha-e jockeys to Sin Francisco. Corrigan's reply was, ' They are all dead.' Hova, Bruin, and Gaillardia have been nominated for the Royal Handi cap, to be run ou the 24th May at Flemineton. Tlie steeplechasers, Waiter and Es mond, have been purchased by Tommy Corrigan, for twenty and ten guineas, respectively. Keys (says a Sydney paper) has a splendid coit by Grandmaster in hand. He is the dead image of Paris. While in Juneo, ' Reginald' heard that Vuliers understandings were in a very bad way, and that Tamenund j was also dotty on his pins. While exercisiug at Narandera re cently, Rising Sun badly bruised one of his heels, but no serious results are anticipated. Glenloth has been put in work again, and his trainer, M. Cartnody, has great hopes of getting a good race or two out of the Melbourne Cup winner of 1S92. 'Tim Whiffler' writes : — 'I may be wrong, but it is my belief that Psamnieticus, the nag who ran second to Pitch Dark at the Jerilderie meet ing, is a; half brother of good old Swi veller, the up-country Carbine of the old days. I fancy that Psammeticus is by Reginald (son of Grandmaster) from Little Nell (dam of Swivellor). Mr C. M. Llojd left Melbourne at the ei.d of last week for New Zealand, where ho intends to spend a fow weeks. Joseph Munro has severed his con nection with Mr Morris Jacobs, whose horses aro in future to be trained by F. M'Nainara. air J. B. Pearson, of Kilmany-uark, left, last week for England. He in tends to he away .about twelve months. The V.R.C. St. Leger winner Cullo den is to be sent to New Zealand for a long spell. W. Yeoman's win with Associate at Wagga was a most popular one, the straight- going squiro of Back Creek being generally congratulated upon having at last secured a turn of for tune's wheel. Dealing with tho great sporting libe action 'Freelance ' writes thus : — ' In tho event of the plaintiff deciding to s iddle up and weigh out afresh and fight out the dead heat over the same ? ourse, though possibly under a new judge, ho will really be taking less than three to ono maximum about his chanco — £425 1 to £1500 in fact, cv -n assuming that, the jury award him the full amount of the damages claimed (£5000). He would be betting even money that he'd g--t a verdict for £1500, and £1500 to £750 that he would -retrieve his original stake (£750). Rather a plucky venture in the teeth of the Chief Justice's summing up ' Mr ' Jack ' Thompson, son of the well-known Australian- bookmaker, 'Joe ' Thompson, has been cast for a part in ' King Zodack,' the new bur lesque to be produced at Terry's Theatre, in London. At the last monthly dinner nf the National Sport ing Club Mr Thompson, who, accord ing to the London ?' Sportsman,' 'has a fine light baritone voice, and iu addi tion tho art of -singing correctly and with expression,' sang several songs in a manner that 'stamped him a tho rough artist.' j-iie racenorse cuccieugn lett in the steamer Rodondo recently for Bris bane. The annual race meeting of the Urn nil Turf Club has been fixed to be hold on Thursday, May 24. £80 is set down foe distribution over seven events. An oxchango says : — ' Mr George Hill nnnp„|.. fr. 1,. f. P. .3- Ho does not look so robust and jolly as lie did a couplo of years back.' Mr G. : G. Stead's Blue Fire, by Maxim — Sapphire, heads the list; of winning two- year-olds in N.Z., with (-2087 3s placed to her owner's credit. ' Augur's Ghost' writes : — 'Mr Jas. Price, the Riverina handicapper, is in Narandera. ' Old Jim Price,' ns he is familiarly known, has a hoit of friends in these parts, and: besides b»ing popular, ho has a knack of framing ms handicaps 111 a manner that puzzles oven those who habitually boast that they can pick it in one.' A peculiar and painful accident is said to havo occurred to the racing gelding Quioksilver at Donald a few days ago. A ball was being adminis tered to him, and while his tongue was ui.-iiiS utiiu uuk no i u, mm, wiiu me re sult that Ins jaws closed, and nearly six inches of his tongue was bitten off. Up to Saturday Quickshot had not ap parently been much inconvenionced, as lie was then feeding alright. Donald Wallace was offered 2000 guino rs for Titan, to be delivered after tho. A.J.C. meeting, so. that the death of the sensat:onal gelding was a severe loss to thai gentleman. 