REMARKABLE LUNACY CASE. THE CLERGYMAN AND HIS WHISTLE. A cablegram, published on May 4, announced that tbe enquiry into the state of mind of the Rev. Augustus Francis Tollemache, vicar of Whitwicker, Leicestershire, bad resulted in the jury finding Mr. Tollemache incapable of managing his affairs. The evidence disclosed some very extraordinary proceedings on the part of the reverend gentleman. Mr. Tollemache was a bachelor, about 54 years of age, and had held his benefice for 17 vi=Hrs Tn Anril. 1,S'I3. he becran to show siems of metal aberration. He had a policeman's whistle, which be used to blow during the services in his church. He was wearing a large ring on his thumb, which he eaid enabled him to hear whispers from any distance, which dictated his course of conduct to him, and he considered the ring enchanted. On April 12 the Bishop of Peterborough held a confirma tion service in the parish church of Huggles oote in Leicestershire. Mr. Tollemache was discovered sitting amongst the girl candidates, whom he was evidently alarming by his con duct. He would take no part in the serviceat all. During the service he had an umbrella in his hand, which he held aloft, and with his other hand he held the ring towards the bishop, as he said to keep off the Evil One. After the ceremony had been proceeded with some little time Mr. Tollemache rose from his place and walked round to where the bishop was standing. He whispered into his lord ship's ear, ' With your lordship's permission I will leave the church.' Shortly afterwards he was seen outside in a trap, flicking off with a whip the hat of one of the clergy wbo had attended the service. On another occasion he accused his housekeeper, who had been with him many years, of givine him poison in his food. His housekeeper had seen him dressed in a policeman's coast, with a bullaeye lantern strapped to a belt in front of him. He Baid that he was . going to the church to find a ghost. In No vemoer ne wens to rucauiunu auu uuuuuuwu himself in a most extraordinary manner. He went to the Star and Garter Hotel, entered the coffee-room, and walked repeatedly about tbe place showing the ring on his thumb. He told his congregation that he went to the hotel in a cab and ordered a bottle of brandy, also tjbat he took the mareand gave her some lemon. He had a lemon in his pocket, and. borrowing a knife, he cut it in half and divided it, but the mare did not seem to relish it. At the funeral of Mr. Burton, who was a. member of the defendant's church for 30 years, when tha cortege reached the graveyard the gates were found locked. Mr. Tollemacne was behind the gates, walking up and down in his robes, but refused toopen them. The funeral procesaionhad. to go to a church one and a half miles distant, where the burial service was read. It then returned to the burial ground, when Mr. Tollemache refused to conduct the final ser vice. A neighboring clergyman, however, volunteered to perform the last rites to the dead, and in the midst of tbe impressive ser vice at the graveside Mr. Tollemache produced his whistle and commenced singing hymns, one being 'Rock of Ages, cleit) for me.' After the coffin bad been lowered and the earth partially filled up, the respondent) seized a pick-axe and mysteriously struck the ground three times. Afterwards ho said that he had excommunicated Mr. Burton. Next day when questioned he Baid that he had blown into tbe whistle, and that the bishop of the diocese had warned him not to take part in the funeral. On the following Sunday he was prevented from entering his church, and after that bis relatives deemed id expedient that he should be put under re straint. The respondent, said the learned counsel, himself had written a description of tbe ring which figured so prominently in the case. It was described by the respondent aa tbe Ham House intaglio, and in the following: terms — ' It consists of a cornelian 1 in. long by | in. wide, and is oval It was left me under my father's will. It represents a knight's helmet) with a pope's head as crest. There ia a cornucopia at the back of the head. different lights with a strong magnifying glass the following: — Gold and silver and pearls, in particular the lining of the knight's helmet is silver. I have notioed a stream of water flowing under the cornucopia, also sweat on the brow and face of the Pope. I have caught hia smile. . , I have also identified the all-seeing eye of God.' In^a local pamphlet published in May, 1893, the de fendant wrote an article on what he termed ' A Pilgrimage.' After speaking of a railway journey to Oxford, he proceeded to state that he drove to Hone Path. He went on: 'It is a quiet, dreamy little hamlet. The oab drew up at a village inn opposite the church yard. 'What, no cider? and it waa * thirsty afternoon. 'Yon should have gone to tbe Chequers,' waa just whispered. We did not go to tbe ' Chequers — we went into the churchyard. Bound to the south Bide there was an iron memorial, shaped like a miniature easel, painted black, with a scroll in white, 'In Memoriam.' There were two graves side by side, one with polyanthus all round — tbe 'confidence' flower. We beard the whispers again. Some one cornea every year and putt tbe flowers in and snakes the graves tidy. ' No one knows wbo it is. We walked round the graves. We had held the olue and bad followed it. Then we did goto the Chequer*. It was & o'clock. in the after noon, and we had eaten nothing since break* - fast. A bosom dame brought in a bottle of lemonade. It was very refreshing. We drank 'In memoriam.' As we sobs to go we heard the whispers again, 'Look into the bar.' ThbwW; -'ira- .'saw. v another buxom dame. The- firse waa » brunette, this was a blonde, pie Hsmiled. - ?: She bad the fair hair and blue.eyes of the' Saxon. She waa descended from Wioeewbo , .» lay asleep in the churchyard. £heanuled,as :, - much as to Bay * Yea, that wase?.' ; Threat :.-V.;x wMinrawiioeKrtUiedw.Mrfbaokiraf^rt ? ?:-'- ??--???? ??::^^'vmm to Oxford and to dinner. In the belfry at 1 \- Horse P*th we found these lines— Who rincB she bell, Let him look well To h&nd;, and bead, and heart ; I Tbe hand for work, j The head for sit, The heart tor worship's put . The journey, the destination, the graves, the t weddinK ring, even the botde of lemonade, they were all *In memoriam.' Nil de mortuis niai bonum !' His counsel, in order to eave the estate, piaaded that Mr- Tollemaohe's con duct was due not to lunacy but drink. The jury, before coming to their conclusion that the respondent was of unsound mind, had him before them and examined him. 