THE WIDE WORLD. In Africa there are still many unexplored tracts, sutably.in and around the Horn of the Dark Continent ; and a young American, Dr Donaldson Smith, now proposes to take the bull by, the horns, and see what can be done by the employment of this summary method of solving geographical problems. He aims at treading virgin ground. A year or two ago Mr F. L. James published a book .on The Unknown Horn of Africa, being an account of an ex ploring expedition from Berbera to the Leopard River. But his explorations were confined to the country of the Somalia, whereas Dr. Donaldson Smith now aims at penetrating further inland into the region of the Gallas, which has hitherto . remained a .terra incognita alike to the hunter and to the scientific researcher. Dr Smith is a charming speci. men of the best typo of America, and, in deed, it is difficult to believe that he is not an Englishman. He is quite as rich in manners as he is in money, and altogether takes with him to Africa'a very fascinating personality. He is going out entirely on his own account and at his own expense. A correspondent of the "a Birmingham Mail" hears of a lady residing in one of the suburbs whose husband, when he - is under the influence of drink, amuses himself by thrashing and otherwise knooking her about. She waslong-suffering, ut eventhepatience of a woman has its limits. Accord. ingly she hit upon a somewhat novel plan o retaliating, which she put into foro:oen the first opportunity. One evening her husband returned home the worse for drink, and after having satisfied his brutality by banging his wife about the apartment, sat down in his easy chair. The lady no sooner observed that he was fast asleep than she socured a stout cord, with which she fastened her somnolent lord to his seat. Then with a substantial walking-stick ahe commenced operations by several severe blows on his " back. The pain caused him to wake, and finding that he was a prisoner he commenoed to address his wife in words which were the reverse of affectionate. She in return told him that she was going to give him his quid pro quo, and at once carried her threat into action, belaboring her unhappy, but now nearly sobered, husband until he howled again. He ultimately managed to up. act the , chair on the top of him self, and so secured a release from any iurther demonstration of the energy and anger of his spouse. She left him there for some time; in fact, it was not untilhehad promised to treat her better in future that she consented to liberate him. The initial ohas. tisement had the desired effect, and not only has the man given up beating his wife, but he has also shown an inclination to become more moderate in his drinking habits. The closing portion of Emile Henry's address to the Paris jury was as follows: " We deal out death, and we shall know how tomeat It. It is, therefore, with indifference I await your verdiot. I know myheadisnot the last you will out offil : others will fall, for the starving are beginning to learn the way to your great cafes and to your Grand Ter minus and Foyot Restaurants. You willadd other names to the sanguinary list of our dead. You have hanged us at Chicago, doe capitated us in Germany, garrotted as at Xeres, shot us at Barcelona, guillotined us at Montbrison and at Paris : but what you can never do is to destroy Anarchism. Its roots are too deep. It is born in a rotton society which is falling to pieces. It is a vio lent reaction against the established order of things. It represents aspirations towards equality and liberty which are storming existing authority. It is everywhere and impalpable. It will end by killing you. Messieure les Puree, that is what I had to say to you. You will now hear my counsel. Your laws impose a counsel on every pri soner; my family has chosen M. Hornboatel. Whatever he may say must in no way alter what I have said. My declarations are the exacut expression of my thought; I hold to them without mnodiloeation." As is well known, several Swiss cantons, after agreeing to the abolitson of the death penalty, have returned to the customs of their forefathers. Schwyz is one of these, and is yet concerned as to what to do with a scoundrel who murdered his daughter in cold blood. The assize judges ordered him to the guillotine, but they reckened without the local society for the abolition of capital punishmenut. Ise ingenious directors, bur rowing in old records, found that according to law' condemned oriminals mast? expiate their crime by being Leheaded with the sword, and insisted on this medieval mode of carrying out the death penaltyboing adopted. The difficoulty is that the gaol authorities cannot get any Switzer to play M. 1Jeibler with a two-handed sword, and the criminal bids fair to live as long as a oondamneo in the United States. But surely the executive might apply to Copenhagen for the loan of an expert-for does not execution by sword survive in Den mark 7-oris it that the authorities (like the Poor Law Guardians in certain anti.vaccina. tionist towns at home) consider that they best consult publio opinion by persisting in a non poesnmust A onic would say that it is curious to find Switzerland producing murderers and no men with nerve and publio spirit enough to be their exeontioners. Thonow "esilverwedding" stamps issaed by the Japause Poet Offiee to com· memorate the twenty-fifth anniversary of the marriage of the Emperor Muten inub with Haruko, daughter of Ichijo Tapaka,' a noble of the firit' rank, appear to have caused' muoh excitement among local philatelists. Boys commissioned to purohase' samples, thronged on the day of ismue at' the Post office windows and more than 'two thousand light blue five-sen (a " son" is a trifle under a half. penny) and rose-pink two.sen stamps the only varieties ieeaed-were sold at the Robe Postoflioe in less than two hours. They are of the same form and size-lk inch long by 1 inch wide. The design on both is also the same. The centre of the design is a white erysanthemum in a circnlar shield, around'which is the inscription, "Celebration Ceremonyof the GreatWedding's twenty-fifth year," while in the lower part of thoecentral scroll are the words in English " Imperial Wedding,25 Anniversary." On either side the central orole is snpported by a crane rising out of an elaborate scroll. The top of the stamp bears the legend in Japanese, " Dal Nikon teiicoku yubin " (Crest Japanese Post), while the lower part contains the words in English " Imperial Japanese Post." . A correspondent in India writes to a Lon don paper:-There are many German trader in Bombay, and some Frenoh and Belgian. Between a little mixed knot of these stranger coloniste I heard a railway 'carriage dis nussion aboutthe British House of Lords, and was greatly struck by the information which a' German imparted to a Frenchman. The German said that the Lords were mnostly Irish, and that they enoouraged the people to revolt! The Irish, he added, made all the trouble for irngland, and, as nearly all her soldiers and polioemen are Irish, England is in a 'perilous' state. The Frenchman said he had heard that Sir Gladetones was really an Irishman, although bronught up and living in a Siotah to'inl It is wondodfal' how one learns things by going about the world a little I" Fthfy, of the most influential citizens of Chicago, Inoluding Mr Field, Mr Gage Mr Pullman, and Mr Armour, are promoting a local agitation in favor of Inter nationalbi-metallism.' They are all Conserva tive finanolers, opposed to free coinage or any other wider use of silver by the United States alone. They regard India's difficulty as America's opportunity, and urge that pressure should be brought to bear upon Great Britain to ohange her principles in this respect. Deoscribing a debate in the House of Com mons on the Death Duties, the "Daily News" says :-The prevailing dulness of the discussion was temporarily relieved by an amusing speech from Lord WVillonshby de Eresby, who bluntly told the' Commit tee that he objected to death duties alto gether. The "infamous proposals," as the noblelordeharacterised the reformed death duties, would weigh heavily on the unfor tunate heir, who would have to pay for things he did not want. The seoret of the noble lord's vehement opposition to the new soheme was partially disclosed when, towards the end of his speeoh, he, amid laughter, declared that among other thinge he would miherit a ghost, and he ap pealed to the Chanoellor of the Exchequer to say ithe would have to pay succession duty for this part of his inheritance. Sir William Harcoort smiled, but made no attempt to answer the oonundrum. The British Death Duties,' aassuming that they are passed by the Imperial Parliament, will be olerative from the' lest inst.'- On Budget Night (reports the " Daily News") Mr Balfour, assuminsg that the Budget Bill could not be passed by the Ist of June, took exception to the Chancellor of the Exche-' oner's estimate of the' amount derivable from the increased Death Duties between that date and the end of the financial year. Sir William Harcourt has, however, been careful so, to frame the resolutions on which the bill willbe based that at whatever date the Budget is added to the Statute Book, the new rates shall be leviable upon the property of all persons dying "on or after rhe lst day of June, 1894." " We move to-day, and I have only adollar in the house." This is a passage from a letter by Leigh Hunt dated " Florence, 14th October, 1823," to be found in a collection of autograph letters Messrs Sotheby ana Wilkineon will offer for sale .today. It vividly recalls passages in the life of Mr Harold Skimpole. "I am constantly," that" little bright creature with a rather large head" observed, "being bailed out, like a boat; or paid off, like aship'soom pany. Somebody always does it for me. I can't do it, you know, for 1 never have any money; but Comebody does it. Iget outby Somebody's means. I am not like the star ling. Igetout." There are two letters in the collectien, both vividly recalling the too faithful presentment of his old friend which D)iocksen admitted he had yielded to the temptation to include-in the story of Bleak House. In" Temple Bar," there is a story of how the late Poet Laureate received the first copy of "Maud" whilst he was a visitor at a country house, and how he wasprevailed upon to read the poem under rather discouraging circumstances. "AMr and Mrs Carlyle were among the guests. Now Carlyle would not permit himself to be read to by anybody. The problem was how to get out of the way. All the visitors in the house were anxious to listento Tennyson's delightful reading. Lord and Lady Ashburton were kept waiting. Chairs had been arranged in a quiet sitting room. The visitors (ouraelves amongst the number) were taking their places. Tenny son was ready. Carlyle was not indispoesed to go out for awalk if anybody would go with him, But there was the rnb. Who would sacrifice the pleasure of hearing a great poet read his latest poem? Professor Goldtrin Smith threw himself into the imminent and deadly breach, and walked with the philsopher." The following partiuonlars from one of the English papers to hand by the week's mall supplement what has appeared in reference to the' same matter in a recento cablegram: "Six of the seven explorers of the Lugloch caverns, who were rescued on Monday, are in Gratz and are doing well, and the seventh, the lad Heidt, who came out in a pitiable condition, and was left be- hind in the village of Semriach, is also reported much better. They would have died of hunger several days ago, as the provisions they took with them were already exhausted, but fortunately the parish priest of Semriach chanced to throw a box contain- ing cheese, bread and sixteen candles into the swollen brook, which by a miracle carried it to the Upper Cave, in which the entombed men were already feeling the pange of hunger. Once in posses- sion of the box, the leader, Herr Fasching, divided the contents into small daily rations. The imprisoned men state that they found some wonderful caves, putting even those of Adeleherg into the shade. The diver, Radolph Fischer, who succeeded in reaching the entombed men at great personal risk, is suffering from violent shivering attacks brought on by the intense cold of the water." A disoussibn has reaeatlyraged in England about the refusal of Mesare W. H. Smith and Sons to ciroulate Mr George Moore's novel, Esther Waters, in their oirculating library. The diffioulty of deciding what is an improper book crops up in this disonssion in a decided manner. No less a person than Lady Jenne, the wife of the Poesident of the Divorce Court, rushes into the fray in the defence of the book, and of Thomas Hardy's latest work, Life's Little Ironies, which had also been alluded to asbeingoneof tbonaughty kind. She sayeshe does not think it is a book " that need shook the readers of a generation who enjoy The Heavenly Twins, The Yelloi Aster, Key notes, or the various works of flution which deal with all the com plex and nudeniable questions of our modern life. A novel is good or bad in pro portion as it arouses sympathy with what is noble or glosoes immorality with a sickly sontimentality which creates an entirely false standard of right or wrong." And she sums up her conolusions on the general principles of the controveray in this way:-" Theold story of woman's weakness and man's be trayal has been, and always will be, the keynote of many great works in English fiotion which deal with the great story of human passion.' The ws-hole evil of modern novel lies in the point of view t4om whlsh the subject is treated, and from the attempt to centre the interest and sympathy of the read onea false issue." 