REPENT. The following address by the Rev. A. Hodge is published by arrangement :— Mark vi. 12.—And they preached that all men should repent. What is repentance ? Why is repen- tance necessary ? And what are the fruits of repentance ? are questions that should be asked soon by every human being, and asked very earnestly, because, if there is anything in the Scriptures at all, repentance is something that cannot be neglected. A man ought to say either that he does not believe in the Scriptures at all, or else set to work honestly to listen to their voice. The voice of the inspired Word of God is very loud and very persistent, ringing out in short, sharp tones to us : Believe, work, rejoice, be earnest, regent ; and if the teachers of the Gospel have laid particular stress on one word more than another it is surely on this last one. If the voice from the evangelical world harps upon one word more than another, it is on the word repent, and so it was from the very beginning of the preached word. The Gospel begins and ends with the one earnest exhortation to repent. Let us trace it. The first preacher was John the Baptist. " And in those days came John the Baptist preaching in the wilderness of Judæa, saying repent."—Math. iii. 2. Then came Jesus himself preaching with the same message. '' Now after that John was put in prison Jesus came into Galilee preaching the Gospel, and saying, Repent and believe the Gospel."—Mark i. 15. And we shall see further on how that Jesus never lost an opportunity of en- forcing this lesson. Then when Jesus gathered the twelve and sent them out, we read, " They went out and preached that men should repent."—Mark vi. 12. And after the baptism of the Holy Ghost the message was not changed, but made more real and earnest. " Now when they heard this they were pricked in their hearts, and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, Men and brethren, what shall we do ? And Peter said unto them, Repent."—Acts xii. 38. And so the same message was faithfully delivered by Christ and all His disciples, and when we come to the close of this wonderful book, the last few chapters are full of this word " repent." In the Book of the Revelation of St. John we read it so often. " Unto the Church at Ephesus he said, " Remember, therefore, from whence thou hast fallen, and repent."— Rev. ii. 5. Unto the Church in Pergamos, " Repent, or else I will come quickly."—Rev. ii. 16. And unto the Church in Sardis, " Remember, therefore, how thou received and heard, and hold fast and repent."—Rev. iii. 3. And unto the Church of the Laodicean, " Be zealous, therefore, and repent."—Rev. iii. 19. So it is impossible for any man who believes in the Scriptures at all to think lightly of the word. 