THE NOVELIST. THE MANXMAN.* * BY HALL CAINE. PART III.-MAN AND WOMAN. CHAPTER XIX. "IT'S COMING HOMK, WOMAN." When Caesar got to the quay he looked about with watchful eyes, as if fearing he might find somebody there before him. The coast was clear, and he gave a grunt of re lief. After fixing the horse-cloth, and settling the mare in a nose-bag, he began to walk up and down the forepart of the harbour, still keeping an eager look-out. As time went on he grew comfortable, exchanged salutations with the harbour-master, and even whistled a little to while away the time. " Quiet day, Mr. Quayle." "Quiet enough yet, Mr. -Cregeen, but what's it saying ? ' The greater the calm the nearer the south wind/ " By the time that Caesar, from the end of the pier, saw the smoke of the steamer coming round Kirk Maughold Head, he was in a spiritual, almost a mournful, mood. He was feeling how melftncholy was the task of going to meet the few possessions, the clothes and such like, which were all that remained of a dear friend departed. It was the duty of somebody, though, and Cfosar drew a long breath of resignation. The ,steamer came np to the quay, and there was much bustle and confusion. Caesar waited, with one hand on the mare's neck, until the worst of it was over. Then he went aboard, and said in a solemn voice to the sailor at the foot of the gangway, " Anything here the property of Mr. Peter Quilliami" . "Thafs his luegage," said the sailor, pointing to a leather trunk of moderate size among similar trunks at the mouth of the hatchway. " H'm!" said Caesar, eyeing it sideways, and thinking how smali it was. Then, reflecting that perhaps valuable papers were all it was thought worth while to send home, he added cheerfully, I'll take it with me." ^ Somewhat to Caesar's surprise, the sailor raised no difficulties, but just as he was re garding the trunk with that faith which is the substance of things hoped for, a big, ugly hand laid hold of it and began to rock it about like a pebble. It was Black Tom, smoking with perspira tion. "Aisy, man, aisy," said Caesar with lofty dignity. " I've the gig on the quay." " And I've a stiff cart on the market," said Black Tom. " I'm wanting no assistance," said Caesar ; " you needn't trouble yourself." "Don't .mention it, Caaar," said Black Tom, and he . turned the trunk on end and bent his back to lift it But Caesar put a heavy hand on top and said, "Gough bless me, man, but I am sorry for thee. Mammon hath entered into thy heart,.Tom." " He have just popped out of thine, then," said Black Tom, swirling the trunk on one of its comers. But Caesar held on, and said, "I don't know in the world why you should let the devil of covetousness get the better of yon." " I don't mane to-let go the chiss," said Black Tom, and in another minute he had it on his shoulder. "Now I believe in my heart," said Caesar, " I would be forgiven a little violence," and he took the trunk by both hands to bring it down again. "Let go the chiss, or I'll strek thee into the harbour," bawled Black Tom under his load. " The Philistines be upon thee, Samson," cried Ca>sar, and with that there was a struggle. In the midst of the uproar, while the men were shouting into each other's faces, and the trunk was rocking between them shoulder high, a sunburnt man, with a thick beard and a formidable voice, a stalwart fellow in a pilot, jacket and wide-brimmed hat, came hurrying up the cabin stairs, and a dog came running behind him. A moment later he had parted the two men, and the trunk was lying at his feet Black Tom fell back a step, lifted his straw hat, scratched his bald crown, and muttered in a voice of awe, " Holy Bailor 1" Caesar's face was livid, and his eyes went up towards his forehead. " Lord have mercy upon me," he mumbled ; " Have mercy on my soul, O Lord." " Don't be afraid,"said the stranger. " I'm a living man and not a ghost" " The man himself," said Black Tom. "Peter QuUliam alive and hearty," said Caesar. "I am," said Pete* " And now, what's the bobbery between the pair of yon!. Shuper intending the beaching of my trunk, eh f But having recovered from hiB terror At -the idea that Pete was a spirit, Caesar began to take him to task for being a living man. " How's this," said he.- " Answer me, young man, I've praiched your funeral." " You'll Jbave to doit1 again, Mr. Cregeen, for I'm not gone yet," scud Pete. "No, but worth ten dead men still," said Black Tom. "And my goodness, boy, the smart and stout you're looking, anyway. Been thatching a bit on the chin, eh? Foreign parts has made a man of you. Peter. The straight you're like the family, tool You'll becoming np to the trough with me the ould home, you know. I'll be whipping the chiss ashore in a jiffy, only Ciesar's that ?eager to help, it's wonderful. No, yoa'U not then!" Pete was shaking his head as he went np the gangway, and seeing this Caesar aaitl severely "Lave the gentleman alone, Mr. Quilliam. He knows nis own business best" "So do yoa, Mr. Collecting Box," said * She righ t of 22£iS 1 Black Tom. "But your head's aa empty M a mollag, and as full of wind as well It's a regular ould human moilag you ore, anywav floating other people's nets and taking idJ that's coming to them." 81 They were ashore by thia time; one of tho quay porters waa putting the trunk into th* gig. and Cassar was removing the horse-cloth and the nose-bag. , "Get up, Mr. Peter, and don't listen in him," said Cifisar. "I* my industryand integrity have been blessed with increase under Providence-<?" "Lave Providence out o! it, you graspintr ould Ebenezer, Zachariah, Amen." bawlivi Black. Tom. Iea "You've been flying in the face of Pro. vidence all your life, Tom," said Caesar taking his seat beside Pete. 1 " haven't, though, you miser," said Black Tom. >u You d sell your soul for six* pence, and you'd raffle your ugly ould body if you could get nnylmdy to take tickets." " Go home, Thomas," said Caesar, twiddling thereins; "go home and try for the future to be a better man." But that waa too much for Black Tom "Better man, is it? Come down on the quay and up with your fiss and I'll show you which of us is the better man." A moment later Cta&ar; and Pete were rattling over the cobblea of the market- place with the dog racing behind. Pete was full of questions. " And how's yourself, Mr. CregeenT" " I'm in, sir, I'm in, sir, praise the Lord." " And grannie ; ".Like myself, sir, not getting a date younger, but cuing little for spiritual things, though." , " Going west, is she, poor ould angel' There ought to be a good piece of daylight at her yet. for all.. And-and Nancy Joe?' " A happy: sinner, still," a&idlCsesar.; "J suppose, air, you'd be making good money out yonder now? We were hearing the like, any way." .' Money ?" said Pete. " Well, yes. Enough to keep off the divil and the coroner. But how'a-how's " " There now! For life, eh?" said Caesar. " Yes. for life : but that's nothing," anifl Pete, " how's ' "Wonderful!" cried Caesar, "five years, too!. Boy veen, the light was nearly took out of my eyes when I saw you." " But Kate ? HOW'B Kate ? How's the girl herself?" said Pete, nervously. " Smart uncommon," said Caesar. " God bless her!" cried Pete, with a shout that was heard across the street " We'll pick her up at Crellin's, it's like," said Caesar. " What? Crellin's round the corner Crellin the draper's ! Woa! Let me down ! The mare's tired, father," and Pete was over the wheel at a bound. He came out of the shop saying Kate had left word that her father was not to wait for her-she would perhaoa be home before him. Amid a crowd of the " mob beg," children of the streets, to whom he showered coppers to be scrambled for, Pete got up again to Caesar's side, and they set off for Sulby. The wind had risen suddenly, and was hooting down the narrow streets coming up from the harbour. " And Philip ? How's Philip?" shouted Pete. "Mr. Christian? Well and hearty, and doing wonders, sir." " 1 knew it," cried Pete, with a resounding laugh. " Going like a flood, and sweeping every thing before him," said Caesar. V4' The rising day with him,-is it f' said Pete. 4? I always said he'd'be the first man in' the island, and he's not going to decave me neither." ? 41 The young man's been over putting a sight on us times and times-he was up at my Melliah only a week, come Wednesday," saidCaisar. 14 Man alive," cried Pete, " him and me are same ns brothers." "Then it wasn't true wliat they were writing in the letter, sir-that your black boys left you for dead ?" " Tliey. did -that, bad luck to them," said Pete; " but I was thinking it no sin to disappoint them though." 44 Well, well, lyinjf began with the world, and with the world it will end," said Caesar. As they passed Ballawhaine, Pete shouted into Cieaar's ear, above the wind that was roaring in the trees, and scattering the ripening leaves in cloudB, 44 And how's Dross f " That wastrel ? Aw, tearing away, tearing awuy," said Caesar. . " Floating on the top of the tide, is he? shouted Pete. " Maybe so. but the devil is fishing where yonder fellow a swimming," answered Caesar. 4 And the ould man-the Ballawhaine still above the sod f bawled Pete behind his hand. 44 Yes, but failing, failing, failing," shouted Caesar. "The world's getting too.heavy for the man. Debts here, and debts there, and debts everywhere." "Not much water in the harbour then, eh f' cried Pete. 41 No, but down on the rocks already, it it's only myself that knows it," shouted Caesar. When they had turned the Sulby Bridge, and come in sight of the Manx Fairy, Pete s excitement grew wild, and he leaped up m his seat and shouted above the wind like a man possessed. " , "My goupb, the wry place! Youve wen thatching, though, yes you have, .i&e; street 1 Holy Bailor, there ltisl- Brownie at you still? Her heifer is it? Get up, Molly I A taste of the whip'Jl do the mare no harm, sir. My sakes, here's ould Flora hobbling out to meet ns. Got the'rheumatics, has she ? Set me down, Caesar. . Here we are, man. Lord alive, roe smell of the cowhouse. That warm and dump;; it's grand! «ilRf' don't you know me, Flo ? Got your temper still if you've lost your teeth t My Bakes, the haggard 1 The same spot again 1 I18.1"T they re burning inside f Ana, my S0!®1?0®: that's herrings toasting in - their brine J Where's grannie, though? Lets putasjpht in, Coeaar. Well, well, aw well, aw Thns Pete came borne, laughing, bawling, and bellowing *to%« *he tumuU o* the wind, which h admen by ibis to®610 ® ?t^S£jther,"*crfed,'Caesar,'going-to iit porch, "gentleman here from.foreign parts to put a word on yon.". . , . " tn I never had nobody there belonging to me-" began grannie. "No. then, nobody f said Caesar. . " One that was fljoing to be, maybe, u wa h^iSel^y«hcmted Pete, and be burst in to"Ck>odu«wme!" cried grannie. " It'a bfB own voice anyway." ; . . . ,h 0u 14 It's himself," ahoated Pete, and the om soul waa In bis arms in an instent. " p l9 "Aw dear 1 Aw dear!" she |»ntrf.. *». itis for sure, Let me sit down, t£oug . SfclU and lor it L»f«a everything." said Ctssui ?" It s ft sort I thought I'd have a sight £n to the packet for his chiss, poor fellow, SAehould ye, who should i 'meet to the two eyes but the wan hinwelN "Aw dear! Its wonderful I It a terrible! I'm silly with the joy," said grannie. "It was lies in the letter the Manx ones were writing," said Caeswr. "Letters and writings are all lies, said <rmnnie "As long as I live I'll take no more nf them, and if that Kelly, the poattnan, cornea here again, I'll take the bellows to hl"So you thought I was gone for good, crannie ?" said Pete. " Well, I thought so too ' Will 1 die f I s*ys to myself times and times; but I bethought me at last there wasn't no sense in a good man like me laving his bones out on the Dare Veldt yonder; so, you see, I spread my wings and came home j 8S"iIt's the Lord's doings-it's marvellous in! otlr eyes," said Cassar; and grannie, who had recovered herself and was bustling about, j Cr'^Let me have a right look at him, then. | Goodness me, the whisker! And-as soft as i Mfinx carding from the mill, too. I like him best when he takes off his hat. Well, I'm proud to see you, bojr. 'Deed, but I wouldn't have known you though. ' Who's the gentleman in the gig with father,' thinks I And I'd have said it was the Dempster himself, if he hadn't been dead and in his °°" That'll do, that'll do," roared Pete. " That's grannie putting the fun on me." ? " It's no uae talking, but I can't keep qpiet ; no I can't,''cried grannie, and. with'that she whipped up a bowl from the kitchen-dresser and fell fariously to peellngthe potatoes that were there for supper. " But where's Kate ?" said Pete. " Aw, yes, where is she ? Kate! Kate !" called grannte, leaning bier head towafds the stairs, and Nancy Joe, who had been standing silent until now, said " Didn't she go to Ramsey with the gig, woman ?" " Aw, the foolish I am ? Of coorse she did, said grannie: " but why hasn't she come back with father?" " She left word at Crellins not to wait," said Caesar. " She'll be gone to Miss Clucas's to try on," said Nancy. " Wouldn't trust now, said eronnie. "She's having two new tlres9es done, Pete. Aw, girls are ter'ble. Well, can you blame them either?" " She shall have two-and-twenty if she likes, God bless her," said Pete. " Goodness me," said Nancy; " is the man for buying frocks for a Mormon ?" "But you'll be empty, boy-put the crow down and the griddle on, Nancy," said grannie. " We'll have cakes. Cakes? Coorse 1 said cakes. Get me the cloth and I'll lay it myself. The cloth, I'm saying, woman. Did you never hear of a table-cloth. Where is it ? Aw, Dear knows where it is now! It's in the parlour; no, it's in the chest on the land ing ; no, it's under the sheets of my own bed. Fetch it, bogh." " Will I bring you a handful of gorse, mother?" said Caesar. "Coorse you will, and not stand chattering there. But I'm laving yon drv, Pete. IB it ale you'll have, or a drop of hard stuff? You'll wait for Kate? Now I like that. There's some life at these totallers. ' Steady abroad?' How dare you, Nancy Joe? You're a dale too clever. Qf coorse he's been steady abroad-steady as.a gun." . . " But Kate," said Pjete, trumping the sanded floor, "is she changedat all?' "Aw, she's a woman, now, boy," said grannie. "Bless my soul 1" said Pete. "She was looking a bit white and narvous one while there, bat Bhe's sprung out of it fresh and bright, same as tne ling on" the mountains. Well, that's the way with young women." " 1 know," said Pete. "Just the break of the morning with the darlings." "But Bhe's the best-looking girl on the island now, Pete," said Nancy Joe. " I'll go bail on it," cried Pete. " Big and fine and rosy, and fit for any thing." "Bless my heart!" " You should have seen ber at the Melliah, it was a' trate.** " God bless me!" "Sun-bonnet and pink frock and tight red stockings, and straight as a standard rose." "Hould your tongue, woman." shouted Pete. " I'l I see herself first, and I m dying to do it." Cffisar came back with the gone; Nancy fed the fire and grannie stirred the oatmeal and water. And while the cakes were baking. Pete tramped the kitchen and examined everything, and recognised old friends with a roar. " Bless me-the aame place still. There's the clock on the shelf, with the scratch on »ta face and the big finger broke at the joint, and the lath-and the peck-and the whip yon ve had it new corded, though " -' Sakes, how the boy remembers!" cried grannie. "And the white rnmpy" (the cat had leapt on to the dresser ont of the reach of Petes dog, and from that elevation was ejr®.,nghim.steadfastly), "and the slowrie and the kettle-and the poker-my gracious, the very poker--" "Now, did you ever!" cried grannie with amazement. ? . .. "And-yes-no-it is though-I'll swear K before the Dempster-that's," said Pete, picking up a three-legged stool, " that's the very stool Bhe was flitting on herself'in' the ,n fr°nt the turf closet., Let me j»u there now for the .sake of bold times gone .. He pnt the stool in the fireplace and sat on «, snouting as he did so, between a laugh ?na. * cry, "Aw, grannie, bogh-grannie, wgh!-to think there's been half the worn Between us since I was sitting here before!" i, ^.nd,Prannie herself, breaking' down, said, Wouldnt you like the tongs, boy? Give home*" t0Dg8« w>man, just to bay he'B at . plucked the tongs out of Nancy's began feeding the fir® with the ,Aw» grannie, have I ever been he cried, laughing, bellowing, end hia wet eyes gleaming. Joe. have yon no nose at all!" cinderburning to a " nwu54 mother," shouted Pete. ?w!L way 8"e waa doing herself when Bwirw^ t|ie chimney. teSl^S^ WnlofeeweJf. with the .cheeks, was flapping ^^^ berfaoe and saying, " Hell eme die of laughing, he Willl though yes, he will!" -But behind the apron she was blabbering to Nancy, "It's coming home, woman, that's it-it's just coming home again, poor boy!" By this time word of Pete's retnrn had gone round Sulby, and the bar-roqin was soon thronged with men and women, who looked through the glass partition into the kitchen at the bronzed and beaTded man, who sat smoking by the fire, with his dog curled up at his feet " There'll be a wedding soon," said one. "The girl's in luck," said another. "Success to the fine girl she always WAS, and lucky they kept her from the poor toot that was beating about on her port bow." 11 The young Ikllawhaine, eh ?' Who else ?" Presently the dog went out to them, and, in default of its master, became the centre of excited interest. It was an old creature, with a settled look of age, and a gravity of expression that seemed to say he had got over the follies of youth, and was now re served and determined to keep the peace. His back was curved in as if a cart-wheel "had gone over his spine, he had gigantic ears, a Btnmp oi a tail, a coat thin and prickly like the bristles of a pig but white and spotted with brown. "Lord save us, a queer dog, though what's his breed at all ? said one; and' then a resounding voice came from the kitchen doorway, saying, " A sort of a Manxman crossed with a bat. Got no tail to spake of, but there's plenty of ears at him. A handy soft of a dog, only a bit spoiled in - his childhood. Not fit for I much company any way, and no naore- notion of dacent behaviout than myould" shoe. Down, Dempster, down." It was Pete.- He wiis greeted - with - loud welcomes, and soon filled the room all round with the steaming odour of sqirits and water. " You've, the Manx tongue at you still, Mr. Quilliam," said Jonaiqup, " and you're oaliiug the dog Dempster : what's that for at all ?' " For sake of the ould island, Mr. Jelly, and for the straight he's like Dempster Mylrpa when he'B a bit crooked," said Pete. " The old man's dead, sir," said John the Clerk. " You don't say !" said Pete. " Yes, though, the sun weiit down on him a Wednesday. The drink, sir, the drink! I've been cutting a sod of his grave to-day." "And who's to be Dempster now?" asked Pete. ^ " Who are they putting in for it?" " Well," said John the Clerk, " they're talking and talking, and some's saying this one and others that one: but the most is Buying your ould friend Philip Christian." " I knew it-I always said it," shouted Pete; " best man in the island, bar none. Oh, he'll not decave me." The wind was roaring in the chimney, and the light was beginning to fail. Pete became restless, and walked to and fro, peering out at intervals by the window that looked on to the road. At this there was some pushing and nudging and indulgent whispering. " It's the girl! Aw, be aisy with the like! Five years apart, be aisy !'* "The meadow's white with . the gulls sitting together like parrots; what's that a sign of, father?" said Pete. "Just a slant of rain, maybe, and a puff of wind," said Caesar. . "But," said Pete, looking up at the sky, " the long cat tail was going off at a slant awhile ago, and now the thick skate yonder is hanging mortal low." " Take your time, sir," said Caesar. " No need to send round the Cross Viistha yet (fiery, cross). The girl will be home, im madiently/' " It'll be dark at her though," said Pete. The company tried to draw him into con versation about the ways of life in the countries he- had visited, but he answered absently and jerkily, and kept going to the door. " Suppose there'll be Dempsters enough where you're coming from," Said Jonaique. "Sort of Dempsters, yes. Called one of them Ould Necessity, because it knows no law. He-rigged up the statute books atop of bis stool for a high sate, and when he wanted them he couldn't find them high or low. Not the first judge that's sat on the law though. . . . It's coming, Caesar, d'ye hear"it? That's the rain on the street." " Aisy, man; aisy, man," said Caesar. " New dresses isn't rigged up in no time. There'll be chapels now, eh? Chapels, and conferences, and proper religious instruc tion ?" " Divil a chapel, sir; only' ai riskety barn belonging to someones they're calling the Sky Pilots to. Wanted the ould miser that runs it to build them a new tabernacle, but he wouldn't part till a lump of plaster fell on his bald head at a love feast, and then he planked down a hundred pound, and they all shouted, * Hit him again, Lord-you might!' . . . D'ye hear that, then? That's the water coming down from the gill. I can't stand no more of it, grannie." Grannie was at the door, straggling to hold it against the wind, while she looked oat into the gathering darkness. "'Deed, bat I'm getting afraid of it myself," she said, " and dear heart knows where Kerry can be at this time of night." " I'm off to find her," said Pete, and, catch ing up his hat and whistling to the dog, in ft moment he was gone. 