Slialccspcrtrfl'O Qaiulct. The tragedy was first published in 1603. It was partly founded on a work by Haxo Grnranlious, a Danish historian. Shakes peare has given uo several editions, each time endeavoring to mako tho play more perfeat. The principal ohuraatcrs of this drama are formed of tho royalty of Denmark. In tho political management, the Danish orown 10 tho object sought. To gain it, Claudius com mas murder on the poroon of hia brother, by pouring into his oar a slow but deadly poison. Hudson states that tho quoon was no acoom- plioo in tbe matter, and perhaps had no sus picion ot it. But oho dcaaived tho king, bar former husband and Hamlet's father, and in her interview with Hamlet she partly con fessed hor guilt. Raskin sayo: "In Bbakeopoaro tho cataa- tropho of every play io caused always by the folly or fault of a man ; the redemption, if there bo any, in by tho wisdom and virtno of a woman, and failing that, there is nono !" Claudius, it is true, did commit tha murder, but ho knew, beforehand, thai by this not he oould marry the queon and thus gain posses sion oi the dovetail orown. Tha leading characteristics of the tragedy io Hamict's madness. The murdor of his father and ths guilt of his mothor Boemcd to pray ocaealessly on hia mind; though ho woo not proolsimad to bo mad until after bis in terview with tho ghost. Tkia seems to bo an apparition of his murdered father, and is thought, by eomo, to bo merely n supernatu ral vision of Hamlot's imagination. Horclates to him tbe dark history of how ho was mur dered ; that while olcopmg in his garden, an- oonsoious of evil, Claudius had stolon upon him and administered a poison wbiah bad tho oCeot of a eorpent's sting ; and by hia brothor's hand ho bad at onoo lost life, crown, and quoon. It seems that Hamlot had suo- pccted(thie,bat had kept silent. Tho fjhoat enjoined upon him two things: first, that ho mast rovenga tho murdor; second, that however ho pursued his rovenge, he must not otain hia soul or taint his oonBoicnoo ; yet ha leaves to hio own judgment how this must be douc. In ths alosot ooono with his mother, the ghost would appear to bo purely imaginary, for it speaks to Hamlet, and ho draws hor at- tontion diroctly to it, yet she neither sacs nor bcaro it, Soma Shakesperisntragodians treat this as an expression of n diatnmporcd mind, wherein Hamlot ropraacbes himself for his tardinoro in revenging the murdor; whiah not ho doas not porform until just betoro his own doath. Undoubtedly Hsmlet saw tho inevitablo harm that would aomo to him if ho murdered tho king without somo justifioatiou of the aat. The poople ot Denmark would not suffer lh; murderer of their king to go uupmiiched Hudson says: " Shakospears portrays many groat criminals, mon and women, too who for awhile rido in triumph over virtus wronged, and he always brings tbom to punishment, oo for as tbis world can punish thsm. Eat bo novor in a siuglo inBtanos does this till their orimes an laid open to the world so that all'about thsm recogniue the justloo oi their fate." The oritios have spent muoh labor on ths question ot Hamlot's madness, as to whether ho was or was not mad ; yet tho svideaco is so strong both ways that a dooision has never been tally rgrced upon. Hamlot appears to ba porfootly rational when with Horatio. Ila confides to him all bis sorrows and his plans, and nsks only hio assistanoe. Horatio is ouo ot Shakespeare's noblest obaraotcrs, honost, candid, and true till death. Thoso couoornod in tha play truly believe Hamlet mad, with the exception of tho king, whoso guilty conscience tollo him the malady is only foigned to oonocal some scores pnr- pose ; tor bs knows that Hamlet saspeota tbe orlmo. In his intexviow with Ophelia, Hamlet scorns sans enough. Ho saspeots that Bhe has boon seat to him with somo crafty de sign, and that thoy oro watched and liotoned to ; ho rails at bcr and frames bis speech oo no to deociva tho eavesdroppers as wall Tbis betrays wonderful prcssnco of mind and con trol of will for one whoso mental powers arc deranged. It io not until oho tollc him a falsehood that his rage breaks forth. When ho soes tho king at prayers, bo io tempted to kill him on the spot ; yet with hio powerful will, resolutely refrains from doing so. Tho moat pathctio and tonohing part ot the drama is ths grid of Ophoiia. She docs not rave, and there lies tho pathos. Hors is a sad; quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing soul within, and tells bettor tho talo of woo than oould any raving demonstration. A superhuman power calmly works out the contending, conflicting purposes, tha bofflad aims and disappointed hopes, oi tneso weak human agents, thereby tosobingui that a Divine l'rovidcnos guards and gnldco tho toheroes of frail humanity. Haratot doos not perform tho mission ot his lifo till just betoro it ends. Tbe king, who bad been sooretly working against him, prornrou a cup of wine containing poison, whioh he invites him to drink; but JQamlet easpsolu the treachery, and the king is bstRjd. Ho lias also enven omed tbo point ot Laertes' sword, to bs plunged remorselessly into Hamlot's boart ; bat by ths intricate working at things it enters his own instead. Hamlet dien in the arms of Horatio. Every thing io worked oat ia his favor, and he at last performs hie duty in a way that leaves his obaraoter ubdnllicd and his soul nn- stained. " And that should texali as There ia a divinity that shapes onr odds, Rough-hew thorn how wo will." 