AN OUTCAST, It 7o50rp IOOKING, "?u ~Toe 't of nadrew ahtrf,, ! Jabas Zaash ook," " illah," is, [Au ieas l?ThsUsvan.] Pbiish4 by special arrangement woith Lsir,. Ward, Lock and Bowden, Limited. [ALL BIGHTS BESEZRVD.] CHAPTER II.-- CoiT?rmnn. A few days later Mr. Roberts returned from Melbourne. He had not enjoyed his visit, he said, and was not so keen at bargaining as he used to be. He hoped Ishmael would go in the future, and then he looked towards his daughter, as if wondering whether the young man had spoken while he had been away. " You posted my letter ?" said Ishmael, at length. "Yes," repli'd Richard, " I managed to do that, and I bought a paper for you. I thought you might be interested in it. It's an oldish one, but I see it's printed at Truro, and as you told me you comed from the West of England, I knowed it would interest you more than a later one that might be printed in London. Here it is, The West Britoa. The chap as sold it to me told me he only got it by accident." He handed the paper to Ishmael, who went out alone to read it. It was the first communication he had receive t from there, and where his heart's love still remain" , and he wanted to be alone and in silence ,, he read it. The first page interested him but little, neither did the second, although he read several items about the markets of Bodmin, Liskeard, St. Austell, and many other places with a curicus feeling at heart. It seemed so strange that he, away in Australia. should be reading accounts of the doings of people in the county of his boyhood. Presently hie heart gave a throb, and the blood rcc'd d from his face, while for a second his hands trembled so that he dropped the pap, r. He picked it up again immediately, how ever, and this was what he read : " There were great rejoicings at Coambs head, the seat of Francis Retallick, Esq.. on Wednesday last, on the homecoming of Mr. Frank Retallick with his fair young bride. Our readers will remember the festivities on the oc 'aion of their mar riage, recorded in this paper some time ago. Since then they have been to the South of France, and Italy, also across the Mediterranean to Algiers. Evidently they have spent an exceedingly happy honey moon, for both look well and very joyous The young bride, especially, entered int the spirit of the festivities on Wednesday. not allowing the shadow which fell on her life by the sudden and sad death of her father to interfere with the natural gaiety of the occasion. We heartily wish the young couple every blessing, and have no doubt that in due time the young squire will represent our interests in the House of Commons as one of our county members." At first Ishmael read this in a dazed, distracted sort of way, but presently its meaning became more clear to him. Grace, the maiden whom he had fondly called his Grace, had wedded Frank Betallick. She had fulfilled her vow. He knew what was become of her now, and a shadow as black as night had fallen upon him. All these months. in spite of everything, he had a sort of hope that Grace would refuse to become Retallick's wife. Surely she who bad confessed her love for him, who had clung to him when he bade her go, would never fulfil a promise made in a moment of mad frenzy. Not that he ex pected her to soften in her feelings towards him, for he had driven her father ti death; but he had a sort of feeling that somehow she would refuse to link her life with a man whom on her own confession she did not love. But that was over row. He read that she was gay and joycus that she had forgotten all sadness, ay, and forgotten her fond vows of love which she had made to him. He laughed a hard bitter laugh, like the Ishmael of old time The cold cruel look came back to his eyes, his face became sullen and cynical, like it was before he realized his love. Fora momenthe almo't regretted the step he had taken, and felt tempted to go back to England and claim his rights. Why should he not ? Why should this false, fickle creature enjoy his wealth with a man for whom she had for saken him ? But this feeling only possessed his heart for a moment. No sooner did the thought enter his mind toan he repelled it, for he felt that his love for Grace was as strong as ever. He dared not ruin her happiness by going b -ck No, no; the sacrifice should be complete. He would be as nobody, he would spend the few years of his life in loneliness and solitude, and then he would die, unknown and uncared-for. For hours he walked alone in the solitude of the Australian farmand alone he fought his battle. Surely it was well for Grace that she did not know, well for her that in her ease and gladness she did not realizl that this great-hearted man dragged out hours of agony because she had discarded him. Still, he felt that somehow God was just. Grace ought to be happy, for she was free from guilt, while he who had sown the seeds of hate must reap. And he was reaping, reaping a harvest that was maddening him. He realized more than ever that nell was not a place, that it was a condition of the heart and hfe, and that whether in England or in the solitude of Australia, it mattered not, for he carried his sorrow with him. Still, he could not help loving Grace. True, she was another man's wife, and she had condemned him without fair judg. ment, bunt this could not kill his love; ay, and he was glad of his love, too. It was still the bright spot inhis life, it was still one ray that shone from heaven. While he loved her he was not a lost man, and through it, hopeless though it was, he was saved from the darkness of despair Thus, jt, his hopeless love made him feel that there Zu?st be a world beyond, and that in that grea, life he would claim as his the heart he did Zot understand. And thus, after many hours of battling, a sort of peace came p p.n him. He knew the worst, and after a time a great quiet strength came into is e asrt. Somehow, h" sorrow, ay his very des1aigr, d him £u? ,'.to a larger hope and life, Dim yet, hut still not unreal; and he felt that 5J-ie how the GCd who had given the harvest so jnstly, would ' thegreat sweep of Eternity eaplain to him, so that he might explain to her, the mystery of heir past pain. On the following d' ho noticed how kind and considerate ar oert was, and he saw, too, how anxiou 0 h fte was for him to take the burden . respon sibility and care from his shoulders. u he could not think of that yet; per p.s in time he might see that the course of hi. lif5 lay in that direction. The weeks still passed away, and lengthened into months, and Ishmael be came accustomed to the thought of Grace being the wife of Frank Betallick, but the love that surged in his heart for her was as great as ever. Then suddenly he awoke to the thought that it was a sin to encour age this love. She was another's, she could never be his. Was it not his duty to seek to hill such an affection, and to drive all thoughts of her away from his mind ? Perhap , if he wedded Mary Roberts, he might forget Grace-at least, in that way. Day by day he saw more and more what a true, simple-minded girl this child of solitude was, and saw, too, how gladly she received every kind word he spoke. Should he not ask her to behis wife, ?ndthe, be cause of his duty to her, he would crush I the love he felt for Grace. a What be might have done I know not, r for he began to feel careless about happi- t nees or sorrow. He desired to do right, 1 but somehow, his mind was clouded and a great weight rested upon him. But his 1 interest was slightly aroused by a message s from John Fraser. asking him to come and give him some advice in r-lotion to his a stock. He had had very bad luck, so he I said, and " his idasa " wouldn't do, and he c wanted IEhmael to come, and give him a r helping hand. Accordingly, one morning c Ishmael started to visit John Fraser, t thinking, no doubt, that that worthy had c squandered his money, and was in trouble a generally, but never dreaming that his h visit would again link his life to the sorrow 0 of the past, and again place dread alterna tives before him. Yet so it was, for "The wheels of God grind slowly, But they grind exceeding small." And so, in spite of his hopelessness, he r was still led onward by a path which he knew not. I CHAPTER III. LONELT VALLYT. " If thine enemy hunger, feed him; ifi he thirst, give him drink."--ST. PAUL. "The quality of mercy is not strained; It droppeth, as the gentle rain from heaven, Upon the place beneath; it is twice blessed, h It blesseth him that gives and him that takes : 'Tis might iest in the mightiest ; it becomes The thronicd monarch better than his crown It is an attribute to God Himself ; b And earthly power doth then show likest h God's t1 When mercy seasons justice." -Merchant of Venice. b " Well, Fraser, what's wrong ?" 8 "A man of honor, of principle, of con- g science, of idaas, can't get on at all," re- P plied John gravely. "Been taken in F., ti " Bought some head of cattle cheap, and they turned cut to be diseased. They've all died, and my money's gone g "Ah, said Ishmael wearily, tell me how db you stand in other matters." d A few minutes later, he- understood d John's position. It was not nearly as bad k as he expected, but was still bad. He needed cattle greatly, and he had no money to buy. There was no. grain , to sell, the time for shearing the sheep was not yet come, while to sell the sheep if to buy bullocks would be a matter of robbing Peter to pay Paul. On the whole John was solvent, but he el sadly needed a helping hand in the way of li ready money. " Do you know of any cattle for sale P " asked Ishmael. " Yes; a man has some to sell in Lonely Valley." el "I'll go and have a look at them," said ishmael; "you may get them cheap. If i see fit I'll buy some. 1'11 take your shepherd with me, and you must do his work." " But surely I'm the man to go with o you," said John, with dignity. "No," said Ishmael; "I couldn't stand your company." y He went away towards Lonely Valley, ti taking Fraser's shepherd with him. Lonely Valley was a place worthy its it name Surroundd by a range of hills, it was hidden from sight, and while one end of the valley contained good fertile land, the other was a miasmatic swamp. A more lonely place could not be found in the wilds of Australia. After some searching they found, not the farmer, but his servant. who stated that he was empowered to sell the cattle. Ishmael did not like the look of this fellow, and he quickly discovered that the man was exceedingly anxious to make a bargain at a price far below their value rather than not sell the cattle at all. " Where is your master P" he asked, t presently. The man turned his finger northward. "I will go and see him." g "It's no use. He wean't see nobody. He keeps out of sight, and never speaks." " Why P What a his name ? " "' He's a queer man, he's allays looking round as though he was 'fraid. He told me I could sell the bullocks. His name is John Green." Ishmael watched the man closely, and felt convinced that something was wrong. " I'll go and see him," he repeated. g "No use," said the man, kicking a stump of wood uneasily, " he wasn't see c you; besides, he's ilL" " Ill! What's the matter with him ?" I "I dunnow, and don't care. I'm not a goin' to say here. 'Tis lonely enough to make a man die of the blues. How much tI 11 'ee give for the cows?" It " I must see your master," said Ishmael. "Come, Bill," speaking to Fraser's shep- .a herd, "we'll drive the cattle to Green's a house." " No," said the man sulkily; "what's i the use?" Then he garnished his , language with several oaths. Without a word Ishmaeldrove the cattle a towards the farmer's house, the man fol lowing and expostu ating. When he saw a that they paid no attention he turned and e left them. Evidently he had been seeking a to serve his own ends. After a time they came up to the farmer's house-a poor, a dreary-ooking shanty built of rough slabs e of wood. There were no signs of life any where. " The place do ink deserted," said the a shepherd. Ishmael rapped the door of the hut with c his stick, and in reply heard a faint F murmur, whereupon he entered Lying on a low bed in the ccrner of the room he saw the form of a man. He could b not see his face, for it was turned towards t the wall, but he judged him to be ill. r " 1 heard you had some cattle for sale," " said Ishmael, "and I came over to look at d them. I d.d not like the look of your man, and so I thought I'd come to you. I ' did not know you were so ill." The man on the bed moved uneasily, and groaned. "I've been ill in bed for a week," he said, in weak voice; "before that I could do nothing for a long while. The old woman left me, while the man has been selling everything without consulting me." S"We thought so mush," said the shep herd, "that's why we come to you. But be you 'ere all'lone like this P Don't no body tend on you like P Who gita yer mait P" "I1 don't want any one," said the sufferer. "I can't eat, I only want drink. I've got a jug of water." As he spoke, Ishmael's hand trembled, and his eyes shone strangely. " Go out and keep your eye on the cattle," he said, in a husnky voice. Tha man obeyed, leaving Ishmael alone with the sufferer. "It surely cannot be," he muttered. SNo, no s" but he went up to the sick man, and pulled away the handkerchief which he partly covered his head. He saw the face,? d man, slightly past middle ase, who had evidently been shamefully neglected, ann was in a terrible condition. All this, however, did not hide the identity "f the sufferer. It Was Reuben Pen wis.en I For a moment Ishmael was !Oo ataonhhed to speak; the m.a whom he thought dead was not dead at all, and, in spite-of .erthing. a great joy came into his heart He had not killed him I But this was only for a moment. Reuben Pen withen alive or er;e-en Penwithen dead could not avail now, fos Grace had made her choice, she had taken her .asl step. The sufferer looked up toweds kis visitor with a languid stare. Evidently the few minutes of reason which he had possessed were nearly gone. "Who are you P" he said vacantly. ,Iy God I' exclai&ed; Ishml?. * It is he I it is ieuben Penwithen I'" 'Wmbat ia that 1" said the sick msa. .,1Ye, tbe owvu, and the sheep, ad ~a young cattle, they all went away, and I am so thirsty. Oh, my poor bhead ! Never mind, there's a good spring at the end of the house, and nobody can find me here. Yea, I'm safe, I'm safe !" He was quite delirious now, and knew not who was near, while Ishmael rea'ised that his breath was fIctid and laden with disease. The young man went out into the open air, and the world seemed a changed place. Bill, the shepherd, was smoking, while the cattle quietly grazed; all was quiet and restful, and yet to him all was turmoil and confusion. In a few minutes he realised how things stood. Reuben Penwithen had not committed suicide, doubtless he had been afraid when the time had come, and, instead, had left the country because he was "fraid of the law. He had come to Lonely Valley Decause it was the loneliest and least fre quented place he could find. All had gone well for a time ; but, when he became ill, the servants had, no doubt, taken advantage of him, and robbed him, and, to end all, they had left him in his sickness and sor row. Thus the man who had blighted his life lay ill, perhaps dying, lonely and forsaken. The nearest neighbor was many long miles away, and he was without food, help, or friends. The fate which Ishmael, in his young days, had hoped would befal Reuben Penwithen could scarcely be worse than this. Truly, he was avenged I The man's life seemed largely in his hands now. iHe had no friend, no deliverer I Well, why should he care ? No doubt the days of his children's mourning were at an end, they had bee me resigned to his supposed death. Why should he trouble, then ! This man had blighted, rained his life-let him die I If-ah, if Grace's fate were not sealed, had he not seen that terrib!e nsespaper paragraph, it might have been to his advantage to risk his life by nursing the fever-.stricken man back to health, and have taken him back home, and then to have said to Grace, "See, I have saved your father, and have brought him back to you." But that could not be now. She was the wife of another, and had entered gleefully into the wedding festivities. Sup pose he left him, who would know, who would caret "An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth." For a long time this feeling possessed him as he wandered alone among the forest glade!. Yes, he would take the shepherd back, and leave him. Perhaps he might, for decency's sake, tell about the poor wretch dying alone; but that would be all, for he knew of no one who would come and nurse hm. Evidently he was suffenng from an attack of fever, the nature of which was well known and greatly dreaded, and he was sure that even if a nurse could be got to attend him, she would not come till too late if he were left alone now. And why should not this be the case I He, Ishmael, was a soured, hopeless man; why shaold he seek to nurse his enemy back to 1 life, and send him back to his children 1 "I say, boss, what are 'ee agoin' to do ? It'll be dark in three hours, and there's a journey o' fifteen miles," shouted Bill. "It'll be bright moonlight," said Ishmael shortly. " True; but I wants to git back, I do," " Very well, we'll go together." '" What about the balsts " "Let them stay." " And the tick man I a'pose that sneak 1 of his'll come back to nurse him " "Just so," said Ishmael. They had walked perhaps a hundred yards, while the cattle looked wistfully after them ; then Bid said: " Seems kind o' bad to leave 'un, don't it I" " Why t will you go and nurse him 1" "*Not me. Besides, his oan man-that is -he looks as though he's got the dark fever." ' He's left him; you heard him say so. Besides, he's tried to rob him." "I don' know nothin"bout that, but 'isn't for me to go back and tend to 'nn." Ishmael stopped suddenly. "Bill," he said, "you've got the dog. Your coumd take those cattle back." " I dessay." "Then do it, and tell Fraser to send word to Mr Roberts that I shan't be back for a time. I'm going to get a nurse for him." " But, bat-" " That'll do. Do as I say. If yon can't get back to-night you can turn into Harris's place; he'll put yoa up for the night." "All right." They turned back, and a few minutes later Bill was drivin RBenben Penwithen's cattle towares John Fraser's farm. Then Ishmael went back to the hut where Reuben Pen. tithen lay. He stopped at the door and listed. The sick man was delirious. He talked loudly about Grace and Bertie; he accused himself of being a murderer, all for gain. " Grace is breaking her heart I" he cried cried. "And so is Bertie. My poor chil dren I Ah, they don't know. Yes, they do. They will have found out their father's a murderer. That fiend, Ishmael, will let rhem know. Then they'll loathe me, for they'll be ,corned by everybody; and yet I love them so. My poor Amelia's children I" " I'll do it for Grace's sake," Ishmael said. "' She is another man's wife, but I love her still. I'll nurse him for her sake. If he dies, well, I shall have done my beat; and if not, I can tell him the truth and send him sack happy. At any rate, I shall have made Grace happy-and she, oh, God help me I" He still loathed Beuben, he still felt that all the gladness of his life had been taken out of his life by this man; bat, at any rate, ne would do his best, He entered the house again, and as he did so. he felt the air to be full of disease. It was little he knew of nursing, but in his varied reading he had learnt enough to know the general course of this fever, from which, nodoubt, BRmbenwasasuffering. After watch. mg him an hour, and remembering what he nad said, he came to the conclusion that the patient must have been snffering for some time. On his own confession he had been in ne4 nearsy a week, while before that he had been unwell, From what he had read and heard he knew that while the fever gene rally came suddenly, and revealed itself in a shivering fit, sometimes the poison of the disease worked slowly, and caused listless ntl., loss of appetite, and wandering pains in the body. This had evidently been the case with Renben. He noticed that the tongue was dry and brown, while the teeth and lips were mvested with the morbid epithelium which had been shed. The pulse was weak bu freqeenat. From these symptoms he concladeu that the fever must have been in the system for nine or ten days. If that were so, the next four or five days would be most critical. A doctor had told him that dtath seldom occurred after the fifteenth day of the disease; hence every care must be taken. Why had he not told Bill to run for a doctor t But then he reflected that doctors were not of great skill or cleverness in the bush, and might not be of so much value Still, he wished he had thought of it, for now it seemed impossible to take any steps in that direction. He dared not leave him, for he knew that patients suffering from this disease often tried to get out of bed, and thus if no one were near, death would be al most inevitable. Still, ha hoped that in a day or two some one would come. He was glad now that he had studied doctors' book, years ago, glad that he had a general knowledge how to proceed. lie remembered much o what his mother had told htm as a boy. Like most women living in lonely neighborhoods, she had a knowledge of the use of herbs, and she had told him, Of the science of medicine, how. ever, he knew next to nothing, and, even if he did, the knowledge would not have availed him now, for he was far, far away from aly peae where drageof any sort could be obtamed. .Re started to work, first of all caring for the comfort of his patient. He caused the atmosphere of the iooni ?o be made sweet, and then searched among the box.s in an adjoining room for clean clothes. Tendefr7 uas a woman, he did *1 in his power to make the bed more pleasant on which to lie, and then he began to search around for some thing in the way of food. Ha went out into the yard, but could see nothing asuitable. He came in again and looked ipto the kitchen, which had elsa been used u a pantry. There was little of Imms. l at e ree1 bat be tfond a g?ma baad. mill and some wheat. Presently he espied a gcn and a bag containing cartridges. This he immediately loaded and went oat again. The evening was drawing in, but there was Ieht enough for him to see a couple of birds. These he shot, and prepared to cook them. It was strange .work to Ishmael, but he managed pretty well, and in a little while had prepared a tasty dish. Reuben Pen withen was still delirious, bat he took the soup Ishmael gave him, and his bed being more comfortable, he lay with more ease. Phis over, he arranged a simple meal for himself, and then went out into the open air again The night had come on now, and all was silent as death. So great was the silence that it seemed to make a noise. The moon shine brightly, and the air seemed pure; but the loneliness was terrible. He reflected that he was miles from the nearest house, and that Lonely Valley was generally de serted. No doubt Reuben Penwithen had chosen it for this reason. Perhaps too, this was why his servants left him. Everything was terribly strange. In the morning he believed him dead, and he hated his memory, now he was caring for him as if he had been his frieni, or brother. Why was it? He had wanted to leave him, but could not, something forehade him. He had come back to nurse him; perchance, to see him die. How silent, how dreary, how lonely I And yet he felt happier than he had done for a long while. Why was itt? He could not tell. He went into the hut again and lit a little oil lamp, and thus could see his patient. He murmured constantly about Grace, and Bartie, and Penwithen, also about the ghost of some one, who, he said, he could not recognise. And then, again, he seemed to worry about his farm, and the way his ser vants treated him. But he was not wild in his delirium, and he spoke like one intensely weary. Ishmael went out again. The terrible silence of the night seemed to have a fasedi nation for him. How long would it be be fore some one would call? Sarely Bill would let Fraser know what he had said, and Fraser would send to Richard Roberts. In two days at latest, some one would come. He was conscious of a curious small in the air he was breathing. Scarcely a breath of wind blew, but he fancied that nowand then there was a slight movement in the atmos phere, coming from a northward direction. The smell became stronger. He looked, and saw a vapour rising from the swamp. He had heard of poisonous vapours coming from these swamps, which had a terrible effect upon some people. He looked around him, the valley was hemmed in by hills. He began to think of the possible significance of this. When he entered again. Reuben seemed more uneasy, and Ishmael detected that the smell had entered the room. In his anxiety to sweeten the air he had opened the little casement window, and thus let in the foul smelL He closed it again as quickly as possible, but made a little open ing on the other side. He knew the value of fresh air for such a disease Presently the patient became more restful, and lsh mael, going to the other side of the room, lay down to rest. The night p ssed slowly away, and when the morning came Reuben showed no signs of reason. Ishmael did all in his power; but he longed with a great longing for some one to come ; but he longed in vain. The day passed without anything worth noting, so did the next, and still the next. No one came, no help was afforded in any way. Reuben was always worsee at night, especially was this the case when the vapour was thick. And so the two were together, alone. Reuben knew that he was carefully waited upon, but he did not recognise Ishmael. He took no interest in him, but the young man knew that, considering all things, Reuben stood a fair chance of recovering. The fifth day came to an end, and still no one came, and Ishmael began to lose hope. The few things which the old woman, who hadacted as hteuben's housekeeper,had left in the little kitchen were nearly consumed, and he knew not how to get more; he knew, too, that the food he was able to obtain for the sick man was not suitable. What could he do? For, in spite of himself, a great hungering desire came into his heart to save Reuben. He knew not why, and yet at times he felt as though he would gladly give his life for him. Why was it? Perhaps it was his helplessness, perhaps it was because he wanted him to recover for the sake of Grace; and yet this did not explain suffi :iently. Why should his heart be sad when he was worse, and rejoice when he was better? Why should he almost delight in doing things that in themselves were almost loathsome, so that the patient might have comfort. Why did he long for his recovery P? Oh, if only some one would come ? Why was it that he was left alone ? The truth was that Bill did not get back to Fraser with the cattle until the day after he had left Ishmael, and then he had carelessly mentioned the fart of Ishmael having gone to find a nurse for the sick man, which might detain him days. This news P.aser did not communicate to Bichard Boberts until two days after. When Richard heard of it he did not see what he could do, and, as Mary had gone away to visit the neighbors mentioned in the last chapter, the farmer did little but grumble at ishmtel's absence, and wonder, when, day after day, he did not come. dtill, he knew that Isbmael did not care to be interfered with, and he knew, too, that he was ahundantly able to care for him self. Thnus leshmselwas left alone with Reuben, who, unaided by any human skill, and with only Mother Nature and common sense to help him, fought a dread disease. On the fitlh day Ishmael realfsed that BRuben was better. He was no longer deli riuns, but he seemed like a child. He ap peaured to recognise him, but it made no fm pression on him. But Ishmael was not ur. prrased at this. Perhaps, another day his reason might become ciar. And so, indeed, it proved. The young man, seeing his patient asleep in the afternoon, had gone out for a few minates; when he came back he saw that a great change had come about. A look of inteuligence shone in his eyes, and he wu evidently carefully connecting events, As Ishmasl entered, he looked up, half fearfally, half wonderingly. '' You are ishmael, lashmal Pengely I" he said excitedly; "and you have nursed me to life F' "Yes," replied Ishmael quietly. (Ta he Conlinuaed.) 