AN OUTCAST, !BT 10l31 OCOKING, SAuhr d" % *? Ih r et Andrew airfi," "Jlabs >t rWbaok," "Zillak," he, [Aas ?iesm Brnsave.] Publhlal by specid crragemenf towith Me'a. Ward, Lock and Bowden, Limited. BOOK IV. wABVJiST. CHAPTER I. ]OW rT BwGAT. *There are two angels that attend unseen Each one of us, and in the great book record Our good and evil deeds. He who writes down The good ones, after every action closes His volume, and ascends with it to God. hOther ^keeps luhis Tll sunset, that we may repent; which The record of the action fades away, And leaves a line of white across the Now? any act be good, as I believe it, It cannot be recalled. It is already Sealed up in Heaven, as a good deed accomplished. The rest is yours. -LONGFELLOW. The time was the evening following the night of the dark deed on the cliffs. The place was the library of Penwithen. Throughout the morning Reuben had sat there brooding. Sometimes he felt safe from all danger,at other times he trembled at every sound. When lunch was over he could stay indoors no longer, so he had ordered his horse to be saddled, and had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on business, but really to hear what people were talking about. To his surprise, nothing was said of Fraser. No one knew of his death. MIen had been working along the coast all the morning, but no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea had not given up its dead. Well, so much the better for him. Perhaps the body might float for days, and then be washed on the beach at Padstow, or New Quay, or Bude. It might be that no one would connect it with John Fraser. That worthy had told his tap-room com panions again and again that he should go to America, where there was room for a man of his talents; and so suspicions would be diverted into other channels. Well, he should say nothing. A great longing came to him to go to the scene of the struggle, but he said he would not be weak enough for that. He had heard of many murderers being discovered in that way, but he would not be so foolish. And so he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, and appeared gay andhappy all the time, but directly the meal concluded he locked himself in the library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, the lamp on the table sent out a cheerful light, and Beuben enjoyed his comfortable surroundings. He had not partaken of much dinner, but, contrary to his usual custom, he had drunk several glasses of wine, and thus for the time, was flushed with a false courage. In an hour or two its influence would leave him, but at present its power was grateful. He had sat about an hoar when a knock \- came to the door, and, on his opening it, a "Doy?ou know the boy ?" "Yes. air; it was Jane Hendy's boy abe as was servant 'ere years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan'." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful and satisfied. He locked the door again, however, and, sitting down in his arm chair, opened the envelope. After that he looked at the address. It was evidently written by a woman who had had little practice in the art of writing. Thus it "to mr. Ruben penwithn up to Penwithn:" "~'ho can this be from ?" he mused, and then taking out the letter, read as follows "respected sur. i ope yu will suense me for ritin. yew was a good master to me up to your ouse, an i that yu wud like to no wot was goiN on, so i am itin this. bout ten o'clock this mornin that black aired chap called Ishmul who do live up to Coombehed, corned in 'ere see he ard to work Missus Hendy. iss says i, tis a lot ar.serhein marrid than bein in earvied like I woa up to penwithn, i was Jane Bicket then, an ad a good time cos master pen w?ithn woe gich a good maaster, says i. he's a villin see ge, no sh thing see i, ee was a good maater to me of ever there was one, look ere see ee, eeon no rite to be there, an somebody els will be there soon, git away see i, for i never did like that chap, ee allays made me feel oal creepy -ke, well sea ee you new mrs hendy that Sdo ave curyns ways, and eeve got a =acet, i've found it oat, ive got the thing heve bi bhidin for years, an you will soon aee a new n-aster to penwithn, tie in my pocket sea ee elappin his jacket, and ee aned Cal eurynus ike sea ee i aint a bin lookin ool thaise years fur nothin, wet do ee main says i, you will jýa new sea ee, then ee shawed his teeth again ` looked strange round the eyes and went of. tien sea? to myself mr penwithn shud anew this but i beant well nuff to walk fur at present mo i~send my little boy without tellin any body your obedient sarvent jane Hendy. "to mr Ruben Penwithn "up to penwithn. pm please sur ee said something bout your soon bem in Bodmun jail." When Reuben finished reading this etle he was tremblinglike an aspen leaf; when he had read it the second time a cold swea stood on his forehead. Was themana d- eno How could he have found itP Dr the letter refer to the will at all ? He remembered Jane Hendy as a gossiping girl who had been servant at Penwithen, hut who was, nevertheless, honest and truthfuL Could it be that it had come to light a?ter all these years? What was the use of last night's terrible deed now ? While he was struggling with Fraser, who he belleved was the essential link, this Nemesis must by some means have discovered the secret hiding-place sad found what he had sold his soul to S.Oh, devil, thou art a hard master I" he cried. "Twenty-flve years have I kept this thing a eecret, and now it will come to light. I shall be hissed at, stoned, driven out of the neighbourhood. Oh, father, did jon rear me for this Margery Goudge, did you tempt me for this ? Come back, Sou old bag; come from your grave and me what I am to do I" He read the letter a third time. Yes, it was plain enough. He had hid it all these years s last night he had taken the life of hes fellow-man to preserve his eecret, and al1fr this. Even his children would loathe him. 5tep, though ! He must think, think. 3upci the will were found, suppose his worst. What would be the comaequence F The game might not be lost. Who could say the will was genuine Could he not urge that it had been forged ? Who was Ishmael? A nameless man, com .garvely, with unknown antecedents. W-ho would gain by thewill? Ishmaeland bis mother. Well, the mother had been looked upon as mad, while Ishmael was ve would claim that the wl asf aot ndtthen if the case was decided spinet k tiwy would be taamep d At least, Ishmael would. Ah, the case wa not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margeryhad died years before as for John Fraser, he would never e heard of again. Who would accept Ish el' statement? No one. He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of is standing in the county would be believed a thousand times before this man. Ye, he would fight to the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax ? No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ish mel had spoken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him ? Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her ? No that would give credence to Ishmael's statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place was unknown and even if it was known, a hundred men might search and never find it. A dark hole difficult to see, and then-no, no, it could not be! Again he perused the letter, and the more he felt confirmed in his opinion. He looked at his watch. It was nine o'clock. He went to the window and looked out. It was a wild night. The sky was leaden, anthewinds howled fiercely. The pale rounded the house, hut between the gust of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which were fast be coming bare. The winter was coming on early,. ac e went back to his chair and sat down again. e most know the truth of this, he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he should be certain, so that he might make his plans accordingly. He bad made up his mind to keep indoors during the evenings ; last night's work had htrng his nerves and made him weak. The memory of it was terrible. Still, th work was done, and he would no longer be harassed in that direction. Oh, if Ishmel floated by his side I" Yes, I'll go and see," he said, at length "it'll ba terrible journey, but I'll go." He looked at his watch again and ca sidered. "The tide will be at its height at half past eleven," he mused; "by half-past twelve I can get along at the foot of the cliffs. If I start from here at about a quarter to twelve I shall be able to manage easily. I wonder if there is any truth in the old folks' stories ? I wonder whether the ghosts of murdered people do appear at night time? It'll be a terrible onrney; but-yes, I'll go; I shall never rest till I'm certain." He got up and looked in the glass. "I look an old man," he said, as he gazed on the reflection of his haggard face. "Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my hair will be white. Yes aother hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours since I did it. Oh, I never thought it would come to this I" He sat down again, and rocked to and fo in his misery. "r better give it up," he cried, "I'd better go to Ishmael and make terms with him. He'll surely be willipg -to make arrangements. I can give him Grace's dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangementst? Grace would be glad. I can e that she hates the thought of marrying letallick, even although she's sacrificing herself for my sake. I wonder if he would, now ? No, no, I'll not ask a favour of him ; I'll fight it to the end; los or win, I'll do it I " At a quarter to twelve he put on a pair of thick oots and a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in his vercat pocket. Then he took some matches, end after striking two or three, to see that thignited neatily, he studied a minete, as f €doabt as to whether the-'.ewas any. blug mere. He- noiselessly oeened the irry door and stood in the dark passage. O rememberedi being there with Judith long rears before. Ah, how she loved him Yes, that night was the first step in the great which bad ended twenty-five years afterwards in murder. No, not that justifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was silent, no sound brok-the stillness of the night. He thught he heard one of the servants breathing heavily, but that was all Every one was asleep but himself, and he felt as though he should never sleep again. Like Macbeth, he had murdered it. He turned the lamp low, and crept through the passage into the kitchen, and then went out into the yard by the kitchen door. A dog leaped forward with a low growl, but seeing who it was whined affec. tionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him. "I dare not talke him," he muttered, "althogh he would be company. Lie down here in the kitchen, old man; and be quie." The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried across the yard bthe lane. He stood still ad listened. Nothing could be heard save the wind moaning through the trees, He hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now d then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, no soundas heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at the cliffs, and saw far beneath him the restless, tur bulent sea. It was not so dark out here under the open sky as at Penwithen. The pale moon could be seen oftener, the clouds were swept more rapidly aoroas the wild , te night did not appear quite so sullen. He looked all aropiuT him, anxiously, fear. fully, nd thentbreathed a sigh of relief. No one was near. The spot was open, neither hedgs nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the roar f the sea, made him shudder. Flakes of foam were constantly blown against his face, so he knew that the Atlantic a a furious mood. on until he came to t •rr -insth leading to the beah .h- oe wh dl '"w every yard of th u noc s. -but Beub c d t would be periloon, ._- a..,d state, and in a few minutes. o rd sea sand. Yes, the tide w r d even now he saw a stretch s feet wide. He went southward the scene. On the one ban t gged cliffs; above: a wild sk er, a storm-tossed angry elf on the rock-bound coast. T t ight. All sound drowned by t roar of the waves and the howli body will be in bed," mutter "no one but a man with hell would come to such as s as th night as this. My i I ish ck at Carloggas with an emp ta light heart. tradged, now stumbling over t r splashing through some Strm which ran towards the recedi s ll making his way southward. a fool not to destroy it," he wa th; "If I had, there would be is. I should have done it, too, I en a cowardly fool. Oh, if th r e enly written to frighten me, a i here, I shall destroy it the mo'ne Ig to Penwithen. Yes, I'll do t ghost of old Michael a]p1 and tells me to stop, l d those old men's stories now. hy they bargained with the dev sell all the soul I've got to live c r the rest of my life and be af joy and gladnus in the though days are gone, all the old sup sttesae dsetriyed." Wave swept up, carrying with a od, and as the water receded, l I efore him. In the storm-light d k unlike the body of a man. H s ek with a cry of terror, "y o." he cried, , 'tl he I I can n , I am afraid. I dare not go p omtigflapped close to his ear, eda creech froze the blood in his vein t ly a sea bird which he had d te which, as soon as it could, fle h shelter again; but to SeseIt t of a lost soul, it was a wandri sprtwih oould Sad no rest. fell I" he gasped. "Oh, all the Pewithen lands, all the money it has brought me, good name, and all the rest will not pay for thi. I'll go straight back and let him do his worst." He turned around, and began to retrace his steps, but had only gone a few step before he changed his mind. " What of Grace and Bert 7" he thoght. "I'll eave them if I can. I promised thei mother that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor, dear Amelia s gave her life for Grace I Oh, my darlig Can't you help me now ? No, no. If the a heaven, she's there; and the help I want can't come from heaven." Once mere he turned his face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the spot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half of misery. " It's only a bit of sea drift i" he cried. "Oh, what a coward I am-a great, hulking coward I " On he rushed, unmindful of wind and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, so there was no difficulty in walking. Presently a heap of rocks protrded them selves on to the beach, and then he stopped. "I shall soon know," he cried. "A, if it's still there it shall soon be ashes. I burn it, in spite of all the dead men's c es that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't I do it years ago t ?" ae t ehind the great heap of roke u sar-wide-enough through which to squeeze his body; the h crawled along a few feet, until he was ot of the wina. Outside the wind wailed and sea surged, but here was shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he care fully lit it, and looked anxiously around him, after which he went farther into the cave. Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had nt been cisturbed since the last flood tide, and no mark of a footstep was to be seen He looked upward, and everything appeared a it was when he came there last. All was dark, gloomy, and silent. The sea sounded far away; he was alone-all, all alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. No; all wa silent as death. He made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that P He thought he heard a sound like the falling of a stone, and he listened again No, he was mistaken; he was simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this he put his hand. He could feel nothing. Cold sweat trickled downhis faceand i limbs trembled. " He must have found it!" he gaped, "' and I am lost I " Again he pushed his arm into the aperture, this time as far as he could reach. is fingers touched something smooth and cold. He clutched it tightly and drew it out. " Safe I safe I " he cried; "I'm a man again. Let me burn this when I get home, and then what have Ito fear? " Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it intohis breast- pocket, then he carefully buttoned his coat again, and again he realised the haunting fear which he had felt lng years before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him ror the will. "It seems to carry a curse with it," h muttered, "but it will be only for an hor." Once more he held up the lamp, u in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp fell from his hand. In picking it uphe looked towards the entrance of the a nd e thuaght he saw something shining, and quickly held the light towards it, but nothing was to be seen. "Another delusion," he moaned, "anoher delusion-ah, but I wish John Fraser wa a delusion. Living or dead, he is a crs o me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced." He groped out of the cave again, and In a few secons?iter he stood under Ohs spen sky. Madly -he rushee d along the bech, looking neither to the right nor left, and so hedid not notice that he was followed. Yet it was so. A man bending almost to a double kept near him all the way, ven a he had done ever since he had left Penwithen. When Reuben Pwithen had stood on the cliff, and breathed a sigh of relief because he wa un noticed, this creature had been lying flat on the ground; but his eyes were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. When Reuben had turned and fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, his follower crouched behind arock and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered the cave, and searched for the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimes too; but he feared not. No ghostly visitants troubled him; all his thoughts were about the man efore him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Reuben hurried towards Penwithn, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the beach, his watcher seemed to e un decided whether to make himself known, but he let him climb the cliff first, then, rushing up as easily as a chamois ruhes up a mountain path, he saw that he must do his work quickly. Once on the headland again Reuben's heart beat lighter. Even the last night's deed did not trouble him so much now, and so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journeyed rapidly towards his home. Presently, how ever, his quick ear detected a sound, and he was about to turn around when efel a stealthy hand fasten itself upon his arm like the grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him : "I want to speak to you, Reuben Pen withen." CHAPTER II. S DESPAIB I "The sorrowe of death compassed me nd the pains of hell get hold apon me." "And it was all play, and no one could tall what it had lived and worke striving and a striving, and an n nothing." -OLIVE Sco Reuben started in terror. thought he was alone, he never s- ?s?e of his watchings, that an -. "4be out at su?b an h such a night, and so.... -.w "Who are you ? What an ). "Several things," wan the quiet By this time he bed got over hi e a hlttle, and he looked up into th the man who spoke so strangely. " Ishmnel Pengelly I" "Yes. You didn't think I interested in your movements, e am, you see." "What do you want?" "You know very well. I want stole, what I have been seeking fo Did he know what had been where he had been ? Reunoen did but he determined to straggle to l e "I've only a few pounds with mael Pengelly. If you'4 asked proper way I would have let you readily. But it seems yon prferb a mianight robber. Well, I exp you." "Fortunately, I do not want yo I only claim my rights, mine and Yon possess what does not be and I claim it." "What fo you mean?" " You know what I mean. Penrose's will." "Still med on that? There n will." ",Very well, then I'll be con what you have in your breast poc " Breast pocket ! My-yon-yo "Saw ? certainly I did. I kep open for that." Then Penwithea lost his prsen for a minute. "But how-how did you know" "Know "replied Ihmael; I knew. You thought you were night Well, you weren't; I foI saw you enter the cave. I saw YO will from ite bidting place. Yo now-give it to me." " Then you sent that-" "Yes, 1 sent the letter. Yo plan were nujy, I acna't ?ind ts~ao Shi n ow, be~pu It Is bel t u sou ldh I'll get you what thyou want. ome letter would fetch me, in the morning and you shall .ve it." 'Yon scheming demon I" cried Reuben, maddeneIt wouldn't be coolnvenient for me hiso come in the morning," sor.id hm mock ingly you see, I'moth scheo much interestedo gain y ights, you to keep what was never snce yours. were so anxions, throug S Bir etallick, to put five hundremed best. You are tem for meuch of a cthose minesto have successful in what you doasc. Ytion," and hare oflaughed utt low, bitter laugh. TheReuben writhed as he he.d this taunt. IsThe young man held himad seen throughe same steady grip, never miing a single movement.ent of hsbody. "IBet wasn't a will I took," saI've verybn. "It wae something which does not affect you in the- slightest degree. But I'llstrong desire to seewhat you what you tookme to mhe incave. Ithe mustorning and y curiou shall have it."and as"It wouldn't ay itdoe convenient forme, thme to o Raen.hesito An nute, -then "is sacome in the morning," said uskily-shmael mock ingVery we", you see, I'mall seeo much interested." lshmael loosened his grip somewhat then, and Reuben who had anties. Ever since youthis, were so anxious, through Squire Betallick, mdto put five hundred pouggle, and in them for me, his grasp. Have mad a wilonderful forwardscin ation," and fld hefor lfe A minuteughed low, bitter he wasugh. hurled to writhe ground wias he heard th terrible force. The young man had seen through his every movement. "Very well," a Ishmael; went ine ona very way wil not suonee another must be With no gentle hand he tore the coat strong desire took the packet awayou took from the prostrate man at his feet. He put it in his own pocket, and buttoned his coat carefully over it, whi it must have a curious history, had asyobeen sanned by th doe nfall, rose slowlyme, there canhis By this timble objIshmael was becoming ex-n. cited. His eyesitt gleamed red, and his handa quivered with paseion. Every nerve wasid hukighly stru-g. At last he was vi Vetorious. Longl, youear he hald been waitingit." f or t his time, waiting, watching, and scheming. Now that he had founticipated the will, mathe a sudden struggle, and to him that mean home, happiness, heaven ! He felt that he hipossessed a great treasure, an wild thleap forward, men who took it from him would have a andtrible work before themlf. A minute later he was hurfelted tot he cgrould mockwith terrible fhe wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, "Vbitter well,' ords.id Ishmel; "since one Stway will he retainot sueed ommand ovther himself, tried." and still watched the man he tore the coat onquered. Butook the battle way not ended proGive that man back," cried Reuben. put it in is own pocket, and buttoned i coatmine." carefully Prove it your at court of law, thenad been stunned byI will and i therose slowly toin the feet. ladyou shall suffer for this, you thieving, cited. HiWords eyare chgleap, names ared, cheap,"nd i said Ishmael. " I teel lake calling you ands quivered witho have ruined mEvey motherve's lifwe and bighlyted mineg. AtYou who for five and-torious. Longwenty years have grown fat obeen waiting has never belonged to you, you who have fotrie to ruin my prospectswaiting, watchmy ifeng, nyou who have embittered my hearts and made tscheming earth black. BuNow that never mihad found the widayll thof rekoningds were his come, and to him that meantw we shall sea who will whappiness, heavenp! He felt that hlie poin ss felon's cell, and yoreasure, and the man are ursmen who took it from him wou will knowhave a terrible work before them. He no longer tfelt thyou madt he coula bad mockbargain whben youhe wansolted to pour soul to the devil in order to robning, bitter words. Still he retained command over himself. ut and still ewatched thave man he hared for fare \--ad- wenty yearsl and you will auffeqrto phe SAconquered. But think youatte willas not ended yet. oGive that back," cried ebeben. It Do you is not yours; itins mine." Pryou give it yourself over to hate, a curt of law, then."lty for revenge P Whichll and is there worse, you orlawinthe land youP shall suffer for twenty-five, you thieving, yo mursay d yes, and you will g-"uffer a long as you live. If I've eown lies, you ve sown hate, and God will make yucheap, nmes ares he hap," said Ishmael. " I cool like calling you made mes. You who have ruined my mother'sit." Reuben Penwithen seemed to forget himself and blightehe id thisne. You who for a minute -i and-twenty years have grown fat on what eyehas nevere opened to yotruth, youand he sawve tried to rin a new light. Evenmy lifhmsel', you who have embittered my heart, and made he earth black. But never mind, the wordsday whiof reckoning hat come, and now we shallut only for a moment. " I know nothing of your theology," he said a " it is not in my line. I'll get my rights, and risk all the rest. I'll get those 1 love in the old house, and rejoice that sea who wilrepl hatwin. Perhapou've s when youa felon'sie in a felon's cell, and after that our children are-- "ursed by you never wevil;" derieds, you will know light flashing in his eyes for a moment. The thing you ma've take badn from me is forgedu it isold your soul toas the dper on whihorder to rob iB written, blichael Penzo?0 never made s a defenmeles girl of her rights. tlaughed "you'll chae tto have sReuben Penwithen - and-twenty years and you will suffer to ohs ends' ,__ and doif I were you I would think yo wta ittle too P" cried Reuben. ~' Do you think you beforwill have all things in your waytements. f I Yould myshoultod have wathed old Mrghaven'try Goudgen't you given yourself over tould have lstened to foher conrevetonsnge P Which is the worse, you origg I P 1 suffered for twenty-five years, you say yhen, and you will suffer as longdying. Death fyoughten live, if I've sown lies, you've sown hats, and Gpeople, it make you reap hell, as he has " What do you mean P" Bal euben. \- Mean. I mean that blte7Goudge made m onfeion on her it.". She things in a new light. Evengot that con-el'e festoon, Reuben Penwithen. Do you think hel'd dart qualed as he heard with you until 1rds, which th somehow felt were true. but meonly for a moment.he w before, onl I knew you would brnothing ofup your theology," hery story." saidsi " it is not in my line. I'll get my "ights, and risk all the rest. I'll forgery tool"se I love in the old house, and rejoice that yelled reap what you'vthe sown in a felon'sis cell, and after that on a-" "e You never will;" cried bn, As itnew happe a, llly sstll living. Very weak, 'tisru but sensible, qutoe asible. It 1 wlight ashing in his eyes for and moment "Tho thing you've takenfrom me is forged; itas rth less as the paper on which ito Gisd griditten. Michael Penrose never made ad ing ll." Ishmael laughed. I'll chance that, ebon Penwithen ;n and if I were you Ias would thinks o little Beuben seeed to lose all control over him. bef, and made silly statements. Youn him.ould have watched old Margery Goudge more closely. You sahould have listened toe her converations with old Sally Grigg could owhen she was dying. Death frightens ba people, it makes them tell." it, What do yould be ho gasped Reuben. wi" a man. I mean that argery Goudge The looaselybnllt? raw~bonsd 7 youth had grown to be as t.. Ii 6 youn gimade a confession on her deat h-bed. She wrote on a piece of paper shortly before dying the truth about old Michael's willted eve gbl:,."e aneans of hme in s . bod had need, antil his wtew b me liesteel. Basdes, if Beuben had some thing to struggle for, so had he ; and so the shte signproved nequit with ther own hand, and older man lay on the ground, an inr mass while Sally witnessed it. I've got that con clenched. fession, B?een Penwithen. he , "Do you think 'd dare to match myrself to deal with this 1 time, did y P m not a eas'ly thrown ovwt a thin. Ishu ha v" and his motking langh made Penw wlhen, l fesh ereep. "ket's a lie d" he aded in agony, [feeling how eloely the net of his a foerytion w be'ln d swa eo"and him. sIt'e "As e I "hThen my eyes stil. lI awey but I 'din't get sp ensn enough toe s en deed., Oh, i've ys ou , a hd sth at tere fawc fa, e6o11 l wIlIn thfotit'h be toyin to se hI" #~a ac te' armor, bt atthes last wo,-n o? . a. you can't prove it I Dead men can't speak? =" "That's true, and Fraser's dead, isn't he! t people tell things before they die. As it happened, the cliff was far from perpendicular there, and his fail was broken. SI rushed to the beach by a pathway er, and found him bruised and battered." Then he's not dead; thank God for that!1" "People don't fall that distance and live g," replied Ishmael. "But I carried him to his home, and described on paper what you bd done, and he wrote his name to it, and it was witnessed, and not by me only." Reuben Penwithen rose to his feet slowly. No longer was there wild passionin his eyes, but a lk of sullen despair. An unnatural calm seemed to rest upon him, and all desire for struggle was gone. "Very well, Ishmael," he said; " you've done what you aimed to do. You've worked my destruction ; you've ruined the lives of my children. I've done all I could, and you've conquered. I robbed Judith and deceived her, and Judith's son was reared for vengeance. Well, you've got it. Never mind; I've lived in hell, so will you. I've ied for self and greed and pride, and fterwrds for the love of my children; you have sinned in hatred and cruelty and r ge. You have won the battle; but / e-il rue it." Ishmael listened like one in a'deee4'T med as hough acold hsar!.iil. his heart as Reuben spoke, and he could not [Igoing back to Penwithen," Reuben wet on; 1 shall not inhabit it long, but I must go bak now. You can do your worst; it dosn't matter, it's only a little while." He went away without speaking another word. lmael stood and watched him. By this time the sky had become clear, and the moon shone brightly. He walked like an old man Sometimes he reeled. Still, he made his way to the house where his child ren lay, and through the lands which he had sinned to obtain and to keep. Presently Ishmael gave a sigh. His joy now w not so great as he had expected, but there was a feeling of grim satisfaction in his heart. At last, at last," he murmured, "and ow it's all mine, all mine. How pleased mother will be, ay, and how pleased Grace will be. It shall be her home, her lands; together we will enjoy it. When I've finished this work I will find her, and then I shall be able to rest." Then he wandered away towards Coombs. head, hugging to his body the words old ichel had written before he, Ishmael, was bern. As for Reuben, he went back like one snned. The sin of twenty-five years was discovered, and proved. Soon it would be known to the world, soon his name would be a byword among the people, and his children deapised and avoided. All his care to make his position was in vain now, all his aritoratic acquaintances would elose their rs against him. And he deserved it. Well, well, it would not be for long. After all, his only grief now was for his children. t was hard that they should suffer for him, but so it was. Oh, it had been a weary, weary struggle, and is had ended in defeat, terrible defeat, and disgrace. And suppose It had ended in victory, what then ? Ah, the gameas not worth the candle. He had been far happier, far better as Reuben enwithe, of Carloggas, than as Reuben Penwiten, Esq., owner of Penwithen. Strange as it may seem, he scarcely re gretted that the will was taken from him. oncealed guilt, with a constant fear of discovery, was but little better than dis covered guilt. All would be known soon, but he would not know what the world said. He was determined on that. He entered Penwithen House in the same toid way, and, as if by instinct, turned towards the library, where he had brooded so many hours. He sat down in the old arm chair, and remained motionlesa for hours5 then he rose up and, opening deal.t began. to write. ae . rapidly scribbled a dozen pages, then read'thes, as if ha wanted to see whether he had ex pressed houghts correctly. When he had done this, he threw all he had written into the fire, and began again. This time he did not write so much, jus a couple of pages of note-paper. "That will do," he said when he had finished. "I cannot confess my guilt to them, I can only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will gloat over their suffering, he will laugh at their dis grace." Calmly he folded the paper, and placed it in an envelope, which he carefully sealed. Then he wrote in a clear, steady hand': "or my boy Bertie, And my maid Grace. "To be read when I am gone. May the Lord have mercy upon them and upon me. Whasoever a man soweth, that lshall he also reap."' He placed the note inside the desk, but he did not lock it. "They will be sure to turn to it," he said. "And they will have no difficulty in guessing the rest." He sank back in his chair again, and beganto brood. Evidently he was thinking deeply, and weighing some dread alterna tive, for spasms of pain often revealed themselves in his face, his hands twitched nervously. "Yes, it is best," he mused, presently, "it must be beet. When I am dead, people will pity the ohildren. ' Poor yung things!' they will say, ' they cannot help it.' f I live they will have more to bear. NIwill curse them as little as I cn. Besides, people often pity a criminal after he's hanged." e went to a cupboard'and unlocked it, henhetookfrom there an old pistol It was an antiquated weapen, but deadly not withstanding, and he looked at it calmly, curiously. After this he took a powder flask and a shot-bag from the cupboard. H ly measured out the powder and e into the barrel of the pistol, c nocking the stock so that the ight come back to the nipple. W eady hand he rammed in the p d afterwards poured the shot h ad. They were large-sized and four of these he placed in land pressed them down as coolly ag his gun for a day's shooting. placed a cap on the nip lpe, i carefully down with the cook of " he sid, I think that's .il a a far as I know there's nothing wy look came into his eyes, and h mbled. his is the end," he muttered, " f all my scheming, all my hopes, rs. Well, better this than to be ore the magistrtes, and after thtteldge, an4! have it proved against[ have been a thief, a defrauder, . Yes, a good deal better. his be the end." Helthe pistol in his hand. will it be afterwards I" he mut hat, I wonder P Well, I shall s No hell can be worse than the been in. Besides, it is my duty dren; the nut is drawa .gaun' ee.Well---" H s d guiltily, for he heard a step door. He had forgotten that had passd andotat the morning hdcm, and so did not know that the ad entered the kitchen; but the sed him. it's time enough, it's time e " thought, as he put the pistol i cket; " time enough, but rll ady through the day. No doubt, ork, and soon they'l be here. W not find much when they take care of that." he locked the cupboard, and room tidy; then noislessly he bedroom, and washed himself a ed his clothes. This done, he be fighting a great battle with bt the matter in his mind was lgo down and meet them.' I wan thmt think as kindly of incas .the.y as"e hmumzy4! ?u me awbue. hearing voices in the dining.room, he des cended, and there greeted Bertie oheer fully, and. kissed Grace affectionately. Through the breakfast hour, too, he chatted pleasantly, although he constantly looked < out of the window and towards the door, as | though expeoting visitors. After breakfast, he again went to the library, pleading that he had much to do, and there he sat throughout the day, listening, watching, and thinking. To his surprise, he had no callers. All went on as usual. His lunch was brought to'the library, but the servants acted just + as usual. Evidently nothing had reached 1 their ears. Still, at every soundhe grasped | his pistol, and then when he knew that no I one had come, he would drop it again with I a sigh of relief. "Life is very sweet, after all," he would murmur, "and I would like to live, and atone for the past, if only for the children's sake. But it cannot be. He can show no mercy; and so it's only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." Presently the darkness came on, and still no sign of Ishmasel, no sign of callers. It was not like him to be so tardy-what was the meaning of it ? Well, he would go out, and take a last look at the house and land. The moon shoznl clearly, and he could see betterto-night. The clouds had gone, the lovinglj'at-Itiy old tashioned garden'; then, feeling stronger with the fresh air, he went.into the lane, and, a if impelled by an aver-mastering impulse, he walked towards Tintagel. It was a long walk, but he reached the village at length, and entered the Boecastle road, "I can't help it," he said to himself, "I most go." He hurried along as though he had an im portant engagement to keep, and by-and-by a look of delirium came into his eyes. Then he laughed a wild, frenzied laugh. '"Yes, we'll float together, float together side by side I And the waves will toes us, and the fish will eat us, and we shall be beaten against the rocks togecher." He had forgotten what ishmsel had said, for the time he was mad. Remorse, despair, had for the time unsettled his mind. He came to the spot where he and John Fraser had struggled, where he found a pathway down the cliff. He stood on a rock, while the sea surged at his feet. Standing there alone, his frenzy left him, and he became sullen and remorseful again. "He's at work, at work," he thought; "very likely the police are at the house by now. Of course, it took some time for him to get the warrant. What'll the children say? Oh, it's hard to die I And yet I threw him over. He must have fallen just here." He fancied he heard voices on the heights above him, and the thought that came to his mind was that Ishmael and the police had followed him. " They shall never have me " he cried, " never I" and he plunged into the sea. He sank into the deep waters, and the waves rolled over him, while the pale moon shone brightly, and the stars crept out one by one. To be Continued. 