Richmond. The Mission-services at the St Peter's Church were brought to a close last ul onday evening by a thanksgiving service, which was well attended. The congregations have been good all through the mission, and particularly were they so on Sunday. On Sunday afternoon over one hundred mea as sembled to bear Mr Dillon, and those who were Eresent will not soon forget the able address which e gave. In the evening there was probably one of the most remarkable religious services ever held in Richmond. The spacious Church was filled i with an attractive, we had almost said, an en thusiastic congregation. The Missioner preached with very great power, and at the after meeting testified bravely that they had found Christ and intended to live for him. Mr Dillon isa little man, but he is full of Holy Ghost power, and those who listen to him soon feel it. The quarterly meeting of the Druids was held on Friday evening last, 12th inst, when there was an exceptionally large attendance of the brethren, including the Grand Treasurer, District President, and visitors from the Penrith Lodge. The officers | elected for ensuing term were installed by Bro Lane, Grand Lodge representative :-Arch-Druid, Bro Farley ; Vice-Arch, Bro Mortimer ; secretary, j Bro Lewis; Treasurer, Bro Steitne; Assistant secretary, Bro Marlin ; Inside-guardian, Bro Buckton ; Outside-guardian, Bro Chesham ; Arch Druid's Bards, Bros Wicken and Hudson, Vice Arch-Druid's Bards, Bros Wymark and Murray. The Grand Treasurer congratulated the members upon the steady progress the Lodge had made during the past year, and he specially congratu lated Bro Lewis, secretary, on the orderly and careful manner in which the books and accounts of the Lodge had been kept. After the meeting was over the visiting brethren were entertained by the members at the Commercial Hotel, where a pleasant final to the proceedings took place. Mr W Mitchell has been to Sydney on several occasions to hear the eminent Scotch evangelist, John McNeil, and was much impressed with his power, and his wonderful way of attracting immense audiences. On Thursday last a meeting of the Horticul tural Society, and also one of the ladies, was held to make arrangements re refreshment stall and judges' luncheon, &c.; Mrs Harrison White (Miss Colbourne Baber), Sydney's leading soprano, is on a visit to the Misses Tuckett. We understand that this talented lady, along with her husband, has consented to take part in a concert, probably at the opening ceremony of the School of Arts on the completion of the alterations-whenever that will be. The Principal of the Hawkesbury Agricultural College writes: - "The cow stated by you last week as being the property of the Hawkesbury Agricultural College, is not so, and no such thing happened with regard to any cow belonging to this Institution as the monstrosity you attribute to it. In regard to the unfortunate accident which hap-, pened to the orchardist (Mr P F Stieme) it was not a student who was its cause ; nor is there a student of the name of Mortimer in this Institu tion. The improvement to the Clarendon Race course is now going on, and a hollow just below tbe grand-stand is being filled up. Mr G M Pitt, who takes great interest in the pure water supply of Richmond, took some trouble in communicating with the Water and Sewerage Department with reference to the re cent contamination of tbe stream near the water works by dead cattle, with the result that the Board have given instructions which will meet future cases. Mr G M Pitt's garden at Sunnyside is just now a marvel of beauty, and is in its best condition, Colonel Holborrow and Lieutenant Hilliard are away this week in the Western district, inspecting the various companies of the 3rd Regiment. A large quantity of oranges are leaving the dis trict just now, and many vehicles from the Kurra jong are passing through the town daily, heavily laden with the cases of fruit. A special meeting of the H D A A was held on Thursday afternoon, to elect a Treasurer in the Elace of Mr T H F Griffin, resigned through saving the district. We are pleased to hear that owing to the pressure of the Committee, Mr S Reed's resignation as a committeeman has been withdrawn-as be was a most useful member and could ill be spared. The young trees in Chapel-street are thriving wonderfully this year, and are looking well. When full-grown they will afford beautiful shade. The older trees were planted by Mr Guest ten years ago and have thriven wonderfully. It is greatly to be regretted that, at the time these trees were plant ed, a row was not placed along the business-por tion of Windsor street, It is not too late even now to do this. Richmond then without doubt would be one of the prettiest little towns in the colony. Mr C Icely, the Laird of Eulamore, Kurra jong, and who came to the district a year or so ago, is not a stranger to Hawkesbury folk, as during the years 1882 and 1884 he was living in Windsor, being an accountant at the Windsor branch of the Commercial Bank, under Mr Boddenbam. A dance was given by the pupils of Mrs Drew on Wednesday night in the School of Arts, out of compliment to that lady, and to close a successful season. The Richmond Half-holiday Association CC. meet Enfield next Wednesday. Mr I Pryke arrived safely at Perth on the 3rd inst. He has not written as to his future move ments, but it is expected that he will take a situ ation for the present in his own line of business. Mr Everett, a visitor to the town, had a varied experience on Sunday last. In company with Mr Davies C.P.S he went for a drive to Mr Outram's, near the Grose. Having unharnessed the horse, which was tied up, they went away for a time, and on returning found that the animal had been frightened by some other horses iu the paddock, and had broken away, smashing the harness. In the excitement of the chase, Mr Everett nearly, trod upon an iguana, and, in trying to avoid it, fell into the river, which at this place is about 25 feet deep. Mr Davies, who is a magnificent swimmer, at once jumped into the water after his comrade, with his clothes on, and brought him ashore. Meanwhile, a violent storm came on, blowing the sulky down the hill, and the two ex cursionists bad their time-taken up considerably, one cbasiHg the horse and the oilier the sulky. After tying the harness up with string and whip cord, the travellers returned home, which was reached at 4-30, both feeling weary and wet after an adventurous trip. All things considered " The Coon" has been distinguishing himself of late, Mr Harry Levien, solicitor, who recently met a coaching accident, which resulted in his arm be ing broken, is well known in this portion of the district. We were kindly shown over the sm all fernery at the rear of the A J S Bank premises by the mana ger, Mr F T Vindin, and found it a model of neat ness, all the ferns being healthy and thriving. Tbe owner only claims to be an amateur, but the care taken of them, which bas caused them to look so healthy, does him credit. He has several varieties from New Zealand. Besides the fernery Mr Vindin has a fine collection of rose trees, which are now in full bloom and radiant with beauty. _ 