GLECIt AS SUNSHINE, , - . yufc'M i mmmmmrntrnam — g — — mmm — — —mam b.' NOW FIltST PUBLISH KD. BY RICHARD ASHE KING r: ("BASIL"). " Author of " Lovo tho Debt," " The Wearing of the Green," &c.;, &c;, ( Copyright .) "What are you two fellows sniggering over ?' cried Captain Barrington to a - couple of subal terns who were giggling like a brace of scliool- \- girls over a photograph. " Something nasty, I'll be bound." "Nasty! Never made a worse shot in your life, old man. Eh, Coltburst ? It's about as nicey-picey a picture as ever you saw. Ask Collkurst." 'Rather !" chuckled Cothurst, appreciatively. " And it's not a fancy picture, either, for I t >ok it myself with a snap-shot of my 'Kodak,'" . said Perry. " Here ! Chuck it over if it's presentable," cried Barrington. Perry skimmed the photograph across the room to the Captain, who stooped, picked it up, glanced at it, and then sat suddenly down with the exclamation which seemed to have been wrung from him by a turn of the rack. " My God !" " What — what's the matter ? Are you ill ?" cried Perry, starting up and hurrying across the room to Barrington, who for a moment made no answer. Presently he forced himsef to look again at the photograph, when he again groaned and gasped hoarsely : — " Where— ?" " Where ?" echoed Perry, in perplexity. " Where did you take this ?" cried the Cap tain, with a sudden fierceness which made Perry recoil a step. " I — I took it somewhere in Ireland. Where the deuce did I take it now ? Oh, to be sure t It was near Inchichree. There was a sudden ' 6hower, and I ran for shelter to a ruined castle, aud was only stopped at the entrance by the sight of those two spooning together. Just then the sun burst again, and as they were too much taken up with eAch other to notice me, I could not resist taking a snap shot at them with my Kodak.'" "It was a gentlemanly tiling to do, Mr .Perry," the Captain said iu a keen and cold tone, with a surprising, recovery of his sell- command. " What do you mean ?" stuttered Perry, hi ashing scarlet. " If you were capable of understanding my meaning you would be incapabe of this," he cried in a tone that cut like a whip-lash, point- to the photograph. _ - Then with a withering look at the two foolish bids he stole from the room. IJerry turned an inquiring look of perplexity to Coltburst, who promptly answered it. " You've been ami gone and done it now, my boy, and no mistake ! It's tlie girl he's engaged to. ' Incliichrce Castle ' or ' House ' is her address, for I've posted letters to her for him raor» than once." " "Good heavens !" Perry aghast. "But "li»ii;' it all !" he added. " He's well out of it. ASs»igagod girl, like that, wlio would sit on another fellow's knee, with her arm round his neck and her cheek against his, is better found out before marriage than after." This also was the consoling conclusion the Captain tried to persuade himself that he had cnlmiy come to ; but his wild, mad love for Kitty Power oried aloud against it. If only he had not known ! If .;ulv he had been allowed to live in his Elvsian illusion- Fool's Paradise — but sueh a Paradise ! But no. Ho was driven out from it with this Aiming sword v.'hich pioreod and burned aud seared bis very soul. As he paced his own room to and fro he had again and again tried to force himself to look at the. photograph once more and make assurance doubly sure ; but he could not for a long time. When be did at last look at it, he struck it 6aagcly with his clenched fist and cried — « ity I He'll liswer this to me !" — And for some rime be really did cherish tlie absurd hope of a duel with his rival iu Belgium — a hope 'which, like a lightning-conductor, diverted bis fury from Kitty— but soon, se-'ing its foolishness, he was again torn and tortured with thoughts only of her. How he loved and hated her ! Worshipped and scorned her ! Her ? Whom should he iusl.ly scorn ? Himself — himself alone 1 Had le not been warned again and again and again that the girl was a flirt ? Did not liis aunt no later than last week complain to liiin in a long letter of her conduct with a Mr. ltolleston — this very man probably ? Knowing his aunt's English and old- maidish prudery he had been impatient of her wooden warnings— assured that she had misconstrued . the innocent gaiety and guileless abandonment and the wistful winsomeness of an Irish girl through putting upon them a matter-of- fact , English interpretation. But " flirt " was a mild name indeed to give a girl who, while writing almost daily letters to lier betrothed, alive and alight with seemingly the most artless love, could sit upon another man's knee (not a brother's, for she had none) with her arm round his neck, her cheek nestled against his, aud her hand smoothing the hair from his forehead It wns at this Frenzied point of his meditations that the Captain sat down to write the letter which turned Kitty the next morning white as the. hrciikfusl-cloth. Being a girl of a singularly liigh spirit she did not utter a single word, hut affected to go on with her breakfast unconcernedly until her father and lier two young sisters had quitted the room. Then she rose, ami getting behind her mother's chair to prevent the white anguish of her face being seen,. she said in bren Lhlcss staccato sentences :— "Read that, mother. It is from Captain Bar rington. Never speak either of it or of him to me again." I And before lier mother had realised that, something horrible had happened to sever tlie lovers Kitty hud swept in the queeulicst way from the room. Nor even in the privacy of her own room did she for a long time break down into abject tears. She stood as though turned lo while marble, facing defiantly the Captain's photograph over the aiantel-pieee, as though during it to repeat tlie outrageous language of the letter. When her mother's timid knock came pre sently to the door lvitty asked in a dull dead voice : — "What is it?" " It is I, dear." " Well, mother, what is it ?" she repeated upon lu-r mother's entrance. "It's some misunderstanding, Kitty — some :: dreadful misunderstanding — or mischief -making .-of his aunt's. From the first, dear, I never " "D.ui't, mother ; I asked you not and I meant it," she said in a tone which at once silenced nod terrified her gentle mother. Turning to say something not less repellant and stcel-cold to her mother, Kitty caught llie yearning trouble in her gentle eyes and was moved to fold her impulsively in her arms and sob : — " Dear mother ! Dear, dear mother 1" And soon the poor girl was agaiti a little child upun her mother's knee. Yet even then she would not let her mother talk of that letter or its writer. " If 1 struck you in the face, mother, you would not like ever to speak of it, or have it spoken of. Let me try to forget it it's the must I can hope for " she said, with an aching desolation in her voice which made her mother press her almost passionately to her bosom. But though poor Kitty would not allow her mother to discuss the letter or its writer, or the motive of its writing, with an inconsistency which girls will understand, she permitted, even perhaps encouraged, lier dearest friend, Miss Bell Herbert, to discuss the whole affair ex haustively. " It's the aunt, of course ; and it's Mr.Rolles- toB. of course ; but nothing you could do- she could say justifies such a lettei'. I should nearly like to give liirn a little lesson with this,'" swruiiing her riding-whip viciously in tlie air. Need 1 say that a little of this vigorous virago physical vengeance upon' tlie recreant reactionary effect on Kitty ? Her love was dead - murdered as she thought — but she re versed, so to say, the body of the dead, and con -t not endure its desecration by such talk. ". A Bell had the tact to perceive this, she »«'t at once upon the opposite tack of trying i» unagmo an adequate provocation for such a <(».- , , fUw cross- examined Kitty upon all her flirta- t.aww with Mr. Jlolleston without finding any- ttusf which anyone could candidly consider aitloyalty to her engagement. But there's no knowing what she'd think Improper," she wound up — " she " being Mrs. !<«ueourt, the captain's aunt. " Some of these pnrti Englishwomen arc like Ned's wooden buhlict-g— so still that anything which pushes them out of the perpendicular by a hair's- \- breadth «jrds 'hrij <iv«c altogether," Having done something by her sympathy at least., if not by her comments and her counsel, to comfort poor Kitty's harrowed heart, Bell had to quit her to ride home, where there happened to be urgent need of her presence at lunch. Just as she was in the act of mounting her mare unaided, and for this purpose had gathered up her habit with one hand, she caught sight of the recreant Captain standing staring at her as though turned to stone. He had 110 sooner posted his letter to Kitty than he repented of its brutality and hurried after it, or rather with it in the Limited Mail to Ireland. His intense love coming back upon him with a rush swept everything before it, so tint in this mood and for. the moment he would believe nothing — not that infernal photograph, not Ilia own very eyes — against Kitty's truth and modesty. Bell, "though she had no idea that this was tlie Captain (whom she had never seen), was arrested by tlie stupefaction expressed in tlie face ol this man who stared at her as at the ghost of some one he had murdered. Presently he took out aqihotograph and com pared it with her face ami figure — not forgetting lier riding trousers 1 , " I heg your pardon," he stmmered, " but is this you ?" Yes, it was Bell sure enough, with' Kitty siting on her trousered knees In ridina sh>- had overtaken Kitty and been overtuki-n by n shower. Leaving her horse with her groom, she scampered across with Kitty to the Castle for shelter, and, as there was; only one sheltered seat available she took Kitty on her knee. . Kitty had occulted all. her person buther trousered legs anil her close- cropped head 1 The End. 