THE HAMPTON MYSTERY.' BY MRS HARRIET LEWIS. 4«thor oT u Kildare/* Beryl*® Hoaband,” Edit!* Trevors Secret,’ etc* PAUL GAVE GIBALDA HIS HAND AND ASSISTED HEE UP THE STErS. CHAPTER XXVIII.—(Continued.) i Adlowe spent the forenoon in bed. In the afternoon he called at the earl of Hampton’s, expressed his regret at the absence of the .’lady Beatrice from town, and drove with Lord Hampton in Hyde Park. He dined at ’ his club, and soon after, half disguising him self. In his snrtout, made his way to the 'Victoria station, in time for a down train. Hebooked himself for Limely, and proceeded Ho had carefully inquired the way of Rush to the Evergreens, and on alighting at the limely station, he took his way np the road with considerable assuranoe. __ It was a long walk, as Giralda had found it, between the station and The Evergreens. Adlowe passed over the ground rapidly, and halted at last at the massive gate in the high Briok wall, to which was attached a board, Bearing^ the painted legend, “The Ever “ I’m all right, it seems," mattered tho pro fligate lord, fitting the key Rush had given Aim. “ I’ll take a look in at the windows. HI make sure before I do anything rash. I sun armed—doubly armed. If this ‘ Spanish Standee ’ proves to be Geoffrey, we shall see hot work.’’ He opened the gate and passed into the shadows of the dense evergreens. He moved like a ghost up the densely-shaded walks. He approached the honse. Eight gleamed from Hie windows. The onrtaine were not drawn, and only thiok veils of ivv and climbing plants shaded the panes. Adlowe hushed his Breath, and crept oloser, closer, into the very shadows of the vines, and peeral into the drawingroom window! The curtain had not been drawn. They seldom were, save on stormy nights, the per fect_ shade and seolusion of the place render ing inetrosion into the grounds nearlv an im possibility. „ ** How pleasant it is !” said the countess, Breaking a long silence, with a shiver and a .look of pain. “ And vet I feel strangely anxious to-night. Something is wrong with as, my husband. Can anything have happened to Giralda ? I wonder what she is doing!’’ “ Yon are nervons, Beatrice,” responded her husband, tenderly. “I think I have a tonoh of the same disease,’’ he added. “ I do not feel quite myself to- night. Our anxieties are too much for us." He drew her head upon his breast, and looked adoringly into her glorious eyes. ‘ It was at this moment that his bitter enemy—Lord Adlowe—crept np to toe win dow, parted the vines, and peered in. At the. sight that met lus gaze, Adlowe j V. Tooled as if strnok with a mortal illness. He . .'Beheld the woman he loved—the woman he ■ had deemed haughty, ioy cold in her nature, and heartless—he beheld her like a very god dess of love, brightly glowing, her eyes \- shining like twin stars, her countenance wadisnt with a rare happiness, her head pil. ' lowed on a man’s breast. . And that man! How Adlowe’s burning eyes searched his features ! Evidently toll, he was magnificently formed, broad of j .. shoulder, deep of chest and majestic of mien. . Sis bronzed, even swathy complexion, his heavy black eyebrows, his black hair and ■ heard, made np a perfect Spaniard in seem ing. Adlowe had believed him to he Geoffrey Trevelyan in disguise. This belief received a sudden shook at sight of him. “ That man Geoffrey Trevelyan?’’ he asked himself. “ Can tone have changed the height, laughing boy, of slight figure and delicate constitution, into this grave, dark . Bearded man? I can hardly believe it. This must be some new complication. Heaven ! how Beatzioe leans on him! How she loves him ! I wish I could hear his voice!” . His glance roved around the room, and ! Tested upon the two hoys, who were seated . onaconoh, close together, the elder brother . . -engaged ia puttings few finishing touohes to * drawing. His gaze might have soorohed them both—it was so keen and burning. “The elder hoy is the lady Beatrice all I . over,” he thought. “If that dark count be really Geoffrey, that black-eyed boy is the ... •. future Marquis Trevelyan! The younger . Boy—that luy-faced, golden-haired, blue eyed, girl-boy—is much like Geoffrey was in Bis boyhood, only that my cousin had more .life and spirit.” He. pressed bis face closer against tbe glass. The Lady Beatrice turned towards the . window—started—stared—then leaped to her feet with a wild and ringing shriek. ■ “ She eaw me!” cried the villain, leaping .Back. “ I’m in for it now! Imustfacetbat . man before he has tone to escape!” . He hurried to toe front door, and rang loudly. Meggy was passing through the ball, on her. way to the drawingroom, . attracted thither by that fearful scream, and , .paused, giving him admittance. The inert moment, recognising him, she uttered a Iond my of fright, and essayed to expel him. He poshed her aside as if she had been a ohild, and harried on, bursting into the drawing ... room with the force of a whirlwind.. 