TRUE STOKY. | A HAUNTED HOUSE. "IVlHTTKN l-*01t"CLAl!RVCKAXI>ItlClIMONI)EXAMIXKU' BY J.B.C.H., FROM PERSONAL KNOWLEDGE. A HÜXIÍKKD years ago or thereabouts there lived a nico old lady known as J);imc Elizabeth Comyns-they were sill dames in a certain social position in those days-and for many years she resided in a large house, standing in extensive grounds and park called " Wood"; but there was no particular interest attaching to it or its sur- roundings in those days. The old Jady was a widow. At the time I remember it, now more than ti tty years since, it was a very pretty place, with undulating lawn and park, finely wooded, and with a lai-ge . rookery, - from. ..winch, during .. the liours from sunrise to sunset, carne tho merry and cheery, though some- what plaintive, sounds of tho cawing of the rooks, which conveyed the idea that their _ conversational powers were unlimited, and I used often to wonder whether the rooks were acquainted with the mysteries at- taching to, or issuing from, the old houso close by. If it were so, a ?weird story must have been handed down thro' several generations of rooks, and survived till the time when I listened to them and imagined that some serious and mystic subject of discussion was exercising their instinctive faculties. A rookery is a great acquisition. There were also, I well- remember,- splendid peacocks, that used to strut and daunt about tho lawn in their fine feathers as though they thought those rooks are not going to have it all their own way; nor did they, for thone peacocks added much to\\-the charm of the grounds. There was also tho lake, with a variety of water fowl diving and swimming about in it. Such a house, with such surroundings, ought not, one would think, to be haunled. lt was, howovor, anything but a handsome structure, and, parts of it dated far brick, before the Eliza- bethan period, lt was situated about two ..miles from, the .muck., admired, ?village of Bishopsteignton, in Devon shire," England. The first entrance gate to the park, a large and massive .white one, was about halt' a mile from the house, and near it was a lofty ihig-stalf, froni, which sometimes floated the ensign or the Union Jack of old England. This was visible for a long distance round, and was called " old Oo'myn's Flagstaff." Whether the epithet referred to the Comyns or the flagstaff was a moot point. The old lady had lived in the house till a good old a ge, .and having made lier last will and testament, departed this lifo in peace. She left, among others, a sou, who inherited the pro- perty under her will, and it will be seen it was through this will that the house became haunted. The will, it was said, contained special directions that; acertain wing of the house should never.; be altered (except sub- ject to certain conditions), and she had .herself impressed this, upon her son who, of course, promised that her wishes should bo' attended to, and carried out in the spirit and to the letter. Her son became Vicar of the parish, in succession to his father, and had, as everyone has, his pecu- liarities, some'approaching even to weakness. In personal appearance in after years ho "was very like our venerable P.M.''here in Grafton, and .was of a most kindly disposition, so much so'that ho was often induced to give way in things and "to people in .this troubled: world of ours, when a little more philosophy would have taught him otherwise. JÍe had many years ago married, and several children were periodically . ushered''into existence. ' Now, some few years after tho old dame's death," _ when her ashes . probably defied identification in tho grave in the village church yard-tho dear old Church in parts' dated back to the early Norman period-it was whispered that somo alteration was to be made instiló slructuvo. of tho ? old house, and it was even suggested that'the wing which Danie Elizahoth by her will , had . sought to protect from. being defiled from tho rough touch of earthly hands, was to bc, to a slight extent, altered and im- proved. Among some people of the village who had plenty oí time for gossiping this was declared to amount almost , to sacrilege. The idndly Vicar .was . approached, and appeals made to him not to allow any alteration to bo made, and this out of respect to thc memory of his dear departed mother. Argumouts were heard in the village for and agains't-rprotests against the very thought.-of' alteration were : 'made,' while on 'the other hand the idea of allowing i old-walls Ro stand till they crumbled td decay-a nuisance .'to all-was derided/ After a time, a kind of compromise was made which, it was ; believed, evaded or avoided tlie terms of tho will,, and ..satisfied the , conscience of the by-this-time never able .Vicar, John Cómyhs. Carpenters, bricklayers, painters, etc. from the. village were engaged and employed'"in carrying out the works proposed, and many a remark was .made: by them during the progress of the work about the Vicar disregarding the will of tho old lady.' Much also was tho anim- adversion 1 down in the villagè - it was. very "wrong, indeed, "wicked ; some going so far as to say, that it was enough to make the old lady ,turn in: her. grave and her spirit rise up at the thought .pf the shameful defiance of her last wishes while in tho flesh; Hore appeal's to crop out a question for people who believe in' and. argue in support of the 'existence of.ghosts ; can spirits thinlc ?? 1 must leave the question to heads cleverer than,. mine, 'merely remarking 'it 'ist knówjí that they/ can rap.' Do they, rap', without "thinking ? |Whether the old lady/.turned iii ' her', grave could not 'be. ascertained hut no sooner wäsr;tho mortar dried in Jthja altered wing, than it wns rumoured that her spirit haunted the house in a most determined manner-and no wonder, and shameful, and serve the old ' man (the poor old Vicar) right, and such like expressions of opinion were given free vent among the villagers. bogey or ghost or haunted house, or something that is a subject for spe- cial gossip. What would the old ladies at tea-time do without it ? Certain it is that, shortly after com- passing the disgraceful act of trying to evade the will, mysterious,'and of course unearthly, sounds and noises were heard about tho house j at intervals by night, and a spirit seen ; and this always occurred after 12 - " The very witching hour of night, when church-yards gape, and graves give up their dead.' 1 have often wondered how ghosts and j spirits know the time of dajv or I rather night ; it must be intuitive. Of course, they can "scent tho morn-1 ing tm*," because the ghost of Ham-j let's father says so - and ghosts ought to know. And sniffing it, they ad-1 visedly make mystic tracks aud clear. | I believ .illa] has its Need we discuss the question of spirits appearing or being seen - I mean seen by the eye. For the ac- complishment of this, it is necessary that some object he reflected on ; the retina. Ghost is from the German ghcitst-air or. spirit. Can' air be re- flected on the retina ? Can it be seen ? ? The spirits were, however, without tlie shadow of doubt heard on fre- quent occasions at night, much to the alarm and discomfort 'of tho Kev. John Comyns ¿md his family, which consisted of tho mystic number of seven'-three sons and four daugh- ters-the eldest son was, of course, named John, which means by r/mce. He..was of rather a lively disposition, while |he others were of a sober and retiring nature. The unearthly noises did not continue very long before ho interested himself in the ghost, or whatever it was that haunted .the house, and he used to parade 'tho long and dreary passages in tho dead of the night with a loaded gun ; but never could see anything or anybody. Tho noises were ns if dóórs and win- dows were being open and shut and shut and opened, and crockery shaken together*;, yet all the doors were found closed, ; and most of them lockedand no crockery broken,but all quite sound and in its place. Foot- steps were distinctly heard, and oh certain occasions a strange figure was seen in the long passages ; but"young W. John," as i he was called, could never get a shot at it. If he had, however, it would, have mattered little as the ligure was said to be ghostly and ghastly, although no accurate description was ever obtain- able. A ghost will 11 of. be killed,by vulgar shot, because it is a spirit, and a spirit is immortal. But fancy " young W. John" shooting his grand- mother's ghost, The haunting went on without hope of extermination. D.-tectives, police, and other experts were had down from Exeter, tho capital of Devonshire, and all sorts of plans and traps were made and laid, to lay the old lady's ghost; but all, all in vain. f. ¿ : ' After, ti timo soh John, having fin- ished his college education, left home permanently tb vegetate in some pro- fession - whether Physic or' Law, Army or Navy, 1 forget; but it, was certainly not the Church. When he had left the noises at night got worse, and itwas said that the old dame's spirit received encouragement by his absence. All this happened many years ago, and I well remember as a boy what a dread I had of that old house, especi- ally of some of the long unearpoted passages, for these were in the altered wine/ which had never been occupied by the family; and in this tho un- earthly , noises and strange figure were heard and seen. The state bf things continued, and people shook their heads and prophesied in . most serious way that the old lady's spirit would only be appeased by tito death of the poor old Vicar. What stories ; what inventions ; what theories1; what speculations went on in tho neighbourhood, it is now impossible and unnecessary to record ; but they then spread far and wide over the country. Visitors who were asked, and went to the house. once, never went again ; and I ha.ve heard Indies say that nothing would induce them I to sleep in the house. Visitors related their awful experiences : if there ever was a " haunted house " it was «Wood." . ;' v v. The old house, rookery, peacocks, flagstaff, thc long drivothrough the grounds, young Mr. John prowling about after midnight ? with-loaded gun, are still vivid in my recollection, as things.will be. that have made deep impression J. on ?:> youthful-, minds. 'I lived in the village for nearly twenty, years, and knew.ltll the people in any' way connected with the sayings and doings in it of those days. , :At school I related the mysterious and soul stirring story of the " Haunted house at Wood," and was, of course, more or less chaffed, although 1 considered I verified the facts-by a reference to the belief in them of all the people in the village, and it was no use deny- ing it, because there were the.facts to speak for themselves.?. Police and men who knew all about spirits had been down from Exeter, and went back no wiser in ghost-lore than when they arrived. True, they had not arrested, or even seen, the ghost j but they were obliged to confess that there ivan ct ghost or a. something quite as -mysterious and annoying. ; The noises continued. . . , ? Bishopsteigndon, although it may look like a 'Colonial aboriginal word, is:; 'easily ; interpreted. , " Running' through tho County of Devon was a river called the1 Toign, arid- not/ far from the river stood many years since1 -probably long , before the house at Wood' iSytiS". búdt j.,oXv^ thought'] bf Bishop's palace, but who or what the Bishops had been was lost iii 1 anti- quity 'pr,/èhroiide'd-'in¡tho mystery, that time sin'e^ and : people; -f /Ï ¡nevercpuld learn whether they were Druid, Ancient Briton, Norman, . Saxon, l-toman, or what else; hut the palace that had bern was literally "old walls," and was so called by the villagers, at the period of which 1 write. Children used to be taken there by their nurses for a walle, and often have I heard my nurse tell (as if she knew all about it) that thore were under- ground pnssnges which a long time ago led to tlie churchyard ; others that led to "the river, and others, again, that lcd from the river to the "Wood." It was also said that it was believed there was " hidden trea- sure" iu some of the passages, which was a fact. But they were not allowed to be opened, because they had been closed at tho time of the gi'oat plague in England, and if opened now might bring the plague again. What will not be said, when thore is special reason for saying it ? At any, rate, such things wei'e said and. persistently, believed ju by the villagers ji and 'who Was to gainsay them? The palace pf the Bishop was, as I have stated, near or on the .river Teign, and so came the village to be called Bishops-teign-tou: I have in- ferred to the Bishops, as it may transpire by and bye, that, they or the passages were iiot entirely' dis- sociated from the brandiug of the old house, and the Teign may be found in the same category.. We will now proceed from " Old Walls " to " Wood," which is distant about two miles, and see, how tho Comyns family are about this time. You must know, gentle reader, that several years have passed since the police raid in search of a. ghost; and now, for the purpose of bringing this story to an end satisfactory to the curious who may chance to bo attracted to the ' haunted house, it is necessary, as in novels, to dispose of; that is, marry some members, of tho family, and bury others. Well, one of the sons' had died iii his youth; and another,,. George, which means of the earth, was married and settled, having been previously ordained and become incumbent of a parish. Young Mr. John had also married; hut' it was a misalliance. . Ono daughter married a clergyman, the Rev. John Landon. Another mar- ried, I think, a , curate ; and, another a captain in the British Navy, so that tho family circle was reduced to tho old Vicar, his wife and one maiden daughter. Time rolled on, and the little old lady departed this life. She had towards the close of life 'dwindled almost to nothing, and it was by many attributed to the continued occasional night racket and' distur- bance by the ghost, arid the noises set up by the spirit of the departed Dame Elizabeth. There being now only the Vicar and one daughter left, son George and his wife used frequently to go and stay at "Wood.' John also used to pay periodical visits, and after a further lapse of years he died,' and was buried in the old churchyard with tho grand dame, his mother and brother. . Since the deaths of young Mi\ John and his motheiv the > spirit seemed to have been quieted and to have taken compassion on tho' poor old Vicar, who had become, since his wife's death, - very feeble both in mind and body. He was frequently discovered rummaging.-, over old parchment deeds and wills and other legal documents, and on one occa- sion I remember' he had brought with him to the church one of Iiis parchment deeds, instead of his sermon, and: had taken it with him into the pulpit before lie discovered his mistake. Tho, clerk, -.' Old clerk Boone," as he was called, quietly lisped out that the rev. gentleman had forgotten; his sormon, and tho congregation departed earlier than usual for their homes and one o'clock dinners. .?" About this period ' Cdmyns and his wife were staying at Wood, where an.incident . occurred that greatly increased , the mystery and awe of the' ghost. The 'Vicar was growing moro feeble every day, arid his nights wore, ' restless and .disturbed. . I well remember . its. being told that ono night the Kev. George had sat np late, writing . his sermon; for tho following Sunday, as hq was going! to : take the ? service on ? that day for his aged and feeble father. Between one and t wo in the morning , h e. went out to.look róúnd,;before locking up the house. . The, next morning there was a 'rumour- that when he went out 'he ha d walked through tlie'lof ty archway leading'into the l.arge< court yard, that was flanked on one side by the altered and deserted wing, and had ,seen' the spirit of ' tho ; Dame' iBlizabeth ; but, ho could / never be induced to, confess, or, give any de- scription of what he had seen.. The irumour/increased the. mystery in.'the; village,, and some of the clever ones said in ayery knowing way, as,if they were in the secret, if riot in .league with the ghost, " that the old "gentle- man's end'was hear."/ Surely enough this was the case, as .th'e';ppor old Vicar,! : passed quietly \ away, before that sermon of his ' son's 'was preached.'-' .,'.-. ' ' : . ." , It, is', riot, lenowri what; had passed between, the Vicar and his, son ; but some time afterwards all kinds; of rumours w'ei'o afloat in the village, ono of which , was that tho dying Vicar-had told-his son that-he was persuaded,Uris mother's spirit was at rest, and that unearthly noises would no longer be heard in that' house. ; He had, it was said, 'spoken .'prophet- ically.: .Did it prove to be the case? The old'gentleman lind declared that he !h'ad'!beon''in solemn commuriica tion .with; his ''mother'si'¡ spirit, arid thàiVh'eîW^rèa^^ He;was buried,int his request, in the ínirigled ,together, in that'.old church: yard; ' Their 'spirits-ah!. Ay hat . .cn.ii, be saidoi'j known ofthem ?<i i^,'! r A Thc irony of fate and the stubborn ¡ness.bf facts aye'ísqhietiMiesj^er^ tire-, sömfrandjpyöyp^^ credulous people to encounter. Time ?ith her. Their dust generally; adds- .mysteriousness.1 to mystery ; but it sometimes " .sheds a light that dissipates the cloudy ideas ot mystics. It is known that poor mortals-bishops, priests, monks cannot be canonised as saints nntil after the expiation of a', hundred years from their quitting this life. I have often thought tho reason for this is that during tho effluxion of that period of timo realities have become sufficiently mystified to make theory and speculation rife. Moreover, persons acquainted with facts and circumstances that might run counter to wishes and. impro- babilities, have passed beyond con- sciousness to the power of - speech. Time may have added to tho mysti- fication of events relating to ." the I haunted house at Wood ;" but time anti circumstances have permitted revelation, through me, at the expira- tion of a hundred years, for this story and its sequel have not before been given to the world.: It is just about that time since tho departure of Dame Elizabeth's spirit;. ¡md''I doubt whether there aro now ''alive any ol' tho persons who played a part in this mystic drama. 'I haye called it mystic; but there, will never theless appear a certain amount of materiality with which mysticism has little or nothing in common. Tho unmarried daughter lived, with her sisters in turn ; and the old house was quite deserted, lt wan said no noises were over heard in it after the death ol' the old Vicar. ¡. . i It has since occurred to mo that, it was somewhat inconsistent-to risay that noises were not^heard-iwheri there was no one to hear them." Not long after this my parents'loft the village, and I went to live'in'London. There were many . pretty places, namely houses and grounds; in''tho admired village, and not tho; least attractive was " Delamore,"! where my youth was spent.. After wo left it was let to a general giirdener,and some years iil'tor theroarÖse a'dispute about the right to uso a, ¡certain pump. One John Bomïo, a -puinter, (a son of " old clerk Boona") had',for some time acted as agent for collect- ing tile rent, etc. The dispute waxed so warm that the oldgenoral, appealed to me, and 1 went down from London to look into matters, and eventually scored a victory. My opponent was a captain in the Navy, wno. had made himself much disliked in tho village generally, and particularly byl the his defeat. After the battle was over Boone, who had kiiown me'frdm childhood, asked mo to go to': his house and talk over old times: While, at his house, which was in, the main street of the village, a well to-do man rode by on horseback\,an'd as he rode past Boona said.,'' there's' William to Wood._ I suppose, you hardly remomboi' him;.he is quite a swell now, and has a house and shop in tho village." ?':?..?]?>?? I replied, "I well remember a small boy going into service at Wood, and that he was always called " William to Wood." " That's him," said Boone, and then began to toll mo about Wood, and its then occupants. As this: did ' not much interest me, ho, wont on* to, say he supposed I remembered about tho old house being haunted. I said, "Of course I do, and shall never forget it." ' ? ? :- > A curious and ominous smile came over his face, and he said, " Did>you over hear tho rights of it?"! *.?"'? "No !" said I, with an earnestness that seemed to tickle and amuse him; " I'll tell you." Ho began -'-with" an irreverent reference to' the spirit' bf "old Comyns'mother," arid'wickedly' said, "It was not Aar spirit, though spirits had something to do with it." He then mentioned the ? names of several men whom I had'known all my village lifetime, and said, " Well, we were all employed altering^tho old wing, you' know. '.' The 'alterations were made so as tb avoid' shutting out light from the windows of the other wing, and a low flat roof was made, which we covered, according to contract, with load. It, was, soon after this that tho.old ladys spirit, began to haunt the" wing. You seo, tho reason why tho alteration pf it was forbidden in her.i willr was to prevent tho shutting out light: from other windows; and , so. the leads were made, instead of a ¡raised roofi" How little the lawyer, who drew out that will thought what dire con- sequences would ensue. John Boone's countenance seemed to lighten up as1 he went on to say, " You1 remember tho talk about the subterranean pas- sages that were said to lead from " Old Wales'' and the church 'to 'the river and to Wood,'and"'the''rubbish I about the plague ? Well,1 you know,' there .-were - some parties i ii 'the' 'vil- lage who had reasons ; for keeping this notion np, and- for not opening those passages ; especially.the' one' that was said to lead from' the river" to V^opd, for there was, hidden trea- sures sometimes."'...'There,";" was also that dark narrow lane pleading , ,to Wood from the river and,the high road, you, know,, that,; some .people called ; ' Smuggler's , Lane.' ,., Ah ! and you remember the talk of Mr .George! writing a sermon one hight,- andhow Mr. J ohn was rather ai wild ¡ young chap. He was, to be sure, a different kind of man altogether to his brother George. You remeinbeiV'too;,;thoso fellows, coining down 'from Exeter ?i Well, some ot them- were Custom-' house officers. There* 7<;«S'-a bit'of smuggling done at, that time ;':but they never found -thê'spirit; or tlíe lady's ghost either. :: Tho hight tliat Mr. George came out 'into 'the^couft yard," there ;hap'ppned,*'someho;iv',,jto bo several of us there.1 'J'WeJ.'jh'ii'd stopped . up rather latë';"|Buï' 'hot writing sermons. When " 'wej['^a^y him, one .'of "us." said, '.'"What'/jcTOrty&ft; want out here, "Mr. George'?',...;fle .was so sur prised,,at; Ayh'at, ^hqjjiayrj that he could riot say. a wó¿d.,,,'¡0ne pf us .'-said,, ';Ypu,. ' had.' better .j gp'i ¡in doors. . and>,heyet; speakj^pf, .what" you've "seenj, here,; ¡to-night,, or, ,youi; lifo may .not be,iyalued.iat¡ aiiday.'s purchase.'?. ; He, never ; did -^speak ? lof lit, but said he had seen a spirit: That's true in a sense, for there were several kegs of French brandy in the yard, which ; wo hadn't yet got up on the leads.. ' Two or three more runs were made after the old: maris death, and then it was thought safer to knock ott'. 'Tis a funny but simple story, ain't it ?" ' 1 could say nothing, but an ocean of thought llowed through my mind. He had actually revelled in tho rela- tion of his story of " the rights of it," he added quietly; "you needn't say anything about this while any of us are alive." I did not. Ho told mo that some of the subterranean ; passages said to have been made by the Bishops, or in their time, had been used for stow- ing' smuggled . goods -" biddon trea- sures"-after they had been brought up the river. All that could bo observed now was a small opening in tho cliff nt tho river's side. The goods wero carried part way under ground, and., then through, "smug- gler's lane" to Wood. To this extent wore thc Bishbps iind tho river im- plicated in the haunting of the old house. He said the loads had for years been used for stowing kegs', and that some of the men Mr. George saw in the court-yard were the very meia who had made the alterations that brought the old lady's spirit out of her grave. Mr.' John was "by grace",in. the little game with the village'smug- glers, and used to go about the house with' a loaded gun as a'blind, as! ho knew his pals could not' move about and roll the kegs on the leads with- out some noises ; but thore'a re'people in that village how'who'still believe in the story of tho " Haunted House at Wood "; they heard, it in their youth from "father and mother," and therefore it must.'bo true. ' ;'; ' The fató of the ghost is revealed the spirits wero- to the foro-herein is the irony of fate-tho facts aro as stubborn as true - the mystery is solved, and all the actors laid iii.tho old.churchyard.' : Memento' viorLl Ú 