The Cock-lane Ghost. No London ghost has enjoyed greater fame than the one which Wal pole 'went to hear' in 1762. ' We set out from the opera,' he says, ' changed our clothes at Northumber land House. The Duke of York, Lady Northumberland, Lady Mary Coke, Lady Hertford, and I, all in a hackney coach, drove to the spot. It rained in torrents ; yet^ the lane was full of mob; and the houses fulL We could not get in. At last they discovered it was the Duke of York ; and the com pany squeezed themselves into one another's pockets to make for us. The house, which is borrowed, and to which the ghost had adjourned, is wretchedly small and miserable. When we opened the chamber, in which were 50 people with no light but one tallow candle at the end, we tumbled over the bed of the child to -whom the ghost comes. At the top [of the room are ropes to dry clothes. I asked if we were to have rope-dancing between the acts. We heard nothing. We stayed till half-an-hour after 1. Provisions are sent in like forage, and all the taverns and ale-houses in the neighborhood make fortunes.' The pretence was that the spirit of a murdered woman appeared to a girl, and by knocks and scratches answered questions. A bold promise that the ghost would knock on the coffin of the dead woman in the vault under the Church of St. John, Clerken well, was put to the test, but silence reigned. From that time the girl was more closely watched, and ultimately she was caught knocking and scratch ing upon a board concealed under her stays. The gentleman charged with the murder instituted legal proceed ings against all the parties concerned. A clergyman and tradesman paid several hundred pounds as damages. The girl, who had no doubt been tutored by her parents, was sent to prison for six months ; her mother undergoing a year's hard labor, and her father two years'. The last men tioned was also thrice placed in the pillory at the end of Cock-lane, but the rabble sympathised with him, and raised a subscription for his benefit. 