THE PASSING SHOW. BY ORIEL. The latest newspaper controversy is verily "all round my hat." Go where you will you find the discussion in full blast, and you have an uncomfortable consciousness that whenever you enter a railway carriage your hat instantly becomes an object of intense interest to the whole company, and will pre- sently be imported into the argument as a shocking example. "That's a colonial hat," says Brown, in a very obvious whisper; "see how shabby it is round the brim and where the band is wearing off." "What nonsense," retorts Jones, indignantly; "it's an English hat, only he's been drunk and slept in it." In deference to the question of the moment, a short extract from an unpublished opera may be excused:— His look was full of gloomy thought, his brow be- tokened care, He turned upon each passer-by a fixed and earnest stare; And while I marvelled at his mien, he suddenly drew near, And held me with his glittering eye, and whispered in my ear, "Where did you get that hat, young man; Where did you get that hat? Is it duty paid Or colonial made, London Imported or local trade? Oh, where did you get that hat, young man, Where did you get that hat? 'Twas thus he pleaded in a voice that shook with earnestness, He seemed a living symbol of unqualified distress; "Oh, gentle sir, forgive this haste, this evidence of woe, 'Tis not for money I implore—I only want to know— Where did you get that hat, &c.;" Oh, tell me quick and tell me true, what maker's brand it bears, And if it be Victorian made, oh tell me how it wears. Give me the price, the place, the time, I must have date and day. My card, sir—Mr. Denton Mills—oh, would you kindly say Where did you get that hat, &c.;" "Don't mention it, dear sir," I said—"a little thing like that. The fact is that I am myself the man who made this hat." "You're in the line then, sir"? he gasped. I answered, "Not at all, I made it in the cloak room at a charitable ball. And that's where I got this hat, my friend, That's where I got this hat. And by whom designed Doesn't bother my mind. It was better than the one I left behind. And that's how I made this hat, my friend, That's how I made this hat." However meekly Mr. Fitzgibbon may be disposed to take the matter, the public of Victoria are not prepared to sit by tamely and see his shield struck by an adversary too far distant to be called to immediate account. According to this hardy challenger from Cal- cutta not only is our own Mr. Fitzgibbon falsely dubbed "The White Knight," but he is not even More-an-t'sen Riddery. This is not to be borne. To be bereft of one title would be bad enough, but the Calcutta claimant coolly lays hands on both. It is not at what would be called in the vernacular "fair doos." Action of some kind must be taken. Mr. Fitzgibbon cannot be ex- pected in these days to have helm, mail coat, glaives, breast piece, and the like ready to pop into at a moment's notice, as an earlier More-an-t'sen Riddery would have had. This defect might be hastily remedied by Mr. Thwaites and his assistants utilising a little of the superfluous metalwork—iron plates, piping, &c.;—which the board has at its disposal. Mr. Fitz- gibbon, thus equipped, might be despatched to India with the next lot of remounts that leave these shores and charged to find out his adversary and settle the succession in the only knightly manner. Anyhow, the matter is of more than individual interest, and the board whose corporate honour is touched should take some drastic and effective action. An armorial bearings and heraldic committee should be formed and commissioned to report upon the question. Now the thing has gone so far the public will feel themselves meanly defrauded if the New Zealand Undesirable Immigrants Bill is shelled. The measure promised vastly well, and if passed into law would be a standing source of healthful merriment. You laugh and grow fat according to the best medical dictum, and the New Zealand mountain air, lake scenery, waterfalls, hot springs, and sulphur baths might do invalids (it they could once get into the colony) far less good then the mirth-provoking spectacle of the exclusion act in full force. It has been pointed out that the next Governor appointed could not land at any port because, if he did not come under the definition of a con- tract labourer, he would clearly be a person "likely to become a charge upon the public funds," and the newly appointed Bishop of Wellington who is expected shortly, would have to sit upon his portmanteau until a special Order in Council could be gazetted permitting his importation. The songs that have been written dubbing New Zealand the "isles of the free" will strike a different note in future. Something more like this:— There's a beautiful Isle that is set in the sea, Where the Keas and the Kiwis abound, Where the climate is brisk and the frost fishes frisk In the geysers that boil underground. But you mustn't approach it, you know, As you value your freedom, don't go. For law-givers are linked to make tourists extinct, Like the Moa and the gentle Dodo. When a nobleman's summoned in haste by his Queen, Kisses hands at the Court with a smile, And is fêted with fizz ere he sales on his bis, As Viceroy of that beautiful isle; He will really begin to despond, When his ribbons and uniform donned, He is told at the wharf that he cannot get off, But must govern the country in bond. They will all be barred out who would enter the gates, The young thing going home to her Ma, Or the lovers who come with intention to strum 'Neath her pane on the giddy guitar As for "Johnnie" with bag neatly packed, And his eye glass and toothpick intact, With one glance at his crutch they will mutter "not much," You're a "cripple" in terms of the act. Occupants of the Bench are not uniformly fortunate in their share transactions, but Mr. Justice Stephen clinched his bargain at Broken Hill the other day expeditiously and satisfactorily. It was a fair deal. No wrangling as to price, but also no brokerage or commission, and in that sense, there- fore, a palpable wrong to the Stock Exchange. But there is another aspect of the matter not particularly easy to under- stand. The case was one in which the Broken Hill Company was sued for heavy damages, and the judge announced that he could not hear the action, being a shareholder in the company. But he affably offered to sell his shares then and there at market price, which he did, the purchaser being the plaintiff's counsel. It seems harsh to imply in this way that bar is capable of more self- abnegation than bench By a queer fiction the judge is supposed to be unable to preserve even an attitude of impartiality if his own interests are affected, but the advocate, it is assumed, can exercise his utmost forensic eloquence in an effort to mulct the share- holders among whom he has just enrolled himself. This seems a case in which at the close of his remarks the counsel might justi- fiably wink at the judge. When ordinary news is scarce one can always rely upon New Zealand for some spicy item of intelligence. The politics of that delightful isle appear, indeed, to have been expressly constructed by Mr. W. S. Gilbert with the view of affording material for a forthcoming Maori opera. Mrs. Yates, of Onehunga, would certainly be a great conception, and the tableau afforded by the knickerbocker wedding party would alone make the fortune of the plot. But all these little eccentricities are capped by the announcement that the Countess of Glasgow has become a member of the Ancient Order of Foresters. We do not know exactly whether her ladyship will be expected to join in the procession of the order on state occasions, habited à la Maid Marian, and bearing a green sash and a banner. Doubtless, if required, she will do her duty unflinchingly. But it is a comfort to reflect that, should the Countess at any time be incapacitated from following her ordinary employment she will be entitled to 5s. a week sick pay, and that at death she can claim £10 down and a brass band to attend the funeral. Lady Glasgow's action is one more gratifying sign of the spread of habits of thrift among the upper class. Scepticism, as has been well said, is the note of the present age, and the sceptics of to-day are actually beginning to doubt the existence of objects, which appeal not only to their reason, but also to their senses. The latest and most flagrant instance has not occurred thank goodness in Melbourne—our sense of self-respect is still to that extent un- harmed—but in Sydney. Here we have a man who has presumably enjoyed all the blessings of a state school education—both the grammar and the spelling of his affidavit are beyond reproach—and yet he has the hardi- hood to disbelieve in a spirit form produced in solid flesh and blood for his enlighten- ment. Further than this, he even denies its existence, after having actually clutched it with his own hands. Mr. Henry is one of those obstinate and besotted sceptics whom in future all good spiritualists will certainly avoid. To refuse credence to a spirit who eats chocolates in one's presence is surely carrying scepticism a little too far, and for Mr. Henry to try to shelter himself under the miserable subterfuge that it was not "Cissie," but Mrs. Mellon on her knees, with a black mask and a wig on will not for one moment deceive people who have made up what they believe to be their minds on the subject already. I have, however, been fortunate enough to secure an interview with Cissie, who eagerly grasped at the suggestion that she should lay the real facts of the case before the public through the medium, not of Mrs. Mellon, but of The Argus. This is what she says:— Oh, listen to de story ob a simple little nig Who's bin dead dese twenty years or so, But had to come back, chillen, in a muslin frock an' wig From de land where de good niggahs go; For when de ole folks put me down I 'spec dey thought I'd stop In de grave by de ole Kentucky shore. But dey bin done gone forgot to put de tombstone on the top So I couldn't ha' got out any more. An', honies, once a week I had to leave de little bed Dat dey made me in de cane-brake deep, Where I heard do muffled howling ob de coyotes oberhead, An' it lulled dis little niggah chile to sleep. De white folks wouldnt let me rest, dey woke me in de night An' took me when do moon was on de rise, An' carried me across de sea an' stood me in a light Dat made dis little niggah rub her eyes. Now I'se a knowin' little chook, an' when I kem on earth I learnt a ting or two, without a boast About de ways ob white folk an' what coloured labour's worth, An' de value ob a punctual little ghost. An' when ole Auntie Mellum got me dere five times a day, An' I nebber had an evening off by luck, An' 'ceptin' some ole chocolates I nebber got no pay, I jest made up my mind at last an' struck. O, golly, hallelujah, ef de missus wasn't mad When I tole her I was goin' home to rest Way down in old Kentucky in dat little cot I had, For I tought, after all, sleep was best. De missus had to go herself an' do de blessed work, While dis poo' little niggah had a snooze, But soon she bin and done and caught a Tartar or a Turk, For de coyotes kem and whispered me de news. So now I'se goin' to sleep once more, I so tired ob de sun, You'll nebber see dis coloured chile again, I'se goin' off th by-loe-land, and work at last is done, I'se left de world ob trouble an' ob pain. I hear de coyotes callin' me, I hear de niggahs shout In de canes by de ole Kentucky shore, An' you musn't trust dose mediums ef dey say dat I'se about, For I'se nebber comin' back any more. 