Our Esk Letter. -:o: (FBOM OUB OWf O)aB ELrPJNDEfT.) CRICKET. The Lowood Jeniorm joorneyed to Esk on Salurday lst to play of thebtir associstion fixture with the jounior Moooutaioeers. J. Hears skippered the Lowoodotee, and, winning the toes from Spencoer. eset the Esk men to the wicket., their innings olosing for 44-0. PFlocoer (17) end E. Lord (1I, not out) being the prieoopel seorers. Their scoood innings closnd for 72, a total of 116 for both inninge. L. M'Donald 24, B M'Cormsack 16, G. Boencer S. T. Shanks 6, B. M'Lean 6, end byes 6 were the prioilpul scorer. Lowood, in their first inninge, made 61, the chief contributore being Tapsail, with IS tn his credit, J. Sollivan 9, J. Costello 6, W. Vernor 7, J. Beer 9, andC G. Baudley 6, In their second inninge, with? 65 to get to win, tbhey went to the oreases, buht only onoceeded in mlking 47, the Mountaineers thus winning by 18 rune. The sooreres of note were 3. Sxllivan 14, W Vernor II, E. Fell 10. The fielding of the Mountaineers was good ill round, as is generally the case, especially with W. Ilphiok a- longestop and 0. Speucer behind the wiokets. The euodriec in the first essay of Lowood amoounted oaly to I bye and I wide ball, and in the eeond loninga 1 bhye. Rowling for the Moontlineers first imninge, J. Moston got no wickets for It r?em, E. Lord five wiokets for 20 rans. L. M'Donald one wicket for 8 runs, J. Smith four wickets for 5 rues; seoond lonaings, G. Spenoer ones wicket for 9 rusne, J. Smith four wihkets for 21 runs, J. Moson three wickete for 16 rone. For Lowood, first innings, J. Beers captured eight wickets for 17 rone, W. Sabekeoskes one wicket for 12 runas; T. Noonsn one wicket for 12 room; eeond int. Slogs, J. Heer five wioheto for 26 rnos ; W. xohekoske two wickets for 14 rono, T. Noonan one wicket for It runs, and W. Vernor no wickers for 5 runs. The ROLOAT. Yesterday was observed here as a boliday. The weather was beautifol, and tbhe et people took fall advantage of it. The Junior Moontaineeres met and defeated the Moombra Juniors on the Esk reserve by 1I runs. This was the settlino of the dispoted matob, the former suture being woo by the Monotaineers by 1 ron, but, owing to a mistake, they played a senior man. The Bek captelo (G. Spebtosr) lost the toes from the Moombra skipper (J. Nihobelsoa), who sent the home tesm in to bat. They opened very poorly, the first three wickets felling for no runs, nine being down for 16, and the inn ings closed for SD--J. Monson It, B. M'Car. maok 6, G. fpenner 5, and oandries 5 were the only sorers of note. The secood effort, bow. over, was better, every man exoept one adding something to tbhe soore. The innigs olosed for 63, a total of 88 for both, E. Lord 11 (not ont) beintg top soorer, B, M'Cormaok 7, J. Moenson 8, W. pbiohik 8, snndries 8, Moombra's flrst inainge elosed for 35-8. Bell 10, A. Ebert 9, J. Nloholson 8. and no fewer than iix blobs. Their nexond effort amounted to the eame total (35)-A. Ebort 7, J. 7. Ebert 11, F. Dlanielu 6. The fieldieg of the home team weas again good, o uondriee being reoorded in the seoond inninge, and only I leg bye and ] wide in the frst. Tea wae provided on the ground for both team eouah day by Mea. dsmms Perro and Vernon. Mr. Bunk also had soft driks sand fruit on the grounds. The Creosbrook Oricket Club met a poked up Estk team, on a fair wicket in Mr. E. Broad's padoook, and soooeeded in wiloblg by 49 rone yerterday. The bowling for Crebsbrook was good; in the second inniogs of the ok team thbey were all disposed of for 10r man, 5 of whioh W. Franois wae responsible for. They were to have met the Isk junior team, but they oould not get enough men, and so bhad to get whom they could, a pretty fair tam being the result. At night a very eunoosofl minles. tostel entertainment oand ball were held, onder theusspixes of the Esk and Lsk Mountsineer Cricket Clobe, In the Town Ball. The atten danue was large cnd appreoiative. -As osueln the performasoe opened with the ring-T. C. Pryde (bones), R. Thorn (hmbo) and J. C. Pryde (luterlocuter). The opening ohornu was " Mahoney'a the Man," given by the ompany. The following songs were then rendered : "The Oabim with the MRoses at the Door," by 0\. Felcooer i "Good old Mary An," by T. Shanks. "Mssae's in do cold ground," by J. C. Pryde; "Oh, what a Mug," by T. O. Pryde; *?Jo"nbta," by A. B. Thompson re. oeived a well deserved enoore, the singer rea. ponding with the last verse: "Motbser and Me,' by O. Spenoer ; "Bald- headed Swell" (oomio), by B. Thorn narrowly eesaped an esnoore. This part of thebs performance ended with s oomio trio entitled "' Tbhe Torpedo sod the Whale," by Moea. T. O. and 3. 0. Pryde end B. Thoro, for which they receioved bearty applianse. The second part opened with noetsly playedpianofortes dest, "Cornorower," by Minses A. J. Blank and J. OInsne, A song. "Up to Dick," in charauter, by Mr. E. Elphick, ws reoOgsleOd es nec of.the beot items of the evening. Song, "Tbere's no one I ke Mother to Me," was nicely given by Miss. E. Vraon ; the other items being '" Pieroto"U by Mr. J. C. Pryde. and "' Napolinm to Jose. phine," by Mr. A. H. Thompson. After the interval a farce entitled *" Slim Jim" evoked roars of laughter, the following chsarsters saking part :--W. W. Finnimoro eoted excel lently the part of Snli Jim; Barnum, by Mr. 3 O. Pryde: A dJeiober ofte PPrtsMr. J. Hudson: Engine Drirer Mr. T. Shanksg Bleine Driver's Wife, Lady hf'Beaol, and Pump Oirl (three obaraoteoa), he Miass M. Winwood; Ghost and Richard III., Mr. G. Spenoer; Lunatic, Mr. J. taylor; l .Muscian, Mr. G. Falooner. The prooeeds of this concert ore to purobase a matting for the see of both clubs, and about sufficient foouds were renlised. The ball which took place aftrwarrds was very enjoyable, being kept up till dallight. Bre fresbments-tet, &o.-were; provided by our local baker (Mr. R. Yatee). Good muslo was supplied, free of obarger, by Mesorr. B. saod J. M'Cormuok (violin) Misatse J. Clone and A. Vernon end Mr. B. Thorn (piano). Mr. 0. Flconer disohbarged theduties of M.C. BuULT or OBICKET FI?EnWB, The first round of the Upper Brisbane Biver Cricket Aeooistioa fixtures is oow finished; the result is as follows :-t~ ek Crioket Club, three mstchee played, won two, lost one, four points sored; Moombra, won three ont of three, six points; Lowood, lost three onut of three, no points; Mountaineer (lk), won one, lost two, two pointo scored. Next Satarday the jonior teams of old Esk aud Moombra meet at aki in their aseooiation mtaob. aUOT0N BeALe. Mr, Elise BHarding, of Lpswiobh, held an mection sale of the Coinyeroil Botel last Wedneoday, the result being that Miss Webb parohosed everytbirg, and is now oanrrying on the business. Deoember II. 