our novelist' A TERRIBLE WRONG, ' Bt Mbh, Harriet Lewis. . Author oJM'TVio JDouhh Life' 'Lord ' ' ??*' ''(''- ?? ' ? ? '.' '? ? ? a flarhmod's Crime' fyo, -' CpAP^ll XXVI, TTUSIUKD-AXD AVI KB, Ho folt a thrill of evil exultation in .'tfio reflection that her -reputation, hor home, her happiness, ? all lay in his kooping— that ho could Bond her forth a homeless wanderer, boreft of all sho hold dear, or ho could lift her to tho highest pinnaolo of human joy. Sho wiuj innocent, and ho knew it. Sho had been most foully wronged, nnclho was sotting. JiiniRolf deliberately to deepen that terrible wrong, ami sn , ongnlf ot(iovs in it. His old wild lovo |nr hor hnd boon ovorpoworod by his inter overwhelming passion for Do lores, yet hor pvosoneo had still a wondorouH fascination for him. Ho wantodtotalk with her further, to soouro hor co-oporation in his plans, and ho resolved toaccopt hor husband's invitation and remain at King's Holm, at least until tho morrow, Ho announced his intontion, with thanks for his lordship's kindness, Tho marquis rang tho boll, and des patched iv sovvant to tho villago inn for Molcombo's portmanteau. Lady Glonmorris did notroturn, and after an half .hour of waiting for hor, which timo was spent in pleasant convorsat ion, tho host caused his guost to bo shown up to a chambor that had boon prepared promptly for his occupancy. TW room was largo' nnd luxurious in all its appointments, well wnrmod aiul \yoll aired On boing loft alono Molcombo congratulated himself upon his good fortuno in having obtainod a foothold under tho very roof of tho woman ho was so foully wronging. ' A magnificent beginning,' ho said to hiiTi.Holf, exultantly, ' I will fleo Qncenio a^ain alono this ovoning, and nmko terms with hor. The ticlo of my luck is fairly swooping on to success ! Sinco I could not marry Quoenio I shall do ovon bottor j I shall marry her peerless daughter, and win both rank and fortuno at ono stroke. I would not chongo places with any man in England to-night.' Whilo ho thus oxulted, and set to wdrk to woavo his work to groater porfootness, Lord Glomnorris had con tinnod his search for his wife, and had finally found her in his own boudoir. Sho was alono, and standing by tho window, whon ho onterod. There was something strango in hor motion low attitudo, and in tho droop of her lovely goldon head, and tho strange ness struck tho marquis at once. 11 Voloria !' ho exclaimed, with something- of uneasmoss and anxiety, ' Aro you not woll P' Lady Cllenmorris turned slowly, and ho saw that her beautiful face was startlingly pale, and that thoro was a troubled look on hor sweet, bravo purplo-bluo oyes whioh she vainly triod to conquer, ' I am quite woll, Hugh,' answer ed tho marchioness, trying to speak in hor usual tones. Lord Glonmorris lod his wife to a chair near tho hearth, » 'I How cold your hands are,' he ex daimod, chafing them between his own. ' I Jiavo noticed that you havo »ot soomod woll sinco our visit to London— sinco that night at St. Maur houflo. It almost seems to mo that you aro troublod about somothing, Valeria, I havo never soon you like this before,' ' It is nothing—only I do not feel quitowoll,' said Lady Glonmorris. 11 1 wish you did not notice me so closely, Hugh. Why should I bo troublod P' sho addod, with a little forced laugh. ' What havo I to troublo mo r ' 'What, indood,' oxclaimed tho tho marquis, unsuspectingly. ' You havo a husband wlio adores you ; a littlo son who is tho brightest and most beautiful boy in all England ; a mngnifieonfc homo; boauty, compa rative youth— evory good gift this world can give. My idea is prepos torous— you can havo nothing to trouble you.' Ho bout ovor hor and kissed hor Avith a passionate love and idolatry that stirrodhor soul to tho depths with romorsoful grief and bitterness. Sho shrank from him in a now humil ity and awakening terror. Sho had married him, by the oounsol of hor adoptod mother and benefactress, without acquainting him with hor truo history, She had mar ^'iod him, bolioving horsolf to have been decoivod by a mock marriage Avith a man avIioso roal name she had never known until within tho past avooIc, but knowing hersolf guiltless of all wrongdoing in tho sight of hoavon. Shohaddoomodher pastdoad and for ovor buried, and now it rose to haunt her in its frightful resur rootion, bringing with it horror of horself and torror of hor future. Sho had married a proud and noble gentleman, who scorned a falsehood as a crimo, Avho hated doception or concealment, and who deemed hor the grandostand noblest woman in all the world— avory typo of porfeot woman hood. Sho had given to him a son and heir Avorthy himself and his groat namo. Yet now hor past had sprung up full armed to destroy her and those sho lovod. Her terrible soorot Avas a vulturo gnawing at hor heart and throatoning to destroy tho fair, fabric sho had roared. She raelizod hoav, as she had nover dono boforo, lior fatal Avoakncss in yoildingto Lord Glonmorris's entreat ios to marry him. Sho had rojoctod him again and again, during Mrs. Calthorpo's lifotimo, believing her solf unAVorthy of his lovo and tho posit ien ho would ^ivo hor. But Mrs. Calthorpo's advice, the marquis's passionato appoals, and hor own heart, had at last conquorod hor resolvo novor to link hor ruinod life with that of any num. She marriod ' him without telling him hor history, r nnd flhico tlum nho l'iad boon liko one : iivwUiiitf upon Mm (him wmt of a eluumuK volcano, , The fatal secret of Ixw pas* h»4 risen hke somo awful ghost to fright* on hor amid hor donrost joys— in hoi1 hours of groatost happinoim.' And now tho blow kcl fallon I fcno wassnro tlmft' aho could mako terms with Moleombo to insnro his HjlDtieo ; nevertheless, whilo ho lived she would ho nndor bondago, a vory slavo depondontupon his wfll or cap nco, hor life and happinoss' at his moroy ! ( ' 1 ought nover to havo marriod I' she had boon saying to horsolf, whon the mai- quis ontorod, ' I should havo told Hugh tho whole pitiful truth— but now it is too late ! Ttio Into ! My horrible secret must bo kept from him at all hazards. I must nofc blight his lifo. I must think of tho futuro of our child. But, oh, why did I not leap from Watorloo-bridgo that awful night .-eighteen years ago P Hotter Mat I had porishocl tlien^in that temporary madness than ? livp.fl to bring shamo anddisgraco upon ono sogood and nobleasLord Glonmorris !' She put hor bittor,' remorseful thoughts from hor resolutely now, as sho sat by hor hearth, her husband's hands clasping hor own, , Ho did not suspect tho truth— sho must bo care ful that ho should not, ' ' I Avas looking ovoryAvhoro for you , Valoria,' said tho .marquis, as sho turnod hor face slightly from him, apparently regarding tho firo, ' and in my soarch I found a visitor in tho recoption room—Mr. Gilford Mol combo. Yonhadrathpr uncoromon iously quitted him, I think, and ho was awaiting your return. Had yo u forgotten1 his -presence in tho house that ypu*did;ii8t fotnrn to him P' ' No,' saitl'Lady Glonmorris ; ' but I Avas not quite well, , Hugh. I could not return ? ' . 'It was just as woll, doar. /Ho was formerly a groat friend of Lord Oswald Lonhox, Avhoisnow dead. Tho Earl of St. Maur, who was tho father of Lord Oswald, has takon Molcombo up sinco his son's death, and on tho earl's account, moro than his own, J invitod Molcombo to ro main with us— at least, until to morrow.' V Lady Glenmorris shivered slightly, but did not ansATor, ' By tho bvo,' said tho marquis, bent upon cheering his wifo out of her singular mood, ' I must toll you that tho oarl greatly admiros you, Valoria, Ho assurod mo to-day that I havo for my AYifo tho most beautiful woman in England. Ho askod mo a groat many questions about you, doar, Kg said it was easy to soo that yon were of patrician blood, Only gonorations of education and culturo could produco a being liko you, Ho inquired about tho OalthorpoB— you shiver again, Vlaoria, I hopo that you aro not going to havo a chill !' ? ' It Avas i only a momentary sonso of cold,' said tho marchioness, almost inaudibly. But go on, Hugh. What did you say about tho Caithorpos P' ' Nothing, oxcopt that they aro of gontlo blood, a good old Kentish' family, noAV nearly extinct, .1 might havo told him that you woro only an adoptod daughter of Mrs, 'Oalthorpo, and hor distant rolavtio. Your bii-th may have boon ovon snporiortohors!' ' ' But ho was not,' interrupted Lady Glenmorris. ' I dosiro only to bo knoAvn as hor daughtor, as I was by adoption and lovo,' ' So you havo alwayw said, Valoria; but you mnst havo had parents of your own,' said tho marquis. ' You ; have never told mo of thorn.' ' Bocauso tho only lifo I dosiro to remember bogan with my adoption by Mrs. Calthorpo,' said Lady Glonmor ris, in a firmer tono, ' Don't spoak to mo of tho past, Hugh. Tho subject is painful to mo.' Tho marquis romomborod that ho had always boon answorod thus Avhon 'qyovho had spokon of his Avifo's parontage. For the first timo it struok him' that hor reticonce was singular. ' Hoav littlo I knoAvof your formor lifo, Valoria,' hooxolaimocl. 'Mrs.Cal- thorpo told mo onco that you had boon marriod, and that you Avoro a widow. Sho said that your fivst marriage had beon unfortunate and unhappy, and that von had rolinquishod your hus band h nnmo at his, doath, rosuming your former nnmo of Miss Oalthorpo, You havo novor spokon ono Avord to. mo of that first husband. You havo novor montionod his namo, nor told mo Avhoro you livod with him, nor Avhon nor whero nor how ho diod. - I have never had courage to ask you about him, Valoria. To toll you tho truth I havo always boon jealous of that first lovo of : yours, and I, could not boar to spealc of him. ' But your look-Avhon I camo in, your nmnnor for the last tAvo or throo days, havo lod movto fear' that you Avoro brooding ovor that past, and I oannot koop sil« ence longer. Toll mo all about your self my, wife. My wholo lifo. is an open book to you; lot yours have no soalod pages from mo.' Hospoko with an infinito tender ness, but his unhappy wifo' shrank from his loving olasp in doadly fear. For two years sho had Avarqod . off suoh questionings, and sho had bo lieved that sho might ward them off for over. What could sho say P She could not toll him a falsohood. Sho could not confess the fatal truth, lost ho should spurn her for the outcast she believed horsolf. ThoroAvasa long silonoo botAvoon tho^ pair. Tho husband waited patiently for tho confidonco sho could not give, (To bo continued) 