HOCUS POCUS IN ART. HOW SOME PERSONS WHO THINK" THEY KNOW ARE SWINDLED. ?ueer Tricks Practiced by Men Who Make a Living With Pencil and lirash-las toonistswith MoreThanoaneame-One Who Made His Ghost Famous. Artists who sign their names to pio tures that other men paint are quite plentiful in this town. In a little store on Fourth avenue, just aronnd.the cor ner from the American Academy of De sign, there are some very pretty exam ples of water coloring for sale. The signature in the corner of each canvas is that of a woman. The dealer was in a communicative mood the other day, and as he was talking with a reporter he picked up one of the paintings and held it to the light for observation and discusion. "That woman brings somevery good work in here for me to sell," said he. "There-is one peculiarity about her, ? tlfough. She'alwaye writes her slgana.-?°?_ ture in my shop." The dealer paused as though to be questioned. "Why does she do that?" was asked.. "Well, 1 suppose she doesn't like to put it on at the studios where the pic tures are painted." "She doesn't paint her own pictures, then?" "Not allof them. It's easier to pick them up here and there and bring them to me to sell I don't know how much she pays the artists who paint them, and I don't care. It's none of mybusiness. All I know is that theworkisvery good and that I can get good prices for it. I suppose she is building up a reputation on thestrength of these canvases. Well, why shouldn't she? She gives work to a lot of people who would probably starve otherwise. You see, scores of persons can paint pictures and very few have the knack of getting them sold." Sometimes an artist signs more than one name to his own work. This hap pens every day on some of the illustrat ed weeklies published for Broadway circulation. The publisher doesn't like to see one man's name signed to every cartoon or fall page picture. He does not want it known that his staff of art ists is so small. Not long ago one of the cleverest of the illustrators used to sign his own name to the big two ipage picture in the middle of the periodical and a nonmde. plume to the first page drawing every week. In a little while he began to receive letters addressed to the -assumed name, giving orders for work and full of compliments. He had built up a reputation for the mythical artist which he could not get for him self. His pride was hurt, but he swal lowed the humiliation and proceeded to increase the fame and the revenue of his ghost. A New York artist who draws for the pictorial weeklies tells a story of his experience in England at a .time when all- the publishers were demanding French illustrators and had no use for native talent. This particular artist knew that: he could cut corsages as low and skirts as high as any Frenchman that ever lived. He had spent several vacations and lots of hard earned mon ey in seeing the particular side of Pa ,risian life that the publishers were howl .ing.for at that particular time. He assumed a very Frenchy name; wrote in that language altogether and submitted his sketches, which already. out- Frenched the Frenchmen in their naughtiness. He made a big hit, his mail orders were numerous, and for many months he enjoyed a lucrative in come under his title of De Boulanger or whatever it was, while all the other English illustrators were drawing for the religious weeklies, which cannot afford to pay half as big prices to their artists as their more wicked and pler haps more interesting contemporaries. In the window of a picture store in Harlem there were exposed for sale not long ago two small canvases with the magic nrame of Corot in the corner. The price of each was'$250. Now, a genu ine Corot is worth anywhere from $1, 000 up. Was it a mistake or an at tempt at swindling? The pictures were in Corot's style, and only an expect could tell whether they were genuine or unot. The dealer would give no written guarantee. He said he believed the two canvases were genuine, and he explain ied, the low price. by saying that he bought the pictures from a man in hard luck who was ignorant of their value. The purchaser took all therisk If the pictures were not genuine Corots, their .realvalue was anywhere from $5 to $50. That is one of the queer things in the art business. There are pawnbrokers in this town who have been known togo into a pic ture swindling scheme, as more than one credulous buyer has learned to his cost. It is not an infrequent occur rence for an amateur in art to be ap proached with a lquest to buy a pawn ticket calling for a lot of pictures pledg ed forl say, $100. The pictures, the - stranger says, are worth at least $250. He will sell the ticket for $25. If the amateur buys it, he pays not only the $25 for the ticket, but the $100 and in terest to the pawnbroker. It is a perfectly safe and easy meth od of swindling. Neither the pawn broker nor the ticket seller is likely to be caught. The pictures may only be worth $10. It cannot be proved that the pawnbroker knew this or that the other man knew it, for that matter. The victim has scarcely any mode of redress. Swindles like this would not be possible but for the fact that very many men believe they know all there is to be known about art, when, as a matter of fact, they know nothing at all. Or, in other words, "the crop of suckers never fails," to quote the old maxim of the green goods dealer.-New York World. 