CORDALBA. ifrou A COnBESPONIlBNT. Our littlo township is makiug a rapid movomcnt. That whioh was doneo sorub 3 months since is now tho' saono of aotivity. Tho Cordalba Hotol, being on the corner, was tho first to lead tho way and from their premises down towards tho school, clouting is going on apaao. Batcher, baker and blacksmith, havo built and others are clearing for improvements &o.;, with a viow of building in too near luturo. Tho mooting of the Planters Association re gumming in the oano ie of interest to all here and there is need for tho inspootor (Mr Tyrou) to visit tho Isis. os somo of tho oano is very badly affootod. Mr Walker's at Knookroo, I hoar is vory bad, so inuoh so that some of our other farmers are complaining at tboir cano and Mr Wolkor's being crushed at tho samo time, tho donsity is muoh less und thor havo to suffer as well. Messrs. Ponny and Com. will, no doubt, boo that this is altered without delay. 0 Wo have reoontly had two visits from th Railway District Engincor, Mr. Pagan' making inquiries as to tho requirements of the farraors Ac and as to how muoh trafflo thera will be for tho railway. It appears to havo go abroad that a few large estate .owners have beon trying to get the lino to stop about two miles from tho township. We are going to .havo a mooting to see about this gross in justice, Thero will bo tho biggest "go iu" that Cordalba bos over had if tho Jine doos not como right on hero. -If a fow thousand.pounds in tho tconof construction it is a ponny wiso and pound foolish polioy, If it is through tho in fluence of gontlomen holding largo ostates that tbo alteration is to bo mad© tho mombers i of tho Wide Bay and Burnott districts will bo ! expected to urgo clsowhero our claim to tho torminus hero. Undoubtedly a lino to Cor dalba will pay well. Thoro is tho Isis Central Mill Company certain to have a mill orootod and tho sito for tho Messrs. Young Bros.' mill , is likely to bo at this end. Many other reasons why it should oomo hero may bo cited, but oommon sonso must show that tho lino is in quired st this part in particular. ivuwbcuu iuui uaiu jubii jjuu weu uuuiwuuui rollers oomplotcd and will bo putiog on moro hands dotting tho weok. Whon four sots of rollers aro going tho quantity of cane whioh b still standing will soon find its way to tho mill. Our day school has roooivod a visit from ono of the inspectors during the past wook. Tho sohool is not large onough for tbo present re- v quirexnents and there is somo talk of making additions thereto. A Sunday Sohool has boon startod with a fair number of ohildron attending, tho sohool being kindly lont for tho purposo. Tho P. M. minister from Howard comes hero and oonduots service alternate Sundays. The ovont of tho past week was tho danco and suppers given by tbo gonial proprietor of tho Cordalba ifotol, Dancing was commonood at an oarly hour and kept up until midnight, when a woo drop of tho orator and a host of good things woro freely partaken of at sapper A low songs woro sung and loudly applauded. Then a fnrco 11 tho Ghost in tho middle of tho wight," was wpU" .pl%yod, Danoingwas again to tho foroand tho fun wps keptuptill 4 a.m. Tho ontortuiumont was really onjoydA and tho officials gavo ovory satisfaction. Visitors oamo from bothjyourjtown and Cbilders. Miss Oliurob, of Bundaborg, being tbo bollo of tho hall. We aro gotting real summer heat now, tho 4ys bpipg vory hot with an oooasional showor. pur roadways aro Jbadly wanting attention, miles of thom aro badly wanted fpp traflio and thoir cloarlng would bo amplo ior tho proBont but although our Divisional Bourd appeared to bo short of funds un effort will bo mado to got tho work dono. Wo havo to pay rates and expcot to got our sbaro of thom spent In impvovomonts. . Wo W no placed In a much bettor position for pows being able through yopr onterpriap to fo't pur Mail. Qu tho day of publication Mr. otheoory gots thom down in tho afternoon and Ids plaoo boing central this chango suits us woll. By-tho-by your paper is gainjog favor In this part of tbo sorub, Tho Isis Control Mill Company Ltd. hold a vory successful mooting on Saturday nighty 30th iqst,, a largo number of farmers being prcsont. It was roportod that things in uonnootion with tho Company nro going on well. A communication was roooivod from tho Govornmont Htallng that tho dobonturos would bo granted oh soon as the Company hu<l GOO Heron of uatio plautcd. This, it was dooidod, should be dono by Mnroh noxt, tho farmers fully making up their tniud to go in and win. Thoro will bo plonty of oloariog, burning, and planting now to he dono, and oro long wo hopo to hoo tbo miff an acoomplisbod fact with many auros of land, now donso sorub, fields of waving cano>ugnr. 