The Queenslander. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1894. The Separation Bugbear. PROBABLY not a score of persons outside Rockhampton and Townsville will regret the laying of the Separation ghost. The movement was undoubtedly inopportune whatever may be said of its preniaturene9B. The colony has for several years past been in the throes of an industrial war. The original cause of the quarrel was the assumed wealth of employers. The flood of loan capital, introduced both by the Government , and the financial institutions, had inflated values which a few years ago it was hoped ' might be sustained by the increased pro duction of exports. The multiplication of sheep in Western Queensland was expected to be prodigious, and to prove an ever yielding mine of wealth to the colony. The export trade in frozen meat was believed to be almost established on a remunerative basis, and the sugar industry was only threatened by the prospective abolition of black labonr which those engaged in it felt confident of averting when the effect of that measure was onoe realised. The goldfields promised steady expansion. It is doubtful whether the colony would have wholly escaped a financial crisis had the Banguine expecta tion of its people been realised. But with respect to pastoral prodnots at least it has been bitterly disappointed. The colony has been saved from insolvency by sugar and gold, for they alone have come near to anticipation. But the working men of the colony could not bo induced to appre ciate the significance of obvious facts. Even some of their Parliamentary repre sentatives contended that the way to prevent the impoverishment of the colony was to forbid the export of gold, and that if the monopoly of banks and mortgagees could be broken wages would go up and employment become plentiful. Imbued with this belief the Labonr leaders viewed the monetary difficulties of employers with hope and satisfaction. They thought that the trouble of the time arose from the product of their labour and toil being filohed from them. Bo they did their best to aggravate the em barrassment caused by stagnant markets and falling prices. Their conduct was only a freßh illustration of the fable of the mem bers revolting against the belly. They fought stoutly and valiantly to compass the destruction of their own wages fund. And unfortunately they too well succeeded. Striking for wages that could not be paid they foroed economies upon employers, and compelled them to introduce labourers from elsewhere. This oost money, and in the meantime the abnormally high rate of wages was maintained. There could be but one result, but {he Labour leaders would not perceive it. And even now it is quite certain that they would advocate a universal strike and boycott but for the proof that it must fail. And it is equally certain that were Separation obtained the two new colonies would be dominated by the Labour party. That means that employers would be peremptorily told how they should conduct their business and spend their money. The situation would have been an impossible one, and fortunately the more level-headed of the Separationists eventually perceived that dismemberment of the colony under such conditions meant ruin. These gentlemen had been the mainstay of the Separation movement, and on their with drawal it ignominiously collapsed. It remained only for Lord Ripon to deal its death-blow with a weapon provided by the Separationists themselves. In addressing the Imperial Government a few months ago they admitted the inopportuneness of their movement. What more forcible con demnation could their warmest opponent have suggested? And consequently the ghost of Separation is now laid. Let us hope that this event means the dawn of happier timeß, especially in conjunction with the official discon tinuance of the strike. What the public interest now demands is a concerted effort of all classes and all parts of the oolony to restore confidence and prosperity. Let every man work for what he can get, but work in every case. There is enough to be done, the trouble being to do it at a price that will enable it to be done without loss to the employer. The tendency of all prices is downwards still, and the worker must look for his compensation in cheap ness, not in high wages. When values have been thoroughly readjusted the Separation movement may again obtain new life. For the present it is unques- tionablv dead. 