Ao/ HEARING YARN. A shearing yarn you want, eh? Well, wo had a prottv good run of sheds that year, so we heard a good story or two told — Gibbs's ghost, ever hear it? Well, never mind, tell you that Home other time ; but this one I'm going to tell you now is against ourselves a bit. We had just cut-out at Milwinghi, the last big shed down the river, and started to work up stream and top off amonsr.st the cookies. The first place we struck was an old ehnp's they used to call ' Old Po litef ul's ' ' — had about 4000 sheep, and it just suited us, so we signed. There were three of us that had been together all tthe season and three other chaps, six altogether. After we signed, the old fellow said as we'd been right through the season we must be a bit tired of mutton, he'd give us beef if we didn't mind ; he couldn't sell his bullocks, and we might as well eat them as have them wasting grass. Of course, we did not make any objection to that, and other Avays we got along first-rate. We had to keep our hands a bit low, but, as it was about the last cut we'd have and we were not in a hurry, that did not trouble us. And he was a friendly old chap, used to ask us into prayers and that, and we be gan to feel quite at home. There is someone in every shed — you know — who has to take a lot of 'chyacking' — be a sort of butt like. Well, there Avas one here, a sort of loppy ; they christened him Sir George Dibbs, because he Avas always talking politics and about the fiscal question — whatever that is — and the state of the country. But no matter how we'd ' chyack ' him, he'd only grin as if ho had something up his sleeve. Well, Ave had all cut-out on Satur day evening, all but about a hundred, and the old chap asked us if we'd object to finish 'em on Sunday morning. He put it that it was a work of necessity and mercy, and gave us scripture for it, though our trouble Avasn't very great about that. AnyAvay, we finished off about eight o'clock, and trotted up the river to the shanty about five or six miles. Old Jerry Carr kept it. Perhaps you know Old Jerry ; old chap with one eye ; been a bit of a ringer himself in his time, We had a few drinks and a good dinner, and by-and-bye Avho should turn up but Sir George, and, being a bit merry, some of the boys got chaffing him again, but he took it just the same as ever, never got the ' needle ' a bit, so we gave it up, and began to respect him and be a bit sorry, for some of them was a bit rough on him, and Jim Waldron made him a present of a brand new meerschaum, and Avhen he was going Ave all went out on the verandah to see him off. He Avas just a bit balmy, but he got on his horse all right — he was a good horseman — and then he turned round and said : 'Look here, chaps, if I'd a known you was so good-hearted, I'd a told you before. I'm d ? d sorry now I didn't, hut them bullocks wot you- et was canecri/.' \- Dublin Bob. 