The Spooks of Long Gully. A SKETCH OF BUSH CHILDREN'S SUPERSTITIONS. (By Henry Lawson.) The first part of sketch treats of a time when we were all ' kids' together, and went two or three miles through Long Gully to the old bark school — whenever we couldn't get out of going — and took our dinners with us in our dinner bags, and our homo-lessons in our exercise books ; and copied or corrected the said home lessons from the model boy's book whenever we could get hold of it, or a squint at itby fraud, force, or bribery ; when we thought it was ' wicKed to swear, smoke, tell lies, or point at the moon — much to the disgust of the bad boy at school ; when wo regarded a shanty spree with childish horror; when we had a 'conscience;' and when, nevertheless, we ' wagged it,' whenever the evil spirit moved us ; and stole fruit, if it tempted us too much, and told 'stories' to avoid a 'hiding' — even as we do now to avoid starling — aud teased the girls, and 'went swimmin' ' or ' five-cornerin',' when we should have been studying ; and when we believed in ghosts and fairies ; and our principal ambitions were to be mounted troopers, bushrangers, and jockeys ; when wo were mostly true to each other, good Socialists without knowing it. * Long Gully was deep, dark, and deserted, and if it wasn't haunted, it should have been. It had the name of being haunted, anyway. One or two murders had certainly been committed there, to say nothing of others which had ' been done right enough.' My earliest experience of the ghosts of Long Gully dates from a dim, uncertain Sunday even ing, long years asrone, when I was a youngster, or a ' young 'un,' or a ' hid,' as the local bushmen and hard-cases variously put it. I was returning home from a 'five-cornerin' ' expedi tion on the ridges in company with half- a-dozen school mates, aud, somewhat to our dismay, darkness overtook us before we reached the end of the haunted gully. We were chased by the ghost of old Jack Drew. One of tho other boys — it was Jim Bullock, I think — saw him first, close under the gap in Deaclman's IIollow, and, as near as I remember, he followed us right down to the foot of the gully. We ran. I didn't see the tiling myself, but several others of the boys did — I took their word for it. Strictly speaking, we saw the ghost collectively rather than indi vidually ; and yet our several descriptions of tho spook clidn't agree — they differed in essential points. However, it was decided that the thing was the ghost of old Jack Drew, and none other, because it first appeared on the site of the hut where he had been found dead — with his throat cut, and a razor in his hand — years before. Most of us agreed that it was a kind of shiny white thing, shaped like a man ; and that the trees could be seen through it; and that it vanished from the middle of the road at the foot of the gully — seemed to fade away like. But Jim Bullock held out thai the ghost was a sort of dend white, and didn't shine, and didn't vanish, but floated slowly up through the branches of the trees. I sided with him, because I didn't want to be behind, and because, with us, the minority, if Jim was in it, always seemed to hold the strongest position and command the greatest respect in the end — anyway, it attracted the most attention, for the others would sink their differences and all join in an endeavor to ' argue Jim out of it,' which they couldn't. An old bushman, who had known Drew in his time, was interviewed, and was of the opinion that the ghost went down ; so the chances were that Jim Bullock was wrong. He stuck to his opinion, however, in spite of all opposition, and I stuck to him f'.r the sake of the reflected light of his notoriety. He admitted one thing only, and that because he was sharp enough to see that it would add to his greatness; it was that the spook might have been sent after him as a 'judgment' for his having unwittingly 'pointed at tho moon ' on that same evening. Perhaps, he felt a bit uneasy ou that score, but ho never let on ; and after this the others regarded him with increased reverence, and 'wot Jim Bullock said ' carried greater weight than ever. * * * Another evening wo were playing hideand seek about tho deserted slab . hut where old Grandfather Robinson died, aud young Fred. Dunn looked through a crack between two slabs, and saw the ghost of old Robinson — or, at l-.-ast, he said he saw it. ' Hun ! Run foryour lives !' he yelled, taking the lead. ' I seen old Robin son's ghost! It's imidc ! Come on away! Run for your lives!' We ran — we ran hard, and didn't wait for air. ' The boy who's turn it was to hide, and for whom we'd been hunting unsuccessfully for the last half-hour, found himself without loss of time, and didn't lose any in catching up to us and trying to got home first. Fred, explained that he saw the ghost of the old man sitting at the table reading a newspaper. We objected, as soon as we recovered breath, to the effect that there was no table left in the hut ; but Fred, said that lio never said there was a table ; he seen the ghost of a table, and if we didn't believe him, let us go back and see — we might as well call him a liar. At last we agreed to go back altogether, and Fred, took tho lead ; but, when we got to within a few yards of the hut, Eomeono declared that he saw something white gleaming through the cracks, and wo came to a standstill, promptly and unanimously. Then Fred, suddenly shouted : ' There he is ! He's coming out through the door ! Lookout! Hero he conies !' and took to his heels. We didn't wait to look. Wo ran for our natural lives, and took Fred.'s word for the rest. # * I lately revisited the neighborhood of Long Gully, and collected all the available information concerning tho spooks. The following is the result of my labors : — Tom Quinn, a respectable and sober farmer, residing about a mile from the head of the gully, was returning home from town one ni^ht rather late, and he took the rough track through the gully by way of a short cut. He was driving up the steep 'pinch' which led to the gap when he fancied he heard a peculiar noise be hind—a ' rum ' noise he said it was. He looked round and saw the ghost of a woman following the cart. She was dressed in black, and had long, black hair, and had big-, shining eyes, which -last were fixed on him (and they made an impression, no doubt). She was gliding along behind the cart, with her hand laid on the top of the tail-board. Her face was a ' sort er dull, dead white.' He thought at first that she was a real woman, and wanted a lift, so he pulled up, but when he looked round again, she was gone. Then he thought she was drunk, or ' luny,' and had got under the cart; so he drove on apiece, and looked round, but she'd vanished. Then he drove like mad- for home. He jumped out of the cart, left it standing in tho middle of the road in front of his house, and went in and laid down. He never said a word until the next morning. It was generally agreed, locally, that he had seen the ghost of a carrier's wife who had been murdered in the gully by her husband some fifteen years before. I interviewed Jim Block, an old splitter, who had camped in the gully for a month or two. ' He couldn't say he seen anything, but he'd heer^l some rum noises in the night. He wasn't frightened so long aS he seed ; nothing, but J he didn't' like camping there. ' He heerd footsteps and things, and a noise like a man being knocked on the head. Ole Crow had camp'd in the same hut, and could tell me some rum things about it if he liked.' I saw ' Ole Crow.' Ho never heard nothing, but he saw some ' rummy ' things. Old Dean could tell me more about it than he could ; but I'd better not ask Dean, for ho didn't generally like to talk about it. An old cove named Grump had come home through the gully one night, and they say he was never the samo afterwards. But old Gump was dead. I tried to pump Crow about tho 'rummy' things ho ' seed,' but couldn't get any satisfaction out of him. I next saw old Jarge Bullen, who'd lived in a hut under Deadmau's Gap. He never saw no ghosts, but he'd seen a ' 'airy man.' ? He'd been splitting, and was coming down the ridge after sundown when he heard a rum sort of noise, like a cart-horse coming down tho siding. He looked up and saw a big thing, like a giant covered with long red air. It was 'summat like a yourang ertang.' Jarge ran, and tho hairy man followed him 'clean up to the hut.' He had just time to get in and barricade tho door. The hairy man went 'snuffing and snifling' round all night, scratching the bark and trying the door, and went away about day light. Jarge shifted out of the gully next day, for he didn't want to spend a night like that again It was also reported that an old fossickor named 'Corny George' had been chased in Long Gully by a hairy man and three ghosts. He arrived at a farm next morning in a fearfully excited condition, and died in tho delirium tremens a few weeks later. A young drover named J oe Phipps didn't see any ghost himself, but his brother Ted did ' Ted was comin' home one night from ar. danco - and was ridin' through Long Gully when his horse shied at soinethin' near the road. Ted looked and saw a kind of white thing, like a woman standin' near the track ; it glided across the road and disappeared into the scrub. Ted couldn't -ret his liorso to move afterwards ; it only stood stock still and trembled. Ted had to take the saddle and bridle off and cany them home, leaviu' the horse there. After that tho same horse always gibbed at that same spot, and Joe often had to hump the saddle home himself. Lord strike him dead if he did'nt ! Ted did'nt get over it for three days.' He was at present on the Laclilan, so we did'nt sco him. We also heard that an old Irishwoman, who lived on a small selection below the gully, had been visited by one of the spooks ; but it turned out on investigation that it wasn't a ghost slio saw. It was an angel. According to her account she was sitting alono in her kitchen one night reading the Bible, when tho ' blessed ' angel came to her and told her that her son, who lived 10 miics away, was dying. The strangest part of it was that the son did die that night in the 'horrors' in a shanty. Tho angel told the old woman that she wasn't to fret, for her son was going to a better world ; that he would lose nothing by pegging out (or words in that dircctiou), which was very true. The angel also said that his relations must bear up against the sorrow of his loss, and be resigned. They did, and also they were. So did the neighbours. Tho district could have lost several better men without much grief. Tho old Avoman was not sure about the identity of the spirit ; it left no card. She thought it was either Gabriel or her departed husband, and was inclined mostly to the latter part of her opinion. .Local heathens insinuatecl0that it was Gin. She stated that hor visitoi was dressed in shining white and wore a pair of wings and a calm and holy and peaceful . expression. Friends who had known her hus band were of the opinion that it was Gabriel sho saw. Some school children had been chased by the spook of War Kee, a Chinaman who died there since my time. It would appear that some of the said school children had' been in the habit of teasing War Kee when ho was in tho flesh, and consequently his re-appearance as a ghost caused no small commotion amongst them. I inter viewed one of them. He said ho had'nt seen the spectre himself, but he heard it following behind. He was too frightened to look round. Young Jack Dunn (son of Fred, my old schoolmate) was a little behind tho rest, and saw the ghost. Young Jack said that it kept singing out, ' Give me back my pig-tail ! Give me back my pig-tail !' But none of the others never heard it, 'ceptiug Jack's little brother Jimmy. Jimmy said that ho was chased wonst by a big white thing with- a flamin' red eye in the middle of its forehead an' a green eye in tho back of its head ; but I wasn't to take too much noticc of that because young Jimmy was allors tollin' them sort of yarns. Besides, how could he seo the green eye in the back of the ghost's head if he was chased ?' Tho youngster evidently considered this a clincher ; but young Jimmy came forward at this point aud explained that the ghost ran both ways, ' sometimes backids and sometimes forrids.' But young Jack routed little Jimmy by asking him how ho knew which was tho front and which was tho back of the spook in question. I collected a great deal of evidence besides the above ; but it is mostly unreliable, and so I refrain from publishing it. One peculiarity about the ghosts of Long Gully, and one which I cau'fc help noticing, is that tlicy always 'chase' people on sight, especially children, but never catch anybody They must be very slow ghosts. It was, indeed, reported that one of them really did catch old Boozer Reid in the gully one night ; but his account of the business was so disjointed and lurid, and so evidently overdrawn and exagger ated, that I cuuld not, in justice to the more respectable spooks of Long Gully, believe him to the extent of publishing his evidence. An Experienced View. — Husband : ' A bachelor doesn't know what home is.' Wife: ' Neither do some married men until long after midnight.' Premier Forest predicts West Australia's gold export for this year to represent £750,000. It is close on that now. How much will her import of tribute rights over Labor be ? A lady, who wished to weigh her baby, two months old, but had no scales at hand suitable for the purpose, took the child to a neigobouring butcher's shop. The butcher put the baby in his spring scales, looked at the dial, and remarked : 'With the bones and all inum, its fourteen pounds and a half. Shall I ? ' 'How dare you make such a' suggestion ! ' ' screamed the woman, as she snatehed her baby and ran out of the shop. An anecdote about Lord Rosebery is going the rounds of some French and German papers. It is alleged that once, while crossing from Liverpool to Dublin,' vice versa, Lord Rose bery lost his favorite dog, 'Mutton,' over board. 'Stop, captain, stop the steamer !' cried Lord Rosebery. But the captain replied*' that he was only allowed to stop if a man fell overboard. 'Oh, that can soon -be arranged,' answered Lord Rosebeiy, and jumped into the sea. Of course the captain had to order 'Stop,' and the peer and Ids dog were taken up safe and sound. To be taken with a grain of salt. 