FANCY DRESS FOOTBALL -MATCH. Qnite a novelty in the. shape s fancy ,dress football matchl as insagu rated by the residents of Riddel's Creek on Wednesday.la?, for the laudable object of raising funds for the Kyneton Hospital. .Shortly after dinner the town was en f2te, and crowds assemliled at the Mechaniic's institute to see the procession :start, in vhich fully h0 .took part. Some of the edreses and characters: were really excellent. Special mentieon maybe made to J. M'Cubbim, nldian prince-; L. Werner, Chinaman; A. Allen, policeman; A. :Satherland and J. Kil martin, as up-to-date girls; L. Suttor and E. Murphy as .genedarmes-; 0. .Edwards, Salvation Army captidri; and T. Pn?vealas Sir"Enry; and, in faet,the whole of the :characters were ?very good and well sustained. Mr H. ELord,i as the Wild Man from Bornes, mounted aon a ;peculiarly attired pony, the. shole having a very ludicrous effect, acted as marshall for ,the procession; followed by a trap .containing the musicians. The horse drawing The latter vehicle was also attired in an amusing manner. Thefollowing were:theharacters repre se?ted;-T, Dwyer, Vice Versa; W. Edwards, Indian Hawker; L. Werner, Salvation Army Captain; M.. Markham,: Swell Darkie ; W. Sutherland, Up-to date Girl-.; . Kilmartin, Up-to- date Girl; B. Murphy, Gensdarme; luiutton,: Gensdarmes 4 A. Allen, Policeman; J. Perry, Page ; A. Trask, Ghost; G. Sutherland, Clown; E. Brown, Darkie Lady ; C. Edwards, Nurse Girl; .EL Allen, BIolinda Jack ; W.. Whittaker, Swell Darkie; F. Ryniker, Hospital Nurse-; t. Sommerville, Jockey; 'T. Purcell, Sir 'Enry; H. Clayton, Clown;: T. Markham, Golilin; H. Spiker, Darkie Lady; Robert Harper, Nigger; J. Stan nage, Flcwer Girl; McPherson, Topsy; Hankinsou, Uncle Tom; J. M'(,ubbin, Indian Prince; Scott MWGillivray, Man o' Warsman; D. Yeaman, Alabama Sam; T. Murphy, Coachman; T, R. Rosman, Gricketer ; R. Sanse, Footballer ; D. Allan, Postillion; J. Millane, Foothaller; H. Alian, B?lsek Jack-; Hesie, Aborig inal; H. Elford, Wild Man from Borneo; W. Richardson, Nurse Girl; A. Brad shaw, Darlie; W. Lowe, Darkdie; A. Adln, Darkie; A M'0 ubbin, Darkie ; T. Harper, Darkie; S. Harper, Darkie. When the ground was reached a most amusing display of football was given, after which leap frog, dancing and foot racing, was indulged in. A small snow-: ball maeh with blooms of the snowball tree was very effective. An exciting tug-of-war also took place, all in cos tame pulling the spectators, and so even was the pulling that the rope broke exactly in the centre, the pullers on each side getting a good fall. Songs were -given by Messrs A.. Allen, Hankinson, and D. O*lMeara, amongst others, the whole concluding with the singing of :Auld Leng Syne" and the National Anthem. This was the most enjoyable evening ever spent in Riddell's Creek, each present exerted himself to please the other. The children were in a wild state of excitement, and the day will long be remembered by them at least. The committee, mho labored so hard to make the undertaking a success, deserve the greatest credit, and had the pleasure of seeing their labors rewarded, as nearly every resident of Ridde1l's Creek as sembled on the racecourse. A collection taken up at half time in aid of the iKyneton Hospital resulted in the hand some amount of £4 8s 6d being sub scribed for that end. 