Mulga Jim's Mean Trick. At dawn we started from Baagall Creek, Full fifty miles by the Downfall track, And if -our horeesoould only speak The word they would utter would be ' Un ? pauk^ ? Let as camp Mid Mat in the brigalow shade Till the sun beads wesfr with his fiery blaze ; I've some mutton cooked and some damper , * made, Sbtoil the billy aad they may graze. Ifc^^Mxia 1 Puu'ii b» uf tai J uf ihn bdl ! ^^Hkiko, old fallow, don't reef and tons, ^^^?pft a bit fresh with your three months' ^Hb^ou have not the bides like your worthy Hovelled this country with Mulga Jim. We were mates for yean, but we're strangers now. It wa* all through a dream that I quarrelled with him. And while we're at dinner I'll tall you how. Jim got a iaU tm Gombabola run, An ugly smash when (be horse came down ; So I drew his oheque when the fenoe was done, And brought his horses and things to town. On the way I camped at the Douglas Pond, And there I got dreaming -that Jim was de&d; . _. ? Thsft his ghost came back from the space beyond. And sat at my feet ell night and amid : 'I've broken tt»ebond«i of eternal *leep, r I've sundflred jfefttangifi of jDestiiiy 1s threads, Fa-m4aw^wrifliag4mwld wtoto titooatfe^ worms creep And the corpses freeze in A«r clammy beds, 'P*« the eons of darkness who guard the 'Htiit ffl* |w*ly ' w-iiafigft'Miff ft ffvfr jffrtt fi^H1, - 'Being doomed %o ajorment that knows no enflj ? ???'??* ?» ' ? ? * ? I would warayoa &ok; from the realms of paitt, - Bo bait in wow hellward parser, old friend. Farewell! Ireturatotfiydooinagain.' ' Hold hard.' said I 'and Ml go with you, And we'll make tilings hum in the realms below; § 111 gomatae in whatever you're going through. Awt thwe some in hell that I'm sure to know?!! ? 'Some !,- Why there are hundreds,' the ghost replied. ? ' Tour eldest brother stokes next to me, And your old mate, Harry, is close beside, And wore in the emoke that I cannot see. ' But it's getting daylight. Give us a-ohew. ... I'll be back in hell when the eon gets up. Thanks. A ward in your ear as I say adieu— . You may back The Orphan to win the Cup. 'Oh n»ther, old comrade, before you leave Reed me a key to the riddle of life ; What is the plan of she tangle we weave t And what is the end of the stress and strife? ' Our longing desires that grow faint to gaze On the silent aoora of the crystal stars. These wordless dreams ^hat diiherel our days, Shall they be unravelled beyond the bars 1 ' Are the hidden things to your gaze revealed ? Did the way seem long when you had to die ? Are the sobs not hushed ? Are the Bears not healed? When you question now is there no reply ? ' Are the rights and wrongs of the earth made Blaia? Musv our years of strife be without their fruit? Had we better strive, though for years in rain, Than to crouch with dead hearts and with lips grown mute? ' Are lives but the links in a golden chain To be some day burnished and gathered up?' But there came a wail like a soul in pain— ' You back that hone for the Melbourne Cup. ' ^ ' Yet the seal of death is the key of life. So your heart is riven, your hopes are dead, Your loftiest thoughts are with errors rife, Your dreams are mournful with tears unehed. ' But 'tis well that you question and rave and fret With your feet on sand and your eyes on a star. Life's riddle! Ah, Jack, when the buc has set Go seek the solution in Shannon's bar.' 1 Awoke like a ehot, and I spurred and rode Till I hitched my bridles on Shaunon'e post, And there in the room where the firelight flowed--. Was it six feet two of a healthy ghost? With such depth of chest and such length of limb. I very much doubt if such pliost? there are. There was no mistake. It was Mulga .lim Making love to Tottie behind the bar. ' What, Jim, ain't you dead. Oh, I am so glad That you oin't a grini fireman away in hell.' (Thry stared — most likely they thought me mad.) 'Well, .Tim, tell us all how vou worked the . sell.' The Orphan * There was uo such horse ou the list. Thou 1 got riled, and we had a tight. My jaw felt the weight of old Mulga 'b fist, The ribs be fractured are hardly right. Was my dream but a tangle of knotted strings, Or has it a meaning obscure to unfold ? For I've thought that this maze of irrelevant things' \- Meant more perhaps than could well be told, Brisbane. v J.CUAN A, 8tdak\ , 