An Old Sydney Landmark. ST. JAMES'S CHURCH. ONE OP THE MOST ANCIENT OF AUSTRALIAN CHURCHES. (See illustration on this page.) St. James's Church, King-street, Sydney, is now the oldest in the whole of Australia, and owing to the plainness of the design has but little to re- commend it but its historic memories and early associations. The architecture is to be wondared at when the difficulties of the times are consi- dered. St. Phillip's and St. John's (Parramatta] were the forerunners of St. James's; but a still earlier church was erected by Mr. Johnstone, the then chaplain, meant to seat 500 persons, costing £60 in Spanish dollars, and £7 with provisions as payment, thus: 20 ½ gal spirits, 116lb of flour, 18 ¾lb of pork, 33 ½ lb of pork, 3lb of tobacco, and 5oz of tea divided among those who cut rafters, posts, grass, and plasterers, carpenters, sawyers, thatchers, and boat's crew. This little church was put up in 1793 at the corner where Hunter and Castlereagh streets cross, the wattle trees and thatch growing on the spot. The first mention of St. James's Church is to be found in the SYDNEY GAZETTE for October 9, 1819. The pages are yellow and crisp with age, and dated October 7. We find that "the Governor Macquarie returned to town after inspecting the general muster of convicts at the Hawkesbury, and proceeded to inspect the prisoners from the newly-arrived John Barry." He wdlcomed the Commissioner, J. T. Hobbes and his secretary, afterwards Archdeacon Scott and with his staff went on to Hyde Park to lay the foundation-stone of the new courthouse." This afterwards was considered a mistake, so the Governor dedicated it for a Church of England, and it was christened after St. James. "A spire was added, to make it more ecclesiastical," says a chronicler with sim- plicity, innocent of any irony. Another says "the spire takes away from the heaviness of the style, and forms a conspicuous object." Yet another account of the spire, which appears to be the only portion considered worthy of men- tion. " This lofty and elegant spire which acts as an ornament and parochial belfry, might be rendered still more useful were a clook inserted." Interior of St. James's Church, Sydney ONE OF THE OLDEST ECCLESIASTICAL EDIFICES IN AUSTRALIA. (See letterpress on this page.) This was written in the early years of the cen- tury, and now extensive alterations are in hand the hint of the departed mind might bear fruit. Honestly, the spire is to be admired, but the showers of broad arrows on every inch are but reminders of a barbarous past. The coloring of St. James's steeple is indeed beautiful and makes up for the plain design, the copper has been lovingly touched by the artist Time, and the re- sult is a shade of frosted green which gleams with opalescent light when the sun is on it, and by contrast with the ruddy bricks is one of the best bits of color in the city. Although the woodwork is rotten, the copper is perfectly good, and it seems a pity that it should not have been used again. The new spire is to be of copper plates, ingeniously designed in a pattern of vandykes and circles, and this new ornament will never make up for the loss of suoh. a mass of color, changeful and soft, and blending, as the poor old relic now being disjointed. The dull red bricks and wornout windows, the blue and white panes looking painfully diseased and gaudy, have been an eyesore for many years, and now there are to be stained glass with small leaded panes, every half window being restored full length. The warm-toned bricks will harmonise well, and gain a beauty by contrast that they never dreamt of before. Now the really fine, portions of St. James's Church are the portico and porches, but some folks who pro- bably caught cold in the draught had the main portico bricked up, and the beautiful columns became mere stone facings imbedded in the wall, the effect was disastrous to anything like stately effect, and only the little porches show the old idea. The columns are to be liberated, and once more the lights and shadows will give a dignified and varied aspect to this fine old portico. The handmade bricks are as good to-day as when made, but the immense thickness of the walls was not necessary if better work had been put into the laying of them. The pillars supporting the galleries are honest tree trunks, polished to sham marble. The freestone columns and pilasters go far to show that some freestone weathers the storms of nearly 70 years very creditably. The carving still stands out clear and true, and in the restoration care will be taken to show it off to the best advantage. The old unsightly roof is being done away with, and the new roof will have ventilators which shall take away from St. James the stigma of being "stuffy." The pigeons that erstwhile looked on the steeple and roof as their own have been bitterly disillusioned, and will continue to he so. If the roof was not so ugly people would have noticed the carved freize giving lightness and grace to the massive outline, and a certain classic severity that ill accords with the "muffled up" appearance of the two main porticoes, one of which contains the organ. Look at St. James from the little garden where the trees lovingly hide the ugly basement, and you will see something to inspire reverence. The pulpit, the same which is now in use, stood once in the middle of the church, but an old chronicler says quaintly: "This is objectionable, as a considerable portion of the auditory can only be accommodated with seats in the rear of the pulpit, which not only destroys the sound, but is considered an annoyance by those who take plea- sure in contemplating the attitude of delivery during the deliverance of the solemn message." And many people caught colds, coughs, earache, toothache, and other aches, so that the pulpit eventually was moved. About 30 years ago the prisoners' gallery was cleared away. "A good thing, too," say same; "I do miss the poor dear convicts," says another, who had not been in the church since that time till the present. It must have been a curious sermon that could "move and improve the most depraved con- vict, and yet elevate the mind of the elite of Sydney." After this the organ was removed from the west to the southern gallery, the erection of which spoilt the grand curves of the east and west galleries. The organ was, eventually, moved to the present place, i.e., the space formerly occu- pied by the prisoners' gallery. " It is believed the northern gallery will come down, and the windows now abruptly cut-in half will be restored, the King-street ends of the eastern and western gal- leries will also be restored then, and the darkly gleaming cedar curves, so massively outlined, are a beauty that the interior of St. James's cannot afford to lose. The space under the church was partly utilised as the sexton's rooms and partly as a school for "male and female infants" as early as 1824, the Rev. R. Hill being the founder of the first infant school in Australia. These cell-like rooms were never meant for prisoners; and instead of asso- ciating them with the clang of convict irons, pleasant scenes of bright little children and ring- ing shouts of glee are recalled. Canon All- wood had one of these semi-underground rooms fitted up as a library and bedroom, and the re- mains show what a pleasant and secluded snuggery it must have been. These cloisters have an antiquated appearance that is very re- freshing to anyone loving time-honored memorials. In 1838 a chronicler says: "It is not saying too much when we assert that the average attendance at divine service is more numerous and quite as respectable as that of any parish church near London." The attendance was then 1200 in the morning, 500 in the afternoon, and 400 in the evening, also 40 at monthly communion. Con- sidering that in 1800 only five or six attended church at all, and the Governor was obliged to go regularly and request others to imitate his ex- ample, this was a great advance in apparent devo- tion. In 1854 there were from 800 to 900, even more, who went to St. James's, and sittings had to be engaged months beforehand. The 'communion' plate used in the church was presented to it by King William IV., and bears the following inscription : Presented 'for the office of the Holy Communion by his Majesty King William the Fourth, to the Church of Saint James, at Sydney, in his Colony of New South Wales A.D. 1835. Before 1836 Sydney was in the See of Calcutta, but it was very awkward to have the titular head so far away and 1836 saw the installation of Bishop Broughton as the first prelate of an epis- copal see in Australia. Ever since the church was opened by Rev. S. Marsden preaching the opening sermon in 1822, the Governor's pew, with the Royal Arms on the panel of the door and set apart specially, has been the same, and for 50 years the Bishops have sat in the same seat, nearly opposite, until St. Andrew's was opened. Bishop Broughton was the first to officiate at the communion rail, which was hur- riedly finished for the occasion. It would be a Goth-like act to take away this curious circular rail where so many thousands of couples have knelt while the solemn service has made them husband and wife, where so many sacred memories of long, long ago are for ever connected. No modern altar could by, any chance surpass this relic, either in dignified simplicity or obvious utility. Among the memorial tablets are many well-known names, or rather those who should be remembered. The Rev. R. Hill's memorial is a loving and respectful tribute to a worthy man. A naturalist, who perished in the Leichhardt expedition, is represented lying under a palm tree, with his swag and the tent behind; and although the work is grotesque, there is a pathetic appeal in it to our hearts to remember one who died in the cause of future enlightenment. There are soldiers and sailors who died at their posts, and were honorably remembered. There are sudden deaths recorded too that send a pang of quick sympathy for those who lost their son, husband, or father, so very long ago that ofttimes the words "respected and loved" are but a mockery. Some tablets are to the memory of wives and daughters who died in the springtime of their lives, others who lived till death was their welcome friend. These are of interest to all Sydney people, for there are names which are honorably connected with our early history and who have done good deeds without hope of reward, therefore a few kindly thoughts for them when resting or reading in St. James's. The scene from the heavily arched door enter- ing the basement is a curious one. The sudden step from daylight into gloom sends a shiver over one, and as the eye grows accustomed to the gloom the picturesqueness of it all is seen. The dim corrodor with vaulted ceiling and cells on each side, and the light streaming in the opposite end, and the quaint stone stairs overhead, worn and scarred with, the tramp of many feet, with the clouds of cobwebs and flakes of grey dust softly hiding the jagged edges and turning the white light misty and grey, make this place a delight for poet, artist, or dreamer. The stairs lead to the gallery where the convicts used to sit but which is now done away with. Each step is let into the brick wall, and has 15 inches of brick under it as well, and an iron rail. This looks very lopsided and unsafe, but is said to be as safe as any other method. The steps are well worn and very low. Probably the chains on the prisoners' feet were so heavy that the low stop was to enable them to step up at all. There is a fascination about the steps, and the place seems peopled by the ghosts of the past. The verger's quarters are the most quaintly pic- turesque rooms, looking very like the interior of an old- fashioned ship, with seats let into the walls, and narrow windows with broad sloping sills. There are stories told, that would frighten a ghost itself, about prisoners being hanged and buried there, &c.;, but there is no truth in them, and if the ghosts came they would be warmly welcomed by a family who appreciate the respec- tabilty of a haunted house. These rooms are to be altered and made healthier. The windows will open to the ground and the moisture will be diverted, so that although many old odd corners will be destroyed the welfare of tho inhabitants will be assured. A rather amusing story is told of the belfry. About 20 years ago the sexton was tolling the bell, when the rope broke, and he went into town to buy a new one. When he returned he fixed it up and began again. The bell split from top to bottom, and yet he kept on tolling. The presiding judge of the adjoining court sent in asking him to desist, as they were disturbed by the cracked ringing. He refused, a summons was issued, and the sexton was im- prisoned till the rising of the court. Not for ringing the bell was he imprisoned, but for "con- tempt of court." About 1846 the church was enlarged, and it was somewhere near this time that Mr. Johnstone introduced the first choir in Australia, which was an unqualified success. Also early in the forties St. James's became the "favorite resort for the more aristocratical votaries of Hymen," as the following story shows: The daughter of Sir Hercules and Lady Robinson was married here, and created a great sensation, the street at the corner being thronged to the almost total exclusion of vehicles. Canon All- wood officiated. It was reported that it had been suggested that the wedding should take place at the cathedral but the answer was: "We think it our duty to have it performed at our parish church, at which we have always attended." This act is remembered with pride by those who love the old parish church. The architects are Messrs. Varney Parkes and Alderson, the contractors Messrs. Pringle and Smith, and their capable foreman Mr. Keay. Under this able manage- ment, everything is gradually and truly being re- stored as much in keeping with the general design as is possible. Mr. Williams, the senior trustee, who remembers the time -50 years ago - when he, as a little boy, thought it a great honor to be allowed to ring the bell sometimes; and he who has attended this church for 40 years loves the old church well enough to act for its good as far as in his and the other trustees' power lies. About £10,000 is to be spent on the church. The money from the old parsonage land having been idle for so long has not diminished. 