PAIM)ONA«LK IMIKVARICA TIONS. Ilelntr Tiling's I Saw and Heard Among tlio Onlookers. (By ' Geokoe Wasiiinoton.') In this Way wnrd world oun may soo and hear a lot of queer things if he only Itoops his wits about him. llo will soo many' very funny things jit a big cricket match, if he bottles np. his ontliusmsm, instead of allowing his mental faculties to fly off on tho aerial wings of fancy to unmeasured hoights of bliss. Personally, I fool very shy and niodnst, which in borno out ? l»y a phronoloKist who has told mo that it I wish to attract attention to my many t:ilonts I will nond to oultivntu a deal of artilioial push. Bub if nature linn mado mo rotiring aud modost, It has also, strango to Hay, bountifully doworud me with a utook of cool iudiffcrouce, which; may be baiiishod or asserted at will. Very often in the midst of unparalloled oxiiitomout, I' havo suddenly bid depart all highly-strung footings ongeudored by tlinconloston the groou award. Then Ihavo guxod upon thu subno with tho cold dulluoss of st'ono, and scoffed at thu poor doludod oruaturoB who bavo come out on a s\volt,or ing hot day to ooe moil play criokot. Still I must confosB to a littlo weaknoss in rogurd to criokot, for to toll tha truth I'm fond of tlio gamo. Some lady friouds havo boon gracious enough to inform mo that 1 am orickut mad — that I bavo oriolcot on tho brain.; But I only smile at such an noonsa tion with lofty scorn,' for thoy noithor undor stand tlio gamo nor my liking for it, aud aro Ihernfore utterly incompetent to judge. Most girls profess to scorn cricket j still thoy go to »ao it. I'd rather sit among tlio gods at the thoatro on 'tlio hottest of roasting nights with heavy clothing oil than sit a wholu itftornoon with tho avurago girl watching a crickot match. Slio asks such silly questions. Just as your heart is palpitating and your norvos uro on tho niovo, occasioned by nil 'oxciting in cident in the pKy, you'll fool a tug ati your, coat, and thu angel at your si- la says : ' What a pretty dross on that girl promo nading with Pnrcy Straightback Ilempty pursol' ... Psliawl Girls ought nob to go to sea : big crickot matches. It is a blessing thoy aro not allowocl. Jnto tho nioinbors' pavilion. But I am digressing, so return I must to tho point. Woll, I was cajolod into going ovor to seo tho match last Tuesday wook. Things wero pratl.y dull in tho morning, so tho boss lot mo uff for tbo duy. I am a Civil sorvant. Teroum Sap: I thought thoro would ho a bit of fun, as tho wickot was supposed to be bad, but up to dinnor-timo it was duller at tha innteh than it would havo been at tho dosk. Tha pcoplo in the bob section advised the umpires to start play shortly niter noon, but tho lattor ovido'ntly waro not in' tho humor. I was nd miring the thriftincss of a liumbor of gentle men .wfto had climbed, b troo heyoild the enolosuro 'and thus secured a view gratis, when a vorce pierced tho fence : ' I say, mister, move asido aud give a bloko achance to, see.' ; . . ., ,: , Tho owner of Iho voice wiw on tho other side, peering through a chink iu tlio fonco, so I accommodated his lordship by moving ou. At length tho pavilion' guutlemou begun to clap, and thb oluttor of clapping hands rose liku a miniature wavo ou the air and died away again. It was forced andJhalf-hoartnd. I had , now wandered by tho lawn tennis ground,' and u youth who had pnidhis shilling liken imiu asked theiiaino of a'criokotar in tho pavilion. ? ??' ;''?'.. :' ' 'That blokb wot'a olappin' 'iz 'ands j ?wot'o 'iz haino ?'? '?.'?'. ?'/.;...'.-, ! I looked in tho dirootion indicated,, and' Baw Graham clapping for the umpires to oomo out. jThou quotl; i my intorrogatbr : ']' '? ? ' 'B's what I call a. fair orickctor. ' 'E'8 riot afraid to start, although tho pitch is bad. But Irockon Turnor'll give 'oui wot .for.' , Things woro growing dolorously dull, so I' sauntered back to tho pavilion, aud, striking up a chut, afflicted not to caro a 'straw which sida won the match. At longth tha' gamo bogan, nud aftor a whiio tba doathly dnllnonB again roignod o'or tho scono. Tho batsmen Boomed as muoh at homo ns if thoy woro ou tho' glassy pitch of tho Molbouruo Criokot Ground. Applause camo from no section of tho ground savo one small corner in tho pavilion. Ou enquiry I was Informed that that was tho ohnrniod circlo whoroin tho Vic torians and their friends had gathered to waloli tho struggle. I cannot stand looking on at a orioket mutch unless thoro is soino thiug good to be kcou. So quito suddoiily I bocinno indiiTorent, and had a quiz round to ?ea how tho boyB were taking tho drubbing looming up for tliom. It was simply imtnonno to note the wry faces and long countonuncos ; to boo tho looksofdisgnstupon ull around. Thou abrilliant idoa occurred to me.. I would assume tha feelings of and inaku mysolf boliovo for tho time boing I was a Victorian.' Having thtiB transmuted my*olf into a dark bluo, I wandered up to tho Viotorian quartors, took n eeat, and bogan to cheer nt anythiuie and ovorything. Soon afterwards tliu playors Kdjouruod for luncheon, and as tha batsmen oamo ill I rourod out, , 'Woli playod, Harry i woll dono, old man.' As Graham walked in I patted him on tlio sliouldor, anil wiul/ed knowingly nt M'l.nod. A couplo of old gentlemen waro now looking at mo, and I hoard ono remark, ' I think ho's tho Viotorian manager.' At this I assumed an air of importance, strutted nut, with choxl inflated, shoulders tin-own back, ami nose iu tlio air, to note tho careworn looks on tho faoos of tho Cornstalks. Ah I It wan grand, glorioui, sublime, to boo tho poor devils cast down and dispirited at tho impending dafoat. How wo of tlio dark bluo banner chuckled with delight at the dift comftturo of tho Syduoyitcs. But soon the pleasure of my mental trninution was rudely broken in upon by sharp physical pain. I found that I could not diuu with the boys on tho nod. and cast an envious glance at several Press men gathered upon tlio portal waiting for the dispenser of the precious ticket tooomo along. Then I made up my mind to decamp to the lu'ghoi- rogioiiH, with no unuurtuiu intontioir. As I walkud along in front uf tho bar I noticed a gentleman with a genial faco, decked out iu a shiny bulltopper and a bright bluo tiu, coming in tho opposite direction. As hu approached with something in his hands I wan moht badly bumpud by a Labor member ou ono sido , uud turning round (o grunt him un requested pardon, had my pet corn trod ou by another momber on tho otlier side. I smothered something nasty, swore beneath my breath, and nlis proceeding onward whon balm was brought to my tioruly wouudud noul. Tho gonittl gontlenmn just montionod was hailod by one of tho said members as Jack Porlus. Having heard of this gentleman, but not having tho ploasuro of his acquaintance, I turned to look ut him* Then, kiud man, he unwittingly lifted mo up to tho portals of bliss and sent tho. two mombors down to tho unfathomablo abyss of Hados. Thoy had askod for tickets for lun'ohoon on tho nod ; nt loast I presumed this, judging by tha reply which foil upon my willing auricular organs. -.;-?? . ... . ? -.' ? '. .? ? ?'-. ' Cannot do it, Mr. - — — . Sorry. Fact is soats havo boon laid for 100 only, and they're all gono.' ,, '., ' '??' ... '.'.;??- , ? Tho two turned geranium colored, and looked as sliaino-fuocd as if they hud done something criminal. I could' havo hugged tho patriotic Welshman who flauntod his colors for thus enubbing my ussailantB. But he might havo objoutc'd,so 1 Hew up the stairs as if ou wings, and out upon tho airy balcony. Bummuging in my pooltob I hauled out a sandwich, aud, contemplating the bountiful scono boyond, a feeliug of pity pervaded my heart for the players aud their frionds, who wero swallow ing cold poultry, scorching hot potatoes, and nnwholqspmo pastry, washing it all down with chanipaguo. I pitied thorn : they couldn't seo tho beautiful visiou, as far as tho oyo could reucb, before mo. True, I did not havo their choice edibles ; but such things aro too lloshy, too earthly, compared with the glorious view from tho top of Iho pavilion. Anyono who does not believe this has no soul, no poetry iu his nattird. Fouling fit for uny kind of fray, I camo down from the regions aloft and mingled with tho mombors, aflor thu sandwich uud unturo's sublimo handiwork had rcinvigoratod mo physically and mentally. Soon tho gamo.was in progress, and I found myself among tho other dark blues.' Suddenly Graham got out, and I started to cheer; but soon recollected that I was a Victorian. A little Inter M'Leod was bowled, aud I simply sprang up with dolight and shouted out : '' Well dona, Turnor. Bravo I' Turner didn't hear ma, but somo of Iho Victorians did, nnd I was politoly roquosted to shift, I shifted, and sought a moro con genial Bpot — not fur from the Viotoriun quarters. As each limn lost his wicket I roared loudly— at loast, I fancied so: but my voicn was drowned in -the great oannon-liko roar of tho multitude At lust tho end camo, nnd.'up wont all sorts of things; Georgo Roid took off his oyegluss and his top hut, ami dapped his chubby hands. Mr. Borill bad to lift his pondrous frame up, fearing that excited individuals might mako u floor of him in thpir hurry to choor tho WolBlimon in. Tho noiso gradually subsided, and wbilo Iho men; wore cli'anging clothos the big guns gatuorrid/round and started to tell how they know Now; South Wales could not Idso. Having exhausted thut'thomo, thoy begun to tell us about thorn Belvos uud thoir cricketing days. '?. , . There was Mr. G. II. Roid, M.P., talking of his cricketing days. He remcinborod tho old Alberts, and played for them. Ho was a most romartablo player, with a pronouuood jion dnanJ for making duck-eggs, nudgottiug tho otlier sido out by fair or foul meuns. Tho only run bo over got was a log-bye. Ho wnB a groat man in tho fiold. and could Bhufilo from oho position' to auotbor exactly opposite without oxortion. Ho thought he'd mako a good captain, but othor and moro oxporionced monwore avorso to having him as a loader. Of liito years ho had to (jivo up tho gnmo owiiig to n' protruborant propensity oviuced by that part of his auatomy where tho girth ie greatest. Although a keen critic, ho bad nevor figured among the doers of great deeds, duo probably to the fact that ho wonld not have auythiui; to do with thu big Parks, as oil smaller ones his best dulivorios woro lost. Old Bovill was just beginning to tell liis experiences as a wickot-kcuper, J. C. Niold, J. M. Toohoy and Dan O'Connor .woro aluo itching to unfold their doings ; but n cnll wus made, und the yarns left to tho futuro, ns wo trudged off to drink tho healths of tho teamn. As wo wero all crushing along, an old gchtlo miu I. had of ton seen at church on Sunday whispered in iny ear : ' See that big mnn, with tlio fino, chisollcd faco, liko a Grocian status f' ' Yos,' replied I, looking wondoringly. ' That's Toby Barton. Hu'b a graMl man. Ho is an Australian, too. Hu used to keep wiokoti for tbo University team,' replied tho votoran. I looked innocently incredulous, und then wondered whether in the days of Toby Barton as n wicket- keeper many byus woru recorded. His great bulk ought to havu assisted to keop byes down. Ho hud the reputation of being a straight runner, and a very lord man to di« lodfeo. At this juncture 'Our Artist' came along, and ho -bowed mo an excellent sketch of political orickut spectators. There was 0\. II. Ueid in tho van, with his eyeglass, looking intent; Dan O'Connor, with his flow ing bourn1, iu tho ntit of ulappiug; Kdmund Burton looking gravely on, witli J. M. Toohey oxoitudly crawling over their heads, anil rost ing his loft hand on Borill, of tho Licensed Victuallers' Association. J. C. Noild eat calmly nnd contontodly Easing through his glasses, with a neat straw hat 18 a bead pioco. During the speechifying a friond of my younger days, a solicitor with a logal-loakiug eyo, introduced mo to Macphorson. ' Birds ' of a feather Hock together,' whiupored I to my»elf as tho old-timer remarked that Mac. was u budding limb of the law. I tried to talk with those two, but found that was iiu possible. It fiurmi* that they hadn't mat Bince thoy partud ut thu portuls of tho Gram mar School in Collogo- stfcet, and now they wero going over tlio old days, und I fell a listening to their confab. Just then a heated urgument wus started near by, and iu quitu un aggrieved tnno— ' I don't euro what you say, Mnophorson's as, (rood a Held as Gregory,' laid a oouutry gentleman to a friend. 'Lot you know about it,' roplicd his com ' Woll, I believe ray own oyon.' ' rour eyes: Woll I'm blossotl; Why. old Gracu'Says Syd Grocery's tho host flold in thu world, aud ho ought to know.' 'Grttco I' Pshaw. What doos h« know. Ho hasn't seen llaophersou.' 'No; but lio has soon Syd Grogory. Now, look hero, old. man, I'll just toll you this, ? Macphorson has a lot to loarli. In -tho first placo, ho doesn't know how, to throw thu ball to tho bowlor yot. You seo, 1'ro played crickot, and I'ro bowled, too, uud it's doviiish annoying to you when a fallow throws a ball in bard every timo ho fields, it, whon there. is not tho ghost of a chanco of a run. Another thing, hu thrown it in too hard to the wicket-keeper when there is no ticbd,' . ? . ' Well, yes, I think he doo3.' ? ' Ah, nh ! Voii see Syd Gregory, has learnt all that, so that at present Macphorson baa a little to loarn.' ???'?? ? \\. .-':.? I looked found at Macphorson's fice, but ho and his legal friend woro still billing and cooing nbont tho fun they had with old — — , tho master of tho fourth form. Neither had heard the argument; ? ? ? * 