THE SOCIALISM OF CHRIS. TIANITY. 1I.-0HRIST AND THE CHURCH. [By the Rev. Jas. Jefferis, LL.D.] The word "ohurch" is used by ma in its broadest meaning.. I ask. you to understand by it the organised assembly. o£ men. and women drawn together by the atbraotive power of religion. ■ And my oontention isthat whatever socialism has aohieved in its divinest moments touching a brotherhood of men founded on religion is muohmore amply pro vided for by Christianity. / In no aspeot of it ;is modern sooialism weaker than when dealing with the powerful sentiment or passionjof religion,iwhioh has been so important. a factor-in .the world's .progress. It lives in and for the passing life, quickened ; by no instihots, oaring for no duties that link the soul of man to the Invisible. The sooialiBtio religion issaid to be "not a narrow personal concern between the individual and hiB Maker, but a Booial concern between'humanity and its destiny." But in other days under other leaders very different'conceptions were framed aid uttered. St.JSimon, who may be regarded ,as the founder of socialism,' appealed to religi ous enthusiasm. He declared his conviction that-social progress-was impossible without Christianity, pure and primitive,. working hand in hand with Boierice. "Sire," he wrote :to the King' of Franoe, "thefundamental prin 'oiples-.of Christianity.require men to regard eaoh other as brothers. Religion ought to .direct sooiety towards the great eud of ameliorating, as rapidly, as possible, the con dition of the working . people." Cabet. a wise and good socialist; who practised what he preached, declared that " community of goods was proclaimed by Jesus Christ;, by all the apostles and early disciples, by the primitive Church, by the Reformation, and-by all the philosophers who, haVe -been the' light and glory of men;" j .Robert Owen-founded a socialistic .ohuroh' in.London, and Bent forth apostles to preach with the. words of St.'Paul for their text—"TJnleBS ye work ye shall nob eat." Proudhori declared _ that as . social morality progressed ;the Divine law would be recognised and obeyed—"Thou shalb love thy neighbor as^bhy8elf.";';:Dnk';whenlwe come to the more receht' teahti^af '-lb is 'different.; Lassale hated' • nob.;' rialy ^Christianity but religion. He looked-on-it as "the opium of nations." But I know-nob where'in the'Whole realm of Iiterature'it would .be ._pbssible ;to find suoh hatred to Christianity as is to be found in some of the weekly free thought ^papers pub-,; lished in most of the great English' oities.-l These soaridalpus productions, . avowedly socialistio, have;e'a'tnedathe.diBgust and con tempt of allytrue. sooial. reformers, Their creed is not^boialism proper, it ihv not com munism iii its broad and philanthropic aspect, ! it is religions ntfe&sm; in its mosb'-rrpvolting shape.: They join blaspheriiy to malignancy, and obscenity to both. ; : : „ -Leaving , out1 of .sight this "Corruptio pessimi," I .will endeavor to' give you , the views helctijby advanced - socialists as !! have been able';,to gather, them- from;trus6worthy literature;/ 'They ekcludo the possibility of a revelation.: They especially reject the notion of a broken' bond between God .and'man, which religion is" to restore.*.' There* is' no sin as .wC-understahd sin.'- Knowledge is not only to -enlighten, but save. . Human nature; is perfectly; capable' of;.working" 'oub its own redemption.' Religion is a matter .of ^©^.ing, not of reason...' The more. Enthusiastic atribng them are hoping .for agreement'-by.and bye on some theory oflife that Will explain the mystery of it and satisfy, their .highest intelli gence-.- Whether the idea of immortality will beinoludedin it they do hot know, but they, anticipate that when the socialistic system-has been in: full' operation we shall live joyously •and die happily.. The longing for immortality will disappear. . We shall drain a full- beaker and quench our . thirst without .any wish for water from the mythical fountain that springs upito'everlaabinglife.", The moBb noteworthy attempt within the last half-century, to .construct and define, a religion upon a socialistic basis is to be found in the-positive philosophy of Auguste Compte. In his "Sooial ,Science" he. reviews the: vari ous stages of religious growth, and deliberately gives'as the highest of all'possible religions the "worship of humanity." He regards the collective life . of human .beings as having an existence apart from that of individual men, an organism, in short, something like that I described in my last leobure as one of the conceptions of' sooialism. This collective life he declares is the SupremeBeing, the only one we can know,, .and therefore _ the only one we can worship. • To aid in propagating the new faith he organised his disoiples into a fellowship, constructed a Calendar of humanity, in whichlie inserted the hameE of the greatest men, appointing days on whioh their _memory Ib to1 be silently revered, and the Supreme Being, "colleotive' humanity,"- adored. As ybii may imagine, this ghastly phantom could bo't long hold the reverence and: the service of men.. When last'I heard of the religion of the poaitive philosophy its oultus'was followed by less than a dozen worshippers,'who "met in Borne-obscure corner of: London. Nob upon this" -basiB; - but ripen others' more- or -less rational; we have'heard of. attempts to' found churohes of' the socialistic v _faitbi ; in the larger ' cities -of -England and' - Australia: —unions .'of- men* - meeting " together to satisfy their' lawful oraying for - -religious worship. --Asl-1 wrohg in'-saying 'that -the whole* thing has'been a melancholy .failure ? Look at the efforts made id Sydri'eyi e.g., to unite! religiously the men Galling "themselves ■men .of .free thought. The'basis-of union is Certainly free enough. -It is- an association of -those who-think as they like upon the 'Subjept of; religion. " T heists," " Atheists, 'Agnostics,' MTaterialistB, Buddhists, are all admissible" to the bappv family. The chief boridbf union is -antagonism, to the Christian faith; i' :. The dootrines promulgated are wholly ■ seoular. But how-have they succeeded? Where are their' associative homes ?; * Where the evidehee of their brotherhood ? What the nature of their worship? What the result of their labors? Their fortunes rise and. fall with the coming and going of single men who have the gift of plausible, 'or eloquent, or vituperative speech.1' Their perpetual divisions and alienations are far greater and more 'serious than those which may be traced to ordinary human infirmities.' They have no real bond--of union. Self-love always repels when ib is not kepb in. cheek by Divine charity, arid these after a while have been repelled from one another, a3:though eaoh had been touohed with the negative pole of some spiritual magnet. And as' to their worship it has degenerated (I judge from their advertisements) into stage musio more or less olassioal, and stage singing almost wholly seoular; with the not "infrequent addition _ of the comio element. Con trast this with the ohuiohes of Christ. • There - is more attraobive, oohesive force, more of the sacred power whioh knits heart to heart and life to life, in many a single Christian fellowship, than there is in the whole of the seoular associations of Australia. The brotherhood of humanity upon the socialistic-basis has utterly failed. - Let uBnowturntoChristianityandseeforour selves, what have been if) aims, what its efforts; what spirit has been' displayed, what.'method's have been adopted ? Go back with me to the beginning. In" the lifetime of. the Divine lfounder of our religion, He gathereddisciples, called them brethren, formed them into afellow sbip.' He was notonly a.teacher of certain dis tinctive truths about religion, JECe was .the head of/a religious society.- -He instituted a 'com-' mu'nity or system of communities to whioh all his followers were to belong. It was not an association'of men to advocate" certain opinions,-, br.to engage in home profitable enterprise. It was a brotherhood of which all were brethren".' T5e union whibh' Platb'lOnged after in: his -re piiblio, -whiohr Lyburgnsv vainly -/sought to", realise in Sparta, which /Gautama, partially., succeeded in realising: in . India; , was com menced by Christ and has-been.perpetuated in .the Christian Churoh. The parting, ."words of the Master enjoined. the twelve" :to_' "make disciples of all the nations, eonseorating them: in the saored name of. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." His aim was to bind together all His followers, in all the age's," by the ties of sympathy, attachment,. love. " A new com mandment give ;I unto you, that ye love one another." In the brief records of the planting of Christianity which have come down' to U3 there is ample evidence that the apostles of Christ endeavored mo3t earnestly to carry ont the parting commands of their .Lord.' What true hearted Sboialist, anxious for the "brother hood of humanity," can read-without emotion the touching story of the founding of the first Christian community or church. -Under the mighty impulse, of 'love, cbmplete'self-Saorific ing, they flung to the windfljwery teaohing of political economy, and whiohTorbad or seemed to forbid the union of souls; " And the multitude of them which believed were of one' heart, of one: soul, and' not • one of : them said' that aught of the;- things whioh he possessed was his" own, bub they ' had all things common. Neither was ■ there among them any that laoked; For as • many as were possessors of lands'and houses, sold them and brohght the prioes of the things that were sold and laid them at the apostles' _feet." "Liberty, fraternity,.equality," here you have them,.;no"t as created by State enactments, I whioh indeed, rnever could have produced ! them, but as the voluntary./outcome of the true socialism of our nature under the_ sacred inspiration of the love of Christ.- Listen to Ernest Kenan, the Frenoh freethinker, author, of the "Life of Jesus." "Although Jesus would not have given utterance to any of those com munistic axioms; certain it is that a renunbia- j tion of the goods of this world and a_ giving of alms carried so far. ha even a despoiling of self, was entirely comformable to the Bpirit of His preaohing. I The; remembrance cf those two or three 1i first: yearB -rested upon the disciples ' like " that ; of '/a /. terrestrial paradise, which Christianity will hencefortti pursue in allitsdraams,.and: to, which it will endeavor to return-in/vairii^Vfiitirely Kenan was right-in this interpretiaiHbn-pf the spirit of Christianity. .i'lf > ufidbr; the, : sublime enthu siasm of -this new-found loye'(a thing new and strange),^the followers of Christ- g'ave up their several properties, "bad aUthingseommon,"and it was not- by the Master's law, it was not even by apoBtolio ordinance.-It was simply at the beheBt of the generous feeling which has again and again, been Repeated in therhiatory of the churoh. Though not a law for all, it is the duty of some, at the Master's bidding, to " sell all that they have and give to to the poor." Let.us honor the disciples for theip noble); com'mhnisin. ' .The state of the world itntheir day.presented Eotnejuatification. Then, as ho w, the inequalities; of. human con dition were very .'great. ThMeSwas.; splendid wealth. '' There Was "' .Bitter \ :ahd; degrading poverty. The'fibres of society-were stretohed, as our own are, to the cracking point. ' When the followers of Jesus were; drawn together into a community, it seemed" to them a duty that would admit of no compromise to render help to-those who were in need. Lo ve was the -TOhstraining power," and iphafity, which ih.-ite' outward manifestation, became, the oharao teristio-ofi the :Christian fihurohes. ;So marked was this, that as - soon as organisation was established and neoessaryoflScers appointedfor the administration, of the church's affairs,) the highest name.of.-all, after ,the apostle,')was given td the officer: who attended to the ) church's charities.: The episcopbs, 6r bishop, as the president- of -the -geheral. assembly, received the offerings: of his fellow, members and 'distributed.them td the poor. -!' ) ' , This higher socialisrii,, this practical human brotherhood, has- haver been --wanting in-the churches.. While-;'&bahdonibg-.;(save in those monastic and cel.iba£e institutions whioh came in from the false'philosophy of the East)— while abandoning the' - communism ' which destroys the .higher-elements of, every society in whioh it is retained, the Church of Christ has been marked'throughout itB history by the outgoings of a' true and self-denying charity. Under every form of self-government that has been- adopted, in connection with , all strange aberrations of intellect in doctrine, the' love that finds expression in almsgiving and in 'self-devoted work for the needy, has been continuously displayed. ' Muoh of this, no doubt, has been weak, muoh of it has been wasteful, some of) it has tended to destroy the self-help, whioh-is •; the dignity of men, but every where,through'but all the churches, in all the ageB,';ChrisdaD'pbarity.--has'abounded. I know a ChristiaM of jthis-qolony.; who last year gave £25,fi00'>j[n'iwpfl3-,wH^£eneficence. In the first.:centinrieSit^o)&idial; brotherly Jove of the Chfistiap8,8tfubk!%the;)":heiithen with as tonishment'',"Beho^ tfiey said, "how these Christians weekly service .in some ch'vh'ches!- arid *every: moiitliiy meetibg;;ih;ri,thers;, i dqll'ebtibhs: weref made to whioh -bvefiy Imembei?". .contiibntsd ' accord ing-to his 'ability'fbr/ther. sick,'.'and poor, aria aged) 'for MdoWstind'orphans, and those yvho'were irii.pnspn for .the faith'.' Nor was this help vbofiffpiri^.$d)h6Ae':Wfto were within the Dale. of ithe '.dhfiroh. ,> Christian bbarjty was oftep a -.wide-spread philanthropy. In the year 254>.a :desolating epidemic raged through the oi'^li^^birt^'diictjeipeoially in the cities of North-\:&mea.s;)ipChe heathen at Carthage, terrified by f6ar: of/; infection, oast their Bick into the street^ "and left the dead unburied. Cyprian, the bishop, assembled his churoh and exhorted ;:thein--as: genuine Christians to love their; eiiemles-and persecutors, and over come evil\by 'go'od.;..) The .Christians responded by dividing.-the work- among, them.. Some gave moriey,' others gave .their personal labor, and in a-sborfr time the dead received burial, and'Cafishage was rescued from,'the danger of a general pestilence. ■ -,'y ' You will ;tell'me no -donbt that-looking to the history and present condition . of the Christian"' Churoh - thb '; higher aims > of socialism have '.riot' been"- realised,- thai the " brotherhood" is.' \vanting,' that . liberty, fratefnity", equality'' are wanting,; that the very name church brings-'with it the'idea of a vast hierarchy with a subordination of rank.; You willsay dihaf- you seethe head of oriechuroh arrayed in purple- and: exercising' authority pracbioally unconfcrolled; You will say. that in another y ou find power claimed and" con ceded more akin to .that pf a monarchy , than': of a republic or a democraoy. You will' say' further, that' in) the remaining sects,: white) there . is .' a'-, 'great difference' of. adminis-; tration, the olergy for the most part form a class diBtinob from' the laity, and that tbe'coih mon suffrage rights whioh belong to disoiples as members -'" of one family- .are seldom, eujoybd. : And' how can- I help sharing in the' wonder ? It is,indeed sad enough, as;' well as surprising, that , after 18 centuries we aie where we are to-day. Bub, as I-think of it, my Wonder is ,even: greater that with the divine idea of - the ohureh so imperfectly realised in our human organisations there is so muoh of the true social Spirit, so much of the loving work which ' can be wrought only by means of it. Look at the patient, self-denying service ' rendered by the' sisterhoods of the Papal, and Protestant ohurohes, the innumer-; able institutions reared by Christian charity and conducted' by Christian men. .See how: the Christianity, of - our era, divided, alas, into' secbions, !arid. too .'often moving at: some' word of supreme, command, is yet going out amoDg the . .toiling, . 'suffering masses to resoue and elevate.1 Show me your philanthropy -without Christianity, and I will show yon :a hundred-fold more philan thropy wrought by means of Christianity. And while holding myself very definite views about the gbvernmentof the Christian- Church, holding, e.g.i with Archbishop Whately that, the apostles established "a great number ■ of 'disbinob-and independent' communities,- each governed byrits own single bishop.' V .) owing no submission to : the rulers of any other ohureh, or' to any central■ common authority except the apostles - themselves," I do .nob forget that liberty may be found under, forms that seem' hostile to it and may be wanting under • forms that seem' favor able to it, . Certainly there: are some claims .that' ought- never to be con ceded,'since they are. absolutely opposed -' to) primary instinots and the Christian teaching. For the truth's sake and for very shame- we who are freemen; in politics ought to re-; fuse, submission to any power in. the ohureh demanding unquestioning obedience.; My oontention. now and always ; is that to. men of the British race, Saxon or ;CeItio, an autocraoy . in . the . churoh ought to be as in tolerable as an autocra'cy in the State. j ■ But under all their different Governments,' even to the most centralised, the ohurohes of Christ are able to furnish, arid do furnish,' true Christian brotherhoods. The Christian spirit.is at work in ajl. . The Christian fellow ship, is manifest in all. For myself I claim kinship with the disciples of; Christ," dead and living, of all the creeds. The external develop ment df the ohureh has varied with the races, the nations, the civilisation, the philosophy of the people among whom it has been estab lished. "But there is a unity in spite of all difference's.' The Church of Christ is one, becauseit has shown in all it's varying branches that it is animated by the true sooial spirit after whioh the secular sooiabsm has striven in vain. If the true brotherhood has as yet been' but imperfectly displayed" it is due to human " infirmities and not to the Divine original. - And the spirib: of Christ has gone out into all .the" world far beyond the boundB of our several ooinmunidns. ■This is the,faith-that saves, the faith that works by. - loyeprloyei purged of /selfishness; centred* in Christ,'broadened upon others. Who lives for' himself ?, . .0 life ignoble ! Who gathers for himself the wealth of-this world? O sorry pneeiori l.' Be advised : be entreated ; be changed; livo. for. others. Bear the burden of others'. - Enter your name on the muster' roU of that great army whose leader-is-Cbriat, whose"ensign.*is the Cross, whose battle is with the sin and sorrow of. the world. ; He'has sounded forth'the trumpet that shall never call retreat,... He is'sifting,out -the:;hearts-of. men before His judgment seat:r;. ' ■ -■ : 'j D -be-swift,!' my "soul,-, to answer. Him;- be jubilant my ieet...- > . . • 