PLAYS AND PLAYERS.]G Suggested probably by a similar perform- ; anoe in America, a representation cf As You •tike ft by a oast composed delusively of, ladies has been arranged in London, and was ! to take place at the Prince of Wales 1 Theatre on the 27th February last ICss Sophie Lariria was to take the part of Touchstone^ Miss Ada Ferrar Orlando, Miss Gladys Humfrey J acquee and Miss Franoeg Ivor Rosalind. There was also to be a full chorus and orchestra of ladies only. To the many admirers, voluntary and involuntary, of Daisy Bell, it may be of interest to learn that the author and composer, Mr H an y Dacre, speut some four years' 1884-88, in Melbourne. Prior to his going i to Australia he had written a song, The Ghost of .Tohn James Christopher benjamin Binns, and in his absence this achieved success. Playmates, The Simple Country Maid, Model England, In Public and in Private, and Good Old Has Been, are also Bongs written by Mr Dajjre. Daisy Bell, itappegra, was written in America during a visit there in 1892. Farewell, the latest composition of Mr Dacre, is stated to be coming a great favorite on the London Variety stage. The two pantomime parties playing during the recent Christmas Beason at Edinburgh, engaged in a friendly game of football, in which ladies also participated, one afternoon at the end or January. Miss Ada Bemister, who was appearing in the title role of the pantomime Dick Whittington, is mentioned as taking part in the game. Miij Amy Horton, the bright little soubrette and burlesque actress, has been playing the principal girl's part in The Forty Thieves, one of the four pantomimes produced at Oiasgow. Daring the early portion of last month two London productions reached their 100th performance. The first was the musical comedy, The Gaiety ;Girl, at the Prince of Wales's Theatre, and the second the burlesque ' of Don j) nan at the Gaiety Theatre. Charley's 'Annt, at the Globe Theatre, has now a record of a year and two months, and Morocco Bound (a piece that will, so we have been advised by cable, be seen in Australia during the year) was about the tnidfll« of February taken off after a run of ten months. Mr J. C. Williamson was expected in London on the 14th February. The object of his visit was announced as being the search for artists and attractions for his firm's Australian theatrical enterprises. Mr W. H. Vincent is acting as agent for Mr Williamson. The operas of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci were announced to be given in the Bame manner aB oratorios, with a choir of 300 voices, at the New Queen's Hall, London, during the month of February. Mr Ben Davies was to eing the principal tenor music. A leading London theatrical journal makes the announcement—by this time a somewhat familiar one—that Mr Sims Reeves is likely to go to Australia on a tour. One of the partners of the Brough and Bouoioault Company is reported to have stated that their New Zealand tour " more than realised their anticipations." With a successful season in Adelaide, followed by one iu Melbourne, preceding the visit to New Zealand, it would appear that this favorite ompany haa teen reaping the reward they have so steadily and consistently worked for, and which no one will deny they richly deserve. Mr A. Lawrence, who will be remembered as a clever character actor, has, after waiting in London for some eighteen months, with httle or nothing to do, obtained a goc d engagement in America. The Dampier Company are to play at Gonlbnrn during the Easter season. Miss Jeannie Lee concluded her farewell season in Sydney on Thursday night, when the final performance of Grasshopper was given. Neither Joe nor Grasshopper has met with the success that one would have wished for the spirited and vivacious little lady whose name is so inseparably connected with these pieces. The Pollard Juvenile Opera Co. commence a season of 18 nights at the Theatre Royal, Brisbane, on Monday night. In connection with the revival of Struck Oil this evening at the Theatre Royal, it may be mentioned that nearly twenty years hav elapBed since the first produotion of the piece in Melbourne. The actual date was Saturday, 1st August, 1874, and a run of exactly three months was achieved. In the cast besides Mr J. C. Williamson and Miss Maggie Moore, in the two principal parts, were Messrs Stuart O'Brien, li&rry; Sefton and W. Taylor, with Mrs Bryer. Struck Oil is to be taken on tour again in the United States in September next by the Piton Company, MÏBS Jane Stuart playing the part of Lizzie Stofel. A correspondent in the "Sydney Bulletin " makes the suggestion that in turn with cricket, military and other teams that have visited England, an operatic company might be advantageously tried, and among a list at names mentions the following :—Misses Nellie Stewart, Colbourne Baber, Ida Osborne, Florence 'ionng, Flora Graupner, Violet Varley, May Pollard, the Princess's Ballerinas, Miss Marie Saqui, with Misses Frances Saville and May Weir already in England. The male performers mentioned are :—Messrs C. Harding, R. Cunningham, Syd. Deane, Ho yard Vernon, T. Grundy, Will Lowers, sad D'Ensem. The idea, although novel, would, it is feared, hardly prove payable. The list given could also be added to with advantage. The minstrel and variety entertainment at . the Sydney Theatre Royal came to a somewhat turbulent termination on Tuesday evening. On Monday the orchestra were evidently not in tune with " the treasury," and on Tuesday the management being unable "to raise tbe wind" to pay, the flautist and others declined " to raise the wind" to play. On the announcement of no performance and a return of the admissions paid, a dispute occurred, owing, so it is Btated, to one person who was admitted on an order endeavoring to benefit by the promised refund. The altercation was quickly joined in by the crowd, who eventually had to be " moved on" by tbe police. Miss Edith BUnd, who accompanied Mr Bland Holt as leading lady in his recent seasons in New Zealand and Tasmania, is to appear with the Brough and Boucicault Company this evening at the Lyceum Theatre, playing the part of Lady Caetlegordon in The Amazons. At Wanganui, New Zealand, at the race time, two halls were occupied hy the Shine and Clark Variety Company, who divided into two portions, onediviaion of the company after appearing at one hall repeated the performance at the other, whilst the other division reversed the Bame proceeding. The London " Daily News," " World " and "Figaro" newspapers all speak in complimentary terms of Miss Pattie Browne in regard to her appearance as Mrs Lappet in Dick Shend&n.; One compares her to a picture by Meissonier, another speaks of being fascinated by " the eyes that belong to Miss Browne," and the third also pays a tribute to her fine eyes. Misses Pattie Browne and Rase Dealing were present at the first of the annual Covent Garden Ball ; the latter gained a prize for her costume, ar:d " up to date" stagedrees. Sir Augustus Harris, who has been invalided during the production of the Drury Lane pantomime, was sufficiently convalescent on Wednesday, 25th January, to visit the theatre, and witness, for the orst time, the performance. It is now definitely settled that Mr Edward Terry will shortly reappear at his own theatre in London in musical comedy, a style of performance resembling to some extent the present burlesque. At the Strand, and afterwards at the Gaiety Theatre for some six or B6ven years from 1869, Mr Terry with Miss Nellie Farren, Miss Kate Vaughan, and Mr E. W. Royce, formed what is known aa the famous Gaiety quartette. His re-appearance in a class of character for whioh his unique powers of facial expression, his clever singing and dancing, specially favor him, is being looked forward to with much pleasurable interest. The Rev. Stewart Head lam in the courae of a paper read by him before the Playgoers' Club, stated that he had sèen every ballet produced at the Alhambra for the last twenty years, and went on to «ay that " every one contained much that was beautiful, all had been bright, cheerful, exhilarating, some had had been of supreme exoeellenoe." Madame Sarah Bernhardt has recently been appearing in Paris in a drama entitled Izeyl, by M.M. Silvestre and Moreau, in a role that is Baid to fit her equally as well as her wonderful creation of Floria Tosca. Izeyl has been specially -written with a view of bringing into relief the effects that in Madame Bernhardt's hands exercise such a wonderful power of faaeination, and at the tust performance, at the «snd of January, at the Renaissance Theatre, Paris, both actress and authors achieved an immense t"" 1 !"^ 