€rmnh0. Fine. Mild. Clear. Nirvana. NQ eavee. Waterloo, Top score. Washaways. Butter boom. Warming up- Afghan crisis. Hit the mark. Dearer raisins. Silver, 2s. 5Jd. Well done, Ted. Taxation worriM. Both Houses again. Imperturbable Ash. Ban on partnership!. Oru'oa oS to London. Cheeky sparrowhawk. " Better times ahead." Foreign outlook gloomy. Defence League vigilant. Speight an object of pity. Waiting on the Assembly. Growing interest in polities. Afghan Amir dangerously ill. Late train to-night to Gawler. Reported coal find at Inkerman. Cold ligatures wanted for Foster. Feather in South Australia's oup. No esoape for the S. A. Company. Foreign oomplications thickening. Lord Rosebery has plenty on hand. China the siok man of the Far East. Mrs. Besant's views well eanvaised. " Old world courtesy" only too rare. Chinks and Afghans ready to revolt. Ba rometer at I o'clock to-day, 29 74. Sydney typos, bolstering up c delusion. Council backed down on the raisin dut3". Sluicing started at Biackfellow's Creek, Splendid butter coming in for shipment. Europeans advised to clear out of Cabul. Thoughtful deliverance from Rev. W. Bell. John Bull must keep his weather eye open. Another meeting of master bakers to-night. College oricket match on December 6 and 7. Dr. Jefferis knocked Theosophy inside out. Madame Belle Cole left by the Oruba to- day. Miserable attendanoe at the Belle-Cole concert. Quiet Mr. Duncan never talks but to a purpose. Hon, J. Warren our crack Parliamentary shot. Dr. Jefferis at Norwood Town Hall tonight. Grainger was at two "Bauble Shops" laat night. "Aunt Jaok" will be at tbe Theatre tonight. Wave of anti-foreign feeling passing over China. Foster and Handy exchanging compliments." England playing a lone hand as peacemaker. Government expected to do substantial justice. Portugal shy of the "Empire-maker," Cecil Rhodes. Sale of goods at Hindm&rih; to-day and tomorrow. John Motley does not farewell till next Toesday. Late Jobs Dunn's estate said to be worth £250,000. The Transvaal Bosrs helping Portugal ant of a hole. "Glad to see yon about again, Mr. Hawker." Assembly will hardly know the Vermin Bill again. Oar iron roads are a valuable asset even in dull times. Victoria hunting round for money for railway grease. Lots of interviews with passengers by the mail steamer. Madame Belle Cole's Australasian tour a decided suooees. " Eagle" Chambers a good eyrie for lawyers —eh, Kingston? Major-Greneral Hutton has firm friends in Reid and Parke?. Rsv. Joseph Berry on the Village Settlements on page 3. Seven hundred ounces from 96 tons. That's B&ylsy;'s Reward. Belgian soldiers to dine off Australian meat occasionally. Upwards of 50 tons of butter going by the Valetta next week. Australian butter fetching from 95s. to 100s. per owt. in the Hub. Handy, says the Country Party turned out Foster, thepreaoher. Mr. Si^den exhorts oongtegfttiras to sing for all they are worth. Hons. Duncan and Warren taking a tip from Labour members. England mutt be vt$y siok of her Chinese and Afghan friendships. Additional shed aooommodation urgently wanted for railway stoies. Profit of £2,802,609 from British post and telegraph services last year. Wisdom of strengthening British sea power is being abundantly justified. Twenty distressed families pleading to return from " New Australia." Two hundred and fifty comps. in Melbourne ready to work for £2 12s. a week. The Assembly refused to exempt Co-operative Societies from new taxation. The permanent railway stall now numbers 3,798, as compared with 3,993 in 1893. Sun rose at 5.17 a.m., sets at G.16 p.m : Moon set at 6.17 a.m.; rises at 9.10 p.m. " The best work of a Ohuroh oannot be soheduled or tabulated."—Rev. J. Berry. Broken Hill traffio represents more than a third of the total earning of the railways. Y.M.C.A. hungering after £2,000. Two promises of £200 eaoh if rest forthcoming. Mr. Caldwell quoted Soripture, and went to Solomon for proverbs. Mr. Solomon blushed. Hot-blooded Foster accused Giles of having lost his bead. Giles could well afford to smile. Working expenses of railways, whioh were G3'56 per cent, in 1893, have been redueod to 56'98. Rev. W. Bell said the preacher must deliver messages and make declarations. He's not a debator. A Cook's excursion from Sydney and Melbourne will arrive in Adelaide at 6 to-morrow morning. Tendency just now to expect a great deal too much to be done for the world through political measure?. China cannot safely be entrusted with the lives and propsrty cf foreigners, especially In times of excitement. South Australia, 610; Queensland, 589; New South Walee, 498. That's the legislators' shoot ng contest. Brother Osldwell says that, like David, he has learned.to bridle his tongue while the wicked are before hirti. Net railway earnings for laet year were £26,977 short of the total oharge for interest oa the cost df the lines. Rumour that some one has {ound somewhere on Kangaroo Island a gold - beating taut. Mt-y it be true I Wood accused Ash of impertinence, ungentlemauiinesF, aud characteristic oowardice. And Ash took no notice. Whilst the gross earnings of the railwavs in 1891 wtre.£l,223,9i)9 ) they were in 189}'only £9311,700. or £224 ;292 less. Dr. Jefferis would rather have the Christian heaven than the Theosophist'a Nirvana—a state of eternal unconscious sleep. China is not really a hation, but a vast aggregate of feudal Scatee, bound together by the flimsiest tiea of suz-.rain right*. Grainger—" In Adelaide a gentleman entertained Ministers whom he would not recognise in th« streets at home." Broolter— " A gentleman Tho statistics of the Psychical Research Sooisty seem to prove that the present population of the globe includes at least 10,000,000 ghost seers. Rev. E. H. Sugden thinks the Pirie-street Church should sound the " Trumpets ajid shawms'' whan presenting such a satisfactory balance-sheet. If it were true that centuries ago the Jews ou account of their wealth ruled the internal policies of some nations, with how muoh greater force can the statement be made now ? Singularly enough (mentions the Melbourne Herald) one of the most remarkable parallel oases to Mrs. Needle's is that of Mary Ann Cotton, who poisoned twenty persons in tha course of a few years. Needle and Cotton ate a remarkably appropriate pair. 