WEST AUSTRALIAN GOLD- FIELDS. A BUNDABERG MAN'S OPINION. Mr. Jcrram Geo has handed us th/ follow ing extracts from a privato lottor from his son, Mr Arthur Geo, who Is at prcsont visiting tho goldficlds of Western Australia : — It ih not powiiblo that tlifc miserable country will havo mo long. After existing n couple of weeks in xuriu, iu»! ciijjiuu euy ui nun iiuugry muu, t mado a iitart towards tbo fioldH. Too find day saw mo travel by raUlDniilen to tho Qroeu- mount Quarries. I camped there a wcok, but could got no work, so removed to tho noxt township, Northern, whioh i« about 80 miles on in tuo direction of tho fields ; could got nothing to do there so loft at 8 p.m. tho noxt night for this dwort which somebody hns named Southern Cross. Tho lino from Nortbam to hero hus boon built by a contractor at a fair prico, who Iihh tho right to run a goods and passungor train on it till bis contract timo is up in September. ITo is making monoy at tho rate of over £400 a day. It is a very level lino, having only two or turoo outlings on it, and thoy aro not fivo feot dcop. Tho ITOmilos rido on tbutlino, Oli ! Will I over forgot it ? There woro no first or second class carriages but thero wero open goods and sheep trucks in- stead. And what a rush and confusion there was at tho Northam Station tho .night wo left thero. Big iron dry-blowing machines, sieves, spades, shovels, pioks, coses of tuokor, bags of flour, dishes, swags and paasongerS were all chuokcd into tbo truoks ono on top of tbo other, and off wo started on our journey, Tbo train must havo sped on for ton miles or so before wo had oil got oureclvos separated from tho various kinds of luggago by getting it all down on tho bottom and ourselves perched on tho top of it. 'J ho wind blow bitterly cold all night, and getting a dozo or ovon a stretch ouf£was utterly impossible, as there were so many packed into eaoh truck. On arrival at this station at olovon tbo noxt morning wo hod to bo mado red-hot aod straightened out on an anvil before wo oould walk to tho township and pitch our tonts, ns there is no such thing as sleeping accommodation in this oity. I am camped within about ten yards of Dooming's old residence, bnt havo dropped across no ghosts yot. I do not think thero is any show of gotting work of any sort horo. It is a terribly dry, miserable placo, the only water obtainable is that from tho Government con densers at lid por gallon. I havo boon here nearly a fortnight and bad my first wash yesterday (Sunday) through whioh I havo caught cold, so do not think I will bo so rash as to wash myself for some timo to come. Every thing is vory dear horo, bread 7d, mutton 9d, beef lOd, potatoes and onions 4d par lb. An old blacksmith from Bcndigo, whom I picked np with, has got a contract to mako two Eatcnt cages for ono of the mines horo, so I am is oook, for whioh I recoivo freo tuokor. When he has finished wo will very likely go back to Perth togother as it would simply bo madness to go on to Coolgardie. Things aro in a horrible state np tboro. Water has givon out all along tho road from hero to there, a distance of 130 miles, so that only ono team every 48 hoars is allowed to start for the fields, and thoy oan only carry two tons of provisions as tboy havo to carry water, food, and fodder for themselves and horses for both to and from thero. Thero is only condensed water at tho Holds, whioh is Is. a gallon. Whon tho rain does como it will block tho road altogether for a timo, so I think thero is nothing to stop a famino and starvation nt Coolgardie. Thoro nearly 4,000 peoplo on tho field, scores of whom havo not a penny left. I think if the wor'd had been eoarebed right through a better Elaco than Westralia, as thoy term it, could not avo been found for a convict settlement. The poople, buildings, and everything else, oven ia Perth, aro a hundred years behind tho times. The apologies for human beings hero havo a terrible set on t'other aiders as they designato us all from tho Eastern Colonies, in fact they speak as if this was not a port of Australia at all, and neither it is of any consequence. It is not fit for a white man to llvo in. After & season hero I will bo hotter ablo to appreciate a littlo oity life, and a bath now and again." 