Ipoiibag fteabtttg. THE MAHDI By HALL CAINE, Author of 'The Scapegoat,' 'The Last Con fession,' ^ The Bondman,' &o.; ISTTRODJCrCTOST N-OT3. The presehtattitude of the Great Powers of Europe towards /Morocco, th3 SultaJB of Morocco, .and the Moors^s perhaps one of the most pitiful illustrAons of the story of the dog in the manger. While Spain, France, and (ifc must be confessed) England also, stand at guard over a country which all desire and none can suffer another to possess, the most wicked indifference is shown towards the efforts of the people to- be masters in their own land. More than one Moorish hero lies in the prisons of Marakeish. But if right is right Morocco is for the Moors and not for the Spanish, the French, or the Eng lish. To describe the efforts of an oppressed people to be free, and to show that men like Hamed, the betrayed chief of the recent rising, are not brutal savages outside our = sympathy, but en lightened leaders struggling to shake off a cruel yoke, this short tale, 'The Mahdi,' lias been written as a romance and perhaps also as a prophecy. Chap-iek L It was high fair in the Sok el Foki. the market- place of Fez. A moving mass of ?while haiks, grey jellabs, and Maghribi blankets. Here and there the shaven head of the Reefian ; here and there the plaited crown lock of thie Berber ; here and there the dark gabardine and black skull cap of the Jew. Stalls with pent house sbields, wooden 'booths open to the 6un. wares piled up on the ground. At the back the wall of the old city, and be yond the wall the mountains cleaving the sky. Water-carriers were tinkling their bells end selling water for copper coins. A black mule-driver was crying ' Arrah ! Arrah ! ' A man on an ass was crashing through the throng and crying ' Balak ! Balak ! ' A blind beggar was sitting in the shade of a balcony and crying ' Allah ! Allah ! ' It was evening. The sun was setting on the domes and minarets of the mosques. Suddenly there came a peal of. noisy laughter from a lane that went off from the market-place. The murmur of voices ceased. All stopped haggling and listened. An old woman was selling dates. ' That's nothing !' she said. ' How much did I say fpr the basket? Ten xnoozoonah ? By the Prophet, I cannot bate it.' ; There was . another- peal of noisy laughter, and the people began to move off in the direction of the noise. ' It's nothing, I say. Only idle clowns killing time. Six; yon say? I am the loser at that'price.: But come ? ' She offered her dates, but the buyer had disappeared. Most of the people had gone by tliis time. Only the storekeepers were left and they began to gather up their goods. 'Jio use trying to keep an honest roof ^,over your head these days,' said the old woman, packing her basket. ' Best live in a tent with those black-faced begging, thieving Berbers — that's what I say.' A young man came np at the moment, dressed rakisbly. His name was Othman ; he kept a shop at the other side of the market-place. 'So do I, little mother,' said he. ' Now look at this son of the desert, this man of the book, this brand new Mahdi ? ' ' Oh, it's he«tgain, is it?' said the old woman, with a motion of the head to wards where the people had gone out. 'No, but Jellalli making fun of him.' ' Then where's the preacher ?' said an other of the stall-keepers. ' The Mahdi ? ' said Ofchman. ( ' Not down from, the mountains yet. O, there'll be fine doings 'when be ' comes fcb-highbl Those black Berbers are thronging into the town by hundreds.' The old woman packed up quicker. 'Then I'll pack and begone,' she said. 'Plague take the black-faced, thieving Berbers out of their dirty tents.' ' So say I, O little mofcher,' said Oth man. ' And plague take this Mahdi too, that's what I say,' said the old woman, go ing off. 'The demons fly away with both of them — both of them — both.' He was twisting about, laughing to himself and unconscious^ the presence of a spectator, when he eame face to face with a young girl who had slipped out on bo the balcony of a big house at the sastern side and stood leaning with folded arms and looking down. The sun set was on her face ; she was swarthy but beautiful. ' Oh,' said Othman, drawing up abashed. ' You did that very well, Ofchman,' said the girl coldly. Othman began to stammer- 'I — I didn't mean — I didn't know — you'll not mind what I said — will you, Aema ?' ' About the Mahdi ? ' ' No, the Berbers.' The giri mimicked Ofchman's voice and manners. 'The demons fly away with both of them— eh?' She was laughing roguishly and Oth mau joined her nervously. ' It was only ts get rid of the old black cat and leave the coast clear for a word with somebody you know,' he said. ' Besides, you are not -a Berber, A«ma., if your father is one. Why, it's ten years since you came to live with Rachel, the Jewess.' ' Why aren't you at the Kasbah to day ? 'said the girl. Othman looked amazed. ' Haven't you heard the commotion ? Jellalli has come — Jellalli, the poet.' 'That lying good-for-nothing. What for?' 'To make a, mock ofgfche Mahdi — so there's likely to be sport to-night, I can tell you.' ' And is that why you have put on your best new turban, Othman ?' ''Don't make a mock of me, Asma,' said Othman ; and then with an upward turn of the whites of his eyes, 'Oh, Asma !' 'Well, Ofchman,' said Asma, mocking him again. *' Is it ten years or ten centuries since your father gave you to Rachel, *be Jewess ? ' 4 ' Gracious saints ! Do I look it ?^eriedf Asma. 'No, but I feel it,' said Othman. ' Asma, your father is sure to be here to night, and I'll ask him again. I'll offer him something for your dowry and if he takes it we shall be married within a week.' ' ' But if not— what then V ' Then I'll poison myself, 111 drown myself, I'll burn myself, and everything I have. I will, by Allah !' 'And by Allah the more fool you,' said the girL ' Othman, you talk big of the Berbers, but if a Berber wanted a camel and offered to buy it and the owner wouldn't sell it, though he couldn't want it for himself and had lent it to somebody who didn't prize it — what do you think he would do ? ' 'Whyr-wJiat?' ' Why take it, you donkey, take it for nothing,' said the girl. Othman clapped his hands. 'Asma! what a girl you are; you ought to be a man.' 'Heaven forbid I should be such a monkey,' said Asma. There was another peal of laughter out side, i ' Hark !' said Asma. ' There'ssureto be a tumult to-night when the Mahdi comes down, from the hills. Listen. Gome back at moon rise. I'll be ready.' Othman was buckling, up bis courage. ' I'll do it,' he said, ' if your father says no ? ' ' Hush ! my father is coming.' She had raised on tiptoe to look down a side street and then was gone like a flash. A moment afterwards a stalwart fellow came slouching into the market-place. The long gun of the Berbers was in bis hand ; he had numerous daggers at his girdle ; his jellab trailed on the ground and its lower edge was a fringe of tatters, His name was Otba. He was a Berber and the father of Asma. '|Here again, little master,' he cried, seeing Othman under the balcony. 'Yes, Otba,' said Othman, with a tragic air, 'here again and again, and always until you give up the jewel I have: won from you.' ' Catch your fish by the head, boy. What will you bait for her,' said Otba. ' I will give you, by Allah, I will give you a camel for your daughter,' said Oth man. '- ' Tut !' said Otba. 'I will give you — remember God, I say — I will give you a fat camel.' Otba laughed uproariously. ' Away -to, your frills and ribbons, little master. Or is it candy and lollypops .?' ' Yea, I know !' said Othman, firing up. ' You despise me because I am a town dweller and earn my bread by the sweat of my brow. It's the way of all idle fellows and thieves, and rascals and vaga bonds the world over.'- Ofcba lifted his -gun threateningly. 'Show us the breadth of your shoulders, little brother,' he said. Othman took the hint — 'But you'll repent it yet,' he said. ' Fll go away, but Fll come back — Fll come back.' As he turned the corner Asma, unseen by her father, reappeared on the balcony, motioned to him significantly, and disap peared. 'Yes, you'll go away a donkey and come back a jackass,' said Otba, laughing contemptuously. - Three men came walking through the market- place. One of them was Boobker, a Fez merchant, an elderly man, held in respect. ' Peace to you, SnK Boobker,' said the Berber. 'Peace! Peace! Welcome to Fez! welcome !' said the old man. ' Welcome to the strangers, Sidi,' said 'Otba, indicating Asad and El Arby. 'Who are they?' *' Merchants from Tadla,' said Boob ker. 'And you~r~friend, Boobker ? ' said one of the two, indicating Otba. 'Ofcba, the Berber,' said Boobker. 'Fresh from the mountain, Ofcba ?' said the stranger. * His name was Asad. 'Within the hour, Sidi, said the other. ' Did you see the Mahdi there? ' Otba sneered at the name. Mohammed Abd-er-Riihman ? I did. .He will be down before long, and a fine welcome awaits him.' The old gehtlemen looked at the Berber. 'That's not the voice of a friend, Ofcba. You do not love the MahdL' ' Why should I ?' said Ofcba. 'He is the brother of the poor,' said Boobker. Otba laughed derisively. ' Call your enemy so when he gives scalding water to your thirsty camel.' ' He is not a man to laugh at, brother,' said Boobker. . 'Those who curse him to-day may bless him to-morrow. Not for nothing was he called 'Mohammed the trusty.' ' ' That was long ago, Sidi,' said the Berber. 'No longer 'Mohammed the trusty,' but ' Mohammed the madman.'. He spends his days alone on the moun tains and his nights preaching to jeering clowns in the streets of Fez.' ' He has his mission, Otba,' said the merchant, 'and more than the clowns of Fez will yet hear it.' 'Mission !' laughed- the Berber. ' What is it ? To sow discord where there was peace, to set brother against brother, father against son, wife against husband ? Mission! Bah!'; . /. .3-s^ ~ There was another peat of laughter. Otba pricked up his ears and went off in the direction of the sound.. The merchants drew closer together. ' We must get the Mahdi away,'' whispered Boobker. 'His life is not safe. Depend upon it that man has been sent for.' Then looking across the mar ket-place he added, ' And here come his masters.' ' Who are they ?' said the other Talda merchant. His name was El Arby. ' The new Basha of Fez,' said Boob ker. ' A wolf !' said Asad. ' And Jonas Malika, his secretary,' continued Boobker. ' An old fox,' said Asad. The Basha (the Governor) and his Jewish secretary came along, talking to gether as they walked. 'Thus and thus it is everywhere,' said the Jew. ' Yet I half suspect the madman has more friends than show themselves.' At that moment his eye fell on the merchants. ' Now old Boobker, there, his uncle, and those mer chants from Tadla ? .' ' Sound them, Jonas ; I would love to know,' said the Basha. Jonas saluted Boobker with vast re spect. 'Peace!' ' Peace !' answered Boobker. *' The market-place to-day has 'been like a fair awaiting for its buffoon, hasn't it ?' said the Jew. ' Pity a time-honored family like that of this fine Mahdi should be turned to ridicule by the zany doings of one of its members. We should drive the man out. Barbary could spare him. What do you say, Bcobker ?' The old merchant looked at the Jew sideways and answered contemptuously, ' I say ridicule is a sword without a hilt, wounding only the hand that wields It, and that Barbary could spare something much better than the Mahdi.' ' What's that ?' said Jonas innocently. 'The Jews that have infested it- these 509 years,' said the merchant. In a moment Jonas had drawn his knife. ' Insolent beggar !' he cried. ' Dog !' cried Boobker. They were closing to fight when a new comer stepped between them. He was a young man, tall, powerful, handsome, and richly dressed. His name was Omar. He belonged to one of the first families of Fez and was the son of a former governor of the city. ' Stop !' he cried. ' What ever Barbary could spare, one thing she wants, and that is a man who can make her men agree. Put up your knives before the Basha. If the Jew is the leper, the Arab is the plague.' Boobker laughed and pointing to the big house he said, significantly, 'Pity your fair Jewish mistress didn't hear that word, Dinar Benani !' Witn that and a parting look at the Jew, the old merchant went off, followed by his friends from Tadla. The Basha and his secretary went on with their con versation. ' He was not always a saint, you say, this Mahdi ?' said the Basha. ' Always V cried Jonas, both hands up. ' Like many another saint he has come to his saintship through sin. And this,' he added, pointing to the big house, ' is the very scene of his trans figuration.' 'This ?' said the Basha. 'That,' said the Jew, ' was the house of Isaac Laredo ; one of my own people. He died before you came to Fez. He was killed. Rumor whispers this Mahdi killed him.' Young Omar had been standing by and he said, impatiently, 'That's only an old gossip's story, Jonas. Why repeat it to the Basha ?' 'Gently, young man, gently,' said the Governor. Omar turned aside and walked up and down restlessly, as if trying not to hear what was being said, yet unable to tear himself away. 'Isaac had a daughter,' said Jonas. ' He was rich and she was beautiful. So certain of your Moorish young bloods overcame their dread of doing ill in the next world in the hope of doing well in this one.' The Basha laughed. 'So the youngs Muslims wished to marry the Jewess ?' 'Yes, but Isaac would have none of them. He turned them all from his door. One night,' said Jonas solemnly, 'he. was found dead in his room, and the last man known to see him there was a certain poor Taleb, the favorite suitor of Rachel — Mohammed Abd-er-Rahman.' Omar stopped. ' Who knows he was the last ?' he said. 'Rachel herself admitted it,' said Jonas. 'And what did my predecessor do?' asked the Basha. ~~ ' Nothing,' said Jonas. ' And so out of remorse the murderer became a saint — is that it?' said the Basha. .'.And turned his back on Rachel,' said Jonas, and then both laughed. 'Don t heed the old wife s croak, lord Basha,' said Omar. ' Isaac Laredo is dead. So much the better, whoever killed him.' 'Ah, Omar will never forgive my brother Jew,' said Jonas. 'Isaac was a usurer and refused him a loan of two.* thousand dollars when his father, the poor old Basha, lay dying in the Kasbah for want of so much ransom.' ' When was that V said the Governor, and Omar answered in a preoccupied way, 'The night he died.' 'Who' died? Your father or Ra chel's ?' asked the Basha. ' Both,' said Omar, with some confu sion. Then he parted from the new men and walked on. The laughter in the lane came again, more loudly than before. ' He's coming !'said the Basha. 'This madness must not spread. Watch him, listen to him closely, bring me word of what he says. Has Otba arrived ?' 'He has, lord Basha,' said Jonas. ' ' Good ! Murderer or no murderer, we must scour the vermin out of Fez. Then this upstart Mahdi, this champion of the poor, this liberator of women, this greater than Moses, this Messiah, this star that is to rise when the sun of the Sultan sets ? ' - Jonas heard no more. The Basha's voice was lost in the noise of a great con course of people who came running into the market-place. It was the Mahdi coming from the mountains to preach in the streets. He was a large man of middle age and he wore the sheepskin jellab of a mountaineer. Walking slowly, firmly, Tesoluteiy, he came on in the midst of an uproarious crowd that jeered at him at every step. He did not shrink, he showed no fear, the derision did not touch him. Only his dark eyes flashed under his white turban and the hand that held his long staff trembled. In front of him, and stepping back wards before him in mock obeisance, walked a pert little man iu the scarlet soolham of an Eastern dandy. This was Jellalli the poet. They had come to that part x-f the Sok el Foki which was imme diately beneath the big house with the balcony, when Jellalli stopped, waved his arm with a large gesture, and proceeded to address the people. 'Men of Fez,' cried the little poet, 'be- hold the Taleb who knows what is going on in heaven !' The people laughed. ' Behold the son of old Larby's camel driver, who holds meetings with the angels in the hills !' The people again laughed. ' Behold your Mahdi ! Speak, 0 prophet ; why are you silent 'i' The Mahdi drew himself up to his full height and answered,. 'Balaam himself was silent when his ass began to speak.' 'The prophet is ungrateful,' said the little poet. ' Look at the crowds I have brought out to greet you. JECave I not done well V 'You have indeed done well,' said the Mahdi. ' You have been less than a week in this city, Jellalli, but you have lost no time. You have made yourself . the reputation of the greatest liar ever known here, and that's no little thing in Fez.' The people laughed again. ' So a prophet is a bird that fouls its own nest,' said Jellalli. And then, as by a sudden thought, ' But if you are a prophet work us a miracle,' ' God no longer works miracles by his prophets,' said the Mahdi. ' Aha ! And why not ?' said the poet. ' Because,' said the Mahdi, ' the devil has begun to do so by bis fools.' The laughter of the people continued, and the Mahdi faced them fearlessly. 'Go on,' he cried. 'lam not the first prophet who has been laughed to scorn. But all that you do this day in mockery you will one day do in earnest.' 'So,' 'said Jellalli, with a knowing look on the people about, 'we are to bow the back to you as to a king sent down from heaven ?' ,„ ' Yes, by Allah !' said the Mahdi with heat and dignity. There was great laughter. The little | poet began to twang his ginbri and sing a song of mock tribute. ' On a day that's to come We'll all have to sing The praise and bKe pudding Of Mohammed the king .!' The Mahdi listened unmoved, and when Jellalli had finished he improvised an answer instantly. 'On a day that's to come We'll see in the mire The tongue and the trunk Of JeLUHi, tbe liar !' The laughter was now turned against the poet-and he was hustled out of -the crowd. Otba, the Berber, crushed through. ' And what's yoar aew doctrine, Mahdi ?' he asked. ** To bend the knee to one God and serve no false gods,' said the Mahdi. ' What false gods do we serve? We say our prayers to Allah, don't we ?' ' That's all you do for Him,' said the Mahdi. 'Bub what do you worship? Dollars?' Ofcba pretended to laugh. 'And women !' he said* 'Allow that at least we worship women.' 'Then that's why you keep them penned ..up' in your harems,' said the Mahdi, ' buying thorn like your justice, selling them like your honor, trading with their beauty as you would trade with Paradise.' ... There was a murmur of assent, and Jonas, the Jew, who had been standing on the skirts of the crowd, shouted over the people's heads, ' Don't listen to that pestilent babbler. We thought him a madman, a dreamer, a man enchanted. He is a revolutionary, bent on the ruin of our religion and our laws. Don't you see his purpose ? It is to pluck down the Basha and the Sultan, and turn the East into the West.' ' The shaft told ; the murmurs of assent had become murmurs of anger. ' My people,' said the Mahdi, intones of command and appeal, 'do not hear them. There is nothing laid upon me but to deliver a plain message. I come to recall the Islam of Mohammed. If that plucks down, the great, they are grinding your faces; if it lifts up the poqr,'they are your brethren ; if it liberates women, they are your sisters. Hear me! I swear to you by the breath of dawn, by the stars that bide, by the darkening night, that a day is coming when this land shall be rent asunder, when Barbary shall quake ? ' He did not finish. His speech had created a great diversion. Boobker and the two merchants returned to the market-place. They tried in vain to pacifv the people. Hands were lifted against the Mahdi and there were cries of 'Down with him!' 'Stone him!' ' Away with him !' The door of the big house opened again and a woman appeared on the balcony. In .another moment she had run down the steps and was crushing her way through the crowd to the Mahdi's side, lifting her hand in front of her, crying 'Stop! stop!' It. was Rachel, the Jewess. The people made way for her and fell back. There was a moment of silence. 'Are you men?' she cried. ' Is this Fez ? Is there no chivalry in Barbary ? One defenceless man among so many ! Shame on you ! ' Then to the Mahdi — 'Come with me? Take refuge in my house.' The Mahdi took the hand that was held out to him, ' Gentle lady,' he said, ' we are in the hand of God, and He lias sent His angel to protect His servant.' The lady led the Mahdi to the steps. No one attempted to prevent. No one spoke. Going through the crowd they passed young Omar, and Rachel whis pered '?' Come to nxe to-night. ' 'To-night, '-said Omar, with a bow. ' Remember !' said Rachel. In a moment the Mahdi and the Jewess were gone into the house. Boobker and the two merchants from Tadla followed them. The darkness was gathering and the crowd dispersed. A few minutes later only Omar, Jonas, and Otba were left in the open square. ' What does this mean ? Does she love him still ?' said Jonas. ' Don't ask me,' said Omar. ' Omar,' said Jonas, in an undertone, ' this man must die, and you must kill him.' 'I? God forbid!' ' You alone have entrance to the house. You are to come here to-night. I know it — I heard you, 'said Jonas. ' What has he ilone ?' said Omar. ' Done ?' said Jonas. 'Nothing that the Basha can lay hold of, and therefore we must work his will without him. Let this madman go on for a year and there will not' be a Basha left in Barbary.' ' Even so, what of that?' said Omar. Ofcba laughed bitterly. 'Are you afraid of a blood feud,' he said. ' Well, let the saints decide. We'll draw lots. Here !' He took off his satchel, his money bag, and handed it to the Jew. ' I'll mark one moozoonah,' he said. He took a copper coin out of the bag, marked it with the point of his knife, and cast it back. 'It is done. Now I draw. With that he dipped his hand .into the bag. ' And I,' said Jonas, and dipped his hand also. ** Your turn, Omar.' But Omar hesitated. ' What has the man done bo me ? Nothing,' he faltered. 'So?' said Jonas insinuatingly, 'Omar, what do the Christians say, 'the fire is soon rekindled when the hearth is hot.'' Saying this he laughed knowingly and pointed to where Rachel and the Mahdi had gone into the house together. The stab went home. ' Come !' said Omar and he dipped into the bag, Then Jonas and Ofcba looked afc their coins and smiled, but Omar without look ing offered his coin to Jonas. They started at the sight of it. 'I knew it,' said Omar solemnly. ' The deed is written on my forehead. I must have come to it.' The moon had risen by this time, and Ofchman, with a light heart and a light step, was coming to his assignation with Asma, when he saw the men and stepped back. 'Go to him at midnight,' said Jonas. 'The merchants from Tadla are with him now. When they are gone let it be done. At the sound of the Mooddin's voice strike home. We will be near and others with us. When he is down you will throw the door open to us, and we will enter at your watchword. Then each will fling a weapon into his body. That will be for your safety, so that if a blood-feud should come of this night's work it will be the family of one against the families of all.' Omar was in a stupor. 'And the watchword?' he asked.' ' Allah-u-Kabar ! God is great !' said Jonas. Omar was moving towards the steps of the house. 'At the voice o£ the Mooddin you say ?' 'At the voice of the Mooddin,' said Jonas. ' Remember, God is great.' ' God is great,' repeated Omar. Then he ascended the steps and disap peared over the balcony like a man walk ing under a spelL Jonas and Ofcba stood a moment in the empty market-place watching him. ' I half mistrust him,' said Jonas. ' He's brave to excess and that's cowar dice.' Then they went off together. Ofchman came panting from the ambush of a door and called up at the balcony in a voice of fear, ' Asma ! Asma ! Asma !:' The girl appeared in the moonlight, hooded for their flight. ' Are you ready, Othman ?' she whispered down. 'Yes — no — we must wait,' said Ofch man in a bewildered way. ' What's amiss ? Speak,' said Asma. ' Hush ! There's to be murder in this house to-night. Omar is to kill the Mahdi.' ' Omar! He's with my mistress now. I'll tell her.' 'On your life — no,' said Ofchman. 'But as soon as he is alone tell the Mahdi. Quick, girl, quick !' Asma went back into the house and Ofchman hurried away. Chaptee. H. Rachel was waiting in the patio of her house. She was a true daughter of her people — young, dark, beautiful, with large eyes and. a resolute mouth. A woman capable of great passions, great love, great hatred, great devotion, and great revenge. The patio was open to the sky. It was dark and stars were shining. The moon was not yet risen above the walls. A warm red glow came from a window to a room wherein a lamp was burning. ? ? Omar, approached with slow steps and Rachel received him with a soft cry of joy. There were some whispered words, and then Omar said, 'But why did you bring him here ?' 'Hush!' said Rachel. 'Are you vexed that what I have asked you to do will be so much the easier done ?' ' In another moment the people would have done it for you, without deceit and without treachery. But for you they must have stoned him to death.' Rachel laughed. 'So he thinks, but he is wrong,' she said. 'His shrewd tongue had already divided them, and these merchants from Tadia ? ' ' Afc least they would have driven him out of Fez to- night, ' said Omar. ' And he would have returned to it in the morning,' said Rachel. 'No, there was but one way, Omar, call it by what name you will. ' ' My love, my darling ! What has he done to deserve it? Mercy beseems a woman, Rachel, if vengeance befits a man.' Rachel threw back her head. ' And so this madman,' she began, in a low deep voice — '-'--' If he is mad it is enough to pity him,' said Omar. 'The mad are sometimes dangerous,' began. Rachel again. ' What danger is there in him ? If only he was a tyrant, a despot, a Basha ! But he is an outcast, a pariah, all but a beggar, and to lay hands on him is to in sult calamity itself. I cannot do it. There is nothing to prompt me, nothing to justify me, nothing ? ' he looked afc her significantly. ' Nothing save one thing— — ' Rachel turned aside. ' Very well. Good night !' she said coldly. * '? Tell me what he has done and I will do it, ' said Omar impulsively. 'He has injured me deeply, very deeply, past mercy and past forgiveness,' said Rachel. '^And you have chosen me to avenge you ?' ' I have chosen you to avenge me.' ' For what ?' said Omar. Rachel did not answer immediately. 'That,' she said at length, 'is my secret.' Omar began to stammer, 'I know that he deserted ? ' ' Make no conjecture,' said Rachel. 'Is it,' said Omar solemnly, 'is it that ? ' 'Guess no more,' said Rachel. 'If,' said Omar, still more solemnly, ' if ifc is ? ' Rachel turned back to him and whis pered in his ear in a low voice like a caress, ' Come to me when it is done and I will tell you everything.' Then putting her arms about his neck, ' Love, dearest, chance has delivered hint into our hands ; \ put no more arguments to me, put them to Fate.' i Omar started at the word. ' Yes, Fate j has brought me here,' he said. | ' Have you not come by my appoint- j menfc?' . ? { ' We drew lots, I, Jonas the Jew, and I Otba.' ' And the lot fell to you ?' ' The lot fell to me.' There was silence for a moment and then Rachel said, ' This is great news. Who can escape his destiny ?' i ' Who, indeed ?' ; ' Now you can have no fear. Heaven .has willed ifc.' ' Ifc must be so. If there is any guilt in it the guilt is not mine,' said Omar. ' Who dare say it is ?' said Bachel. Omar looked in at the window of the room where the lamp was burning. ' What is he doing ?' he asked. ' The Tadla merchants are with him. When he is alone I will take you to him. Then if will be man to man.' 'Aye, man toman,' said Omar in a hushed whisper. ' And when all is over everybody will say, ' The rabble that would have stoned him to death ? ' ' Yes, yes,' said Omar eagerly. 'The rabble. No -other man suspected.' 'The rabble,' continued Rachel, ' that would have stoned him to death bufc for the daughter of Isaac Laredo have broken into her house and killed him.' , Omar started uneasily afc the name. 'Rachel,' he said, 'sometimes I think you and I should not be — to each other what we are.' The woman put her arms about his neck and laughed. ' My dearest, when is that ?' ' ' When I am alone — in the night — when I cannot sleep*' There was another moment of heavy silence. ' Come, come,' said Rachel cheerfully, 'chase away these heavy looks. What are differences of faith to those who love ? When this turbulent babbler is silenced for ever you shall have your reward.' ' My darling !' said Omar. Then in a chill voice, ' Where is he ?' ' In my father's room — the room where my father died,' said Rachel in a low tone. ; Omar drew back suddenly. ' There ? No, not there,' he stammered. ' Ah, lie seems to fear no ghosts,' said Rachel bitterly. Omar embraced her passionately. ' I'll do it,' he said. ' My hope ! For your dear sake ifc shall be done V' He broke from her arms with a kiss and a sigh and stepped into the house. It was now late and the moon was dipping down into the patio. The Mahdi was in the lamp- lit room opening on to the patio. Boobker and the merchants from Tadla were with him. 'Mahdi,' said Asad, 'Fez turns its back on you— come with us to Tadla.' ' Patience,' said the Mahdi. ' Fez is my mother, I am her son, and she shall yet receive me.' '' Stretch your leg according to yoar shawl' — it's a good saw,' said Boobker. 'You cannot stay here, Mahdi. Your life is not worth a pin's purchase.' ' Tadla is waiting for the truth. Come and deliver it,' said Asad. The Mahdi considered for a moment. Then he said 'Everything is ordained! It is written that I should go with you. When do you leave Fez ?' ' Within the hour,' said Asad. ' I will follow you to-morrow. Mahdi or prophet, I am a man with a man's affections, and Fez holds all that are dear to me — my sister, her son.' ' We will wait,' said Asad. 'God requite you abundantly. The present is patience, bufc the future breathes of revenge. I am driven away as a beggar, but I will return as a con queror. Good night !' ' Good night ! God bless your morn ing !' said the merchants, and they left him. As well as the window to the patio there was an open doorway to the market place. The Mahdi stepped up to this doorway and looked out on the housetops, which were sleeping under the white light of the moon. The city was quiefc now ; the wing of night lay softly over ifc. ' Take your last look, Mohammed er-Rahman !' he thought, ' Farewell, my mother, farewell ! To-morrow you will have the earth for your resting-place and the heavens for your tent.' The Mahdi was turning away when Rachel drew the curtains of the door from the patio and softly entered the room. ' The night is far gone,' she said. ?'¥ou must be^very tired. 'Yes, I will He down and sleep,' said the Mahdi. - ? '??- '??- .- 'Yes, yes, a long, long sleep,' said Rachel. ' The sleep would have been longer and the bed harder but for you, Rachel,' said the Mahdi. ' Say no more about that, Mahdi,' she said. Rachel was moved with an awe which she dare not betray ; she was seeing the room at that moment as ifc was on the night when she found her father lying there dead. She drew up a mattress and thought 'That is the very spot.' Then she said aloud ' Come, lie here.' The Mahdi lay down. ' You saved my life, Rachel. God will requite you,' he said. 'He does not remember,' thought Rachel. Then aloud as before, 'I will turn the stove, Mahdi. My father always liked it so.' She turned the brass stove so that the soft red glow might fall on the Mahdi's swarthy face. ' Ah, yes, your poor father !' said the Mahdi. ' God rest him !' ' Amen ! Amen !' said Rachel. They were only words, idle words. 'Courage ! Courage ! He does not care,' she thought. A harp stood in the corner of the room. ' Shall I sing you to sleep ?' she said sweetly. ' My father always loved it.' The Mahdi looked at her and smiled wearily. * ' You are still anxious about me, Rachel. But there is nothing to fear now. Go to your rest. Good night !' 'No,' said Rachel. 'I shall never sleep until you are sleeping.' 'The world and all things in it are good, buf; the goodliest thing in the world is a good woman,' said the Mahdi. 'Now hush! hush!' said RacheL Then she played softly and sang in a low tone that was like a lullaby — Camel-driver, camel-driver, Why weep ye so sore ? The love that was my love, I may love no more. The heart of the Mahdi was touched. 'Ah, Rachel,' said he, 'bufc for the freaks of fate what joy of life there might have been for you and me ! Yet the loss is mine only. Omar is brave and you are gentle. The perfect man is but a brave woman, the perfect woman is but a gentler man.' Rachel stopped. ' How can I sing Mahdi, if you talk so ?' she said. 'How beautiful you are, Rachel ; how very beautiful !' 'Not a word more now — not one little word. Hush ! Hush !' She played again without singing. After a while she rose and approached the mattress. The Mahdi was asleep. 'Asleep !' she thought. 'Nowisthetime. Yet my heart misgives me. His words were like poisoned arrows. ' You saved my life, God will requite you.' ' How beautiful you are, how very beautiful.' * But for the freaks of fate what joy of life there might have been for you and me !' Must it be ? Must ifc be ? Yet he was cruel then, and now he's callous. Look, he can sleep on the very spot, the very spot where I* found my father in his blood. Ugh ! The door stood open and he was gone.' She stepped aside. 'Ifc must be done,' she thought. ' Surely heaven directed my choice of Omar. He lovesf; me, and the lot fell to him. He will do it — he will do it.' Taking up the lamp she went noise lessly out of the room. No lisht remained except that of the stove falling on the Mahdi and some rays of moonlight which came through the window to the patio. In the silence Omar entered nervously. He looked around like a man in terror. 'The very room,' he thought. 'Was there no place on earth but this — this nightmare of my sleep, the grave pit of * my dreams? Ghosts! It is full of them. The odor of that awful nighfc — the desk — the door, and' — turning towards the mafctress — 'the very spot.' He returned to the door and pushed it open as if about to fly. 'My poor father !' he thought. Then with a glow of resolution heclosed the door. ' ' Pshaw 1 ' that's dead and done with.' Returning to the mattress he bent over the Mahdi. 'Asleep,' he thought. ' Kill a man in sleep ? You can't do that, Omar. I'll go back.' He stepped back and then stopped. 'Asleep — perhaps, dreaming. Dreaming — of what ? No phantoms stand up before his inward eyes ; no black shadow of doom hangs over him ; no fire burns in his heart. Hei will go feo God.' Omar drew his sword. 'They say an angel watches over the sleep of the just — ah ?' Stricken by this thought he steps back in awe. ' ' I dare not — God knows I dare not do it,' he told himself. He returned to the door and stood with one hand on the door -lintel. 'But Rachel !' he thought. 'She is waiting. Rachel, my love, my life. 0, 0 ! my soul is hers to save or damn.1' It was midnight. Not a sound in the air. Suddenly the chant of the Mooddin came from the mosques. 'Allah-u- Kabar'— God is great. 'The Mooddin! Ifc must be done. I can awaken him.' Omar went back to the mattress, sword in hand, and cried, ' Mahdi ! Mahdi I awake !; Your time has come.' The Mahdi awoke and opened his eyes, bub he did not rise. 'Omar!' he said calmly. ' Get up !' cried Omar. ' Who have you to save you now ? There are bufc two of us here,' and he brandished the naked sword. ' You are wrong, Omar Benari,' said the Mahdi calmly ; ' there is a third — there is God !' Omar was cowed afc the word ; he let fall his sword in his terror, and at the next moment the Mahdi had leapt to his feet and snatched ifc. ' Now, Omar, who is there to save you ?' he cried. Omar dropped to his knees. 'None, none !' he answered. The Mahdi handed the sword back to Omar, saying, 'Then learn mercy from me.' ' Mahdi ! Master ! Lord ! I am your slave for ever,' cried Omar. There was a sound of hurrying feet j the door from the patio opened, and Asma entered in great agitation. 'My lord, Omar is coming ? ' she began, and then j seeing Omar on his knees she stopped in dismay. - - Omar leapt to his feet. ' God of grace, forgive me ! Only half your danger is past,' he said. ' What is the rest 1' said the Mahdi. ' Jonas the Jew, my father, and many more are outside the house,' cried Asma. 'Ifc is true,' eaid Omar. 'At my watchword they were to enter and plunge their knives into your body.' The Mahdi stepped calmly to the door way overlooking the market-place. ' I see them,' he said. 'They are in the Sok al Foki.' Omar with his sword in hand slipped fcc* the doorway. ' Let them come,' fie said, ' and God help him that comes the first.' The Mahdi was still looking out. ' They are ten to two,' he said. ' No matter !' said Omar. ' Impossible,' said the Mahdi. ' Escape, my lord, escape !' cried Asma. 'Be calm, my daughter, be calm,' said the Mahdi. 'Do not alarm your- mistress. She will be asleep.' Then in, another voice, 'Is there no other way out of this house ?' ' None bufc to the market-place,' said the girl. ' Then I must go through that,' said the Mahdi. He turned to Omar. 'Brother, dare you take my place on that mattress until I have passed out of this door?' ' Try me,' said Omar. 'Then give me your soolham,' said the Mahdi. Omar took off the cloak and the Mahdi put it on. ' What is your watchword 1' 'God is great.' The Mahdi turned to the girl. ' Con* ceal yourself, child, and God bless you. Now, silence !' Asma crept out. Omar stepped to the mattress and prepared to lie down. At that moment the faces of men were seen in the moonlight through the doorway. ' They are here,' said the Mahdi, in an undertone. *' Are you ready, Omar ?' 'Ready', said Omar. He was now lying on the mafctress. The Mahdi stepped to the door. The faces met him. ' God is great,' he cried. ' God is great,' answered voices from without. The Mahdi passed through. At the next moment three men rushed into the room crying, 'Death to the Mahdi !' Omar rose from the mattress, and at sight of his face the men fell back in dismay. ' Omar ?' they cried. Afc the same moment Rachel returned to the room, with the lamp. ' Omar !' she exclaimed. 'Fool!' cried Otba. ' Traitor !' cried Jonas. , The Mahdi was gone. Chapter m. It was early morning in Tadla. The city was not yet awake ; the gate was still closed, and the porter was asleepw Two camels and two camel-drivers lay on, the ground at the foot of a dais which stood, by the city wall. A third man had also been sleeping there. He arose. Ifc was Otba, the Berber. The sun was coming up. ' Time to be stirring, brothers,' said Otba. 'So soon?' said one of the camel drivers. His name was Larby. He was a young man, impulsive and talkative. ' I was dreaming I was the Prophet's eunuch, and had 40 slaves and 20 wives.' The other caniel-driver aroused himself. He was an old man, solemn and taciturn. ' What says the poet ? ' Sleep makes us allBashas!1' ' Seems less than an hour since we came in from Fez,' said Larby, 'and . now before we have time to fcurn^ ? ' 'To turn!' cried the old man. ' ' Leave you to sleep, and you'll turn and turn till midday.' 'WeH, one good turn deserves enofcher,' said Larby. Then, taming to ?wards Otba, 'Ah, and here is the stranger we brought in with us last night.' The old man grunted. 'I tell you Again he is no Mahdist,' he said. ' And ?we'll be punished for bringing him into the city. Here, stranger, take back your money and go while you're safe.' ** Keep it. Fm in Tadla now,' said Otba with a laugh. ' That's just why your life is in danger, and our skins as well,' eaid the old camel driver. ?♦Ill risk it,' said Otba. ' So will I,' said Larby. ' What does the Koran say, ' If the infidel seeks refuge with you, give it him that he may iear the word of God.' ' ' Good,' said Ofcba, ' but I am no in £deL Only I've not been in Tadla since 'the Mahdi settled there.' Larby made a, long whistle. ' Not in Tadla since a year ago ! Then you'll see ?some changes.' 'Yes, things do seem altered,' said Otba. 'Altered,' cried Larby rapturously. ** Say transfigured ; where's the old Kas bah ? Gone ! Where's the old prison that was a dungeon on a dunghill ? Gone ! Where's the harem, of the B&sha; 1 Gone 1 Where's the Basha himself who used to grind the faces of the poor ? Gone ! Where's the Kadi who used to sell his jus tice to the rich ? Gone — all gone ! In stead of these, look and see ; the mosque, the courts of law, the soldiers, the barracks, the women in the streets with uncovered faces, the Moslem and the JSazarene, the Jew and the Christian, all equal and free.' Otba curled his lip contemptuously. ** Wonderful !' he said, in a mock tone. ** And the Mahdi himself, is he changed also?' ' The apostle of God — God favor and preserve him — is changed only in condi tion ; in character he is the same. Then he was a hunted wolf — now he is a con quering lion.' ' And the Mahdi's wife, Rachel, the Jewess, what of her ?' Larby's impulsive tongue hesitated. ** TTi» wife ! hum ! ha ! — well — ire are the Mahdi's servants.' 'Larby,' said the old man severely, 'you exceed in talk. Ask pardon of God.' 'So that's how it is,' thought Otba. ?* And her young maid, Asma, the Ber ber is she one of the Mahdi's concu bines ?' The old man's face clouded. ' Stranger, listen,' he said. ** Believer or infidel, re anember the saw that says ' I'm the slave of what I speak, and the lord of what I think.' ' At that moment a deep low murmur as of many voices came from a mosque whose minarets overlooked the city gate. ' Good !' said Otba cheerfully. 'But why be afraid of me ?' He paused to listen. ' What's that noise ?' he asked. ' Prayer in the mosque,' said Larby. A troop of people came down the street behind the mosque. Among them were the blind, the lame, and the infirm. ' And who are these people ?' said Otba. ' Pensioners and petitioners of the Mahdi,' said Larby. ' He will come out presently.' ** Hush, he is coming now,' said the old camel- driver. The camel-drivers roused their camels and drove them aside. Otba stepped back. Voices came from within the xnoBque. ' Praise be to God ! Praise be to God and his prophet !' A moment later the Mahdi came out of the mosque attended by Boobker and Asad, and made his way to the dais. He was clothed in white. The people pressed round him, kneeling and supplicating. He Was pushing his way to the dais when he saw the camel-drivers and stopped. ' Larby,' he said, ' when did you re juniP' *£Laje^gt nighV WJ load,' «*&!«$& 'And Omar?' asked the Mahdi eagerly. ' We left him in Fez,' said Larby. ' He sent us forward with the baggage. He is following, and will be here to-day.' The Mahdi drew a deep bteath. ' God grant he brings good tidings,' he said. Then, in an easier voice, ' Boobker, if you have any petitioners to-day I will give them an audience now.' And with that he took his seat on the dais. The gate of the city was the Court House of Tadla. Boobker brought up a man and a woman. . 'This woman,' he said, ' ' being divorced from this man for infidelity with his brother, claims back her dowry, but the man says he has paid her already.' 'What did you pay her?' said the Mahdi to the man. *' A hundred silver dollars,' the man answered. ' It's false, my lord ; he paid me noth ing,' cried the woman. ' One of you must be lying, which is it 1' said the MahdL ** If s he, my lord,' said the woman. The man did not speak for a moment ; then he said, 'A good, wife is a crown on the head of a king, Mahdi, but a wicked wife is a burden on the back of an old man. She had beggared me before I di vorced her, and dishonored me before all believers.' ' What have you got left f ' the Mahdi asked. ' Only one camel, not worth the hun dred dollars she demands over again,' said the man. & ' You must give it up to %er,' said the MahdL ' God bless you, my lord,' cried the woman with great joy, 'and may the wife of your heart be blessed. You are true to all women and deserve that all women should be true to you.' The man looked on the ground. ** Then Im a ruined man,' he faltered. The Mabdi turned to the woman. ' He has nothing now. Will you not give him something ?' ' I don't mind,' she said largely. ' Here's a silver dollar for him.' ' Hand it to me first,' said the MahdL He looked at it critically. 'What,' he cried, ' base metal ? You carry false money ? Do you know the penalty ?' The woman was thrown into wild ex citement. 'Base?, False? Penalty?' she exclaimed. ** How should I know it was false 1 He gave it me, and if anyone is to be imprisoned for it, imprison him.' Then she lost herself. ' 0, my lord Mahdi,' she cried, ' it is no use to deceive you. My husband did pay me the hundred dollars, but he paid me in bad money, and that false dollar is one of them. So it comes to what I said at first, and I'm as innocent as the babe un born.' ' Take her out and whip her,' said the MahdL 'The silver is as good as ever was coined.' The woman was being hustled out when the gate of th© city opened aud Omar came in covered with dust and threw him self at the feet of the dais. ** Omar 3' cried the Mahdi, rising to his feet. , ' Peace be on you, Mahdi !' said Omar. ' And on you also !' said the MahdL ' What news from Fez ? What welcome from your embassy ?' Omar rose and drew himself up. 'What welcome?' he said. 'Insults, Mahdi ; taunts, jeers, curses !' 'Curses, Omar?' ' Aye, curses, and all but blows.' ' Blows ? Speak, Omar, speak.' 'They received me in the Kasbah,' said Omar, ' the Basha, the Kadi, the Kaleefa, everybody. 'The Mahdi has conquered Morocco for the Moors,' I said. ' The Sultan is dead, his Ministers are banished, his prisons broken open, his harems dispersed, man in Barbaryisfree, and woman is a slave no longer. The Mahdist empire is founded. The nations of the world acknowledge it. Only Fez ^eawins what she mt»— *? disgrace to humacity, an outrage on Islam. The Mahdi calls on her to submit ?' 'Right and true,' said the Mahdi. ' What answer did they make ?' ' What answer ? They gave me ' Liar' for my answer. 'Traitor,' 'Coward.' * Liar am I not,' I said ; ' traitor I never was, and let him who called me coward step out and prove it.' ' ' Bravely spoken. What then ?' ' Then they said, * And pray what will this Mahdi do if Fez should refuse T ' March out on her,' I cried ; ' fight her, destroy her, burn her. Which is it to be — peace or war? Give me your answer for the Prophet of God.' ' ' What did they say to that V ' ' We know of no prophet of God, save one,' they said. * That's strange,' I cried, 'for your master the devil knows him but too well.' 'As for this second Mohammed,' said they, 'tell him that we have sentenced him to death.' ' So,' said I, ' has the second Mohammed sen tenced you.' At that they lifted up stones and would have stoned me. The white flag was useless. There was nothing left but to escape, and I leapt to my horse and fled. Thus I am home from Fez, my lord, bringing nothing back of my mission but menace and mockeries.' The Mahdi was moved. ' Yes, Omar,' he said proudly, 'you bring back that which your master prizes above honor and obeisance — yourself, the lion and sword of Islam. What though you were driven out of Fez? Even so was the Mahdi before you. Fez shall fall — her day of decision is past. If the insults of the Bashas ring in your ears you shall yet wipe them out on their faces. Wel come, thrice welcome ! More welcome to-day than when you came to me covered in the glory of your blood from battle.' Omar half turned aside. ' I am weary after my journey, Mahdi,' he said. ' You may go into my house and rest.' Omar made a movement of dissent. 'Yes, my wife herself shall see to you. Yet wait !' he said and rose to his feet. ' Men of Tadla, listen,' he cried, raising bis voice so that the people might hear. ' Here I appoint Omar, my friend and brother, the hero of Islam, the insulted of Fez, to be the first Calife of your leader, his heir and successor, to stand at the head of all believers when God shall need your Mahdi no more.' There was a shout of assent from the crowd, but Omar shook his head. ' I am not fit to walk in your shadow, my lord,' he said. 'Your words crush me more than your honor lifts me up. You do not . know me — but let me go, I am faint and athirst.' 'Lead him into my house.' Boobker stepped out. He had been watching Omar with no friendly eyes. ' Nay, but into mine, Mahdi, it is the nearest,' he said. 'Into mine, I say,' said the Mahdi, ' for Rachel herself shall serve him.' Omar was led away and the Mahdi, stepping down from the dais, lifted his clenched hand towards the country beyond the gate. 'O Fez, Fez,' he cried, ' you are my mother, yet I feel toward you as a father who must chasten his son, though his bowels yearn over him to spare him !' Again addressing the people, he said — ' Fez is the heart of Barbary. Not till Fez has fallen will Barbary be free. She is the stronghold oi the old order and we must go out against her. Make ready. Bring your tributes to the mosque to- night — your gold, your silver, your jewels, your adornments. Then to arms ; Make ready, make ready we must take her by surprise.' He was going back to his house, followed by his people, when Ofcba stepped in front of him. The Mahdi stopped. ' Otba, the Berber !' he said with astonishment. ' Otba, the friend of the Basha,' said Boobker in his ear. ' The Mahdi hesitated a moment and then cried, 'Take him.' Tw^BiaiLlwd, Jwid of Otba. 'Have no fear, Mahdi,' said the Berber, ' I'm not here to play the spy for Fez. My own business is enough for me.' 'What is it?' said the MahdL 'My daughter — where is she? By what knavery have you kept her from her father for a year ? Where is she ? What is she ? Give her up to me if she is not too foul a thing to take back to my breast.' 'Larby, bring her here,' said the MahdL Larby went off hurriedly. The Mahdi looked steadfastly at the Berber for a moment. Then he said, ' Otba, three years ago you pursued me to slay me. Listen ! In your mother's tent there was a boy, a stranger, a son of Fez. His own mother was dead. He was a weak ling, he was sent up into the mountains and your good mother nursed him. But she had a son of her own, a ba'be, and it was the light of her life. One day there was war in the bashalic, your mother fled to the help of her husband and fell beside him. She had left her child asleep in the tent and a boar came down from the hills. The child's arm was in its bloody jaws and only the boy there to fight it. But he slew it, though its claws tore the flesh from his forehead and the life of the babe was saved. Otba, you were that babe and I was that boy. Look at your arm above the elbow — your right arm. Does no mark remain V Otba drew up his sleeve and showed a red scar on his arm. At the same moment the Mahdi lifted his hair and showed a scar on his forehead, saying as he did so, ' And now look here.' There was silence for a moment. Then Otba, visibly moved, said in a breaking voice, ' Often as I have seen the scar never before have I known the cause of it.' And then Larby came back leading Asma. She looked perplexed and ashamed with so many eyes upon her. ' Asma,' said the Mahdi, ' see, your father has come to fetch you. He thinks I have kept you this long while in Tadla by force of a false alliance. No words would efface that evil thought, but you are free to follow him. So go and God go with you both.' 'But, master — ' said Asma, with a look of dismay. ' I'll go alone,' said Otba. ' Father — ' cried Asma. ' Stay where you are, child ; I've been in the wrong.' ' Otba,' said the Mahdi, 'a while ago you told me not to fear you. I do not fear you, I trust you. I could imprison you. I could put you- to death. You have heard my secret, that I mean to march back on Fez. - Now take your fleetest horse ; go by your steepest passes. FarewelL' Otba dropped to his knees. ' Mahdi, forgive me,' he cried, ' I am your slave for ever.' The people raised a great shout, 'Praise be to God.' Otba rose to his feet with an altered face. ' I will not betray you,' he said, ' but I will lead you into Fez. Give me four hundred men clad like Berbers, and I will fly towards the city crying * The Mahdi is behind. He is pursuing us. Let us in,' Then you shall come after us with five thousand men and encamp out side the walls, and the same night at mid night we shall throw open the gates to you and you shall enter and possess the city.' ' It shall be done,' cried the MahdL ' To-night ! To-night !' shouted tihe people fired by the thirst of conquest. 'She Mahdi went home surrounded by Boob ker, Asad, and other followers. Chapter IV. The Mahdi's house looked onto the mosque. Through an open colonnade the markets could be seen. Between these ran a narrow lane and somewhere below a camel-driver was singing a song of the desert— Camel-driver, camel-driver, Now whither away 1 'Tis the eye of the morning, The dawn of the day. Rachel, now wife of the Mahdi, was sitting at work on a mattress covered by a rug. 'Hark!' she thought. 'Omar's camel-drivers. Then he must be back. ' Camel-driver, camel-driver, Nay, why roll your teat? My spirit is wounded, My heart it is rent. A child's voice came up from the lane, calling ' Rachel ! Rachel !' Rachel stepped to the colonnade and waved her handkerchief. 'Hosein! little Hosein ! Come up, come up,' she called. 'The dear little man!' she thought. ' The bright, brave little heart — a man's soul in a baby body ! He at least is not. watching me and spying on me, and dogging me — like his mother Fatima, like my own maid Asma, like Boobker, like everybody except the Mahdi — everybody, everybody, except him who has most cause.' There was the patter of little feet out side and at the next moment a boy of seven burst into the room and flew into Rachel's arms. ' Hosein !' she said on her knees beside the boy. 'What a sunny little man it is. A hop, skip, and a jump of sunlight in a dark place ! What cheeks, what roses !' But the boy was bursting with great news. ' Rachel — ' he began. ' But — but — but — ' said Rachel, ' you're surely not too much of a man to kiss me ? Yes ? You are ? Come then. No ?' — pretending modesty — ' Nay then, I must put up my veil when men come to see me.' ' ' Listen,' said Hosein, kissing Rachel for peace sake and then blurting out his news, ' only think— we're to go back' to Fez !' ' Fez !' said Rachel, rising suddenly. She was serious now. 'There's to be a pilgrimage,' said the boy. ' The Mahdi said so in the Mosque this morning.' 'What did he say?' said Rachel eagerly. ' Tell me, tell me !' 'He said that if Omar brought bad news ? 'And has he?' ' Yes, so we are all to go,' said Hosein, clapping his hands. 'Mother, and you, and Asma, and everybody. You and mother will be in litters, but I am to be a soldier and ride with Omar.' With that he strutted about the room. ' What great, great news,' said Rachel, ' and what a soldier you'll be when you come back.' ' Yes, you'll have to put up your veil then, will you not ?' said Hosein, in a mighty manly way. ' Just like you do for Omar, eh ?' Rachel caught her breath at that name, but recovering herself she said, 'Ah, you'll not have much time for us poor women after that.' ' Soldiers never have — look at Omar,' said the little man. Then he went on with the order of march. ' Omar will be in front and I'll be behind him.' He began to act it. ' See, I'll show you. That's Fez,' fixing a pillow in position on the floor, 'I'm Omar and you are Hosein. This is my sword' — catching up a fan and shouldering it — 'and that's yours' — giving her another fan — ' now, one, two, three — — ' With that the small recruit began to march about the room and Rachel followed him, laughing and keeping time to his tiny footsteps. The camel-driver was still singing somewhere below and the mimic march was proceeding when Omar stepped in by the colonnade. Rachel saw him and said, ' Run, Hosein, run, or your mother will be seeking you. Run, dearest, run,' and hustled the boy out. ' Rachel !' said Omar. ' Then you are back,' said Rachel. He did not look at her ; she did not look at him. Their voices were cold, their jnanner was formal. ' ' H« aeai me here himself; I was weary after myj journey. 'Go into my house and rest,'.; he said, and then he named your name.' j 'Mine?' j 'Ah, his noble soul is above all sus- ? picion. He takes' us for what we should be, and that made me ashamed of what we are.' Rachel's voice began to soften. 'What evil have we done?' she said. 'Could any renouncement be greater than ours 1 Never a tender word between us, never a glance, never a sigh, never a tear. Do you wish to banish ever memory ? ' ' It is our duty,' said Omar. ' He is the Mahdi — you are his wife. ' , Rachel fired up at the word. ' Why ?' said she, 'why am I the wife of the1 Mahdi ? Because you deserted me in Fez to follow him in Tadla.' i 'I came to know him as a prophet of God,' said Omar. 'You were prompt ing me to kill him ; I had to make my choice.' Rachel's lip curled. ' And you chose the Mahdi,' she said. 'I chose the Mahdi,' repeated Omar. ' What was the Mahdi to you? Nothing.) What was 1 1' 'You were everything to me, Rachel,' said Omar ; ' the light of my eyes, the star of my night, the breath of my dawn ; I loved you, I would have iaid down my life for you ? ' Rachel laughed a little. ' And yet— ' she began. 'And yet I fled from you,' said Omar, Rachel laughed scornfully. 'That's what love is on the lips of a man,' she said. 'Yes, Rachel,' said Omar with em phasis, ' that's what love is on the lips of a man.' ' Well, what was left to me V she said. 'To stay behind in Fez and hear the people laugh and say, ' There goes the | Jewish woman that Omar Benani cast away!' No!' she cried. 'You had deserted me, rejected me, spurned me. I had then two objects of revenge.' 'And you have worked your will on both,' said Omar. 'Yes, I have brought him to marry me. He is my husband and I am his wife,1' said Rachel coldly. ' For mercy's sake, do not stab me with the past,'' said Omar. Rachel drew near to him and said in a low, passionate voice — 'The past would wound me no more if I could but think, 'Rachel, there is someone who loves yoa though he does not say it. He is there and you do not wish him to speak You can feel from afar his lost embrace. He suffers with you, and that makes you suffer less.'' Omar shuddered. ' Better death than such torture,' he cried. There was silence for a moment and then Rachel said, 'Was that why you went to Fez ? You knew the danger — that to set toot in Fez was all hut certain death — was that why you went ?' ' It was the Mahdi that sent me,' said Omar. 'If he finds it. good that I should die doing my duty, he is right.' The woman's lip quivered. ' Yes, yes,'' she said, 'you are faithful enough to him — no doubt of that.' 'I have a double reason. lam his servant, and I have wronged him — wronged, him, though he knows it not — wronged him, [if not in act in thought — wronged him, aye, through one long year I've wronged him.' ' When — where ?' 'Here in my heart,' said Omar. 'That's why I mean to die doing my duty faithf uUy to the last. No ^natter when, no matter where, no matter where fore, I am ready.' With a haft- smothered cry Rachel dropped at his feet. 'Omar, Omar,' she cried, 'you can never drive love away as they drive a slave.' Omar was trembling ; his voice was breaking. 'Turn your face from me, Rachel,' he said. ' When. I look at you I am all eyes, when I think of you I am all heart.1' But Rachel saw her advantage. ' Servant or no servant, wife or no wife, you are mine and I am yours,' she said. 'Do not say it, do not wish it,' he answered. 'Omar, I love you,' said Rachel, holding by his jellab. 'No, no, no.' ' I love you.' 'No.' . She rose to her feet and 'opened her arms. ' I love you ! Come to me, come to me.' Omar could struggle no longer. LosiDg all control, he flung himself into Rachel's arms. 'Talk no more of death,' she whispered ; ' weVwili live — let the Mahdi die !' It was a fatal word ; it had awakened him as from a trance ; he tried to liberate himself. 'The Mahdi!' he said. 'What am I doing? God forgive me I Within this hour before all the people, at the gate, from this dais, he proclaimed me his successor.' ' ' His successor ? Before ail the people ?' she asked. She made a cry of joy. 'Omar,' she whispered, 'you shall live to see it.' ' Let me go,' said Omar. He tore himself away from her and went out hurriedly by the colonnade. Rachel broke into hysterical sobs and threw herself on the mattress. ' He is mine still,' she thought, ' mine, mine !' The Mahdi entered the room by the little door at which Hosein had gone out. ' Where is Omar?' he asked. ' Gone,' said Rachel, recovering her self. ' So soon !' said the Mahdi. He re flected for . a moment and then said, ' ' Rachel, answer me without fear. Have you driven him away ?' Rachel looked amazed. ' Why should you say so ?' she said. ' The past is the past,' said the Mahdi. 'God Himself cannot wipe it out. Answer me again, does your heart still reproach him?' Rachel trembled, but she answered ' No.' ' You do not shrink from him ?' 'No.' ' You have no secret torture respecting him?' With an effort Rachel answered 'None.' The Mahdi was satisfied. 'That is well,' he said. ' Yet perhaps you think 'The Mahdi will not always be with me.' But take no thought for that. No man will aspire to you when I am gone. In the past, in the present, in the future you are my wife. You will be the mother of believers, you will be sacred, the track of yourf ootateps will behonored, you will belong to the Mahdi dead or alive. Therefore, welcome my friends as you welcome me.' Boobker and Asad came into the house. Both looked anxious and distrustful. 'Five hundred of the tribe of Bern Idar will be ready at the mosque,' said Asad. ' Good,' said the Mahdi, ' they shall set oat at midnight.' ' Then it is true, you are going to Fez,' said Rachel. 'Otba is to go,' said the Mahdi, ' and five hundred men are to go with him clad as Berbers. He is to fly to the city crying ' The Mahdi is pursuing us, let us in. ' I am to follow with five thousand and the same night he is to open the gates to us and so we are to enter and possess the city.' Boobker shook his head. 'A trick, Mohammed, a trick,' he said. The Mahdi smiled and said, 'Tricks are the devil's weapons until God wants them, and then it is treason to call them treachery. ' 'Beware, beware !' said the Boobker. '? What do the Jews say—' Let him that diggeth a pit for another take heed lest he fall into it himself. ' ' Rachel had listened with looks of amazement. 'But Otba? Ofcba, the Berber?' she said in tone a of astonish ment. ?'Have no fear, Rachel,' said the Mahdu ' This day he has become a Malidisfc. He can be trusted.' ' With five hundred men V said RacheL 'He is a believer, too, praise be to God,' saidthe M&hdi.; 'A believer of one day only and he is to have five hundred men to lead them to prison or to death,' said Rachel. 'True, Rachel, the Berbers are un stable as water, yet Ofcba alone can enter Fez.' ' Then,' said Rachel eagerly, 'some- one must go with him.' ** The counsel is good,' said the MahdL ' Let me go,' said Asad. ' No,' said Rachel promptly. ' It must be someone who knows the city j someone who knows the Baslia.' Boobker made an expression of im patience. ' Impossible !' he said. ' He who knows the Basha the Basha himself must know.' . » ' Sha ! he can be disguised, said RacheL _ , Thev all laughed. * Woman s wit, Boobker,' said Asad. ' I will go myself,' said the MahdL Rachel clapped her hands with delight. '* The man of all men,' she cried. ' Who knows Fez so well as the Mahdi ?' Boobker looked doubtfully at her. ' Then you are not afraid for him ?' 'Afraid?' she said contemptuously. ' I will disguise him myself. A gun case about his head and the sheepskin kaftan of a pilgrim — what more is wanted ¥' ' Bring them to the mosque to-night,' eaid the Mahdi. ' I will,' said RacheL ' Bring my sword too.' ' Yes.' ' And my girdle.' ' Yes.' ' My selham as well.' 'Yes, yes,' said Rachel eagerly. **And with my own hands I will put them on. Afraid ?' she replied mock ingly. 'I will go before you to the church. Yes, and my women with me, playing on their kettledrums.'' The Mahdi put his arms about her. ?' Brave heart or woman,' he cried. ** Stronger than the soul of man. It is the work of Islam, and it is I who should He began to make preparations. 'Asad, find Utba ; say I intend to go with him.' 'Instantly, Mahdi,' said Asad, and he went out. 'And Father Boobker,' said the Mahdi, 'do you seek Omar straightway ; say he is to take my place at the head of the five thousand and enter Fez when we have opened the gates to him.' Boobker shrugged his shoulders and answered coldly going out, ' My will is yours, I go j but beware, the pit — the pit!' But the Mahdi's enthusiasm was kindled. 'Into no pit, dug by me or another, can the foot of the Mahdi fall, {or the Merciful is mighty,' he cried, as he embraced Rachel again. 'God give you a good reward, my dearest. Follow with the five thousand under Omar. You must see the day of Islam's triumph, for the day that we enter Fez will be the day of your own glory. I will be waiting to receive you, ready to put the crown of Islam on your head. Rachel, my soul, my beloved, my wife, my queen 1' She stepped out by the little door at which he had entered. When she was alone Rachel went to a cupboard in the wall and took out the writing materials of the East — the reed pen, the sand, the paper, and the ink. ' At last, at last ! the chance I have waited for has come at last !' she thought. Then she laughed to herself. ' Successor J proclaimed before alL' After that she sat on the mattress and wrote this letter : — ' Otba, the Berber, is a traitor fallen into the toils of the Mahdi. With five hundred men he will claim protection from Fez. One of his company will be a certain great Mahdist in a pilgrim's skirt and hood. Watch for him, receive and reward him as he may deserve. This, in haste and secrecy, from 'A Fbiend of Fez.' The letter being finished she went to the little door and called, ' Mubarak ! Mubarak !' A black boy came into the room. ' Mubarak/' said Rachel, 'you have often promised me that you could find your way back to Fez. The time has come to go. Say nothing to anyone ; saddle the Mahdi's horse. Take this paper in your hair — so. She rolled up the paper and knotted it in the boy's locks. ' When you get to Fez deliver it to the Basha. Say J sent it. Show it to no one else. Now go, lose not a moment. ' ' In a moment the black boy was gone. Then Rachel called again, ' Ari™ ! Asma !' Asma came and Rachel said, ' Let the girls from the school bring their kettle drums to the mosque to-night. The Mahdi is leaving for Fez with your father Otba. We are to follow him with Omar.' ' O, Othman !' exclaimed Asma with uplifted eyes. 'I said Omar, child, Omar,' said RacheL ''But I said Othman and I shall see him again. O, joy, joy, joy I' As Asma went out by the little door Omar returned by the colonnade. Rachel saw him and made a cry of joy. But Omar's face was dark. **What is this that Boobker tells me?' he asked coldly. ' What was ifc that I told you ?' cried Rachel rapturously. ' You will live to see it, Omar ! Successor to the Mahdi. First Calife and my king !' She was going toward him to throw herself into his arms, but Omar recoiled from her. ' What else did you say V he said in a hard voice, ?' that to set foot in Fez was all but certain death. Yet you are send ing the Mahdi there — the Mahdi, of all men.' She approached him again. 'Back, do not touch me. I know you know,' he said. 'Omar!' ' From this hour all love dies out of my heart. I hate you, I loathe you, I despise you !' The words smote Rachel as with a blow. ' Stop ! What are you saying ¥' she said. 'Traitorous woman ! murderess 3' said Omar. *' Oh, oh !' ' You are sending your husband to his death.' Then Rachel recovered herself. ' Even so, what then?' she said with anger. ' Just punishment for sending another to his death before him.' ' Another ?' said Omar with astonish ment. ' So you have forgotten already !' said RacheL 'Two years ago I begged you to revenge me upon the Mahdi. You asked why ? I promised to tell you when the thing was done. It was my secret, and I have kept it until now.' Omar was trembling with horror. *' What is it?' he asked. Rachel was laughing bitterly. 'I snatched him from the crowd and took him into my house in Fez ; I followed him when you had failed me and brought Mm to marry me when you had cast me off. But I always meant— I always looked forward to it, at the height ofhispower, at the topmost reach of bis ambition,'' on that day when the dream of his life came true my bolt should falL' ' What is it ?' said Omar again. Rachel came closer. She looked into bis face. / ' He kitted my father F* she said. *« Oh, my God ! my God !' cried Omar, burying his face in both hands. Rachel tried to draw them down. ' That was my motive then — it is only my justification now. Love, not revenge, is my pole star. All for you, Omar, all, all for you !' ''Rachel,' said Omar in an awful voice, ' your bolt has fallen — not on the Mahdi but on me. I killed your iather 1' y Rachel fell back from him. 'You?' she said. i 'Yes, I,' said Omar, 'and the doom ; is mine.' i Omar went out hurriedly. Rachel sank back on the mattress. The camel-driver i was still singing below the window : — ] Oatnel-driver, camel-driver, : Where rest ye to-night? By the springs of the desert, ' The waters of light. '. Chapter V. It was night inside the .mosque of Tadla. The patio was full of people, not men only, as in the older days, but also women and children. Many carried lighted , torches. This was the only illumination. As the people entered they went up to a silver bowl that stood on a stool at the foot of a line of steps and cast in their offerings — some silver, some copper, some their jewels from their arms and necks. There was a low hum of many voices. Boobker and Asad were walking in the colonnade. 'No, no, I repeat it,' said Boobker. 'No matter how great a man may be, when he undertakes a venture like this he should consult ten of his friends.' ' Great ones are not great in friends,' said Asad. 'What if he has not got ten ¥' ' Let him consult five friends twice over,' said Boobker. ' But what if he has not got five 1' said Asad. ' Then let him consultone friend twice over,' said Boobker. 'Nay,' said Asad, 'but if he stands so high that he has not got even one friend Tr 'Then let him consult his wife,' said Boobker. ' His wife ?' 'Yes,' said Boobker, 'and whatever she advises let him do the contrary and he is sure to proceed rightly.' Asad laughed and said 'That's just what the Mahdi has done, Boobker.' 'It is just what the Mahdi has not done,' said Boobker, 'and heaven save us from the consequences !' A young and beautiful woman came into the mosque in great agitation ; she was Fatima, the sister of the Mahdi. 'Peace be on you, O Fatima,' said Boobker. 'Peace, peace,' replied the anxious woman ; ' where is he ? ' she said, look ing round. ' Still to come ? Then I am not too late ; yet soon or late what can I do ? Rachel is all in all with him. O, is there no man to stand between him and this woman ? ' Boobker laughed cynically. ' Oh yes,' he said, ' there is a man to stand between them ; would there were not ! ' *' But has he no friend ? ' said Fatima. 'A friend too,' said Boobker, ^'and there is the mischief, for not a word will he hear against him.' There was a shout without of ' God save the Mahdi !' ** He is coming '' said Asad. The Mahdi entered the mosque sur rounded by a great throng, and accom panied by Ofcba and El Arby carrying torches. He ascended the line of steps which served for rostrum. The people gathered round ; he lifted his hand and began to speak. ' People of Tadla,' he said, ' I pro claim a pilgrimage. We are to set out for Fez. Not until Fez falls will the Mahdist Empire be complete. Only when we have planted our standard oh its Kasbah will Barbary be free. We have to win a dear victory for God ; we have to break down the last bulwark of Sodom ; we have to restore the ancient faith of Islam. Ours is the duty, ours is the honor — it is war !' At that there was a great shout of ' War ! war -' ** People of Fez,' said the Mahdi, ' we are to go back to our birthplace. A year ago you came out to me from the service-of its hard masters, from the doors of its cruel prisons, from the -famished army of its Sultans. Your fathers are there still, your sons, your daughters, your sisters, your wives. You are going back to them to liberate them. You are going home.' There were yet louder shouts of ' Home ! Home 1' ' We go in two companies, the first of five hundred, the second of five thousand. The five hundred shall leave to-night, the five thousand to-morrow. Soldiers of the five thousand, you shall follow under Omar, my comrade, my successor. Obey him, swear fealty to him, come to him from every town, from every house, from every tent ; let the women and children of Fez come with you. O God, give you a good reward.' There were deep murmurs of assent. 'Soldiers of the five hundred,' con tinued the Mahdi, 'I myself will head you. Yours is the greatest honor, it is, also the gravest danger — we will share them together.' At that moment, by a side entrance near to the steps, Rachel came into the mosque, followed by Asma, who was carrying the Mahdi's garments, and an Arab soldier, who was bearing his sword and flintlock. At the same time Omar, who had stood in the crowd, stepped forward and said, *' Reverse your order, and let me lead with the five hundred.' Rachel heard him and she trembled. ' Why ?' eaid the Mahdi. 'First,' said Omar, 'because it best beseems the liberator of his country to enter Fez with five thousand, not with five hundred, with triumph, not by treachery ; with dignity, not in disguise.' The Mahdi bowed his head. ' What next ?' he asked. 'Next,' said Omar, 'no dress will disguise the Mahdi from the people of his own province. There is only one face such as the face of Mohammed Abder Rahma, and the men of Fez know it.' Omar had spoken firmly, resolutely, almost angrily. *'The tongue is the tongue of an enemy,' said the Mahdi, ' but the heart is the heart of a friend.' Then he turned to the people. 'Companions of my exile,' he said, ' I will listen to you ; what do you advise ?' Boobker stepped out. ' Master,' he said, with a significant accent, 'let Omar' go first with the five hundred. - He knows Fez, he knofrs the Basha. He can do all that the Mahdi can do and run no risk.' The Mahdi's sister, Fatima, had been standing by in visible agitation. The Mahdi turned to her and said, 'Fatima, it is your turn.' 'Brother,' said Fatima, in tremulous bones,' 'let Omar go with Otba. The last man the Basha -will look for is the man who has just left him. ' Meantime Rachel had been 'struggling I hard to control her emotion. The Mahdi noticed this. 'And Rachel ?' he said. 'No, no, no ! Do not listen to them,' she burst out in a choking voice: There was some movement among the Mahdi's followers. ' Your reasons, Rachel, your reasons ?' said the Mahdi. I Rachel tried to speak, began, stopped, j began again, and finally cried, ' I do not know — I cannot think. £ut do not let Omar go with Olba.' Boobker exchanged glances with Asad. Fatima looked eagerly into the Mahdi's face. Omar's eyes were on the ground. Rachel was violently agitated. The crowd caught the contagion of her emotion. The one man in the mosque with complete self-control was the Mahdi himself. ' Why not ?' he asked calmly. Rachel began to stammer an explana tion. 'I— I— I—' She could get no further. ' What shall I say ? How can I speak ?' she thought. Then she cried aloud, ' Do not torture me.' There was a murmur of astonishment among the people, but the Mahdi smiled. 'Rachel, my wife, I understand you,' he said tenderly. 'Your pride has con quered your love. This is the work of Islam, and you1 would fain see no man but your husband at che head of it.' Rachel drew her breath with relief, but Fatima cried, ' No, no, no.' And Boobker nodded his head in assent. The Mahdi was still unmoved. 'Fatima, my sister, I understand you also,' he said as tenderly as before. 'Your love has conquered your pride. This is the hour of Islam's danger, and you would fain see any man but your brother at the front of it.' The commotion in the mosque was now very great. Omar made one step up to the rostrum. 'Mahdij' he said, 'lam ready ; which is it to be?' The Mahdi hesitated for a moment. Then he said, 'The people shall decide. Congregation of Tadla, you have heard what has been said. Now give me your voice, and. give it without fear. The Mahdi or Omar — which?' At that there was a great and universal shout of ' Omar ! Omar :' The Mahdi listened, bent his head, and answered, ' Enough ! Omar it shall be ! And do not think that I grudge your choice. That name is a sound more wel come to me than rain in a desert land.' Then taking a step down 'to the place where Omar stood he put one hand on his shoulder and said, ' Omar, my successor, my friend, my brother !' Amid the tumult in the mosque Rachel's emotion at that moment was observed by one man only ; that man was Omar. He slipped to her side and whispered — ' Be silent ; your secret shall die with me. Let mine end with you.' But Rachel could not control herself. ' No, no !' she cried aloud. 'Love him, honor him. Farewell!' whispered Omar. ' It shall not be,' cried Rachel. Then burning to Asma she said in a low voice — ' Run, girl, run ; see if the black boy is gone. Tell him not to go.' Asma went off like a gleam. The Mahdi had returned to the top of the rostrum. ' Larby,' he called, ' go for my horse ; it shall be my parting gift to Omar.' Larby went out on the errand. 'And, Rachel,' said the Mahdi, 'let all the honors that you meant for the Mahdi be done to Omar.' 'I cannot, I will not,' began Rachel. 'Nay,' said the Mahdi; 'do not grudge him one of them.' Rachel's emotion was mastering her. 'He will never come back,' she said. Boobker had returned to her side. ' What did you say ?' he asked. And Fatiuia, who was near, repeated the question. Rachel was caught in her own trap. 'Nothing, nothing but ? 'she stam mered and she stopped again as she looked in the faces about her. ' How they watch me !' she thought. Boobker's little eyes trembled. 'Would you still have the Mahdi go?' he asked. Rachel was in torment. ' No, neither — neither now — neither Omar nor my husband. It is death ? ' Boobker lifted his eyebrow. 'What?' said Fatima. Omar tugged at Rachel's gown. ? ? Hush, hush !' he whispered. Rachel's tongue was tied. She could neither speak nor make sign. 'Come, Rachel,' said the Mahdi, ' the sheepskin caftan of the pilgrim — the selham — with your own hands you shall dress him.' There was no help for it. She was compelled to do to her lover as she had promised to do to her husband. With a mighty effort she took up the garments, where Asma had left them, and put them on to Omar. All eyes were on her. The Mahdi was watching every movement. 'Now, my girdle,' he said. With yet greater effort she took the scarf and girded it on to Omar. ' Now, my sword,' said the Mahdi. She girded the sword on to Omar. 'Good !' said the Mahdi. There was a sound of distant music. ' What noise is that ?' cried RacheL A line of girls came down the corridor of the mosque, playing on tabrets. 'The tabrets! The tabrets! Your maidens, Rachel, your maidens !' cried the Mahdi. Bat Rachel was now beside herself with terror. 'Away with them! Who sent for them ?' she cried. Then she checked herself. All was not yet lost. ' Where is Asma ?' she thought. Larby came back to the Mahdi's side. ' Your horse in not in the stable, my lord !' he said. At the same moment Asma returned to Rachel. 'The black boy has gone,' she whispered. 'No matter,' cried the Mahdi. 'Rachel, lead your maidens before him to the gate. Are you ready V ' What must be, must be,', thought Rachel. Then snatching a tambourine from one of the girls and laughing hysterically, she cried, 'Yes, ready ready !' 'The music! Strike up!' cried the Mahdi. He stood on the topmost step, snatched a torch from a bystander and held it high over his head. _, The crowd parted. Rachel took her place at the head of the girls. Omar stood waiting to follow her. With a terrible effort she tried to walk on jaun tily and play the tambourine that was in her hand. The girls struck up. Every body was stirring. At the next moment, with a wild scream, Rachael had fallen to the floor. Chapter VI. Ifc was night on the plains outside Fez. An Eastern town is dark when the day lias gone by. Only a pale streak of light in the sky hung over the city. Ifc went out as the night advanced. Omar's five hundred had been three days under the walls. The Mahdi's five thousand had arrived under the cover of the darkness. Their women and children lay in the tents that had been pitched behind. At midnight the army gathered noiselessly about the Mahdi's tent and re peated the Tatchan, the first prayer of the Koran. ' La havla wa la kowata ilia billdh el aaliel adlieem.' Then the Mahdi rose and said — ' Now to your tents, my people, be there until the hour before daybreak. Then at the voice of the Mooddin rise, form into line and march, each company at the call of its Kaid. No noise, no singing, no talking, no laughter, not a sound. Let everything be done in silence. We are now within gunshot of the city and have to take it by surprise. Remember, brothers, we are going home.' There were murmurs of joy among the people. 'Once there we shall lay down these arms for ever. So God give ua a safe re turn !' ' Ameen ! Ameen !' muttered the soldiers. Then they trooped off to the -tencs. The Mahdi was left in the com pany of his first followers. 'Asad!' he said, 'you are to watch the Bab ? ' 'Right, my lord,' said Asad, and he went out on that errand. 'Larby, you are to watch the Bab ? ' ' Right, Sidr,~' said Larby, and he fol lowed Asad. ' Boobker,' said the Mahdi, ' get a cordon round the city ; we don't know the gate from which Omar may signal.' 'Ifc shall be done, Mahdi,' said Boobker. 'Let there be scouts from every gate to the camp, and if a stranger crosses the line take him prisoner ; we can run no risks.' ' As you wish.' ' I shall not sleep to-night ; bring me word, whatever happens.' 'Good.' 'The night is dark. No moon, no stars ; heaven fights for us. It covers the sky with a pall that our tents may not be seen from the city walls. There in the darkness does God's face shine upon us still.' 'Yes,' said Boobker, 'all is well — thus far.' 'All will be well,' said the Mahdi. 'I know ifc! I feel ifc! You have no misgivings ?' Boobker answered doubtfully, 'Umph ! Misgivings are not; for me. I go to my post. God bless your morning, Mahdi,' and he went off with a shrug of the shoulders. 'Your morning be blessed !' answered the Mahdi. Fatima was near, and little Hosein was lying asleep on an upturned saddle. 'The air is chill,' said the Mahdi. 'Take the little one into the tent. Ah ! The brave little warrior ! He was to have fought with demons till daybreak. But see, he is overcome already. The gentle sleep has conquered him.' He lifted Hosein in his arms and kissed him, then passed him to his mother. 'Have you no misgivings, brother?' said Fatima. 'None!' said the Mahdi. 'God will ing and all men faithful we shall enter Fez with the dawn.' 'God give thee peace,' said Fatima, going towards the tent. 'And thou !' said the Mahdi; and Fatima and the child went in. Rachel was at the tent mouth. ' Then you do not fear treachery ?' she said ner vously. ' Why should I ?' said the Mahdi, in a confident tone. ' ' Treachery is like thiev ing — ifc must first be some one's hope to gain by ifc.' ' And is there no one to gain by the fall of the Mahdi ? ' said Rachel. He stretched out his arm. 'Look!' he said. ' Five thousand men lie in the tents around us, and as many women and children in the tents behind. They are waiting to return to their homes in yonder city. Treachery would injure me ; but it would hurt the traitor more.' 'You are right, Mohammed, ifc would hurt the traitor more,' said Rachel. Then she added, falteringly, ' Still, who knows, there may be some one ? ' ' None, my beloved,' said the MahdL ' They were true to me through hunger and thirst and defeat, and will they betray me now ? No ; not one in all that tea thousand has a soul so mean.' Rachel trembled and said in a breaking voice, 'Nevertheless, some man — some woman, perhaps.' ' Ah, no woman will betray me,' said the Mahdi. 'Yet women are treacherous from passion as well as greed,' said RacheL The Mahdi embraced her. ' Rachel,' he said ' there is only one woman in the world whose passion touches me, and she is nestling in my arms.' Rachel trembled yet more. 'Then you trust me, Mohammed 1' ' With all my heart, beloved.' 'And love me?' 'With all my soul.' Rachel began to weep. 'I can bear no more. Mohammed !' she said. 'What? crying again?' said the Mahdi. 'To think that the weak little woman who torments herself with these foolish fears was the glorious angel who stood by me in the storm !' Every word was as coals of fire to her. ' Mohammed, I have something to tell you,' she faltered. But the Mahdi was looking towards the walls. 'Stay; what light is this?' he said. 'One of the scouts returning?' Then he called 'Peace !' A voice outside answered, ' Peace !' ' Out with the light, man, out !' cried the Mahdi. ' The precaution is needless ; I bring bad news,' said the man, coming up. ' Boobker !' cried the Mahdi, in sur prise. 'Too late,' thought Rachel. ' Omar and Otba are prisoners in the Kasbah, and the 500 are in chains,' said Boobker. ' Who dares to say so ?' cried the Mahdi, with passion; 'tell him ifc is a He. God wouid not suffer it to come to pass.' ' It is true, Mohammed,' said Boob ker ; ' you are betrayed.' ' Betrayed 1 No, no ; I tell you no,' said the Mahdi. 'I tell you yes, Mohammed. Your cause is lost.' There was a sound of many voices approaching. 'What noise is that ?' said the Mahdi. ' They are bringing up the messenger of the betrayer,' said Boobker. 'Then it must be true,' the Mahdi muttered. 'He was riding your own horse, Mohammed,' said Boobker; 'the one you missed at Tadla. We captured him as he was coming out of the city by the Bab ? ' 'Who is it?' ' Your wife's black servant.' 'Mubarah?' The terrified black boy was brought up to the Mahdi's tent in the hands of Asad and Larby. Soldiers were behind, shout ing 'Kill him!' ' Who sent you ?' Asad demanded of the boy. 'I'll tell no more,' said the negro. ' The name of the man who sent you ?' said Asad, with' uplifted hand. ' Never,' said Mubarah. ' Torment will make his tongue wag. The thongs — where are they ! ' said Asad. The negro began to scream. 'No, no, not that. Don't torture me,' he cried. Then, seeing the Mahdi, he broke away from Asad and Larby and flung himself at the leader's feet, kissed his feet and the skirt of his kaftan and cried, ' Mercy, my lord, mercy ! I take refuge with God and with you. Save me and I will tell all. Send these men away and I will tell you everything. My lord, my lord ! Save me, save me, I beg, I beseech, I pray ! ' The soldiers were unmoved. They shouted for vengeance. 'Silence!' cried the Mahdi. He motioned the people away. The men went off slowly, all save Boobker. Rachel was still standing in the half darkness at the door of the tent. ' My boy,' said the Mahdi, gently, ' you have come out of Fez ? ' 'Yes, my lord, yes,' said Mubarah. ' You saw Omar arrested, and Ofcba sent to prison, and the five hundred soldiers put into chains ? ' 'Yes, yes, I will tell my lord every thing.' ' You took a message over to Fez ?' ' Yes, yes ; a letter — a letter to the Basha.' ' From someone in Tadla ?' ' Yes ; I will tell my lord everything — from someone in Tadla.' ' What man was ifc, my boy ?' 'No man at all, my lord. You see, I ara telling my lord everything.' ' Was ifc a woman ?' asked the Mahdi, with astonishment. ' Yes, master, a woman. See, I keep nothing back.' 'What woman, then?' said the Mahdi. Rachel was swaying the canvas of the tent in her agitation. When the black boy raised his head to answer he saw her for the first time. 'No, no; I cannot tell you that,' he said. The Mahdi had seen the direction of the boy's gaze. 'Speak, boy,' he said in an altered tone. ' You shall be safe. I will protect you. What woman was it?' The black boy struggled with himself and then cried ' Master, I dare not.' The Mahdi took the boy by the shoulder. 'There is a traitor in my camp,' he said sternly; 'I must; know who ifc is. What woman, boy ; what woman ?' 'Do not ask me, master,' cried the boy. 'What woman ?' repeated the Mahdi ; 'Tell me, I command you.' ' No,' said the boy, 'I will never tell you.' The Mahdi paused ; then with his face half turned to where Rachel stood, he said, ' I must give you back to the soldiers.' ' Oh, you won't do that, my lord ?' the boy pleaded. ' I must give you back to the soldiers, repeated the Mahdi. His eyes wandered ; he seemed to be waiting for an answer elsewhere. ' My lord, my master, my Sultan, you won't do that ; they will torture me. The thongs — think of ife. My lord will not give me back to the soldiers ! No, no, my lord, my Sultan ? ' The boy in his terror kissed the Mahdi's feet. ' Asad ! Larby !' cried the Mahdi. Asad and Larby were at his side in a moment. The boy clutched at the Mahdi's hand. ' Mercy ! mercy !' he cried. 'See, my lord shall kill me.' He tore open the breast of his jellab. 'Kill me, my lord, kill me !' Rachel had been in agony. She came between. ' Mohammed,' she said, 'let -the boy go. I can tell you the rest.' The Mahdi loosened the boy's grasp. 'At last ! Rachel !' he thought. ' Then ifc is true. O, God be gracious to my father ! Let me think. Let me think ? ' After a moment he saii, ' Soldiers, let the boy go free.' The negro kissed the hand of the Mahdi and went off, followed by Asad and Larby. ♦♦Boobker,' continued the Mahdi, ' wait within hail — I shall want you pre sently.' 'What did I say afc the beginning ?' thought Boobker. 'The pit! the pit !' Tile Mahdi stood some moments like a ram. in a trance. Rachel approached him meekly. ' Mohammed !' she said. 'What woman sent that letter ?' said the Mahdi sternly. ' Mahdi !' said Rachel, pleadingly. ' What woman sent that letter V said fche Mahdi more sternly. 'Husband ?' cried Rachel. 'What; woman sent; that letter?' thundered the MahdL 'J did,' said Rachel, overwhelmed with shame. 'God of grace and mercy!' cried the Mahdi. 'Was this what you meant to bell me ¥' ' Yes.' ' Was this the reason of your fears ?' 'Yes.' 'I see it all. Fool, to think that I was the only man your passion paltered with. There is another — Omar, my Eriend, my comrade, my successor.' ' Omar !' repeated Rachei in amaze ment.' ' You have never forgiven him,' said the Mahdi. 'He dishonoured you by deserting you a year ago. Your heart has not ceased to reproach him. You have sent him to his death. You have revenged yourself at last. Rachel trembled afc the error. The Mahdi did not yefc know the truth. He did nob yefc realise the depth of her treachery. ' What am I to say ?' she thought. 'The past was the past,' said the Mahdi. ' God himself had all but wipsd ifc out. You were not the mistress of Omar because you were the wife of his master. If Omar had wronged you, you were above him. Mercy becomes the great, and ifc would have been your glory fco forgive. But no, you must wait and watch for your revenge. You must keep your wounds green. You must remember your dishonor when all the world had forgotten ifc.' Rachel sank at his feet. ' God help me, what am I to say ?' The Mahdi laid hold of her hands with terrible anger. ' Confess it !' he cried in an awful voice. 'Ifc was to revenge yourself on Omar that you sent that letter ? Confess ifc ! On Omar, on Omar?' Rachel could bear ifc no longer. *' No, no, not on Omar,' she cried. 'Not on Omar?' said the Mahdi. 'Thenonwhom?' ?--. 'Yourself,' said Rachel. The Mahdi let go his hold of her. She fell face downwards at his feet. There was a terrible silence. 'Myself! Myself!' muttered the Mahdi. Rachel was sobbing audibly. 'The darkness makes me dizzy. Is there no light in heaven ? Myself ! My self ?' muttered the Mahdi. 'Have mercy! have mercy!' sobbed Rachel. The Mahdi recovered himself. 'When did you dispatch your message ?' he asked. 'Before Omar was chosen,' she an swered. ' Had you thought of it when you per suaded me to go with Ofcba ?' ' God forgive me ! I had.' 'Were you still thinking of ifc when you fainted in the mosque ?' 'Miserable woman, I was.' ' Was ifc the talk of Omar's succession that suggested it ?' 'Yes.' ' Did he know anything about ifc ?' ' No.' 'I have been blind,' said the Mahdi, out of the wretchedness of his soul. 'Blind, blind, blind! Not hatred of Omar bufc love of him inspired that letter. Oh, heart of woman ! who can read ifc ?' Rachel was still sobbing. '0, I was mad ? ' she began. Bufc he would not hear her. ' Mad ?' he cried, bitterly. 'May be, bufc you were no fool ; you were passing from master to servant, bufc you were making no sacrifice of your vanity to your love. You were changing your husband, not your rank. When you had compassed my death you were to be the wife of the Mahdi still. That was your thought; — deny ifc.' ' Forgive me, forgive me !' cried Rachel. ' ' And Omar ?' said the Mahdi. ' ' This treachery has not been yours only.' Rachel rose to her feet in alarm. 'Yes, yes,' she said. 'I thought him my besb friend,' said fche Mahdi ; 'he has been my worst enemy. I could have sworn to his truth ; but he is guilty, guilty, guilty.' ' No, no ; Omar is not to blame,' pro tested Rachel. The Mahdi laughed scornfully. 'Yes, yes, it's the old story — its a woman's ancient artifice to shield the guilty man. It's only the innocent one that she will sacrifice. But the trick has failed her this time.' ' Oh, hear me,' said Rachel. ' I alone have been guilty. Omar ? ' ' Omar has fallen into the trap that was meant for me,' said the Mahdi. 'Bufc that is not enough for my ven geance. He is a prisoner in fche Kasbah, that is only the punishment of his offence against the Basha. Bufc he has offended against my honor and he shall answer to me for his disloyalty and his sin.' He put his hand to his mouth and called ' Boobker, Boobker !' ' What are going to do ?' cried Rachel. 'Silence, woman,' said the Mahdi. ' What more is there to say ?' Boobker came back. The Mahdi said, ' Send the white flag fco the walls of the city. Call for fche Basha. Say the Mahdi sends 'Peace fco all believers,' and asks what hostage the city demands that ifc may deliver up fco him for one hour — to be delivered back to ifc dead or alive, Omar, son of Benani.' 'Good,' said Boobker, and went off on his errand. Rachel's sobs had deepened to groans of terror. The Mahdi tramped fco and fro in front of his tent. **' See what a wreck stands before you,' he said. ' I am the champion of woman in this land of the East. I call her man's equal, his com rade, his ally, his angel. In my camp she is free. She hides her face no rnore^ She is the slave of man no longer. What follows ? Myself, I, the leader, the Mahdi, fche prophet of woman, am by a woman the first to be betrayed. Oh, oh, oh !' Rachel came nervously to his side. ' Mohammed, husband, do not cast me utterly away,' she said, in a voice of deep emotion. ' Let me follow you and serve you. Whatever fate awaits you let me share it. I do not ask to be your wife. That is past — lost — forfeited. Let me be your servant, your handmaiden, your slave. Do not say no. Do not turn from me. I have been blind ; you have opened my eyes. Now I know where my love should lie ?' 'Love?' said the Mahdi, 'do you: talk of love to me again? Turn down that page of life for ever.' Boobker came back. 'What news? What hostage 1' cried the Mahdi. 'An impossible one, Mohammed,' said Boobker; **two of the nearest of kin fco the Mahdi and a thousand men.' 'They shall be sent,' said the Mahdi promptly. Then calling, ' Asad ! Larby !' Asad came up. ' A. thousand men to the city as hostages for Omar,' he said, and Asad saluted and when out Then calling again, ' Fatima ! Hosein 1* Fafcima came out of fche tent carrying' Hosein in her arms. She was wearing a woman's blanket over her head. The Mahdi embraced her. ' My sister,' he said tenderly, 'you are to go into Fez1 with Hosein as hostage for one hour. Have no fear. I will ransom you.' Then he kissed her forehead and took Hosein out; of her arms. ' My son, my warrior, my lion- hearted lad, now's your not say you would be the first fco enter Fez ! 'You shall, you shall ! Farewell I Unly for one hour. Farewell. . . . Yet you are the whole world to me now, all bhat I have left;, and must I deliver you into the hands of my enemies?' Then with a great struggle — ' Bufc I will ransom you ! As sure as I live I will ransom you I Farewell !' Kissing the boy passionately he went hurriedly into the tenfc. Fatima, half asleep, looked round fco Boobker. 'What does ib mean?' she said with fear. ' Mean ?' said Boobker scornfully. 'That another man has been betrayed by the beauty in a woman's face.' ' O, I knew she was false,' said Fatima. ' Bufc Fez — we are to go as hostages — hostages for what ? — for whom 1' '** 'For Omar,' said Boobker. 'Did I not tell you that there was a man to stand between them ?' 'We shall never return,' cried Fafcima. ' They will kill us. I dare not go. Oh, oh, oh.' She fainted and the blanket fell from her head. ' Fainted, poor child. Let me carry her in,' said Boobker. ' This is what ifc comes to, oh ! weak, strong, poor, rich, great, little Mahdi. Miserable is the man who builds his house on the deep pit that is a harlot's heart.' He carried Fatima back to the tent. Rachel was standing aside with her face covered by her hands. ' Cruel, cruel, false too ; yefc I deserve them all,' thought; Rachel. 'I have heated the furnace that burns myself. O, that I could atone for my misdeed. Is there no way left ? Heaven direcfc me, speak to me, for love's sake, speak ?' Little Hosein, who had been gathering up the blanket, saw Rachel and went over fco her. 'Rachel!' said little Hosein tugging at her dress. ' Little Hosein !' ' I was to have been the first to fight into Fez,' said the little fellow, stoutly ; ' the Mahdi said so — the very first. But mother has fainted and — and — and who is there fco take me now ?' ' Heaven has spoken !' thought Rachel. ' Call me mother, Hosein, and J will take you.' ' Will vou ?' said the boy, with glee. ' Yes, 'yes.' There was a voice outside the camp. ' Peace ! Peace !' 'The soldiers from Fez,' thought Rachel. She snatched Fatima's blanket out of Hosein's hands, covered her head and answered, ' Peace !' Two soldiers came up to the tent mouth. ' Fatima, sister of the Mahdi, and Hosein her son, where can we find them ?' they asked. Rachel lifted Hosein into her arms and answered, ' Here, here ; we are they !' Chapter VIL In the earliest light of morning a young man out of Fez came creeping, lamp in hand, towards the tents of the Mahdi. ' Aama,' he cried in whispers. The girl knew his voice and came out to him. ' O, Ofchman !' she cried, and they fell into each other's arms. 'Dearest heart! Sweet heart!' said Othman, ' Crying already 1 Bless her. Whafc's that for ?' 'Isn't ifc a whole year since I saw you ¥' said Asma, still crying lustily. 'She can't help it, being only a woman,' thought Ofchman, wiping his own eyes by stealth. 'Look afc me, I'm x not crying, am I ?' 'More shame for you,' said Asma. ' Hush, listen,' said Ofchman. 'Tin here on a dangerous mission, and I must: be back in the city like quicksticks. Where's the Mahdi ?' ' In his tent,' said Asma. 'Good,' said Othman. 'He thinks his cause is lost, bufc he'll conquer yefc. When Omar and your father came in disguise and were detected they were thrown into the Kasbah, and the Basha made me their jailor. 'Now's my chance,' I thought, 'to get my little Asma out of Ofchan.' ' 'Well, well?' 'Well, I puzzled and puzzled, and didn't know what to do.' ' Well, well ?' repeated Asma im patiently. ' Ifc wasn't well. I was driven to my wit's end.' 'That couldn't have been very far, Ofchman,' said Asma, with a saucy beat of her foot. 'Quicker, you laggard; if your wit wasn't quicker than your tongue no wonder it ran no great distance.' 'Ha ! ha ! ha ! Do you know, Asma, they say your greatgreafcgreatgreat grandfafcher was the best storyteller in, Morocco.' 'Do they? That accounts for my sudden liking for you,' said Asma. Well T 'Well,' said Othman, 'my chance came afc last — to-day — to-night — an hour ago. When the white flag arrived from the Mahdi the Basha said to his Kaid, ' Razor cut razor — treason cut treason — he tried to betray us, let us betray him.' Then he came for me. 'Ofchman,' he said, ' go off quickly to the Kaid. Tell him the Mahdi lies outside these walls, and ask him to send me four thousand men to-night, and we'll catch the rascal: like a rafc in a trap.' ' 'Well, well?' ' Well, then I went So your father in prison. ' Ofcha,' I whispered ' if I bring back four thousand of the Mahdi's men instead of the Raid's will you give me Asma?' 'Turn Mahdist,' he said, 'and I will.' 'I've been one all my hie,' E answered — that was a lie, but no matter.. 'Then it's done,' he cried, and here t am. Whafc's this ? Crying again ! Oh, this is a sweet world !' 'How can I help ifc, being only a woman ?' said Asma. ' ' I'll run and kiss; little Hosein — just for joy of the good news.' 'Wait, waifc, \waifc !' cried Ofchman^ 'If kissing will relieve your feelings^ couldn't you now ? ' 'Couldn't I— what?' 'Couldn't you kiss me instead ¥' said Othman, and he tipped up her chin and kissed her. . ' It was very clever of you to think -j{ .that* QtbmaW eaid Asma,, . . . 'What? The kissing?' *'No, the way to catch my father.' 'O, *t wasn't I that thought of it. It was th-- saints. Every morning I went to the saints' house and prayed, ' Holy saints show me how to win my little Asma.' ' 'But what will the saints say when they know you've told my father a lie ?' ' 0, well — omph — ' faltered Othman, ?€ fiie saints were flesh and blood them selves once, and loved some girl, I'll be bound, andso they'll havea fellow-feeling.' Then suddenly remembering his mission, 'But I must be off, Asma. Listen — Fve arranged everything but one thing, and now I've something for you to do.' 'Yes* Yes?' 'Watch, for a light on yonder wall. When yoc see it tell the Mahdi that the gates of Fez are open to him, and he may enter the crty without striking a blow.' ' O, the gocd, good news. Til just run and kiss lifle Hosein again.' ' No, don't,' said Othman. ' Pity to trouble him,' he said, kissing her again. ** Besides I saw him going off with his mother as Omar's hostage. Good-bye ! Good-bye '' As Othman returned to Fez he passed a guard of soldiers coining out with Omar. 'His daughter and her son, you say ?' said Omar. 'His daughter and her son,' said one of the soldiers. ' As for my hostages f ?* As for your hostages ?' ' Into that den of leopards ?' '« Into Fez, Sidi.' ' How he loves me !' said Omar. *? Fatima and little Hosein— why theyare es the apple of his eye. God's face shine on him for ever !' When they came within speech of the Mahdi he ran forward and kissed the hem of his selham. *' My dear master !' he ?cried. The Mahdi held him off. 'Not so quick, sir,' he said. ' Mahdi ?' cried Omar in astonishment. The Mahdi brushed past him to the soldiers. ' Have the hostages gone into the city V he asked. 'They have gone, Mahdi,' said the soldiers. ' Did they go willingly f ' Willingly, Mahdi.' ' And cheerfully f 'Cheerfully.' 'God bless them!' muttered the MahdL 'My Fatima 1 My little Hosein! They are all I have left.' Then aloud, ' Within an hour, that is the word, is is not ?' 'That is the word, Mahdi — within an hour,' said the soldier. ' Alive or dead ?' said the Mahdi with significant emphasis. ' Alive or dead,' said the soldier. 'Then leave your prisoner with me and come back when the time is up.' Then he added with still more significant emphasis, ' He will be ready.' The soidiers left them. Omar looked anxiously at the Mahdi in the light of the fire that now burnt at the cent mouth. 'The Mahdi is ill ; his eyes are swollen, his lips are white. Something has hap pened,' he said anxiously. 'You are right,' said the Mahdi, coldly. 'Something has happened. Approach. Nearer, man; make no more faces.' Omar came up with a bewildering look. ?* Master,' he cried again. ' That sword — where did you get it ?' said the Mahdi. ' From you, Mahdi,' said Omar, ' It is the sword you gave me at Tadla. O, it is a noble blade, as firm as friendship, and as true as love.' 'Give it back,' said the MahdL ' Mahdi !' said Omar. 'Give it back,' said the Mahdi, sternly. Omarunbuckled his sword and delivered it to the Mahdi, who flung it to the ground behind frim, ' That sash — where did it come from f ' said the Mahdi. 'From you, master,' said Omar. ' In the mosque on the night when I set out for Fez you commanded Rachel to gird it on me. It was the insignia of your trust of my honor.' ' Unfasten it,' said the MahdL After a moment's hesitation Omar un fastened his girdle and gave it to the Mahdi, who flung£ifc after the sword. ' That selham of green — how did you come by it ?' 'You commanded Rachel to clothe me with this also,' said Omar. ' It is the mantle of the MahdL I wear it as his proclaimed successor.' 'Take it off,'' said the MahdL Omar took off the selham reluctantly. The Mahdi held it in his hands a moment and said, 'Have you given back all I gave you ?' 'AIL' ' It is a lie,' cried the MahdL Omar fired up at last. ' Mohammed Abd-er-R&hman;,' be said. 'The trust I gave you — where is that ?' said the MahdL 'The faith, the confidence, the love I squandered upon you — where are they ?' ' What is this ? What have I done ?' said Omar with looks of wonder. 'What have you done? Borrowed fifty talents from me and brought me back these rags,' said the Mahdi, casting the 8efliam after the girdle. Omar braced himself up. 'Tell me what I have done,' he said. ' I demand to know it.' 'What have you done?' said the Mahdi hotly. 'Broken faith and become a villain.' Omar held himself under controL **To whom have I been faithless?' he asked. 'Ask your own heart,' said the MahdL ' It beats for your cause, Mohammed,' said Omar. 'Think of your treacheries.' ''They are only treacheries to your enemies.' 'Remember the pit you have fallen into.' ' Omar hesitated ; then he said, 'It is the pit that was meant for you.' The Mahdi laughed scornfully. ' So you know it,' he said. 'You know who has been your betrayer and mine.' Omar's expression changed. ' Ah, you need play the fool's face no longer. She has confessed everything.' 'Everything ¥' asked Omar, and i&ere; was a long silence. Omar covered his face in his shame. ' O, Omar, Omar,' cried the Mahdi, ' how I trusted you, how you lived in my inmost eovti', how you passed there unsus pected day by day.' Omar was moved. 'Ieould not com mand my heart,' he said. ' I tried to do it but I could not.' | The Mahdi did not hear him. ' But I trust and love are gone,' he cried. ' You have been the enemy in my heart's heart. You have wrecked my hopes in the hour of their fulfilment. You have made ashes of the expectations of my poor exiled people on the day when they were returning home. You have uncovered my nakedness and made me a thing to point the finger at. You have turned my heart to stone, and you shall giro me satisfaction to the fulL' In the torrent of his anger he laid hold of Omar by both shoulders. ** To your knees,' he cried and forced hi™ down. Omar made no resistance. ' Master, vxy lord,' he cried, ' cast me down to the .place from which you raised me, but let ane live — let me live to renew my trust,' ' You have lived too long already.' *' Give me one month.' 'I gave you twelve.' ' One week —one day !' ' Too late !' cried the Mahdi ; and lie jdrew his sword. ' Die, adulterer !' At that word Omar sprang to his feet irith terrible passion. ' Adulterer 1' he cried ; ' HIT me by what other name you will, but adulterer, no.' The Mahdi paused. ' Will you damn ?your soul as well ?' he said. ' Dare you .deny it at the judgment ?' 'Send me there,' cried Omar, *«i«4 as sure as the Lord lives I wnl witness against you.' The Mahdi's sword dropped in his hand and the point dragged on the ground. 'Omar never lied to me — never. But the very snare you have fallen into witnesses against you,' he said. 'I have fallen into no snare,' said Omar. 'My eyes were open when I walked into it.' 'What?' ' It is the truth,' said Omar. ' You have torn it from me, but it is the truth.' ' You knew that, treachery was afoot f Omar bowed his head. 'I knew that treachery was afoot.' ' And that it was meant forme ?' ' And that it was meant for you.' 'Knowing that, you took my place.' ' Knowing that, I took your place V ' Having no hope of the succession or of— her ?' ' Having no hope of the succession or of her.' 'Going to your death that I nright live ?' ' Going to my death that you might live.' The Mahdi seemed to gasp. 'Oh, my Godl' he muttered. 'I grow dizzy. My strength fails me. My knees can scarcely bear me up.' With a great struggle to restrain himself he dropped to his knees at Omar's feet. ' O, forgive me — forgive me !' he cried. Omar raised him up. ' Nay, master,' he said, 'if you have an enemy that is the place for him.' The Mahdi smote his breast. I have an enemy,' he cried, 'and he is here. Oh, Omar, Omar, I am the foolish blind man who slays his faithful dog and then walks forward to the precipice.' ' Come, come,' said Omar, ' dry your tears, my dear master. I am your ser vant stilL' ' My brother !' cried the MahdL %Mj brother indeed.' Then, in an altered tone, 'But your innocence only makes her guilt the blacker. She shall confess it before you.' He was stepping towards the tent when Omar interposed: ' Wait !' said Omar. ' She has done me no wrong. It is I that have injured her. The hate with which she followed you was meant for me.' ** You speak in riddles, brother,' said the MahdL Then he called ' Rachel !' ' Nay, not yet,' said Omar, lifting one hand before the Mahdi's face. ' Don't ask me to read my riddles, for they are the story of my crime.' ' Your crime !' ' She knows the truth at last — that it was I, not you, that killed her father.' ' You killed her father !' ' It was my secret, ' said Omar. ' She could not tell ifc. Forgive her, MahdL All she did was done in blindness. Her hate of you was blindness ; her love of me was only blindness, too. She can hate you no longer. She can love me no more. Now, call her.' The Mahdi paused ; he was perplexed ; then, with great emotion he called again, ' Rachel, Rachel !' / It was not Rachel but Fatima who came out of the tent. Boobker was with her. ' Fatima !' exclaimed the MahdL ' She fainted, and has just recovered,' said Boobker. 'Then who is it that has gone into Fez 1' They looked into each other's faces ' It must be she — Rachel, my love, my wife I' cried the Mahdi, and he fell sobbing on Omar's shoulder. The sky to the north-east was lighten ing. The voice of the Mooddin came from beyond the city walls, 'God is Christ.' 'Hark! The Mooddin ? Then the soldiers from Fez will be back soon,' said the MahdL ' I am ready,' said Omar. But the Mahdi was in agony. *' You shall not return,' he said. ' Remember Rachel and little Hosein, ' said Omar. ' Ah, my darlings ! Must I sacrifice them instead ? O God, lead me, give me light. I am helpless, I am blind.' Asadcame up with an anxious face. ' MahdL' he said, ' the camp is stirring, and there is dissatisfaction everywhere. The rumor goes that we are betrayed, and that you know the betrayer.' ' What am I to say 9 What ! What 1' thought the MahdL Larby came up hurriedly. 'Mahdi,' he cried, ' the people are demanding the betrayer ; what answer must we make ?' 'What answer? O God, what answer ?' thought the Mahdi, There were deep murmurs from the tents. A company of soldiers came up to the Mahdi's quarbers. 'MahdL,' said one of the soldiers, 'what of the promises you made us a year ago ?' ' Who brought us from our homes to lead us into this trap ?' said another. ' We have been fooled,' said a third. Others shouted 'The traitor! The traitor ! Give him up to us.' ' Silence, ingrates !' cried Omar. 'Stay, brother,' said the Mahdi, ' God's light comes to me at last.' Then turning to the soldiers, 'My poor people,' he said; 'you that have fol lowed me through victory and defeat, in hunger and thirst, and the want of all things, listen : On this spot my journey ends. The promises I made you I can never fulfiL I am fallen ; I am done.' There were deep murmurs among the soldiers. ' But it is I alone who am betrayed ; and I alone must bear the penalty. Your offence is mine, and mine only is your danger. Without me you are safe, un harmed and free.' The murmurs increased. ' What does he mean ?' said one. ' What will he do ?' said another. ' Fifteen hundred of your fellows are prisoners in Fez,' continued the Mahdi, 'and the price of their freedom is — myself. It shall be paid.' The people began to fall on their knees. ' Then no man will lust for your blood. Go where you will, return to your kindred, dream no more dreams, forget the heaven-blind days when you followed me — remember your Mahdi no more.' The soldiers were all on their knees by this time. Only the Mahdi remained standing. ' It is the cup of my humiliation and I can drain it to the dregs. You have thought me a god. It is enough to be a man. Farewell !' Omar was the first to leap to his feet. ' MahdL' he cried, ' I will follow you to the world's end.' 'And I,' cried Boobker. 'Through life or death.' 'Andl!' 'And II' 'Andl!' cried many voices at once, and again the soldiers were on their feet. At that moment Asma was seen to approach the MahdL 'See,' she cried, 'tie light ! The light on the walls ! See !' ' Well ?' said Omar. 'The gates of Fez are open,' said Asma. ' Othman has opened them. He was sent out for soldiers of the enemy, but he has opened the gates to «s.M ' Forward all !' cried Omar in a voice of thunder. The army of the Mahdi moved towards the walls of Fez. Chapter VIOL It was dawn in the courtyard of the Kasbah. The door to the Basha's apart ments was still closed. Othman had re turned in great excitement. 'That's all right,' he told himself. 4 ' But let me think, let me think. Have I done everything ? Been to the camp of the Mahdi when I was sent to the Basha of Thingamy — good. Saw my sweet little Asma — good. Kissed her — very good. Told her to watch for the light — just so. Fixed it myself on top of the Bab Toot— right. Got old Sweet tooth, the porter, to open the gate — right once more. Bribed Hamid, the jailor, liberated Otba, sent him to remove the fetters of the 1,500 prisoners as fast as the key will open them — just so, right, good again. Hulloa ! hulloa ! hulloa !' A little man came running through the courtyard. It was Jellalli the poet, and he was radiant. 'What! out of bed already?' said Othman. ' Out of bed ?' said Jellalli scornfully. 'Should think so, little brother. Wouldn't miss it for worlds.' ' Wouldn't miss what ?' said Othman. 'The sight of the Mahdi when he's brought in as a prisoner,' said Jellalli. ' What did he say long ago ?' — assuming a radiant air — ** ' People of Fez,' he said, ' you shall yet bend the knee to me as to a king sent down from heaven — you shalL by Allah !' Ha ! ha ! ha ! 'That was how he was to enter Fez when he came back to it. Ha ! ha ! ha !' and the poet laughed immoderately. 'Then to think how he will come back,' said Jellalli, rubbing his^ hands. ' Barefooted, half naked, riding a bony old donkey, and the criers crying beside him, * So shall it be done to everyone who is the brother of an ass !' Ha ! ha ! ha!' Jellalli could not restrain his laughter. Othman joined him. *' Ha 2 ha j ha ! Funnv, isn't it ?' cried Othman. ' Funny ?' said JellallL ' I believe it will be the death of him.' 'I believe it will,' thought Othman. ' A petticoat hung round his neck, ' said Jellalli, indicating hanging, 'just to show that he tied himself to a woman's apron strings, and got his head entangled in them. Ha ! ha ! ha ! He'll be a sight for the saints.' ' He will, he will,' said Othman. ' It would be a pity to send hfrn to prison,' said Jellalli, still bursting with laughter; 'he should be kept in the Sultan's museum as a standing cure for the spleen. Fll go there myself.' 'You shall, you shall,' thought Othman. ' Oh, I've arranged it all,' said Jellalli expansively; 'when he comes in on his donkey I'll ride out on my horse. Oh, his envy will explode with spite ? ' Jellalli stopped suddenly. There were sounds of music and cheering at the city gates. 'What's that noise?' said the poet uneasily. Otba came behind him at the moment, slapped him on the back, and answered, ' The Mahdi on his donkey, of course.' ' What do you say ?' said the poet. The music and cheering increased. Othman began to mimic JellallL ' Oh, he'll be a sight for the saints. Come, let's go out to meet him.' ' Who ? If stammered the poet. ' Yes, you,' said Othman. His envy will explode with spite.' 'It would be my greatest pleasure in life, but — but ? ' stammered Jellalli. Otba laid hold of him. 'Then come on, little fire-eater,' he said. Othman dragged him also and cried ' He'll be a standing cure for the spleen — come alongl' ' It would be my greatest pleasure in life,' repeated Jellalli, ' but— but— ' Othman began to beat him. ' You won't come ? Then take that and that and that — for a liar and a cheat.' ** And that too,' said Otba, ' you slave of sin,' tearing off his fez and leaving him with a bare polL ' And mind you don't catch cold.' ' And that,' cried Othman, tossing the poet's jellab over his head, 'just for a petticoat round your head.' Jellalli fled away, a ridiculous figure. ' And mind you get your wife's apron strings ready for your neck — you'll want them soon,' called Othman after him. Some minutes afterwards Jonas the Jew came knocking tit the door of the Basha's apartment. 'Basha! My lord Basha ! Basha !' he cried in a voice' of fear. ' Who's there ?' said the Basha, half opening the door. 'It's I,' said Jonas, 'our men have betrayed us. The Mahdi has entered the city. The people m the streets are flock ing to him like sheep. It's 'The Mahdi' here, ? The Mahdi' there, * The Mahdi' everywhere. The prisoners areat liberty. Our guard have laid down their arms. We can't hold out an hour. Quick — we must fly.' The Basha hesitated. 'Let me fetch my money first,' he said. 'No time for that. You'll be lost,' said the Jew. 'Come then — this way — down the sewers,' said the Basha, drawing his hood over his head. The sunrise was gilding the minarets of the mosques as the Mahdi returned to Fez. Women with uncovered faces crowded the housetops. Men and boys thronged the streets. The startled town was awake from end to side. A line of girls playing tambourines met the Mahdi near to the gate and went before him as he walked. There were shouting and cheering, and the ' Coo — o— oo' that is the hurrah of the East. The Basha had gone. Fez, the last stronghold of the Sultan, had fallen. The Sultan himself had fled into the mountains. His power was at an end. As the Mahdi passed through the streets the people knelt to him. He touched the heads of some as a sign of forgiveness, and waved his hand to others as an answer to their salutations. His triumph was their triumph, the triumph of people, . the triumph of woman, the triumph of the West over the East. It was also the conquest of Morocco for the Moors. Otba and Othman walked before him waving long staffs and crying — ' Room for my lord, room, room ?' Boobker walked behind. Fatima and Asma walked be hind Boobker. When he reached the Sok el F&ki; the morning sun dipped down to him. The concourse there was very great. He walked slowly, smiling and saluting until they came to the house with the balcony. Then he stopped for a moment. It had been the scene of his greatest humilia tion. It was now the scene of bis greatest conquest. Little Hosein came running out. The Mahdi stooped and touched the boy's fore head with his lips. A moment later Hachel came after him with downcast eyes. She tried to kneel to the MahdL but he took her into his arms and kissed ber. The girls played ; the women on the housetops made their ululation ; the men on the market place shouted their welcome. All was happiness and re 'joicing. One of the Mahdi's followers was not there. Omar had taken himself away. He was seen no more in Morocco. 