THE OLD PIANO. T BY Mas. M. L. BasEs. It stcol in the show window of a large music store on a much-frequented avenue, the and as its extreme old age and uglin as were a:centuated by a price mark, some of as the paescre.by paused to insepct the valo- r able ruin. " Papa, did they make ougly littlefrighls us of pianos like that for people to play on 7?" n asked a happy childof her 3oung father. hi "Not in my day, child," answered the lt father, gently amused. of "Is that h, thing mygrandmotherplayed od when she was young ?" asked a graceless e him. "Your grandmother was not born when that thing was made, boy," retorted the en grandfather diedainfully. of No one admired the ancient outlawed ll thing that was jeered at for its awkward. H ness, and it stood there alone of its kind, stiff and clumsy, showing through its cracked cost ef veneer all the landmarks d of time, the pitiful helplersress of age. 1 Preeertly a quaint old woman with a ro basket on her arm hobbled up to the cc I window. In earlier days she had been known as a "character," now she was s shunned as a crank. Her drets-if such r it cooul be called-was the rage of a gentlewoman. Her face resembled those t porcelain lamps in which a rose lightt burns. Bunt her light had gone out, leaving Sa ash colour. When she saw the old piano with its yellow ksjs set far apart like the sentinel teeth of age, she clasped hbar shrivelled hands and gave a great Pt cry. " Where did they fnd it ? and bow dare in they exhinit it here ? When I saw It last w 'twas in grandfather's room with the fall clock and iho old barmonium. It was old, eld then. I used to llay fir the poor old Pi man whin I was home from school-that I was before I ran sway with handsome f Lrry. Ab, me, ab, me, there is some tiing wrong here "-she tapped her head lightly-" it's all wrong-a mad world, m7 masters." Then-she laughed sbrilly, and the crowd l f cheroed her good- homoredly. "It won't ep.ak fir you, but I can r make it sing-listen I' she shrilled. L The crowd made way for her to enter tl the store and the dealer, thinking to ad. vertise his antique possession, helped the ' o little old woman up into the window and a seated her before the old piano as it she a bad been a prima donna. g Seltiohnese, my brothers. It is at the a root of many a kindly action in this world, bat then--" a Tinkle-tinkle-tinkle. The sounds pro. c n duced from those yellow keys were not h d as musical as a shtep b.ll's jang!e,but the crowd laughed and cheered, acd the frail s of fingers-it was said they had done the i' business for handsome lairy, but that R was when she was mad-struck a chtrJ, 18 aid " Auld Lang Syne" floated out in a weird melody that wa_ full of passion and pain, and the sobbing of the loneliness of Ife. Then a pause and the accustomed d fingers etr.ck an air of the past, and a a mornfully swest voice song the words of an old love sorg : d " Once you said you loved me dearly." The people whispered to e;ch other that she had been a great musician in her I r. day and pressed forward to hear her and as -no one smiled. "I'll buy that old piano," said a gruff 1 ivoice, " it's got more music to the square inch thin any of your new-fangled inatru [ ? me?s-it's got a soul in it, so it has." I I " Did they tell you I was false, Harry '0o darling ?" She sang the old song through, and broke off to give them " Bonaparte Cross log the Alps." They could hear the very tramp of the martial feet as her fingers struck the loose keys that responded with I their last thrill of harmony to her com at pelling touch. ' It's a trick to esll the piano--th music-dle.ltr stands in with her-but she and the old instrument are mates," said a man in the crowd. "Aye," answered his friend ; "like re those bird-whistles the street fakirs a:ll no one ever can make such music out ef as them as those fellows do. It's one of the oe tricks of the trade." Toe all woman turned a white, tired face on them. "'' (;hosts, ghosts, all of ye e: bat this is real," and she touched the keJs, that an. ay swered with a plaintive air. 'Mid," they whisper d to each other. But the music she played held them spell t bound. It was the cry tf the homeless, the doeolate, voiced like a prayer. 3Mon ta tok of their hats and bowel their heads ; women robb:d. Tne music b'cmue a caut--s requiem : r "There's no place like home, d There's no place liko hone, Home, sweet, sweet home." S As the lut note died away, the singsr kid h.r head on the keys, and--did not in lilt it again. r " This piano is sold," said the dealer, as d he stepped to hid shaw.window and h dropped the curtain. S 1nrs DE Pink : "I am amatst, sir, that you sd hould propose to my daughter. Why, she its jast out of boarding.school, and you have re a)t known her a week." 0) Young Man (t smart fellow): "True, as madams, but I nave known you for scme oe time, and everybody says yoar daughtuer e- take alter you." "That young widow Fliuon is quite a , dashing cresture, don't you think I' "I , guess you are right She dashed my hopee Smoat effectually when I asked her to marry me " S " Glorious I Old fellow, so her her father " said yes when you asked him " " Yes." r," "How did you put the question P'" " Asked o' him if he had any objection to me." Lyers--" What was your idea in getting vet vacinated on your rheumatic arm P' ? Saller--"Economy of pain. It coulin't a make the arm hurt worse than it did al. e, ready." a Little Efliie (who has stroked the kitten until sho has begun to purr)-" Maudis, do il you hear that P' Sister Maud-" Hear what, Effle F" Effie-" Why, I do believe kitty's boiling." Sympathetoo Widow-" Have you been fortunate in your love affairs P" Interest Sir.g subject-" Yes, very. I never yet fel . in lore with a girl who would marry me." He-" What about those new neighbours e you called on to-day P" She-" Well, they 'r said they had come to the village to avoid uy society and begged me to call often." or- Tramp-" Say, governor, you wanter get a medal from the hummane society " all Gentleman-" Through you F" Tramp d " Yes. Give me a dollar and you'll save both our lives." 