Sia HENRY PAEKES. The "veteran statesman" can certainly not complain of the critics of bis own side. Herald and Telegraph this morning discover something akin to a new development of deity. There is in and about him " a dignity of view " (which seems to us a phrase , diffi cult to understand), a grace and force of language, and all in all some thing akin to the majesty of " the statue solid set and moulded in colossal calm'1 whereof the poet speaks; Tho difficulty with people who heard Sir Heniiy Parices at St. Leonards last night, :or who to-day take the .trouble even '.to. read the condensed reports of his speech, . will be to understand what tho morn ing journals are talking about,. Is there " dignity of view," or is there anything even approximating a states manlike breadth- in the slander of the proteotiyo' poiidy ' of 'the Government which the discredited lender does not scruple to make. . The Customs. Duties Bill " has added about .a million per annum to the revenue without either, stimulating' trade or increasing pro ductivity !" No man khotVs better than Sir Heniiy Parices that suoli a statement '.is ' false and foul. The small measure of protection we have been permitted to enjoy has been the means of' bringing an' additional quarter of a million of acres under the plough, of, keeping a modicum of life in Litligow, and- of encouraging and stimulating whatever manufacture its influence has touched. Possibly wo could not reasonably expect either Sir Henry Parices oiv his. critics to be fair and honest on the fiscal question. They are iri the condition of color-blind folks in that matter, and cannot be just, oven if honestly disposed. What, however, can wo say to the statesman who, speaking out of the fulness of knowledge possessed by Sir Henry Parices, brings up such thread bare charges as corrupt exercise of patronago and unnecessary gad ding about the country against his opponents 1 It is a matter very well known to all men cognisant with tho conduct of public 'affair's that no harder working Minister; than Sir George Dibbs lias over sat on. the Treasury benches. And when Sir Henry Parices talks of extravagance, in the dis- bursal of public moneys does he utterly forgot tho magnificence of a certain bedchamber fitted up for a certain Premier in tho rosy, palmy days when silver and gold were not of much account? Are little incidents also in connection with purchases of Aurora vases, and of various works of art whoso authenticity was by competent authority regarded as by no means equivocal, to be left utterly with forgotten things? We would very willingly leave them so, for, there is neither pleasure nor ad vantage in degrading public men, but when without foundation of fact-, and in the absence of any quoted instance, Sir Henry Parices begins to sling mud with the avidity of any, creature of the gutters it is justifiable and necessary to lift the curtain of his own record and disclose the man as ho is. The badinage — Ihere would be more excuse if it could be put down as beery badinage — about Lyne's rat- trap for the taking of weak-kneed members, and the crowd of broken- down jockeys who hang about the "stable Government," must also,: we suppose, be taken as statesmanlike utterances, and as of that style of public oratory which should bo set up as a model. To ..-impartial- 'minds the bulk of the address was scurrilous and abusive, and utterly lacking in that: careful" mar shalling pf.facts.wliich should . precedd, and camalbner justify .idir'eot .personal, attack. 1 But if it be admitted that the attack was in vain, and that Sir Henry failed as , conspicuously in his attempt to besmirch his opponents' reputations as to ' ooridemn their policy, what was there of a constructive sort or in the way of reasonable proposal to com mend the ancient statesman to the ; public ? His Pederal business, it may be admitted, .was worked for all it was ' worth, but most signs of the times indi cate that Mr. Edmund Barton, rather than Sir Henry Parkes, is accepted as the exponent of the Federal idea. He with the desire of Australian union joins always the necessity of a reason able protection, and only with a stout bulwark of protection will federation over be acceptable to Australia; Brother matters, by no means in significant, Sir Henry Parkes seeuis' blind or paralysed. Wo look in vain through this: much belauded address for' any symptom -of-.' interest' in such matters as land legislation, or the control of, national finance. Yet it seems to most earnest students of the times that our future inust very largely dopend ori our present dealing with those great matters.", They would come right somehow wd are to sup pose ' if once the wizard wand of Sir Henry were permitted to wave. But j that is just wlmt a .majority i of' folks V can't, -persuade them- ! selves either to suppose 'or to "believe. Facts , speak too plainly and painfully . of the results in this sort of previous Parkes .Administra tions. To borrow money and to sell land and talk about tho piping times of free-trade was easy and- pleasant work while it lasted, but unfortunately some three years ago it was found thao all possi'bil ity of 1 ' tliat 'sort had ceased; j The old Parkes. system of untbrift ! went on, and as revenues were not forthcoming deficits piled up to such an appalling extent, that the Dibbs Ministry, coming into power were faced by an empty treasury and an army of clamoring creditors. The story of how they restored the equilibrium and re-established the colony's credit is tiie plain tale (which- Utterly puts down ".nil Sir . Henby'Paiikes's "irresponsible slnriders. : From" stale jokes and contemptible gibes, uhicli give all point and., doubtful piquancy . to a generally tedious address, tho public, desiring to judge and to choose, have but to turn to the record of actual ac complished fncts. A very brief glance into that realm will be con vincing as to tho folly of any swopping of the liorso wo have for the creature which offers; "Wo are still fairly, deep in tho stream of difficulty, and have need of good1 fighting 'power , arid com petent generalship. And'how much of either is .promised by, the utterance which must have perplexed and con founded the" ex-Premier's; ' best friends in St. Leonards last night ? It .was another chapter of the .Kin. ma Ghost and Slattery Crow series, and will with them" be remembered ' ns un generous arid unstatcsmanlike, but still fairly indicative, perhaps, of the true nature of the man. 