THE CHRISTMAS SEASOI. The Shows iu the Shops. A Trip to Mp. Mark Foy's. - Shortly after tea the other evening a Star man was strolling down King-atreet enjoying a smoke when he met his friend Smith. I could only conolude (writes tho scribe) from his appearance that ho had met with some dire calamity. In answer to my sympathetic shake ho told mo his tale of woo— he had. lose the family list of intended purohuses with which ho had been outrusted. ... .... . "Oh, hang it; never mind that trifle ; come and have a drink, and we will fix up something.?' " What were. the items ; have you any idea of oven a few of the things 1" " There were boots ; but'I don't know whether they "were for Mrs. S. ortho girlB or tho boys, or for all tho family arid thoir friends." . " Anything else ?" "A lot' of drapery stuff, dresses, pins, frills, linen, cotton, and' goodness' knows what besides." ' " Any. Xmas things ?" "By jove, yes, I forgot. I say, old follow, just stick by me, aud we'll buy half the things in some shop, and we must come out all square." "Right you aro ; let's drink to the success of the expedition." ' _ A few minutes later saw a hard- worked reporter, and a bachelor at that, engaged in sponding his one night' off in tho week on a shopping cruise with a woll- to-do head of a family; Where to go was a bit of a worry, as Smith didn't have tho ghost of an idea, and I had less. However, the good angel who has the oare of drunken men and babies in baud, when they fall down stairs, was on the, look-out for us, and as wo strolled through Hydo Park the few thousand aeres glares of light from the shop fronts of Mark Foy's solved the difficulty. " Hang it," 1 said, " if you can't fix up here," as wo glanced in the windows with their wealth of women's stuff, hats, feathers and other things, and a regular fairy 'scene of Xmas presents, &o.;, "I'm off" "No you are not; this is just whatT want ; wo can't go wrong. Hero, you take the confounded business. Order what you like," he said as we movod in to the buzzing .beehivo with the thousand or so people who were apparently testing tho staying capa bilities of the entrance porches. " All right, my boy, I'll soon fix yon up,"' .1 gasped, as a bevy of ladies compressed my slim body against the doorpost, .. " Wo will get the boots out of hand first, and then work up with tho other apparel," I oxplaiued to Smith, as I felt my courage equal, to tho occasion, when the shopman addressed mo and asked mo what sizes I .would require for the family. Several choice pairs of boots, a few webs of stuff for dress suits, an assortment of hats, braces, self-acting buttons and button boles, braces and pants, shirts, coats, and things, fixed Smith up so that ho glowed with delight. By this time I notiood that Smith and I wero exciting some attention. Now you .will have to tackle the stuff for tho women folk. What will you ask for ?'' whispered Smith. . " Oh, anything." . A polite Rnd pretty shop-girl gave us all the information than she knew or thought requisite, and all was plain sailing in our collection of gros da grain polonaises, pulsa stuff, chateaux friezes, hair- nets, skirting tuckers, flounces set in morvelleiux, gentle zephyrs, crushed Btrawbctry with dash of ventre de gris, oyelone oIuth;with gold insor- tion, silvergrio on surah of watered silk, hairpins, 'buttons, needles nnd.. such like mysteries of ladies' toiIet9, best laid gold and. silver cables, platinum thread with diamond fringes, and a few other items which will readily occur to the gontle sex. Smith stood with wide-open eyes and admiring face as I manfully ordered the things. Just then Mr. Mark Foy came along, aud after watching operations for soma time I remarked that it was needless to ask him how was business, as there were hundrods of poople crowding in. I asked him how he had got on during his trip round the world, but he Bhook his head and said that life was too short to explain snch a trifle to me. Bmicn in the meantime had made good use of his time, end I had to repudiate a fow rather largo orders. We proceeded on onr tour, arid I really got tired of fixing up for Smith and his women' folk. We visited numberless coun- tors stacked with all the goods imaginable; and a relay of trucks aod men being at our disposal we laid in a freight consisting of looking-glasses, a fow of the picturoB from the Italian collection, bedsteads, purses, hand bags, chenille baskets (in repousse), crockery, p'umicestone in choice designs, nail brushes and other furnitura that Smith will have to explain all about. . We wore shown tables rigged out with a lot of- things painted and otherwise, and Smith nearly assessed thoir value by almost falling over (wo of them and smashing she contents. Next wo had a look at some chipped tea eggshells, in select Maulton, and dollar saucers, at 50 guineas the set.- The whole .set waB guaranteed to hold six toaspoonsful of liquid. However, wo relieved our fears by purchasing the lot. They woro hand, painted. Among other articles wo Btudied wero Cindorellas, dolls, hammooks, bats, flying fish, Xmas cards, embossed stationery, Kannabooks, toys, sacnts, blankets, swan's- down, moire antique, floorcloth, stair-rods, pens and ink, colored sails, curtains, toys, albums, fans set with diamonds, ostrioh feathers iu green aud gold, and a few other items that it would take up yards of spaoe to print. It took some considerable time to unload, the purchases when Smith got homo, but he told me afterwards that, nothing, was miss- . ing, aud that tho goods gave imuieriso satis faction, and after ail tho prices wore wondorfnllylow. He means to have a merry Christmas. I should think bo ought to. 