ENTERTAINMENT IN THE MASONIC SAIL. ON Friday evening the Masonic Hall was troll filled by an appreciative and attentive audience on the occasion of the production of a series of tableaux vivants, interspersed with songs, given by members of the Church of Eng land, assisted by friends, in aid of the bazaar fund. The entertainment had been for some time in preparation, as was evidenced by the careful and finished manner in which the tableaux wore staged. Some of the pictures presented were copies of photographs and works of art, while several original scenes were designod by Miss E. Wilson and Mrs. J. H. Smith. The entertainment commenced with a piano forte solo, the "Fairy Queen" galop, played with spirit by Master Bertio Glover; the tableau which followed, " Picture-land," prettily represented various nursery tales, the different characters being represented by Blossio Elliott, Aynsley Elliott, Emma Orbell, Elsie Ferguson, Tottie Wilkinson, Ruby Wilkin son, Mildred Mackenzie, Beatrice Flummer, Mabel Mackenzie, Elsie Steele, Laura Smith, Horry and Cissie Day, Bertha Fitz- Gerald, Daisy Tibbits, Harold Taylor, Daisy Wilson, Arthur Orboll, Daphne Kitchen, Harold Border, Gorty Sturrock, Edie and Maude Cameron, and Ivo Hives. Mr. Geo. Hooper fol lowed with Pinsuti's "Last Watch," which he gave in his usual ex cellent style. The next tableau was divided into two scenes, and was called "Over the Garden Wall," Mr. E. Howe and Mr. J. Elliott sustaining the characters. A sone, " The Swiss Toy Girl" (Hyde), followed, very nicely rendered by little Miss Laura Smith, in costume. " Japanese Fan Dancers " vrero next dopioted by Miss Barton and Miss Heaydon, in charac teristic attitudes. The succeeding tableau, " Five o'clock tea," displayed three little ladies-Misses Elliott, Sturrock, and Mackenzie-indulging in the cup 1 hat cheors. Miss Pcchey, who was down on the programme for Tosti's "Good bye," sang F. H. Cowen's " Thj Gift" pleasingly, and was accompanied by Miss E. Pechey. The tableau which was next shown, " A pleasant interruption," revealed Mr. P. Smith and Mr. R. W. Jell playing at chesB, the pleasant interruption being the arrival of Miss F. Butler with refreshments. " Mo Loves 'Oo !" was the title of the next scene, in which little Miss Brownlow was discovered admiring her reflection in a mirror. Dr. Tresidder then sang Hope Temple's "An Old Garden" with great ex pression and faultless intonation, and in response to a decided encore gave his favourite " Oh, whore's my girl?" from " Hip Van Winkle." Mrs. Tresidder accompanied the doctor. The next tableau was entitled " Hypatia and Philamon," Hypatia being represented by Miss Pechey. and Philamon by Mr. Mellanby Dunn. Mrs. Chrystal was down for the next item, but Arch deacon Wilson explained that that lady was unable to be present, and Miss Line kindly filled the gap. Tliis lady made her first appearance before a Dubbo audience at the Orange celebration a fortnight ago, and made a most favourable impression on her hearers. The audience on Friday evening were equally impressed, and showed their appreciation of Miss Line's singingof Pontet's " Vision" by a hearty oncore, to which the lady responded with Packer's " Listen ing." The next tableau was entitled " Home they brought her warrior dead!" in which the characters were represented by Miss Ethel Tibbits, Miss Samuels, Miss Amy Brown, the Misses Brownlow (2), and Messrs. T. Cameron, R. Pateinan, J. Heano, jun., andOrbell. The second part opened with a piano forte solo by Miss Baxter. Then [ followed a tableau, " Pay Toll!" in which a gallant (Mr. Walter Brown) was eeen demanding a kiss from a rustic beauty (Miss Eva Wilson), as toll for assisting her over a stile. "The Tar's Farewell" was next sung by Mr. E. N. Cadden. The succeed ing tableau was divided into six scones, and was entitled "Love at first sight; or, the hasty wedding," Miss Alice Cameron and Mr. P. C. Tibbits sustaining the two characters. Mrs. J. H. Smith kindly filled another blank on the programme caused by Mrs. Clirystal's unavoidable absence, and saug " The Arab's farewell to his steed." " The Guardian Angel" was the title of what must be described as the best tableau of the evening; in this Miss Purvis, as the watchful spirit, stood guard over a cradle containing a sleeping child (Miss Grace Brownlow). Miss Lino, who was down on the programme for Reich ardt's "Thou art so near," substituted Denza's "If thou didst love mo," singing it with much feeling, and deliglitingthoaudience. "Gentlewomen of the old aud now school," a tableau in two scenes, represented the old formal style of love-making contrasted with the more modern method ; Miss S. Barton and Mr. M. Dunn figured in the former, while the characters in the latter scene were sustained by Miss Miller and Mr. B. N. Cadden. " Liberty Enlightening the World," a representation of the famous statue at the entrance to New York Harbour, showed Miss Grace Brown as Liberty, holding an electric lamp. Miss Barton, in costume, next sang a very quaint and taking ditty, "Oyucha San," being assisted by a chorus at the wings. Tho nest tableau, " The Vestal," revealed Miss Linda Hives dressed in robes of pure white, supporting a dove on her outstretched hand. Miss Pecliey gave tho touching recitation "Papa's letter" in a manner worthy of the words. Tho final tableau, entitled " A Tableaux Rohearsal," displayed all those who had taken part in the entertainment grouped together on the stage. Before this scene Archdeacon Wilson, in a brief speech, thanked all those who had worked so earnestly to bring the entertainment to a successful issue, and also thanked. tlieir attendance. Great praise is due to$ in the production of the £. Wilson made an indefatigable 8tii%*j manager; the lighting, wliich was capitally managed, was in the hands of Mr. E. S. Wilson and Mr. W. Nicholls; 'while Mr. E. W. Soane had charge of the scenic arrangements-no light task, there being no less than fifteen changes during tho evening. On Miss Wilson fell the principal bur den of the accompaniments. The fact that the whole entertainment was a complete success must be gratifying to those who devoted so much time ana energy to bring about that desired end. The following account of a recent entertainment at Mudgee may bo interesting1, and serve as a hint for a future evening's amusement here: " After the intermission a sories of living waxworks wore capitally shown, creating no small amount of amuse ment. Mr. Heath, of the A.J.S. Bank, was the showman, and did his part with considerable effect. Messrs. Bowdon and I. Cox made a capital couple of black " boys," whose duties in dusting, oiling, and winding up the figures wore carried out with much vigour and fun. The first waxworks was supposed to represent "Mrs. Allen's Hair Restorer," and Mr. 0. E. Norris, as an old woman, wore an unruffled face as the virtues of this nostrum were extolled and his history traced. Being wound up, he mechanically eombod out his tresses. " Buffalo Bill" was next, Mr. W. H. Lester in kneeboots, wideawake hat, with flowing wig, and armed to the teeth, being a good figure, and going through his movements with splendid regularity. Little Miss Nellie Meares was perfect in "Little Miss Muffett," her appearance and working being excellent. Tho hard-hearted butcher, whose history is related in the poem " Mary had a little lamb," was impersonated by Mr. H. S. Thomas, got up to the life, and mechanically slashing at tho ghost of the lamb which haunted him. Mis Hilda Cox as a skipping girl was one of tho best of the evening. Mr. "Jack" Mac Donald as a "Miner" was very good, and as the "Milkmaid" Miss Loneragon quite brought down the houso, her get up, deportment, and appearance leaving nothing wanted. But tho funniest of the evening was the mechanical "Scarecrow" (Mr. F. C. Campbell) which literally couvulsed the audience. This alone was worth turning out to see. 