THE N OVELIST. [ECorvanr.] - TALM MUD; A Strange Narrative of Cen tral Australia. FOUNDED ON NATURAL FACTS, BY IVAN DEXTER. CHAITI'ER XXIV., TIHE ST'RANOGt JOUtRNEiY. "M?y guide pointed to one of the smaller recesses," continued the nar rator, "and signified that he desired me to bathe, and I gladly availed my self of the luxury, for such indeed it was to nuc. It might be expected that in such a place the temperature would - have bheit very low, but I did not feel it chilly. Whether it was that my body had hect ale accustomed to tile sur roundinus, or that the cold surtface winds we, e excluded, I don't know, but both that and the many thousands I aftcrwards had were always delicious. " Speaking of temperature, I may say that during the ten years I lived in this place I never experienced varia tions of sllotier or winter such as is Inmet with overground." "i)o you mean to say you lived under.,round for ten years ?" Mrs. Mills asked; lifting up her eyes in amIazelenlt. " 'es, that is about the time I was with this strange and wonderful people I aIn telling you about. As well as I can judge I must have gone under ground in March, 18 i, and I. was foutnd by my friends here a few days before Christmas, 1870, so that I was actually nine years and nine months hliing below the surface of the earth." " It was no wonder you pointed downwards when we asked you where )ou camitlC e froni,' Stanley interjected. " I had rquite forgotten my own Ian guitage, though not the signs by which to convey it," catne the answer. " As sool as the bath was over my mute guide denoted to me by signs, which I cimold now readily understand, that he wis:hed to show ime more of the subterrainean world in which we moved, and I followed him, upwards from the fountain. " Going back to what I may now call my habitation-that is the screen or unroofed tent--my compl)anion mno tioned mec to wait. In a few minutes lie returned witi a parcel, which I alter wa.rds found was food, ana then he set olT due west. We passed round the lake oil the opposite shore to the one fromt which I first viewed it, and from the tlndmarks and the distance tra velled I concluded that it could not be less than :lseven: miles across. 'this I found : hsilltilently was a fair measure mernt for the great basin of fresh water. After passing the la':e our route lay in an upward direction, and I wondered what new experience I was about to en oulnter. " The light in places was very dim, but in others it shone out with startling brilliancy. The radiance from these latter placts penetrated long distances, and I rightly concluded they were a sort of light distibuting stations. The first chan:e I got I examined one of themi, but as I could not get an ex planatiton from, the guide 1 did not thoroughly gti.sp how they worked, or on what principle they were based. " It was plain enough that the chaiu hers or concaved walls, as the case might be, were composed of crystals or highiy polished stones of various colors so contoured as to catch the light in gigantiic concave reflections which radi.teid towards curiously formed con vex walls or arches. The first glance was :uftiicient to show that the work re quitetl inot only enormous labor but no ,:itonnn amount of skill and knowledge in the science of optics. " I believe we must have walked at least ten miles through interminable passages, chambers and caverns before I began to have an inkling of what was to be shown. I was coming into vege- I tation." "Vegetation underground?" Mills interrupted. " Yes, vegetation underground -and most luxuriant veget tioin, too, I can assure you. Gradually the rocky floor gave way to soft earth, and as we pro ceeded pale greetn--almost approach ing white-stalks were met with. " This time we had been going up a gradual ascent for nearly a mile, when without warning we came to a level pilatcati stretching away for miles. In a!l my life neither in the old land, ,Amterica, or in this country, have I ever seen so fertile a field. '" \Where thie rank growth was not too high I could .,ce that, numbers of people werre es:nagud at agricultural work. Wa king on to where a rocky wall seat ted to bound the northern ipart, I was .:niible that the plateau was not a dead 1l:-el, but sloped towards the east. In that direction I fancied I distin-1 guished t gleam of genuine sunshine, I for it partly blinded me. The plain nwas nIot nearly so well lighted as thie great lake, and consequently the vegetable growth, luxuriant as it was, was uni formly white. " When we rceached the western or high side I could observe that num berless streamns ran from it and irri gated the whole area. "I had not been long in the field, for such I may call it, whenl I becatme Ssensible that tihe atmosphlere was much warmer tlan the regions we had left. For a long time I was unable to account for this, but I afterwards found out the cause and it gave me perpetual uneasi ness." I "What was it?"' asked Strinley. "You will hear direttl)'. 'When I examiled the growing crops I found thley clonsisted of different sorts of plantts and herbs. A quantity grew like asparagus, whlilst other vegetables llt ,e in miind of celry,. The stalks were quite white and they were soft and r palatable. Some of the taller growths resembled blanched maize-stalks, whilst rice was also noticeable in the wetter I portions. In the most lightsome portions I was greatly interested in a tree not unlike the cocoanut-palm, but the fruit though as large as a cocoanut was perfectly t soft. Indeed I was quite bewildered with what I saw, for its appearance was I quite peculiar. . " Imagine a farm stricken with the curse of death and all its productions transformed into ghostly forms. You t may laugh at the idea of a vegetable t ghost, but all the plants and shrubs IF saw in that place gave me the idea of a 1 spectral existence. I plucked some of the plants and eat them to see if they I were material, but though I found them excellent food I could not shake t off the idea which possessed me in that respect. "On the south side we came to a clearing in which a few screens were erected, and I thought at the time they I were for the use of some of the per- I manent residents. I afterwards dis- I covered that no one lived regularly in I the field and that the men and women only worked for two or three hours I daily in it. I could well believe this for the temperature was like all oven, and I marvelled much how it should be I so. " Both my guide and I felt the heat, and, after a hasty meal in one of the tents-which were used by the work men occasionally-we made our way to the exit. So far as I could see there was no other way out of the field, and i I was correct in thinking so. The road by which we came was the one used for carrying the produce away, and I be lieve the great field could grow food for two or three thousand vegetarians. I As a matter of fact it did so. " On going out of the heated at mosphere I experienced a distinct re lief and was glad to follow my guide back to the little town which I began to see was the centre of the community. The bath was the first place sought, and afier the ablution I was led back to my quarters and more food sent. There was no lack of salt at the place, and I soon after saw where it was obtained. " For more than a week I did not again leave the town ; but my guide was constantly with me, attd I saw he was desirous of teaching me his language. He would pioint to an object and then repeat its name much the same as people living over ground might do, and I would speak the word after. Go ing amongst the people, too, 1 began to acquire a rude knowledge of the strange language, and as gradually lost my own. "After this I spent fully six months going out almost daily with the fisher mtan on the lake or walking about the little town with my guide. I many times during this period saw the chief, and after a time was able to exchange a few words with him. " "Here I may mention the new name 'Talntud 'seas given to nme by the chief, the idea evidently being that I was to represent the 'book' used by them to convey to the civilized world, of which he seemed to know only by tradition, a full knowledge of the inner workings of his strange people. " As well as I can compute it must have been six months after my advent to the subterranean town that my com panion, whom I had learned to call ' Anscra,' which was the best way I could pronounce his name, informed me by word and gesture that we were going on a rather long journey. Food sufficient for at least two days was packed up, and the two of us set off. Our route for a considerable distance lay along the road we had previously taken to the plantation. I recognised it at once, and it was really strange how simple it was to find one's way through winding passages a;nd caverns after being on'tce along them." " It did not appear very simple to us in that confounded labyrinth we got into on leaving that horrible valley," Stanley remarked. "The reason that I was helpless there is that I was never through them with my eyes open," returned O'Mal Icy. " But you knew a portion of the pas sage. You rememtber you wanted us to go down the right tunnel at first," an swered Strangway. " Yes. I knew that part, and later on you will hear the reason I did not have a knowledge of the other pas sages. "As we camte near the part where the steep ascent began," continued O'Malley, resuming his narrative, "Anscra turned off sharply to the right down a narrow way I had not previously noticed. This led downwards and was very narrow and comparatively gloomy. 1 daresay had I gone down it when first I joined the underground community it would have scemued utterly dark to me, and probablly that was the reason the journey was so long delayed. " I mighlt say that in the six months I my eyes must have suited themselves to thle different light, for in that period I could see more than twice as far as when I first entered. For instance 1 could Ssee right across the big lake-a distance of seven miles-thlough wheln I first behleld it two miles was the limtit of nty " \Ve proceeded downwards for four or five hundred yards, and then the pas sage bec:ame level but just as gloomy as ever. For a long way we now walked in silence, until at length we came to a particularly rugged part of the passage. This was somewhat remarkable, for it was the first timne I had seen any of the walks thlat were not perfectly smooth and regular. \Ve were on a road that wa'srapparently little used, and I could niot quite understand it. At first I thlought my companion was leading tme to the burial place of the underground community; but I at once cqnsidere'l that a road along which dead bodies had.to bIe carried would be kept its the h pt possible repair and well lighted also. - S'.\s we stumbled along in the seti dt Intecss I fucdeed I could occasionally hear a strange n?oise like the sigh of a mighty giant. At last my guide halted and sat down on a terrace rock. He produced the food, and we both cat heartily for we had come many miles and the exertion was great. I tried to elicit from him where our destination was, but he only pointed ahead and said nothing that could enlighten me on the point. ' Stretching himself out on the rock, he signified for me to do the same, and for two hours or more we silently rested. As I lay, with all around quiet and the sound of our footfalls not echoing on the rocky passage, I could quite dis tinctly hear the muttered breathings or gasps which had first attracted my at tention. Though I listened carefully I could not find a clue to them, and at last gave up the labour of guessing. I confess, 'or the first time since I had en tered the place, I felt a little frightened. Only that I had full confidence in my guide I would have been greatly alarmed. "At last Anscra arose and resumed the journey. I could now understand his reason for recuperating, for as we proceeded the road became much worse than it had been. " After an hour of this arduous travel the passage broadened out and we were able to make better progress. Twice we came out into large spaces, the floors of which were covered with fan tastic-shaped rocks. A passage led from the second of these chambers or caverns, and as we entered it I caught sight of a peculiar red glow at the cud which startled me." " All! we know what you are com ing to now," ejaculated Stanley. " I scarcely think you do," responded O'Malley, with a smile. "Oh, yes we do; it is not likely we should so quickly forget the red chanm her we saw in o5ur underground ram bles," returned Strangway. "I should think not," added Stanley with a self-satisfied smile. "Well, have your opinion, gentle men," went on O'Malley. "As I was just saying a queer red glow caught my eyes. The great exertion I had under gone made me feel uncomfortably warm, and as I hastened after Anscra I was perspiring slightly. He had reached the end of the passage before I overtook him, and when I got to his side and looked in the direction whence the glow came a thrilling sight burst upon me." " Yes; it is well worth seeing, I must admit," interjected Strangway. " I looked for a full minute before I could comprehend it, but I did ntct need the eloquence of the fierce heat which beat upon me'to realise what I was looking ulon." " Fierce heat ?" queried Stanley and Strangway in the same breath. " Yes, fierce heat, I repeat. What I saw before mle was masses of rock which glowed dully red, and from which in a few small places jets of steam hissed out and were swallowed up almost imlnediately by the intense heat. -It was really the interior of a partially extinct volcano which I saw, and the view was a tremendous one. It seemed to me that about a quarter of a mile from where I stood the rocks began to change color, until at a dis tance of half-a-mile they were a dull red with the heat. Above them was a cone-shaped vault at least two hundred feet in height,'and this carried the heat upwards or it would not have been pos sible to approach the spot we stood at. "We must have been seven or eight hundred feet below the summit of the hill, and the heat would almost lose it self penetrating such a distance. I could, however, now understand what caused the warm atmosphere in the underground plantation which, though a considerable distance away, must re ceive a portion of the permeating heat. In a few words Anscra explained to me that my supposition in that respect was correct. "The heat was so great that we could not long endure it, but I re imained long enough to grasp the dread beauty of the spectacle. Rocks thou sands of tons in weight were glowing like rubies, and in places the crimson rocks were heaped together in gigantic and fantastic forms. letween them were spaces like huge 'glory holes' in a glassblower's factory, and the light flickered and scintillated like one often sees when watching an criber in a fire, though, of course, on a colossal scale. "AAnscra had often seen the place before and probably did not appreciate its beauties, as lie soon turned away and I followed. "As I turned away I felt that at any moment a catastrophe might take place that would overwhelm the underground commuuity. If by any means a stream of water should find its way into that glowing mass a tremendous explosion would be the result. If so the convul sion of nature s\\. ou.tl ini all Irobahility destroy thiose sts;t,_ ;," -,.t., · : , had been so kind t L: the bulk of them wus the slubribi;;ug vulsion which: body of w(t., !, rocks woull ':l.. most curtainry aly ,., for a conisid-lcu:?? ways at work wevia, e........ :,,r it self, and who kno '-, I thluiht, how soon one of these subtesrrlnecan streams might niot precipitate itself into the volcano. "These were the reflectionus which filled my mind as I stumbled over tile rocks after Anscra, amid I sincerelyi wished that I had not been enlightened on the point. From that time forth I was never lierfectly contented in mIy new life, though previously I accepted mny lot with resignation." "I have not heard that there are any volcanoes in Central Australia," Mills interrupted at this point. " Oh, yes, there are a number of ex tinct ones, according to nearly every explorer," Stanley remarked. " In some fewy instances signs of a quite recent upheavel ihave bldn )it; ticed- and, indeed, smokle or steam was observed by ,Wexford's party," sup hplemented Strangway. 2' Ip (-ro Ur CoeNrrLtNUD .) 