A SHORT RKETCR OF THE LIFE OF HENRY KENDALL. [BY AN ADMIREB ] As yet, literature has not played a promin ent part in the history of Australia, and we must look to the future to bring forth men who will shine forth as beacon lights. But there are two or three who have already arisen from amongst us who have gained for them selves a little of that Fame for which all, councinuely or uonconsciously, are striving. One, to whom we may look with pride as a very sweet singer of sngs, is Henry Kendall, who, alas ~ has now gone beyond the censure or praise of the critic. Born near Shoalhaven, New South, Wales, his was a singalarly pain ful life; and, when reviewing in, we scarce can wonder at the gloomy tone which pervades most of his lyrical poems. Even in his child hood, it was his lot to feel the sting of poverty, and he seems all his life to have lived onder a eloud. His poems are, in thleir eolouring, strictly local, and it would be well if those who are aspirants for the laurel wreath would imitae him in this respect. He seems to be a thorough master of rthym, and in the melody of his verses we seem to hear the rush of the fooded torrent, thie sweep of the wind through the wattle groves, or the ceaseless moarmur of the waterfall. We can almoest see the wierd scene before us when he tells how " Thle gums in the guIly stand gloomy and stark, A torrent ecside them is leaping, And the wind goes about like a ghost in the dark, Where a chief of Wahibbi lies sleeping. Silenoce draws back to the forest again, And the wind,.liko a wayfarer, sleeps on the plain, But the cheeks of a warrior bleach in the rain. Oh ! where are thy mourners, Kooroora !" What could be more beautiful than this little extract from a poem, "The River and the Bill," which was so fortunate as to be quoted in the Athenseum. "' And they shook their sweetness out in their sleep On the brink of that beautiful stream, But it wandered along, with a wearisome song, Like a lover that walks in a dream. So the roses blew When the winds went through The moonlight so white and so still, But the river it beat All night at the feet Of a cold and flinty hill, Of a hard and senseless hill." "I said, We have often showered our loves Upon something as dry as the dust And the faith that is crost, and the hearts that arolost. Oh !l how can we wittingly trust: Like the stream which flows And wails as it goes Throngh the moonlight, so white and so still To beat and to beat All night at the feet Of a cold and flinty hill, Of a hard and senseless hill V" Very touching is his rendering of the catastrophe of Burke's expedition; and in the last stanMa he tells us how we must "Rite and sing their praises. O ye bards with soala of fire, For the peoples voice shall echo through the wailinga of your lyre, And will welcome back their comrade, though our eyes with tears be blind At the thought of promise perished, and the shadow left behind. Now the leaves are bleaching o'er them-now the gales above them glide. Bet the end was all accomplished, and their fame is far and wide, Though this fadeless glory cannot hide a grateful nation's grief, And their laurels have been blended with the gloomy cypress wreath. ' Let them rest where they have laboured, bIab my country mourn and moan; We mnst build with human sorrow grander monuments than stone. Let them rest, for oh ! remember, that in long hereafter time ] Sons ot science oft shall wander o'er tha solitary clime. Cities bright shall rise above it; ageand beauty there shall stray. And the Fathers of the people, pointing to the grave shall say, 'Here they fell, the glorious martyrs ! when these plains were woodlands deep;. Here a friend-a brother laid them; here the wild men came to weep.'" These short extracts serve to show that Kendall had the soul of a true poet, and, had he lived, many gems of thought mnight have issued from him ; but we often know, by hitter experience, that " W'hom the gods love die young." To quote from his own poem on the poet Harpur, "As the under-currents sigh beneath the sur face of a river, The music of humanity dwells in his forest psalms forever. And now he sleeps--the tired bard The deepest sleep; and lo It proffer These tender leaves of my regard With hands that falter as they offer. 