PLAYS AND PLAYERS. Mr Henry Irving brought his brilliant i ight weeks' season at Abbey's Theatre, New York, to a conclusion on Saturday, 30th of December. The success of the present American tour exceeds that of all Mr Irving's I previous visits, and the average receipts per e Sweek have been the largest received. A tour weeks' season at Boston was to follow, and subsequently Philadelphia, Washington, a I Toronto and Montreal were to be visited. A I Sreturn to England will probably be made o about the end of March. o L Miss Olga Nethersole has for the present c t relinquished the idea of obtaining the Avenue e Theatre for the production of a new comedy d Sentitled the Transgreesor. The piece, how- ? ever, would, it was expected, probably be u staged at the Court Theatre about the end of g t Janary under the stage maunaemontoftMr Hugh Moss, who has been specially engaged b by MissNethorsole. As the lady is under- a stood to have good financial support, her u venture will be launched under the best ans- b E pioes. I SMiss Addie Conyers is playing the part of. P SRobin Hood in the Manchester pantomime, a and is spoken of as looking a model hero of romance and being able to give plen-.y of - point to her lines and to the musical numbers b Sallotted to her. b Billie Barlow has scored a big sucess in a the pantomime at Birmingham, where she p made her first appearance in the recent t Christmas pantomime of Red Ridiog Hood, I playing the part of Boy Blue. t At the Canterbury Music Hall, London, I there is a " talking horse," by name a Mahomet. The creature, a fine, beautifully o developed dark brown horse just seven years [ ot age, and standing about fourteen hands, a is alleged to be so sagacious that he can tell t the present-Greenwich mean time, how often A a maiden likes to be kissed, and many other I odaities. . Mr Albert Chevalier, the famous coster a Ssinger, has written a sketch entitled Pay the n Piper, somewhat on the lines of. the Pied Piper, save that after charming the children away, the reward in the sketch, the hand of t the Mayor's daughter is not denied him a d second tine, and the children are piped ri back. r One of the attractions of the nammolh d showin London, called Olympia, is the per- ci formance of a serpentine dance by Midlle. 'I Sandowa, in a cage with four lions. Tho curtain ries on a presumably, North African landscape;' and slawly the boards of the stage disappear, and in their place rises a hune cage with the lions inside. After the ci animals are put through a performance If by their trainer, the lights are turnrd down, and the limelight is thrown on the cage, in which Nldlle. Sandowa goes n through the now familiar serpentine dance. The lions are said to be somewhat uneasy during the constant changing of light, and on one occasion a lioness made a savage spring at the dancer, who for a moment was driven u up against the bars. The trainer, however, a quickly came to her aid, the lioness was a driven back to her place, and the dance re- n anmed. t Among the latest London novelties is the ( Baby Barber, lately on exhibition at the Royal Aquarium. Miss Wick, who is making a name and fame for herself in the h way of shaving, is described as a child b having light fla=cn hair and innocent b!ueo eyes, and being dressed in a pink frock, with a white socks and neat black shoos. Her re cord performance appears to have been the I shaving of five men in four minutes thirty eight seconds. 0 biss Eden Terry, according to an 1 Ame:ican interviewer, prefers comedy to a r tragedy, but Mr Irving's taste is the reverse, e and, as he is manager, naturally, as a rule, h Shas Lis own way in the selection of pieces. li I According to Miss Terry, "Americans ( Sthink nothing too good for their wivea, whilst English husbands do not." Analysed Sclosely, this remark would seem to leave the Sadvantage with the Englishman, although such was not apparently Miss Terry's inten Stion when communicating her views to an SAmerican interviewer. SMr J. C. Wiiianmonisto meet Mrs Brown SPotter's agent at Colombo, and if mutually e satisfactory arrangements can be made, Mrs a Potter and Mr Bellow will revisit Sydney and Melbourne during the autumn of the present 1 I year. SOwing to the change of Viceroys at India, ethe social season there has been a particularly r a brilliant and protracted one, and the Potter Bellow Company are likely to prolong their Sseason at the Corinthian Theatre, Calcutta. Madame Sterling's predeliction for public speaking was pretty well evidenced during Sher visit here, but recently this lady, who has Smade her name and money by singing in T public, declared at the Royal Victoria Hall f P that she would far sooner speak than sing. i Mrs Stewart, better known as Bilie a SBarlow, intends making a world's tour in a 1895, which willinclude Cape Town, Johan Snesberg, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Sydney. The return journey will be made via Japan, China and India. p Since the close of the Sydney Lyceum panto mime, Miss Nellie Stewart has been paying a a visit to the Blue Mountains. S Mr Hamilton Clarke, should he return to Victoria, will hardly expectto be what may a be called popular at Collingwood. In the a course of his recent lecture, entitled " Two 5 Years Music in Australia, he is re . ported to have said that the Victorian d Orchestra were often called on to play at a various shows, for instance at " Collingwood 7 a miniature and vastlyinferior Whiteohapol,'' a and where, after a concert, the performers had d to wade across a sloppy cricket field to enjoy I* the hospitality of the mayor who shouted 't "drinks all round," and with shirt sleeves Srolled up welcomed them with the speech that t "he was glad to see 'em, he was." S Although the leoturewas smart and caustic, * Mr Clarke, nevertheless, paid a genuine a tribute to the Liedertafels in Australia, and stated that the Melbourne and Metropolitan 4 Liedertafels in Victoria were equal, if not Ssuperior, to the best societies of a similar d nature in England. On the 17tIh December, Sydney, son of e. Lionel Brough, was married at Christ k Church, Bloomsbury, London, to Lizzie, daughterof T\illiam Shakespeare Webster. y During the last year the Sydney Lieder tafel produced two cantatar, and but few new classical pieces. This has recantly formed the subject of discussion among the members, and the imputation of pandering to, in place of checking, thetaste for second-rate mnsic made against the selection committee. y On Saturday, Gth January, Mir Hare was 'a announced tore openthe Garriok Theatre with '' anew play by Mlr Sydney Grundy, entitled ie An Old Jew, in which Mr G. \V. Ansonhas Id a part. Particular secrecy has been observed id in regard to this new piece, concerning which ill very little has transpired, Mr Hare, it ap. ie pears, having expressed a desire for the pre a ser-ation of the closest secrecy, his company having loyally observed his wishes, and hence no particulars In advance have been made r, public. n Mr J. F. Sheridan made his appearance with the Little Christopher Columbus Com. . pany at the Lyric Theatre,London, on the 27th ie December last, on the occasion of the 71st 3 representation of the piece and thiproduotion >r of a second edition. The authors have written up the previously unimportant character of a the Second Mrs Block for Mr Sheridan, weo n is noticed as appearing at his beat in the re S presentation of Irish widows. lir Sheridani has a capital song in Columbus was a Famous Man, and a most amusing duet, The Sisters Giggle, with Mr Lonnen. The Pollard Juvenile Company have been Splym Aladdin, La Mascotte, andi the Gon dollers at Hobart. a The Waterloo Cyolorama at Adelaide has Li recently added an attractive illusion entitled e Napoleon's Ghost. d As instancing the dearth of engagements even for actors and actresses of universally recognised merit, it may be mentioned that Miss Henrietta Watson, who is included in the cast of Round the World, at the Lyceum Theatre, has, since the Terry season . in Melbourne, badbut one short engagement f' -Dora, in the Brough and Bouoicault revival of Diplomacy. WYhen an actress of Miss Watson's popularity and standing has per force to remain idle so long, one scarcely likes to speculate as to what has been the fate of less prominent performers. Ik Mr W. B. Warner, a comedian whose be ability has not received the general recog. nition undoubtedly deserved, seems to be now coming to the fore. Recently he was engaged to sing several coster songs at a ad Government House party, and during the a- pastweek he has been singing at the Con. Ms tinental Concerts at Adelaide. n Mr Thornton, so it is reported, offered an of engagement with",his company to a bel bo bourne amateur whose performance in the on part of the Lord Chancellor in an amateur by prodnotion of Iolanthe he witnessed and se recognised the merit of. As the gentlemanin ii question, however, has attained to a good in positon in the business in which he has been tr, for some time engaged, it is unlikely that MMr in Thornton's offer, complimentary as it in, will be accepted. 