1 A Traveller's Note Book. No. XVUL. iGoHmuudA :?: There i6 one yerj commendable featore about the best' American Hotels. Tie dining-rooms «ftd kitchens are nearly always : at the top *pi the building. Con seqaenfly, there ie no smell of cooking in the lower parts of tbe noose, and the place rwhere one dines is always fresh and airy, and often has a fine view over the city and surrounding country. I believe that . one newly-built hotel in Sydney has adopted : this, most rational and desirable arrangement. Of course one never walks tip or down stairs in America. There are lifts, or « elevators ' as they call them, every where, with a boy in constant charge; and you are whisked from the ground to the top €oor at a furious, speed. At the door of the dining-room a negro meets you, and takes your liat and coat and stick. The memories that tness men possess Terge on the marvellous. As you come away your property is instantly picked out from tiie long line/ with unerring accuracy. ~ Sometimes, ia a crowded restaurant, I have seen perhaps a couple of hundred different headgear banging on pegs. The negro will quietly pick out your particular hat tn a moment, though he has never seen you before.-' One 'other thing. You are not allowed to choose your own seats at table. The head waiter, meets you at the door, and calmly pilots you down the ro»m to where you are to sit. Yon have no voice in the matter. ' Your's not to reason why.' You must just sit where he tells you. Ninety per cent of the cooks and waiters in the towns of America are gentlemen of colour. In the smaller places, I be lieve, women do this work. The black man makes a delightful servant. He is so quiet, and attentive, and accurate, and anxious that you should feel quite at home. You are not expected to 'tip' him as you have to do in England, though if you offer him a ' quarter ' he will pocket it with a broad smile, a long glitter of white teeth, and a gracious ' Thank yon, sah !' When you arrive at an hotel you state whether you are going to stay on the ((|American' or the' European' plan. The former means that you are to pay a fixed daily sum tor everything the hotel can offer yob. The latter, that you pay so much for your bedroom, and separately for any meals you take in the place. As a rule American hotels are ex pensive, but you get your : money's worth. In New York you pay any thing from 12s. up to 40s. or 50s. a day. Ia smaller cities the rates are somewhat lower, while in famous hotels such as the 'Palace ' at San Francisco, the ' Iroquois ' at Buffalo, ' Ponce de Leon11 at St. Augustine, you have to pay still heavier. In making calcula tions for an American journey, it would be wise to reckon on paying an hotel bill of abont 20s. a day on the average. No. XIX. In America ' hair dressing ' and ' barbering ' are among the fine arts. No one speaks about a barber's shop there. They are ' Tonsorial Saloons,' or ' Tonsorial Palaces,' or yeu pay a 'quarter' (cue shilling) for a shave, and twice that sum for being shorn. If you are luxuriously inclined, voh hare a ' dry ' shampoo, or a ' sea-foam ' shampoo. There are many other develop ments of the art, differing largely in details, but agreeing in two chief particulars, elaboration and expensive ness. The saloons ar« worthy of the name. Marble floors, huge mirrors, bright plated fittings, and an infinity of clean white, cloths and well-groomed attendants. I daresay its all right, but the simple minded man would rather pay sixpence for an uncomplicated operation, than three «r four shillings for an hoar's uncertainty as to what is going to happen mext. Most of the good hotels have their own tOBSorial saloons in the basement. Along one side of the hall are Tanged a number of elevated thrones. If yon waut your boots cleaned yon mount on one of these, and sit there reading a paper while two slaves black your bootB, and polish them til) they shine again. One man brushes each boot,. aud so the business is quickly done. Moreover, one of these boot-cleaniog arrangements is panted at nearly every street corner. They are elevated a couple of feet or so from the pavement so that the operator may do his work conveniently. For the first few days in New York my boots never got cleaned at all. Being a modest man, in n. foreign laud, I did not care to place myself in so prominent a position on the cross-roads. But I had to give in at last. There was n« getting it done otherwise. Even if you stay with a friend in America you don't get your boots cleaned in the house. You must go out into the streets and pay sixpence. My readers will thus see that the American principle is applied even to so trivial a matter as boot cleaning. You pay heavily, but the .work is better done than anvwhere else 'in creation.' In your bedroom there are uncomfor table warnings about fire. Over the head of your bed there hangs an electric bell. In case afire breaks out, you are told that this bell will at once begin to ring, and that ft will continue ringing until you are safely out of the room. If your escape by the door is cut off there is a balcony outside the window, with staircase leading to the next lowest balcony, and so down to the ground. Such precautions are really necessary where the buildings are of sogreat height. Everyone has seen pictures of the famous high buiidiugs in Chicago and elsewhere,; the Masonic Temple, for in stance. I dare not say how many floors there are in the highest building in America. Somewhere between twenty and thirty, and nearer the latter than the former.' My readers would never believe me, so I ' won't .commit myself. Of course stone or brick could never be used for such edifices. Anyone of a mathematical turn of mind can calculate what thickness of Vail would be required near the ground to support so great a weight. Builders go to work as follows : — First they ? raise a huge -skeleton of wrought metal. The outer wails, the floors, the inner partitions are aU formed of strong steel bajs and girders, Th^s met $f cihfl i: work is ; £nished ontrighttl and then, as far as actual building is concerned', ihenutise iis finished. - Affer wards, just for appearance sake, a thiii shell of colored brick or daborately carved stone is stuck on the outside. : r Do my readers remember the story *£- the Scotchman who was once staying in . New York ? His Yankee friends Vowed ~ that no Scotchman could ever see a joke. , He asked them to test him. One' of them told hint of the high houses in Chicago, some of them so ; high that it takes ' two Moks^ to see to the top of them. Not the ghost of a smile was to be seen on Sandy's face. ' Ah ! I said you «ould not appreciate a joke 1' exclaimed Jonathan. ' Why, man,' replied Sandy, ' that's not a joke, that's a lie/ - ? , ; ., Houses built after this fashion are none too warm in winter, and perhaps! tills is why the Americans crowd their ; rooms and churches, and railway-cars with stoves. There are plenty of windows and ventilators everywhere, 5 bat people dou't use them. They pile on as ms^ceai as the stove will ' burnv This is iwj^ally troublesome when one is traveMag by railway. Max O'Rell says :— ' As soon as you enter the cars; ; yoa feel the need of taking off your ; wraps, for the temperature is genenO j hovering about the eighties. If you' open your window you will see. yonjf' fellow-travellers turn up their coat collars, and get down their furs and shawls, and you will hear energetic ? grumblings, which will give ybu to: ' understand that you are turning your self into a public calamity. As to the ventilators, they are under the manage ment of the car conductor, and if that gentleman is not too warm, you may gasp: and faint before getting any relief from him. If you succeed in getting him to open one or two ventilators, lie soon comes along again to close them. Even in the morning, after 20 or 30 people have passed the night in the oar, it is quite difficult to get the ventilators opened a few minutes to change the air.' It is just as bad in the public rooms of the hotels. They seem to have an unwholesome dread of fresh air. [To be coniinued.\ ?????? 