1THE IVIYSTERY OF CLEMENT DUTNRAVEN. BY "JEAN MIDDLEMAS, Author of "A Girl in a Thousand," "Touch and Go.' "Sealed by a Kiss." " Br Fair Means." etc. W R PIERICE OPAUUQIAk AND 119 ZUULS0EEL SAW EACHI OTHER AS IN FULL DAT. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS COTATERS. enpraTRS I. A-,s PAnT or I.-Sir Louis Dunraven -at Aboyne Court, has two nephews, Clement Dan raven and Pierce Vaughan. The baronet wishes the former to marry Lady Gertrude Vorschoyle, and makes it a condition of him leaving him his property that he should propose to her at once. Iho consents, but with a secret sorrow. Pierce Vaughan who is in love with Gertrude, determines that he will discover the secret of hs cousiu, and accidentally finds a note in the following terms: I"Dearest Clem.-Thanks for your darling note. I will meet you at the usual plao on Tuesday at dusk-- BETA." CHAPTER II.-(COcrTnbuED.) The first individual to whom Clement spoke, after he had paid his devoirs to Lady Maroa, .wab his unole. "I am late," he said, "but if you know the canse you would not blame me." " Bah !" answered the old man, pettishly, aCyon have alwaya some trifling excuse. To night's proposal is the first consideration in the world-foryou.' - Thus snubbed, Clement did not make any confidences, always supposing he had had the intention of doing so. He only bent his head, and walked away with an expression on his face that scarcely proclaimed a happy lover. He made the circuit of the room with a measured tread, bowed to several acquain tanees as he passed them, and finally found himself at the side of Lady Gertrude Vers * hoyle, who blushed scarlet as she gave him her hand, much to othe annoyance of Pierce SVaughan, whose dance was just about to ibeoin. For anotlher quarter of an hour until that gallop was ended, Clement must wait, then she would give him the next dance. It was free, perhaps she had been keeping it for him -it was the supper valse. Pierce Vaughan scarcely bad a fascinating or interesting partner, for Lady Gertrude did anot appear to understand what he was saying, Sand and answered him so vaguely and wildl 'trhat he could have imagined that she had suddenly gone demented, had he not had more than a suspicion that tht e coming of Clement Dan. raven was accountable for her pre-ocoupa tion. And because of the love Lady Gertrude bore him, Pierce hated his cousin with a fierce and bitter hatred, and rejoiced over the finding of the piece ot paper signed by Beta, that had lain under the old tree in the wood. - At last the ordeal of this dance, which gave pleasure to neither, was over, and Lady Gertrude's tiny well-gloved hand was quiver ing with excitement as it rested on Clement Dunraven's arm. If he had loved her, his whole frame must have vibrated with thhe Semotion under which she was laboring. Bat though loving words were on his lips, and from long practice in a wooer's art, his eyes told passion's tale, yet Clement Dunraven's heart was unmoved. Had she oared for him less, or been more accustomed to be wooed, she would not have failed to discover this, -while as it was, she was in the seventh heaven of rapture. "H ow beautiful you are," he said, look ing into her eyes. " have always thought so. but to-nicht--to-nicht you surpass yourself. That gown suits you to perfeo tion." " Is it not rude to make remarks on per sonal appearance?" she asked, laughing, and trying to appear thoroughly at her ease. " Yon would not think it rude if you knew Smy motives," he replied; so seriously that the was stagcered, but she still made an effort at banter. "That won't do," she said; ,"motives are such horribly vague things and cover t o many shortcomings." " Is it a.shortcoming to admire you des perately, ao d to-love you ?" he asked. The last word came ountwith a gasp which gave it an emotional point for which his inmost feelings were in no way responsible. Lady Gertrude looked down now, and did not attempt to speak. So the dress had done its work, yet Elvira Dela nehad called it a shroud. There was leonce for a second or two ; she was battling with her feelinga, trying to still her throb bing heart. He-well, it were better, per haps, to throw a veil over what he really lelt. What he said, when with a mighty effort se compelled himself, was "Will yon be my wife ?" She did not speak at once ; she was too happy to yive her pleasure words. but at last a faint " Yes" came from her pretty, poting ips, and she raised her eyes -to his taoo: to meet such a look of sadness in his, that she shrank before his gaze. " Oh, why do you look so sadly at me 1" she asked. " Did I look sad Do not be frightened ; I was only wondering whether I was worthy of you-whether you would be really happy if you shared my lot." "I am not afraid." "&No;, dear Lady Gertrude, you are very krave: yet you do not know me." " Not know you, Mr Danraven; it seems I have known you all my lios.'" "Does a woman everkoow the inner life of any man I" She laughed. "I have enough belief in you not to be afraid of your inner life. " "You will take me on faith and marry me without investatation?" "You are only teasing me I don't be hlive there is anything to investigate. One Swould think you were a murderer or forger to her you talk, and If you were -" "If I were? ' S"Well-it would be very difficult for me to hate you." "Thanks." Then again there was a short silence. He had given her a loophole for escape, but she had only ruahed blindly on her fate. If she had refused the proposed marnriage Sir Louis would dot have blamedhim, but she accepted, so he must smile on hbrend try to look the Iappines she was feeling. They had never thought of dancing, and were sitting by this time in a small boudoir, which was next to the supper-room. One or two people peeped in at the door and went away smllinc, but no one ventured to intrude. They were virtually alone, or at a.ll events believed themselves to beo so. Clement Dunraven had always been con Sddered an adept in the art of love.- mkig, 360 but to-night he felt as shy and unequal to the occasion] as though he were the veriest tyro. He could not, however, retreat now, since he had asked her to marry lum and she had accepted his proposal. His wife ! Merciful heavens, was it possible that he had asked Lady Gertrude Vereohoyle to be his wife? Ay, it was absolutely ctrue, for he stole hlis arm round her slight waist, and drawing her clooe to him, he imprinted a lingering kiss on thefullred lips, and she did not resisat him, as she assuredly would have done had she not felt that she was his very own. That kiss seemed to revive some of the slumbering passion in Olement's deadened heart, and he awoke to a sense of how beau tiful Lady Gertrude really was. " You are too good for me, my darling," he said with more fervor than he had as yet shown; "how lovely you are, to- angeli cally lovely for a mere mortal like myself. The whole of England will say I am the luckiest dog in the country, to have won a being so fair as you are. And the arm round her tightened, until she felt as if she were in a vice. " And 1 the luckiest woman to have won the love of the popular Clement Dunraven," she replied, laughing, and trying to free her self from his clasp. He loosed her somewhat, seeing shewas a little distressed. "I must not frichtoen my birdie," he whispered a little apologetically, "but you should not be so beautiful, my sweet Gertruade." She blushed and looked up at hlm with shy, sweet eyes. "Then you do love me, Clement P Don't talk to me about myself, but aboutyour love. Is it really true and fast; will it endure for all our lives? You will never neglect me or grow cold to me, as some men do to their "wives!" . A dark expression came over ClementDun raven's face like a elond. lBunt:before he oould answer she went on " Ah, I have oftendedyon. I was wrong; I should not have doubted your loyalty and good faith. Forgive me. "Sweet one, who could be false to you ? The man who could make you suffer is a brute." "You will never cause me suffering, Clement. Yes, I know it full well; you will shield me from danger and enffering." "Ay, will I, dearest, to the fullest extent of my power. It unhappiness comes to you through me it will be through my misfortune and not my fault." She laid her hand in his. "I believe you," she said, "and I will trust you always because I knowthatyou love me: Tell me that you love me." "I love you-yes-I love you," he re peated, but there was but little romance in his voice. That did not trouble her, however; she was as happy asno the birds in spring. Clement Dunraven, her girlish ideal, was to be her husband, her own,her very own. Lord Melbury would be pleased, Sir Louis would be pleased, but none of them as pleased as she herself, she thought, as she sat there, close to Clement's side, dreaming rather than talking of her future happiness. Hours of the inteneest pleasenre end at last, however. Two men interested in a knotty point at whist began to argue the matter out at the door of the boudoir ; another moment and they would probably come in to ex emplify their meaning by the help of some cards which lay on the table. One more hurried fervent kiss and the newly-betrothed lovers started to their feet and prepared to join the throng in the larger room. To do so they had to pass the bondoir win dow, which was open. For a sooond they stood inhaling the fresh air and looking out into the starry night. Neither of them, how ever, saw a pair of lustrous eyes, which were shining through the foliage of an adjacent shrub. Had they, done so what changed issues might not their lives have known ? But theypassed on to. their fate, and the owner of those dark splendid orbs passed on, too, into the silent night equally to meet her fate; whether a darker or lighter one than Lady Gertrude's, who shall say? For the moment Lady Gertrude's star seemed' to be in the ascendant, for was she not Ulement Dunraven's promised wife l Ac she had predicted, Lord Melbury smiled his gratified assent, and Sir Louis was so delighted, he could scarcely keep his feel ings under control. You have done well, my boy, splendidly well," he said, patting Olement on the shoulder. "A thousand a year and the run of Aboyne Court, that is what you shall have as long as I am above the sod, and after that you will be the master. It won't be long, Clement, it won't be long." It was ki order to be master of Aboyne Court and its income that Clement had oon sented to ask Lady Gertrude to be his wife, yet it was scarcely a feeling of joy that rose in his heart when he knew that he had won the trick. While the fiances were standing talkinu to Sir Louis, PicrcoVaughianaome up with Miss Elvira Delane. They had just been dancing tog ther. , Elvira took in tho'situation at a glance, and whispered to Lady Gertrude. "How does a woman feel when she has won? You shall give me your experience to-morrow.. When I have heard them I shall either congratulate or condole." Plorce Vaughan said nothing, but he was not therefore Ignorant as to what had happened; on the contrary, he know too well for his pleasure, and beneath his calm, inexpressive demeanor there lay buried a fund of jealousy, revenge and hatred of which neither his nole nor Clement could fall one dlay to feel the force, and from which dainty Lady Gertrude herself would suffer more or loss. There was no doubt that a tree had been planted that night which would be prodnuctive of mach fruit. What matter to Sir Louis, who rabbed his hands and chuokled over his work, if the berries, to be onlled from It here after would be often nauseous andevendeadly to the taste. Pioe Vanghan, at odds with life, since he saw no chanoe of obtaining either Lady Gertrude's hand or thelnheritanon he had more than half expected might be his, was the first to leave the ball. Marriages have erenow been hindered. He would cool his fevered brain, he thought,b walking about the grounda that surround the house. As be strode along he felt asif being pur sued by a footstep. Pierce Vaughan was no behliever in ghosts, yet he was desperately in olined to think that there was one near him at that moment. He walked on rapidly to the edge of a little wood, in which he could see nothing for the foliage. Just as he reached it the moon came out from behind a cloud, and suddenly and unexpectedly he and and his parsuer saw each otherae in full day. She was a woman, clad in along, black cloak, which concealed her form, but her face he could never forget; if he:oevermet her againhe should know her He hadno time to make acquaintanoethen; as suddenly as she appeared she departed, and ghost or reality, he saw her no more. CHAPTER III.-BoY on Gran. On the outskirts of the town of Coleshill, about four miles from Abovne Court, there was a picturesque old oottage standing in a wild garden. It had once been a dairy farm, but evil times had oome and the meadows and cows had been sold one by one, antilnothing was left but thecottage itself and the garden round it, which from want of tillange was not very prodouctive. Old Farmer Glendinning had lived there and his father before him for many years-it was his freehold. He would not sell the roof from over his head, he said, but just starve there until the end come; it could not be far off since he had long "passed the allotted age of three score years and ten," Starvation, too, it was both for himself and his granddaughter, Lisbeth, but he did not consider her in the matter. As long as he had hispipe and she ministered to his crea. tore comforts, as well as she could, according to the means she had at command, he was satisfied. Lisbeth was an orphan, living on his charity; if it were not for him she would be in the workhouse, he told the neighbors, if ever they expostulated with him about the dreariness of the girl's life; and the neces sity to make some provision for her future; but no one interfered with the Glendinnings and their affairs. The old man was deaf, it was very difloult to make him understand, and Lisbeth did not en courage gossip or interference. She was what the townsfolk called "a stand-off, up. start minx, with nothing to boastof but a few good looks, which sooner or later would bring her to ruin." It was quite true that Lisbeth possessed beauty far surpassing the average given to women, and the prophecy that it would bring her to ruin was called forth by the fact that she declined to bestow herself on Will Mathers, the well-to-do son of the principal draper in Coleshill, and had also re tused a very genteel young chemist who had lately come to settle there. What the girl wanted no one could guess, but that she was an arrant fool, they all agreed. For if she thought that old Josh Glendinning had a pile of sovereigns tied up in an ald stocking, she was much mise taken. He had dribbled away all his patri mony long ago. Lisbeth, however, heeded no remarks that reachedher, and kept herself as much away from the townsfolk as possible, never going into Coleshill, except when she was forced to do so, to buy some of the frugal fare by which she and old Josh managed to keep body and soul together. Of late she had gone still lees into the town, having sent a little girl, the daughter of some poor people who lived near, to do her errands, thus bringing down upon herself a still greater avalanche of remarks, as the question passed from mouth to mouth querying whether the Glendinnines had had a fortune left them. For the last week everyone had been far too mucnoh taken up with Lady Marcia Fol jambe's ball to give- much heed to Lisbeth and her affairs, and uInoky for her that it was so, for events in her life were arriving at a crisis, which would soarcely have borne the investi gations of the public gaze. How beautiful she looked as she leant against the door-post at the back of the cot tage. Yet it was a beauty touched by sorrow; her face, usually suffused with a bright color, was pale as death, her dark eyes shone with a feverish lustre. Something had hap. pened which had shaken the very foundations of faith and happiness. It was two days after Lady Maroia Fol jambe's ball, old Josh hadad d a stroke of paralysis in the morning hours, as the car riages passed his gate on their return from the festivities, and he lay upstairs, sick unto death, it was feared. It was, however, soarooly Josh's illness that affected Lisbeth so closely. She had for a long time expected that the end would come, perhaps almost craved it, since Josh was both ornel and hard to her. There was something stirring the depths of her heart, nearer her own inner life than poor old selfish Josh's approaching dissolution., Once or twice as she stood there, she shielded her eyes as if she expected to see someone coming. Not a creature was in sight, but at last she heard a footstop coming round the cottage from the front, and the crimson color rushed madly from brow to throat. Another mimute and a man's arm was round her, and she was drawn convulsively to his heart. " My Bett, my beautiful, my own, thank God, 1 see you once again." But Lisboth struggled violently, and free. ing herself from his embrace, stood before him, proud and erect, looking at him with an expresosion of mingled mockery and scorn. " How dare you," she cried, "how dare you come hero after -" Her words seemed to choke her, and the sentence ended in a con vulsive sob. "My dearest Bett, what do you mean? Why you sentforme ? What has happened? What do you know ?" She mastered her emotion with a vigorous effort, and, trying to spesak calmly, said in a low tone, " I know that Clement Dunras on is false." " Ay," he answered, "false as hell. You are right. It is to tell you this that I have come hers today." " False to her, or false to me P" she asked looking at him fixedly with her large eyes. "Good heavens, do you doubt me for a moment I False to her, of course, sineo you ere my love, my life. But how do you know anything about her, my darling 1" " I was at the boudoir window on thonight of the ball. Isaw you oiroleyonr arms about her waist, an yon have often ciroled them about me. I could have cried with pain at the sight. I saw your lips move as it utter inc those words of love I know so well, and Isaw herlanguishing eyes turned in adoration nh your face. Yes, Clement, I saw all this, und I am still alive. Alive end looking into your false face." "My Bett, my love, I came here to-day to tell you the whole troth, to throw myself on your generosity, to appeal to the strong love which I know you bear me. 1 am in no way to blame for what has happened. It is all the fault of my uncle Louis. I care no more for Lady GertrudeVeraohloyle'slove than Ido for the pebbles it front of the doorway. ButSir Louis says that unless I marry her he will leave me without a siogle sixpence in the world." " But I am your wife,'' aid Lisboth, " for the sake of coin you would commit this sinP" " God knows if Ihad a imoderate income I would not be mercenary, my poor Bett. I cannot steal, to beg I am ashamed, and if I asked for work who would give mc any to do ? He would be a sorry fool who employed me." "No, you cannot work, that is not to be thought of," she said, with a faint smile, evoked even in this hour of desperation, by the idea of Clement Dunraven doing any work. "What, then, can Ido but obey Sir Louis and ,rO through the farce of this marriage ?" "But I am your wife. A man aooording to the English law cannot marry two wives. "Not unless the first one givoe her con. sent." "Gives her consent, Clement. Whatever do you mean!" "Only this, dear. You know a king or a grand duke marries the woman he loves, what is called morganatically, that is, she cannot be a queen or grand dnahess. Then he marries some princess, who can fill the high rank and do the duties of the state, but who is always ontside his heart." "But youen are neither a king nor a grand duke, Olement I" "No, love, but it is the same thing, I am Sir Louis Dunraven's heir." "Yet I am your wife. My chlldren will be legitimate." "Yes, love," he said, hesitatingly, for he dared not deny. " Well, than, Clement, if even in my great love for you I could let you go and remain silent aboutour relations, so that you might become rich and powerful, how could I do them this rong ?" "It will not do them much good to be paupers. I should have to leave you and go away into some distant land, seeking a for tune which I should never find. Whereas if you oonour in this arrangement you and your child or children will be in comfortable cir cumstances, reaping the benefit of my uncle's inheritanoe." "I do not want the money. When old Josh dies, as he will in a few days, I can work and keepmyself, butthe unborn child. Oh ! Clement, I wish I knew what is best to be done for the child." Clement Dunraven oared nothing for the child. His paternal instinte had in no way been awakened, buthe cared a great deal for the beautiful woman by his slde, thongh more perhaps for his position in life, or he would scarcely have asked her to sacrifieoo herself for his advantage. It was false reasoning to try and induce her to do this, on the plea that she and her child would benefit by it. What would money avail them if tho mantle of secrecy and shame was to be cast over their birth, and another woman than the one he had legally married ayear ago, was to live as mistress at Aboyne Court. For a few seconds neither of them spoke. Both were thinking of the situation. Clement was wondering what he would do if Lisbeth refused to give him up, and Lisbeth was wrapt in thought of her child if she set it aside for its father whose will was her law, and whom she could not believe to wholly wrong; hence, she argued to herself, thero must be justice in what le demanded. After all, what right had she a daughterof the people to link her fortunes with those of Sir Louis Dunraven's nephew? She was toblame, she must suffer for her fault-but the child. If she had no thought for that unborn child it would be so easy to set him free. Had jealousy no place in her heart in this supreme hour? Jealousy of that other woman she had seen sitting so near him on the sofa? No, the ohild for the moment unsurped every other feeling, her own misery, her agony at the knowledge that he would live for the rest of his life with another-a lady of high degree-was as nothing compared with what she felt about the future of that as yet unseen child. (sn -n CoiTs aD.1 