POLITICAL -POINTS. Premier Dibba reads adverse press criti cisms in bed. They send him to sleep. A Lackey helped to open Parliament ia Vbe a'oBence o£ the Governor and his flunkeys. Parkes was in the toy business in 1817. The old man is now trying to make toys of the Labov member'. Tlie opening of Parliament by Commission is enough to make people inquire whether a salaried Governor is a necessity. Hon. J. Macintosh, M.L.C., says the Upper House is neutral. It certainly seems to be neither masculine nor feminine. ' Fluent as an hour glass, hollow as a drum,' a description of tiathorne liardy's oratory, which equally applies to Beid'fl. Baiton has mevely magnified and adver tised the Active Service Drigade. Is he, too, angling for the Tommy Dodd vote? The Luuaey Convention Bill will he one of the first to engage the attention of Parlia ment. It Bhould meet with sympathetic treatment. The Premier described Keid as a Parlia mentary purveyor of. farce aud comedy. Copeland went near to supplying the tragic clement. ' The settlement of the Matabele question includes an arrangement for the grants of. land to the natives.' How generous — giving a man ins own. The Mayor of Lithgow thinks tbe membcra of the Labor party in the House have proved tUcmsclvc? to be respectable and wellbe haved gentlemen. Summary of. the Government 'Coikus' meeting down the harbor : — ' The Thetis, having come to a standstill, liquid refresh ments were displayed.' The reason a dog can kot so knowing is because he can't say anything to spoil the effect. That's where the poodle has the bulge on the politician. Mr. Leonard Dodds is a candidate for War ringah (North Shore.) He belongs to that hybrid body, yclept the Freetrs.de. and Land licfora; Electoral Committee. To maintain her position as a great Euro pean power. Italy has oppressed her people with taxation, and now reaps tbe reward in rebellion and sedition at home. How is it that the ' News 'has ceased to give particulars about the patriotic elloits of Mr. H dynes. Has his Roman hand given up adorning the ' Political ' column I Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan, M.U, addressed large meetings at Tarago and Currawang, during the course of last week, and received unanimous rotes of confidence at each place.' The ' D.T.' eays Hindle ' cannot be cre dited with an excess of charity under the circumstances.' Hah ! What is charity to a fanatic's desire for self-sdvertieement. Resenting the dictation of the Active Ser vice Brigade, the Trades and Labor Council has decided that its own president shall takr the chair at all meetings held under its auspices. Sydney Burdeldn, SI. P., has been initiated as a member of the Windsor Lodge of Odd fellows. The lodge benefit will come in handy should the poor man meet with m accident. Owing to Sir Henry Parkes, Dr. Quiet, Edmund Barton, and Beveral other feroali worshippers of high degree, the Britisi female is wakening up to a sense of. her responsibilities. Hallam says that the power ot the House of Commons arose from the fact that a mem ber when elected ielt Siirueelf to be not only the representative of a constituency but of the whole country. Tbe Labor Electoral League and the In tercolo&ial; Conference are at variance. There is too much self about these so*called cham-' pions of Labor. Their petty jealousies give! hope to the Capitalist. ' i Cook, M.I', for the Hartley, doesn't want ' any underground engineering — checriny Freetrade one day and Protection the next.1 Certainly not, he wants people to cheer for Freetrade all the time. Mr. Lyne: 'Meinbeiswhocomplainedthat the Government had r.ot adopted a strictl; Protectionist tariff forgot the small majority which the Government had, and the dittl culties of ' its position.' : The Lcichhardt branch of tho Labor Elec toral League has selected Mr. W. A. HolmaL aB the local labor candidate. This has pu'', Mr. G. 1). Clark's back up, and the litlli gentleman is prodigiously mad. The Freetraders Fay that no man should b; levied upon for the support of another. Ye: every Worker is cruelly levied upon forth: support ot tho Fat Man,asd tbe Freetrader would keep the Workers workless. ' Sydney 'D.T.' says 'Premier Dibbs is very fond of quoting Scripture.' Unless rnmor belies him greatly, ths same remsr; applies to Premier Nicholas Siitan, of Shuo!. Great minds often run in Eimi'ar grooves ' : Mr. Thomas Walker, JI.P.,Eays, ''Whoni'a, man haa reached tlie maximum of focr children he lias done his duty to the world.' And yet we ﬁnd the proliﬁc Pa Parkes complaining that “his life has been wasted.” B. R. W.ochitthc ruth the other night, when he eaid that if there were no fools at a meeting theie would be no fun. It is also true— though paradoxical— that if there were no iools at a meeting there would be no WiBe. A Radical member of the Japanese Parlia ment, having proved himself to be a 'trimmer,' baB been significantly reminded by his constituents that 'a politician should not, like a ghost without legs, drift along before the wind ; neither should be be a watcr-reed, which wobbles hither and thither according to the motion of tbe stream.' There is a wobbling land reed in our midst to-day who might probably taUc that him to himself. Jupp Gardener has announced that he would contest tbe Ashburnbam electorate if selected by the La~bor League. He declined to be governed by a majority in a, caucus vote, but he would support the Labor, plat form. Chapman, M.P., stands well in Braidwood, ' being almost,' wires the ' D.T.' correspon dent, 'a native of this district.' Is our Austin one of those famous persons who have bad more tban one birthplace ? Any way, ' almost ' is good. Somebody remarked, once upon a time, to Sir. Syme that seeing that the ' Argus ' has a motto his paper should have one also. 'What would you suggest!' inquired Mr. Syme. ' Oh, anything,' replied the other carlessly ; ' 6ay Age before Honesty,' Commandant Button eays 'Ample and pood food are tho main factors in making British troops into aeound fightingniachine.' Well tho Permanent Force is AuBtralian.not British, and dies sot want to be a fighting machine. It-was founded for '? defence, n defiance.' ) , ' . . ? Hon. FrantiB Longmore eays that 800 per sons own C,Of 0,000 acrcs'bf the best land in Victoria, for which they contribute to the State £500,ft)0 per year in the way of rent. What he seems to want applied to them is a capitation 6as — paid in beads. It might act at a wataing. Quite a iumber of rail-straddling ^I.'sP. ' arc still ' j.ndccideii as to which electorate they will stand for.' But their constituents seem to hive a very decided opinion as to what electorates these £S00 patriots shall not sit for. Walking tickets mil soon be pretty freely iBsued. ? ? * ? There is hope for Parkes after all. A Batburet paper honestly owns up Umt ' Piirkes1 address on Wednesday night was not neatly as blackguardly ae that delivered some seven or eight years ago.' Wi are now prepared to hear that ' Parkes ib a fairly honest ian— so fares politicians go.' While the Sydney Grammar School cric keters, ^ere playing in Melbourne, an old gentleman who takes r.-.ore interest in politics than cricket, asked one of the team, ' is that lad Parkes any relation to the great PatkeB?' The boy evidently knew more of erickot than politics, for be eaid, '.He is the great Paries.' ' ' Titok here, 1 didn't come down to Sydney to bad — — J,' shouted an irate deputationist aitofrireceiving a Xtr.\c of Premier Dibbs' full favored IJarnskecagj etyle of oratory. ' Didn't you 1' replied Sir George, ' well go bjme and be d ? d, and sec if you'll feel any better then.' And right there the couvVi'Siition ended. A|one oi !V. meetings held in Melbourne in connection '.nth the raining of a fund to pay/.he ' Age,' expenses i n the Speight v. Sy ma case, a flagrant person in. the audience ob seiied, ' Who the ? is Syme, anyhow 1' Another, and even more flagrant person, rep'ieu, 'He's only the owner of tuiscursed coiiatiy and itfi utten Parliament.' What a depressing spectacle Jlr. B. R. Wiffi presented at the I'lotestaut tfalltlia otler evening I Here was an alleged states man — at any late, an i-Mi'i;tcI ol tUa CMwn — bidding very low for the support of ascertain ecctirn of the community, and that section calmly passing a resolution to- tbe elect that the would-be Saviour of his coun tiy had not come down low enough 1 The ' Sydney Horning Herald ' ' regrets ' tist tbe ceremony of opening the new flantatthe Eekbauk Ironworks eventuated^. ^ ia a semi-31inisteriai demonstration. The .' Herald' is only too well pleased when it can pour forth columns of denunciationaljout llimsterial shortcomings, and snaiJs when t finds thatsome sections of the community Ixilieve in giving credit where credit is due The ' Tarn worth News' states :— ' We be lieve we are juEtiileJ in making the an nouncement that ilia quite settled that Sir George Dibbs will consent to the requisition asking him to oSer himself, for this elec torate, but circumstances exist at tlic present moment which render it impassible for the Premier to declare himself definitely. Ab before stated, however, tlie electors may take it for gtautcd ilr.'. he is coming. The l-'icutrod.! and Land Reform Electoral Committee is iu a veiy bad way. Mr. WiBe admits that they have the 'Sydney Morning Herald' aud Jlr. McMillan against them, and recent uvent-. prove incontestably that Mi. Ueii's latest allies- Tommy Dodd and tbe Aci.vc f-orvice*Jirig.i-'c — afe very much antagonistic. Being ln.:wcca two stools, this latest political abortion will noon come to the ground. There were several ilirills of emotion noticeable in Tiger Inglis'silverj tenor voice at tbe banquet, when he raid, ' One of the saddest things ia this world i» the fact that th-: man who always adheies to tbe eanct truth oJten. gets tbe reputation o'. beinj a liar.' And then V,i went o» to tell aUiut the 10 tiges he shot :'.nd skinned before breakfast while on avEit to his bosom friend —the I'ajab oi Aljsorche.: 'ndermornin. Mr. Joseph Purcel'., a young Australian Democrat with some talum, has been requisitioned by a number of electors of tho Beimoiedivir-onof So'th Sydney to contest that, electorate as a local candidate in tbe interest of P.-otectio l and Ueinocrucy at the coming general election, to wliicli he has conrented. His Jrrnde c'jjsidcr that in him ' they heve ndark horse, who will outpace all bona-jiile starter^. Sir James Garricii, the Queensland Agent General, says that- he thinlB the Australian colonies have been citiavtgant during tha labtfewyeaia. They certainly have in one way, if not in others. They have paid hand some salaries to Bir .lames Ciairick and his like for performing duties which could be carried out for all the colonies in a lump by a Colonial Office Clerk for a matter of a hundred or two a year over and above his regular Balury. liurdekin will certainly b3 hotly opposed for tho Hawkesbmy. The millionaire's warmest supporters will see to Umt, for they know Sid. 1k-s a few thousands to spare, and there is nothing !i!:e beeping the money in the district. Possibly this is one of tbe penalties our plutocrats bitve to pay,, and which Pastor .lefferics used to allu.le to bo feelingly in his 6crmons on tho ' Curse of llichee.' Anyway, Mun;au'n candidature will wake Bui'dckin sit up ue well as stump up. ... Daring the recent eiection at Dunedin (N.tt.) a randiriate was asked by a lenialc voterif lie was in s.:-.:or of a Bill to reduce tlie hours of labo:-. (ike tlio 'Pinafore' crew, the candid-.'.- ?? .. 'tuit well, but he didn't knov.','1 ani' .= ?! ^u blurted out, ' Oi would do all in :i.y power to alleviate th' th roubles of ih' iaynulc eix, but that :s a mattliurlo ha decided, not Uy mimbirs of I'ailiameat, ljut by medical -uiu.' And then the lund struck m-, ' Thu liab.es tin Oui filock.' . . . , I'eii!, of the glassy eyo, has practically confessed himseli to Ije a. Fiectradc humbug' 'Kjbucuu fihoiv me,' looted iu tfiect the monocular little Fat ilau lo thu Kerrigan (N.6.W.) electors, ?? that rrutcciii'ii bcaetita (lie farmers, I would become a 1'rotec tiouiet.' (Isorgie, Pore'e, luiiMcny p!o, 'J'nrn yuor -;yi'-;ii:-H otnl yu.i i- eye On Ibc liarvM rr.ill-ti«, i-n the uiliiiE wl ?»? aluU«:|.! * ; J.at tlic ftirciiiii Traii: uauo! die, Geor jie, of tlic r;assy eyo. Metaphors are ticklish things for orators to tackle. Lord Derby, wlien in the House of. Comn-.ons, described a pension :\s a ' acst egg upon which n soldier might ttilco his stand in liis old asrc.' Ami liraaciuieniau Gladstone, in response to an opponent's sign of dissent, declared lliat. it wa-, of no t:te for ' the honorable ami gallant member to shake his hctd in the teeth oi his mvii words. And now we find Ceorse liiu»h'-y ll.jid bulging out liis chest, a.'is boklly n..i.iounciin,r that ' Victoria bus beer, watering lI:c tsee of J'ro tecr.on for tn'c:;tv-ona Tca:;,,a:iJ ijven now it eatuot wait without, ansii-lance.' George hss been watering the elcc'ors with a deluge cf dri\cl far years alto, ami «o«- he is about to discover that be cau no longer hit £or Kust Sydney. 