WAS IT A GHOST THEY S lW. Mres. I. II. Jenningslives at No. 211, Main Street, Bridgeport, and Miss :Minnie Parrott boards with her. The housois an old one, but in good order. no night early in December (1891) the .o womenlocked all the doorsand wentto the hatre; leaving not a soul in the house. y left the gas burning, however', in the t parlour, At about half past eleven returned, and entered the house and talking. 'But as they went e'parlour the merry humour died 6i?tf them in a secoid Right in the iddlo of the room tood a dark man of igantio stature. The upper part o 'his ce was concealed by a mask, hie o' ds gleaming through the eyeholes in it. I is phirt sleeves were rolled up, and in oi.0 ihand be carried a long, old fashioned pistol. The women fled screaming from the room,.and when Mr. Jenuings came in fiveminutes later he found no one in.the parldur and all the doors and windows I seourely looked, What was it the women saw P "During a recent period of ill health," writes an American friend, "I had slept badly for several sucoeseive nights, On the fourth of these nights about two o'clook, I was suddenly aroused from a doze by what soeemed like the calling of my name; and at the foot of the bed stood the image of my mother just as she looked five years before, as showas leaving home to goon a journey, on which Journey she was.killed in a railway disaster, I sortied d'and fainted. I was foolish enough to tell of it, and the local old women gossips said it was a summons and t woXtld never get well. Yet I did, and am in perfect health now, I believe that vision came of my weak nerves, for I've never seen it. since, and it's more that ' three years ago now," No doubt it was the nerves. Why, Sthere'seno end to the tricks the' nerves will '"play off on you when your syrtem is out of .iondition. in Maroh, 1890,: it was, that iMlres Jane pooter,. of Iaairacott Hoad, SPokeedown, Bante, wrote us as follows: ''I was so.dredfully neorvou,'I could not bear anyone, in thoroom with me, yet I 'did not wish them far away in caseI should call out for' help. 'lThis was in June, 1889. I slept very bdlly, and in the morning felt little the better for having gone to bed, Thee was often a severe pain in my head and over my eyes, and I was sickmost of the time. MAy skin _was dry and yellow, and theo tomnach and bowcls felt cold and deaf By-'and bye I had to lie helpless in ied. the doctor said he didn't knew what my complaint was, I took nothing but liquid food, aud could not retain even tha, on my stomach ly this timel was hothiug but skin and Ibno, My memory completely f.iled. My head ached so dmeadfu~ly I thought £ should i lose my a msoa, and my friends igreed that I would never get bet:er, "I had given up ail hope, when one day Mrs West of Bournomouth, called and amked what I was takii. ,-he told meo she was herself once jist as badly off, and was cubd by Mother Se gel's CurativeSyrup. she o eetmed. toh ove ?o. msch faith in tla medieino, I tried it ' i three days I ,as able to walk across 'se roomi and by lhe end of the week 1 'wentdown downslairs. Now I am as well as ever. I san eat and digest my toed, and'all my nervousness hasleft me." The malady Mre Easter suffered 'from was indigestion and'dyspepeis and nervous prostration, The'origial oeuse was grief and shook atTtho violent death of her hus band, by accident, and the system ralli d Only when tli' yrup had given new nvour 'to the digestion and thus fed and toned the nerves. Whatever mey be your opinion of the Bridgeport ghost, it remainse true that most Uncanny visions and sounds mean nothing more or less thin . set of nerves all upset by indig-estion qnd dyspepsin, Ghosts come f.rom the insido of the-person who sees them,. and wheon Mother Seigel's Syrup does its work the eyes and the ears enter tais only what i' natural and wholesome, 