Chapteb XXXVII. a baby's bonnet. Caesar called next 'lay and took Pete to the office of the High Bailiff, where the bnainesa of the mortage was completed. The deeds of Batlawhaine were then committed to Gsesar's care for custody ana saie Keeping, ana ue carried them off to his safe at the mill with a long stride and a face of fierce triumph. *' The ouid Ballawhaine is dying," he thought; " and if we kick out the young one some day, it'll only be the Lord's hand on a rascal." On drawing his big.cheque, Pete had realised that, with reckless spending and more reckless giving, he had less than a hundred pounds to bis credit. " So matter," he thought: " Philip will pay me back when he comes into hie own." Grannie was with Nancy at Elm-cottage when Pete returned home. The child was having its morniag bath, and the two women were on their knees at either side of the tub, cackling and crowing like two old hens over one egg. " Aw, did yon ever, now, Nancy | 'Deed, no; you never did see such a lil angel. Up a-daigy I" " Cry I must, Grannie, when I see it looking so beautiful. Warm towels, you say? I'm a girl of this sort—when I get my heart down, I can never get it np again. Pallet's earth, is it! Here, then." " Boo—loo—loo ! The bogh millisli I Nancy, we most be shortening her soon." And with that they fell to an earnest council on frocks and pettiooata and other mysteries unread by man. Pete sat and watched and listened. "People will be crying shame on her if they see the Grannie doing everything," he thought That night he lounged through the town and examined the shop windows out of the corner of his eye. Hie was trying to bear himself like a workman enjoying his Satur day night's ramble in clean clothes, but the streets were thronged, and he found himself observed. " Km here," he told himself. " I can buy nothing here. Doesn't do to be asleep at all, and a man isn't always in bed when he's sleeping." Some hours later, Nancy and the child being upstairs, Pete bethought himself or . something that was kept at the bottom of a ; drawer. Going -to the drawer to open it, he found it stiff to his tugging, andit came back with a jerk, which showed it had not Jatw been disturbed. Pete foondtrhat be looked for, and came upon something beewe. It was a cardboard box, tied about wiw a string, which was knotted tea peculiar •way. " Kate's knot," thought Pete, w^* sigh. He slipped it, and opened the lid and took out * baby's hood of scarlet -plash, «' The very thing," he thought. He held it. mouth open, over hie: big brown hand, and laughed with delight. " She's been buying it for the child and never neing it." His. eyes glistened. "-The very thing," be thought, and then be took down pen and paper to write something to go with it. This is what he wrote— For lit Katerin from her Luvin mother Then he held it at arm's length and looked at it. The subscription orossed the whole face of a half-sheet of paper. But the triumphant success of his former effort had made him bold. He could not resist the temptation to write more. So he turned the paper over and wrote on the back— . tell papa not to tcurry about me i axpect to be home eune but dont no ezaclly His eyes were swimming by the time he got that down, but theyjmghtened again as he remembered something. Weve had grate times ear uncle Jo— " Must go on milking that ould cow," he thought. tuk me to seathevrins of Wales yesterda He could not help it—he began to take a wild joy in his own inventions. flaps and banns of musick all day and himinerashuns all night it was grand we were top of an umnibwts goin down lord strete and saw him asplane as plane. "Bless me," said Bete, dropping his pen, and rubbing his hands in .ravishing con templation of his own fiction ; "the next thing we bear she'll be riding in her carriage and pair." He was sobbing a little, for all that,'in a low, smothered way, but he could not .deny himaeli one word more— luv to all enquirin frens and btss respe.es to the Dempster if im not forgot arrim. This second forgery of love being finished, he went about the house on tiptoe, found brown paper and twine, put- the hood -back into the box, with his half- sheet peeping from between the frills where the little face would go, and made it up, in his nndeft fingers, into an ungainly parcel, which he addressed to himself as before. After that he did his accustomed duty with the lamp and the door, and lay down in the parlour to sleep. On Monday, nt dinner, he broke out peevishly with 41 Ter'ble botheration, Nnney —I muet be going to Port St. Mary about that thundering demonstration." Then from undemeAth the sofa in the par lour he rooted up a brown paper parcel, stuffed it under his coat, buttoned it up, and so smuggled it out of the house. They set sail early in the afternoon, and ran down the coast under a fair breeze that made the canvas play until the Bra hissed. The day Was wet end cheerless ; a thick mist enshrouded the ■ land, and going by- Lsxey they could just descry the top arc of the great wheel like n dun-Coloured ghost of a rainbow in a grey sky. As thev came to Douglas the mist was lifting, bnt the rain was coming down in a soaking drizzle. A band was playing dance tunes on the iron pier, which shot like a serpent's tongue out of the mouth of the bay. The steamer from England was coming round the head, and her Ben-sick passengers were dense as a crowd on her for ward deck, the men with print handkerchiefs tied over their caps, the women with their ekirts over their drooping feathers. A harp and a violin were scraping lively airs amid- j ships. The town was like a .cock with his tioil down crowing furiously in the wet. When they came to Port St. Mary the mist had risen and the rkiu was gone, but the fishing town looked black and sullen under a lowering Cloud. The tide was down, and many boats lay oh the beach' and in the shallow water within the rocks. Pete was put pshbre; his Nickey went round the Calf to the.herring gronnd. beyond the shoulder; a number of fishermen were waiting for him on thequay with heavy looks and hands deep in their trousers pockets. " No need for much praiching At all," said Pete, pointing to the boats lying aground. "There you are, boys, fifty of you at the least, with no room to warp for the rocks. Yet they're for taxing you for dues for a har bour." " Go ahead, Capt'n," «aid One af the fisher men ; " there's five hundred men here to back you up through thick nnd thin." Pete posted his brown paper parcel as stealthily as be had posted bis letter, and left Port St. Mary the same night for Douglas. The roads were thick with coaches, choked iull with pleasure- seekers from Port Erin. These cheerful souls were still wearing the clothes which hod keen drenched through in the morn ing ; their boots were dAmp and cold; they were chill with the night air, but they did not repine. They sang and laughed and ate oranges, drew up frequently at wayside houses, and handed round bottles of beer with the corks drawn. In their own way they were bright and cheerful company. Sometimes " Hold the fort," sung in a brake going ahead, mingled with " Molly and I and the baby," from lusty throats coming behind. Battling through Castletown, they shouted wild chaff at the redcoats lounging by the Castle, and when the darkness fell they dropped asleep—tlie men usually on the women's shoulders ; and then the horses' hoofs were heard splashing along the muddy road, and every ruler cracked his whip over a chorus of stertorous snores. . Douglas wag ablaze with light aa they dipped down to it from the dark country. Long sinuous tails of light where the busy streets were, running in and out, this way and that, and belching -into tlie wide squares and market-places like the race of a Curragh fire. The sleepers awoke and shook them selves. "Going to the Gastle to-night?" said one. " What do you think?" Bftid another, and they all laughed at the foolish question. " I'll aleephere," thought Pete. " I've not searched Douglas yet." - The driver fobna hifti a bed at his mother's house. It was a lodging-house in Church street! overlooking the churchyard. As he went in, a young man wias being carried up Btairs helplessly drunk, though the hour was so early. • - _ Finding himself so neat to Athol-street, Pete thought he would lock at the outside of Philip's chambers. He found the house easilythough tlie street was dark. It was one of a line.pf houses .Laving brass plates, each with its name, and always the word Advocate. Philip's house bone one plate only, a small one, with the name hardly legible m the nnoertain light. It ma—The Deemster Christian. Having spelt out this inscription,Pete crept away. That was the jast house in the island at which he wishjA tocalL He was almost . J*'11? ®een in theaame town. Philip Kate, ue was In, Douglas to lock .tor Tv™ S^stLi-laiie^ ftod Fancy-street untifhe came to the sea front. iiJv?8 now full tide of busy night, and the holiday town seemed to be given over to !?Jl®yin®nt. _ The steps of the terraces were • rttoemnt photographers pitched weir cameras on the curb-stones | every open window had its dark heads with the light behind; pianos were clashing in the houses, narps were twanging in the street, tinkling tram-cars, like toast racks, were sweeping tne curve of the bay; there was a steady flow or people on the pavement, and-from water's edge to cliff top, three-parts round like a horse s shoe, the town flashed and fizzed and , pn<* blazed under its thousand lights with the splendour of a forest fire., Pete called to mind the blinking and groping of the dear old half-lit town to the north ; he remembered the dark village at the toot of the lonely hills, with its trout stream burrowing under the low bridge, and he thought, " She may have tired of it ail, poor thing 1" He looked at every woman's faoe as she went by him, hungering for one glimpse of a face he Feared to see, He did not see it, and he wandered like a lost soul through the little gay town until he drifted with the.wave that flowed around the bay into the place that was known as the Castle. It wusa dancing palace in a garden, builtin the manner of a conservatory, with the ground level for those who came to dance, and the galleries for such as came to see. Seated by the front rail of the gallery, Pete peered down into the faces below. Three thousand young men and young women were dancing, the men in flannels and coloured scarves, the women in light muslins and straw liats. Sometimes the white lights in the glass roof were covered with red and blue and yellow. The low buzz of the dancers' feet, the clang and clash of the brass instruments, the boom of the big drain, the quake of the glass house iitself, and the low rumble of the hollow floor beneath—it was like a battle- field set to music. : "She may have tired, poor thing; God knows she may," thought Pete. His eyes were growing hazy and his head dizzy, when he became conscious of a waft of . perfume behind him, and a soft voice saying at his ear, " Were you looking for anybody, then?" He turned with a start and looked at the speaker. It was a young girl with a pretty face, thick with powder. He could not be angry with the little thing, she was so young, ana she wsb smiling. " Yes," he said, * I was looking for some body and then he tried to shake her off. "IsitMaudie, you mane, dear? Are you the young man from Dublin ?" " Lave me, my girl; lave me," said Pete, patting her hand and twisting aliout. The girl looked at him with a sort of pity, and then close at his neck she said, " A fine boy like yon shouldn't be going fretting his heart about the best girl that's in." He looked at the pretty face again, and the little knowing airs begun to break down, " You're a Manx girl, aren't you 7' The smile vanished like a flash. " How do you know that? My tongue doesn't tell you, does it?" And the little thing was ashamed. Pete took the tight-gloved Angers in his big palm. " So you're my lil country- woman, then ?" he said. " How old are yon?" The painted lips began to tremble. "Sixteen for harvest," she answered. " My God !" exclaimed Pete. The darkened eyelids blinked; she was beginning to cry. " It wasn't my fault. He was a visitor with my mother at Ballaugh, and he left me to it." Pete took a sovereign ont of his pocket and shut it in the girl's hand. " Go home to-night, my dear," he whis pered ; and then he clambered out of the place. . ' " Not therecried Pete in his heart; '.'not there—I swear to God she is not there." That ended his search. He resolved to go home the same night, and he went back to his lodgings to pay his bill. The young man who had been carried to bed drunk was now coming down sober to begin the riot of his second (lay in one. Turning out of Athol street, Pete was almost over-run by a splendid equipage with two men in buff on tlie box seat and one behind. '* The Governor's car riage," said somebody. At the next moment it drew up at l'liilip's door, its occupant alighted, and then it swung about and moved away. It was the young Deemster," said a girl to her companion as she went skipping past. Pete had seen the tall, dark figure, bent and feeble, as it walked heavily up the steps. " Truth enough." he thought, " there's nothing got in this world without paying the price of it." It was three in the morning when Pete reached Ramsey. Elm.-cottage was dark and silent, lie had to knock again and again before awakening Nancy. " Now, if this bad been Kate," he thought, and a new fear took hold of him. His poor lost darling, his wandering lamb, oould she have knocked twice? Where was she to-night? He had been picturing her in happiness and plenty—' was she in poverty and distress? All tlie world was sleeping—was she asleep ? His hope was slipping away ; l»is great faith was breaking down. " Lord, do not forsake me 1 Master, strengthen me! My poor lost Jove,1 where is she? What is she ? Shall I see her face again?" ..... T ! Something cold touched his hand. It was the dog. Without a bark he had put bis nose into Pete's palm. " What, Dempster, man, Dempster1 The bat's ears were cocked—Pete felt them—the scut of a tail was wagged, and Pete got comtort from the I uttered old friend that hod tramped the world at his heels. Nancy unchained the door, opened it an inch, held the candle over her head, and peered oat. " My goodness, is it the man himself? Hpwever did you come home?" "By John tlie Flayer'spony,"said Pete; and he laughed and made light ot his night-long But next morning, when Nancy came down stairs with the child, Pete was busy with a screwdriver taking the chain off the door. " Ter'ble ould-iashioned, these chains—must be moving with the times, you know." • " Then what are you putting in its place? ' said Nancy. . " You'll see, you'll see," Baid Pete. At seven that night Pete was smoking over the gate when Kelly the Thief came up with a brown paper parcel. " Parcel for you, Mr. Quilliam," Baid the postman, with the airof a man who knew something he should not ^Pete blinked, and looked bewildered. " You don't say I" he said. it , " Well, if that's your name," began the poBtman, holding the addreBB for Fete to rCPete gave it a searching look. " Cap'n Peair Quilliam, that's it sartenly; Lrn Coltig S I.a V Ua aniH falriniv fho —yes, it must be right, he said, taking the parcel gingerly. Then with a prolonged "0 „ 1" shutting his eyes and" nodding his head ; " J know—a "Lit hi ajfresent from the mother to the lil one. Wonderful thoughtful a woman is about/a baby when she's a mother, Mr. Kelly." ; J The postman giggled, threw his finger seaward over one shoulder, and said. " Why aren't you writing back to ber, then V' " What's that ?" said Pete,'-sharply, making the parcel creak. "Why aren't you writing to tell her how the lil one is, I'm sayingf Pete looked at the postman as if the . 'idea had dropped from heaven. " X must have a head as thick as a mooring post, Mr. .Kelly. Do you know I never once thought of it. I'm like Goliath when he got little David's stone at his forehead—such a thing never entered my head before." , " Do it for all, Mr. Quilliam," said the postman, moving off. . • "I will, I will," said Pete; and then he turned into the house. " Scissors, Nancy," he Bhouted, throwing the parcel on the table. " Mysukes, a parcel I" cried Nancy. ' Aisy to tell where it comes from, too. in thnf Imrtf; wnmnii T' ftairi P<»fp urith « See. that knot, woman?" said Pete, with a knowing wink. "What in the world is it, Pete?" Baid Nancy. " I wondpr!" said Pete. " Papers enough round it, anyway. A letter? We'll look at that after," he said, loftily, and then ont came the starlet hood. " Gough bless me, what's this thing at all ?" and he held it up by the crown. Nancy made aery of alarm, took the hood out of his hand, and scolded him roundly. "These'men, they're fit to spoil an angel's livings." Then she whipped up the baby ont of the cradle, tied the hood on the little round head, and shouted with delight. " Now I was thinking of that, d'ye know?" she said. " I was, yes, I was : believe me or not, I was. 4 Kirry will be sending something for the lil one the next time she writes,' 1 was thinking, and behould ye—here it is !" " Something spakes to us, Nancy," Baid Pete. "'Deed it does though." The child gurgled and' purred, and for all her fine headgear she was absorbed in her bare toes. " And there's yourself, Pete—going to Peel and to Douglas; ahd I don't know where— and you've never once thought of the lil one -r-and knowing: we were for shortening her too." . . Pete cast down his head and looked ashamed. " Well.no—of course—I never have—that's i truth enough," he faltered. 