BUDDHISM IN CHINA: Temples are built on hills, and trees are: planted around them. The wind whistling through the pines gives out a sound' which Buddhists say is praise to Buddha's law. They think the same of the sound made by water flowing down a rocky channel ; the resident priests like to watch the foaming flood rushing past. This, too, is music in praise of Buddha, and it is Bhown in pride to visi tors. Each temple has its own revenues. Land was left formerly to each monastery to maintain it. Near Peking, one — the richest I have heard of — has about £2900 a year aB revenue from land. The situa tion of many temples Is charminsr. Soli tude, beautiful scenery, a mountain brook are: sought for. Trees are planted in abundance, especially such as are pro ductive of fruit suitable for market, materials used In dyeing, or flowers employed in the manufacture of perfumes. The monks grow tea and medicinal plants. They have lay brothers in their monasteries who attend to these things, and prepare produce for the market. To attract visitors it is also necessary to cultivate flowers, which are placed in the temple courts. Goldfish are kept in ponds, and this is considered specially appropriate, because it is meri torious to save the life of animals. In largo monasteries . among hills, water Is conveyed by bamboo pipes from a natural spring or mountain stream to those parts of the monastery where it is. required. In the rooms occupied by the abbot and his chief assistants are found many elegant ornaments. Buddhism has a doctrine of good luck, and it encourages the, use of the Tooyi, a kind of carved sceptre, which, if placed on a table; keeps away uncanny beings such as ? ghosts and demons; ? It is made of jade, or of some carved wood or bronze*. Vases, large and small are much used. Tables and boxes of dark and light coloured wood are liked in some parts of the country. OheBS-boards and check- pattern' furniture are made of these woods. In '' some of their furniture bone and ivory ornamental lines are inserted— in fact all the uaual specimens of Chinese and Japanese cabinet work are to be found in the monasteries of the Buddhists. Their ternples are a refuge for many valuable . antiques, which are under the care of the priests, iand at the same time are accessible ? - toj the public Painting and sonlpture owe much in China and Japan to the Buddhists, who in I both countries have aoted as custodians of iobjects of art, and transmitters of the - arts themselves. In regard to architec ture, the Buddhists have originated their own style in China, and have therefore a good right to live Id the temples they )ccupy. The curved roof was introduced' ' by. them. It appears to have come in with the pagoda, and ia probably intended to | act aa a check to demons, who move in straight lines ' and never turn a corner. Queer animal shapes are seen on the sky-line of the roof and on the cables. These are likewise a protection against demons. ThiB 1b also true of the^pair of stone liona which are placed in front of the temple, one on each side of the entrance door, or on the stone ' pavement which fronts the principal hall of Buddiat worship. When the Buddhist ' prieat dies, he is burnt, according to 'the' old Indian custom. Fire is a sacred element which drives out the impure \ parts of the human body that' are there through the agenoy of the evil . spirit. Fire tends to ascend, and carries the soul to the abode of the Supreme Ruler. Cremation be gan ia Persia, probably before Zoroaster, and it sorancr out of the earlv Bahvln. man philosophy of the elements. It had nothing to do with sanitation. It was simply a religious idea that originated it. Whan the body is disolved at death, fire conveys the pure parti to the celestial* paradise. ? It was ;thia custom in India that the Buddhists followed ia burning their dead. The Nirvana, or final extinc tion, is the end of the world's delusion. The priest is said to enter' the Nirrana when he dies, and the act of burlng is an outward sign of it, and, euphemistically. ' ???- they give it this name on the principle — de mortuis nil nisi bonur/b. Many an indifferently good priest is Baid in his epitaph to . have entered Nirvana who ought rather to have first gone through ?'?? very many purifying chaages in the wheel of metempsychosis. Epithaphsare notso truthful as they ought to be.' -^i' Sunday* ' at ?Home.' ; ? ? «fc . . — . - ' ? 