GOLDSMITH'S "Deserted Village" lines "Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay," Have a wider meaning than the absen tee one to which they are usually re stricted. They cover, in fact, the whole gospel of State Socialism, the object of which is to prevent the "decay" of men as a consequence of the accumu lation of wealth. Modern political economy, of the " survival of the fittest" order, accepts the decay of man as a matter of course, as a means of inciting everybody to accumulate wealth. This is paying too high a price for thrift and emulation, and the world at large is beginning to find that this is so, even as it found that slavery and feudalism were not sufficiently altruistic. The curious parallelism between Individual- ism and Anarchy, and even Despotism, is shown by this quality common to all three of deifying the accumulation or dissemination (per anarchy) of wealth, irrespective of consequences to the general status of civilisation. The wealth of the despots of India and else where has been accumulated by allow ing men to decay. What has been termed the Manchester school of politi cal economy is based on the self-same principle, but with different methods. The financial collapse which has over taken civilisation (especially in Victoria) has been brought about by the same worship of the accumulation of wealth (chiefly by the operation of the joint stock principle) irrespective of con equences to individuals, consequently those little rills of consequences have accumulated-into a flood of disaster under which it is literally true that "ill fares the land," and is likely to do for many years to come. Bimetallists discern the widespread nature of the evil, but are altogether wrong as to the cause, or the remedy. They confuse the functions of currency with the re sponsibilities of specie. There is no lack of currency in the world. Any one who possesses a cheque book has the command of currency until en quiries are made for the specie upon which the cheques are based. Bi metallists make no attempt to show how they would get over the deprecia tion of silver which has caused the appreciation of gold. The major factor in all currency problems is the stability of the specie upon which financial oper tions and calculations are based. In the meantime mono-metallists discard everything but gold. They may admit the temporary hardship of having to do so, and the confusion created with countries such as India, where silver has practically a more than legal tender use, but as they have not the responsi bility of creating an ideal civilisation they are content to hold their particular fort while mankind in general flounder about in trying to escape from a mutu ally destructive environment " where wealth (gold) accumulates, and men decay." That is our reading of mono- metallism, and the cure for it lies in State Socialism. That is difficult to introduce on a proper equipoise. We have had it and still have it in this colony on lop-sided lines. That is to say, the Government is Socialistic, but the people are not. It may take many years before they see the necessity of becoming so. The only possible Con- servatism under Democracy is State Socialism. The logical alternative is Anarchy. Some people (notably the Australasian, a few weeks back) cling to mere co-operation as sufficient, but that is as limited in its possibilities as the control of a father over his family. That is a microcosm of co-operation in all its forms, and is neither permanent nor comprehensive. Theoretically all civilisation, in so far as it accepts Christianity, is Socialistic, but as it does not accept that doctrine practically, but only as a mystical " other-world" ideal, the change of base required is State Socialism, which is the medium path between Communism and An- archy. The Myrniong races on the Ingliston course are the local attraction for New Year's Day. The Melbourne G.P.O. is still reluctant to replace the evening mail to Bacchus Maarsh. A more disgraceful example of incapacity in a public Department has never been brought under our notice. Contractors for Bacchus Marsh Shire works are reminded that tenders have to be in by 10 a.m. on Council days, to be opened by the works committee. The weather during the last half of December was mf the kind which should have prevailed during November, being unusually co for the most part, with a good deal of st rain followed by cloudy, humid weather The record is as follows: 12th, 58 point; 13th, 45; 14th, 6; 15th, 35; 21st, 30; 23rd, 59; 25th, 1; 26th, 10; 27th, 1. The entertainment on Boxing night in aid of Maddingley Park was not so well attended as usual, a variety of causes con tributing to this, principally the wet weather, and the prospect of heavier rain. The uncertainty as to what the programme was to be had some effect in diminishing the attendance. The 2s. admission fee is also a handicap upon all entertainments not of the first order of excellence (or thought likely to prove to be so). How ever, the performance given was fairly sat. isfactory, and was of the " variety" music hall" turn" character, its chief defect being that there was scarcely enough of it, and the audience contributed its part to the "flatness" by being anxious, for the most part, to get to the dancing. Mr. James Gay gave a good stump speech upon " Politicians;" also some negro imperson ations and comic songs. Mr. Yeats L. Cunningham did similar business, and the two appeared in combination, the most successful item being a farce with a ghost in it. Mr. Reid Smith gave some ventril. oquism of more than average excellence, also some good conjuring tricks with cards and coins. Cr. G. Dickie, J.P., occupied the chair, and thanked the audi. ence for their attendance, regretting that the wet weather had caused a loss to the Park. Messrs. W. Anderson & Bence report having held on the 18th inst., in con junction with Messrs. Adamson, Strettle & Co., a special sale of stock, when the5 sold 300 head of fat and store cattle or account of various owners, at the following prices :-Bullocks, light weights, from £L 10s. to £4; fat cows, £38 5s. to £3 17s. 6d.: dairy cows, £3 6s. to £5; backward springers, £3 7s. 6d. to £4 17s. 6d.; young cattle from 10s. to 17s. 6d.; 2-yr-old steers, 41s.; store cows to 45s. A number of horses and sheep were sold at satisfactor3 prices. A sale of furniture at Melton ol 22nd inst., was very successful. Piano and stool, brought £38; wardrobes to .£3; sideboards, 45s.; Vienna suite, £3 ; other articles sold well. Privately, they have sold a thoroughbred colt by Mentor from Hestia to Mr. W. J. Minns, of Melton. Also, for stud purposes, out of the district, brown mare, Gentility, by The Marquis; bay mare, Raillery by Piscator from Eu genie, at highly satisfactory prices. The Canterbury Times in reviewing the shows of this year, says:-"The system of having only a single judge was tried at several of the shows, notably Hawke's Bay, Ashburton, and Oamaru, and seems to have been generally considered an im provement. The work was got through more expeditiously than under the two or three judges system, and the decisions rave equal satisfaction to exhibitors and the public. When one or more judges are working together a great deal of time is lost in arguing or agreeing, and it is .no uncommon thing for them to disagree and cause ill-feeling between themselves and the public. From the experience of the system there are many things to be said in favour of single judges, and it is much easier to get one good judge than to get two or th-ree cood :-en." 