ROUND THE WORLD. A VICTORIAN SEPTUAGENARIAN'S EXPERIENCES. In a handsomely got np and well illustrated volume, a reepeoted Melbourne eitUeu reoorde his impressions of a journey round the world in 1S90. Though printed for privete circu lation only, if we mey judge by the pleasure and orofit derived from its perusal, the pub- lishers, Messrs Ford and Son, Carlton, will have many applications for oopi6B« The well-known figure of Mr W. levers, sen., is familiar to most Mel bourne residents j fow however, know that the staid old gentleman, who for forty y carts has gone out and in amougetos, had spent a stormy and adven turous youth in the British Navy, seeing service ou many eeas, meeting with adven- tures in many lands. To his naval experiences he added those of a pioneer in Canadian forests before finally settling down in Mel bourne. Here by strenuous and un wearied industry, he has won for him self a position of oomfort, and tbe respect of his fellow-citizens, Strong in will, like Tennyson's Ulysses, he conld not bring him self 44 to rast unburnished, not to ehine in nse so in 1S90, aocompanied by hu eon, the popular member for Carlton, he old gentleman started to explore new laude aud revisit old scenes. In a faithfully kept and unpretending jonrnal of each day's experiences, he recorded his impressions of men and manners, and he has now, in bis 4 Fifty Years1 After: or Old Scenes Re- visited, ' given these permanent form. In a kindly and sympathetic preface, Mr James Moloney, with admirable literary tact, intro- duces his old friend, and rings up the curtain. The journey itself, inoluding visits to Egypt, Palestine Italy, France, Great Britain, Ire land, Canada, and the United States was a remarkable feat ior one of Mr levers' years. Still more remarkable is the personality re vealed in its record. To the keenest sus ceptibility for all that attests material pro gress aud prosperity there is added that responsiveness to the storied and romantic past only possible for a well -cultivated mind. Due note is taken ef the benefits of British inflaenoe in Egypt, of tho new life in re generated Italy, of the so :ial betterment of i the working classes in England and Ireland, : and of the social problems in course of eolation in tbe New World. B-Jt not less interesting are the pas- satfes whioh chronicle the emotions stirred by the sights of Jerusalem, by the Jordan and other sacred scenes, by Pompeii, Romeg Stratford-on- Avon, Abbotsford and other »pot famed in story. Old age has come to the writer as " a lusty winter, frosty, but kindly," leaving unchilled the genuine catholicity of spirit which glows on every page, undeadened the simp'® childlike piety, of which this unprotendirg record furnishes so many proofs. We oull one or two extracts for tne benefit of our readers. A BENDIGOMAN AND THE RESURRECTION. 44 We were nesting Colombo. Paring the night there was heavy rain and a thick fog ; eo much so that tbe captain, for safety, slowed the engines and kept blowing the fog- bom. A Jewish gentleman, who hails from Sandhurst, was woke up out of his sleep by tbe horn blowing. Startled by the fearful noise, in tbe confusion, and only half aw&ke;, be took it into bis head that tbe ship was being lost, and that it wee tbe blowing of tbe horn which is to assemble all tbe Children of Israel in Palestine at the last day. This gentleman was greatly comforted on dis covering bis error, and said he was in no hurry to visit tbat country eo long as be conld help it. Feasibly champagne over night hadaomething to do with his delusion. However, we have to thank him for a good laugh." 4 'An amusing incident at Colombo will gladden the heart of Mr Fitzgibboo : THE MAGIC OF A NAME. 44 Poring our brief stay in Colombo we couriered several vcoiciee, eacu uuioiog lour persons, aud made np a party to visit tbe Huborbe, cinnamon groves, markets, aud a famous Brahtaa temple, and also to explore the native town. Two or three miles out we oame on a museum of very pretentious ap pearance. It was tbirn 0 o'clock, and tbe doorkeeper said it would not be open to anyone till ten, as the curator and other high officials bad not arrived. The morning was very bot, and we were all anxioos to get under shelter, so my 6on resolved to test the power of the Melbourne Corporation intro duction, with its formidable gold seal and Town Clerk's letter, on tbe official mind. It was enoloeed in a crimson morocco case let tered in gold. I, as tbe senior member of tbe company, presented it to tbe door-keeper. He took it inside for a few minutes, then the chief attendant, accompanied by other of- ficials, appeared iu person, bowisu iu the most courteous manner, aud motion ing to us and our friends to enter the boilding. 1 suspect be must have thought us very important personages, as our credentials were a perfect 44 open sesame," aod in the most polite manner he showed us all over tbe building. Relics of the past of every kind were hereto l>e teen, both in their natural state and pre served— birds, beasts, fiebes, gods and goddesses, jewellery two thousand yeare old, sxmor of tbe quaintest kind. We thanked the janitor, and after the usual backsheesh to tbe attendants, bade bim good-bye, mounted our carnages, tbe officials bowing low to the ground, and drove off." « A mournful interest givei value tonbe following kindly and sympathetic notice oi A LAMENTED MELBOURNE PASTOR. <l Sunday, 9th March. — We expect this evening to enter tbe Straits of Bebdman- deb, tbe entrance to tbe Red Sea. Churoh service was conducted in tbe saloon by tbe Rev. Mr Ross; atid the Rev. Mr Running, assisted by Mr Ross, oonducted two religious services on the second cabin deck. Mr Dun ning appears to me to be a very zealous, God fearing man. Mrs Bunning reodere great service by visiting and &6i>ieting a lot of poor aick people in tbe steerage of tbe 6bip, and have beard several of them speak in tbe moet grateful terms of her kindness and charity tow&rde; them." POMPEII. 44 What a mockery of human greatness and human vanity is a walk through this rilent city of the dead. There is ooe cursed section of it that conveys an awfnl lesson to all moral thinking men, that special portion devoted to namelees vices, which, tbaok God, a large portion of the Christian world is perfectly ignorant of. Snoh prac tices were degrading to our common human oature, but so debased and sunk iu sensuality must these people have been that the common shame which usually accompanies these evil practices was notknowuto them. In tbe vartous chambers where these unnatural orgies took place tbe walls arc covered with filthy pictures in full detail, eo well executed that after tho lapse of eighteen hundred years many of the colors and figures are still perfect, and no one who sees them can fail to loathe those Vila produc tions and their authors. No wonder, I think, that tbe same fate that befell the cursed cities of the Plain — Sodom and Gomorrah — whose site we had lately visited on the dead sea shore, befell them. - t was glad to observe that no females or youths are permitted to inspect these rooms ; a soldier goes with each party to see that the rale is complied with. As a wind-up to the visit to Pompeii, we went to the National Museum, and, as an object lesson, it has made an indelible impression on my mind. There exposed to view are all the appliances that make every-day life enjoyable; those ancient people knew all about them, most things we enjoy in onr daily life are tbere, and as for tbe jewellery and articles In geld a&d; nlrer, let with pteoton. elonw adornment, they are there i Loaree of breed end ormfeottonej nndto tbe baker.' orena ere there perfeot in form. The eight, too, of the J"?1 were women end ebildren, jnet ee toey found, aomein apparent agony to shield their feoes from the burning lara ta sad indeed : among" them Ueepoor woman aud her daughter olaaped together in the last mortal ugeuy." . , . Mr levers found the New Rome of lend booms and jerry-builders' triumphs not at all the Rome of hi" imagination. He had however, 110 cause to oo®P don. Among the high-pleoed dignitaries of the Pontifical court he found some who ttasffS'srfflfflv? smoothed away, etiquette had torolaxite roles, and by speoial favor our author and a party of his fellow travellen had AUDIENCE OF HIS HOLINESS, THE POPE- 14 At a quarter to twelve our party sen out in three carriages for tbe palace of tbe Vatloan, and were met at the foot of the grand fitair- oase of white marble by the Swiss Guard, a fine-looking set of men in semi-armor and fifteenth century dress, armed with long, formidable-looking pikes and short ewoida; the dress quaint, bnt soldier-like, We; mounted those beautiful stairs leading to the private apartments of the Pope, and were soon in the midst of, evidently, the holiest, the fairest, and the bravest in the land. Soon we found ourselves in the large apartment ad joining the Grand State Room, in whioh bis Holiness receives his visitors, and after our letter of admission wag 44 vlseed' by offioiale of moat solemn appearanoe, we were intro duced into tbe reception room, an apartment of most gorgeous and splendid appearance, with a rioh, ancient-looking tapestry pour- traying Soripture and historic subjects. A raised velvet divan ran all round the room, the centre being altogether unoccupied. Among the grand offioials that we met before entering the reception room I PMoimised Monsicnor O'Brien, a dignitary whom I remembered as a guest at the house of our reepeoted priest in Carlton, the Rev. Father O'GontielL Moneignor eeemedtobe k leading personage here, and spoke most kindly to us. In the grand reception room we fouod a orowd of eooleslastios, ladies, gentlemen, all seated, and evidently of exalted rank, judging from the atten tion iid to them by the house hold prelates and officers of the court. After a short delay a slight buzz was heard, and at the far corner through a doorway ap peared His Holiness, surrounded by numerous attendants, cardinals aod bishops. AU at once feU on their knees, and tbe i'ope, who was dressed plainly in white flannel, or very light olotb, with crimson skull cap aud crosses on his white shoes, very this, slightly bent with years, but of a most amiable ap pearanoe, commenced to progress slowly round with a kind word or other ex- poession to every one, signing most of them with tbe sign oi ffie cross on their forehead. Of our company Willie and I were furthest from him. I caught the worda 44 Australia," 44 Protestant," uttered by the grand secretary. When he was in front of our company be seemed pleased, and elevated himself when addressing our non- Catholic fellow- tourists, speakings kind word to each lady and gentleman. When be reached us, I being nearest, he paused. The Cardinal said, "Catbolio, father and son." He spoke in Italian, and the Holy Father laid hie hand on my bead. I asked bis Meeting for self and family, which be imparted to me most solemnly, and gave me bis ring to kiss, which I did in the moat reverent manner. He passed on to Willie, who was evidently much affected, and dealt with htm mncb as be had done with me. Many of the visitors bad quantities of beads and relics to receive tbe Apostolic benediotion with themselves. When tbe Pope had gone quite round to the place whence be started, be suddenly advanced unattended, and alone into tbe oentre of the room, all assembled being on their knees, and elevating himself to his fullest height be threw his hands high over his head and said that we were all tho children of God, onr common Father, and as such be blessed us. He then dropped his left hand, and signing tbe cross in the air over ns all, imparted to us and onr families the Apostolic benediotion in the name of the Father, the Son and the,. Holy Ghost. At this moment the eoene was most awe-inspiring, several ladies and gentlemen, sobbing loudly, and all deeply impressed with the solemn scene. His Houness tnen took his departure, and we went baok to our hotel highly pleased and edified." Gladly would we follow Mr levers to England, Scotland, Ireland and America. The interest of his volume rises step by step as be treads famibar ground, and notes tbe results of fifty years of change. There is much that is new and suggestive iu his pic tures of tbe homelands, but our space com- pels us to part from him. There is both pleasure aud profit to be derived from the perusal of his delightful volume, and wo are sure that no one will close it without an iu. creased feelioc of admiration and resnect for the venerable authcr. John Keid. 