T .HIM BL . " BY GEORGE FOSBniY. Yes, sir, I am a universal provider on a very large scale, and' I am pre pared to suppiy you at short notice with everything you can possibly require from your cradle to your grave. Iam speaking literally. Metaphor is the one thing in which the interests of my business will not permit me to deal. Withjregard to cradles, you can be suited at our establishment with any thing from a size 1, Untrimmed, Black Jappaned, Follheight. second quality Child's Cot at 17s 6d., less five per cent. discount for cash, to a Siz~ 2, Trimmed, 39 inch Infant's Bassinette up to any price in Black, Cream, and gold, with Pink, Sky, Cardinal, and Cream nett: ing. "And, as to graves, we have just now a remarkably nice assortment. Eh I what's the matter? Wandering from -the point -was I So I was. Really, I must ask you to excuse me i I need hardly tell you that my wife, Mrs. Brownlow, is very much looked up to in our neighbourhood, and that we are admitted into the very best society. We know this, because we areon visit ing terms with Mrs. Frumpington Beade, and she told as herself she was -very particular, which at once put us ~t our ease. Well, as I was going to say, we were invited a while ago to Mrs. Frumping ton Beade's private theatricals, for which we supplied the scenery and dresses, and the music; and there Iwas int oduced to one of the prettiest women I ever came across an my life ; and that is saying a good deal. Mrs. Harlingham, the lovely lady in question, made herself very agreeable to me. After the theatrical performance she led me away to a quiet corner be hind a screen in the hback balcony. She asked me all about my business, and took the greatest interest in everything I told her. By way of interesting her still more, I alluded to the romantic side of my occupation. She was im mensely entertained by my description of some of the tricks played by mon omaniacs and the light-fingered gentry of London upon our customersand upon ourselves. Many a clever shop lifter, I said, is for all the world a real lady like your slf. Like me l ex,'laimed pretty Mrs. Hurlingham, usistakiang what I had -said. I hastened to correct the impression. Yes, like you ; that is to say-ahem i -as oeautiful as you. ? rs. Hurling. ham ;.that is to say, not quite so! I flatter myself this was rather nest. lrs. H. must have thought so too. for it made her laugh. I have heard something of the kind before in Paris, she said. Ali, Paris I repeated. That re ,minds me that we received a warning a day or two ago from the French police against a very artful woman of this kind who has come over here for change of air. and scene. Wh-at is she like ? inquired charming irs. Hurlinglham. What is she like I I echoed; and then I saw my chance for another bit of smartness. Like, why her description might do for you -alhem ! Tall, elegant figure, stylishly dressed, possessed of considerable personal charms and most fascinating address. Mrs. Hurlingham again laughed heartily at may sally. It was rather a sna art one, wasn't it 1 Just as well Mrs. Brownlow was down at supper ! Do these--a-thieves ever get punished I asked my fair companion, with a wicked little smile. Always, I replied, in the end : I euppose you mean that they in wvariably fall into the hands of tie police i she said. Not exactly, I replied. We seldom 'prosecute. It would not injure our reputation. For petty pilferers it is alnost enough when they are found out in the act. I have known the shock of discovery cure more than one before now. Their conscience punishes them sev.rely. Then you believe in Nemesis, MJr. Brownlow ? I didn't krow what Nemesis was; it wasn't in our catalogue. I believe it is an Egyptian mummy, and rd guarantee to get one if you'd give me the f..vour of your esteemed order. So I said: Of :coarse! I believe in Nemesis down to the ground. SWhat, she continued, do you really thinuk retaihution is bound to overtake the unscrupulous, however skilful they mRay he k hound to, I said. You might as well doubt that honesty is the best policy. It is by always selling a good article- and by strict attention to busi ness that I have become a rich man. I said this with parrlnnable pride, but I regret to say it did not impress Mrs. Iurlingham as much as it ought to ahave done. She looked at me so0e what coldly, and said: I thought shoidy goods and over -working employds were the royal road to wealth in these days i Though I am not exactly thin skinnbed, this remark of hers'hurt me. It was spiteful, though it did not apply in the least to me. John Brownlow sells nothing but the best, or second best, articles; and he never keeps his shop girls standing more than ten hours a day. Come, come, added Mrs fudrlingham, when she saw that I didn't care for chff ,on such a sulject; I didn't meran to offend you, Mr. Brownlight l You won't turn me out of your pre. oises'when I come there shopping will you And she smiled sweetly. Not for worlds, ma'am-not for worlds. You shall have anything you like at cost price if you will send me sour dard to my private roonm. I was just finishiag my sentence, in as courteous and confidential a manner as I could assume, consistently with my beiag a maar-ied man, you understand, when I hecame aware of the presence of a third party at thie tete-a-tete, My wife had come suddenly round th. screen. Mrs. Brownlow didn't say anything, but I thnughlt it b st to make my bow to Mrs. Hurlingham. Tinme to go my dear; is it; I asked calmly of Mrs Brownlow. High time ! she :eplied, very stily, as we moved away. And pray, Mr. Brownhl'w, what is Mrs. Hurlinghamn going , t enad her card inlto your private room far. I needn't trouble you, gentle reader, a with the ready explanation I gave. It is beneath a man of my standing to ?r-aricarse. I told the truth. Youa( -would.-believe that I told the truth. I Am sure my wife didn't. i And p'perhlps you'l??' good enough to inform me 'who' this f'scinating young woman isI resumed Mrs. Brown low as we drove home in our comfor ' ble brougham. I overhead, my dear, that she was the wife of her Majesty's Third Secretary of Legation at some place or other abroad. Oh. John ! exclaimed my better-half, softening. Why didn't you say;sso sooner I Her Majesty's Third Secretary of what did you say l Legation, my love, Legation. Her Majesty's-well, there nowl I knew Mrs. Frumpington Beade was very particular. Do you think Icould call John, and ask this Mrs. Hurling ham to dinner i I shall be delighted-that is-I mean-Ive no doubt you could, dear, if you set your mind to it. Mrs. Brownlow did set he mind to it, and in a very short time we (that is my wife of course) became very friendly with handsome Mrs. Hurlingham. Meantime Mrs. Hurlingham came to be a constant visitor to Brownlow's Emporium. Sometimesshe sent in her card and paid a visit in my sanctum strictly on besiness, as I need hardly say. One day Mrs. Hurlingham sent in her card, in the usual way, and was shown into my room. She looked pale and nervous. She was evidently distressed about something. As soon as she was seated she began to say, in hesitating tones, that she was in pecuniary difficulties, and that her husband was unable to send her as much money as usual from abroad. I was not to mistake her. She did not intend to borrow money. But she had somelittle trinklets of her own, wedding presents, she said, for which she was anxious to obtain the full value in cash. Would I help her. I reflected for an instant. It was obviously inconvenient that a private transaction of this sort should be carried out in my own jewellery de partment. It might-I merely thought it might-lead to some misunderstand. ing, if not scandal. It occurred to me that I had half an hour to spare, a thing that had never happened to ame during business hours for twenty years. I undertook her commission to dispose of the trinklets; and after handing mo a little packet of rings and brooches, she expressed an amount of gratitude which I would rather. Mrs. Brownlow knew nothing about. Sheleft me, after saying she would call again on the following morning. I took a hansom to Bond Street, and astonished my old friends Bangle and Son, the celebrated silversmiths, by paying them a morning visit. Without giving atly particulars, I told them that a friend of mine had asked ame to dis pose of the little packet of jewellery. They gave me a liberal sum for the parcel, and I was on the point of de narting, when I noticed a tray of Indian silver thimbles, perhaps a score or so, on the counter. How do you sell these 1 I asked out of pure curiosity, knowing we had the same article, ticketed one-and eleven pence-threefarthings, at the Emporium. Half-a-crown, answered Mr. Bangle senior. I took up one of the thimbles and Inoked at it. To my surprise I found that it bore on the inside our own private umark. Where did you get these I inquired, showing as little embarrasment as possible. A lady brought them here and pestered us till we bought them, replied Mr. Bangle junior. What I all the twenty I I exclaimed. Yes, exclaimed Mr. Bangle senior. She said she had expressed a wish for an Indian silver thimble, .tad her friends played her a practical joke by each aiving her one on her birthday. She was so angry that alhe wanted to sell them all. SStrange! I mused. And what was the lady like 3 I had become inquisitive. Tall, said Mr. Bangle senior. And good-lpqking~.verygood-looking said Mr. Bangle junior, with a laugh. Stylishly dressed, added the elder Mr. B. Very elegant figure, added his son. An awkward misgivingseized me. I was afraid to say anything more. Good day, and thank you, I said, hurrying away. Go-d-day, Mr.Brownlow, and thank you, rejoined Messrs. Bangle and Son in a breath. As soon as 1 was ,ack again in my sanctum,':I sene for the manager of our jewellery department. )h--ah-by the.wny, Mr. Stone have you missed nythling trom your counter. lately I Yes, sir, replied my suhordinate; I am sorry to say we have. It isn't muchl, and I should have mentioned it sooner, but we only discovered the loss in stock taking this morning. Go on, sir, I said anxiously. There is a deficit of twenty Indian silver thimrbles, sir. ihey cannot have been taken all at once without our notice. It must hIave been done by degrees. Do you suspect anybody 9 I nave no evidence to go upon, sir. Itisnot anyof your staffl I asked. Certainly not, sir. They are all tried men. Tlhen they must have been abstracted by some person who constantly visits your counter. Have you any such person in your mind 1 The only customnles who coiners to us often, sir, is the lady that sends her card in to you-a friend of yours, Ibe lieve, sir. She brings us some trifling repairs to do nearly every day. Mrs. Hurlingllhnm, I think her name is. For a moment I turned dizzy. Sus picion must ,he diverted from that quarter immediately. Yes, I said sternly, Mrs. Hurlingham is a friend of mine. She is incapable of taking the thimbles. Certainly, assented my manager. That will do for today. You will use the customary precautions to per vent a recurrence of this, if possible. By the way: bring me a tray of these thimbles, and leave it here. I should like to have a good look at them. Yes, sir. Ad--just send me Mr. Coil, the manager of the Electrical Department. When Mrs. Hurlingham called next morning, I caused her to be shown into my room, and I received her with my customary manner. I handed over to her the proceeds of y the sale of her trinklets, and again abshe y loaded'nie with expressions of heartfelt gratitude, and so on. .Whln shlrose too, I remainedat my desk, instead of advancing to show her out. dear the door stood a table, and on the table lay the tray of Indian silver thimbles which I had ordered Mr. Stona to bring to me the previous day. Between me and this table Mrs. Hurlingham suddenly halted. I pretended to be occupied with the papers on my desk. She leant one hand on the table, very near to the place where the thimbles lay, and then she turned towards me once more. Mr. Brownlow --you have done me a great service, and I am -Oh I what isthis! help! I am dying! She :adetarted violently, anld almost fallen to the ground. I did not move, though she staggered a couple of paces forward, as one who is shot. No, Mrs. Hurlingham you are not dying. 'There is nothing the matter, unless it is with your conscience. What do you mean ! she exclaimed in an agony of fright. You will remember, I said, mytelling you at our first meeting that retribution inevitably overtakes those who deserves It. Nemesis ! she gasped.' Yes, I replied, Nemesis, Rameses anything you like to callit. Youlhave had one warning today,' evidently. Don't tempt me to repeat it. Hadn't you better return to Patris for your health. The miserable woman turned as pale as a ghost. I struck my hand bell. A porter entered. Show this lady into a hansom, and send Mr. Coil-here. The porter obeyed; Mrs. Hurlingham sent on withoutta word. Two minutes later. the manager of the Electrical Department entered the room. . Please to disconnect that current from the silver thimblesMr 'Coil, and take the apparatus away. Yes, sir. And by the way, as I said before, be careful to say nothing about itto anybody. You will be glad to know that Mrs. Hurlingham left England hurriedly for the Continent. She is not likely to trouble us again. But Mrs. Brownlow, who knows nothing of all this, never ceases to regret the absence of the wife of one of Her Gracious Majesty's Third Secretaries of Legation.--Argosy. 