MEN OF MUSCLE. GIANTS THAT HAVE FIGURED IN THE . PAST. : Of the wonderful athletes of all ages, }silo of Creton is perhaps the most known." Hqonco ran a mile with an ox on his shoulders; then, with a blow of his fist, he killed the bes? and ateitinoneday. . "The strongest man could not take from Milo a pomegranate which he held between lis two lingers, although a woman he loved is 'saidto have doiteit. IHe could break by contracting his veins and muscles, a cord tied round his forearm. One day, being in a house with some popilsof Pythagora, the ceiling threat ned to fall in, but Milo supported the calumn os which it rested, thus giving his friends time to e cape. His death ii well known. He tried to tear asunder theo truik of a tree, baut his hands got i-- nched in. ti:e .,?ood, and being unableito dis-. ;lhea,,. i.7 perished, devoured by wild beasts. Theagenes of Thaeos, who, with a body like that of Apollo and the strength of Hercules, surpa;sed all his rivals in all kinds of exercises, won-seer 1,400 prizee. EIurybate, Chile, Euthymos, and Astydamus won also renown as wonderful athletes. The strength of Samson is too well kno?n to need description here. The Roman Emperor Ca'us Julius Verns IMaximus was a marvel of strength, being able to squeeze the hardest stone to powder with his fingers. He was upwards of eight feet in height, and his wife's bracelet could serve im as a fingerring. " Salvis, of Rome, could walk up a lado carrying 200lb. eo his shoulders, 2001b. in hands, and 2001b. fastened to his feet. t Athanatus could run round the arena carry-. in=- 001b. fastened to his fet. Iccns could hold the mosn furiousoull and tear away his horns as easilt asone soold pull pp radiae,. I . caSsdrberg, Xing of Altbnia, w lived in • .'?an orts time. 55e was a mal gr-eat_ etAture, and the power of his arm was such that he thought nothing of cutting two men in halves with one single blow of his sword. Francis of Vivonne, Lord of Chasteignerave. who lived at the Court of Francis 1. of France, could stop a bull by seizing it by the horns. Louis de Douflfers, who lived in the sixteenth century, could break a bar of iron with his hands. The strongest man cauld not take from him a ball which he held between his thumb and first finger. While standing up. with no support what ever, four strong soldiers could not move him; he remained as firm as a rock. Sometimes he amused himself by taking on his shoulders his own horse, fully harnessed, and with thai heavy load he promenaded the pubhe square to the great delight of the inhabitants. At about the same time therelived a Spaniard named Piedro, who could break the strongest handcuffs that could be put rounsd his wrists. He folded his arms on his chest, and test ren I- pulling in different directions with ropes could not unfold them. Augustus II., Elector of Saxony, was a man of greath strength; he could carry a man in his open hand. One night he quietly threw out of a window a monk who paraded his palace, pre tending to be a ghost. Augustss'e son, the famous Mlaurice, 3uarechal de Saxe, who commanded the French at Fontenoy, was also a marvelof strength. On one occasion he twisted with his fingers only a tong nail into a corkscrew, with which he drew the corks of half a dozen bottles. He could break with his hands the strongest horseshoe. One day when in London he had a row with a dustman, when he seized the man by the head, and, throwing him in the air, let him dron right in the middle of his own dust-cart. The only opponent who succeeded in resisting him was a woman, a. Mdllo. Gauthier, an act ress. Maurice tried with her to see who could put down the other's wrist, and after a long struggle she won, but with the greatest diffi culty. The power of Mdlle. Gauthier's arm was far beyond the common, and with her fingers she could roll up silver plates as easi'y as any one would paper. Thomas 'topham, born in London in 1710, was a man possessed of extraorditnry strength. He once lifted three casks filled with water and weighing in aU llFG pounds. He is said to have hod the combined strength of I2 men. He could bend a stout bar of iron by hold ing the two ends with his hanjs, placing the middle of the bar behind his neck and bringing the two ends s:rward. He could also undo what he had d,:--that is, straighten the bar again, a mouch more difficult feat. He broke a r:pe fastened on the ground that would sustain .2,001b. weight, and hfted annak table 6tt. long with his teeth, though a half hundredweight was hung at the extremity. C'ith one hand he raised a ,man who wgighad 7 stone. ?,,?. seeing a watchman asleep in his be aay;ro.ndr batdal ansd, box a losg Pa t ? i +'us th at. htlng. artrsmely knwnfi aslt u th a m extreme agony) ro . A o d o tho 1roadway t Aelina --ublic-house in Iling. wnrdifa aw-eo tuarrellerd with him to such an extent that she mdrove him to commit suicide. Hercules, Samsdons, ciile and many other wonders of bodily strenuth had to give ray to a woman; so did Topham. apparently. At about the same time as Topham there lived another wonderfully strong man. Richard Joy, whose feats smay posibly have-got mixed in records with those of Topham. oRichard Joy was already renowned for his marvellous strength boforreTopham was born. He was commonly known as the "Kentish Samson"and the "Strong Matt of Kent." Aong other things, hbe could cope successfaully aginsboany powerful horse, lift a Son weight, and nssp a rope that bore 3.500 pounds without breakiag, the latter being far more extraordin ary than Topham's similar feat He was drowned is a smugling expedition some ten yearn before Topham's deathl, and is buried in the churchyard of St. Peter's Church, near Broadstairs. A Scotchmau, said to he the last of the Stuarte, seas also lsoseosed of exsa:tordiory strength, from which circumstance he got the byname of Jermmy Strength. Among other feats, he could-carry a "-pounder caunon., and had been known to lift a cartload of hay weighing a ton nod a half upou his back. Loany a time he took up a jsckass, and, carry. ing it on his shoulders, walked through the tll-gate. ABelgian giant could stand oup under two tons. Jonathan Forler a IMassachusetts fisherman, once walted ogot knee-deep through tbhe mud and filth of a s?,ehore at low tide to a shark left by the retiring waters, shouldered it, and brought it alive ss his back to the shore. The sharkweighed ;:q pounds, quite a load, con sidering that it seas not the most portable of articles, and that she mson had to ;reds shrsuch Dr Winship, the welt-knoan American : athlete, raised trom the ground 1,1901b. A neeaan on board the celebrated cruiser the Alabama, a Scotchman uamet? 3ill. could lift a man atarm's length with one husid. Abraham Lincoln, the martyr freaident, was anman of great strength. He could with one 'blow bury an axe in the tnmk of a tree deeper than asy other man, ossd he is sold to have thrown across the roadway a pigeon heseeweighin g 60el. 