A rtIs'oiATrrON of 1,200,000, "mostly fools," wou'ld be the vordict of the bluiit 8age of Ohelsoa if his "spirit" could hio brought back to prominence upon the possibility of bAlis, MAitr,oN making dupes at this timo of day. Years ago' we were threateoned with a boom in Yankee ghosts, and the business pro misod to he a pronounced suacess, Prominent among the morl!ums of that day was one of the lato membors for Northumberland, whose wonderful visibns from tranot-land wore duly authenticated by a well-known inodioo of, cold-water cure, gold-digging, par liamontary fc no. The doctor has one of those stalwart intellects not to be imposed upon by such upeOrstitions ns those'of the orthodox oroods, Not ho, indob'd I A brand now religion was his goa,.. And the brilliant phyBician, if ho l did not himself disoover it, was ooni tent. to sit at the foot of its no lose brillinit exponent, 'lom, And Toom fooled him and others to the top of thei' bhnt,, li'r with tho advont of oonjuror BAronwIN the "spirits" took fright, and,.without tho slightoat apology for thoir rudonoss, left thoir votarios with. out bho usual oourtosy of saying good niglht, With thalt , xposurno of " nngio " theo 'snolc inarldtry languiishl, and it w?ranaly at intrmittont pori drs that colonists wor t rominled that ti thr hila boon spiritual viostralnt, T!hn cranin Moe, MriLt.,o, Shit, too, thoiught it good polloy to lay violent hands on it doctor, anil secoonrlred in bowitching the modtido whoso famr will go dlown to r?r moto postority indtlissolubly lin o?id wilth thi ll marblo man." 'liha triiniplhnn, flourish with whliiolm Iu lutor iohnppril inaio nlllitormnel all the orial dotraotora of thli fairh' and honoet woman is now known to history, ' \~icWN conjuror flos INOa meekly suggested, that without the aid of spirits he could dnplicate all that Alas. MBOrLoN could do with their assistance, tlhe doctor rebuked him in a fashion him more determined to show the hollow humbug of the whole affair as a manifestation of spirit phenomena hin. I-OSKIwNO has now proved to the satisfaction of overybody fit to be out side a lunatio asylum, that all the vagaries ot Mis. M IICLoN were so much legerdemain. At any rato he has hoist'td that good woman and her dogmatio protogas on the horns of a "eary awkward dilemma. MIns i, Alcr,oN, to say nothing of DRi, M'O?wrAIItvnmust now admit that the " Cissia " and "Josophino " and " Geordin" of her acquaintanco have put in an appoarance at the entertain ment provided by Mn,. JIosicNa. If there are "spirits'" at all appearing under MIsR. LItroN's auspices to vouch for her bona fides, and to convince the world of sceptics of the possibility of spirit communication with the earth, how is it they now manifest themselves in company with this blaspheming triokstor, HlosecxIG ? His sole husineoss is to convince the world th t as resurrected ghosts, this trio are unmitigated frauds, and they as ghosts have no more savoy than to second AMn, II.6osiia's endeavours, Either those are not spirits at all, or theoy are the most unprincipled and shameless imps that could come from the oether regions, and I)ns, M'OAn 'riy and Oncun are welcome to which alternation they please., MAl, I-ositINa will still go on raking in the shekols, and will laugh in his caps ious sleeve at the choap adver tisement MAs, MuiLr.oN'and Di., I'VOARnnY l hwve given him, And as a apeoimnon of the startling resources of the magic man it is innocent enough, But] beyondi 'hat, it is nearly time surely that he had a rest froni this spirit tomfoolery, The most mar vellous and indeed the most ihumiliating aspect of the whole business is the clhildish gullibility with which other wise sane men havo rushed to the con clusion that the solo explanation of these wonders is to be found in spiritual manifestation, ,Ar, owINo that there is a world of spirit, and that it is closely in touch with our own sphere, it passes compro honsion how any level-headed individa al can for a momont suppose that these spiritual beings can find no more dignified and 'useful employment titan whet is palmed upon them by D)n. AM'OAiruir r and his circle, Some would have us believo that such inanities as are witnessed in the ordinary seance are the most overwhelmingly convinoing proof of an after life of spiritual exis Lonce, T:o our mind the whole thing is one of the keeoonest blows at such a creed, What man or woman having any self-respect w-ould -Da, HI'OATnaf himself, like to spndendoudless ages in such company and such employment as that of Oissio and Geordio and the rest of them ? The business from top to bottom carries its own damnation stamped in its very face, 