71m a nip r v~f\T}_yr. ? ? U ,lx-. W XXI . Q,v x Robber Bears * at San 1 v ^ Mateo. i ' By Nathan D. Unier. In tbe early days of the Colorado gold fever it would .ha*o.;bBbn difficult to make: the inhabitants jof tjae^ little Mexican village of Puebla (now Puebla City) bolieve that Captain Vasco, the famous bandit chieftain of the San Mateo range, was not intelligently' and effectually assisted in his successful de fiance of efforts to capture him, by all the bean?, black, browjo, cinnamon and grizzly, 1 of tbe wild, wooded region and rock- piled heights contiguous to his mountain fast-, nces. - . - - ? i ? ' Indeed, sharers in thiB seemingly absurd belief were not wanting among the soldiers : and Bcouts at the neighboring fort; and) there whs, after all, some foundation in fact , | for the superstition. ? j The bears had been seen mingling freely j with the desperadoes in tbe thick of the ' | fight, during the la9t stand against the ' troopers, and contributing immensely to tbe j I victory. On all-foura or erect, armed with ' enormous knotted branches torn from trees, ! or with only their claws pawing amid the j deep F110W8 of -the higher precipices, and j sending down avalanches upon the heads of I the luckless assailants, their Bavage and phenomenal appcarancc .had struck super- , natural terror to the would-be bandit exter minators, and caused the attack to be relin quished in panic and dismay. A t least, such was the harden of the re ports, and there was enough foundation in ; these to afford room for any number of exag gerations, which the robbers were willing enough to turn to their account. But it was reserved for maiden purity and innocence to probe the dread mystery to the core. T l-i nn.) minlif iad WAM Anmk! nn-4 in fKn nor. A UWO \£U£»tltrlCB WCIC VUlUUlliCU IU tUC |ICI' eon of Isa, or Isadora, Mablana, an ignorant but very beautiful young blanket-weaver of Puebla, where th« scrapes , or Mexican blankets, produced by her old aunt Manuela and hersslf were unrivalled for their dura- bility, the brilliancy of their parti- colored Btripes, or their' ducks' -back capacity of shedding water. As a matter of course, Isa had admirers in plenty, for she was as amiable as she was charming ; but her favored admirer was Jim Scannell, a brave young hunter- scout in tbe military employment. 1 One bright winter morning, as Isa was on her way over the mountain trail on her fleet snow-shoes, and warmly muffled against the driving winds, she encountered her lover making biB way to tbe fort, and carrying on bis broad aboulders tbe carcase of a fat, l black-tailed doo, which he had that morning shot at the salt-licks of the Blue Water Canyon. '?Wliich way, Isa?' he asked, bis eyes dancing at the sight of her as he threw down his burden for a love-chat that was always in order with him. ' Not over Iiong Trail, surely?' . , , 1 ' Yes, Santiago,' responded ber delicious voice — she moBtly Spanishised his given I name thus — ' to my uncle's at San Felipe. W e are out of red and grey wools, and they must be bad or our loom will be idle.' ' To San Felipe I' cried the scout. 'You must not go, Isa — at least, not until I can go with you.' ?' I have no choice, 8antigo.' And a melting look in her deep eyes told how gladly she wonld have had his escort. ' But it is madness. The trail skirts the worst fastness of Vasco and bis band, and there'6 a chance of a fight to-day. A squad set out to reconnoitre before daybreak, with half a regiment of Mexican volunteers to back them. Besides, you might meet some of Vasco'e bears.' And he ended with a short laugh, though earnest enough in bis protest. lea gave a little shudder, but she was not wholly fearful. ' I muBt go, Santiago, Yasco or no Vascc,' 6aid she, Smiling. 'And as for the bears, ynu forget that Captain Jose was my poor father's friend, which would Btand me in good stead.' Scannell's face grew troubled. He did not forget that Isa's 'poor father' had been a robber- captain, into whose shoes Jose Vasco had stepped at the time of the former's violent death. Neither did be for get— still more maddening reflection I — tbat it bad been cut and dried between the former bravo and his lieutenant tbat Isadora was one day to be tbe l&tter;'s wife. ** Don't cross the Iionp Trail to-day,'' he persisted. 'There always danger when Vasco is abroad. T am on duty at tbe fort to-day, and to-morrow we make an attack on tbe outlaws. But after tbat I can ac company you to San Felipe.' ' I am not afraid. Besides, I have no choice. We have seven blankets promised, our looms are idle for lack of the scarlet wools, and an old Manuela wonld be frantic were I to return without them. Good-bye, 8antiago 1' She turned np the mountain, and he saw she was not to be dissuaded. ' What is the matter, dearest T Is that the way we separate f' /As Bhe paused in pretended surprise, he sprang after her for the good-bye kiss. Hhrdly had «he struggled, laughing and blushing, out of his arms, before, a dark face — a handsome face, too, but just then dis torted with jealous hatred— peered out from an overhanging rock, and was gone in ,a flash. . And then the young girl was springing away up the trail, kissing her band merrily tp her lover nn til he: disappeared. The way to San Felipe was a good nine miles ever the mountains, and .much of it through many of the wildest haunts of the robber-band. But the'6now waB tarell crusted, .the deeper drifts could be avoided, and Isa;. who was well used to snow-shoe travelling! flitted, glided, or bounded swiftly i^ong the route, witli which she hadt-een more. or less familiar from hCr childhood, and with only ran occasional timid glance;about her, as she was passing tinder Los Pinos de Diablo ftbe Devil's Pines], apartly-forestfed, snow-cboked steep, out of which the bears were said to issue at-critical moments in response to the , roMier- captain's .summons. ; She reached her destination withnnf. mi*. bap. obtained her wools from the industrious Indians there, and, after enjoying a little . lunch, was on her homeward road, with re freshed strength and a hopeful heart. But slie bad hardly repassed under the frowning brow of the Devil's Pines, when there waB a low call; in imitation of a coyote's yelp, from the tbicket to her left. iSbe stopped in terror as a powerfully built, picturesque ruffian made iis appear ance, with a warning gesture, and Jose Vasco, the dreaded robber-captain, was in her path. 'Daughter of my old ^comrade and cap tain,' said he, with a smile, ' 'tis not long since we have ^net, but yon have grpwn lovelier and lovelier. Yon are sweeter than marriape- bellB unto a hope too long deferred, my flower !' Isadora etrove to appear indifferent, \- though too much terrified to speak. The last time she had -met this man wat nearly three years before, at ber latber'i death -bed. , . r, . .j Solemn words had then been said by hei father, nledeintr Iter as this manV fnfnr* - bride. She even remembered .him to bare compelled her to clasp 'bands with Josi across bis tx-dy, while he muttered a seating \- benediction with hiB dying lips:' But tbat was ail. It was more like thi recollection of a hideous dream than aueht else. ' 6be bad hoped tihst^gperiiBd ^ithwrfor gotten all about the miserable troth -pliebt , or would never care to~ demand L£s fulfil ment. Indeed, she never thought of him a »]1 htit With a of Jior»or- . *n^ now ? ah.wsU might ihe turn pale and iiatch|ie), breath . greeting wordjs ; at the feryeat gase of those : ' 'gl^ipy ; j .Angtra&aft; he^w^elyj^nc^led wpaK: to im hwufc ; which was perhaps enhanced by,her ti;epida. tion — he lost no time inlettipgtierknDw tbat he had fprgotten;nothing, but regarded hpr as irrevocably bound to bipi. . ; ' W|iy do you not , ; -speak to me, lifctls one ?' ,he at laeit.exclaimed. , Shall yon not fee ready when I send to old ^ Manuela for \- your band, as j shall most assuredly, soon 81 I have given those trouhlftsome blue-coats at ?the forttheir final quietusf Or do you con-, template - treachery-— disobedience to those, death -bed vows f' And his brow, darkened, while his teeth glistened' like a wolf's between Ms bearded lips. Isa could still only clasp her hands and tremble; . ' Is it that I have a rival, girl f 8peak, I say 1' ' No, no, no ! Ah, of what are you think ing, JoseT' And sbe stammered forth other evasions, more or less incoherent. \- He interrupted her with i , diabolical laugh. ' What a poor little deceiver yon are ! You should take pattern from your elders, or stick to the truth. Scannell, the Ameri can, i8 your lover. I witnessed your adieus ? — von were in his arms at the foot of the trail.' ? — - ? - In the midst of her confusion there was a look of astonishment that he well under - itood. ' And yet he died not in his tracks, with a bullet in bis heart,' be went on. *' ; Well, your surprise is natural, my dear ; for my carbine covered him, my finger was on the trigger, but Ispared him. Would you know the reason I spared him, little one ?' She bowed her pale face. *. - , ' Perhaps he has forgotten me ; but he saved my life once at the risk of bis own. It was in a wild brawl at El Paso. He waa both generous and brave. Jose Vasco never forgets.' -----? She breathed more freely, but hio next words chilled her afrcsh. ' But think not that I would resign you. I would not assassinate him from ambush ; but when tbe time comes he must give you up or die. Those soldiers are fools. I am impregnable here.' He made a proud and comprehensive gesture. ' Our fastness is inaccessible, and even tbe fierce bears, the savage beasts of the wilds, are our auxi liaries.' This was said so simply that Isadora's last rloubts as to the bear stories in current be lief were di&fipated;, and she viewed him with superstitious fear. Suddenly a bugle sounded from some where far up. the heights, and he started. ' Ha ! it is the warning blast !' be ex claimed. ' Can a fresh attack be medi tated 7' He tightened his belt, which literally bristled with revolvers, and shifted the carbine that was Blung behind his shoulder. ' Come, I shall claim you in good season but a kiss before we part.' A kiss ! and for him 1 She shrank back, appalled. He clutched her wriet, tho evil light, kindling in his dark face like an angry meteor. But at tbat instant there sounded a rattl ing volley from both above and below the. height, and she was saved the threatened kiss. ' Good-bye I I shall claim you in good time.' He waved his hand, springing among the slippery rocks with the celerity of a monn: tain goat, and disappeared among the' trees. Then Isadora, shrinking a little further from tbe open trail, stood still in a sort of fascination, for she had never seen an armed struggle, and one was in progress under her very eyes. Firing as they climbed, Bwarmed the boys in blue, with their Mexican contingent hurrahing enthusiastically on either wine. The robbers gallantly returned the volleys with irregular firing from the timber line, even hurrying down fearlessly to meet the charge. And the 6pell- bound girl could mark their leader in the van, no less bravely conspicuous than was tbe yobng West Pointer who encouraged the attack with his waving sword. A thrill of gladness filled tbe girl's veins as she saw the robbers beaten ~back, leaving more than one prostrate man in their re treat, w^ile the disciplined soldiers and their allies slowly bnt surely followed them °P B.ut at this juncture ..the young girl wit nessed a sight almost incredible, notwith standing that her superstition might have in some measure prepared her for it. Tbe robbers suddenly disappeared, as if by msgic, their places being apparently taken by trcops of savage bears, which issuer! from ♦be pines with ferocious snarls and cries, and at once set up such a novel 'form of resist ance ard counter-attack as filled the storm ing party with terror and dismay. Erect, with massive bludgeons in their grasp, pawing amid the white drifts on all I fours, or merely showing their formidable teeth and brandishing their mighty claws, tbey began tp loosen the clinging, snow heaps and hurl them thundering down upon the assailants' heacs with a force and pre cision truly terrific ; and this wis but & mask for tbe bullets of their human allies, which at the same time began to rain again, with more or less disastrous effect, from' the cover of the copses in their rear. Tbe soldiers had come to a dead halt, puzzled and astounded by the grotesqneness of it all, and this hesitation was fatal to their Enterprise. Tbe next moment tie entire volunteer -contingent, which, constituted' more than four-fifths of the attacking force, broke and fled down the mountain in an agony of panic, throwing away tbeir guns, and giving utter | Mice to frightened screams and yells. 'The co.wardly example was too much for the discipline of the regulars — a mere hand fnl., at the most. The panic became a contagion, and, , though retiring with some show of order, they also gave up the fight, the rout becom inggeneral. Isadora, who had wrtaessed everything from ber little nook of conosslinent, buried her face in her hands. But when she looked again it to wit ness. another spectacIe,'^ ~ wbicET serxed to alter the entire tenor, of her mortification and fears. , One of, the beats, having missed its footing on ,the icy steep, came tumbling, plunging, and rolling head over heels past her retreat, betraying much of the Becret of bis soldierly intelligence in bis unstudied sprawls, and at the same time uttering the strangest expres sions of rage and disgust that bad ever jet proceeded from a real bear. It was a revelation ; and, witb ber super stitious terrors no longer an incentive, the young girl darted out upon tbe trail and fled, away with all the swiftness that her supple nimbleness, could evoke from her snow-shoe expertness. ' Out of breath, bnt still joyous over her treasured discovery, she arrived at o'd Mfenuela'e adobe hut before sundown, and then lost no time in hurrying to the fort. ' Where is Santiago Scannell f' ehe de. manded of one of Hie sentries. .'I have ? secret for him. I must see him right away.' All the garrison were in a surly mood, foi the defeat of the reconnoitring party had just been made known. But the man whom she addressed, and who was well aware of the scout's love-affair, laughed as he informed ber that Jim was off on a hunting expedi tion, and would hardly return before day ! break, when he was to guide a general at | tack upon the Tobbers, then to be madeii considerable force. | ' Ah, I Bhall'have to wait,' said Isa, dis ! appointed ly ; hot do tell him. for me: not go away again without seeing me.' 'It aint likely that he would in in;.' case, Is*,' replied the sentry, with another good-natnred laugh;- for the bcautifu tjlftcket-maker ; Was a favorite everywhere and there, wasn't a member, of the garrisoi - that didn't wUn ScbjUt jim joy of his irobing * Bat I shall see your mesaage delivered Ml the same.*' 'v-. ???:. 1 .' .-?-'* ? I Bright and early, indeed, hefore sun- up, -the next morning, , Jim was tbe old moment for the. girl to plMe ^im m Blon ofrher discovery. ' . ' The scout's blue eyes opfened to tiieir widest capacity, and tben,' catching l8* .I1n his arms, be shouted a wild hurrah, while raining hie kisses upon her .blushing face. ! ' Yon don't say so !' he exclaimed. « What I the great bear trick nothing mon than a dodj^e— a masquerade of robbers in bearskins f' ? 1 She nodded.. ? . . . J ' Hurrah 1 the superstition is nipped in the bud 1 Even the greasers won't run aWAy again. .We'll lick them out of their hoots, and the giving away of this secret on my part will gain me , promotion as chief scout of the department, with donble my present pay P ' Oh, Santiago, I am so glad I' And Isa clasped her hands, the happy tears glistening in her dark eyes. ' Listen, dear. You know that snug little ranch of mine on the San Juan?' , Another nod. ' Would you like to be there — as my wife, of course ' Ob, Santiago I' ' ~ * * And the happy te&rs; made way for happy blushes now-' ' ?' Good ! Have the old woman make you ready forthwith, for we sball be married next Sunday. That .is the day after to morrow, which will be two days after to | day's scrimmage, which ib destined to wipe , out Vasco and his entire band, big and little bears included 1' | ' Oh, Santiago 1 You forget 1' and the brightness began to' fade out of the sweet face. 'My father himself was a robber captain ; and ' ? : ' No matter I' cried Scannell, once more ; catching her to hiB breast. 'Is it your father's ghost or your precious, darling self that I would take to ' my home and heart f Good-bye, and God' keep you till my re turn I - But a last kiss first 2' and he was gone. A j That was a fl uttering day for the pretty little blanket-weaver, such as she had not j known, or perhaps dreamed of, in the whole course of her existence. A day oi days, a day of love, suspense and hope, such as, once at least in a lifetime, is the rich-set jewel of every budding maiden heart, be it high or low, opulent or poor, refined or coarse, tutored or ignorant — a priceless day, henceforward to be treasured in unfail ing memory. \- But it passed, as other days muBt pass, as dreams must pasft ; and soon after the first newB came in that the robbers had been completely whipped out of their boasted fastness, resulting in the extermination of a majority of the band, including Vasco, their chief, and the capture of the rest, Isa was sobbing for joy on her lover's breast. 'Ah, dearest, it was almost a picnic for us this time 1' he exclaimed, when recount ing tbe events of tbe fight. ' Tbe secret ot the bear-skins was not generally made known amongst us until just before the storming of tbe steep, aud its effect uponthe men was magical. Why, even the greasers, as if shamefaced and maddened at the recol lection of their superstitious fears, charged up among the rocks with the best of us, and when the rascals ran out their bears it wa6 for the last time, I can tell you. We rushed right among them before they could set their avalanches moving, shooting 'em down right End left, and as the bear-skins were intended to frighten rather than to hurt — were, in fact, more of an incumbrance to their wearers than anything else— they were i taken completely by surprise, and made J scarcely any resistance. By Jupiter ! those bear-skins must have been saved up from the hunts of half a dozen generations, and I'm betting high there's not one of 'em left but what is too riddled for future service of any Bort. Then, having disposed of the bears, we rushed through the piuep, driving out tbe rest of the robbers, who didn't stop running till the last ridge of San Mateo range was reached, where they made their last Btand, the bigger part of 'em dying in their tracks.' ' And JoBe — Vaseo himself ! He also was slain, they say.' ' Yes ; he fought like the game bravo he was. But, before he died, I recognised him as a chap whose life I saved in El Paso some Bome years ago, and 'who sort of chummed with me for a 6hort time afterwards. Per haps he recognised me, too. Anjway, as he sank back he fixed his eyes upon me, gasping out in Spanish, 'It's as well as it is, old comrade, since the same trail could no longer have carried the pair of us !' and then he^ was gone. Of course, I couldn't imagine what he meant, but it matters little one way or the other.' Isadora, who' understood better than be, and who had told nothing of her encounter with Va^co on the preceding day, merely ; buried her face on her lover's shoulder, | sbudderingly thankful that the fierce eyes of ' the bandit chief could come no more between her and her heart's love. ? ~ ? j 'Ah, thank Heaven-yoti are Bafe*eturned!' ] was all sbe could murmur; 'and thank Heaven that you love me 1' . They were married on the following Sun day, as the scout had declared they should J be, and Boon after went to live on Scan nell's snug ranch, where it may be tl^at they are living .in happiness at the present day. 