i foe Haunted House of the Black Swamp. & VTalklflg .Skeleton That Told tlio Story of a Foul K-Iurdcr. " Talking about ghost otories," said Mayor Wsrd. " I hud an Er.patiaiKjJ about thirty- six years age which bsa haunted ma aii my ' lite, nnd white I cm ready to adult that I don't believe iu the alleged appearance hero on earth oi the dhurabodied spirits of the deed, jot, as I imid before, 1 have an experience in that directum Bufticioncly tnrilling to make mo an ardent believer in every atory ot smisrnaturtl appearances thct may bo put in circulation," Being presced to rclalo his peculiar ex perience, tho Mayor oonecntud to do so, pre facing bio narrn-.ive by saying: In lSo3,,when I had my interview with a ghoat, what iu now the great oil region of Wurd County was a. vast inarah known everywhere na tho Illnek Swamp. Tho few people who lived along the borders of this swamp wero of n deoiliodly aliruly cberactsr. Thieves, murderers, ootintorfeitors, and desperadoes generally formed tho bulk of thn population. In those dt.ye, in « bmely and unfrequented spot, for from any habitation in thn II leak Seueup, w&u; vhuta'as known as Vie Woodbury Mansion, cr ' l'tia Haunted House at tbo Black Swamp." It wi-.m ta unusually largo and old-faiibtonctl dwelling, built of great oak logs. At what poriod it wkh orected tradition fr.ik to tell, but osidu from the story connected with it there in little doubt thct it war bu:l: ia tho year 1820, or about then; .but it uhangoi ownerj so' often that it ie even difiiuali to tell who cv/noil it at tho time of which' I speak. Mr. Dupcan, now "dead, and ono Mr. Gibson were, at one time, strangely mixed up in the ownership, hut who claiiaed thn premises when 1 had my adventure no one knows. Tbo huneo itself ban loug einco die. appsRiod, and the lands surrounding it are now in possession of tho Syndicate Oil end Fuol Co., and oil wells innumerable are evory where in and about where the uld tumble-down uiandiou . once stood as n melancholy reminder of one of tho blackest deeds ever perpetrated by the witkodcoco of man— dead of blood. . About' the year IS40 the houso was occupied .by one John Olevte, who, according to oomaidn report, rsurdarsd a pedlar by the name ot'Symu. Clever, though euepcoted o! the urirne, wae cover apprehended or punished lor the murder, although he after wards nerved a term in tho penitentiary,' and, after the esplration oi bin sentence, was long a ilinroputable citizen of Toledo, but is uow dead. This murder at the old Woodbury home soon established iu the tninde oi tho whole community tho reputation that tho boars I wan haunted, and many persons who spent nights in the place acme away with tho moat bluod-curdling stories of what they bad ctcu and heard on tho premises, ! At that titan I was a ycung man nst | Bllliotcd with feeble courage; on the contrary, ; I laughed at the wild yaruc, nod told those relating them that there was nothing but imagination in ths whole busiuosr. A friend ol mine, John Htovro, chared with mo this opinion, and being bantered to tost tho matter for ourselves, determined to do so. Go, on tho night of May 15, 1853, a dsta never to be forgotten by urn ns long as memory holds her place. Stowe and '£ walked to tho old V/oodbury mansion to apond the night, the intent being to satisfy ourselves r.a to the truth or falsity ol the many atorios in eircaletioa regarding what aould nightly be seen and heard,. Aa the building was tenaDtlaoii, and had boen fur yoara, tlicro was no ona'to deny us admission wnon wo entered ths door! It was rapidly approaching midnight, and wo had been talking for gn. hour or rnoro, when wo wero startled from' the quiet reverio into wbioh we bad fallen py tho appearance 'of a .nhbsily.IobkjDB objooi in tho'esapo and form of a linhiau skeleton, Wn were eer.tcd on tho. floor at tho. time, but oprxtig '-nourfcet astho vpoctre entared the room. It eecmod ta mo like the bonen of a human being u tripped cf flesh, end was horrible and terrifying in its apparent reality. I was tua first to recover oelf-posotMion, and I ordered the apparition to stand, nt the panic tiuis demanding to know the object cl its visit. Bet tho phantom ' did not pay tho least attention to me, snd oou'inncil to advaues towards where t stood t stopped in the eontro of the door directly in front of me, i litowa bavin?, according to a previous nnder- | standing, taking his position io an oppovka I oorner of tho room. The only light wo hid 1 was tho fiiut glimmeriug nftirdcd by tlio | burning of a low pieces of bourih in tho old I Qreplaoo. - ! no tlio phantom advanced towards mo I ! raised one of my pistol;, carefully clsvr.ting it j on a lovol tvfth hia breast, and iked vrith an I much etia- iineesivj I wss able; but it filtered ' not, and se quickly at paicible I discharged j another barrel of my weapon, but it had no mure ciYoct Upon thuapparition than so much j wind, ami it continued to adrsnca until it i c'amo within reaching distance of ms, when it raised its bony arm in the direction where I I stood, and motionsd as if to attract ray attention. During these foiv moments of ' suspense I olomly ccrutinisod the figure, 1 determined, if puaaib'e, to i&tiify; my mind regarding ite iityoterioua ectioni. Making a i signal to fjtowc, wo exchanged places, most- 1 whilo keepiug ou eye cn tha object before j me. I must here coufcio ray inability to or- ' plain, eatisfaotorlly, anything aonaarniug the singular object. Btowe asserted to lile dying day that is had no flesh, and that he could aso nothing about it bat bones, which ha heard rattle when I fired. Tu« ghost, or whatever it woo, tos'.ked to- | wavda tha firopltioo, turned around, and ' again passed beck to tho centra of tho room, j occupying tho acme position, with its fiicn in i the direction towards me. I: again raised ! its hand, and as it did so uttered in a . sepulchral voice the following words : " Give ear to me, end, mark well tlio words ' - that I abnll reveal to yon. My nemo in j JameaSyras, ' I ivaa born in Augusta, and j " I interrupted him hero to inquiro if lie was murdered, in tho hoaeain which we were talking, to whioh be replied : " Aek tno no quoationB." The gboat continued hia story : . " One evening in December, ISil.Ipttfc up at this house, kept at tha.timo by a man by the name of Cievqs. - After returning to my room for the night, I was startled from sleep noma time after midnight by a blow on tha aide ot ray bead with a bludgeon in the bands of Sieves, I immediately sprang to my fast and attempted to grapple with my assailant, bat in doing eo received another blow upon my left temple. It was the blow that killed ine, boing dead before I struck' tbo floor.' The apeotre'bero showed bis tikull, and true enough it presented a largo fraoturo. He continued : ," Upon tha infliction of the last blow my pain atopped nnd'all aoneoiouanais loft inc. TtiaL momcat I eeneed to eritt, and- the transition of my spirit from the nrandane to the qsiestial.Bphers was auddsn and suhUme. hly assdiiaut, .un&wara; that I had coaeod to live, continued his blows on my head. My purpose in appearing to yon at thin time ie thai I can doramiinioste through you ta tho j world an aocoinl ofmy vile nnd bloody (loath, : thn! mnnkind may know my fats and abhor i toy murderer. You sxo commanded to write j to my grand-nephew, Giltnoro Byms, ol Columbus, ouii acquaint him with the par. tiuulura cf my doat'ti, and that it ie my desire that my remains bo tnkou lip and receive tha proper rites ol bnrltl. I sm tbo spirit of tho murdered Syms, whose sou) fur years bus bken in ond.aboaS these premises. I have ' wandered up and dawn Uio earth nntil raliet 'came liy pommunloatfng to yon matters ' burdening my mind. Through you the world will lesrn tho nature of my. foul and bloody death'.' I havo nearly douo. Tho hour is ai hand when I timet Rave yon. Many peraouH , have scon, bat dnred not speak to me, and I have no tho power oi my own will to ajjeek nnlll flrstspoken to by living man, Xoht courage bus rohevod rny soul, aud notvefforde mo pone:." As he aeaecd epoaklng, the speotro exionded towarde no its bony band, manifesting a determination to fchr.kc lmnuH, with which I complied, and as I graaped its fieshlcsa grip h eo.'d ohill euddnnly piiracd over coo that caused ray blood to frccr.e, aa it wero, in my warm veins. Toun hand in hand, in locked, tbuugh loatlind, embrace, front to front and face to faee, I wsihod with thn phantom tome yards from the door to the open air. I was about to spook, when it tumud ita'borrible fnnotomc: " 1 must now retire. M.y moment baa coma in which I must depart to that abude jirnpered for tho spirits of nil mankind, i'urnivoll t Lit my cased spirit xetiro in peace. Remember well end forget not what I huvo told you," . t 