"the witty and the tender hood."" There is a neat little edition of Hood, which wan edited by his son and published by Moxon, and one of the two corpulent little volumes is lnbulled "sorioua" and the other "oomic." Doubtless there are other editions similarly divided, but we hnnncn to have crown un with this particular edition, the arbitrary labels on which have always appealed to us as pain fully insistent memorials of tho sad story of Hood's life. Hood himself would probably have reversed tho labels, for to him his "comie" verse had asigniflosnoe which npproaohed moro nearly to the tragic, and in his "serious" verse wero hived tho few truly joyous moments of his life. When, having made his name as a humorist in 1825 by his Odes and Addresses to Greul People, and the two series of Whims and Oddities in 1826, he sought n hearing for his serious muse in 1827 with "The 'lcn of the Midsummer Fairies, Hero and Lenndor, Lycus the Contour and other pooniB," tho volume fell stillborn frum tho press. Honce- forth it becamo to him a sort of mausoleum wliero his young muse lny buried. He bought up the remaining sheets himself, to save them "from tho butter shops" — a tenderness which, Iris son surmises, ho would have been little likely to oxtoml to his oomic writings in a similar plight. Hood, indeed, was tho very type of l'unohinollo condemned to make others laugh, with his own heart brooking. Not that ho took any such seutitnontnl view of himself. He was too manfully courageous to allow hirn- solfmuoh self pity. "To inako laugh is my calling, "says ho. I must jump, I must grin, I must tumble, I must turn language head over heels, and loop through grammar," and ho works at his business liko any othor busi ness man, whose calling may not bo oxactly to Ilia liking. And, iiulcod, without hardness of heart, with no forgotfulness of the cramping, painful oiroumstances of his life, his narrow means, his wearing illness, which kept him dying for 20 yonrs, one may ask whether for a man who so little pitied himself Hood has not been n little over pitied. None of the "poor follows " of literaturo have been more be-pitied. Thackeray sot tho tuno in his somewhat laohry- moso Roundabout 'Taper, On a Joke I onoo heard from the late Thomas Houd. And ovon so unsentimontnl a oritio as Mr. Henley— who, had Hood been a living instead of a dead writor, would very likely have done his best to break tho bruised reed in the National Observer— drops somotliing as near a tear as he ever gets upon his grave. Yet Hood himself has marie it impossible for us to describe iiis life as really un happy. Suffering depends on the sufferer. When a man. is so brave a philosopher, so truly the " enptnin of his soul " as Hood, surely pity is somewhat superfluous and a little impertinent. In a preface to flood's 0 ten, Hood once desoribod himsolf as "a gentleman literally enjoying bnd health," and thoro was truth as well as jest in tho phrase. "To he sure, matters look darkly enough ; but the moro need for the lights." "Bo bowled out or caught out, but never throw down tho bat. As to Health, it's tlie weather of tho body— it hails, it rains, it blows, it snows at present, but it may clear np by and by." So run other maxims from this essay on Practical Cheerful Philosophy, which Hood ends with a particularly charac teristic quip. His physician tins told him, lie says, that "anatomically " his "heart is lower hung than iisunl." ' "But, what of that?" still retorts the indomitable punster, " the more need to keep it up 1" Nodoubt this very courage has itspnthetic side, but what use has suoh a man for pity? It is true that he suffers, but it is also true that ho is strong. Pity is for tho weak, not for such men as Hood and Lamb. "Whatever Hood lacked, however, he suffered, surely fortune had allowed him a very valuable compensation in endowing liim with his uniquely hnppy tomporamcnt. He might just as easily have been born to see only the dark side of tho things. Then it had been time for pity. Thackeray grows very eloquent on tho anomaly of a man capable of writing The Song of the Shirt, laying waste his powers in joko and pun for I food's Own. " 'You great man, you good man, you true genius and poet,' I cry out, as I turn page after page. ' Do, do make no more of these jokes, but bo yourself, and take your station.' " But surely Thackeray writes here too much as if Hood's punning was a trick he had learned for business purposes, in- stend of its being an instinctive, incorrigible faculty of his genius. - It was characteristic of him from the beginning, and so much was it his method that wo often find him at it in his pro fessedly serious poems. Canon Ainger draws attention to a characteristic example in tho fine Ode to Melancholy : — Even tho bright extremes of joy Bring on conclusions of disgust, I.ike tho sweot blossoms of tho May. \- . . Whose frugranco ends in must. The italics are ours. In liko manner, it 1ms often been remarked, how, illustrating two other lines in the same poem — There's not a string attun'd to mirth But lias its chord in melancholy- Hood's professedly comio poems so often turn on death, in some grimly travestied form. A good half of the present selection of Humorous Poems recall Holbein in the grisly pleasantry with wjiicli the King of Terrors is, so to say, poked in the ribs. Oponing in the middle we como upon Death's Ramble, which concludes thus : — Dentil saw two playors playing at cards, But tho game wasn't worth a dump, For lie quickly laid them tlat with a spade, To wait for the final trump ! No one oan need to bo reminded of tho end of the lovor of Faithless Sally Brown, or how Tim Turpin finished his career — On Horsham-drop, and none can say It was a drop too much. Then thoro is Mnry's Ghost with its pathetic complaint of body snatchers — It's very hard thorn kind of men Won't let a body be ! and .Tack's ghost nlso, which appeared incon siderately to his family at supper time to spoil their little feast of cod — You livo on land, nnd little think What passes on the sen ; Lost Sunday week, at two p.m. That cod was picking me 1 Again tiic fate of Ben Battle claims the votive tear, who, having hung himself for love of Faithless Nelly Gray, and thus having — For his second time in life, Enlisted in the line I was buried at the four cross roads, "with a stake in his inside !" But ono might go on for ever multiplying such familiar quotations- familiar but always irresistibly fresh — to illus trate Hood's somewhat creepy banter of death. Ono contrasts his grim jocularity with Lamb's almost hysterical fear. Those who live nearest dontli, dootors and nurses, for example, seem to loso the senso of ids terror. Hood had lived 'so long in bis shadow that, doubtless, he had grown not to " mind " him. With his own sempstress," he could say — But why do I talk of doath ? That phantom of grisly bone; I hardly fear his terrible shape, It scums so like my own. Though we - may regret that Hood was not allowed the leisure, or inspiration, to write more than two suoh poems ns The Song of the Shii t, more sonuots like that great one to Silence, moro lir.es liko— Is't not enough to vex our souls, And till our ayes, that we hare set Our love upon a rose's leaf, Our heart upon a violet ? Or — Tho sunniest tilings throw sternest shade, And there is uv'u a happiness -That makes tile heart afraid— suoll ns wo find in tho the Ode to Melancholy yot, on the other hand, who would oxchange one of his best puns for another Flea of the Midsummer Fairies, an unwieldy, dispropor tionate piece of fancy, hardly illuminated by n fine line, or for such a very tnmc presentation of a tragic story as Hero and Leander ? Hood suggested for his epitaph, " Hero lies ono who spat more blood and made moro puus than any man living." Doubtless ho did too muoli of both, but his puns, as Canon Ainger points out, are very different from those of other people. They are no mere play on words, but in ndditiou to the double snnud have usually n double moaning. They linve intellectual, and sometimes even a poetic value. That pun on " May " and " must " cited above will sorve as ail excellent example of Hood's serious pun ning. Hood's puns are so good, Canon Ainger admirably remarks, because ha came down to them "from a higher ground," the liiglior ground of " the poetic heart and a vividness nnd rapidity of imagination such ns never beforo had found such nn outlet" "In tho hands of a Hood tho pun becomes in his fancy, his humor, his ethical teaching, even his pathos." He who blows through bronze mny breathe through silver. Hood's serious work is, indeed, regret tably small in bulk, but its quality is so masterly that no aftertimo oan insult ids memory by re garding him merely as a funny man who ooinod his heart in puns. And posterity will, ono feols sure, cherish his memory far moro than the pre sent generation oan be raid to do. For Hood was three things too seldom found in ono skin— a poet, a wit and a true man. Wo woloome vory warmly Canon Aingor's solcolions, aud Mr. Brook's vory quaint and vigorous illustrations, ns a contribution towards that oaifn of Hood's fame for whioh one could have no hotter inscrip tion than Laiulor's noble linos : — Jealous, I own it, I was oiico ; That wickedness I lieru reiiounco. I tried at wit, it would not do ; At tonderuuss, that failcil-mo too ; Before me on each path there stood I'Iim tvlMvnml Htn tfillilpr 11(10(1. — Haiti/ Chronicle. 