AOTA POFUIX By The Flaneur. Now that the smoke of the great political battle has cleared away, and the exact fiumber of the killed and wounded has been ascertained, it is at once ap parent that a glorious victory has been won. Who won it is a matter of considerable doubt, and an equal degree of uncertainty is attached to the losers also. It has been asserted that the Freetrade party swept the polls, but as a matter of solid fact no such party has ever been in existence here. How in thunder could any Government claim to favour freetrade when it actually lived upon the Custom House, from which it drew m the way of taxation on imports no less than £2,013,147 a year? The thing is exactly on a level with the case of the Scotch elder who claimed to be a strict teetotaller, but who finished a pint of whisky every day on the strength of its being held in a bottle which was labelled ' Angostura Bitters.' I have also heard that protection has suffered a crushing defeat. This Was news for me, as 1 was never aware that a true protection policy had ever been in force. With us freetrade and protection have borne a strong resemblance to the nigger twins oi whom the proud pa observed : — ' J-ulyus Caosar and Pompey am bery much alike — especially Poihpey.' Mr. James Carroll, one of the candidates who nobly sank his personal interest for the sake oL his political cause, took the trouble to bore into the sap of G'u8 stibjec'c, and to Ms surprise discovered that the whole difference between the Customs duties collected by Parkes's falsely- terined freetrade Government and the-pseudo-protectionist one that followed amounted to no more than £400,778 per ?annum. And yet ia the face of this fact people calling themselves politicians have the brazen cheek to assert that protection has had a fair trial here and proved itself to be a failure. We never had. 'true freetrade ; v/e never had true protection. But we hasre always had shandygaS statesmen at the head of our affairs, and, of course;, nothing better than half-and-half measures eould be expected from them. So far as my own opinion of. freetrade and pro tection is concerned I am sojnething li&e; the cautious coloured gentleman who, during the American civil war,) waa captured by a Confederate eaptain, and with the muzzle oi a revolver clapped to his off-side ear requested to explain whether he ?wa9 a Unionist or a Rebel. ' Boos,' replied the prudent old party, ' I'm nuffin at all— and I'm d— d little ob dat F That fits my fiscal sentiments to a hair. Personally I hold that neither freetrade iior pro tection can secure the prosperity of a nation. It is to the Land we must look for that, and to attempt to heal our- present troubles by tinkering with the tariff is about as sensible a proceeding as to pare a man's corns in order to cure his toothache. Every (food of land should oupport its man, and it would do Bo too if it had even half a chance, Give a man who is not afraid to do a fair day's work ten acres of good land here and he is practically independent of the whole world. The peace of Europe is, compara tively speaking, a matter of utter indifference to him, and, barring a natural friendly feeling for the young people, he needn't care a dump if the Yorks never had a baby or if they had triplets every time. He can always depend on finding shelter and cloth ing for himself and a reasonable amount of family , and in the way of food he Can raise, unaided bj- any other man, poultry, meat, vegetables, fruit and honey, and any man who wants more deserves to be stuffed with a food pump until he splits into 55,555 pieces. Our clever practical contributor ' Eleve ' has shown how this can be done on every six acres of suitable land, and it will be a glorious time for the country when our land laws are bo fixed that any man. can put ' Eleve's ' precepts into prac tice. Nothing but proper land laws oan possibly relieve the congestion of our cities and towns, and once that congestion is thoroughly relieved we will hear no more of cut-throat competition on the part of our workers. Business of all kinds will then prosper, employment will be plentiful, a fair day's ?work will secure a fair day's wage, and the people ?will enjoy health and contentment— two of the best, perhaps the only real, blessings this world can ever give them. ! 'The Freetrade Party topped the poll!' Sol am told ; and now the great trouble appears to be r— Who will top the Freetrade party ? Common justice declares for George Reid, but then common justice is found in politics about as often as one dis covers chartiy in an Orange Lodge or scented ooap in the ' dilly ' bag of a black gin. Beyond doubt JMr. Reid led the freetrade forces during the iate campaign, and battled bravely for them too, but barely had the triumph been achieved before old man Parkes hobbled up from the rear rank and coolly shouted, 'Soldiers! I have led you on to victory once more ! ' It is scarcely correct to say Sir Henry shouted that, however; but he hinted it in a way that he thought would make it a thousand times more effective. In his most oily find insidious style he has told us that a great crisis is at hand, and in order to cave in the head of that cfisis the country must be governed by a ' safe man -J and a ' matured politician.' *' Who is that safe man and heaven- inspired and carefully preserved politician ?' the people will ask, and then Sir Henry will elevate his ' purty ' nose to an angle of 95 degrees and modestly inquire : ' What's the matter with the right honourable member for '. St. Leonards?' J aclcal Wise was the first to put up the game for the toothless old lion of Sfc. Leonards, and this he did by throwing out the well- readied-up remark' that Sir Henry Parkes is naturally a strong leader. Well, so is a skunk ; but who cares to follow Mm ? And what soxfc of a leader is the fraud who, when the time for facing the foe arrives, throws down his arms and retires to sulk in a little ' cave ' dug out specially for his sole accommodation ? That iB pre cisely what Jackal Wise's ' strong leader ' did when the Labour Party cornered him on the Coal Mines Bill three years ago, and from that moment until the result of the general election was known Sir Henry never once claimed to have any connec tion with the Freetrade Party ; in fact, when Mr. Rsid, having reorganized the demoralized mob, offered to resign the leadership in favour of Parkes, the selfish old shufller ignored the offer simply because there was no chance then of his step ping into power. I am afraid Mr. Reid will never set our lovely harbour on fire by the reful gent beams of his abilities as a statesman, but still he is a straightgoer, compared with Parkes, and it is to be hoped for his own and the country's sake that he is still animated by the honest scorn he felt when he once said—' If there is one thing I have to be thankful for more than another, it is that dur ing my public life I have saved myself from the dis grace of ever having been a colleague of Sir Henry Parkes.' Good for you, George ! Stick' to that, and if the time ever arrives for you to rule the roost the people may stick to you. (t Where do I come in?' is the very natural question Mr. M'Milian will put $J the Dibbs Ministry goes under ; and it is very certain that honest Mac will never sup his porridge off the same plate as Parkes again. Mac will never forget how the treacherous old trickster ' turned dog' on him over the police-control matter which cropped up during the maritime strike. And by the same token the Labour Party is not likely to forget how little Mac acted on that great law'n^orderuphold ing occasion either. Before that hitch Parkes and iu iviinixu puueu sogeuier smootniy, anu wen tney might, too, for in 30 months the precious Parkes Government borrowed close on eight million pounds from the London market ! And, what is more to the point, the borrowers spent the money, too ; for when the Dibbs party came into power the Treasury till Was as bare as the historical cupboard of Old Mother Hubbard. As a borrower, Sir Henry Parkes is superb, but the devil of it is that as a squanderer his powers are even greater. I don't think much of the wisdom of the man who attempts to sell his bearskin before he starts out to hunt the bear, and this is precisely what the freetrade hunters are endeavouring to do to-day. Apparently those smarties have overlooked the fact that the Labour members really owe no party allegiance to either side of the House, and provid ing their little axe ie properly ground, it matters pottle to them who the man is that turns the grind stone handle. It is just about time that the workers went boldly in for helping themselves too, for things are now as low down with the poor as thev can po ssihly get by land. We hear a deal of the crushing slavery of the people in autocratic Russia, but Chere are one or two points concerning labour questions that we might with profit copy from the land of the Czar. For instance, when a strike occurs in Russia the party who has broken the labour contract is sent to gaol, and going to gaol isn't much of a picnic in Russia. Then again, if an employer finds it neces sary to reduce the rate of wages, or dismiss a large number of his workmen, he must send private information beforehand to the Governor and factory inspector, and it is the duty the latter to then hustle round and find employment for the discharged workmen. That is a touch above our civilized style of doing things, loudly as we shout ' Britons never shall be slaves,' and I wonder what the Czar would think if he learnt that a Sydney Labour Bureau official -while recently investigating the sad case oi a workless man with a wife and young baby, consoled the poor woman after his own free and easy fashion -with the remark : 'If your husband can't get work, perhaps you can, and then he can stay at home and mind the baby !' That wus booming the Woman's Rights business rather too loudly, but as a matter of bitter fact many Sydney wives are the real bread winners of their families, I was speaking to old Ted Sadler on the night of the ' Glorious Seventeenth' — to. his ghost, I mean —and the worthy ' Warwick,' or Ministry-maker of his time asked, 'What was up in Sydney to-day ? We ghosts noticed crowds of men going about as solemn and sad as if they were trooping off to their own funerals, and old Sir John Robertson, who has turned religious of late, said he guessed ? you were having a day of humiliation for some- ' thing or other.' ' Not a bit of it, Edward,' said I ; 'it was polling day throughout the entire length : and breadth of the land.' ' What !' shrieked the [ spirit—' Pollin' day, and no bands or banners, no carriages or cabs flyin' round, no faction fights, not a corpse missin' from the cemeteries, but every one beastly sober and lookin' like a lot of sick cockatoos in a shower ! — why, what's the crimson country eoflain' to at all ? I mustn't tell old Sir John that, or he'll begin to backslide at once, and per haps want to be born over again and go back and make your politics what they were when the grand old Cabbage Tree Hat brigade was a power in the land. So long ! I feel sick myself when I think of the woeful degeneracy of my adopted country.' The ghost's mention of the cabbies reminded me of the polling day when a cab was standing in front of Jim Punch's old hotel while the excited driver, a new chum, who had been endeavouring to work the overcharge racket, was pulling off his coat and vest before dragging three passengers from his vehicle and treating them to a little fistic argument of his own. Just then an older and a wiser cabby going past pulled up and inquired what the row was all about. ' Oh,' explained the wrathful Jehu, ' the;e three bouncers have had me drivin' 'em for an hour, and as they won't part up what I want I'm goin' to take it out of their bloomin' hides, that's all.' ' Well, I reckon it's quite enough too,' said the other, 'because the fat cove there is Jim Punch ; the feller with the side-levers is Larry Foley, and the other cove you're goin' to massa crate is Jim Mace ! I wish you luck with your rosy little contract.' That settled the trouble straight away, and the peace of Punch's corner was restored. There is a great financial genius running loose in the Daily Telegraph Linotype Asylum now, and Treasurer See couldn't do better than yard him up and secure his services in the way of carrying out any pruning jobs that may be deemed advisable,, .Spoakine of the attempt made by the unfortunate man Cummings to anticipate the gallows, and make his quietus with a bare penknife, the King-street smarty point3 out that a considerable saving could be effected in the Department oi Justice if criminals condemned to death were supplied with the means of committing suicide and otherwise encouraged to act as their own executioners ! That would be very nice indeed, and a more novel notion has not been struck since Dean Swift suggested that over population might be cheolced if a certain percentage of babies were fattened up -and eaten instead of uemg auoweu. lu iivo us hi; jjietstiuu. jlc ib claimed by the D. T. economist that his pretty little plan would have classic sanction also, for the Greeks, having condemned Socrates to death for holding opinions in advance of his time, gave him a cup of hemlock-juice, which the Grand Old Man drank, and then 'rolled over and died on the spot.' 'Seneca, the Roman philosopher,' continues the Linotype luminary, 'when he had to go, opened an artery, and, writing an address to his departing soul, * animula, vagula, blandula,' bled comfortably to death without assistance from anybody.' That's another frightful example of the misery worked by Parkes's inspired Heducation Hact. Seneca didn't do anything of the kind. It was the Emperor Adrian who expressed his uncertainty as to a future existence in the beautiful lines beginning, ' Dear, fluttering, fleeting soul of mine.' I ought to know, because I was there at the time (in a former incar nation, of course). Seneca was not a half- Christian philosopher either, but a grasping old money igr'ubber who died worth £3,000,000, and had quite a number of ' stakes' in the country, and probably this is why the capitalistic Teleguapii booms him up to-day. mirmrvrmrjtr.«aiii-,a-LLi ? '-'^ '?'!-'?-?? ? : ? -' ? ???-.- '^:...'.ll±: :....?? .???aIV.T'. .????!.??? ,u;-^. ..???? ? ?? ? ? — .- ? -??-. ? ^ 