SISTERS OF MERCY IN ADELAIDE. CEREMONY OF RECEPTION AND PROFESSION. That most impressive, and for Adelaide somewhat rare, ceremonial for the reception and profession of the religious Sisters of Mercy, was celebrated in the Chapel ot St. Mary's Convent of Mercy, Angas-street, on Thursday morning, in the presence of the Sisters and a large number oi Catholics. The following ladies were received into the Order : — Miss Henrietta Reuihan, of Melbourne, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Liguori ; Miss Norah Downey, of Limerick, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Xavier; Miss Mary Jane Brogan, of Geelong, Victoria, to be known in religion as Sister Mary Alacoque; and Miss Teresa O'Halloran, of Sydney, to be known in religon as Sister Mary Aloysius. Atter this ceremony the following Sisters took the black veil:— Sister Mary Vincent Hyland, of Queen's County, Ireland, niece of Father Martin ; and Sister Mary Colomba McMahon, of Dublin, sister of the late Father McMahon, of Adelaide. The ceremonial was conducted by the Rev. Dr. Bryne, Administrator of the Archdiocese of Adelaide, assisted by the Rev. Fathers McEvoy and Cosgrave. At 9 o'clock in the morning the Sisters belonging to the Convent assembled in the beautiful little sanctuary habited in their Church cloaks and carrying lighted tapers, and; taking their places on either side of the sacred building. A procession was then formed.. Behind the crossbearer came the postulants, then the novices and the professed religious, with the Mother Superior and Mother Assis- tant accompanying them. The Convent Choir sang, ' O Gloriosa' upon the entry of the procession. After being conducted by the Mother Superior and Mother Assistant to the altar, where they received the lighted candles, the candidates retired to their seats, where they remained while the Rev. Father PETERS delivered a sermon appropriate to the occasion from St. Matthew xix. What did it profit a man, Father Peters asked, to gain the whole world and lose his own souI? That glorious maxim had induced many hundreds to shut themselves practically from the world to gain happiness and tranquillity. The Sisters who had entered the service of God that morning had renounced all the pleasures and the joys of life in the outer world for life in a religious Order, where they felt that they would have a better chance of gaining ever- lasting salvation. He pointed out that the true religious were happy in this world in spite of their daily sacrifices and labours. Some people thought that monks, nuns, and sisters endured a most gloomy life, shut up as they were in cells, and going about like ghosts, having nothing to live for in this world. As a matter of fact, they spent an active useful life, governed by a Lady Superior, to whom they offered humble obedience. They had no pos- sessions of their own, and even the clothes they wore were not their property. They might have been rich persons in the world and enjoyed every comfort, yet in the Convent they gave up everything for the love of Jesus Christ. Though poor themselves, they largely gave to the poor, who were always sure to find in the good Sisters kind friends, cheering them in their wants. They went out daily to nurse the sick, and performed services on quite a different scale to the paid or hired attendant. In this world they looked for no reward; they did all for the sake of Jesus Christ, to whom they entirely consecrated their lives. Their labours extended to all institu- tions and places where they had reason to believe they could do good. They visited the sick and poor in the hospitals, and in Catholic countries they had charge of hospitals and orphanages, and houses of refuge for the destitute and forlorn. They spent their time in supplication to the Most High, and not in amusements. They endured many sacri- fices and practised many acts of self- denial. He congratulated the dear Sisters who were being received into the Order with all his heart and soul upon their happiness. They had well understood how precious the treasure of a religious Order was. They had left the world and all its joys, realizing that they were doing so for the greater glory and honour of God and the welfare of their neighbour. They had made the sacrifice of themselves to God, and he charged them to renew the saciifice every day of their lives. They had said farewell to fathers and mothers, brothers and sisters, and friends. It was for them now to embrace their new home, to embrace tbe whole world in their hearts, to have courage and confidence, and to exclude no one in their prayers, their sufferings, or their good works. How beautiful would be their crown in heaven if they had made a sincere sacrifice to God and persevered in the service to the end of their existence. He sincerely congratulated them, and gave them his blessing. The sermon over, the postulants were inter rogated by Dr. Bvrne, and then they retired to put off their secular dress. Tho choir eang, the habit and veil were blessed, and on their re-entry to the altar the novioea received the nincture, with which they were girded by the Mother Superior. Then the white veil, the emblem of inward purity, was placed on their heads by the Acting Bikhop and fastened by the Mother Superior; the Church cloak was put on, and the novices thus clothed passed through the remainder of the ceremony, whioh was ended by their enibraciug the Mother Superior and the other religious, receiving their candles, and t&king; their stations according to rank among the selected few. Next came the ceremony of profession of Sisters Mary Vincent Hyland and Mary Colomba McMahon. While the celebrant elevated the adorable sacrament, the two Sisters vowed and promised "to God poverty, chastity, and obedience, and tho service of the poor, sick, and ignorant, aud to persevere until death in this congregation of our Lady of Mercy, according to its approved rule and constitutions. Mass was celebrated, and after the antiphons the newly professed approached the altar and received the black veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, and the blessed ring, the seal of the Holy Ghost, indicating that the newly professed were 'espoused to Him tvhoin tho angelB serve, and at whose beauty the sun and moon stand in wonder.' The choir sang with much effect, and greatly enhanced the solemnity and imprea sivunecs of tha ceremonial. After the e«remony the visitors sat down to light rerreshment8 in the Convent dining room. Dr. Bviike, on behalf of tho Sisters, thanked the ladies end gentlemen for their attendance to witness the reception and pro fession of no many good Sister3. To any sincere Catholio, he said it must have been a great subject of consolation to see those em bracing such an ovangelioal life and evan gelical counsels. It showed that the faith of the Catholio Church was very lively when it induced so many of her ohildren to embrace this holy and almost Divine life. He asked them to join with him in wishing the younp ladies who had received the religious habit the pos session of thp great gift of perseverance whioh they were told crowned their work. He hoped that the community of tho Sisters of Mercy hero would have a eimilar ceremony before very long. At the breakfast a wedding-cake was cut by Dr. Byrne a«-d handed to thosn present. 