MEDITATION ON MARRIAGE. My ancle had been hectic P.U (lav. X know and dreaded what was coming, and said nothin;; that by any chaneo could had up to Ha absent-mindedly tipped tho emu six pence. Then we camo to tho wart-hog. “ A bachelor,” ho said, meditatively, scratching the brute’s back. I hastily felt for a saving topic in the apprehensive darkness of my mind, and could find none. “ X expect I shall be married in October,’'' said my uncle. Thon signing : “ The idyl of my engagement w&3 short-lived.” It was out. Now, the day—my last idle day with my poor uncle—was a hideouB wreck. All the topics ho had fluttered round vanished, and cold and awfnl there loomed, over us the one great topic.. “ What do you think of marriage, George V” said my uncle, after a pause, prod ding tho wart-hog suddenly. II That’s your privilege," said I. “ Mar ried men don’t dare to think of it Bigamy?” “Privilege ! Is it suoh a headlong wreck of one’s ideals as they say ?” said my uncle. “ Is that dreamland furniture really so un table in use?” “ Of conrae,” said I, “ it'a different from, ihat ono expects. But it seems to be worse or tho other party. At hast to judge from. ho novels thoy engender in their agony. “ So far as I can sec," he proceeded,. ■ what happens is very similar to a thing n ciontific chap was explaining to me ho other day. There are some ittlo beast3 in the sea called asci Ians, and they begin life as eheerinl ittlo tadpole things, with waggling tails and ,ig expressive eyes- They move freely atont lither and thither, and often travel vast d:a ance3 in an adventurous way. -a- ^ ^ 10 called metamorphosis hzgins. The little adpolo waggles his way to a rook and fixes limself head downward. Then ho nnder ;ocb tho oddest changes, becomes indeed i mere vegetative oxcresceneo on tho stone, aretes a lot of tough muck round himself, md is a! together lost to free oceanic iOciety. Ho loses tho cheerful tail, loses nest of his brain, loses his bright expressive » Tho bother of it,” paid I, “ is that very often tho wandering expressivo eye is not lost in tho human metamorphosis. ’ “ Putting it in another way, one might say that the kind of story that Ovid is so fond oi describing—the affairs of Daphne and Io, for instance-are fables of the same tiling : an interlude of sen timent and then a change into something new and domesticated, rooted, -fixed ami boumlei “ It is certainly always a settling (.own, “I don’t like this idea of settling down, Jeorgo.” He shuddered. “ It must ho a [readful thing to go about with a house on 'ourmind.” „ , “ You get used to it.^ And, besides, you. [on’t 20 about so mueb. Ho gave tho bachelor wart-hog a parting [ig, and we walked slowly and silently hrough the zebra-houee towards. the ele ,bents. “ Of course uc do w* mtend m wtv“toOW^”vhmE9ttipreviouaMremarks imper “A marriage invalidates all ^ vplained. “Tim Jaw recognise* ise of willB.” , “That’s a now view,’ no ^ ncomfortablo ubcufc-€T5ilYlf?Mng “It follows from your doetriuo of meta lorpliosis. A marries B. Then the great aange begins. A gradually alters into a ew fixed form—C—whilo B flattens and roadens out as D. It is a different couple, nd they cannot reasonably bo held respon ,b!e for the vagaries of A and B.” “Thatought to ha better understood.” “ It would perhaps ho as wo’l. Before larriaga 1'. dvr in vows to crovotc his life to jigeline, and Angoiina vows sho will devote er life to Edwin. After marriage this leads j confusion if thoy continuo to believo such romises. Marriage certainly has that odd lleeton tho memory. You remember Ange uft’s promises and forget your own, and ice versa.” -O' “Thcrois nothing more distressing than the ghost of a dead promise,” said my uncle. “ especially when it is raised in the house of. your friends.” IYc passed through the elephant-houso m silence. “ 1 wonder what kind of mnn I shall be after the change, George. It’s all a toss-up,” ho continued, after an interval. “I have seen some men improved by it. You, for in stance. You wero a mere useless, in decent aspirant to genius boforo the thing camo upon you. How you are a re spectafclo journalist, and gracefully anxious to give satisfaction to your editor. But my own impression is that a man lias to be a bit of an ass before he can he improved by marriago. Most men get so mercenary, and they simply work and go about doing nothing a rational, creature should. Tlioy are like the male ants that shed their wings after tbo nuptial flight. And their wive3 go about talk ing fashion-articles, and calling them dear old stupids, and flirting over tencups with the unmarried men, or writing novelettes about tho child-man, and living their own lives. Every intelligent woman now seems to want to live her own life when sho i3 not engaged in taking tho child-man out into sooiety, and trying to wean him from alcohol and tobacco Howover, thi3 scarcely applies to me.” “ Not now,” I said. And ho winced. «I wonder how it feels. Most men go into this without knowing of tho change tfcat hangs over them. But I am older. It would not bo nice for a caterpillar if he knew he was going to rip up all along his back in a minute or eo. Y'et I could sympathise with aueh a caterpillar now. Shall wa go to tho iuseot-house? “ Anyhow, Georgo, Ihopo the ohnngawill bo complete. I would not like to undergo only a partial metamorphosis, and become a queer speckled monster all spotted with bachelor habits. Y'et I sometimes think I am beyond tho adolescent stago, and my habits rather deeply rooted. Hitherto I iiavo always damned a little at braces, and collars, and things like that I wish I know where ono could pick up a few admissible expletives. And I loaf about London all day, sometimes without any very clear idea of what I am after, telling chaps in. studios how to paint, and talking to leisuroly barristers, andnll that kind of thing.” « Sho,” I said, “ will probably help you to conquer habits of that sort.” Yes, I dare say sho will," said my uncle. “ I forgot that for the minute.”—“Ball Mall Budget.” __ Holland is the land of flatness, wind mills. dyke3, canals, and cheese. Of the latter it produces 40,000 tons and more in a year, and consumes only a fourth part. Alkamar, one of the most noted and historical towns in the country, is the great cheeso market, and in its streets over 12 million pounds are sold annually 