(51IIEL PEH6ELLT AN OUTCAST. BY JOSEPH HOCKING-, Author of " The Story of Andrew Fairfax," " Jabez Easterbrook," " Zillah," Ac, [ALL BIGHTS BKSBBVBD.] BOOK IV. HABVEST. CHAPTER I. HOW IT SXGAN. ' There are two angels that attend unseen Each one of us, and in the great book record Our good and evil deeds. He who writes down The good ones, after every action closes His volume, and ascends with it to God. The other keeps his dreadful day-book open Till sunset, that we may repent; which doing, The record of the action fades away, And leaves a line of white across the page. Now if any act be good, as I believe it, It cannot be recalled. It is already Sealed up in Heaven, as a good deed accomplished. The rest is yours. —LONOFELLOW. The time was the evening following the night of the dark deed on thfe cliffs. The place was the library of Penwithen. Throughout the morning Reuben had sat there brooding. Sometimes he felt « from all danger, at other times iie trenibled at every soundi WL'en lunch Wats over he could stay indoors no longer, BO he had ordered his horse to be saddled, and had ridden to Tintagel, ostensibly on business, but really te hear what people were talking about. To his surprise, nothing was said ofFraser. No one knew of his death. Men had been working along the coast all the morning, but no dead body had been seen. Evidently the sea-had hot given up its d*ad. Well, so much the better for him. Perhaps the body might float for days, and then be washed on the beach at Padsfcow, or New Quay, or Bude. It might be that no one would connect it with John Fraper. That worthy had told his tap-room companions again and again thart'he should go to America, where tHfere wps room for a man of his talents;- and eo suspicions would be diverted into other channeln. Well, he should say nothing. A great longing came td him fco go to ?the scene-of the struggle^ but 'he-^ raid he would not' be weak enough'for that.* He had heard of many murderers being discovered in that f way, but'he would not be so foolish. And b so he rode back to Penwithen for dinner, and appeared gay -and happy all the time, but directly the m€Sal concluded he locked himnalf in the' library again. A fire burned cheerfully in the grate, the lamp on the table sent'out a cheerful light, and Betiben enjoyed his comfortable surroundings. He had not partaken ©f e much diimer, but, contrary tb his usual custom, he had 'drunk several glasses of winej aad thus for- the time,-was flushed with a false courage. In an hour or two its influence would -leave him, but at present its ^>ower was gratefol. h He had sat about an hoo£when a knock came to the door,"and, on his'Opening it, a servant gave hisia a notel ' "Any answer, Susan f" he said absently. " No, sir; the boy that brought it is gone." ' C: Do-you knowthe boy P" " Yes/sir; it was Jane Hendy's hoy— she as was servant 'ere years agone." "Ah, thank you, Susan." He spoke more kindly than usual. He wanted every one to think him cheerful . and satisfied. He locked the door again, however, and, sitting down in his armchair, opened the envelope. After that he looked at the address.' It was evidently written by a woman who had had little practice in the art of writing. Thus it ran, " to mr. Ruben penwithn up to Penwithn." " Who can this be from P" he mused, and then taking out the letter, read as follows:— " respected BUT. i ope yu will sense me for ritm. yew was a good maaster to me up to your ouse, an i thot yu wud like to no wot was goin on, so i am ritin this, bout ten o'clock this mornin that black aired chap called Ishmul who do live up to Coombshed, corned in 'ere ses he ard to work Missus Hendy. iss says i, tis a lot arder bein marrid than ban in sax-vice like i wos up to penwithn, i was Jane Bickett then, an ad a good time cos maaster penwithn wos sich a good maaster, says he's a villin sea ee, no sh thing ses i, ee was a good maaster to me ef ever there was one, look ere ses ee, ees no rite to be there, an somebody els will be there soon, git away ses i, for i never did like that chap, ee allays made mc feel oal creepy like; well ses ee you naw sues hendy that ee: do ave curyus ways, and -eeve got sacret, i've found it <out, ive got the thing heve bin hidin for years, an you .will soon see a new maaster to penwithn, tis in my pocket ^ses ee slappin his jacket, and ee l&ffed;' oal curyus like ses ee i aint a bin lookin ool thaise years fur nothin, wot do ee main says i, you will soon naw Fee ee, then ee shawed his teeth again an looked strange round the eyes and went of. then i ses to myself mr penwithn shud naw this but i beant well nuff to walk fur at present so i^send my little boy without tellin anybody your obedient sarvent jane Hendy. •1 ; .. " to mr Buben Penwithn " up to penwithn. p s please sur ee said something bout your soon bein in Bodmun jail." When Beuben finished reading this epistle he was trembling like an aspen leaf; when he had read' it the second tmie a cold sweat stood on his forehead. Was the man a demon? How could he have fouhd ; rt£ Did the letter refer to the will at all? remembered Jane Hendy as a gossip girl who had been servant at Penwithen, but who was; nevertheless, honest and Could it be that it had come to light after all these years! What was the use of last night's terrible deed-now f While he'was struggling with Fraeer, who he believed was the essential link; this Nemesis must by some means have discovered the secret hiding-place and found what he had sold his' son! to obtain. " Oh, devil, thou art a hard master!" he cried. " Twenty-five years have I kept this thing a secret, and now it will come to light. I shall be hissed at, stoned, driven out of the neighbourhood. Oh, father, did you rear me for this P Margery Goudge, did you tempt me for this ? Come back, you old hag j oome from your grave and tell me what I am to do He reftd the letter a third titne. Yes, it was plain HUfcdJpd it all these years j last night he had taken the llf e ef bis fcl&w-man; to preserve his secret, and all for this. Jus children would loathe him. •Stop, though i He must Lfaink ? think. Supposing the will were found, suppose Ishmael did his worst. What would be the consequence? The game might not be loet. Who could say the will was genuine ? CtBld he not urge that jit had been forced ? Who was Iehmeel ? A nameless man, com- ] >arativcly, with unknown antecedents. tV"ho -would gain .by the Will ? Ishmael and his niotfep-r. 'Well, the mother had been looked upon pjfld, while Tshmael was greatly avoided as a* mysterious character. He woutd claim that the^wQl was a forgery ; ind tliAr. if the case .^decided against fchem ili^y would be* txauEported. At leasts Ishmael would. Al^ fche case -was not so bad. For who could prove the will genuine P No one. The two witnesses were dead. Margery had died years before ; as for John Fraser, he would never. be heard of ag«in. Who would aocept Ishma-l's statement? No one.: He was a magistrate himself, and he knew. A man of his standing in the county would be believed a thousand times before this man. Y«8, he would fight to the end. He read the letter again, and his mind turned into a different channel. Might not this be a hoax P No doubt Jane Hendy had written the letter, no doubt, too, Ishmael had -spoken to her; but had he not done this to frighten him P Should he go to Jane Hendy and speak to her ? No j that would give credence to iBhmaeTs statement, for, of course, there must be no will. No, no, Ishmael could never have found it. Why the place was unknown, and even if it was known, a hundred men mifrht search and never find it. A dark hole difficult tb see, and then—no, no, it could not be! Again he perused the letter, and the more he felt confirmed in his opinion. He locked at his watch- It was nine o'clock. He went to the window and looked out. It was a wild night- The sky was leaden, and the winds howled fiercely. The pale crescent of the moon could not be seen. He could barely see .the trees which surrounded the house, but between the gusts of wind he could hear the leaves dropping from the branches, which were fast becoming bare. The winter was coming on early. He went hack to his chair and sat down again. He must know the truth of this, he could not rest until he was sure. It was essential that he should be certain, ao that be might make his plans accordingly. He had made up his mind to keep indoors during the evenings ; last night's work had unstrung his nerves and made him weak. The memory of it was terrible. Still, the woik was done/ and he would no longer be harassed in that direction. Oh, if Ishmael floated hy his side !" V Yes, I'll go and ^se," he said, at length ; "it'll be-a terrible journey, but I'll go." iHe looked at his watch again and considered. " The tide will be at its height at half• pajst eleven," he rmused; "by half-past twelve I can get along at the foot of the cliGEs. If I start from here at, about a quarter.to twplve l shall be able to manage easily. I wonder iz there ts any truth in the old folks' stories? I.wonder whether the ghosts of murdered people do appear at light time? It'll be a terrible journey; ut—yes, I'll go,; I shall never rest till I'm certain." He got up and looked in the glass. " I look an old man," he paid, as he gaaed on the reflection of hi3 haggard face. «Another twenty-four hours like the last has been and my bair will be white. Yes, another hour, and it'll be twenty-four hours inca I did it. Oh, I never, thought it would oome to this I" He sat down again, and rocked to and fro in his misery. "I'd better r give it up," he cried, "I'd better go to Ishmael and make terms with im. He'll , sorely be . willing to make . arrangements. I can give him Grace's dowry. What if it does destroy the marriage arrangements?- Grace would be glad. I can. see that _ she -liates the thought of marrying Betiilick, even although she's ncrificing henelffor my'sake.' I wonder if he wpuld, now 1 No. no, I'll not ask a favour of him; ffl fighf it to the end; lose orwin.rudo it!" ; At a,quarter, to twelve he put on a pair of thick boots and a warm overcoat. Then he went to a cupboard and took therefrom a small portable lamp, and placed it in, his. overcoat pocket. Then he took soma matches, and after striking two or three, to see that they ignited easily, he studied a minute, as if in doubt as to whether there was anything more. He noiselessly opened the library door and stood in the dark passage. He remembered being there with Judith long . years before. Ah, .how die loved , him I Yes, that night was the first step in the great sin which had ended twenty-five yeus afterwards in murder. No, not thatjustifiable homicide. He listened intently. All was silent, no sound brok»! the stillness of the. niglit. He thought he heard one of the servants' breathing heavily, but that was all. Every one was asleep but himself, axyl he felt as though he should never deep again. Jbika u Macbeth, he had murdered it. He turned the lamp low, and crept through ths passage into tha Mtchen, and then went out into the yard by the kitchen, door. A dog leaped forward with a low growl, but seeing who it was whined affectionately and wagged its tail, as if expecting to accompany him. "I dans not take him," he mattered, « although he would be company. Lie down hem in the kitchen, old man, and be quiet." , ' The dog did as he was bid, while Reuben, letting himself out again, hurried iacrpss ,the yard into the lane. He stood still' and listened. Nothing could be heard save, the wind moaning through the trees. HE hurried up the lane, stopping suddenly now and then, as if in fear, but no one appeared, no Sound was heard. After a sharp walk he arrived at ths cliffs, and saw far beneath him the' restless, turbulent sea., It was not so d&rk; out here under the open Bky tw at Penwithen. The palfe moon could be seen often er, the cloud* were swept moia rapidly aoross the wild sky, the night did not appear quite so sullen. He looked all around him, anxiously, fear* fully, and then: breathed a sigh of relirf. No one was near. The spot was open, neither hedges nor houses were near, and so it would be impossible for any one to hide. It was terribly lonely. The nearest cottage was far away, and the howling wind, mingling with the'roar of the.j.sea, made him aVin^jjpr, flakes of foam, were constantly jblowh against his face, sohe knew that ths Atlantic was in a furious mood. -: He walked on until he cam* to the "precipitous footpath leading to the beach. For one who djjd not know every yard of the cliffs descent' would be perilous, but' Reuben did not hesitate, and in a few minutes stood on the hard sea sand./ Yes, the tide was receding, and even Aowlie saw a 'stretch of sand a few feet wide. He went southward. Fancy this scene. On the one hand, towering mgged cliffi ; above: a wild sky; on the other, a. storm-tossed angry sea hurling itself on the rock-bound coast. The tims, midnight. All sound drowned by the incessant roar of the waves and the howling winds. "Everjlwdy will be in b J," muttered Reuben ; " no one but a man with hell in his hcait v. on Id come to &uch; a spot as this on such a eight as this. My Goa I I wish I were back at Car!<gg&s; with an empty pocket and a light heart. On he trudged, now stumbling over the rocks, now splathicg through some stream of water .which ran towards the receding sea, but still making his way southward. " I was a fool not to destroy it," he went on at length 5 "if I had, there would be no need of this. I should hp.ve done it, too, if I hadn't betn a cowardly fool. Oh, if that letter were only written to frighten me, and it iB etill there, I shall destroy it the moment I get back to Penwithen. Tea, I'll do it, though the ghost of old Michael appeam before me and tells me to stop, >. Ton wderstasd tbofe old jnen'i storifi 19W, I can tee why they bargained with the devil. I'd gladly sell all tha soul I've got to lire in comfort all the rat of my life and be safe. Thare'd be joy and gladness in the thought ; bat those days are gone, all the old superatitions are destroyed." A grea* swept up, carrying with it a log cf wood, and as the water receded, left it lying before him. In the storm-light it did not look unlike the body of a man. He started back with a cry of terror. • My God! " he cried," 'tis he I I can go no further, I am afraid. I dare not go past that thine/' Something flapped close to his ear, and a ghastly screech froze the blood in his veins. It was only a e«a bird which he had disturbed, and which, as soon ai it conld, flew back to itB shelter again; but to Reubtn it was the cry of a lost soul, It was a wandering spirit which conld fiod no rest. «It was like his cry last night wiw he fell 1" he gasped. " Oh, all the Penwithen lands, all the money it has brought me, good name, and all the rest will not pay for this. I'll go straight back and let him do his- W < Se turned around, and began to retrace his steps, but had only gone a few steps before he changed his mind « What of Grace and Bert? " he thought. " I'll Bave them if I can. I promised their mother that I'd never neglect them, and I must save them. Poor,dear Amelia! She gave her life for Grace! Oh, my darling 1 Can't yon help me now? No, no. If there s a heaven, she's there; and the help I want can't come from heaven." . _ ,, Once mate he turned his face towards the south, and with trembling limbs came to the gnot where the log of wood still lay. He gave a laugh, half of relief, half ofmisery. "It's oiSy a bit of sea drift f" he cried. " Oh, what a coward I am—a great, hulking C °On^e rushed, unmindful of winds and waves. The stretch of sand was wider now, BO there was no difficulty in ^ walking. Presently a heap of rocks protruded themselves on to the beach, and then he stopped. "I Bhall soon know," he cried. "Ah, if it's still there it Bhall soon be ashes. Til bum it, in spite of all the dead men's curses that were ever invented. Why, oh, why didn't I do it j«an ago t" He crept behind the great heap of rocks, and found a fissure wide enough through which to squeeze his body; then he crawled •long a few feet, until he was out of the wind. Outside the wind wailed and the sea gorged, but here wa« shelter and rest. Taking his lamp from his pocket, he carefully lit it, and looked anxiously around him, after which he went farther into the ^Letting the light fall on the ground, he examined the sandy floor. It had not been disturbed since the last flood fade, and no mark of a footstep was to be seen. He looked upward, and everything appeared as it was when he came there last. AH was dark, gloomy, and silent. The ses sounded far away; he was alone—alk ali alone. He stood still a second, as if afraid to act, and he strained his ears, as if he thought he heard something. No; all was silent as death. He made a step forward towards a dark corner of the cave. Hark, what was that P He thought he heard a sound like the failing of a stone, ana he listened wain. No, he was mistaken; he was simply afraid. He went to the dark corner, and after looking awhile found an aperture. Into this'he put his hand. He could feet nothing. Gold sweat trickled downjns face,'and his limbs trembled. «He must have found it!" he gasped, <«a6dIamlostl" „ ,, . Aeain he pushed his arm into the aperture, thistime as far as he could readu His fingers touched something smooth and cold. Heclutched it tightly and drew it out., - life ! safeJ" hi cried j Tm a man again. Let me burn this when I get home, and then what bave I to fear 1" Unbuttoning his coat, he pat it into his breast-pocket, then he carefully bnttoned his coat again, and again he realised the hanntSigieM which he had felt long years before when old Margery met him along the coast and asked him for the will. " It seems to carry a curse with it, he muttered, " but it will be only for an hour. Once more he held up the lamp, but in so doing knocked his arm, and the lamp feU trend his hand. In picking it up he looked towards the entrance of the cave, and he thought he saw something shining, and quickly heldthe light towards it, but nothing was to be seen. « Another delusion," he moaned, " another delusion—ah, but I wish John Fraser was a delusion. Living or dead, he is a curse to me. Still, the will is safe, and the name of Penwithen will not be disgraced.' He groped out ®f the cave again, and in a few seconds later he stood under the open akr Madly he rushed along the beacb, looking neither to the right nor left, and so be did not notice that he was followed. Yet It was so. A man bending almost to a double kept near him all the way, even as he had done ever since lie had lett Penwithen. When. Beuben Penwithen had stood on the cliff, «id breathed a sigh of relief , because he was nnnoticed, this creature had been lyiag flat on the ground} but his eyes were never taken from the frenzied yeoman. When Beuben had turned and fled from the log that the waves had rolled on the shore, hia follower crouched bahind aroek and watched, and when the frenzied man had entered the cav* andst&ichedfor; the will, no movement went unnoticed. The watcher muttered ofttimes too; but hie feared not. No ghostly visitant, troubled bim j all his thoughts Were about the man before him, whom he knew walked in hell. When Beuben hurried towards Penwithen, and stumbled sometimes as he trudged along the beach, his watcher seemed to be undecided" whether to make knrwn, but he let ium climb the cliff first, tl.en, rushing up as easily as a chamois rushes up a mountain path, he saw that he muir do M B oT k onie y headland again Benin's heart beat lighter; Even the last nip its deed did not trouble him ^uchjww, so, grimly smiling as he felt the packet lying safely over his heart, he journtyed rapidly towardfl his home. Presently, bowever, Ms quick ear detected a sound, and he ma about "to turn around when he i«it a stealthy hand fasten itself upon his arm like the grip of steel, while a low, mocking voice said to him: r. , ,, "I want to speak to you, Beuben lengthen." CHAPTER IL DESPAIB ! "The sorrows of death compassed me and the pains of hell gat hold uponme.^^ «And it was all play, and no one c.old tell what it had lived and worked for- Btriving and a striving, and an ending in nothing." B —OLIVE SCABBING;: Beuben started in terror. He tad thought be was alone, he never drea ded in spite of his watchmgs, that any one out himself could be out at eush an hoar, on «uch a night, and so he gasped,— , ti Who are you f What do you want i " Several things," was the quiet reply By this tirte he had got over his sur; rise a little, and he looked up into the fae ; ol the man who spoke so atrsagely. ; "Ishmael Pengellyl" I "Yes. Ton didn't think I was so j interested In you movements, eh 1 Well, X j am*yon see.** ! \- What do you want I I " YoukcO wvery walL I want what you I tftole, what X have been Seeking for years.' Did be know what had been done, and "" - Reubendidnotkaowj " ?'ve only a few ponndB with me, Ishm«l Pengally. If you'd asked me in a proper wav I would have let you bave them readily. But it seems you prefer becoming a midnight robber. Well, I expected it of you." " Fortunately, I do not want your money. I only claim my rights, mine and mother's. You possess what does not belong to you, and T claim it ." \- What do you mean 7" " You know what I mean. Michael Penrose's will." " Still mad on that? There never was a will." ' Very well, then I'll be content with what you have in your breast pocket." " Breast pocket f Mv—you—you aawj 1" "Saw? certainly I did. I kept my eyes open for that." Then Penwithen lost his presence of mind for a minute. " But how—how did you know V' he cried. " Know?" replied Ishmael; " I told you I knew. You thought you ware alone tonight Well, you weren't; I followed. I saw you enter the cave. I saw you take the will from its hiding place. You have it now—give it to me." " Then you sent that " " Yes, I sent the letter. You see, my plans were ready. I don't mind telling yon this now, becaue it is best yon «honld know, I made sure that the letter would fetch you, and it has." "You scheming demon 1" cried Beuben. maddened-by the cool mockery of his tormentor. " Yes, we've both schemed. I to gain my rights, you to keep what was never yours. But I schemed best. You are too much of a coward to be successful in what you do. Your nerves are of patty, mine of stesL There's the difference." Ishmael held him in the same steady grip, never mi«mg a single movement of his body. «It wasn't a will I took/' said Beuben. "It was something 1 which does not affect you in the slightest degree. But m get yon what you want. Come to me in the morning and yon shall have it." " It wouldn't be convenient for me to come in the morning," said Ishmael mockingly; " you see, I'm so much interested in those Lelant mines. Ever since you were 80 anxious, through Squire Refcallick, to put five hundred pounds in them for me, those mines have had a wonderful fascination," and he laughed a low, bitter laugh. Beuben writhed as he heard this taunt. The young WM had seen through his every movement. n « Besides," Ishmael went on," Tve a very strong desire to see what yon took fcom the cave. It must have a curious history, and as you say it does not affect me, there can be no possible objection." Beuben hesitated a minute, then he caid huskily— " Very well, yon shall see it." TffVim^ol loosened his grip somewhat then, and Beuben who had anticipated this, made a sudden struggle, and slipped from his grasp. He made a wild leap forward, and fled for life. A minute later he was hurled to the ground with terrible force. "Very well," said iBhmael; "since one way will not succeed another must be tried." „ With no gentile hand he tore the coat open, and took the packet away from the prostrate man at his feet. He put it in lis own pocket, and buttoned his coat carefully over it, while Beuben, who had been stunned by the fall, roee slowly to his feet.. By this time Ishmael was becoming excited. His eyes gleamed red, and his hands quivered with passion. Every nerve was highly strung. At la«t he was victorious. Long years he had been waiting for this time, waiting; watching, and scheming. Now that he had f ound the will the were his, and to him that meant home, happiness, heaven! He felt that he possessed a great treasure, and the man or men who took it from him would have a terrible work before them- He no longer felt that he could mock Beuben; he wanted to pour out his hatred in burning, bitter words. Still he retained command over himself, and still watched the man he had so far conquered. But the battle was not ended yet. " Give that back," cried Beuben. " It is not yours ; it is mine." " Prove it yours at a court of law, then." "Yes, I will; and if there is a law in the land you shall suffer for this, you thieving, murdering -" " Words are cheap, names are cheap," said Ishmael. "I feel likft^calling you names. You who have ruinedaay mother's life and blighted urine. Youwho for fiveand-twenty years have grown fat on what has never belonged to you,; you who have tried to ruin my prospects, my life, you who have embittered my heart, and made the earth black. But never mind, the day of reckoning has come, and .now we shall sea who will win. Perhaps when you lie in a felon's cell, and your children are cursed by your evil deeds, you will know fihat you made a bad bargain when you sold your soul to the devil in order to rob a defenceless girl of her rights. But you'll suffer. You ha«re suffered for fiveand-twenty years and you will suffer to the end." " AT"* do you think you will not suffer too ?" cried Beuben. " Do you think you will have all things in your way. If I sold mysoulto tii? devil,haven'tyou ? Haven't you given yourself over to hate, and cruelty for revenge P "Which is the worse, you or IP I -suffered for twenty-five years, you ; sqy; yes, and yon will suffer as long as you live. IF I've sown lies, you've sown hate, and God-will make yon reap hell, as he has made me reap it." Beuben Penwithen seemed to forget himself as he 3aid tbis. For a minute his eyes were opened to truth, and he saw things in a new light. Even Ishmael'Q heart quailed as he heard the words, which he somehow felt were true. But only for a moment. " I know nothing of your theology," he said; "it is not in my line. IH get my rights, and risk all the rest. I'll get those I love in the pld horae, and rejoice that yen reap what you've sown in a felon's cell, and after that on a ^ " " You never will;" cried Beuben, a new light in his eyes for a moment. « The foiwg you've taken from me is forged; it is as worthless as the paper on whiph it is written. Michael Penrose never made a will." Ishmael laughed. "I'll chance that,Beuben Penwithen; and if I were yon I would think a little before I made silly statements. You should have watched old Margery Gondge more closely. You should have listened to her conventions with old Sally Grigg when she was dying. Death frightens people, it makes them tell." " What do you mean F gasped Beuben. " fifean. I mean that Margery Goudge madeaconfcseip&onhgr; death-bed. She wrote on a piece of paper shortly before dying the truth about old Michael's will; she signed it with her own hand, and old Sally witnessed it. I've, got that confession, Beuben Penwithen. Bo yon think T I'd dare to match myself with yon until was prepared? For ^ ^ waiting fr* I ehonM hare tried this 'o? gettin the will before, only I kftew yott woul< bring np your forgery story." "The confession is a forgery tool" yelled Beuben, "the whole tiling is trumped up 1" "We'll see," said Ishmael. "As it happens, Sally is still living. Very weak, 'tis true but sensible, quite sensible. If I » cwttof typwita llkt jow, sad v*at to Chape 1 like you do, I Bhould say that there war truth in that faying about the wheel§ of Goi grinding slowly, but grinding wtceedinsr small." Dnricig this time they had been standing face to face, each watching the other, each trying to see the weakness in each other'* ftrmocr, but at these last words of Ishmael Beuben seemed to lose all control over himself, and made s frantic leap at the young man, and madly tried to wrc-si the will from him. As we have said, Benben was a strong man, and bad been trained in the art of wrestling. Moreover, his strength at this time was the strength of detpHir. If he could once get the will back again, and burn it, there would be hope even yet. And so h« struggled with a ghastly, unnatural strength. But he had matched himself with a man far stronger than himself. The loosely-built, raw-boned, ungainly youth had grown to be as strong as a young giant. Every physical feat that could be attempted during the years he had attempted, every possible means of strengthening his body he had used, until his sinews became lfte steel. Besides, ifB«uben had something to struggle for, so had he ; and so the battle proved unequal. Again the older man lay on the ground, an inert mass, while Ishmael stood over him, his great fists clenched. "No. Beuben Penwithen," he said, "you didn't fiad John Eraser to deal with this time, did you? I'm not so easily thrown over a cliff. Ha \ ha 1" and his mocking la%h made Penwithen's flesh creep. " It's a lie I" he cried in agony, jfeeling how closaly the net of his destruction was being 3rawn around him. " It's a lie ?" "Then my eyes lied. I saw you, but I didn't get up soon enough to stop the deed. Oh, I've a strong case, and the world shall know. A felon's eeU 1 Ah, I forgot, it'll be tbs trallowB I" " You can't prove it 1 Dead men can't " That's true, and Fraser's dead, isn't hef But people tell things before they die. As it happened, the cliff w&s; far from perpendicular there, and his fall was broken. So I rushed to the beach by a pathway near, and found him braised and battered." " Then he's not dead; "thank God for that 1" " People don't fall that distance and live long," replied Ishmael. " But I carried him to his home, and described on paper what you had done, and he wrote his name' to it, and it was witnessed, and not by me only." Beuben Penwithen rose to his feet slowly. No longer was there wild passion in his eyes, but a look of sullen despair. An unnatural calm seemed to rest upon bim, and all desire for struggle was gone. " Very well, Ishmatl," he said; " yoa've done what yon aimed to do. You've worked my destruction ,» you've ruined the lives of my children. I've done all I could, and you've conquered. I robbtd Judith and deceived her, and Judith's son was reared for vengeance. Well, you've got it. Never mind; I've lived in hell, so will you. I've sinned for self and greed and pride, and afterwards for the love of my children; you have sinned in hatred and cruelty and revenge. You have won the battle; but you'll rue it." Ishmael listened like one in a dreani. It seemed as though a cold hand were, laid ou his heart; as Beuben spoke, and he could not reply. «I'm going back to Penwithen," Beuben went on ; " I shall not inhabit it long, but I must go back now. You can do your worst; it doesn't matter, it's inly a little while." He went .away without speaking another word. Ishmael stood and watched him. By this time the sky had become clear, and, the moon shone brightly. He walked like an old man. Sometimes he reeled. Still, he made his way to the house where his children lay, and through the lands which he had sinned to obtain and to keep. Presently Ishmael gave a sigh. His joy now was not so great as he had expected,, but there was a feeling of grim satisfaction in his heart, "At last, at test," he murmured, "and now" it's all mine, all mine. How please! mother will be, ay, and how pleased Grace wiil be. - It shall* be her home, her lands ; together we will enjoy • it. When I've finished this work I wili find her, acd then I shall be ab'e to rest." Then he wandered away towards CoombShead, hugging to his body the words old Michael had written before he, Ishmael, was born. As for Reubtn, he went back like one Btunned. The sin of twrnty-five years waj dissevered, and proved. Saon it would be known 1 to the world, eoon his name would, be a ; b7-woid aimoitg' the people, and his children <&spie;&d; and- Sivoided. All his care to make his position'Was'in vain now, all bis aristocratic acquaintances woul<i close thcor doors against him. . And he deserved it. Well, well, it would not he for long. After all, his only grief now was for bis children. It was hard that they should suffer fpr him, but so it was. Oh, it had been a weary, weary struggle, and it had ended in defeat, terrible defeat, and disgrace And suppose it had ended ia victory, what thenf Ah, the pame was oot worih the candle. He had been far happier, far better as Beuben Penwithen, of Carloggas, than as Benben Penwithen, Ecq, owner of Penwithen. - Strange as it may seem, he scarcely regretted that the will w*s taken'from him.' Gmcealed guilt, with a constant f isr of discovery, was bat little better than discovered guilt. All would be known soofi, but he would not know what the world said. He was determined on that. He entered Penwithen House in the same stolid way, and, as if by instinct, turned towards the library, where he had brooded so many hours. He aat down, in the old arm chair, and remained motionless for hours; then he rose up and, opening his desk, began to write. He rapidly scribbled a doaen pages, then read them, as if he wanted to see whether he had expressed his thoughts correctly. . When he had done this, he threw all he had written into the fire, and began again! This time he did not wrifce. : .so. much, just a couple of pages of note-paper. "That will do," he said wheh he had finished. "I cannot confess-my guilt, to them, I can only warn them. They will know soon enough; he will. gloat over their suffering, he trill laugh at their disgrace." Oahnly he folded the paper, and placed it in an envelope, whiph he carefully sealed. Then he wrote in a-clear, steady hand:— " For my boy Bertie, And my maid^Grace. "To be read when.I am gone. " May the Lord have mercy upon them and ttpon me. " r Whatsoever a man aoweth, that shall he also reap.'" He placed the note inside the desk, but he did not lock it. " They will be sure to turn to it," he said. "Andthey will have no difficulty in guessing the rest," He eank back in his phair agqig, ^nd began to b^ood.. Evidently he was thinking deeply, and weighing sotce dceftd ^t'Vn" tive, for spasms of pain often - " . themselves in his face, hip 1 . .«vealed nervously. -u»nds twitched "Yes 5 *-; "" ..—.ie Is best," he mused, presently, -It must be best. When I am dead, people will pity the children. 'Poor yeung things P they will say,' they cannot help it.' If I live they will have more to bear. No, I will curse them as little aa I can. Besides, people often pity a criminal after he's hanged." He went to a cupboard and unlocked it, then he took from there an old pistol. It was an antiquated weapen, but deadly aof,- withstandi&g;, and he looked at it calmly, ourioqsly. After this he took a powder AlgJE ftncl « phpt-bag from the cupboard. He c.ireFully measured out the powder and emptied it into the barrel of the pistol, cauti >u:4y knocking the stock so that the powder might come bask to the nipple. With a steady hand he rammed in the powder, and afterwards poured the shot into hi hand. They were large-sized buckshot, and four of these he placed in the pistol, and pressed them down as coolly as if loading his gun far a day's shooting. Then he placed a cap on the nipple, pressing it carefully down with the cock of the pistol. "There," he said. "I think that's all ready; and as far as I know there's nothing to wait for." A far-away look came into his eyes, and his lips trembled. "And thi3 is the end," he muttered, "the end of all ray scheming, all my hopes, all my fears. Weil, better this than to be hauled before the magistrates, and after that the judge, and have it proved against me that I have been a thief, a defrauder, a murderer. Yes, a good deal better. Well, let this be the end." ( He lifted the pistol in his hand. "What will it be afterwards P' he muttered, "what, I wonder? Well, I ehall soon know. No hell can be worse than the hell I've been in. Besides, it is my duty to the children; the net is. drawn around me, on every side, every side. Well " He started guiltily, for he heard a step -outside the door. He had* forgotten that the night had passed and that the morning had come, and so did not know that the servants had entered the kitchen; but the noise aroused him. "Well, it's time enough, ifs time enough," he thought, as he put the pistol into his pocket; " time enough, but Fll keep it handy through the day. No doubt, he's at work, and soon they'll be here. Well, theyll. not . find much when they come; I'll take care of that." Quickly he locked the cupboard, and made the room tidy; theu noislessly he went to his bedroom, and washed ' himself and brushed his clothes. This done, he seemed to be .fighting a great battle with himself; but the matter in his mind was soon settled. " Yes, I'll go down and meet them. I want them to think as kindly of me as they can," he murmured; and after awhile,, hearing voices in the dining* room, he descended, and there greeted Bertie cheerfully, and kissed Grace affectionately. Through the breakfast hour, too, he chatted pleasantly, although he constantly looked out of the window and towards the door, as though expecting visitors. After breakfast, he again went to the library, pleading that he had much t® do, and there he sat throughout the day, listening, watching, and thinking. To his surprise, he had no callers. All went on as usual. His lunch was brought to the library, but the servants Acted just as usual. Evidently nothing had reached their ears. Still, at every sound he grasped his pistol, and then when he knew that no one had come, he would drop it again with a sigh of relief. " Life is very sweet, after all," he would murmur," and I would like to live, and atone for the past, if only for the children's sake. But it cannot be. He can show no mercy; and so it s only a matter of hours, just a matter of hours." Presently the darkness came on, and still no sign of Ishmael, no sign of callers. It was not like him to be so tardy—what was the meaning of it ? Well, he would go out, and take a last look at the home and land. The moon shone clearly, and he could see better to-night. The cloudB had gone, the night was frosty. He went out into the night, and looked lovingly at the old grey walls, and at the oldfashioned garden; then, feeling stronger with the fresh air, he went into the lane, and, as if impelled by an over-mastering impulse, he walked towards Tintagal. It was a long walk, but he reached the village at length, and entered the Boscastle road, "I Cfcn't help it," he said to himself, "1 must go." . He hurried along as though he had an important engagement to keep, and by-and-by a look of del Mum came into his eyes. Then he laughed a wild, frenzied laugh. '-Yes, we'll fbat together, float together side by side 1 And the waves will toss us, and the fish will eat u?, and we shall be beaten- against the rock* together." He hsd forgotten wh&t; l&hmael; had said, for the time he was mad. Bemorse, despair, had for the time unsettled his mind. He came to the spot where he and John FraBer had struggled, where he found a pathway down the cliff He stood on a rock, while the sea surged at his feet. Standing there a ! ona, his frenzy left him, and he became sullen and remorseful again. "He's at work, at work," he thought; " very likely the j olicp are at the house by now, Qf course, it took some time for him to get the warrant. What'll the children say t Oh, it's ha-d to die! And yet I threw him over. He must have fallen just here." He fancied he heard voices on the heights above him, and the thought that came to hi* mind was that Ishmael and . the police had followed him. "They shall never have me)" he cried, " never ! " and he plunged into the sea. He sank into the deep waters, and the waves rolled over him, while the pale moon shone brightly, and the stars crept out one by one. OHAPTEB III. QHK BVIJJ AND THE GOOD. " But bid the strain be wild and deep, Nor let thy notes of joy be first: I tell thee, minBtrei, I must weep, Or else this heavy heart will burst; For it hath been by sorrow nursed And ached in sleepless silence long ; Brit now 'tis doomed to know the worst, And break at once—or yield to song." —Hebrew Melodies, BYRON. The morning after the meeting between Ishmael and Beuben, the former walked from Ooombshead towards the house of retired lawyer, with whom he had become acquainted, Hs was going to him because he was a clever man and b,ecatue he cot friendly with Reuben Penwithen. E(e carried the will with him. He had slept but little through the night, he had been too excited and too eager to read tae words old Michael had written. The possession of the precious document was so strange to him that he felt he could not rest until it had been left somewhere in a place of safety. Of his dreams and fancies I need not speak, they can be more easily im^gin^d than described. He was hurrying along when he heard some one speaking cheerily to him, Holloa 1 Ishmael, whither away ? " Turning, he saw Bertie Penwithen coming from Ids home, and evidently anxious to speak to him. A guilty feeling came into his heart at seeing the young .wW— •* " woal<i eoon ^ ne it *B _ ~oaic. Somehow wliiob return for the kindnets ^•a deformed lad wanted to show him „ ur»"S ago. He would have hurried on, but litirtie hurried up to him, panting. What a myBterioas ca:uactcr you are, Ishmael," went on the young man, ia his boyish way ; " you seem always in a hurry, and with a hundred things on hand. What's up to-day ? " "Many things," replied Iehmael, fn a strange, husky voice ; " this is a strange world." " A light jolly one." replied young Pen withen, looking merrily towards his companion. "To 3otae it may repliei Ishmael; " 1 hp.vc found it orhf-.rwisp." Ve*, f-o doubt tciugs ^tre ra ber Tough o--. yxyj. vp-vtb ago," rajuiei iisriie. " but t-it-- tira be! i«r now, By work and a c'sar bv&d; jou've get on, end nsw you h.^-U ••<• position of trust, and are pretty well your own master. Mr Frank BetaUick told me on!y a day or so ago that the Squire more and more left the arrangement of everything to you, without scarcely a question." "Squire Bstaliick is very kind," replied Ishmael coldly ; " so is Mr Frank, too, for that matter." " Frank's a right jolly fellow, isn't he, Ishmael ? I suppose you know it t He'B to be my brother soon. I shall see more of you then, I expect. You see, I'm awfully fond of my sister, and shall want to visit her a good deal." Ishmael nodded. "Just so," he said t- quietly. " Let's see, I've met you twice since that night when you came along by Penwithen Lane. Don't you remember—a few weeks ago, at midnight ? I had been to the last picnic for the season." «i remember," replied Ishmael, with a faraway look in his eyes. He remembered, too, that he had just parted with the maiden he loved, and whom he had not seen since. He was not likely to forget that night. Even now the thought of that blissful time made his heart throb and the blood rush madly to his face. " I took a liking to you when we were boys, Ishmael; I hoped then that we should be fast friends. It was not my fault that we haven't been. We shall be now, I hope." Ishmael did not reply. "Do you remember our first meeting?" the young fellow went on, in his hearty way. »It was on the beach at Christmas- time, and tbe tide was coming in, and I couldn't climb the cliffs. You carried me up, and G-race give you half a crown, which you threw into the sea." I remember." replied Ishmael. " I remember the next meeting, too." Yes • I was sorry for that. Somehow Grace did not like you, and father didn't like you. You were such a sharp fellow, you know. But that was years ago. We have all altered since then." Again Ishmael was silent. "Fancy!" Baid Bertie, after a pause; " you were a great awkward fellow in service at Uncle Bassett's, and now you are quite admired by lots cf folks, I can tell you. Some one was telling me that Miss Grose admires you most wonderfully, while even Misa Jan« Betallick puts on her best smile when you pass by. Think of that J As for Grace, you've seen Grace, of ooarse ?" " Never." "Beallyl Oh, yes, yon have, only yon didn't know it was she. She's altogether changed from what she was when you saw her first. She's spent a good deal of her time on the Continent, and is as unlike the fiery little girl o£ years ago as can be. But you must have seen her." "Never." "Is it. possible! Well, perhaps you are right. You are a regular woman avoider, while Grace has stayed indoors an awf al lot lately. Being engaged to be married has made her a bit pad." " Just so," said Ishmael, and he turned to go. "Stay," went on Bertie, "I've one of Grace's photographs here. She's such a jolly girl is Grace, and I like to look at her face BO much that I cany her photograph in my pocket-book. She's my only sister, you know," He took a photograph from his pocketbook and looked at it, while his eyes lit up with affection. " You ought to know Grace," he said heartily. " Gome and look at this.'' Scarcely knowing what he was doing, Ishmael stepped to Bertie's side, an£ looked over hia shoulder. Then his great form shook like a leaf in the wind, while his face became pale, even to the lips. " Is that she—your sister?" he gasped. " Yes," replied Bertie, not noticing Ishmael's emotion. "We've been more than brother and MBter, I think. You' se^, I was weak and she was strong, and she took care of me years ago. We were always together, and I don't think that a fellow ever loved his sister like I love Grace." " Will you give me that—lend it me ? " said Ishmael hoarsely. " I'm afraid Grace wouldn't like it," Baid Bertie. He spoke like a boy, and yet he was about Ishmael's age. "Yes, she would," said Ishmael. "Let me have it—only for a day or so. I did not know—I want it very much." « You will not show it to any one ; that is — H e looked up at Ishmaers face, and then he seemed half afraid. "Yes, I will lend it you," he said ; " you are a friend of Frank's, and, you see, I like jou. You know what I would say, don't you ?" Eagerly ishmael grasped the bit of pasteboard ; then, without waiting for Bertie to speak another word, he hurried away. His brain seemed on fire, his heart felt too big for his bosom. His first feeling was that of a great joy. 8he was near to him—only a mile or to away. He could see the house in the distance ; but afterwards came a cold, biting fear, which gnawed at his heart, He could not understand. Everything was BO sudden, so unexpected. Grace Penwithen was his Grace, but Grace Penwithen was the promised wife of Frank Bstaliick, and she was the daughter of the man who had embittered his mother's life, and made his boyhood dark. What did it all mean J Where was the solu. tion? He hurried along the road heedlessly. He did not know where he was going now ; he did not care. What mattered? With one blow all his plans had been blown to the winds, all his hopes had become as thistledown. The girl to whom he had given his heart and whose warm kiss still seemed to burn on his lips, had years bsfore insulted him, despised him. She was the child of a villain, she had usurped the home of his mother, she had helped to deprive him of his rights. But—oh, there was so much surging up in his head, eo many wild fancies trying to shape themselves in his brain 1 Presently he became a little more calm, and he realised that her picture was iu his possession. He jumped over the fence. The photograph was sacred to him \ he muBt not be seen looking at it, ag sonie-vulgar man or woman might be passing along. He lay down beside the fence, and looked at the picture. His eyes s>edmed rivetted on it, not a single detail of the face or form escaped him. He saw the smooth forehead surmounted by tresses of chestnut hair; he lingered long over the great grey laughing eyes, and the rosebud mouth which he had Sssed. Grace, Grace, his Grace! For a time he thought of nothing else, and in his hand was his treasure, a thousand times dearer to him than old Michael's will, which made Penwithen's lands his mother's and hia. Looking at her face, his heart melted, his bitterness left him, his desire to punish Beuben w*s gone. New hopes, n®" - entered his h- art. His ' •• iife, oroising the demf»»" r . iove was exlife j v - which had cursed his oi eath of divine power was fanning his soul. "Eeligionie ; taught the Apostle John. " Divine J \ not human," say8 fch« modern theologian i deny the theologians. Human love is religion, it links us to the eternal, it is God'B great means of softening the heirt, it breaks down all barriers, a^eopa away fill impediments. No man is lost who can love, for all love is divine. It is the greatest regenerating force cf the ages, it is tho very life of the great God, for God its Love. Never dii Ishmael realiBe the me&Ewg; of his heart aa now. IS made Mm for ; ret everything but itself. What was a mother's hate now 1 What tho enmity c-t a lifetime, what theft, wbafc WT"< ng ? He loved, and the im'vro cf hia loved ono ^36 before him. defyiag him to do his worsi- Thus the tide swept over hie heart, carrying everything with ifcj^bufc by-an-"*- by it b-gftti to re',^f*i<' f tides Memory 'began to -e? ^"ork. The teaching of a lifetime began to put its claims forward. The experiences of the previous! night protruded themselves, jealousy, envy, revenge claimed to be heard. What did loving Grace mean? It meant that his mother's plans must be baulked, her hopes destroyed. Nay, it meant that her enemy must be forgiven. It meant that a series of crimes must be overlooked and allowed to remain in silence. It meant that he must be friendly with Reuben Penwithen. If Grace were Grace only, unencumbered by such associations, then he might forget, but loving Grace meant that which would destroy the hopes of a lifetime. It was too much. Loving Grace meant a mother's anger, ay, an angry mother's curse—it meant a life of strife. For a moment, anger, hatred and revenge conquered. His mother's wrongs and his own came back to him, and for a time Grace became the far-off maiden again. He forgot that he held her picture in his hand, he only remembered that he had fought a great battle with his enemy and bad been victorious, that he had obtained his evidence little by little, that he held old Michael's will in his pocket," - that he was the owner of the old house, and the hundreds of fair acres around it. Understand his position if you can, look into his heart, as I who tell this story have tried to do. Remember how he was reared. Think of the gall that embittered the formative, period of his life. Call to mind, too, the fact of his stern, rugged, passionate nature, on which all nobler infinances seem to have failed. Then think of his love; how it entered his heart, an l the thoughts that filled his brain. Remember] too, his hopeB, hia de -ires, and his fears; and when you do so you will see something of the battle which love and hate were fighting, you will in some degree realise the strife between the powers of evil and the powers of good which was raging in his passionate nature. Revenge is sweet, let who say otherwise. To overcome one's enemy is sweet as the morning dew, to the natural man. All history has shown it, the greatest souls in the ages have given evidence -of the fact Did not David rejoioe when he thought of his enemies P Did he not pray for their destruction ? The heart of man beats the same all through the centuries, and only God can' change it. And so Ishmael, trained to lift his hand against every man's hand, and who expected every m&n;'s hand to be lifted against him; Ishmael, wild in his love and wild in his hatred, had rejoiced in the hour of his triumph. Hitherto interest and hatred had gone aide by side, love for one and hatred for the other had gone hand in hand. But now all was changed. The maiden he loved with all the passion of his wild imperious soul was tie child of the man who had blighted the life of his mother, and robbed his own life of much that was dear. And thus the two forces fought. But not for long. The question faced him at length; Are you willing to give np your, love for your revenge P One of the two must be sacrificed. He looked at the picture of the fair girl again, and then in an instant the battle was decided. AH must go for her. Whither love for her called, he must go. Revenge, sweet as it might be, pride with all its allurements, a mother's approval, and the dreams of a lifetime, all must go, and then he should be rich beyond compare. "But she is to be wedded to Frank Retallick," said memory; but at that he laughed. He did not understand this arrangement. But what mattered it t There was a mistake somewhere. What! Grace, whose lips had met his ou that night—when the angels of God ORemad to be near and sanctioned their only kiss— marry Frank Keta'.liek f It was as impossible as snow m>d?r the burning summer sun. No, no, when she saw hitn again, all such arrangements, most likely her father's, wou : .d ba aa bruised reeds* and smoking flax, i But he must he np and doing. His eyes turned towards the grey oH nousa, and he remembered that was the<e. Should he not go to Beuben and tell him to real: and be quiet, for he had entered a newlife? No. hie first duty was. to "bis mother. She must be told. To her he must break the new6that a woman, the daughter of her enemy, had destroyed her hopes. It was a difhcult task te perform, but he must do it, ay, and do it at once. His heart yearned for Grace, but before he could claim her, he must go to his mother, he must tell her what had happened. From his lips she must learn that he forfeited vevenge, fortfeited everything, if needs be, for what was dearer them all elg& He looked at his watch. It was early yet, scarcely ten o'clock, but many a long weary mile lay between him and his mother's lonely home. He must go at once. Business did not press, and the fast trotting horse was ac his disposal. He hurried back to Coombshea^ ss^i^ t** if azaj n rr"; ThZZ," - .Lie, and the more he he hungered. While he ' of his love as far away, he could ue tardy, even in carrying out his plans of revenge; now that she was near he could linger over nothing. As he entered the stable-yard at Coombshead, he saw Baitie and Frank together. ^ "They must know nothing." be muttered, as he nodded to them. " Grace muat know nothing of t'nis : it woa'.d givp her pain Bertie must tnow nothing, for Grace loves her brother, snd his per row would be he-re; ay, and no change muat be made in P^uben Penwithen's lite, or Grace would wonder and inquire ; I must arrange it all. He would sot fell ^thr m; he hasn't ourag- j b^id^s, Bertie's conduct implies that he knows nothing. A^ for Frp.ser, tfcst be arranged. ! mil-* teil hi oi to le - vo thy o-xtntrr, or else e^d him and his Esther whrre her gossip?"^ tongue " ill cot be minded, r-liove Reuben Pmwithen'g Tee, yes, it ni'ist; all be done ear-fn! », so ths.^ n-! Eorrutv shall light upon ?<»> Graco' " IT" sttdrll<<3 his boree, wid, lead ng him : hf ^tJ-.bU'-yitr sprung upoa his bao!:. js^a Anything i?\aujt. ' •* imp Not* rts'st iag the cn, ».tfcer Penally anywbert, i ?"* hops " No; but I find I ought to take a long ride," said Ishmael. " I shall be back towards evening." " It looks a bit like rain. I'm afraid you won't enjoy it much." " No, I fancy I shall not enjoy it much,** he said grimly. Then he dismounted again, while a look of tenderness rested on his face. "Mr Bertie Penwithen, will yon come here a minute ?" he said quietly, yet in a husky voice. " Certainly," said Bertie, coming to his Bide. Ishmael looked steadily into his face. " I used to call you Bertie in my mind, years ago," " Then call me Bertie now, always," said the young fellow, heartily. " Ton wanted to be kind to me, and to be friends with me, didn't you ?" he continued. " Tea, I did; and I do now, although I can't make yon ont. Ton are such a funny fellow, yon know." " Well, Bertie, I care for you a great deal," he said, gently. " Do you, Ishmael ? I'm right glad." " Yes, I shall not have a pleaiant journey," be caid Blnwly, but yon'll make it a bit bright. By-snd-by, when it is over, things will ba very bright—I think." He jumped on his horBe and then galloped away without another word. " Strange fellow," said Frank. " Very, but somehow I like him, I always have done. Grace never did, but I always wanted him to be my friend; and he will ba now, I'm sure." '' But you and I shall be more than friends, Bert—we Bhall bs brothers." " I suppose so," said Bertie, but in such a way that Frank did not press the subject farther. "Yea," he said, "he will help me. His pure, gentle fa^e, ay, and bis helplessness, will make the meeting with mother faster." Hi» horse dashed forwaid at a full trot. He would have broken into a gallop now and then, bat Ishmael ccrbe^ him with a strong, steady hand. He would have liked to let him go at fall speed, but he remembered the journey, and he thought too of every mile that would have to be covered when he returned. Nothing could be drearier than the moon on which hia mother lived, aud Ishmael pitie i her in her sad life, aa, when reaching an eminence, ^e caw her cottage in the dis< tance. B^s and marshes, atony hillock and barren moon, mrt his Rtuse everywhere, and here she had liv d through tbe weary years. And his love must destroy her hopes 1 As he rode up to tbe cottage, he aaw liar carrying peat and tarf into -the hoace to burn. Her arms were bare, bar face fl'ein and lined with care. She looked np and saw him. " Ishmael, my boy, Tshmael," she said. " Yes, mother ; I've come to tell yon something. Lat *s go into tbe house." Her hand fastened on hia, and thug with their hands clasped they entered the dreary • kitchen. To be Continued. 