3 Ilbert*. when fraeborn mem ^ SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1894 THE RETIREMENT OF MB, BRUCE SMITH. In the letter to a constituent, in which Mr. Bruce Smith announces his inten tion to retire from political life, some statements are made well deserving of attention from the electors generally. An regards the withdrawal of Mr. Bruce Smith himself from Parliament, there will be only one feeling, general regret, that circumstances should make such a course in his opinion necessary. There is not, perhaps, a raomber of the Assembly for whom a higher respect is felt in side and outside the Chamber. This feeling is not alone due to his intellec tual equipment, which is acknowledged to be of a very high calibre, but also to the sincerity and honeBty of purposes for which he has been distinguished throughout his public career. How ever mistaken some of his political convictions might be considered by those who differed from him, it was always apparent to friends and op ponents alike that his views or actions were never influenced by the paltry motives or intrigues which too fre quently disgrace parliamentary war fare in these colonies. His whole con duct has ever been that of a high minded man actuated by a conscien tious desire to discharge his duties to the people fearlessly and straight forwardly. When in ■ office he gave proof also of being an able, energetic, and impartial adminis trator with that capacity for business affairs his early commercial training had given him. The loss of such a man from a political stage by no means crowded with high-class characters will naturally be felt as a severe one by the public. But the most serious question that will arise in connection with his retirement is the causes assigned for it, the extent to which these causes have relation specially to Mr. Bruce Smith himself, and what effect they may be expected to have generally on the future Parlia mentary life of the country. In dealing with the first division of this question, we are obliged to give at tention to the statement that his pro fessional duties have increased so largely of late that it would not be possible for him to give the time now necessary for a proper attention to Parliamentary work. If this state of things arose solely through the large practice Mr. Smith's growing repute at the" bar has secured, the electors while regretting his loss would understand it to be inevitable, and due to no fault of theirs. But, unfortunately this cannot be accepted as the proper explana tion of the matter. In the English House of Commons there are numbers of lawyers equally as busy at the bar as any member of the legal fraternity in this colony can claim to be, but who still find time to attend to the duties demanded by their political position. The legislatures of the other colonies also supply similar examples, and it is therefore plain the excuse put forward by Mr. Smith could not be received as a legitimate one, unless attended with other strengthen ing circumstances. These, however, it must be admitted, he has supplied in abundance, and to the disgrace of New South Wales it may be said that ours is, perhaps, the only legislature in the British Dominion to which they would apply with the same force. Mr. Smith puts the case very plainly when he says—" In previous Parliaments when the work of the legislature was so regulated as to occupy only a few months of the year, and when the business of the session could be, and was, disposed of during those few months, within reasonable hours, it was possible for men who had business to attend to outside Parliament to take a useful part in the public life of the colony." Now, as ho says, whether for the butter or the worse, all this has been changed; the ait tings of Parliament have bocorno almost continuous, and the hours almost incompatible with the dis charge of any other duties. In tbe estimation of nine-tenths of the intelli gent voters of the colony there will be very little question as to whether this change, which has made our Parlia ment notorious all over the world ob an Assembly of brawlers and windbags, is for the better or the worse. To transact the political business pertaining to a dependant province, with little more than a million people, it requires under the present system, Parliament to be almoBt continuously in session. That statement in itself contains a store of condemnation from which there iB no escape. If the same condition of things were allowed to exist in the Britiih Legislature or the American Congress, could either of those august bodies hopo to deal with the matters of stupendous importance which engage their attention ? In the neighboring colony of Victoria we fiud the parlia mentary session rarely lastB for more than four or five months, and it cannot be argued the legislative matters deali with there ore of a less iuiportaut nature than those brought forward in this colony. No doubt, one of the reasons for the lengthy sessions in New South Wales is the absurdly large number of representatives the As sembly consists of. By far the greater proportion of these membors consider it incumbent on them to air their eloquence for the benefit of their con stituents, the country ia its wisdom ex pending a large annual suin for the reporting and printing of this useless verbage in the pages of Hansard. It is to this ceaseless flow of stupid talk, resulting in late and rowdy sittings, most of the numerous dis graceful Parliamentary episodes re corded can be traced. It is natural that under such an infliction the tem pers of even ordinarily quiet disposi tionedmembers would besoured,audit is easy to understand the effect it is cal culated to have on excitable characters who have been induced to pay fre quent visits to the refreshment bar to sustain jaded nature. There can scarcely bo a doubt thut the manner in which we at present manage our legis lative affairs is well calculate:! to drive from politics all those who have not to depend upon their pay as members for tlio moans nf livinc indeed, it may bo that self-roapecting men of this class will feel that member ship entails greater sacrifices than the salary compensates for,and when this oe curs the representatives of the country will, as a natural consequence, fall into the hands of the lowest type of politi cal adventurers. To this state the re presentative system actually drifted in Bome of the local legislators of the American Union, a depth being ulti mately reached that excited the fears of the order-loving sections of these com munities. At present appearances point very strongly to quite as great political deterioration in New South Wales, unless some measures are taken to stem the current of decadence. If we are to have a different kind of legislature, one which will give the country the legislative measures its interests demand, we must firmly re solve to banish the demagogues, the charlatans, and blatant faddists with which tho present Assembly abounds. We are now cursed, it is acknowledged, with the very worst Parliament the colony has ever had, but there is nothing to prevent its successor being still worse if the electors, as a body, do not awake to a sense of their duties. The remedy is, however, wholly in their hands. Matters have not, for tunately, reached' that stage here yet that honest, capable men will not come forward as candidates, because there is still hope cherished in tho breasts of suitable persons that the people will rise to the occasion when the time comes. The electors, therefore, will have an opportunity given them in most electorates of choosing creditable representatives who can bo relied on to lift our parliamentary institutions to the level they should occupy. If they fail in acting rightly in this re spect they alone will be blameable for the consequences. In connection with the visit o£ the Premier to Wagga to-day, it is annouiiueil by Messrs. C. H. Croaker and G. Coleman, the joint secretaries of the Reception Com mittee, that Sir George Dibbs will be met at the Railway Station, on the arrival of the mail train at 9.25 a.m., and driven to tho Town Hall, where an address will bo pre sented to him on behalf of the citizens. In the evening a public meeting will he held at tho Oddfellows' Hall, when tho Premier will deliver his valedictory address to the electors of the constituency of which ho has been one of tho representatives for nearly ten years. At this meeting His Worship the Mayor will preside, and there will, no doubt, be a crowded audience. The gallery has been reserved for ladies. Afterwards the Premier will be entertained at a com plimentary supper in tho lodge room of the hall. The price of tickets for the supper has been fixed at 10s. 6d. In reference to the distribution of elector's rights, Mr. C. F. Butler, C.P.S., yesterday received a telegram from Mr. George Lewis, Chief Electoral Officer, in reply to a wire sent by hiin asking instructions kow to act in the case of persons applying for their rights who had removed from the district. Mr. Lewis informs Mr. Buticr that these persons' rights are to be forwarded to the policc of the district in which they now reside for delivery to the legitimate owners. Wagga electors, therefore, who have through their removal to Wyalong, or elsewhere, failed to receive their voting papers, will have now only to intimato their present place of residence to Mr. Butler, who will then forward their rights to tho policc at their now place of abode for delivery to the rightful owners in tho usual way. On Friday evening next, May 18, an entertainment will be given' in the Odd follows' Hall in aid of the Wagga Horticul tural Society. The entertainment has been organised by a number of ladies, and an interesting programme has been arranged. Amongst the items to bo gone through are Beveral choruses, recitations, songs and musical selections by juveniles, and a number of tableaux vivants, with limelight effects, will also be produced. The charges for admission are 2s front seats and Is back seats. As tho object of the promoters of tho entertainment is to reduce tho small Iiabilitg of tho association, it is hoped that'their efforts will meet with the success that is being looked forward to. Amongst the successful wine exhibitors at tho late Chicago exhibition were Messrs. Caldwell and Co., of Lako Albert, who seoured with five exhibits four bronze medal awards. The wines to which tho prizes were given wore Claret, Chablis, Shiraz and Verdcilho. In connection with tho samples Bent to tho exhibition, it may be mentioned that tho exhibitors received word thut a portion of their fiirst consignment had been frozen prior to the opening of the exposition. They then forwarded duplicate samples, and a quantity of these were destroyed by tho great fire which occurred sometime before tho closing of tho exhibition. To-morrow being Whit Sunday, speoial services of a festival character will bo held in St. JoIiu'b Church, Holy Commuuion will bo administered at 8.30 a.m.aud at the II o'clock service, the iatter fully choral. Order of serviceMorning : To Deum (Dr. Garrett's settiug in F); authem, "Come, Holy Ghost, our Souls InspireM (Thoa. Attwood); Kyrie (Tallis); Sanotus and Gloria (Dr. Dykes); hymn before sermon, 153\. Evening: Hymn 155 ; Magnificat and Nunc Dimittis (Sir J. Harnby) in D; anthem, "Lift up your heads" (Dr. Hopkius); hymns 154 and 207. The aggregate balance-sheet of the Bunk of Now South Wales shows the institution to bo in a very strong position. Tlio total paid-up capital, inclusive of the late in crease, now stands at £1,083,500. Tho reserve fund amounts to £1,118,375, and tho balance to the credit of profit and loss to £110,616 lis. Thoassetsincludocash, bullion and cash balances, £4,098,002 18s. 9d.; Government securities, £634,140 8s. 9d. Loans and advances to customers aro set down at £14,894,6(37 9s* 5d.t while the bank holds in deposits and accrued interest £17,421,031. Tho chairman's addreas at the annual meeting of the bauk hold on tho 30th ult. stated that the Dank Ihsuo Act did the work it was intended to perform, and when ils operation ceased thero was neither inconvcnionco to tho public nor Btrain upon the banks. The necessity which had caused so many to leave tjie city for tho develop ment of tho gold-mining iuduatry was likely to ue productive of much good in the way of increasing the annual output of tho precious metal, and in tho profitable em ployment of men otherwise idle or in dis tress. J.he extension of the meat-freezing industry was having an encouraging effect upon tho value of pastoral property, aud recognising its importance to the country the board had decided to lond reasonable assistance to the companies which were taking up the matter. The friends of the late Mr, David Small will regret tj hear of his death, which took place about midnight last night at Mr. 15. Seymour's Xatteraull's Hotel, Fitzmaurice etreet. Deceased, who was an old resident of Lake Albert, had been ailing for some tune from some internal disease, whic h finally was tho cause of his death. The funeral is aunouneed to leave the Tatter sail a Hotel at three o'clock this afternoon. flfternoon next a meeting of ladies will be held in tho committee rooms of the Murrumbidgce Pastoral and Agricultural Association with a view of forming a ladies* committee to undertake the^ management of the forthcoming show The Rev. R. Jennings with preach in St. Andrew's Church to-morrow morning and evening, and at Pine Gully in the afternoon, meeting of tho subscribers to the Hagga Benevolent Association will bo held at tho Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon next for tho purpose of amending tho rules, duo notice of which has been given. A full attendance of members is requested. Attejjtion is directed to an advertise ment from tho Mutual Life Insurance Company of New York, which appears in another column of this issae. Persons interested in Ufa w Lts, gardmg the methods and plans of the com pany are also notified that the manager for New South Wales, Air. Alex. MacKnig'ht, will shortly visit Wagga, and furnish any information relating thereto to enquirers. Mr. S Wright, bootmaker, of Fitzmaurice 8treet, annouuees elsewhere that in addition to repairing he is now prepared to make all kinds of boots and shoes, in which bia Bewa work is a speciality. A TRA.vsKiiit of the license of tho Black owati Hotel, North Wagga, was on Thurs* day last, granted by H. Jiaylis, L.M., from Ueorge Patteraon to John Pratt?. There were no applications for selections "ast afc Llind omce on Thuraday As usual, the Railway Commissioners have arranged for the issue of holiday ex cursiou tickets from all stations, except locally on tho Sydney and Newcastle suburban stations, commencing on Saturday ot m,nd tcontitnu.in8 until Thursday, i* t. k,ckcta being available for return by ordinary train until the 30th inat. The following letter has been forwarded to us for publication:—"Department: of .Lands, isyduey. May 7th, 1391. Sir,— Referring to your letter of the 18th ultimo., urging that the matter of the application for a camping reservo near The Hook Railway station ue dealt with as speedily as possible, I am directed by the Secretary for Lands to inform you tiiat tho mattor will bo con sidered by the Locai Land Board as early as possible, tho papers having been referred to the board for the purpose. I have the honor to he, Sir, your obedient servant, William Houston", Under-Secretary. Jus Gormly Esq., il.L.A., Parliament House, oyuuey." ' Ox Wednesday a 5 year old girl, the oI ,)lr-Jno- Muir, manager of the Middhngbank flour mill at Cooma, strayed into the mill, and while playing about her dress caught in tho main spindle. The child was literally torn to pieces. A three-year-old son of Mr. Ramsay, of Laggan, was attacked by a boar on Thurs day, and had the side of his face torn by the animal s tusks from tho ear to the bottom of the neck, the main artery being missed by an eighth of an inch. 1 Geo. Burkness, billiard marker, died £ r1 l,lursday at tho reception house Darlmghurat gaol. He was given into the custody of tho police yesterday by H>. Paul Herbert, a barber employed in Bent-sfcreet, and was then suffering from the effects of drink. When the police to day proceeded to the residence of Herbert to mforin him of tho death of Ms rrlcuJ they found him (Herert) lying dead on the sofa in his room. Medical evidence showed that death had resulted from natural cauacs in both cases. Charles Frederick Read, the steward of tho R.il.S. Arcadia, who was detected in carrying 1600 cigars ashore in a portman teau, was ordered at the Sydney Police Court on Thursday to forfeit £48, beinc three times the value of the cigars. The Full Court in Sydney on Thursday struck the name of Herbert Sal way, solicitor ottthe roll for wrongfully using the deeds ot Dover Heights, Bondi, as security with the Commercial Bank after having borrowed them from tiie Uuioa Bank on a plea that he wanted to draw a mortgage from them. He was prosecuted criminally for his con , duet but acquitted. The Chief Justice, in announcing the decision of the Court, said I that it had been found that Salway had been | guilty not only of fraud but of perjury, and no matter what high position was occupied by tho offendor, tho Court had to deal with its officers when it found them unfit to nor forrn their duty. Tiie question of deposit rates in all its bearings will again come before the Sydney banks. In the meantime the clearing through " exchange settlement" shows some reduction. The clearing for the week ended 7th May reached £2,268,472, aud clearincs for the IS weeks to tho same date totalled £39,137,847. A pebth telegram of Tuesday saysThe barque Ganymede arrived at Freemantlo yesterday with must of the crew down with Rcurvey. Two of the worst sufferers were I taken ashore and placed in the hospital, but j they died during the evening. j Certainly the best medicino known is Sander and Sons Eucalypti Extract. Test its eminently powerful effects in coughs, colds, influenza—the relief is instantaneous Xn serious cases, aud accidents of all kinds, bo they wounds, burns, scaldings, bruises sprains, it is tho safest remedy—no swellinc' no inflammation. Like suprising effects' produced in croup, dipthcria, bronchitis, inflammation of tho lungs, swelling etc • (liarrhusa, dysentary, diseases of the kidnevs and urinary organs. In use at hospitals and medical clinics all over the globe ; patronised by His Majesty tho Kmg of Italy ; crowned with medal and diploma at International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Trust in this proved article, aud reject all others. 