A LONDON GHOST. STARTLING STORY OF AN UNCANNY APPARITION. The good people of Brockley and Lewesham have been in a high state of excitement over a startling story of a ghost which has made its appearance in a lonely lane leading from Ladywell to Brockley Rise, and hundreds of persons have made their way to the spot whore the apparition has been seen. A gentle man who saw the ghost and related his experiences while sitting in his offics in London, said to one of the representatives of a city newspaper ; “It is now about three weeks ago that I had occasion to pass along the Brockley Road on my way to Wickham Terrace. It had just gone two o’clock when I set out from Forest Hill, and I should say it would bt half an hour later when I passed the Brookley Jack on my left. I was walking and thinking in an automatic way when 1 was arrested in my progress by a cause for which I could not account. Glancing round I saw, for it was not at all dark, that I was alone, but to make sure I listned, fearing that I might- have been followed, and that it was a sense of ap proaching danger. Turning to resume my way I observed, perhaps five or six paces from me, the motionless figure of a man-on horseback. I was considerably startled, for their presence thoir was not apparent when I first came to stand and everything I have told you about stopp ing to glance around did not occupy more than 10 or 15 seconds. Neither man nor boast was in the flesh. They were shadowy forms, but so distinctly did they show the man’s face under a throe cornered hat, his leather pistol pouches, and the panting and sweating horse which seemed to be resting after a severe run, were beyond all doubt, and if 1 had the ability of an artist I could limn them even now to the life—or rather the spirit. While I looked at the appamtion it dis appeared, and I never saw it again, nor do I wish to. I have nothing to say in explanation of the appartaion. Friends to whom I have mentioned the matter in private have started theories about highwaymen, murders, burials at cross roads, but I cannot do more than give these simple facts. It was on uncanny sight, as wo may say in the north, and my desire is to forget it.” It is only fair to add our informant is a man in middle life apparently well and strong, an ex alhlote, and a total abstainer of long stand ing. 