DEATH CSffiFIGATE, FROM THE DIARY OF A DOCTOR. (OONTIXWBB.t I arrived in London at an early hour tha next morning, and going straight to Hanover Square, saw the matron of tha excellent establishment for trained nurses which, is to he found there. X described the case, and chose a bright- looking young woman who I was snre had tact as well as experience. Making hasty arrangements that she should r.tart at once, X wired what I had done to Will. My own duties were sufficiently arduous to occupy overy moment of my time and every atom of my thoughts during the ra.3t of that day.. I returned home, ragged out, at a late hour that evening, and had just desired my servant to bring up supper, of whioh I otood much in need, when, instead, he handed me a telegram on a salver. “ When did this oomof ” I asked, looking at it suspiciously, and my thoughts instantly darting away to poor Will Raymond and his ■■unhappy littlo wife. “ The talogram oame half an hour ago, air,” replied the servant. I tore it open and uttered a groan. I was not prepared for the news which it contained. “’Mrs Raymond died at three o'clook thu afternoon.—Gray.’’ The pink slip of paper 3 uttered out of m» Laud, cud I eat in an almost dazed condition for several minutes. I had not time, however, for any long meditation. There cams a sharp peal to my front door, and another telegram was brought to mo. Tiiis was from Will. It contained the nort of nows whioh I might have ezpeoted :— “ For God's sake, come to me, Halifax. Come to-night.” Alas, it was impossible for mo to comply. X had a caso to attend to which by no possi bility could I deputy to another. I tele graphed to Will telling him that I codld not leave for Wales until the following evening, tat that then nothing should hinder my join ing him. I have nothing special to say about the time which intervened. I had the satisfac tion of knowing that I had pulled my patient through a severe illness, and, waary but thankful, I stopped into the midnight train which was to take me to Wales. Onoti again I arrived there in the morning, but this time Grey was waiting for me on the platform. He came forward to meet me with r.tuch eagorness, ebook my hand and looked into my face. His manner was disturbed, end his somewhat phlegmatic nature evi dently stirred to its depths. “I am more than glad you have come," he r-aid. “Raymond is in a queer way. 1 thought his wifo insane before her doath ; 1 row think that unless something is imme diately dona for his relief, his brain will go." “ Nonsense, nonsense," I retorted. “Ray mond has as steady a brain as any lellow I But then I stopped abruptly. Certain peculiarities with regard to his past history occurred to mo, and I was silent. Raymond was undoubtedly my friend, but X knew nothing of the psychological history of his house. 1 made up my mind to treat the doctor's fears lightly, and proceed in a rdssdy and cheerful voice:— “You must make full allowance for the terrible shock my poor friend has sustained.” “ Yes, yes,” said Grey : “of course, any one would make allowance for gnot am1 even violent distross, but the man’s conduct is more than eccentric. Do you know what he has “No," I said. “Whatr" “He is going to take that poor dead young woman home to Berkshire. I am given to understand that there was no end of demonstrations getting ready at his place for the return of tho bride and bridegroom. He and Mrs Raymond seem to have talked over this home-coming a good deal, and he aays she shall orosa tho threshold of his house dead or living. Hu has given orders that a coffin is to bo made for her out of some of the cak at Raymond Towers, and, in tho mean time, she has been put into a hastily impro vised shell, and the miserable funeral proces sion is to start from here a to o'clock to-morrow moming.” “ So soon ?" I inquired. “ Yes, there has bean an awful hurry about G very thing. All arra ngenients areno w, however, complete. Raymond has engaged a spaoial train, and the line is to be oleared along the entire route; of course, at enormous exponse. He ha? asked me to accompany him, but now that yon have arrived, that will eoarcely be “ Probably not,” I answered. Wo had by this time entered th9 house, and 1C my took me upstairs to the wretched apology for a drawingroom where I had sat with Raymond a oouple of days ago. He was not present; I looked around for him anxiously. “ He is m the rocm with his poor wife, said Grey, noticing my perturbed glanco; “ he spends almost all his time there. The worst place in the world for him, I should i.uy, in his present state of nervous excite “■Well, I must go and find him,” I said ; “ hut before I do so I shall be glad if you will give me any particulars in your power with regard to Mrs Raymond's last moments. When I left Llanmordaff two nights ago, I had not the sliehtesc fears for the poor girl’s life. I was anxious, of bourse, with regard to her Btate, but my anxiety pointed altogether to her mental condition. When did a ohange for the worst take place, and why was I not tele graphed for immediately ?” “There was no time. We none of us thoaght her dying until she was dead. 1 visited her twice the night you left, and found her quiet and ineliued to sleep. She seemed to like tho woman I had sent in to nurse her pro tern., and asked her to sit by her and hold her hand. Tho following morning she was very quiot and still sleeping. I visited her at about 10 o’clock, took her temperature, which was normal, and felt her pulse. It was slow and fairly regular. I noticed, how aver, a very grey hue over her face, and won dered what her comploxion was ia health.” “She hada bright complexion,”!answered hastily. “Well, sho looked grey, hut there were no other symptoms to indicate any danger, and I thought her aesiro for sleep a good sign and begged of the nnrsa to encourage it as much as possiblo. I spoke to Raymond hopefully, poor fellow, and promised to.-call again at “ I was hindered coming until nearly one o’clock. I then saw her again ; she was asleep, breathing easily and with a happy fitnile on her face. About a quarter past throe, I was just about to leave my house to nea a patient at a little distance, when tho woman I had engaged as nurse rushed in frantically and informed me, with a burst of tsars, that Mrs Raymond was dead. ‘'1 She died in her sleep,' said the woman, ‘ without never a sigh or a groan. She just ."topped breathing, that was all.’ “I went over at once to the hotel to see bar, but Raymond had looked the door and would not allow anyone into the room. I even tried to force an entrance, but he did not listen to me or reply to my repeated knocks. I heard him muttering and moaning to him B3lf, and in a couple of hours he came out of the room with a wild expression in his eyes. The momentho saw me he (old me I was a * confounded fool,’ and used some more etrong expressions which Ido not care tore peat. I asked to see the dead woman. With a great oath he swore that not a Boul should look at her now again except himself." “ Then you did not see her after death 1” I interrupted. “ No ; there was no use in worryiug the coor fellow.” “And now sl.e is in her coffin V'I con “ 1'os. fastened up : all ready for her last long journey.” I said nothing further, and in a few moments was in Will’s presenoe. I must draw a veil over the scene which ■ followed. Will’s exoitement was all too real. He could not keep etill for a moment. His aves were bright and glassy, his hair unkempt; h.3 had not shaved for a day or two. The moment he saw me he ponred ont a volley of eager words. Then he burst into the most Iioartrending groan? I had ever listened to. ' The next moment hie manner altered ; ha | Laughed and told me with an awful kind of glee of the arrangement he had made for the ; funeral. “ I have ordered them to light bonfires,” he exclaimed. “ Just the same as if Maggie were alive. We have often talkod of those bonfires, and nothing ploa3ed her more than to hear of the reception we should receive on our home coming. She shall have her coming home all the same, Halifax. I myself will help to bear her across the threshold of her house aud mine. Sho shall sleep for at least one night under its roof before she goes to i join the other wives of onr house in the family | vault. That will please her—yes, that will | please her, poor darling." “ But she won't know anything about it,” I replied. Will fixed me with his bright eyes. “How can you tell?” he retorted. “Do you think her spirit has gone far from mine ? No, no; you won’t get me to believe that. We are twin spirits, and it is im possiblo to part us. Tnere waa a cloud. over the sweet soul during ths last fa w days of her life ; but Death has lifted it, she is mine again now." He paused abruptly here, locked his hands together tightly, end gared into the fire as if he wore looking at something. After a pause he said with another laugh : “ I have an impression, Halifax, that in the future a spirit will hannt Raymond j Towers. Nothing will induce Maggio to i stay in her grave whan I am living close to | bar. Do you believe in ghosts ?” 1 I retorted briefly. There was nothing ! whatever for it but to soothe the poor follow. If ho were not insane at present, he was evidently on the borderland. When he became a little more reasonable I tried to show him how more than absurd his different arrangements were. “You think you are showing respect for your poor wife’s memory for all this sort of thing,” I said. “But you arogreatly mis taken—people will pity- her and think that grief for her loss has turned your brain." “ It has not done that,” he said, with a sort of jerk of his shoulders. “ I am all right as far as my brain is concerned, and if you think, Halifax, that I oare that”—snapping his lingers with a loud click as he spoke— “ for what anyone thinks of me, you are finely mistaken. Maggie is (lead, but her spirit lives. All the future of my life will bo devoted to pleasing that poor wandering ghost, until— until I meet her and clasp her again.” There was an exalted sort of look about his face. I saw it was hopeless to argue with him. Thera waa nothing whatever for it hut to humor him and let this ghastly travesty of woe take its ooursa. Once again that night I saw Grey. He ‘ wa9sitting in the drawingroom of the inn, filling in the death certificate. The usual details were rapidly entered, but when he oamo to tho clause which obliged him to certiiy the iaot of death having taken place, ho had recourse to words provided in the certioate for medical men who had not seen the dead body. "I regret beyond words,” Isaid, “that you did not sea Mrs Raymond after death. You are unable to state ns an eye-witness that you saw her. For mypart I should be glad to see the present law alterod. I would make it oompulsory that no doctor should sign a death certificate without having first seen the dead body." “ That would he wall in most cases,” answered Grey, “ but there are exceptions, and legitimate ones, as in this caso. Youmay remember that I did express a wish to see the body, but was prevented by Mr Raymond’s extraordinary behavior.’ “ 'Well, it cannot he helped now,” I said. “1’oor Mrs Raymond undoubtedly died from syncope or shock—the said synoope or shock waa caused by tho railway accident which occurred a few days ago. Were this known a coroner’s inquest would have been neces sary. Wo must be careful to Bay nothing about it, however, for it would give her husband intense pain, whioh i3 for every reason to be avoided.” “ Certainly,” said Grey. “ By the way,” I asked, “ did the nurse, who must have arrived from London yester day morning, sea the body ?” “No; Raymond would not allow her near the room. Of course, Mrs M'Allister, the nurse from here, wbb obliged to perform the last duties to tho dead, and the under taker’s men had to measure her for the cotiin, or rather shell; but no one else has seen her, Halifax, except her wretohed husband. I am told that he put her into the cotiin himself and screwed tho lid down with his own hands, ” I turned away. I had nothing further to add, and soon afterwards retired to my Thad scarcely dropped asleep, or so it seemed to me, before I waa awakened by strange sounds in the room next to my own. I started, and listened attentively. I sud denly remembered that Mrs Raymond was lying in her coffin in this room. Pretty, brieht Maggie Raymond ! I re called her face as it was when I first saw it. A more innocent and a happier faco it would have been difficult to find, but even theu I waa attracted by something peculiar iu her eyes—they were beautiful; but it was not their beauty which arrested my professional interest. Two days ago I saw her for tbo last time—she sat up iu bed and played with her softhair. Then the mystery which dwelt in her lovely eyes was solved. It was latent insanity which "avo her that peculiar ex pression. This insanity had been rudely awakened into active lifo by the Bhock of the railway accident. n ell, now all was over. A short Ufa had oome to an abrupt termination. There was no uae worrying about Maggie—she hadgono to join the majority. .Nothing o£ life could affect her again. My real anxiety now, my real regret, wan for poor Raymond. Through the long houra of the night I heard him walking up and downgjthe room which contained hia wifo’a coffin. Now and then I heard hu groans, and once, good God ! I listened to his laughter. That laugh sent a thrill of horror through mo. Wa3 hi3 case similar to his wife’s? Was he, too, fast be coming insane ? I turned over in my mind several plans for helping him. and in the midst of my meditations fell asleep again. At a very early hour we were all stirring, and at five o’clock on this winter’s morning, in the midst of drizzling rain and fog, we steamed slowly out of the little station, carry ingall that wa3 mortal of poor Mrs Raymond back to her husband’s home. J. do not think in ray whole Ufo I ever ex perienced anything longer or more utterly dreary than this journey. vvu nna a »i_:. carriage to ourselves, in one corner of which the coffin was placed* I was glad to find that the excitement whioh had rendered Raymond’s conduct so strange the night before was now greatly subdued. He was very quiet, scarcely speak ing a word, but now and then laying his big hand with a caressing movement on the lid of the coffin, and now_ and then looking out of the window and smiling. I did not like the smils, nor the sort of satisfied expression on his faoe. Had he been plunged in tbo deepest woa, I could have un derstood him. He looked almost happy, however. I saw plainly that he was as much in a world apart from mino as waB the dead woman who lay in her coffin. I wondered how all this was going to end, and my fenrs with regard to Raymond’s mental condition were considerable. The longest journeys come at last to an end, however, and in the darkness of evening we arrived at a little wayside station three miles distant from Raymond Towers. Here the stationmastcr and several gentle men from the .neighborhood met us. They were all dressed in monrning, and I saw that this fact roused poor Raymond’s indignation at once. “ I don’t want this to he a mournful pro cession," he Baid, in a testy tone, to a neigh bor who oarne and with deep feeling shook the poor fellow by the hand. “ I am not conventional, and I don’t wish anything con ventional to be done. "Where is my steward ? Where is Berring?" “ Here, sir,” answeredthe man, taking off his hat. “ Benintr, have you attended to all my orders — bonfires, and all that sort of Berring muttered something which no one could quite diatiuauuh. There was a bustle oil the platform owing to the removal of the coffin, which was placed on a bier covered with a white velvet oloth. At this moment a touching thinghappened—sixyonng girls came forward and laid wreathe of white flowers on the coffin. They were daughters of neighbor ing squires. This token of respect touched Raymond, who went up and shook hands with one of them, and fortunately forgot to ask anything more about the bonfires. I saw the gentlemen who had come to meet him and to offer their hoarty sympathy and condolences looking at one another in a very significant manner, and I also saw that the moment had come for mo to interfere. I went np and took my friend firmly by the “Hands off,” ho said, pushing me from him with seme violence. But I would not notice this. “ Coins,” I said, “ your carriage is wait ing. Don’t make yourself remarkable, I beg of you, Raymond. I am going with you iu the oarriage. See, they are alroady moving forward with-" j “ My wife—my bride !’’ said Raymond. | “ How often we talked of this home-coming ! Halifax, my dear fellow, I feel dazed. What has come to me?” “ You arotired and worn out,” I answered, soothingly. “ Come.” 1 took his arm, and j he entered the brougham, which was waiting for him, without another word. I shall never forget that journey. The slow pace of the j mourning carriages, the solemn look of the! i hearse on iu front. It was a moon-lit and \ fine night, and tho whole ghastly pro cession was, 1 could Bee, viewed the entire way by lines of spectators. Fortunately there were no bonfires, and more fortunately still, Ray mond never noticed tho fact. We entered the winding and splendid avenue which lod to tho Towers, and after a time drew up at the principal ontranca, in the centre of the pile of buildings. “This door is never opened exoept for a bridal, a funeral, or a christening," said Raymond, in a light tone. “ Heigh-ho!” he continued, “ what a home-coming for the bonny bride.” He sprang out of tho carriage and went up to the hearse. Tho bearers came forward to lift the ooffin out. He pushed two of them roughly aside, and himself helped to oarry his doad wife across the threshold ot her The ooffin was placed on a raised dais in tho great central hall. This dais was completely covered with flowers. Raymond, having helped to put the coffin in its place, turned round and began to make a speech to the assembled visitors. Fortunately, this ghastly performance was more than he had strength for. Ho suddenly gave way, covered his face with his big hands, and rushed from the scene. I immediately asked the friendly neighbors to leave ns. They did so, evidently in the greatest con sternation, and I felt a slight sense of satis faction as I closed the wide doors on the last of them. An old, white-headed butler was standing in the hall. His face was perfectly scared. “ Good God !” he exolaimed. “ May I ask, air, if you’re a doctor ?” “ Vos,” I replied. “ Can yon tell me what's the matter with my poor master V" “ He is out of his mind for the time being.” I answered, promptly. “ Then God help us all,” replied the man. “ What is your name v” I inquired of him. ‘ ‘ Jasper, sir. I have served the family for close on thirty years. 1 was in the house when Mr William was horn. He was never quite like other lads, more shy like and morose a bit—but, oh, tho change in him when be got engaged to Miss Travers ! Oh, dear, oh, dear, why did she die, poor, young “ It was very sudden,” I replied. “ I will tell you about it later on. I don't mind say ing now that your master's oondition fills me with anxiety, but the heat thing all the rest of ns can do is to keep our heads. What is the name of the steward?” “ Herring, MrBerring." “I will see him by-and-by. Have all preparations been made for the funeral oero mony to-morrow ?'* “ I believe so, doctor—the oak coffin was sent in to-day.” “Tell Mr Barring that I want to bob him before he leaves for the night.” “ He will sleep hero to-night, sir.” “ That is good,” I replied. “ I am going to your master now. Bring food and wine to tho study, and be in readiness to come to me, should I ring." “ Yes, doctor.” The man retired, casting a pitying glance on the white coffin, which was now almost covered with flowers. I looked at it, too, and could not help uttering a sigh as I thought of all the tragody which it contained. I then went to find my poor friend. He was sitting in his study, warming his hands by a blazing fire. Ho had quite recovered from his temporary break down, and once again I saw that awful smile hovering round his lips. " uorno in, he Baid to me when he saw me at the door; “ not that we want you—we are very happy here together; I knew that we should be.” I had no need to ask what he meant. I knew too well that this was a further develop ment of his insanity. Ho thought, poor fellow that hie wife was really bearing him company. After a moment’s hesitation, I determined to speak in a oheerful tone. “ Come, come,” I said, “ even though you are happy you must not turn out an old friend.” I drew achair forward as I spoke. A frown crept over his face. “ She goes away when you come in,” he said. “ I wish you would leave us." “I will presently,” I answered; “ 1 want some supper, and so do yau. Ah, and here it comes. Lay it on that table, please, Jasper; thanks, that will do nicely.” The man withdrew noiselessly. I went to the table and insisted on Raymond's eating. I was relieved to find that ho WB3 hungry, and ate a good meal. I noticed that as he ate his face became less exalted and more natural in expression. “ She’s dead,” he said, suddenly. 411 can’t quite realise it.” “Have a glass of sherry,” I interrupted. He took it from my hand and tossed it off. “ She’s dead,” . he continued, “although her spirit has come to me as I knew it would. Hers was the first dead body lever saw. She looked beautiful in her last sleep.” “I am sure she did,” I answered. 441 should like to have seon her.” *• I always thought that dead people wore ' “ >lnt she was warm— after deatli she was very warm, lue she was cold, but not icy—not as books des cribe the dead.” 41 She died suddenly aud was yonng,” I answered. “ Sometimes chemical changes ac count for warmth after death. Now, Ray. mond, I am going to see you to your loom You must go to bed at once.” “No : I shall stay here.” “ Just as you please,” I answered. “ There is a sofa here,-a comfortable oub. You must lie down and go to sleep. ” “ My dear follow,” he answered, “I have not slept since Maggie died.” “You will to-night, for I am going to give you a sleeping draught.” “ l don’t think I’ll taka it. Should she visit me again, shB would think my conduct heartless.” “No, she won't—she sleeps well, and so must you. Come, lie down. You need not oven undress ; all I want you to do is to rest.” He was a bigger man than I, bat I foroed him to obey me. He lay down obediently bn the sofa. I put a rog over him, and then going to my bag whioh lay on the floor, 1 took out a small medicine chest, mixed a certain draught, and gave it to him. In five minutes he was soundly asleep, and I could leave the room. Berring was waiting to speak to me. Old Jasper hovered about ; in the. passages. Berring assured me that all was ready for the morrowVceremony. I 6aid I wished it to he as quiet as possible, and to take place early in the day. Berring said this shoufd.be dona, end proposed that Mr Herbert, the vicar, who was to officiate, should oome and see me that evening. “I will see him to-morrow,” I said. “It is too late now.” Then the men began to question ma with regard to Raymond. “ Was he really in I sane ? Had lira Raymond gone out of her j mhid before she died r ” “ I am sorry that I am unable to an3wer | yon,” I replied. “Mrs Raymond died from the effects of shock, oaused by a railway aocident, and her husband’s mind is at present in a very disturbed con dition. If great care i3 exercised, howover, and he is spared all undue excitement, I trust soon to see an improvement in Mm. I am now going to Bit in his room, and will wish you good- night.” The men retired, and I went softly back to the shaded study, and sat down in a chair by the fire. Raymond was sound asleep. I know that by Ms tranquil and regular breath ing. I also thought it extremely unlikely that he would wake before the morning. The bromidia I had given him would produce deeper and deeper slumber as the hours went by. There was possibility also that he might awake calm, self-possessed, and in his right mind once more. (TO BE aaXTUTUED.) 