Strange Doings at Dubbo A SELECTORS STRANGE STORY. The Dubbo Despatch tells a creepy story of uncanny hap- pennings, which, it is alleged, have taken place at a selectors residence in the locality. Here is the narrative in extense:- About three years ago Peter Stein, a steady, practical, frugal German, sold property he possessed in the Wagga Wagga district, and with his family came to Dubbo in search of land. He and his son Jacob, a young man now 28 years of age, took up two areas of 2560 acres each on the Coalbaggie. The selections are on the South Balladoran run and rather isolated. Jacob's selection is on the southern part of the run and there was when it was taken up an old hut upon it. In this at first lived the family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Stein, two adult sons, two adult daughters, and five younger children. With the family a young man named Daley came into the district. He had been reared by the Steins, and was as one of the family. He was much attached to them and they to him. Jacob determined to build on the site of the hut, while Peter commenced the erection of , a commodious re sidence on his land, about three miles away. The Steins were, however, no sooner settled down — the father and family in their new house and Jacob at his hut, than they heard at night strange voices, loud cooeyings, and awful screaming. Thinking that they proceeded from either belated travellers or homeward proceeding selec tors, more merry than sensible they took little notice of them. These sounds were only heard at intervals — a fortnight or three weeks intervening be \- tween their occurrence. They however, took place so regularly — for they were at one time heard at Jacob Stein's, and again at tho father's— that the idea of roysterers, making night, hideous with their noises, was given up. About 18 months ago there were further de- velopments, and, according to the family, strange manifes- tations. The furniture in Peter Stein's house became as pos- sessed. It jumped about in all directions and on one oc- casion (sic) the crash of crockery was something decidedly extra- ordinary and uncanny. Mrs Stein was baking in the kitchen one day and after she had her dough prepared to be placed in the oven an invisible hand caught it up and tossed it on the floor. These 'things have kept on from then till now, but with the further de velopment that the person re- sponsible — whether spirit of Heaven - or goblin damned — has frequently interviewed, and and has had conversations with the several members of the family. Evidently, the pre- sence is not of the regular type, for it does not wait till the “witching hour when the grave- yards yawn and ghosts troop forth” but comes along in broad daylight, and talks to a family, who are now somewhat terri- fied, as may well be imagined. In reply to a question from Peter Stein, invisible visi- tor has said that his name is George William Herbert, and that his mother, who was called Julia were burnt to death on the south Bal- ladoran run — that his father | died in the Cootamundra Hos- pital 18 years ago — that he (the speaker) had been hit upon the head and left for dead on the road— that he had been saved — and had subsisted upon herbs and weeds. Upon being asked to show himself by the elder Stein lie replied that if he did those .who saw him (Torn page).... tor they had never (Torn page).... like him before (Torn page).... Steins— and (Torn page). to the (lines missing re dogs) place seem to know when it is coming — although the Steins cannot see it — they appear to have that power, for they bark furiously, and one particular dog goes nearly wild with fear and excitement. About a fort- night ago things reached a cli- max, and the invisible one per- formed all kinds or pranks. It cast tomahawks and knives about, with the grace of an In- dian juggler, and upset pots, chairs, and other articles of do- mestic economy. So annoying have been the manifestations that the young fellow who came from Wagga Wagga with the Steins has left the place. Another man named Bowden, employed by them, lias also lelt, saying that if he were given the selection he would not live there. The whole thing is certainly mys- terious, but, however the sceptical may be inclined to laugh at it, there is not, our informant states, the slightest doubt that everyone of the family thoroughly believes what he tells, and each, from the youngest child to the father of the family has the same story to tell. Mrs. Stein, who is an English lady, with no tendency to the superstitious, is as convinced as she is of her existence that the place is haunted. A few days ago, at Peter Stein's request, the Very Rev. Father Byrne visited the selection, and though during the night and day he spent there he saw or heard nothing, he investigated as far as possible the affair, and is thoroughly satisfied that the Steins are believers that they are being annoyed by a power which can act materially, talk like a man or woman, all the time being invisible. The affair is extraordinary, and a searching inquiry should take, place. 