Under tlie Shadow of Crime \- . or- _ THE'MSTERY OF CLEMEHT DUHRAYES? By JEAN MIDDLEMASS, Author of a "Girl in a Thousand," " Senlod ' 1 by a ffiss," ' "By Fair Means," . : i':. "Touch and Go," &c.; now fljlsi published. Aa Queensland Rights Reserved. SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS OHAPTERS. Chatters I. and II.— Sir Louis Dunravqn,' of Abojrno ' Court, lias two nophows, Olombrit Dunravcn dud Pieioo Vaughaii. Tho haronot wishes tho former to marry Lady. Gortiudo Vorsohoylo, and makes it a condition of inni leaving him his property tlmt lie should pro- posoto-lior at once. Ho consents, hut with a " i seoret sorrow. Pioroo Vaughan, who is in lovo v' with Gertrude, determines that ho will discover , the seoret of his cousin, nnd accidentally finds . a nolo in the following terme : " Dearest Olora, , — Thanhs for your darling note. I will moot you at. the usual plaoo on Tuesday at dusk— Your ovor loving Beta." Clement does as his undo desires him, and proposes to and is accepted by Lady Gertrude. Pierce Vaughan hears of the. engagement with chagrin. As lie is walking in the grounds trying to cool his favored brow, ho distinotly sees a strange ' woman leave them. So suddenly hud she appeared and disappeared that sho seems liko a ghost. flrr.ymmw in. and.IV.— Clement Dunraven, after his engagement with Lady Gertrude, visits a littlo cottago about four miles from Aboyne Court, nnd thoro meets Lisbeth Glen- dinnlng, whom in a weak momont ho had made his wifo. Ho endeavours under his ulterod circumstances to mako his peace with her, und she consents not to interforo with him on con dition that the child, which is to bo horn to them, if a bov, shall suooeed to tho titio whioh will ovontually ho his. Vuughan, who man ages to forrctout his cousin's soorot, resolves to atop the marriage, and a fow days before the timo fixed for the wodding Lady Gortrado re-. ceive3 a letter in an unknown hand ; and open ing it a sorap of papor flutters to tho floor. Clemont Dunraven picked it uj) and finds on it the words "Darling Oloni," with tho signature ' ' Beta.' ' It was tho noto Vaughan had piokod v np under the old trco in the wood. CHAPTER V.— (Continued.) Sir Louis Dunraven, accompanied by Iioid Melbury, came out of tho drawing- room looking so ghastly white that he bore more resemblance to a corpso than to a living man. What had happened? Pierce won dered if some sudden revelation had been made. He was always on the lookout for that something against his cousin which should reinstate him in what he considered to he his proper position. hut again he was doomed to disap pointment. Sir Louis had heard nothing of Clement's private alfairs/'but thp delight he felt in his nephew's obedience to his orders, and tho excitement of the day, bad proved too much fpr the feeble old man, and the reaction had sot in before he was able to reach his home. They propped him up in his carriago with many cushions, and Pierce Vaughan But by his Bide, instead of the bridegroom with whom he had started in such bright spirits in the morning. The return journey to Aboyne Court was worthy of the state of morbid rago into which Pieroe had worked himself, nor did the present state of affairs improve the feelings with whioh he viewed life at this moment. He had intended, during tho tote a tote to whioh ho looked forward, with his unole that evening, to havo broached the subject of his own marriage with Elvira, and to have asked Sir Laais what — the young lady being willing — ho would do for him. Sir Louis. seomed fo ill, however, that Pierce began to foar he should have to defer the conference ; and during tho last hour or two, instigated thereto by a slight feeling of jealousy, he had begun to think it were wise to woo the rich daughter of the millionaire Delane. He, however, was fully aware that to sue in forma pau2>oris wore absolutely vain, Money begets money, and old Delane was not the sort of a man to allow his daughter to wed one who hud not a fair income of his own. and this Pieroe, from his work at the bar, could scarcely bo said to be the possessor of. "While ho was pondering over these things and feeling very muoh inclined to quarrel with fate for the secondary place in life whioh was acceded to him, tho carnage rolled quickly towards Aboyno Court, and worn-out Sir Louis lay very quietly and silently among his cushions. At last he gave a little gasp and heaved a deep sigh, but Pieroe Vaughan took no notice, so absorbed was he in his own gloomy ' contemplations. Nor was another word uttered by either of them until tho carnage drow up at the hall door. Pierce Vaughan sprang out and turned to assist his uncle, but Sir Louis did not attempt to move. 'Sir Louis is not very well,' Pieroe said, and signed to the butler who then carno forward. Another secondand the two men looked in eaoh other's faces in ghastly consterna tion. Sir Louis was dead. They carried him into the house, laid him on a sofa in the library, and sont for the doctor. But of what avail, life could ; not be recalled. . And as Pierce Vaughan stood thero v-< ;. gazing- on his dead unole what mixed emotions filled his soul. It was scarcoly affectionate regret that ho felt, hut suppressed and intense rage . . that death should have come now. ' ' Why not weoke before Aboyne Court . and its concomitant fortune had been settled on his cousin or weeks henoe, when he himself had had time and opportu nity to get some compensation for his \- terrible disappointment? ' And so angry was this man, who had ever been Sir Louis's favourite nephew, that he had scarcely patience to speak oivilly to tbo dootor when he arrived; he seemed so impatient at the inopportune moment of the death that the worthy follower of ; JEsoulapius thought his bohaviour most indecent, 'and was considerably relieved when Mr. Pierce Vaughan retired to his \- own room and loft the mournful details : which had to be arranged to himself and ; ; the servants. ' The will/ thought Pierce, as he closed a. the door of his room. ' If I could only see that will before Clement arrives, for, . of course, they will telegraph for him at , 1 once. But of what ueo will tho reading I- : of that will ho to ,me, unless ' \- Jle.did not finish the Buntenoe, hut as , he glanced at his features ia the glass in front of him he was scarcely surprised to \- notice that they had heoome livid. Whsn Sir Louis Dunravea's will was proved would not serious complications, and serious struggles ariBe for whioh none of those interested were now prepared. ; ; V . - CHAPTER VI. ; An TLvtowaku Meeting. . , .' You surely/do not think that I am;'- going to sit in idleness with a bit of ;\fhite sewiiig in my lap, : and look out 6f; jthe window.' No, no, Mrs. Ellis; you do not: , know me, if yoU ' can believe it possible.' ' . I ' ' Well, lass, you" are right to work. 'Youare young and quite strong. But what ate; you thinking of doing ? Shall .you go to BBrviee ? The bairn'will be a drawback,, unless you eon sent to leave ihor with me.' ' '. :' Nothing will induce me to be parted from my qhildj his ohild,' and the hot colour rose into Lisbeth Glendinning's faoei as ho mado this assertion so posi tively that the elder woman, who had befriended' her since she left Colesliillj knew that it was useless to contradiot her. Mrs. Ellis was a kind old lady, hut very poor. The moderate sum Lisbeth had paid during the short time she had been with hpr had been a perfect fortune ' to Mrs, Ellis, and she by no means smiled on the idea of losing her lodger. If only she would leave the ohild, of whom Mrs. . Ellis wasvvery fond, she thought it would be an advantage. But Lisbeth was right when she said they did not know her, who thought it likely she would evar allow herself to be parted willingly from little Lisa. . Lisbeth had told Mrs. Ellis that her husband was dead; the good woman, though she scarcely belonged to the clever, squadron, did. not, however, quite credit ; the tale, hut she never for a moment associated Clement Dunraven with the . evil fortunes that had come to Lisbeth, and that was all that mattered to Lisbeth in her thorough unselfishness. Yet Mrs. Ellis was a Colesbill woman, and had read out loud to Lisbeth, from end to end, the nowspaper that had.been sent to her containing the account of the mar riage of Sir Louis Duuraven's nephew with Lady Gertrude Versehoyle. It was a terrible trial to Lisbeth to hear so muoh of the gay doings in con nection with this marriage, whioh was the misery of her life, hut she would not have saved herself one single detail, even if eho could have done so without awakening Mrs. Ellis's suspicions. Mrs. Ellis, who was an elderly widow, lived in a small house which sho rented in a street out of the City road, and she let it off in single roomB to working peoplo. It was the only place Lisbeth could think of when, after Josh Glendinning's death, she considered it neoessary to leave Colesbill, and she did not altogether regret it. Mrs. Ellis had been good and faithful to her, in so muoh that she had kept a promiso made at the beginning, and had not divulged the seoret of Lisbeth's whereabouts to any of her ColeBhill ac quaintances. But Lisbeth felt that the time bad como when she must Bever all eonneotions with this old inhabitant of Colesbill, if she did not wish any portion of the real truth to leak out. It had boon vory difficult to communi cate the fact of Lisa's birth to Oloment, and it bad only beon done by writing to him at an addresB he had given her in London, under the name of Mrs. Ellis, and from thenoo a trusty agent had for warded the letter to him unopened. This they both considered a risky pro ceeding, but nothing else suggested itself, and they agreed that it must never be repeated. In order to have freer communication with Clement and at the same time to begin the earning of an honest livelihood, Lisbeth dooided that tho moment had come for her to leave Mrs. Ellis's hos pitable shelter. Clement had told her it was unneces sary for her to work, but Lisbeth came of a class of people who had ever been acoustomed to hard work, and to he idle would he to forego a better part of her existence. She would not refuse bis help, how ever, and in the last of the oocasionol letters she wrote iiiin she had asked him to let her have a small sum of money so that she might take a little business, and thus make a respectable home for herself and Lisa. She had beon twioe to a stationer's shop at the west end, where for the modeBt sum of one penny letters oun be loft till called for. But no letter bad as yet come from Clement, and Lisbeth was heooming anxious. Surely he was his own master now Sir Louis was dead. There could be no difficulty in giving her the fifty pounds sho wanted and whioh Bhe considered sho had a right to— a right far exceeding that of the intruding Lady Gertrude. To read in the. Coleehill paper of Sir Louis's Budden death had been a far greater trial to poor Lisbeth than even tho account of the wedding, since, in her ignorance, she fancied that if it had ooourred sooner she would have been Clement's acknowledged wife, and never called upon to inake that'awful promise of seorooy. \ She had been very irritable for the last few days owing to the non-arrival of Clement's letter, and Mrs. EIIib's ad vice about service and leaving the ohild drove hor nearly crazy.. She felt that if she did hot soon get away from that good well-meaning old idiot Bhe should commit some rash act. But she could do nothing without money, and her stook had'ebbed vfcry low. It was a drizzling, murky London day. Sho would hot take the ohild out, lest she might catch cold, but go once more to the West End stationer's she must— surely Clement would hove written by this time. And regardless of Mm- Ellis's asser tions that it was not weather to turn a dog out, Lisbeth put on her hat and a big oloak and started off. i It was a very common ocourrenee for peoplo to turn round in the street and' gqze at her. So beautifully chiselled were hor features, so lovely was her face, that even palled Londoners were startled and stopped to admire, ', Lisboth, however, took no notice. She had grown somewhat aooubtomed to their -observations, and they troubled her not. Sho walked on very swiftly, and nt last got into na omnibus, There sho was more remarked than ever, but she was thinking of Clemont and tlio future that lay before hor and her ohild, and did not eveu see tho people by whom Bhe was surrounded. ' Arrived at Oxford circus she got out and iu a very fow minutes reaohed her destination. A bundle of letters was produced and looked through with ft leisurely slowness whioh increased Lisboth's irapatienoe. .TO.BB.CONIINUIil) TO'XOBBOW. i/.; 