NoTWrIT sTANDING the great advance muent the world': has made during' the past century in the arts and sciences, and the great breadth-of thought that has resulted from the increased know ledge of the people of all elasmes thtrough the=: many" facilities now engaged in evety civilized country .for obtaining knowledge, . we find .that in: some respects we have many .men .of even high attainments that- are. willing to ignore the teachings of. science.. and who' cling to the superstitions of the past so tenaciously as to lead more'. matter of fact people, to. beiteve that the seed of disease must have found root in an otherwise well ordered brain. We can wel!'understanc the man .who is totally utiacqaintid with .any of natures laws being frequently perplexed with natural phenomena. Much a man too. might be forgiven even though -he be pitied when with all seriousness. he unfolds a tale of a hunted house where the- ghosts of the long since departed appear to glide through' the ancient corridors and. a- piece of paper flapped against a wall by.the wind through a broken window pane..furnishba his susceptible nature' with conclusive evidence that the noise thus made is by some one who has retuirned to earth in spirit form to await an opportunity to avenge a.wrong' or to torment those with: whom some disagreement had previously taken place. It is almiost incredible that there are. men in the present' day. who having attained to some of the most learned professors, are led to. accept the teachings of .resigning peoplc, who. find dealing in apooks and such absurdities more profitable than soiling their hands at the more useful calling which . the healthy and philantrophic iihlabitarit of the earth deems a duty and in which he finds a genuine pleasure. There is soniething so ridienlous in . a number of.people sitting round- in a semicircle awaiting the appearance of a spirit, and -who when- t1e medium nLas,?o worked on their superstitious. niture, that they are incapable. for disbelieving anything that they are told- by her, enter into conversation with amixterial being, whom in their.state of temporary insanity they believe is'the spirit of some one-whoi has been called up by the medium for' the' purpose of -answering aniy questions that may be put to it by those' in the bcircle.. _Tjte. fact that the spirit srands'fortih dressed in the fashions of- the day with lace -cblars and ostrich feather head gear dnes not matter one jot. They are told that such furnishings are no more material than the- beine whose naked ness the clothing is designed to: hide. The being, plaid sh;awl patent leathar. shoes and head `gear, is all in spl;irit form. Spirits do not like light and on nii account must a candle. be lighted, and if by chance any person become soeptical and endeavour to solve- the matter by taking hld of the spirit, the mediuni is fully alive to the -occasion and invents some explanation that is willingly swallowed hy the. mnisguided and superstitious follower that asso ciate with her in keeping up ithe silly exhibition, which works -incalculable miseliief among a number..of young people whose minds are .uselitible of anything flavoring of the :mysterious. The diec.losures made in Sydtney a few days ago and about - which several amusing accounuts hae been published, should be sufficient, to show most people the amwucnt of-nonsense that is practised in such matters. It will become the du .% of. the legislative before many ye.'ears to deal with i.mtosters of 't clalss of clairvoje.nt3 ' :· " , .,",.,, '.,: and the upirit rapping - fraternity; wlhieli is an evil: as greatly to be d@plored as diangeroiis ns many of the worst vices to the young people of the colony. 