A COUNTRY SWEETHEART By DORA RUSSELL. Author of “ Hidden Chain,” “ Footprints in the Snow,” “ The Broken Seal,” “ The Track of the Storm,” “ The Vicar’e Gover ness,” “The Last Signal,” “ Hie Will and Here,” &c.; CHAPTER XXXIV. (Continued.) She tried to shake herself free of th.e feathers, but with many still clinging to her hair and dress she finally descended, by no means in a good humor. Mrs Temple was standing looking out of the window as she entered the room, and site gave rather a hard laugh when sire saw her mother’s extraordi nary appearance. ‘ Whatever have you been doing ?’ she taid; ‘l’ve been dressing my feathers, my dear, 1 replied Mrs Layton, ‘my half-yearly dress ing, you know; and I don’t believe, Rachel, that your cook or your scullery maid have sent me half what they should.’ Mrs Temple slightly shrugged her hand some shoulders. ‘We’ve had a wedding in tke family,’ she said scornfully, ‘ and I’ve come to tell you the news.’ ‘A wedding?’ repeated Mrs Layton, blankly. 'Yes, my nephew John Temple has entered the distinguished family of Churchill,’ con tinued Mrs Temple, yet more scornfully. ‘Nicefor ns all, isn’t it?' ‘lt can’t be true?’ gasped Mrs Layton. ‘Perfectly true, I assure you! The re spected head of the family has jußt been to the Hall to tell Philip, and he brought a copy of the register of the marriage, and everything is all correct. My beloved nephew, itßeems, was secretly married when he went away in the autum, he said to Paris. No doubt he did go to Paris, but it wbb with his higly-horn bride !’ ‘ Welt, whatever is the world coming to !’ cried Mrs Layton, with uplifted hands. ‘ It will bs destroyed—no doubt the end is coming—such monstrous things occur ! To think that this girl; a girl I’ve bought eggs of; a girl whose character I consider to be far from what it oueht to be. should make such a match ! But I warned you, Rachel, against John Temple; a Bnabe in the grasß I considered him; but I never thought he would be snch a fool as this.’ 'I think he must be more a fool than a snake,’ answered Mrs Temple, contemp tuously. ‘Fancy marrying a girl like this ! And Phillip says we must make the beet of it, which I suppnse means inviting the bride and bridegroom to stay at the Hall. How ever, we shall see. But, good morning now, mother; I’n leave you to digest my news.’ And with a little nod Mrs Temple turned away and left the house, while Mrs Layton stood absolutely speechless with disgust. But both Mr Churchill’s elation and Mrs Temple’s indignation cooled down during the next few weeks. For to the great surprise and disappointment of Mr Churchill, nothing was heard at YYoodsicfe either from John Temple or his supposed bride. Each morn ing Mr Churchill said he could not under stand it when the letters came in and there was none from May; and Mrs Churchill— though with caution—began again to in sinnate that she feared it waa not all right. the Squire himself, just a week after “lr Churchill’s visit to the Hall to announoe he marriage, walked one morning over to noodsida to aßk Mr Churchill the where i nr t * le '’vide and bridegroom. Well, Squire, it’s the strangest thing, not we have not had a word from them,’ ooawered Mr Churchill, somewhat discon certed. ‘lt is certainly very ptrnnge,’ said the slowly. Can’t understand it, because I told .the anies—the Miss Wpbsters —that she had een staying with, and who saw her married 0 “lr John Temple, that you had been kind enough to say you would receive her us his Wife.’ p,' Which I certainly shall do. Well, Mr bhurchill, why not write to these ladies and ask if they know their address 1 They probably do.’ ' I never thought of that, sir; but I’ll write 0 them this very day. Thank you very much for thinking of it, Squire.’ , ~jid Mr Churchill accordingly did write o Miss Webster, and after apologising for rnubling her, told her that he was getting anxious at not hearing from his daughter, and asked her to be good enough to give im Mrs John Temple’s address if she knew L' .And he added, ‘ Mr John Temple, the oquire of Woodlea, was here this morning, a , will be glad also to hoar from his nephew.’ An answer to this letter was most nxiously expected at Woodside, and after W «°r\ a^9 on ° came which was as follows : Dear Sir, —I nm sorry I cannot give you mformation you require regarding the dress of Mr and Mrs John Temple, as wo ave heard nothing from them since the day John Temple arrived here and took your Slighter away for a proposed short visit to the se aside. But the same day that you called aD “ told na Mr Temple, of Woodlea Hall, , ? he glad to receive the young people, I t it was my pleasing duty to write a few v ?? a to Mr John Temple to tell him of your ■Bit, aud also of his uncle’s sanction to his v arr,a gß. I sent this letter to the Gros enor hotel, where he sometimes stays while ® is in town, but I have received no reply, ncl therefore we—my Bister and myself— °My conclude that Mr and Mrs John cinple must have gone abroad and have not Reived my letter. i Trusting, however, that you Iwill soon ear from them, I remain, ‘ Yours sincerely, ‘ Margaret Webster.’ *t» no doubt they are abroad,’ »J, "* r Churchill, after he had read Miss ‘ nf^ er S * etter * handing it to his wife. Of course, they may be,’ replied bis wife. But Mr Churchill was quite sure that , wcre > ead took over Miss Webster’s ® r to show it to the Squire. But the d?ri si? thought it very strange, and so of it* em P* e w hen her husband toldi her There is something to hide. John Temple is keeping something back,’ ehe said. And she thought again and again. ‘ What can it be ?’ CHAPTER XXXV. Kathleen* Weik’s Ghost. And during this time also, Miss Kathleen Weir had felt very much disappointed that she had neither seen nor heard anything of Mr Ralph Webster, That is, she only re ceived two brief notes from him, both de cliuing her invitations to ‘ a merry supper after tho play to meet Linda Falconer, as you admired her so much—and her swain, Dereham.’ But Webster, with ■ the ever-present memory of that despairiug face on the bridge, and the constant anxiety for the unhappy girl lying in St. Phillip’s Hospital, nigh unto death, had felt it was impossible for him to encounter the gay and lively sallies of the actresß. Not that he had lost interest in the woman who stood between poor May and happiness; but his mind was too much out of tune to go into such vivacious company, and he therefore had refused Mißs Weir’s invitations. But nearly three weeks after he had taken May Churchill to St Phillips, a change came over her condition. Her physical health de cidedly improved, and one morning when Dr Brentwood was paying his usual visit to her, she spoke to him of her future life. ‘ I am going to live now, Doctor, am I not?’ Bhe said in a low pained tone. .. ‘Certainly you are going to live,’ replied the doctor, ‘ I hope for many years; until you are quite old,’ and he smiled. ‘ That will be a long time,’ said May, with a weary Bigh; ‘I am not much past 20 now— a long, long time.’ ‘lt seems long to look forward to, but time passes quickly enough, especially when it is fully employed. ‘lt iB about this that I meant to speak to you of, Doctor,’ continued May, and a faint color stole to her pale checks. ‘lf I am going to live I must do something to gain my own living; I must find some employ ment.’ ‘Everyone is better employed,’answered the Doctor, cheerfully; 1 it's good for mind aud body alike. Now what do you think you would like to do?’ ‘Since I have felt a little better I have thought of this constantly. I—l should like to see Mr Webster about it, as he might be able to help me.’ ‘I am sure he will do anything to help you; he iB your sincere friend, and has been most anxious about you during your illness, and has called each morning to enquire for you. Therefore you may depend on his assistance, I am certain, and I may add on mine.’ ‘ You are very good— ’ ‘ And now I am going to ask you a question which is not a medical one,’ interrupted the Doctor, ‘ and therefore you need not answer it unless you like. But have you no friends, no ridntions, to whom you can now apply ?’ ‘ None,’ answered May, with sudden emotion; ‘ I wish to be as one dead to every one I know—they must think me dead, and I would have been, but for—’ ‘ Forgive me for having pained you, and I will promise never again to allude t.n the subject. So you would like to see Ralph Webster? Well, you shall see him to morrow, and I am truly glad to find you so much better.’ And then he smiled kindly aud went away. He felt interested in this forlorn and broken-hearted young woman, who he was sure his friend Webster had saved from some tragic fate; and not the lees interested on account of May’s fair face. He therefore wrote to Webster during the day, and told him of the improvement in May’s health, and also of her wish to fiod some employ ment. ‘ Don’t throw cold water on this, my dear fellow,’ he added; ‘ it will ho the very beat thing possible for her, and will give her an interest in life which she has well-nigh lost. Can you call to-morrow afternoon ?' And so forth. Dr Brentwood’s letter wna a great relief to Webater’s mind, and he received another by the same post from Miss Kathleen Weir. Thin was a highly characteristic epistle. ‘D j ar Mr Webster, —For the third and last time, unless you comp, will you take supiper with me this evening; or if it suits you better will you call in the afternoon? Wire which.—Yours ever sincerely, Kath leen Weir.’ Webster read this note with a smile; thought it over, and then decided to call during the afternoon, and he accordingly telegraphed to Miss Kathleen Weir to that effeot. And as he drove to the actress's flat, he was wondering if she had any news to tell him, and he found that Bhe had Borne. She received him in her usual airy fashion, and she was charmingly dressed in a most becoming tea-gown. ‘ Well, you have come at last?' she said, holding out her hand, aB Webster entered her drawing-room. ‘Ye",’ he answered, taking it, ‘and I should have come befnre, but I havo been a good deal worried of late.’ ‘About money or lovo?’ ‘ About neither, as it happens.’ ‘I thought there were only two things worried men, and the want of money was the worst. Well, wo must all have it; but I have been more than worried—l have been upßet; I have eeeu a ghost!’ ‘ A ghost?’ ‘Yes; the ghost of a dead love! There, can you gueßS what I mean ? Well, I sup pose not, so I must tell you. But I have really been shocked; I have seen John Temple in the flesh, thoagh looking so awfully ill, that ho was much more like a dead man than a living one.’ • Where did you see him?' asked Webster, quickly. ‘I will tell you; yesterday morning I drove down to see Mr Harrison, the so licitor, as I wanted to be quite certain whether John Temple is the man who has come iSito the fortune, as Dereham wan so positive that he was. Well, you know Har rison’s offices are at Westminster, and I saw the old boy sure enough, but he was an sly as a fox! He did not deny that John Temple was the man “ that ultimately, mind ultimately, my dear madam,” he kept repeating, would succeed to his- uncle’s estate, or estates. “ But his position at present is unchanged,” he added, aud he threw ice on my suggestion that I should have an increased allowance. “ When Mr John Temple succeeds to the property the questions can then be mooted,” and so on. In fact I got no satisfaction for my trouble, and when I came out of the office in a very bad humor I told the cabman to drive over Westminster Bridge and back again, as I thought the river air might improve my temper.’ ‘And you went?’ asked Webster, eagerly. ‘ I went; I wbb in a hansom, and when we got to tho other end of the bridge I told the man to turn back. He did so, and there was a block as we re-crossed, and I was bending out of the cab to see what was going to happeu, when my eyes fell on the figure of a man leaning on the parapet of the bridge, and staring into the river below. As I was looking at him, he lifted his head and looked round, and I saw a ghost! The ghost of John Temple ! But, oh, so horribly changed. He looked boggard, worn, and old, and a sort of pity—suoh fools are women—crept into my heart an I looked at him. I felt sorry for him; I thought he must be in some terrible trouble, aod so I felt I should like to speak to bim. I pulled out my handker chief and waved it to attract attention, and someone told him of this, for he looked quickly up at the cab, and our eyes met. I wish you had seen the look of horror that came over his face, of shuddering horror, ns he recognised me. It was hatred ! He glared at me just for a moment, and then turned and fled as if the devil himself were after him. There, what do you think of that ? The end of a dead love !’ 'I think it is very dramatic,’said Ralph Webster, slowly. He forced himself to speak the common-place words, but he was not thinking common-plßce thoughts. ‘ Now, there was something in this man’s face,’ went on the actress, ‘ that told me a story. John Temple is grieving about some thing that has cut his heart strings. It can’t be money in his case, because for one thing he never cared very much about it, and for another he will ultimately, as Mr Harrison described it, succeed to his uncle’n property, and with suoh prospects he could ; borrow as much as he liked,.l suppose. No, it is about some woman ! He was looking down into the dusky river when I first 8»w him; can he have driven some poor soul to seek for refuge in its gloomy depths?’ Ralph Webster inwardly shuddered, but Kathleen Weir little thought how nearly she had touched the troth. ‘ He is miserable about some woman,’ she repeated, ‘ and that !b why I have sent for you to-day. I am iu the way, I suppose, and I don’t want to be in the way any longer. I want to be free, and, of course, he does. Now, how can I find out about his life, for, if I could find out, I expect I could go tiinmphantly through the ordeal of the Divorce Court ?’ Webster was silent for a few moments; he was thinking the knowledge of John Temple’s second marriage would not free him from his first. It would bring disgrace to him, but not liberty to her. * You would have to show a case against him besides this supposed woman,’ he said, slowly. ‘ Did he ever treat you cruelly ? ’ ‘ You mean, did he ever punch my head or pull my hair ?’ answered Kathleen, with a hard little laugh. ‘ No, I cannot truth fully say he ever did; but I might say it un truthfully, and he would he lou glad to get rid of me to contradict me.’ ‘ But it would be very dangerous; you would have to prove it.’ 1 At all events he forsook me ?’ ‘I thought you parted by mutual con sent ?’ ‘How horrid you are, Mr Webster! At all eventß I mean to get quit of him. lam weary of a tie which is no tie; of a bond which galls me, and I would do anything, even something desperate, to break it.’ She started to her feet, and began walking I up-and down the room, as she-spoke, . sway ing her tall, fine figure with a restless move ment as she did so. She was looking very handsome; her excitemeut had flushed her face and brightened her bright eyes, and involuntarily Webster admired her. ‘There!’ she said presently, ‘now I have told you my news, so please ronße your sharp legal brains to help me. I don’t mind about the three hundred a year now, nr the ultimate reversion of some bigger sum. I want to be free! I don’t want John Temple to out his own throat or mine—and upon my word he looked as if he could do it—but I want to scrape out of my marriage some other way.’ ‘ Well, let me have time to think it over.’ ‘ Thanks, and now let us drop a disagree able subject, and tell me what you have been doing with yourself all this long time? You look thinner; and you say you have been worried?’ ‘ Yes, we all have worries and troubles you know, Miss Weir.’ ‘ That is true; but still I think life might be bright, might be sweet and worth living for.’ ‘ I am sure yourß is.’ ‘Oh? don’t pay me those common-place compliments; I don’t want to hear them from you.’ ‘ You despise my best efforts to be agree able.’ ‘ What a disagreeable humor you are in ! I declare I think I shall send you away.’ ‘ Well, must I go ?’ said Webster, rising with a smile. ‘Not yet, unless you will promise to come again verv soon. Come to supper to meet Linda Falconer and Derelmm the day after to- morrow.’ ‘I will see if I can, if you will allow the invitation to remain open. By the by, how is that affair progressing?’ ‘ Oh, swimmingly, I believe, but Linda is fearfully bored with him. ‘My dear,’ she said to me the other day, ‘ he is too silly.’ ‘Poor boy 1’ ‘ Poor boy indeed ! However, that is Bettled, and you will come the day after to morrow to Rupper ? In the meantime you know don’t forget my ghost, and his pro bable misdoings.’ 1 Very well,’ said Webster with a Hugh. Then Ive took leave of the actress, and Kath leen Weir was nlone. As she had done once before after he had left her, she immediately went up to one of the mirrors in the room and gazed at her own reflection in the glass. ‘Am Iso weak?’ she thought. ‘D> I actually like this man, perhaps better than he likes me ? But if I were free I think he would like me —I munt he free.’ (To be continued.) 