IHE CHIISOBES AHD THE . BUSSES,' . " f (BEEKAH.) . 1- ., :jBeiig opsn-eiyed,.. as my -name indicates, I WatexaRy read tbe' lesdihg orlfele appearing Tin thi e jSjwcfdter of 'Thursday last and wifeoufc 'agreeing With" all thecondniions reached by tbs writeTt T tbboght it contained suggestions well wrttbyoftbe attentlou of the dargy: Judmn, however, from bis remark at the .welpqme given 'to GsannTucker in fee. evening of the same day, it is evident that the article in question was not to the mind of ihe Bishop of Ballarat. This 4s not so much to be wondered at ftboe itis further evident tbat Dr. Thoctiton mis-read the article and pat Into it abnariflng .that was. never intended. The Spectator, as I undetstand it, iterated 'fee supposed complaint of, nonoharoh-goers <thst the usual churfe ner- , vices xrere not to feelr taste; but tbe Bishop ipoke aiiffee Frets made out t% that minlBters of religion were boust'ant1y:',cua)plidmsg d? the increasing abBenteeism,«siM3daIly of men from pablio worship," etc.- Having :£pven -another credit for the manufacture cf this host which he himself raised. Dr. Thornton went on to show that ft was really a ghost/ , inasmuch -as four Anglican churches in Bttl&rat; Mad been enlarged Auiing bis nineteen -years residence there, and that the country aynagogues wvre weU attended tbroughont big dioeee«. Well nowleaviugfeeworfey Bishop to settle his dis pute with (he Press, and all Anglicans to rejoice In the marvellous success which has Attended his ecclesiastical administration as indicated above ; and going farther and admitting sng that'fee advancement of other denomina- tions has been equal to feat of fee Uburch of England, does not the 'fact remain that the m«s«es of .-fee .people -ara -unreaobed by the religious organisations ? Take Hamilton as en example— and - 1 have no doubt that onr per centage of ehurch-goera compares favour ably with, other places— how often do .-we find say more than a thousand persons present at all. the churches pat together out -of a population of between ' three or four thou sands ? Tbe clergy may repudiate tbe idea of any ' complaint coming from them, and may even boast of the excellent Attendances with which they are favoured, but it is worse than folly to ignore 'fee obvious 'fact feat the bulk of the people do not attend fee churches, and apparently have no inclination to do so. Now coming to .fee reasons for this, no doubt opioions will widely differ, but ft is manifestly unfair to attribute all the blame to tbe uh- fortunate clergymeo. To them, of course, must be apportioned a share of the responsibility, but it is not right to make them the soapegoats on whom to load all the fault. Clergymen In my ©pinion have erred in several directions. L. They bave been ton recluse io their manner of life. By. clothing themselves in prieatiy . garbs, by felling to miogle wife men of fee . world in tbe affairs of e very-day life, and fay re- : fusing 'to share with th«m in fee innocent amusements of the day, they have produced the impression that tbey Are interested in nothing : except feoee things which are connected wife fee function they exercise. Speaking gener ally, men fed that a great gulf is fixed between them and the clexgymen of the day, and that they cannot cross it for fear of being repulsed. Not that they would be repulsed, of course, but still men have that feeling, and until it is re moved tbey will be inclined to shun the precise ecclesiastic. The great complaint of the Pbari- eeea was tbat Jesus Christ mingled too freely with Publican and nnoen, but what seemed to them a fault was in reality one of the most attractive features of His Mission. There waa no Gtand-off-ishness about Jesus. He did not gather up fee skirt of Hie garments as fhoneh it would be a pollution for them to touch fee poor, tbe einfnl and fee outcast. Though He knew it would firing npon Him the disapproval of a certain dare. He nevertheless asBOOifeed Himself with all sorts of people, that He might the more thoroughly know and fee mo e effectu ally teach and win them. There is no surer way to the heart of men than through tbe avenue featris -opened by "friendliness. When clergymen unbend a little and show themselves one wife fee people, at last one of fee harriers to church attendance will be removed. 2\. They, have been too one-sided in rheir teaching. At -least this intra i tniok so rar as the Protestant pulpits are concerned. In tbe rebound from the opposite extreme ministers havp gone on emphasising tbe objective tide of Biblical truth until its subjective aspect is well nigh lost tight of. So long have we sung in our ohurohes — Weary, working, plodding one, Wherefore toil you so 7 Cease your doing; all was done Dong, long ago. that even those who profess Christianity have come to imagine that nothing mora is required than tbe indulgence of a little religious senti ment— a sort of tacit inactive menial assent to certain dogmas— and feat fepy then can ait by the fireside and "ring th ir happy souls away to realms of endless day," just as effectually as they can find tbeir war to heaven by tbe stern and rugged pith of doty. After tbe Pauline Gospel of "Justification by faith," comes the warning of James that " faith without works is dead." A true sense of duty on tbe port of those who nominally profe« tbe Christian religion would goa long way toward making ou present church accommodation too limited.. It will be at the cost of losing popularity with some, but let clergymen begio to more earnestly and persistently emphasise fee practical doctrines of tbe Bible and tbey will topi see the effect on tbeir congregations in more ways than one. 3\. They bw been too stereotyped in their methods While it most never be forgotten that fee message tbey bave to proclaim is an uochanging xneesng, it does oot follow there from that the. manner of presenting it must neoessariiy b -fee vomC from generation to generation. People bave been eating b«ef from time immemorial,- and tbey are not tired of it yet, hot they would have been long ago if it had always fieep served up to them io precisely the some fashion. So in regard to religion j it is hot the Gospel that people don't like, but fee monotonous way In which it is presented. Other teachers have kept pace wife modern improve ments, availing themselves of aU fee new methods and : accessory help' that have been born of the march of time, and fee result is that scholastic institutions were never more attrac tive 4n feemselvea or effectual' in feelr work than now. But the motto of the pulpit seems to be — " As it ws in the beginning, ii now, and ever shall bB world without end. Before he leaves home the intending wor-hipper knows about as much as -.when . he returns, for tbe whole ritual of the 'service is worn and thread bare. All this may be «ud is overlooked by many of those whose one objeet is to worship the Supreme ; but.it is cot so with those who have to be attracted to worship. For them something must be provided to awaken interest, stir the emotions and quicken' fee ioteDsct.. It ie through these avenues feat fee real -man Is reaohed ; but so doll, formal and unattractive are the ordinary church services feat outriders feel feere is nothing in them that they can enjoy and so tbey stay away. The sooner this state of things is. amended, fee sooner will be hushed the -complaints that bave been so load and so long. r .fint as J said before, it would -be unfair fe cast oil the blame on clergymen. The pew in many instances is just as stereotyped, and even more po'tbisn the pulpit. The mouth of the ox feattareadeib dut the corn is muzzled. So ac customed to be along a certain well-worn trade are some, feat tbey will journey by ho; other way, .and -shouhl ' fee minister diverge ever so little, fepy are ready, to call down fire from- Heaven upon his hted. ' Tbeyare ao per fectly satisfied wife fee old radomont&de; feat ofeere may perish it tbey do not care to listen to' ft. ' But'eomr, I have" scarcely toudhed fee seat of fee mischief The real hindrance to non-ohnrohgocm identifying feew6lves.;vitfa religion' is' to' be found, t think,' 'ixi "the lack of — of its powerand sweetens in fee lives, of maay-of .Chore who alreadymsfie a profession of it. , If a man be a real Christian, and not a mere hollow professor, will 'show by the attention he pay to re ligion 7that ft 06 to "him > Hung til paramount importu.ee. But is tt ro with any conBduoble number of dmnh memhent Go to1 aoy place of worship ou a vet Sunday, montin, acd you will find it enoce tbxnlixlf empty ; trat do -tbese so-called Obriitiaax 4tay away from business ifitLappens to rain xm Monday! Tbey profess to believe that the everlasting salvation of tbe psoe., depends on its sooeptsnoe of theGospoL but. ore tbeir efforts ,<p spread the Gospel eon.-, sSrterft with |Buch.s belief?, Howlev manifest ssy'ialmiittf. for .tbe welfare "of others eo oiig1M ibeirowhlnteresis'»re<servedt "But my reader Al ready fo ait what has nil tins' to'do with folk oot attending oburuh.' "I nnswer mnohV.'iu -evBry Wsyl 'This - want 'of correspondence ' ill' --< utusiir lifo with the loud profesaioa that is made, . Las w»k<xifd acepliail- thought. m.the:eidnds.of outsiders, and they hue aome to frsrd tlrs whole fliiflg, as amottoy pqd njnhan' When .preaches oome ./downs from feero stilts and adapt Hhefutolvei to fee ' mantel and moral ;witbl>H«lmppAaddfImrtsnee< W>Hefr Chrirti.nttyi tfaewtteutlou of .thoisnsiBosowill ;toirresM,'Si wai be«eoerst«d1n bnman 'hesrtsiaadfchnnes .win befflfod' wiflrSrort jwmAippera. \ .'y. ,.ss,.- /„„! .1 IV . Mudi has been aaid|p ithe.PrtSs Jpfrthfae- tuaritshle eaooos. jwhidts, attending the mission SfSgSmseest- ;dyvyrtit,i4nd«e they seem fo be or what liey amjmeoted I-ven- jsnd lws little of tfae paopteitaoSft 4BU tfiny.JyitBdgS will he offimaed end charge him With being per- eonal, but to endeavour eo ape John M Neill would hring ruin jipon ordinary pastors. Mr. M'Neill has evidently studied human nature, and found oaitth'e ait df attrsuiing and moving large andisnoea, buttu nevertheless worts on lines that the Creator hu mtde natural to Lim It is only nowand then and here and there that a man of bis stamp is raised up, and it is.- well that it is eo, for were all men liks bim, bis" Btyle would soon lose its charm, for them would be no novelty shout it. To -be sucoessful, ministers in my hnmble judgment, must acquaint them selves with human nature in its various phases, and avail themselves of every means to make their wort more attractive- and effective, but they must never be other than themselves. It is Ihe adaptation of themselves to the times, the different mental capacities and moods and the varied tastes of the people that is so lankinc in the pnlpit to-day. . Let ministers torn over a new leaf In this respeet, and let their present congregations assist them by the consistency of their lives, the earnestness of their a -si and the nobleness of their example, the churches will then became a centripetal instead- of a centri fugal power in theiaud, and will be muoh better both for themselves tad tbe messes they will attract to themBelre. 