LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS The Nonnan-LoffiB Dramatic Company con tinued thoir Toowoomba season in tho Royal Assembly Rooms oa Tuesday evening, when thoy performed "Tho Black Flog, or Falsely Accused." The whole 0( the characters in this Bousational and romantic nlov wcro oxenllnntiv , sustained. Tho parts " Harold Meroditli" ( (Mr. Albert Norman) and 44 Glady's Leigh " (Miss , Blanche Lewis) woro particularly well pourtrayod and loft nothing to bo doBirod. At tho con! elusion of each act louds calls woro mado for tho various actors. Mr. J. A. King, tho villian of tho piece, received a storm of groans and hisses on his appearance before tho curtain. In the performance of "The Black FJsg," this com pany havo acquired a reputation in Toowoomba that stamps them as ono of tlio best all round companies that have visited this town. Perhaps the finest performance of tho orcning was tho act ing of littlo Ivy Scott. In tho sccno at tho death of 44 Tom," tho waif, elm was excellent. Daring tho performance Ivy ScoU sang sovcral songs, for which she was loudly cocorod. Lost night tho company performed 44 Storm and Sunshine," and again sustained their reputation. To-night a benefit will bo tendered to the Firo Brigade when wo hope to soo a crowded house. Tho company will play "Fun on tho Bristol." Wo regret that thoy havo not boen accordod hotter bouses, Wo may mention that to-night thoro will bo a torch light procession of tho Firo Brigado through thn streets. Thoy will start from tho Firo Brigado station at 7 p.m., and will bo headed by Krclcbmar's brass band. Tnr. now Stomp Aot comes into operation to day. As it makoa important changes iu tho present law, tho Attornoy-Gnnoral has had an oxptanatory manual proparcd. Instructions havo boon given to distant offlcos that discretion is to bo oxorcisod as largely ns possiblo in rospoct tc ponaltios until tho publio havo had timo to becomo conversant with tho provisions of tho Act. Tho Chiof Commissioner points out that local bodies havo boon in tho habit of putting their seal to contracts for tho purposo of avoiding tho doty on contracts or agreements under hand. If this practice is continued such bodies will under tlio new Act bo liablo to pay tho duty oi 10s. providod for in thoachcdulo under tlio head 14 Deed of any kind whatsoever not described in tills schedule." If, howovor, local bodies com plete thoir contracts under hand only, thoy will then havn to pay duty to tho amount of 2s. fid. It is oxpoctcd that tho considcrablo loss of rovenuo that will follow tho redaction in tho duty on mortgages will bo mado up in" otbor ways, and by tho iraprovomnnts io tho adminis tration machinery. A largo incrcaso in tho amount of inauranco business dono in Queens land is looked for as a roiult of tho dccroaeo in tho duty on marinu policies. Between tbo year 18S2 and 1892 tho quantity of jam exported from Tasmsuia decreased from 4,309,311 lb. to 490,702 lb.— a fall of 3.871,559 lb, Meanwhile, tho local consumption incroaacd from 87,010 lb. to 3-12,912 lb., a risa of 255,302 lb. On our front pago this morning will bo found tno Aoonoomoa Arrofosaioiial anil easiness Directory for iuclusion in which a nominal ohargc is mado to busintma peoplo desirous of having their namos inserted. It was decided by tho membora present at tho practice on Tuosday last to invito their friends to an ovoning with tho Choral Society on Tuesday, 13th instant. A sub-committee was appointed to arrango tho details for ontor- tnenfc of tho guests, and report to tho members on Tuesday next. With a view of encouraging tbo frozon meat export trado tho Customs Dopartmont of Vio- toria in levying the stock tax allows remissions of duty in tho caso of Hhccp imported for freezing. Last week 3500 sheep were imported into tho colony doty frco from Now South Wales for freezing. An intimation has keen received by tho Pre mier of Vfotoria from tho Military Department of tho Indian Government that 1-1G-1 remounts will bo required during 1695-90. Of these 735 aro to bo delivered at Calcutta, 317 at Madras, and 235 at Bombay ; that being tho limit of tho requirements as far as Australian horses aro concerned. Tho avorago prico is fixad at £15. It is understood that a proposal for a reduc tion on tho letter poetago from 2Jd. to 2d. wilt shortly bo cousidored by tho Now South Wales Cabinet. This would placo tho postago to tbo wutwu iMiiguom on mo sarao looting as uiac between tho colonies, aud an effort would no doubt then bo mado to reduce tbo intercolonial poBtago to ono peony. Tho postal authorities aro not likely to viow tlio proposition with favor, ak it would necessarily moan a loss In revenue. The prico of wheat must fall lower than ovor this year owing to tho enormous incrcaso iu tbo output from tho Argontino Ropublic, Tho Buenos Ayres Standard convoys tho startling information that tho export this year from that country will bo doublo that of last year, when 1,000,000 tons of wbeat was shipped. Wheat is changing hands at Rosario at A3 per ton, and ooormouB quantities aroroocbing tho coast from all parts of tho country. On Friday ovoning last Dr.McDonnoll gave a very ablo and interesting address on 44 Tho Brain and Ncrvons System," to tho members of tho Australian Homo Reading Union, fully illustra ting his remarks by moans of proparcd speci mens. To-morrow (Friday) tho English Literature Cirelo will mcot at 8 p.m. in tho 8chool of Arts. Snbjoct, " Tho Princoss." Mombors aro specially requested to attend. Fuom tho roport from tho Toowoomba Asylum for tho wcok ending tho 27th ult. wo loam that ono malo and ono female patlont wero admittod bringing tlio numbers in tho Institution up to 157 males and 109 females; total, 325. Tho Medical Superintendent acknowledges with thanks tho receipt of parcols of illustrated papers from Mr. E. W. Robinson and tho Too woomba Chronicle Oflico for tho nso of tho patients. Repoiith of tbo whost crop in tho district aro (says tho Western Star) of a satisfactory nature, and harvesting is expected to begin In somo caeos next week. Tho season will give a sovoro test for rust, and (armors would do woll to watch thoso varioties which escape it. Ward's Prolific is sgain to tho foro this year, but tho small quan tities of purplo straw planted aro as bad ns last season. Tho yield on tho whole, liowover, !b -w — «»»/ uxu, i«t» uiu upi'uurunce of rust is Into and will not, it is hoped, affect tho harvost to any appreciable extent. A special general meeting of tho recently formed Toowoomba Bnilders' and Contractors' Association was hold on Monday evening last to consider matters re tendering for St. Luke's Church and Toowoomba Swimming Baths. In tho opinion of tho mooting it was considered very unfair to ask contractors to submit tho large number of tenders required, especially in cooncotion with the Church, for which each contractor has alroady submitted six tenders, and thoy aro now asked for fivo additional ones. With regard to tho Swimming Baths contractors are OBked to submit four tenders, and knowing that only ono (if any) will bo accepted it was thought that it would havo been better if tbo Council could havo dooldud on tho design most worthy of tho premium boforo calling for tenders. It wsb unanimously decided that tho Municipal Council and architects bo approaohed with tho view of coming to soino understanding which would ea\o muoli unnecessary work in future. Aeteh a lapso of 33 years wo woro pleased to rccclvo a visit from Mr. Goorgo E. Loyan, one of tho oldest journalists in Australia, his Aral literary efforts commencing on tho Sydney Umpire, whon Mr. (now Sir Honry) Parkcs was editor and proprietor in 1953, and ho was after- wards a voluntary contributor to tho Town and Country Journal and Illustrated Sydney Kmvs. Whilst in South Australia, in which colony Mr. Loyan resided for ten years, ho unforlunatoly suffored a scrioua illness culminating in u paralytic soizuro. A change having boen ad vised by Iub medical attendants and Queensland recommended, Mr. Loyan, who resided in Too- woomba in 1831, resolved to return hero, and he only arrived hero a fow days ago after coinino overland via Molbouro and Sydney. Ilia health, ho considers, is greatly benefitted by tho trip, and as ho has his family with him, ho purposes making a stay hero at least duriug the coming summer. Thoso interested in Australian litora- tur should call on Mr. Loyan, who uot only has manj relics of a bygono day in bis irasBossion, but having bcon contemporary with and inti mately associated with tho Into Charles Harnur. Henry Kendall, Deneboy, W. B. Dalley, and other "leading lights" of tho past is able to give many interesting anocdotos of thom. Too woomba has, ho thicks, improved since his absonco moro than any othor city in tho colonies. Ouu Cawdor correspondent, writing undor yesterday's date, BBygfMattoro in connection with tho district havo bcon quiot of lato, but now that summer is fully advanced our farmors sro busily engaged with tbo soil, and doing all thoy can to prevent tho growth of weeds, which aro showing among tho yonng crops. On ovory hand luxuria.ico is apparont. Wheat, maizo, Income, potatoos, and all othor crops aro docked iu their best coat of greon. Tho outlook ie promising, but tbo prices are not encouraging With tho prospects of a bountifol harvest and . . . . B' onr ,a«nors begin to wonder whether tboir labor will bo repaid in tbo caltiva- tlon of their crops. Tho wheat crop is un- doabtedly the finest over grown about hero- ouo farm in particular, that of Mr. Flatzwald, look- ing mogniflcont, Thoro has boon no sign of rust as yet, and tho grain is riponing fast. Like tho wheat, tho potato crop excels tho growth of previous scasoos, end tho farms of Messrs. Bormaon, Roso, Sticnborg, Trost, and Frank© aro pleasing illustrations of this useful crop. Tho maizo so far looks woll ; but Is. 2d. a bushel is not an inviting prospect for so ranch labor expended in its cultivation. Strawberry growing has boen tried by Mrs. Hunt, and a good return of the luxurious fruit obtainod from a small pleco of laud. Tho sizo and quality of tho berries aro vory good, and ooght to find a ready market.— Oor school children aro anxiously looking forward to tho holidays, and on breaking up day proposo giving a juvenile concert in the schoolroom. Preparations aro now In progress, and a complete and entertain, ing programme may be axpected on tho night of December 14tb, A teleoium from Forbes, dated October 20, statoa that shearing work is prooooding satis factorily in tlmt distriot. At Borrawong, whero thoy aro shoaling undor tho 1891 agroomont, tho clip la coming in fast, Tlio following is a tally of ono woek's work thero s— 817 balos cat, bolng thn highest tally on record thoro. On a Monday C380 threo-year-old wethers woro shorn, on Tuesday C193 ditto, on Wodnosday 3391 ditto and 3102 thruo-yoar-old owos, Thursday G29D four-year-old wethers, Friday GG02 ditto, Satur day 2794 ditto, making a total of 34,357 sheop shorn during the week. Tho throo-year-old wethers woro out out, numbering 20,135, and averaged 91b. 2Joz. of wool each; and tho four- year-old wethers, slnco cat out, numbering 21,432, avoraged 91b. 14oz. About G500 bales of wool havo alroady loft for Forboa station, and It is oxpeoted that 25,000 will bo sent away from hero tbiR soRBon, " Halloween," which ia tho namo popularly givou to tho ovo or vigil of All Hallows or festival of All Saints (1st November), passed off vory quietly in Toowoomba last ovoning. Tho old traditions of Haltowoen are scarcely kopt up in theso Southorn huds, and aro ovon dying out in tho old lands. In England it was long ous- tomary to crack nuts, to duck for apples in a tub of water, and perform othor harmloss firo eido revelries. Whilo the samo thing may bo said of Scotland tlio Ilallowoon ceremonies of that country partook moro of a superstitious charaotor. Soino of tho quaint traditions of Ilallowoon core- monies aro as follows Take a candle and go alono to a looking-glass, eat an applo before it, and comb your hair all tho timo, and tho faou of your conjugal companion to be will bo soou iu the glass peeping ovor your shoulder. Steal out &H; alono to tho kiln, and throw into tho pot a . cluo of bluo yarn, wind it in a new oluo off thoaxS old ono, and towards jho lattor ond somothingr will bold tho thread ; doinand 44 Wha liauda?" An answer will bo roturned from tho kiln-pot naming tho Christian and nnrnamoofyourfuturo epotiBu. Steal out uuporcoived and sow a hand ful of hcmpsccd, harrowing it with anything you can conveniently draw after you. Ropoat now and then " Hemp sood I saw throo ; hcrapsood, I saw throo; anu him (or her) that is to uo my true lovo como after mo and you theo." Look ovor your loft shoulder and you will sco tho opponranco of tho poraon invoked in tho attitude of palling homp. Somo traditions say, 41 Como after mo nnd shaw theo "—that is show thyself, in which caso it simply appear. Othcra'omlt tho harrowing, and say, "Como after mo ami lmrrow thee." Tako an opportunity of going un noticed to bear stack, and fathom itthroo times round. Tho last fathom of tholast timo you will catch in your arms tho nppoaranco of your futuro conjugalyoke-follow. Tako thrcodishes, put clcau water in ono. foul water hi another, and loavo tho third empty '.blindfold apcrson, and luadhim to the hearth whoro tho dishes aro rangod ; ho or aho digs tho loft hand; If by chanoa in the clean water, tho future husband or wifo will bo a bachelor or maid ; if io the foul, a widower or widow ; if in tho| ompty dish, it forctcls no marriage at all, Ifc is vopoatod threo times, and caoh timo tho urrangement of tho dishes Is allcrod. Go out ono or moro to south-runoing spring rivulot whero throo laird's lands mcot, and dip your loft shirt alcove. Go to bod in sight of a fire, and hang your sloovoa boforo tho llro to dry. Lio awake, and somo timo near midutgut an apparition, having thooxAot figuro of tho grand object in question, will corao 'and turn the sleeve as if to dry tho other side. Burning tho nuts is a famous charm. They namo tho lad aud lass to oaeh particular nut as thoy lay thom on tho firo, and accordingly as thoy burn quietly togelhor or start from besido oaah other tlio courso aud issuo of tho courtship will bo, Phhexolgoical Charts of character and gifts and showing pursuit yoar aro most suited for may bo bail from Rev. Ralph Brown in tlio Wcsloyan schoolrooom to-day only. Hour, 2 to 9 p.m. Consultation aud Chart, 5s. U37A Tin: Argontino is tho country from which tho whoat-produoing areas of the world havo most to faar. An Amorionn manufacturer tho othor day stated tho astounding fact that oqo firm of agri cultural implement makors in tho States rocoivod Instructions a year or two ago to supply the enormous number of 26,000 ploughs iu one order for tho Argontino Republio. So far as tho aroa available) and its productiveness aro concerned, tho land on tho Parana and Paraguay dould feed tbo world, and it is only a question of competi tion and cheapening of tho oost of produotion botweon tho South American whoat lands and tho United States, Russia and India. The United States is attempting to meet tho com petition of Argentina by oponing up tho whoat lands in tho "Panhandlo" of Toxas, which moasuros 30,000 square miles, whilo tho im- muneo Indian Torritory, whioh covors 50,000 miles of tho most fortUo laud in North Amorica, is juBt beginning to bocoina productive. From this it may bo seen that Australia undoriakos no light task ia attempting to scouro a placo ia the world's great wbeat market. The long-contested postal reform in England by which it would be permissible for stamps to be placed on cards other than those issued by the Government, has come at last, a Treasury warrant fixing the introduction of the new system from the 1st of August last. Mr. Henniker Heaton, M.P., to whom the reform is due, has had the matter in hand for seven years. Writing on the subject, the hon. member says that henceforth a person in any part of England may take any plain card of the proper size, write a letter upon it, affix a halfpenny adhesive stamp, and have it transmitted through the post. The department has, he admits, made a gallant fight. The officials paid £283 per million for the material of their postcards, whereas the adhesive halfpenny stamps cost them only £10 per million. Nevertheless, by charging sixpence for ten cards, and selling single cards at three-farthings each, they have con- trived to make a clear profit, on the material alone, of £22,000 a year. To safeguard this profit they even raised the cost of stamping (impressing) stationers' sheets of postcard from nine shillings a gross to flfteen shillings a gross, the actual cost being about one shilling per gross. Mr. Heaton says it is now the stationers' turn, and he hopes to see postcards sold by them in all our cities as on the Continent, bearing " tiny and attractive pictures of interesting buildings, monuments, and scenes of natural beauty." Is his roport on theconsuB for 1891, just issued, Mr. Coghlan gives somo amusing, as woll as pathetic, statements. Wo (Clnrcnco Fj'uuiiner) quote a fow. Ono man, whose christian name was George, called throo of his daughters Georgolla,- Goorgctholl, and Goorgo. Triplota that had roachod tho ago of 19 woro uamod Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Four girls in ono family woro named Ruby, Coral, Fowl, aud Emerald. A man bears tho christian uamo Enough. Ono girl was a wifo at 14, two lads husbands at 13, ono widow of 17, and s divorced woman of 19. In a certain house resided mother, daughter, and grand- daughtor of tho ra- spootivo ages of 31, 47, and 30, and all threo living apart from thoir husbands. There must bo heredity influence io such a stato of mattor. Ono mothor records tho fact that hor infant child oould say « mum." Another that tho infant's chiof moans of support was tho feeding bottle. An unemployed wroto, "A coacb-builder. A oureo to all froctrado. Cannot got work." A widow of 73 gavo her occupation as studying human naturo. Another widow of 05 wroto that sho was " battling it out tho best way 1 can,"' .P .m?? wroto of his mother-in-law that" alio sits in jus chair all day und smokes." Another complained that his wife's mother could 44 nag only." now photographs of so-called spirits aro .manufactured is oxplaioed by S. J. Register " There nro two tricks by which these apparently wonderful ghost pictures can bo produced so a to present a realistic offoct. Ono is to givo to tho pbotographio negative half an exposure in front of somo person masquerading in a wbito sheet, and afterwards to complete tho oxposoro io front of somo ordiuary sitter. Tlio offoct Is ' somewhat startling, for the form of the second, sitter can bo distinctly seen through tho figuro of tlio first. Tho second trick is to insert ia tho camera a piece of glass on which has boon ' marked beforehand the outline of the ghostly figuro, not in visiblo paint, but in bi-aulphato of Sn nTho«T0t0l!l?.rinus0r0v8C0nfc inviail>' »riu- Mini J i ,0 th!s that, while tho slapo on too glass is entirely unobservod by JonsKnUi 0 5',otoRrPki it affects tbo sensitive plate and produces all the appearance of somo shadowy boing in front of tho figures of those who may happen to bo before tho camora at the timo. As regards 44 tho curious-looking baboon faco of Goordio, looking out of a drapod whito shoot over tboahouldor of ayonng woman. ' which appear as ao illustration in Dr. M'Carthy'a article, ovon a slight knowlodgo of photography would onablo any ono to deteot that it is a fraud. Tho outline of tho shoot ogaiost the figure of tho woman has plainly boon proancou uy something of tho naturo of what ia known as stopping.out varnish, and whilo a shadow appears on ono part of it thoro ia none at all ou another portion whore ono ought to It is statod (says tho Wide Bay News) in Maryborough that Messrs. Williams, Buss, and others in this district aro ongsgod la a - number of industrial sohomes, tho motive 1 power boing furnished by Mr. James Tyson. Thoro aro fow projoots that Mr. Tyson gages in, that his wondorfol shrowdoosvW sagaolty does not mako a saoooss. > > T Some lovoly examples of the nowest stylos inV ' Tnmraca Milhnory sro on viow in tho windows of T. K. Lamb, Hodgson's Building. Tho jargo display of Summer Dross Fabrics. Blouses, Sunshades, Arc., aro woll worth inspection. 39 Iris u most apparent faot to evory export who examines tho 44 Jamen" ©ycltw that thoy aro brimful of point, uhowing good sense, great technical nklll of a high grade, n clear conception of tho nooda of a rider, and ull coupled with ovidont honest work throughout. Smith's Queensland Bloyolo "Works, BtU- bano, Mr. E. Clark, Gremor-atreet, local ro- prcM&tative;). 