Sermon bA Re. E. Iaac. Preached onf Sunday Ml~orneing, December end, at WIet Aelbourne Baftist Church. A'NA-D HE SAID UNTO ME: MY GRACE IS ,UFFtICINT FOR THEE, FOR MvY STRENGTH IS MADE PERFECT IN WVEAK NESSC."--, or. c... xi., 9. Such were the glorious words saturated with Divine power that came from heaven to Paul, as he earnestlybesought the Lord thrice that the thorn in the flesh might be removed. Fourteen years before the apostle wrote this epistle he had been favoured with a most remarkable vision As to the way in which this vision took place the apostle cannot speak with cer tainty. He vas not sure that the s'-l con tained any connection with the body. For aught he knew the bo.ly might have been raised with the spirit to the heavenly regions, or the connection between body and spirit might isave been far thl- time dis solved. It was in perfect.keeping with the nature of the occ'rence for him to speak of the third person when referring to it. "I knew a man in Christ, fourteen years ago, such a one was caught up ti the third person " The individual spoken of was in a passive state and there f;re ,ig.t aual to :ri,s no .a another person, and I believe his modesty led him to omit his personal pronoun ; he wanted the Corinthians to lose sight of himself in the whole matter or only remember him to adore the strength that was manifested so conspicuously in such ajmass of weakness. The " third heaven " is a term that may be worthyofa moment's explanation. The Scripture speaks of three heavens, the air is considered at heaven, the starry heaven is considered the second heaven, and that which is beyond, is the heaven of heavens. The devil dwells in the first lie is the prince of the power of the air. The stars shine in the second that is called the firmament, but the third to which Paul was caught up is the residence of God and the redeemed. WViile in this ecstatic state Paul says he "heard unspeakable words which it is not lawful for man to utter. " Note he does not say he heard words which could not be expressed, for if so le could not have perceived any meaning in the com munication, but the words were of such mysterious import that lie was not allowed to tell the world what they were. Had Paul been permitted to do so it might have encouraged others to expect such commu nications and thus dreams and phantasms of the imagination woeld have been taken for heavenly visions. The apostle's lips were sealed as to what he saw and heard during the rapture of this least and yet greatest of saints. But after the space of fourteen years mention is made of the fact. We know not what he may have'been permitted to hear, among other matters perhaps he heard the Saviour's intercession with the Father for his church. Grand, beyond what human language had the power adequately to convey, were the sights that met admiring eyes and the sounds that ravished his astonished ears. But why this silence after the japse of fourteen years ? "Lest I should be exalted above measure." Behold this Paul ! head and shoulders above his brethren spiritually; [yet is he on the edge of dangerous precipice through witnessing a sublime and holy "ision which should have served to humble him instead of filling him with pride. There can be no doubt that the sight of Divine.glory produces humility im a man and causes him to cry out with poor prostrate Job : " Behold, I am vile," or to hide away as the disciples on the Mount of Trans figuration, and as long as Paul gazed on these lustrous beauties of the paradise up to which he was caught he was humble enough. But the .subtle peril lurked in the remembrance of the high privilege that had been accorded him above the rest of the apostles. Then would pride try and insert its poisoned shaft. A man that behaves with becoming modesty in the presence of royalty even to feeling an oppressive sense of humility may, when away, be somewhat elated at the dis tinction, and so Paul had to have put around him, or, rather, in him, a safeguard and preservative, lest he should be exalted above measure, to. prevent him tripping through the weakness of the flesh. I'll warrant you afterwards, Paul hardly knew which most to value : the third heaven revelation, the grace, or the throne. Had you asked him, he would surely have been in a strait betwixt the three. My friend, you have a th 'n of some sort or another, are you found glorying in it? not because of what it is itself, but because of what God can make it to you, who by a Divine alchemy can change your sorrow into joy. Oh, yes He can gild our thorns j with gold, by giving us not simply a passive resignation, but a holy exaltation that rejoices in the possession of what was once our sorest trouble. A messenger of Lucifer the proud demon who fell through his pride is here employed to teach Paul a lesson on humility. The proudest being in the universe ,ihose boast it was to deface the image of God in man, is made to uphold and restore God's image where it was a little scratched. The devil himself is a schoolmaster to bring Paul to Christ. In the parable of the rich man and Lazarus we read th:it when Lazarus died, angels carried him up to heaven. Here we have Beehzebub hii.seif hired to carry on his pinions, Pacd, to glory ! The Prince'of Darkness employed to help the child of God to the mmnsions of light ? He that brought sin into the world, God sends to be the instrument in keeping Paul from corniaitting sin. Ali! brethren, we all need to be kept down ! down ! down t We carry about with us a nature full ofcombustibles, which a spark at any moment may cause to break forth in flame and work us serious mischief. Nothing is more offensive to God than pride. He did not suite Herod when he killed his beloved servant John, but when Herod smit on his throne and took to himself the glory winch should have ben given to God, the Divine hand smote him, and tie was eaten by worms and gave up tile ghost. Paul's vessel was in danger of shipping a heavy sea of pride, and so this trial was sent by God as needful ballast to keep it steady. Secret things, never before ex posed to gaze of mortal man, had been presented ,o Ilis woidering view; hle had been caught upto the veryd-relling place of God--paradise, and this spiritu l exahlation was veiny liable to degenerate into self exaltation. What tlis thorn in the flesh was, has been the subject of a multitude tf conjectures with which I will not trouble you. I am disposed tmi take the generally received opinion that it was an -iffection of the eyes, probably the remains of that mysterious blindness. with which he was struck on his way to Dauiascus. lie was physically blinded by the glare of light which surrnuided him when he beheld the risen Lord. That blaze! of heavenly light outshone the noonday give of the fierce Syrian sunI and this most probably left his eyes inflamed and weak. If we accept this explanation it gives a deep-r p itho; ,,meaing to the apostle's testnmony to the Galatians, who, in the first flash of themrgospel joy, as they looked upon him who had led them Into such blessedness, would had it been possible, have t tken out their eyes im order to place them at the sufferers service. The expres sion "thirn ii the flesh " is singularly appropriate t . ophthalmic disorder be cause the sensation of pain is very like a sharp spinter run into the eye. Itosay have been owing to this couse that Paul employed so constantly an amanuensis; and you remember in the epistle to the Gsiatians, where he appears to have dep arted from his usual custom, he says in chapter vi., 2: "See, with how large letters, I have written unt, you with mine own hand."'-Revised version. Thus gently reminding them of infirmity fro:n which ie suffered. Again, when Paul was arraigned before the Sanhedrim and failed to recog.i¢ the high Priest, saying : "I wist not t.i?tt he was the higim Priest," the failure would probably be owing to his defective eyesight, as the dress of that official would 5ingle him out from the rest of the company. But all that can be positively known is that it was some infirmity which was like the constant piercing of a thorn into the. flesh. It was a trouble that was as keen as it was constant. Each time the request Ior the removal of the thorn was made, the reply came just the same, " My grace is sufficient for thee." Thou hast no need for more than my grace, be satisfied with that. Time continuance of the ithorn will be the best for thee. God did not grant his request but promised something far better. He ier: the thorn in but promised grace to enable him to bear it, we often cry out at the first pricking of the thorn, instead of looking straight away to God for the needed grace to enable us to bear the trial. Endure the thorn with patience, and it will lose its pain and you will thank God that He premitted you to feel the puncturesthat caused you to shrink. (To be contiuued). 