A LATTER DAY GHOST. By 3les M. L. RAt¥aE. Do I believe in ghosts ? Great Cae ar's .host, that Brutts saw on the eve of the battle of I'hillipi, answer me." The earlie=t remembrance I have of super natural things is the reading in the Bible of the ghost of 'amnel, which appeared to the wi'ch of Endor. thereby frighten ing h-r nearly out of her own wits, for she knew she was quite incapable of producinl? s;irits herself, and was shrewd enoug' to recognize a greater power present thin her own. Besides that, we have had all kind of ghostly exFcr iences in cur own fam;ly. When my brother-in-bar's cousin's huaband lay on his deathbed there came three cracks of a whip over the looking-glass, which ias'antIv was shivcre I from centre to circunmf rcnce, and, as :he nurse de c!arel, "yoit could hl.ve walked on that glass an t it wouldn't hare cracked.' And when mrnvreat nne'e diel the clock stofpewl of its own c"' r'. and could never be coaxed to go go agin. There are tho=:e. I kn?w. who wilt say t at 'he three cra:ks of the whip were prclimnnary to rhi cra.kin; of the glass from an:ural causes, san that the old ecrck ran down. bean, worn out with age. re that as it may. we all have a vearnir t fr tf:e snpern?:ra'. and wonl I rath!r keep c::- gh,-'- in :iher ncearthly habi-lln n's as crvieae Cf the reage wor:d of mysticism. whence they stray for brief visits to frigh:en or instruct us. But I dii have a serion? fright front a ghostly spparanc which my Scotch b!ot at ,tncs pn-cn,ancel a " fetch," and it is ifst as near the sr ,ernatural world as I care to reach uati: I bocome a ghost myseii .nl a py pranuks- n my own naccount. The ghos: in qnestin r.et appeared at a seaside resor:-ta :frmhouse where they eked out tha ir scanty means by taking sn:umer b : derv. There my yeon:2 fin !. Ka:e I: !i.. went after the desa;:L ,f a ra 3 n f n aunt, to whom she hid been bann i a= Ix:on to his wheel. As son - Ka:e fou::nd herself free aui ,h',e to er ile on the com petence the a3:nt was ob'i;ed to leave her, she became morbi:1 c the subject of her duty to the deia1'i. -If I had onir teen kinler to hr, done more for her. made her li'e more p!easant. she wailed In rain we to' i her tht: she had done everythin. thi: cr,::i i,: d : to :omfort a cantankerous o ;r woman. and she should now en>vy a we'l-ea:ned rest she would invariah r re:trn to her self acn-sation· nn se _ !a::r lost her health. Then i: wa- that we prevailed upon her to gdowrn w j, the seashore, to this iso.at:cd sp;t. aIle out of doors. She had been away a month when I receivel a -ette.r, nsuro ain; me to her side. She was i. a-i so changed I hardy recognised her. "It dees notazrs e with n: here. It is too lonely. You m:,: came hoc?e with me." " 1Ma:ie," she said in a fi::t, hollow voice, " I have seen Aunt Se'ina." I stared at her without uttering a word. It is true. The s:'it If the dead can come back. I have seen her twice -she locked ange!ic-a' in lore'y white-with a veil over her 'ike a bride." I laughel a'ot:l. That homely, yellow, scraggy suno of hers appearing in such a guise was too much for me. But I saw how deadly in earnest poor Kate was, and I tried to be serious. " How did she arpear t, von, Kate ? In a dream :-" I rke t. as I mrde room for her on the bench in the farmhouse garden where we corld ta:k unobserved. '-No, denr, I saw her in her own form, in thi cdo:hes cs e: cf the room I sleep in. Yo ? lnu iri', must con form to certain p=ycho!ogic a' conditions \- -she c?uld not come ,hrough the door. so she attracted my atter.lon to her. Each night an indescribab:e sonnd like a clap of distant thanler awakenel me No one else heard it. I lea-ed from inquiry of the fa ily." '" Did she talk to yon? D. yon mean to tell me that she spoke to yon ?' I asked incredulous!r. " That is the drestfal thing about it ! I lhad not the corage to look at her a m rnmen:. or to hear her speak. I saw a reproachful lock on her poor, white faee, a-e --o'. Marie, I must have f*intel. fir wh-n I awokec it was darlieht, and the was gone. There was no ono in the *" You imasina t th: wlIe thing." I said, ot of Itiencee wiih so much sop. ertition. • But lsh came aga'n the next night. I was determined that I would be strong and ask her to forgive me for alt the trouble I had caused her. bat I wa. a'ne and so awfully afra:d. It was m*orning before I dared to open the door of the closet and th-n-" She shnddered and looked around fearfully. " And then ?" I promoted. "Then I felt stronger and opaened the door. Yes, she was there in such a marre'ously beautiful dress, but with that same sad, reproachful look on her face, and before I could speak she melted away from my sight." "Melted ?" " Y'es. Demateiai:ized. It just seemid as if she vanished through the floor and I--I fainted again." "You poor child." I cried soothinsly, " I shall sleep in that room to-night, and you shalt take the one they have reserved kr me. I believe perectly in the theory of ghosts, bu: when it comes to their actaal presence, I am not so sure. However I wou!d be glad to see even Aunt Selina. You know I always Jetested hlr, and I am a gool hater, but if ,she comes back to be forgiven I'm not utre but that I will forgir' her," • Don't dear, you hart me," saij Kate, meekly. ' I hurt for your healing," I re 1pnded; "to-night, then, hiung on mr ghost. Oh, by the way, are you q aie sure this is not a prank of some rnc in the house ? Have you mentioned th, circumstances ?" ""ot-to a mor al except yourself. I to not want to be the laughing stock of .hle hou-e. It is not given to everyone :o see the spirits of the departed." "Thank goodness !" I ejaculated fervently. and then I became suddenly 1qiet as I studied the white face of my friend and dreaded the a;roach of night. Yes. I may as well own it. It was one thing to sit in the open air and in the sun ight and heir a story about igh,'sts, and another thing to be alone in Sstrange house at the time when the powers of darkness are abroad, and ex pec: to see one. It was no proof that there were no ghosts bhcause I had never see one Mr Scotch ancestors had been gifted with second sight-why not I? Nonsense ! They lived in a superstitions are, ant imagined thinas. Joshua would never have commandel the sun to stand still if he had known it never moved. I took my c:nrage by the throat and dared it to for.ake me. I slept in the haunted room. Yes, an 1 I. too was awakene 1 by that sound as of d'stant thunder! I bad left the light horning, and looking at umy watch I founai that it was midnitht. I conclu led someone was up in the house. and then I distinctly heard a found in the c'oret-a vague, mufll?d, unctLny sound ! I never was so wide awake in my life! And I was determined then and there to penetrate the mystery, even if I perished in the attempt. Frightened ? Oh, n-n-no indeed! I shook as if with an ague, but that was excitement, I told myself. To confront a boiyless spirit, an entity, the shadow of a subs:snc, an non hallowed mirage, a vision. something that neither reseel in the grave nor dwelt in paradise-dare I op-n a door between two worlds and face this thing of wonder ? Then I th ught of Aunt Selina, who kept everybody uncomfortable while she was in this world, and was now exceed ing her mission by the same disposition as of old. My thoughts took a more wholesome and natural turn. I would frustrate the old dame if I could. I laid my hands on the knob of the closet door. It sho,k as if someone held it on the other si le, and the door began slow'y to open. Ipeeped. Goo.lheavens! A woman stood there, and if it wasn't Aunt Selina, it looked enough like her to b, that antique specimen, even ," the widcw's weeds, which I saw by that glance she still wore. Strange to say, I was not as much frightened as I expected to be, or else I was too badly frightened to know it, and so, in that hanf-unconscicus con'ition. I pulled open the closet door to fullest extent, and facing the black-robe l ap parition I shrieked a!ond : " Well Aunt Salina, what do you want ?" For a full minute -re stared at each other, then I b'gan to laugh hysterically, anI soon I heard Kateand members of the family pounding oa the door. I ad mitted them, and pointing to the ghost, whch' hat not yet evaporatoi, asked tragically : • What does this mean ?' " Aunt Selina !" gasped Marie. " Ntlain, of the kind," I said, dragging the widdow's brnnet and veil from the black c'ad figure, "look !" PI I'lease be careful," said a sharp voiced women, stepping in to the rescue : "we do dressmaking, an i that's my dummy. I don't want that new suit of mourning spoiled." " io did your dummy get into that clo=et ?" " Oh, there used to be a dumb-waiter there when we kept hotel. I had a wed ding dress on it the last two nights, and now this mournin' ,-r2er. I i:st ran 'em up to keep'em from being handled." " At the risk of frightening your boarders out of their senses. You can hare your closet and room both, as we are going back to town as soon as it is light." Which we did, and I am not sure that we were not both disappointed at the tame denonement to oar nineteenth century ghost story; which after all does not explode the theory, though it does show how much imagination may do in outlining ghostly features. 