ISnE^lDXJSS " Short, Sharp, and Shiny." " Well, Shortly, what's your business'! "Well, you have been long enough about here to know." Fine. i Warm. Theatre. Pugilism. Cyclorarna. Anarchism. War in Brazil. Coal difficulty. "Continentals." A fictitious firm. Harvest festival. Napoleon's ghost. London wool sales. Wreck of a barque. Village settlements. Tennis tournament. Fire at Broken Hill. Fraud in high places. Anarohism in France. " Storm and Sunshine." Evasion Of the stock tax. Accident to the Seafoam. . Parliament and the press. Shamfight at Launceston. Collision at Port Adelaide. The Czar of Russia recovering. Brazilian insurgents in trouble, i Parliamentary fiasco in Sydney. | "The Silence of Dean Maitland." I Corbett is going to meet Peter Jackson. Reductions in wages at the Bulli collieries. M. Carnot has been threatened by Anar chists. . It is rumored that Mr. Gladstone intends to resign. Only two more nights of " Storm and Sun shine." The Sydney Evening News contempt case fizzled out. Napoleon's ghost still lingers at the Cyclorarna. The Khedive of Egypt has had a row with Riaz Pasha, _ , . Bluejackets have" been shamfighting m Launceston. A harvest festival at St Peter's Cathedral this evening. Chinamen in _ the Northern Territory know where the gold is. The railway revenue for the week ended January 27 was £21,633. The Customs receipts up to January 27 amounted to £299,^37 Os. Id. The annual tennis tournament commences on the Adelaide Oval to-day. The heir to a baronetcy charged with fraudulently obtaining money. The harrier system to be adopted at the Port Adelaide railway-station. Passengers on the launches to the Parra matta had a bad time yesterday. The editor of the Sydney Evening News called before the bar of the House. Svdney -..legislators did not want to regard ladies in tie gallery aa " strangers. Mr D. D. Rosewarne has been appointed manager of the Blinman copper mine. Victorian railway employes prevented from raising a subscription for Mr. Speight. The whole of the crew of the Adelaide bound barque Loch Sbiel were rescued. MullenB's Christmas claim, at Pine Creek, has been bought by Chinamen for £220. Fancy members of the New South WaleB Parliament standing upon their dignity .. Mr. Robt. Reid, the Victorian Minisiier ol Defence, haB been banqueted in Sheffield. . An engine and a dray came into collision atPort-Adelaide, little injury being done. Svdney legislators are frightened that their Parliament will lose its oharacter. Oh, my. A complimentary benefit to. Mr. Walter Bentley at the Bijou Theatre to-morrow night. The two last nights of the Norman-McLean Dramatic Company should be well patronised. The Brazilian insurgents ran up against a snag when they tackled an American merchant ship. Messrs. Robert Kelly and Walter Ifonld have been appointed members of the Pastoral | Board. * _ Herr Heinicke's orchestra meb with mi.en I fchu3iastio leception at Wednesdays Con I tinental." I Mr. Reid wants the War Office to make the ! use of Australian mutton and beef general in j the army. 1 The barque Loch Shiel, froni Glasgow to Adelaide, has been wreoked ofi Pembroke, South Wales. j "Brazilian insurgents fired on an American j merchant ship, but apologised when they felt, che -Eagle's claws. j ' The public executioner in France has been threatened with death if he "turns oif" the Anarchist Vaillant. I He—"Dearest, can you keep a seoreb?" She—" Of course I can. Neither you nor any body else knows my age." The Rev. H. Girdlestone, the newly appointed headmaster of Sb. Peter's College, arrived by the Parrainabta yesterday. Russia has guaranteed the seouriby of the Indian frontiers and the Pamir plateaus in order to secure tho neutrality of England. A porbion of the Oceana's consignment of Australian fruit arrived in England in a decayed condition owing to defective packing. Mr. F, W. Coneybeer, M.P., says the rumors relative to a split in bti6 New South Wales Labor Party are very much exagge rated. " Mrs. Smith's got a dog that likes me," said little Emily, coining home from a visit with her aunt. "How do you know he likes you ?" her mother asked. " 'Cause he taBted me," answered the little girl. On one occasion Mr. William Shakespeare, a popular musician, went to a theatre and occu pied a box to which a friendly comedian had senthim. Between the acts he went round to the dressiiig-room of his friend, naturally sending up his name first. He was cordially welcomed, his friend's dresser looking at him with much interest. When, be left, the dresser, having bowed him out, returned to his master's side, and observed interrogatively, "Son of the well known author, I presume, sir ?" "Have you taken anything for your in fluenza?" asked the doctor of a long, lank, hungry-looking man, who came to him com plaining of being " all run down," his ap pearance verifying his words. " Well, I ain'b been taking much of anything, doctor— that is, nothing to speak of. I tuk a couple o' bobtles o' Pindham's bitters a while back, and a bottle o' Quaokem's invigorator, with a couple o' boxes'o' Curem'a pills, and a lot o' quinine and some root bitters my old woman made up. I've got a nrtwAMO nlnal>Ql* An mw 0*1' » 1Jr>n« nn J __ porous plaster on my baok, an' a liver pad on, an' I'm wearin' an 'leobrio belt, \- and taking quinine and iron four times a day, with a dose or two o' sals ev'ryother day; 'ceptih' for that I ain't takin' aofchin'," 