Beautiful Miss Armadale. . By Mrs. W. H. FALMEE. CHAPTER L He was placing his arm about her waist. . Victor Forsyth and Alan Craig were greeting each other with restrained hut unmistakable satisfaction on the plat form of the little station at Indian Beach, “Hello, old man!” " “How'are you, Craig?” “First rate. Johnwill take your traps. I suppose you’d rather walk—to stretch your legs?” “By all means.” The traveler handed his well worn va lise, his overcoat, checks, umbrella and cane to the servant, and the two young men started onward at a swinging pace. It was a late August day—warm and still. Just as they left the station steps a village cart containing a couple of ladies came whirling along the sandy road. The horse wore a gold plated har ness, and the ladies’ toilets gave an im pression of elegance which was shared by even the slim, straight whip dec orated with a narrow streamer of pale •blue ribbon. The occupants of the cart bowed graciously to Craig in spite of their apparent haste to reach the station. The young man lifted his straw hat, and his friend of course performed the same ceremony. “Who are they?” he asked as one of the two alighted and entered the tele graph office. “Lucille Eliot and her friend," was the answer. “Mighty good looking girls,” was the careless remark of Forsyth as he and his host struck across the sandy high way toward the beach, against which the summer sea broke in slow, caressing ripples. “Yes,” was the thoughtful Tejoinder; “they seem between them to unite most of the attractions of womankind. One or the other might suit even you, For syth—unless,” with a quick glance, “you have left your heart in Germany with some of those placid frauleins.” “No,” said Forsyth in an indifferent way. - “I’ve seen very little of ladies’ society these past three years.” He lifted his hat as he spoke and faced the cool salt air and the shining sea with a tired traveler’s weary satisfac “You never were oversentimental about girls,’’laughed Craig, “evenin our sophomore days. I doubt if you’ve ever been genuinely in love.” “No, and I never shall be—but once— and tho tiino hasn’t come yet,” was the rejoinder. . The two young men were near the same height and weight, but'had no other point of resemblance. Victor For syth was dark, intellectual, refined look ing. He had gray eyes, never intended —though they were handsome eyes—for indiscriminate service in lovemaking. He wore his full dark beard in German fashion, and the white hand with which he chanced to stroke it as he gazed off over the shining sea was a hand for ges ture, for persuasion or command—a hand which had soul in its nervous lines. Craig was handsomer in a more com monplace way. His older sisters had dubbed him a “girl runner” at fifteen. He was the “masher” par excellence of his college class. At twenty-five he was still so fascinating with his elegant fig ure, his large blue eyes and exquisite golden mustache that his pert little Cousin Clare had declared only that morning that any girl who married Alan might expect to share him with womankind in general, adding that for her part she believed in monopoly- in the marriage contract. All of which meant that Clare in her way was. also in love with her cousin. Craig and Forsyth walked slowly along the beach. They had been great chums, and they did not dream that the three years of separation which had fol lowed their graduation from college had brought any cfianges'which-cotrid-uffcofc. their friendship. Nothing indeed could do that unless it was a love affair. It was perhaps the consciousness of this which caused . Craig’s abrupt question concerning the state of Forsyth’s affec “Tliis is a sort of lotos land, Alan,” was tho newcomer’s remark presently. “ ‘Blank ocean and mere sky’—that is what I’ve been longing for. I am wearied out with people and things. How I shall enjoy this emptiness—with you!” A quizzical smile crossed Craig’s face, “Well, certainly we are not crowded here at the beach. But I suspect you’ll have to admit a good deal besides ‘blank ocean and mere sky’ into your life dur ing the next month or so—duck shoot ing, for instance.” “Have you a houseful of company?” Forsyth inquired, with a sort of dis “Well, my married sisters’ friends beep coming and going, and my Cousin Clare—you remember her?—she is the Miss Craig now, and a more terrible child at eighteen than she was at fifteen. But the worst of it is, Victor,” added Alan, with sudden seriousness, “yon and I axe the only men in the family, and we can’t expect much time off duty.” “Then society has even invaded the Hobson : “ What did your fianceesav when you told her you were dead broke.” Dobson (sadly) : “ She said she was fond of consistency in all things ; so she broke the engagement.” lonely strip of coast?” was the mournful comment. “Bless mo, man, how else .came the railroad and telegraph, and the villas, and the lawns and—Lucille Eliot and her friend!” “Yes, I might have known.” “But it is good society. Comfort your self with that. Miss Eliot is beautiful, rich, rather serious in style. And her friend, Hope Armadale” “Does language fail to describe her?” asked Forsyth with quiet irony as Craig paused abruptly in his description. u “Yes, it does—that is, any language I can command. She is very fascinat “Ah, so? Alan Craig’s hour has struck then?” “You and I won’t joke on the subject, Victor. I—I—don’t think I’ve a ghost of a chance with Miss Armadale. Every man at the beach is more or less in love with her.” “And she?” “Wait until you see her. She is to dine with us this evening.” “A formal dinner?’ sighed Forsyth. “Got up in your honor, my philos opher. But here is Craig cottage,” turning toward the spacious Queen Anne villa that stood in dull red outlines against the gray sky, with clumps of blue hydrangeas massed in the center of the smooth green lawn. “It is scarcely five o’clock," he 'added, “and I propose to-smuggle ycra- ipto. youx quarters anil_. leave you alone ufitil seven.”- ~ “Thanks,” said Forsyth, adding. “I little knew into what a vortex I was plunging. It is fortunate that I have a dress suit.” “The ‘vortex’ will do you good,” was the reply. “In a month those two sig nificant lines between your eyebrows will have disappeared. No, no, Victor; it is too soon for us to begin to grow old.” Forsyth found himself established in a chamber overlooking the sea, with dressing room attached. His cases had been opened and toilet articles arranged, his steamer trunk unpacked, the con tents placed in the wardrobe with sooth ing dexterity by an accomplished valet, and an hour remained to him before he must dress. He had not taken this wearisome jour ney for the sake of studying dinner cards and doing the agreeable to his next neigh bor. He felt bored in advance, and spent the time wondering how he could con trive to cut short his visit. And as he sat by the open window listening to the beat of the waves against the rocks he could hear from time to time in the in tervening silence the thud of a tennis racket, a succession of rapid soprano ex clamations and baritone protests, and finally the laughter of the chorus. “For heaven’s sake,” he muttered, “is thissamo sort of thing going on still? Has Alan kept at it steadily for the three past years?’ By and by silence fell. The tennis players had dispersed. It was half an hour before dinner. Promptly at seven Craig tapped at his friend’s door, and they went together through the winding corridors, down the broad stairs. The fading summer daylight mingled with the soft glow of shaded lamps, and the damp salt air made the scent of burning pine knots grateful. “What are you going to do with me?’ Forsyth asked. “You will see. My 6ister is only waiting our appearance to give, the sig nal for dinner.” Mrs. Macy, a handsome blond, like her brother AJan, held out a cordial hand sparkling with costly rings. “Welcome homo and to Craig cot tage, Mr. Forsyth.” “How do? I shall examine you later,” from Clare Craig, extending one finger tip as she glanced with big black eyes over her bare shoulders and returned to her companion’s story. “Miss Eliot, permit me—Mr. Forsyth.” Forsyth found himself bowing silently for the third time, with the oppressive sense of the necessity of pulling himself together and doing the agreeable. Miss Eliot ceased moving her fan. She wore a contented smile, as though life on the whole was a very pleasant af fair, while in her large blue eyes was a latent wonder as to whether there might not be in existence some possibili ties not compassed by dinners and drives and sails and calls. The dinner signal was given, and For syth and Miss Eliot were drifting to their places among the sixteen others who assembled around the table with the centerpiece of ferns, the branching silver candlesticks, the thin stemmed glasses, and over all tho becoming rose colored light. Of course, as the soup in the royal Worcester plates and tho ices in the cut glass cups came and went, they talked about Indian Beach, and then about Berlin, about undertows and thronerooms, all in the subdued way of people who are bound to keep up this . _EQrt_Qf,thing, as the resigned dog keep3 up the~ffeaa'npdu'tlTtr-pl^tform-wii.jsh;^, is attached to the churn. Suddenly—Forsyth had really become a little interested in his conversation, Miss Eliot was so calm, so unaffected, so intelligent — suddenly, therefore, warming somewhat in his own talk, he sat upright and glanced, as he was' speaking, down the table. Craig sat at the end, and on his left was a lady upon whom Victor Forsyth’s intense eyes rested for a moment—just a moment, from which his whole after life bort the impression, as flesh bears a scar. The lady was leaning forward speaking to some one opposite. Being on the sime side witli Forsyth, it was her side face that he saw. She had the low Greek brow, but no straight Greek line from eyes to chin had.ever the seduction that lurked in this slight inward curving' profile, the delicate, spirited nostrils, the babyish mouth, the protruding chin, the swelling throat, the bare should ers. Her dress was of the simplest—soft creamy silk gathered about her form as if to merely drape it. She wore no jewels or ornaments; her dark brown hair was twisted to conform to the shape of her head, a fringy ring or two straying upon her forehead, curling against the white nape of her neck. _ 'To be Continued.~1 The man of note is one who never pays his debts. When a washerwoman changes her ! place of residence, one may ask her ‘where she hangs out now.” 