Romance of Christmas. Vicissitudes of Fortune." As a season for family reunion, Christmas must necessarily hayc its romantic side. Tlie very fact that the Christmas dinner is the rallying centre around which every member of the family mates an effort to be present, brings its own sad and painful memories. In the course of the year, the familiar fape has disap peared, and the empty chair tells of a void that cannot be filled. It raust be so! Oecasionallr, too; such a~ change in the family circle ' is rendered all the more tragic and romantic owing to the circumstances attending such a gap at the Christmas board. Death, it may be," has claimed its victim through gome terrible accident, either by sea or land, and ruthlessly snatched away, in the prime and rosy blush of . life, the heir to some noble name. A fatal disease lias closed* the career of another on whom the sunshine of brilliant success was already shedding fame and distinction. Family history has many a painful tale of such vicissitudes of fortune, and it is the yearly gathering of this kind at Christmas, which, amidst the laughter and merriment of the many where shadows have no-, yet fallen, suggests its own stern real romance, without the imagination of the novelist's pen. There are numerous old traditions of terrible deeds having been committed in days gone by, and of the family gathering being yearly dis-. turbed at Christmastide by a restless spirit. There is no lack of .tales, which tell of the lnostthrillingtragediesenaetedinccrtaincountry houses iu past centuries, the memory of which has been perpetue ted, from season to season, by sundry mysterious sounds. Despite every argu ment to the contrary, it isimpossiblc to shake the faith of those who speak from their own ex perience, .and record what they themselves fully believe they have cither heard or seen. But, at any rate, the fact remains, that such items. of romance are still curreut in many localities in oar own, and other, countries and occupy an important place in the traditionary, history of some of our old families. It is a curious fact, too, that, apart from family tradi tions* of this kind,; one of the most popular amusements arguud the Christmas firesidc' is the narration of an exciting ghost story. ; The. more melodramatic its surroundings, the more eagerly it is listened to, even although the de tails may be of the most awful and ghastly description. - But, although from time immemorial, it has heon a widespread belief that. at the season of Christmas "no spirit dares stir abroad," this would seem to be the favourite'tirae of the year for unquiet spirits to make their presence felt— and not only inside the house, but out of-doors. Such a ghostly interference with the peaceful surroundings and festivities of Christmas is a strange incongruity; but, if we are to believe what many of our country folk affirm, it admits of no contradiction. It is another romantic side of the Christmas festival which, after all, it must not be forgotten, has also its clement of distress and sadness. The spirits that disturb the midnight dance, or wander about when most human beings are seeking their well-earned repose after the fatigue and excitement of Christmas Day. nre mostly either themselves unhappy, or else are doomed to this unquiet state for the deeds done in the flesh. Thus, according to a North mptonshire belief, the spirit of wretched individuals buried at cross-roads are specially permitted to walk about on Christmas Eve. Envious of those who are anticipating with pleasure the ap proaching joys of Christ mas, and hating theic own ham lot, they evince their spite by frightening unsuspecting individuals. Why this license, it has often been aske3, was originally granted to tbe spiritual folk of Northamptonshire, and denied to those in many otiier localities, is nu open question, and likely to rcmam so. There is another romantic side of Christmas which fiuds more or less favour with those who are anxious to gain sonic knowledge of the future, especially in matrimonial matters. Fhnu time immemorial there has been u popular notion that Ckrismnsti'do offers special oppor tunities for consulting futurity, and obtaining an insight into those tnings which aro hidden from mortal gaze." Tlouce, both at home and on the Continent, —it.. is., a .favour ite time with ; many a lovesick swain. and languishing maiden, "who resort to nil kinds of odd ceremonies for the purpose of fore casting their matrimonial prospects. Super stitious rites of this kind occasionally require pome strength of moral courage, as walking in thochurchyard at midnight,' scattering hemp seed, is not the most attractive occupation. . Equally romantic, but demanding still more strength of. mind, was a ceremony of a similar 'kind formerly kept up.in Sweden, for the pur pose ro£ ascertaining -who. should die in the .following. year.•" .Im tho morning twilight of CiirLsrinas t)ay /we are. told how super '^Itious * 'folk, '.-faking''advantage of this pfophetic •' time, would' actuully make an .excursion"'- -into • a. neighbouring wood— two important restrictions being total abstinence from'eating and drinking, and per fect silence on their part* If those conditions 'were'lfulflllcdj'ifc was supposed that a sight would be granted of as niany funerals as would pass that-way during the ensuing year. In, ' some.pa'rfs of Germany, it appears, the same curioiis fancy existed; a far from cheerful way of welcoming in tho bright and -happy Christ mas festival; : 'v : T JBut, as it has-been. tfftcn'obscrved with much truth, there will always be found a certain number of people who, whatever the oocasion may be, will readily grasp any opportunity of infusing into it a sentimental and romantic i. i?. Xluselton Dyer, in the Queen. 