IntzxbxQMB&n.; INSTALLATION OF THE DEAN AND CANONS OF THE CATHEDRAL CHURCH, BALLARAT. A large congregation assembled at the Cathedral Church, on the evening of Tuesday* 15th ult., when the Rev. John Francis Stretch, B.A., LL.B., was installed as Dean, and also inducted as Vicar of theparisli of Christ Church, and when the Rev. Messrs. Mercer, Flower, Morris, and Radciiffe, Captain Bridges, R.N., and Messrs. H. A. Nevett, Gr. Chapman, John Robson, E. J. Webb, and W. Turton, were inductedas canons. The clergy, with the exception of the .Ballarat canons, assembled and robed in Christ Church Hall. The canons met in the deanery, and with the churchwardens and vestry proceeded to the west door to receive the Bishop of Ballarat, with his chaplains and the Chancellor of the Diocese (the Hon. H. Cuthbert, M.L.C.), the Bishop of Melbourne, the Dean and Vicar-elect. The new Vicar having been presented to the Vestry, they handed him the keys of the church, and led the way slowly to the chancel. The Dean-elect followed, and immediately on his entrance Willing's beautiful hymn, 'We bid thee welcome,' was sung. When the sanctuary was reached, the Dean elect and the clerical canons remained in the centre in front of the rails. The Chancellor then read the certificates of the appointment of Christ Church to be the Cathedral Church of the diocese, and of the election of the canons and of the Dean to their respective offices. The Bishop of Ballarat then proceeded with the office of the installa tion and induction of the Dean and Vicar-elect and of the installation of the canons. All standing, the Dean and Vicar- elect made the required declarations ; after which the Bishop directed the instrument of installation, and the license for the newly-appointed Vicar, to be read aloud, and afterwards signed them, and delivered them into the hands of the Dean, saying: — 'Be thou a faithful dispenser of God's holy word and sacraments, and a faithful pastor under the Great Shepherd and Bishop of souls.' 'The Lord preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth for evermore.' Silence having been kept for a space, during which the congregation offered up prayer' on behalf of those who had. been installed, the 'Veni Creator' was surjg, the Bishop beginning — ' Come, Holy Ghost, our souls inspire.' The Bishop, then turning to the Dean and Vicar and the canons, said: — 'The God of Peace, who brought again from the dead our Lord Jesus Christ, the Great Shepherd of the sheep, through the blood of the everlasting covenant, make you perfect in every good work to do His will, working in you that which is pleasing in His sight, through Jesus Christ, to whom be glory for ever. Amen.' The Dean was then conducted to his stall, and commenced the evensong. The Lessons for the day, Micah iv. to 8, and St. John iv. to 14, were read by Canons Robson and Webb respectively. Gounod's anthem, ' Send out Thy light,' was rendered by the choir, and then The Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Goe) ascended the pulpit, and preached an eloquent sermon from the text Ephesians iv. 12— 'For the edifying of the body of Christ.' On the subject of Cathedral Chapter, after quoting an old writer's description of Cathedral energy in former days, the preacher said: — 'As we know, a period of decay ensued. It was brought on by those giant abuses — cathedral patronage, pluralities, and non-residence. These three reduced our cathedrals to a state of genteel but guilty somnolence. This is one of the most painful parts of our Church history, and we would only allude to it in order to draw attention to the goodness of God in preserving to us our cathedral foundations, notwithstanding their long-continued failure to fulfil the sacred trust committed to them. Throughout the length and breadth of England the chapters., encouraged by their bishops, are now endeavouring by renewed activity and zeal to atone for the neg ligences of the past. As an instance of quickened vitality, let me mention the case of a chapter in the south-west of England, in which one member is the 'educational' canon, having the oversight of day and Sunday schools; another is 'missionary' canon; a third, canon 'missioner;' a fourth, 'pastoral' canon. But no more satisfactory proof can be given of the value and adaptability of cathedral institu tions than their rapid spread throughout the colonial Church. Bishops and clergy in these new lands, surrounded by conditions of life and thought very diverse from those of Europe, agree in the desire to establish cathedrals in their dioceses, and in the belief that a diocese is not complete which possesses only a bishop and parochial clergy. The cathedral system also has a direct tendency to break down the spirit of selfish parochialism, which is the bane of voluntaryism; the chief hindrance in the way of colonial cathedrals becoming as influential and as widely useful as some at home are in the absence of endowments. All honour, then, to those zealous churchmen — whether bishops, clergy, or laity — who undertake the difficult, and in some respects ? discouraging, task of laying the foundations of cathedral establish ments in these lands. It is scarcely nineteen years since your bishop landed on these shores; and how greatly has God blessed his untiring zeal and dauntless courage to the furtherance of His kingdom in the Diocese of Ballarat. ' Of the new Dean (Rev. J. F. Stretch) he said : — 'He comes among you, haying won golden opinions for ability, eloquence, and power of various kinds. A distinct loss to my own diocese, I doubt not that he will prove a distinct gain to yours, and not only to tKe diocese, in general, but to this parish, of which he has been appointed vicar.' 