. 'WHMHIB) DMCT ' 11 " - * :-I ^roroSPAY. HQWBBER1. IBM. BOTE in the Old World and the New it .iiM arecmilj become |Oe fashion among leisured people; who liave little lo>do in this worid, to Attempt fDta&B;&peep; into Um next. 5?hey |ne fanned psychical research eocie ties which enoonrage and welcome evidence as to $h» Hdisriaon of mntil to the visitation of spirits. Sir W. T, Stead las laigeJy euairted $o bopm. Mta inmlBmebt affld issues yt journal ftanrteiltoiiie Interests rf rapernattmil Tiwtanta. So matter **fia£is iqntw tiis supply seldom ^TOoting^niaai»d.tod iaover whelming numbers. The apparatus that cannot lie too fa as been invoked, and highfclass periodicalsserionslypub lish what are alleged to be Bpirit photo graphs. They have gone from home to find ghosts, moBe pet lurking place is among the highlands of Thibet, and Mr® Besant, who made herself famous by the advocacy of the l^ltMiBiaaL doctrine, has abandoned her old faith, and become a believer in " Mahatmas" as the ghosts of Thibet are styled, A Mrs Blavatskt, a glorified kind of Mrs Goboov BiatiE was the introducer of the Mahatmas to their western worshippers, and made a complete conquest of the partner of Bbadlaugh. Mrs BesifiT is now delighting the Theosophiste of Australia by thralling acconnis of the powers of Mahatmas ! and her assertions have been every! where listened to with the respect due I to energy, earnestness, and ability.1 Those iwho ' scoffed at Mahat-. mas have only pity for their dupe, bnt if the accusation of the Westminster Gazette that she knows the tiling to be bogus, is correct, & very different estimate must be taken of the action of the talented lecturess. It is a strange coincidence that while the Westminster Gazette was investigating Mahatmas in London, a shrewd Civil servant was detecting'spirits in Sydney, at a seance, dashed at and secured a female medium who Tnul changed her attire in the dark, and was ap peasing as the spirit of a black girl, " Cissy." Incredible as it may seem, the exposed medium still finds defen ders, one a leading light in the medical profession, who accepts the wildest impossibilities aa explanation of the situation in which, the medium was liond. The Psychical Research Societies axe getting some wonderful incidents on paper, bnt in real life, even in the darlr, the manifesta tions are a dead failure. No donbfc Mrs -Besant still alleges her belief in Mahatmas, but the Westminster Gazette articles and the Sydney exposures are likely to seriously Interfere with her suc cess in securing converts, which it is alleged, more than mere money making, has brought her to these shores. At file Police Court, yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, in the case of Eli Lewie ?. Jolm Williams, £1 10s wages due, the case was dismissed. THE Customs collections for the month »' Townsrille were £17.184, an increase of £3863 over the corresponding period of las4 year. A etthh' in shipping (isjt] yesterday's TawnsviUe Star) caused over 130 men to be encaged in handling the cargo of three big idj»mpwir TIDE Toumsvilk Star says:-It is rumored that the permanent survey of the Eughen den-Winton suliny trill be made before next anon o£ Parliament. Tee Scotch carnival, which took place last night at the Theatre Hoyal was a great fncoeH, the_ room being crowded, and the crowd notwithstanding, everyone seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, dancing being keptnp will into this moraing. Quite the feature of the evening was a Highland Sling by Mis* Webster, Mr J. Kennedy supplying ftamnBCMku pipes, and the dance, which was capitally executed, received a hearty ap plause, which it well deferred. Everything ran smoothly, without any hitch whatsoever, and the night's amusement was moat entirely to the satisfaction of the Inge number who attended, The advent of another local district office ot a life Assurance Society In North Queens land, is mgnifinant of the interest oar southern neighbors take in ub. With one exception, the various Tife AiwmanceSocie ties have their Queensland head office and board of directors at Brisbane; the exception is the City Mntnwl Idle Assnxaace Society. The directors of this society, recognising the fact that their Brisbane office is in daily communication with the headroffice in Syd ney, have not deemed it necessary to incur i the expense of directors in th« southern capital Lately, however, North Queens lairi and ite growing importance has forced itself npon their notice, end they have sent a very old aai experienced life assurance expert, Mr H. Dererfl, to represent the society ia. the North, and open offices in Townsville. Ibis has been dope, and it is stated the Sydney directors will, in the be ginning of next ye^r, see their way to ap point a local board of directors in theNorth, and each action mil tend to render more popular, if possible, the City Mntnal life Assurance Society, which has already earned for itself in the south the name of one of the most IBmrJ MinfanJ life offices in the &nn; tralian colonies. The JCtcliBl Hirer correspondent of fte: Norma* Chronich writesThe evergreen and enereetic Joseph O'Rielly has just finish ed stockingsome newoounby for Mr. D. Me; Intjyre, of your city. Some three thousand cattleand sixty head of first class horses' were driven to it withoutany losses, which goaa to show that the preferring Joe has lost none of his old brilliancy amoDg the horned tribe. X hear Mr. fiid Smith ia to start short lywith another lot of cattle for the same dea timatiion and same owner. The new country is situated on Poigndcstre Orset (the latitude 1 did net hear), where the niggers tackled Snh-Inspeetor Boindestre.eometime ago, at night, but the General sleeps with one eye open, so it is aeedleae to nay the niggers didn't win. The country, I believe, is excellent, bring ell jopen box flats, and well watered by the aboveibwik and«£ms permsneBtlaaootu .bo. Some rolling do wp, partying Mitchell UuffwinallOMidiecaiinbj. It seems stzangethat this rich pastoral countayshould' Iie<moccn|asd forao long. What aa open ing there iB Cor ffoith Queensland capitalists in search of pastoral lands. Stock must go npinthemMketaonowisthetinietospeou I1- - - IKbssbs. Hu.T.wAir Bsos., tailors and hslnt makers, Wosman street, announce the laading^of aTery large Tangs of New Season's tweedi, Beige, and oik mixtures, which, with gnaieatoed fit and style, «nafaM them to turn Mb aoita to please the most exacting en*, brawn. Friocs to euit the time*. Good wnAwnm Aip ni rfimt wntaew, HBjuitd >u« yw'«HhM with fluitm. . TVvtuT Ifmm Thlmi Smith cd Go. arte making a veij fine display in their windows of ladies' and gentUmens' etaw hate. We ace informed that it is thrif fint ehipment for the Xmas izade, which is the selection «f one0fthefintbayBsln-2n0and. Alarger and more complete woitiiinut has never beenaCtced to the publkaf this field. If yon uepot pnrnluwrs a look at the windows .31 f^grfl|nrjw for any trouble inmak aganppdsaTpnrtoaeo ifaem-* : . 