The Address-in-Reply. To the credit of Queensland's Legisla tive. Assembly bo it snid that it is show ing a decided tendency to put aside a number of the useless pomps, aud ceremonies, and unnecessary formalities that older Colonial Parliaments cling to with close Conservatism. They have cashiered the Sergeant with his knee breeches, plenitude of shirt front and snowy lace cravat ; thoy have replaced the clash of spurs nnd sword, and martial tread of the Vice-Kegnl aide-de-camp, who used to enter tho Chamber in all the glory of full uniform, for tho busi ness like announcement of tho Premier . that a business message had been received from the Gover nor; they have done away with the absurd formality of gravely moving that a committee bo appointed to pre pare the Address-in-Reply, and of that committee as gravely leaving tho Chamber, returning almost immediately and as gravely announcing that they had porformed a duty, and handing in an address that had been printed over night ; this session thoy have done away with the equal absurdity of moving pro Jqrmfi a first bill, which generally provided f.pr the arrest of ghosts out after midnight, or roofing in ij.ll the .cemeteri.es to keep out tho flies ; and now the suggestion ltqs been made that they do away with the Vice-Regal Speech, and Address-in-Beply, at tho commence ment of each session, and confine them to tho opening of each new Parlia ment. And there spems a certain amount of good sound common gobo in the suggestion. One hon member, dur ing the present debate on the Address- in-Beply to the Speech with which the session was opened, said such Speech should have four cardinal points : ft should tell Parliament all the important public actions which had taken place "during tho recess, and the reasons for those actions. It should tell, also, tl;e offects from experience of the legisla tion of the past session upon tho pros perity of!!10 Peoplo. . JSToxt it should state, from information ..." overi1" ment alone can have in their possession, the prosont prospects of tho people, and lastly, it should stato definitely and clearly the policy of tho coming sossion. Certainly if tho Vico-Begal Speeches fulfilled all those conditions thoy would indeed bo too valuable to do away with as useless and uunccos- oary- but can anyone call to inind any Speech that could clniin to possess such cardinal points? Cortainly tho one with which tho present session was opened is bare of thorn, and evon the head of the Government claims no such merit for it, but blandly brands it as a more programme committing the House to nothing. In fact, ho admitB it to bo a moro coromony, and tho observance of such a coromony every three years would bo quite Bufiloient. The debate upon the formal reply to tho Speech generally partakes oE tho nature of those freo-lanco speeches mado so often during tho session on motions for nd |ournmont, nnd aro generally regarded, oven bv tlioso who most contribute to thoiu, as so much wasto of tune. No tangible result follows, oxcoptiug wliou an amendment amounting to a motion ol coiiHUio against the Government is moved, mid that could bo done with far loss wasto of timo if tho business of the IIoubo wore allowed to proceed without ivastiug days aud nights debating a Speech which virtually amounts to nothing, nnd an Address-in-Beply of equal value. » # # So fnr as it lias, as yot, gone tho debnte, which will be resumed this aftor- noon, differs in no way from tho many which havo preceded it. It has con sisted mainly of attnok and retort, con siderable Iobb of temper aud — great wnBto of timo. But if it is prominent for anything it is for tho marked evi dence it gives of the wauing power of the Government. Even the mover nnd seconder of the Address-in-Beply were cautiously non-committal in most of -win cairo as a ponderously pretty compliment. But if tho Premier wub weak the Colonial Secretary was worse. Ho roso to speak, was met with an intorjcction, became angry and resumed his sent, having contributed just five and twenty, words to the debate. That hitherto has been tho Ministerial con tribution, and their supporters seem to havo been equally as faiut hearted. All the fire in tho dobato has come from tho Opposition, and there aro evident sigus that the prediction of ono speaker, Mr. Fisher, iscomiug true ; the majority of the Ministry is fast falling away, and will soon bo at vnnisliing point ; that thoy possess no unanimity ; that without Sir Thomas M'lhvraith in tho Ministry they are in a way that is known to all political parties, the way that loads from the place of power to the cool Bhades of Opposition. 