A SPORTING TRIAL. ? HAYES F. THE AUSTRALASIAN. £5,000 CLAIMED. PLAINTIFFS FATHER IN THE BOX. EVIDENCE OF A VETERAN" TRAINER. SOME OLD INCIDENTS RECALLED. BENCH AND BAR. SEVENTH DAY. In the Second Civil Court j yesterday before the Chief Justice and a jury of six the action Hayes t leagues and others was continued The plaintiff, James Hayes (suing by his father as next friend) is a jockey who sues to recount 000 as damages for an alleged libel published in The Auxii clusion of September 23 last Mr Duffy and Mr Leon (instructed by Messrs 'VA t stay and Demaine) appeared for the plaintiff and Mr Innes QC Mr Isaacs and Mr Mitchell (instructed by Messrs Blake and Riggall) for the de fendants James Hayes the plaintiff was put into the box for further cross examination Mr Mrrciuttii intimated that counsel for defendants had li mailed the cross examination of the plaintiff Re examined by Mr LEON. ou said yesterday you thought you had made close on £15 000 during the three years you were riding and had also won a considerable sum in bets Did you invest that money '-I lost it backing horses This concluded the evidence of the plaintiff EVIDENCE OF PLAIN riFrS F li HEU, John Hayes, examined by Mr. Duffy Bawl -I am a publican at present, and a registered trainer under the V R C rules I am the father of the plaintiff who has always lived with me from his childhood upwards. I have had opportunities of observing his conduct. I have never heard until now of his going about in Prahran with a push of low tight ing men 1 Furthermore I don't know a lighting man in 1 Prahran He never brought any members of any push or other dm reputable eli truckers to my hotel Mr Dm if-Is he a I boy of quarrelsome or disorderly habitable I have never known or heard of his being engaged in a fight in his life You remember the Armstrong affair' What did you see of it One Sunday after noon about 2 o'clock I heard from plaintiff s mother and sister who were in in the room of a) house that Armstrong was assaulting plaintiff I went outside and saw that Armstrong had I immy I) the throat and had burst his collar limit) was crying I separated them, and told Armstrong he ought to be ashamed of films. It for tackling a boy I gave my son a cloud of the head and told him to go away I remonstrated with Armstrong saying He is only a buy ' Armstrong said he is too Hash by us your boy assaulting or doing anything to Armstrong He was trying to get away from Armstrong How old is your boy now? He was 38 2 years old on the 6th of this month we li it weight was he living at this time in 1802*-Ho was riding 7st. and under He could ride (at. Ulb with the saddle and clothes You have watched you boy ridings have seen nearly every race he has ever ridden in Have you backed your boys mounts? "1.08 Have you ever seen the slightest idea tion of his pulling a horserace ever in my life have I noticed his not doing his best to win Up to the time of the refusal of his license in September lSlj had you notice 1 any sort of conduct on his part or any indication that his license would be either suspended or re fuse No sir After September 1911 I believe you had this petition prepared and got the signatures attache I did sir , Ma Ma rein LC objected that the signatures could not be admitted as evidence except that of the witness Hickenbotham an I one other signature which that witness ident Fri The CHIEF JUSTICE did not see the value of the evidence even it all the signatures were proved Mr DUPM (to A\ witness) - The first allega- tion about your you is that in the Mentone li radium in January 1892 he, riding Steel trap untanl) jostled Lewis who was riding The Doctor's remember the race I was interested 1 in the race and watched it Did you see your Son jostle Lewis I-I did not Now we come to February) 1893 the Alma Stakes at Caulfield Did you see your son hit Power on the band with a whip did not see him do so ljjuestioned him about the race afterwards Will you I indi) till uswhntdid happen' Projectile led into the straight and up the straight famille mist caught him about half distance Patton came five or six lengths behind My boy was riding very hard up the straight and, within five or six lengths ! from the poSt be caught on to them and there was a set to between the three of them fitton got home by a short Fund We have heard that Patron swerved some w line going through the straight Did your boy in any way pull the horse No not that I could see I was standing on the terrace, about 40 yards, from the winning post Did you hear an) cries of protest '-I did not On the same day the Oakleigh Handicap was run in which your son is alleged to Hum interfered with Premier's wins stand up; on the terrace Gladstone on which my son was ruling; led into the straight by about two lengths About the half distance post Premier was coming upon the mills, and, from where I was standing; he Been d to get behind Gladstone a (quarters Then Autonomy was on the outside of Gladstone, and Lord Hopetoun came upon the outside of Auto nom j, and from that the race seemed to be won by Lord Hopetoun, who won easily by a couple of ImifrtliB, I think Is it true your son pulled or drew in Glad stone's did not notice him pulling the horse in i Could you see If he did '-ev el I think if he deliberately pulled the horse I would be very likely to have seen it but I did not see him do it, and I don't think he did Now we come to Baltics performance in the two j tar old rate at ] psomon October 4th 1892 I remember that race What did you back I backed Baltic, putting £20 on him And you wanted to see him win's did, and I watched the race In your opinion, was be ridden fairly out, or was be in anyway pulled I think he was ridden fairly out and was beaten by it superior horse to himself- Muoltlebai Did you find any fault, or kind on any relation to find any fault, with your mm a miner, of Dollie it-No A lion name i Scott has been called, who said that your son took you down' about this meet vAus there any reason why your son should take you down Not that I am aware of Now Scott says that in order to please your son be misinformed you about Baltic, and for you to book United Is that true ' Was not on Scott H information you booked the horse-hire H told me my boy was on the horse Hreyyer was present I said to Scott, Shall I put it couple of pounds on thin horse? He said in, my money is on I put £8 on the horse and lost it Had you any fault to find with the ending of that horse -No Unit horse has never won a race jet As events turned out afterwards was be a match for either Auster or Mucklebody No tion had an opportunity of Bcilnjr little after that We had the training of him. He never galloped in public up to his private form Do you remember in September 1893, Hnlttc running, at Moonee Valley -I do in the tin horse in journeymen run fairly out at Moonee Valley villa he run a good third As to the Handicap at Caulfield '-1 know nothing about that With nirardtotho rnnntnKof 'shooting. at 1 pain Do you know that horse limothouai-I do He was a very wild horse a very difficult horse to 111111101*0 How did he take his hurdling - Very wild He would turned off their, run down, and jumpRidewnyn AH to the Bay View Handicap at Williamstown, in which it is alleged your son interfered with the horse from, ridden by Shrimpton Do you know the Williamstown course '-1 as there is a sharp turn there, and horses often run very wide Do you remember if they ran wide on this occasion '-I cannot say anything about that. I saw nothing and heard nothing As to the allegation that he interfered with Lewis on Division's know nothing about that Do you remember a horse called Stone broken do remember his being ridden by my son at Aspendale park in a race which bridegroom won Were you backing any horse in that race -No Did you watch the races I did Did you observe any indication of Stone broke being pulled? No I thought he rode the most vigorous race I ever saw him ride Bridegroom was the first over the last fence and Stone-broke about two lengths behind As soon as be got over on Stone 1 take he sat down and rode the he use out. Both the horses sides were bleeding from the spurs when he finished Do ) on know the persons with whom it is said Your son associated knew Kirby and Wild) Buck Buck as a horse owner and trainer employed my son to ride for him Han you seen him associate with him' No more than he did with Captain W ailing ton and the stipendiary steward Do you mean your son or Buck Buck Well never mind about Buck, he may do as he likes Do you know your son to have met these people tiintthepohcemeiitioned'-No except that he might have met them on the race course Now as to Muck yon know time-Yes, He is the man you have seen in company) with Captain Wallington you say lea I have also seen him in the stewards reserves at all the rice meetings except Flemington and Caulfield I have also seen him speak- ing to Mr 1 ones Cross-examined by) Mr MITOTIKM I an sure you do not accompany your son to Melbourne at night No You cannot say what company he kept there -No I presume he did not ask your permission to go 'sHe would generally say he was going to town " But he did not ask your leave as a son of 15 or 16 should -No he did not ask leave to consider him a decent reputable lad? Ido Nothing that you have heard in that box has changed your opinion No Nothing that he had admitted '-No You have heard what he admitted as to his places of resort 6-1 did And you still think he is a decent lad? lies Then ) on think a boy of 15 or 16 should have every hearse No , not a boy of 20 or So for that matter V bat has ) our son been doing since he was suspended He has been living at home lins he been training horses '-No Have You been training horses '-Yea, or superintending the training of them. in here '-At Inkerman street St Kilda. How far is that from your hotel '-About a mile Has your son anything to do with the training of these horses No He goes there sometimes to sweep out the stalls but he has not ridden any horses in their work 'The VltO would not let him What is the name over the door? Caffin and M Ginmss M) name was there for some time was the name Hayes and Son there' is IV he is the Bon Well he is in New Zealand now I have three sons Does any other Son assist at the training stables 6-1 as my eldest son, John Is he disqualified He was 1 or how long twelve months IN hat for- Well I could not explain the nature of it. It was for riding Drifheld The Stewards thought he could have won and did not. Mr Dm Ft objected that this was noted dence The CHIEF- FOSTER-In think it is quite enough for any man to bear his own ama You any you backed Master at this race at Moonee Valley les, I put £2 on Auster and £8 on Baltic. You thought Baltic had a good show of winning I did I can afford to throw an) money. away Where was he in training At Chapel street M mdsor How far is that from year boase? It is at in) house Why did you not ask your son about his capacity '-1 knew as much about the horse as in) con Did you hear your son say he told Scott the horse had a bad cold and it was not worth while to run him I did not bear that Is it true "If he said it is true it is true Then any thing he any a may be relied on 1 The horse had a cold What a lad enemies. So bad that he still had a good show of v. liming your bet of £8 '-1 es. Is it your habit to back a horse that has a bad cold I do not back other people a horses unless I know something about them Your son thought it was no good running him and yet you backed times knew the horse would try to win is a horse with ahead cold in a good position to win 'sHe is for a short face Then if your son said it was unwise to start him he did not know his business 'Perhaps he thought it better not to start him Your son said in that box that he told Scott the horse had a severe cold and it was a pity to start him Is that true that he had such a bad cold that it would be a pity to Mart James would not say it would be a pity to run him but he had a cold. However, cold or no cold you put £8 on him I did Who with I can tell you that Tom Arnfield Dave Ettridge and Charley Brown I got to all round What odds did you get about the other horses to 2 Then the horse ) on were really going for was Baltic and you only backed the other horse tosuve)ourself gales Then you did not think the cold would interfere with his winning No You never saw your son pulls horse at all Never in my life Or jostle a horse All horses are jostled one time or another Intentionally jostle a horse No, I do not think he would do that the risk is too great loss watched this Alma Stakes races did And you will swear that) our son did not rule unfairly '-I will You are not at all based on the subject Well I am giving my evidence fairly You have got a strong belief in your son' -I have And you are prepared to back him up here ' I am prepared to back him up when I think he is right Could you see if he did pull the horse ? les Your son says that no one but himself could tell whether he rodeiuirl)'-Noone else could tell what was in his mind So that no one can decide on a ease however glaring except the rider Anyone can form an opinion You have heard no doubt about this assault at old Websters housewives. Vi then did you first hear of it At 2 o'clock the night it was committed How did you hear of it Two constables came to my place looking for Jimmy Was your son there-Yes, he was sleeping in bed Did you put your head out of the window and say he was not there Yes, I did I asked what he was wanted for, and they would not tell me, so I said he was gone to Flemington to ride a horse Well that was untrue It was untrue. Did the constables not say he had been mixed up in an assault cuse? No They said they wanted him As they were going away Constable Hudson said I am sorry he is not there I asked what for and he said - Because Jimmy and some other jockeys have nearly killed Webster a father 1 auld - In that case he is asleep in bed I then produced him at the window to Constable Hudson 1 as what then '-He asked for an account of his movements that night, which Jimmy gals rum and Hudson then said to Constable vi sister that Jimmy was not there at all Did you send for (Constable W i Later in the morning -No I went to his place for what purposely inquire fully into the particulars of the case, and he showed me the blood marks You say that Bolton was not much of a horseshoe was not worth £5 W he owned him at the time of this race at Moonee V lilley?-Ubini Scott 1 our son and Scott were intimate friends' -Yes I think so Was there a horse called Light Artillery behind him in that race No It was a two of year-old more Light Artillery was not in it. Will you swear that-Yes If you will give me that Jurf ReyHer I will tell you Will) you be surprised to hear that Light Artillery ran in that race and earned 4lb less than Billie and did not got a place No I would not be surprised at that, I have seen Carnage beaten easily But a horse not worth LU would scarcely beat a horse like that? There is a difference in horses Some am only run for time for long Would half a furlong more make a great difference Î-Oh yes. he could run for three furlongs and after that every furlong would be slower Your son is to 1 that Baltics best trial was half a mile in Sisee '-1 es Will is not that bitter time than three furlongs an 1 n h lit in Long e in which that race was run til you have to try that on the same course Min supposing that, is not half a mile in Since, quicker than three furlongs and a half in 15sec., especially as you say this horse went slower after three furlongs. It would break 45sec. would it not' Mr. LEON.-It would be 44sec. mathe Frantically. Mr. MITCHELL.-It would be a fraction less than that. The Witness There is a great deal in the start you get. Mr. MiToiiKLi, Then you think the time test is no test, and I quite agree with you are examined by Mr. Dum. The sign Unjca and Son is over a butcher's shop Yea on used to carry on a butcher's business ? -Yes You say that when these constables came they made a certain statement. Did they make a further declaration in writing Yes, they did. I sent it to the V K.C. Mr. Dom.-Never mind about that, I have it litre Mr. MITCHEL. objected that the document was not evidence. The CHIEF? JUSTICE think it is not material. JOSEPH GRIFFIN'S EVIDENCE. Joseph Griffin, horse trainer, was examined by Mr. LEON. He added was present on November 12, 1902, at Caulfield, when the Victorian Club Cup was run. I watched the race. I remember the plaintiff riding Lord Hopetoun. I remember The Magistrate. I was not in a position to see whether the plaintiff caught hold of The Magistrate's bridle. I could not see whether such a thing was likely to take place Before the race I had given Hayes certain instructions about the horse. Lord Hopetoun was a terrible rogue, and I told Hayes to give him a hiding at the post. I saw the start of the race. Hayes gave the horse a hiding before the Hog dropped ne hit him round the bell. When the horse came in I saw him. There were marks where Haj ea had flogged him round the head, and closed one of his eyes up. Illowa like that would be necessary to keep a horse in, and would have that effect I spoke to Hayes about it in the jockey room. He made an answer to what I said to him. The horse was beaten on the whip hand side. I don't think think that the turn in the race is a bad one, she Chrisp JUSTICE. It is not connected with the turn at all. Witness continued -I recollect the Alma Stakes on February 23, 1893. I was in a position to see, and did see the finish of the race. It was between three horses, Projectile, Sorumloqutat, and Putron Projectile was next to the rails, bonimloquiat next him, and Patron on the outside. I first noticed them single out about 100 yards from home, life in exile and Sommloqutst were fighting it out, and Patron was about half a-length behind on the outside I saw Uti) cs sit down on his horse and start to ride him very hard. Close on to the. winning post Hayes's horse shifted to roll, and bump into bommloquiat, Hayes won the race by about a head. It was a very hard run race at the finish. Patron seemed to race very straight until close to the finish, and then carried to roll. 'the horse was distressed, and the rolling was not produced by Hayes's riding The bumping into Sonomloquist, so far as I could see, was purely on accident, in hard run races it is a usual thing for horses to roll in the manner stated, This was one of the occurrences in which a distressed horse rolls. On the same day I saw the Oakleigh Plate run. The plaintiff rode Gladstone in the race, and young Dawes rode Premier I watched the horses as they rounded the turn. Gladstone was then in the front, pretty close to the mills Premier was on the rails, just behind him, and Autonomy was just behind Gladstone, who seemed like going to win at the distance. About 170 yards from the post Premier tried to come upon the maule. Hayes was riding his horse very hard, and rolled on to him. Premier got up to just about Gladstone's quarters. 1 was winning Hayes a riding. He was riding the horse very hard when the rolling took pi nee. Gladstone was all out so far as I could see. The result of his rolling was that Premier dropped out of it. Hayes did not pull the horse over on to Premier. I saw the finish of the race. About 100 yards from home Lord Hopetoun came on the outside, and Hayes looked over his shoulder at him. The other horse won easily. I did not notice Gladstone when he came in. I backed Premier in the race for a couple of pounds I have seen a horse called Timotheus on the racecourse He was a very fractious brute. I was up against the judge's box at the finish of the Alma Stakes I heard no cries of " protest " In the excitement of a man like that I might east]) not notice them. I know three horses called respectively Baltic, Auster, and Mucklebar. As a two year- old I should think Auster would be the best horse, and Mucklebar the next, I don't think Haltte much good Either Auster or Mucklebar would, I think, beat him at any time. Cross-examined by Mr. PUKVKS,-Who is the best judge of the value of Baltic you or Hayes' should think Hayes. v you don't think Mr. Hayes, sen., is a fool, do you '-No. very much the other way Yes, sir. If Mr. Hayes thought little good enough to back against Auster are you going to venture the opinion that he was not? was asked to give my opinion. Why, before you came here you were asked to give your opinion it-Yes. And you gave it, so that all that thinking of yours in the box was labour in vain? No, 1 like to think before I speak. May I ask you who owned Lord Hopetoun when this boy Hayes rode him for you? Mr. Summers. 'I be bookmaker He is not a bookmaker. M as he a bookmaker I believe he was. Don't you know he was-as long as he could I don't know. What other horses had you in the stable at the time. For whom were you training except Summers replied one horse, but I don't know who owned him at the time. What was the name A man named Levi j once owned the horse. What was the horse's name '-Sardo. And you don't know who was your employer's can't tell. You come here to contradict respectable people as to certain facts To whom did you look for payment in bard's case I owned him myself once. To whom did you look for pa) ment? Mr. Allen owned the horse. What Allen Barney Allen it-Yes ; Barney Allen. (Laughter). Oh, I see Who was the Levy The poor fellow is in the asylum now. Those are the same people that were disqualified for malpractice with riga rd to Islander '-Yea LEGAL AMENITIES. Mr. Dui-i Answers you proof that '" push r" You seem to know all about it. Mr PURVES -In this case it has been suggested that I owned horses. That I care nothing about. But in this case of Islander I asked the witness whether the horse was disqualified, whether Levy was disqualified, and whether Barney Allen was disqualified. My learned friend then said, "Are you one of that push ?' You seem to know all about it." Is your Honour going to allow that because I happened to have been one of the stewards and knew something about it, and acted in the way I always used, I trust? The CHIEF JUSTICE- These remarks between counsel are very improper, but I think this is only meant as a joke. Mr. PURVEs -It is not meant for a joke. Your Honour does not hear everything that goes on down here. Mr. Dum -I am sure your Honour will be glad to In ar both sides. 'The CHIEF JUSTICE (to Mr. Duffy)- I am inclined to pass it over, but if it was said seriously, I am sure that you will withdraw it and apologise for it but I don't think for one moment you meant to make such an liiHinuution. Mr Duifv.-Mj friend was attacking people who are absent. I did not intend to suggest that he was a partner with Mr. Levy I don't think he is so far as I know. Mr. Puiiv_a.-Doe« your Honour pardon that? The CHIEF JUSTICE- -No 3 certainly not. Resume your seat, Mr. Duffy. That remark must be withdrawn and apologised for. It wusuuopcn, deliberate, and intentional in suit Mr. Dum.-But did your Honour hear the remark? Elleanor JUSTICE The manner of the i remark was unmistakable, and it is unworthy of you, I think, to persist in it. In fact, you must withdraw it Mr Dum -Will your Honour believe me when 1 any that I had no intention of imparting anything 'the CHEEK Junior That is the greater reason why you should withdraw it Mr. Dum4.-I certainly say this, that if any human being in court thinks that I munit to seriously impute that my friend was partner of Mr. Levy I withdraw it, and I regret that your Honour should have thought that there was any imputation on that point. The CHIEF JUSTICE - Very well Mr. Dum:.-I took the opportunity of making that interruption because I thought my learned friend was attacking these per HuiiH of his own knowledge or his own in functions, and milking statements except getting evidence iron) the witneSs He ought not to do that. The CHIEF' JUSTICE -What is there wrong in stating a notorious fact ' Mr Purves HILLS that Levy and Allen were disqualified in connection with Islander. Mr. Dum.-So far from the matter being notorious, I am told that the were not do qualified Your Honour seems to assume it because my) learned friend says so Her Ciintr losT. The witness who knows best says y s Mr DUFFY I am told that they were not disqualified The CHIEF JUSTICE -I do not care whether they were or not. Mr Purves says they were disqualified and the witness's is so Witness -I said lew was disqualified Cross examination resumed Mr Poiivus Islander was also disqualified and the trainer' W ltness.-I believe so. On your oath apart altogether from this tildhwinkmg who was the real owner of Santo? Who was paying for him at that time '-Levi) was the owner I borrowed £50 from Lev) on the horse 1 Kenyon were the owner No Hosts the on me He told me he would let me have the horse back any time I bred for £50 In fact he paid for the running of the horseshoe pad outright for it. I gave it him for £50 until I could pay it back Was it in writing? It was not. And you remind the horses did Did you can turn afterwards As Levy's '-As Lev) s What was your name -I raced under the name of Griffin Was not Levy only the manager so for as that horse was concerned for Burne) Allen No IX hat and Barney) Allen to do with it. He had nothing to do with it. Allen first owned the horse I bought him from Allen, an I borrowed £50 on him from Levy How much did you give for the horse? £30 or £27 At this Oakleigh Plate when you say you find £2 on 1 renner you had a horse running in the race -1 es W us ) our horse on the job '-He was Did you back him North sordid t before he would win B) whom was he ridden By S orders And you were surprised to see him win ' I was Did you back him in any race after In the Newmarket Handicap You thought him good enough to win the Newmarket Handicap and not good enough to win the Oakleigh Pinto ' How much did you put on him in the Newmarket Handicap' £5 How much did Summers put on him? I have no idea. What did he lay you to nothing's 000 Then he must have backed him for a fair stake 6-1 as How long was the Oakleigh Plate before the Newmarket About a week I think When did Summers back him '-He backed him after he won at Caulfield Are you sure I wouldn't be positive Will you swear Notion had £6 with Summers Yes He was entered for the Newmarket. What was the amount of entry I think £25 And you say he was such abnd horse that you would t back him a week before for the Oakleigh Hate Mr Purves this horse ran four days before he won the.Oikliigh Plate and ran 150 yards absolutely) last I can quite understand it (I oughter ) is that any argumentation know the horse as well as I do Mr Purves I believe I do and better Don t you ask my opinion you say The horse was good enough to enter for the Newmarket Handicap with £25 sweepstakes and to back for an enormous amount, but not good enough to put a shilling on in the Oaks right Plate He was good enough to win a Melbourne Cup And so you let him go in theOnkliigh Plate without a shilling on him and I acked Premier Because he ran 150 yards first four do) B before de hat was your reason for backing Premier? -I thought he would win You are a pretty good judge '-Oh fairly Doon think Jimmy Hines is pretty good judges dont know he is a good horse man Do you think he is a pretty good tipster? I don't know He is a plunger He bets a bit Don't you think be thought Premier likely to win '-I don t know Would you alter your opinion if you thought Premier good enough to win and saw him blocked by Hayes "Would you suppose that Fri mier had Gladstone beaten at that time I don t know Do you think somebody might try to block him '-He) might Ah would you like a billet on a press reporter ' I would not fancy it you seem to have a wonderful faculty for observing Hayes in the races and the horses he rides No Was he the only one you looked at in this race '-I had put my money on the race What did you back in the Alma Stakes ' Projectile, for a couple of says C iah, of course On yes I, Dont you think it a curious coincidence that in two races on the same day the same kind should ride two horses which rolled through distress No Can you tell the jury an) other horse on that day that rolled '-No, I can t Then how did you come to see in this race that the horse rolled Because I saw na) is ruling hard and I noticed Hayes looking round when Lord Hopetoun came He looked round over his shoulder Did be winks daughter I don t know Then he had knocked out Premier before It happened before Lord Hopetoun came As the race stood Gladstone would have won About these Alma Stakes Wnsn t there a tremendous outcry by thousands of people' No What led you to observe Tnnotheiis so carefully I saw him once fractious at Sandow a park Would the man who rode him be a better judge '-1 in. Supposing that James Hay cs told a man that mine was worth £150, what would you think we don't believe he was worth £150 Can an onlooker tell when a boy pulls a horse? Some ju ages could Can you might Could you tell when a boy deliberately makes a horse swerving be in vo I c ul I Then it would not be only the 1 hold on top as a certain person says I think an onlooker would have us good a chance of smug us the rider You said that when Patron swerved on to the mill there was room for two horses be tween him and Sommloquist'-les What was the distance About 18ft or 20ft If it were Bind by experienced people that there were no signs of distress and that the horse went straight would you differ in opinion I use my) own judgment I saw the horse afterwards going through the bird cage He examined by Mr Lvov -Patron closed in 8ft or On in the htstSOyirds MR SAMUEL I M CARD] L Samuel M Cnrdel, examined by Mr Dunn said -I am an importer in Melbourne I have been to a good few race meetings in my time I remember a race meeting on October 4 1892 when Baltic was running ridden by Hayes I was interested in the race and watched it very carefully) I believe Baltic was ridden out. He had no chance what ever Was there any indication whatever of Hayes pulling the horse or attempting to lose? Not a bit of it Hayes rode him for all he was worth-sat right down on him and rode him right home Cross examined by Mr Portus -I import a number of different lines Icatriu works albums stationery I am not a commission agent although I do a few commissions I am not a turf commission agent all the commissions I have done have been for my friends and I was never paid on account of these you have been delicately asked whether you were interested in this race '-I put some morn) on I think I put on £50 1 bucked Baltic W ítli whom did you bets cannot tell you I lit) were cash wagers Who gave you the cashier Jack 0 Lough I in what is the Broken Hill mines dont know that he is in Broken Hill man He is a horse owner and trainer I believe he is a Melbourne man Don t) on know any thing about this man for whom on did this work is simply know him as an owner of horses 1 fifty pound Is 18 a go I lump With whom did you put it on -1 fancy could not swear to it but I fancy I put on £20 with Mr Mirria Quinlan £20 with Jack Collin and £10 with a truth Bendigo man, I cannot think of his name-Allsop 1 think Mr Morris Quinlan is a great betting man is he not Yes He would lay the odds to £50 in one go? No he would not Why I only wanted to put £10 on each J then you want it to be pretty well known you were I ucking it '-No I wanted to do it vi r) quietly Did you put it) on yourself I did tenner 1 gave that to a friend of mine to put on for an ion wanted the best price you could get for luck O Loughlin tin 1 sent out a friend to j lit in our t i ii r '-I did Why Well I thought we would get by letter odds You commission! 1 a friend to get the best price he could 1 fore you put on your em ph) or a money No I find my money on trust I gave my friend the money in 111 put it on until such times as he saw I find no) money on How was he to secure could Bio mo betting And he was to follow you round What was the last season took 5 to 2 . You could have got 6 to 14 could have but I told him to wait and the result was he did not get such a large space as I did for the owner You bet a good deal No I do not. I don't know what you call a good deal Are you a bit, betting man No, I am not Are you a race horse owner '-No I never owned a racehorse Anti it is hardly necessary to ask you that it is a great many j e 15s since jun rode a race horse ' (Laughter I never rode a race in my life, and I never have employed a jockey You are only a Sportsmen who bets? That in so Then you consider yourself qualified to five an opinion I presume You consider tales is a clever jockey I don't know Hayes I never spoke to him in my life I only know him when I see him on a horse. I have formed no idea as to his ability . you don't know whether he is a good jockey or a bad one lil have seen him was a number of races but I have no idea from my own observation, whether he is a bad jockey or not You have been at Flemington and Sydney ? -Yes but I am not well enough up to say whether a man is a good society or a bad one What do you mean by saying Hayes rode all he knew? of the simple reason he was sitting right down on his horse and wearing him Are you so ignorant of the business or time that a jockey cannot sit down on his horse and felt him and jet pull him I-I am not well enough up to say that I then you give a tin can tell when a man is riding a horse for all he is worth or pulling him Do you think it is possible for a man to be cutting his horse to pieces and jet pulling him '-I don't think be could be pulling a, horse and wearing him at the same time AN HUTrLKErPI Kb EVIDENCE Thomas Hayes examined by Mr Douri, Stud,- I am a publican I am no relative of the plaintiff a but I am an acquaintance of plaintiffs father I am in the habit of attending race meetings I remember the meeting at Epsom on the 4th October 1892, when lunatic ran in the two year old men I backed Baltic in that race I put on IB for John Hayes plaintiff's father, and £2 on Iqr myself I thought I got a run for my money I don't think there is any ground 'or sa) ing plaintiff tried to lose the mee Cross examined by Mr Puitms-I keep the Crown Hotel at the corner of Queen and Lonsdale streets I go to races pretty often Are you a judge of horaemanahip'-Well, jos I don't say exactly to judge but I know when a horse is ridden out that I take to mean riding a horse all the way What was HujPS doing with the horse' He was shaking him up and riding him with his leg la With both handshakes A TURF LM'EItl William Lang examined by Mr Lum, said, I have been concerned in horse racing for the last 22 years I saw James Ulives riding in the Alma Stakes at Caulfield I saw the ItntBh as I stood near the judges box on the lawn I saw the last 30 yards of the men I thought Patron just won three horses are close together at the time I do not recollect the name of the second It belonged to Lloxl Mr LicOK -Was it Somniloquist?-Yes, that is the incline Did you notice the condition of Patron at the time '-Y es Hayes was riding him out at the finish Did you see him do anything saw him roll at the (finish Was that roll the result of any thing Hayes himself did No W but would you say was the cause of it? Perhaps be was get ting tired Was there anything to indicate that noyes pulled him over on to bommloquiat'-No You BUW the Hillview Handicap run at W illiutnstown when Itajca rode Vrqucbus' 'Yes there is pretty sharp turn there and horses very often run widt Arquebus seemed to be linguistic out then Was that the result of the horse being brought out by the jockey McNellie horse seemed to be boring out the horse Prior was on the outside of him Was that your horse '-I owned him, but had leased him I still had a half share Did you see any reason for complaint about Hayes' for interfering with Prior » No Has Hayes ridden for you-Yes, five or six times Cross-examined by Mr. Punt us Where were you standing at Williamstown On the lawn How far from the turn "About 200 or 300 yards Were you using glasses or your natural sightless natural audit How far is the law n from the turn I have told you that before 200 or 300 yards 1 line is not an answer for me on have been at this Lame for 50 hours' have run a good many horses I have run more than you have Mr PunvKS-Oh daresay 1 he Witness -You have owns d horses too -(slaughteryard I have ridden for you (Laughter ) Mr. PURVES - as I know you have How did you manage to lose that race? (Laughter ) I never could believe that out' 1 The W i tin as -I did not lose that one I won Laughter ) Mr PURVES -NO that was for my father He Witness-I rode for him and he was to make me a present, but he never did (LaUghter) he did not tell you that you do liberately pulled the horse No I think he did I but is what your " pro- sent comes to Now let us take another matter Did you ever own Flying Jib' Yes Were you ever disqualified about him I was not. Were you disqualified at any time I was disqualified once What for For entering a protest against George Watson detrimental to his chance ter then on made an assertion that was not true It was true, and 1 afterwards proved it How long were you disqualified for? twelve months Did anything happen to you with regard to lying libel afterwards proved Did anything happen to you with regard to I Lyme, libel afterwards proved my protest that George Matson entered a horse as a murder that had won three races in Tas mania That was a sw indie, then '-Yes I proud to the satisfaction of the stewards that it was and George W utson had to give up the still es And your disqualification was removed yes After action in the Supreme Court Curzon ever own Flying Jibuti as Did you think, happen in regard to that horse-hoe run against a post and dislocated his shoulder (Laughter ) That is very clever of you I want to show what I ting is capable of Did nothing happen detrimental to your character' No Did anything happen to Niml defect in the Adelaide Cup? Nothing happened to him He run hard for it With the runs held With the runs held Did you know a mare named Opera ? Did not) thing happen to thirty mare'-¿My son owed Opera, on had nothing to do with her No Nothing whatever No You can stand there and swear that you know nothing about that mare whenjourson had here had no control over her Were you ever at Gisborne About thirty years ago That was the time I told you about George Watson on Bio people will have their opinions even about you 1 boy had opinions about the running of Nunblefootin the Adelaide Cup ? -Yes I they thought you did not do to win? Well, they made a mistake 7A Am a seaman stud the horse did not run on his merits and I challenged Augur about it Before the race he told me that the horse was sure it was and I told him that did not like the grono 1 and that he has I beth r put five or Dolphin, and Dolphin won Nixtdnj the ground had dried a emit deal, and Nimble Foot won the Plate Mr H in us ->, as in a walk He W itnesa-linn Augur sold that Dolphin did not run on his wants I wrote a letter contradicting him, which appeared in 'Jlit Aintrahtttau and Auer answered it Alttrthatl wrote again till the 1 ditor would not put lish my letters Come turn you run don not' What about O) travel he Opera is over (I might r ) 1 Suppose then is a (rr at deal of difference I even on the old time poet pa and the modern one-day know a great deal more now, like you do (1 unveiled ) lue that in the Admit It Cup I was speak DIL, of 1 treats H Dolphin ran bryland Nimble to a fourth -w i a But you won the race next says-I must tell you that there was 1 lib difference in the weights and annie further Now as an expert need jockey) who has In i n unfortunate enough) to be suspected of nine., improperly can you say who is the list ju Igt the jockeys or the public when there is anything, suspicious -I should say the locality The n if a book > give PS an account the rein an in 1 of its jockey can always tell by for In comes to the winning, post whether in has a chant P or not and if he has no a time it would be foolish of him to sit down and chop his horse about. you only saw the last 50 yards of the race that Patron won Did Patron touch Som niloquist'-I could not see You did not see any bump or jostled saw the horse roll over a little at the finish. Would you have me to read this action of yours against Austin and others? You can read it if you like To Mr. LFOS -The Nimblefoot race took place 20 years ago It is absolutely untrue that I pulled the horse in any part of the race. OTHER WITNESSES Edward William Forwood, legal manager, carrying on business in Melbourne, was examined by Mr DUKE. He said -I remember a race meeting at Epsom when Baltic was running in the Two year old. 1 backed him for my) self and Mr M'Cnrdel. He gave men £10 note and I put a fiver on myself. I was interested in the nice and wanted him to win. I watched him more than any horse in the race. I was satisfied that I had a run for my money I saw nothing in Hayes's riding to make me think he was not doing his best to win Cross-examined by Mr. PHIIVus.-Have you read the evidence in this case ? Witness -Yes. All of it Pretty well all. Is your opinion the same If the evidence is true my opinion is changed Are you a judge of racing I have been to a great number of meetings the last eight or nine years. What did Mr M'Cardel tell you've told me to put on £10 and a bit for myself. He said the money was put on for the boy. I took him to mean the rider Henry P Sutton, secretary of the Williams town lim in,; Club, was examined by Mr. LEON. He said -I know the plaintiff, James lines, as a jockey I saw the Bay View Handicap at a ilhauiatown in 1893, and recollect Ha) es riding Arquebus, and a horse called Prior running. I watched the race as one of the stewards I saw Arquebus at the turn on the inside running. Round the turn he run somewhat wide, which is usual [enough, I think this running out wide was because he couldn't come round the turn so closely) as other horses do. It would be impossible to prevent such a horse from going out, The CHAFF sTarT Arquebus is not a very small horse, is he Witness -Not a very small bores Witness (continued Saw nothing to make me suppose that Arquebus was taken out on purpose. Cross-examined by Mr. PURVES Where were you when you saw into Arquebus's mind In the stewards'' stand. Do you know anything about Arquebus ? Not more than any other horse. Do you say) that horses both in coming round a turn 'Not all bones Then why do you say Arquebus did Be- cause he did. I am only giving my impression. How for were you away from the place where this fantastic business occurred? About 300 yards With your 50 million power magnifying spectacles you looked at it and saw that Arquebus had made up his mind to run wide could not enter into the horse's mind. How was it that James Hay) es who has got 20 million times more mind than the horse did not know I am stating my own impression Henry Yeend, a trainer of racehorses of several years experience, examined by) Mr. Dunn, said I have also ridden horst s may BI'II I remember the 25th February, 1893, at Caulfield. 1 saw Somniloquist and Projectile (malling, and I thought the mare was winning until I saw Patron on the outside. He was being vigorously ridden, and was rolling about, and he bumped up against the mare. Patron got home by) a head. I thought the mine had won. Was that bump caused on purpose or by accident think by accident, I thought so at the time, and I think so now All three of them were pretty well ridden out. What horse were you booking? I don't usually back horses, but I had a sovereign, to the best of my recollection, on the mare. I lost my money. Did you hear cries of " Protestant cannot an) I did. Cross-examined by Mr. PUIIVKS.-In your opinion did Patron prevent Scrumlo quist from winning side did not im- prove her chance or his own either No doubt he interfered with her. When I first saw Patron he was rolling about completely beaten Patron rolled on to the mare as he went past. Do you sat Patron was beaten GO yards from the posts He was very much dis missed. Do you think Thomas Payten as good a judge as you as to the condition of horses? Ven much better. And if Mr. Pay) ten BROS the horse was running straight and strong I should any it was untrue. Was Patron more distressed than the others '-I cannot answer that question. Thomas M Guinness, carpenter, examined by Mr. own, said, -I saw the race for the Oakleigh Hsni'icnp. I was on the time, and I saw the finish with Gladstone and Premier. I was about the half-distance post. I find 5s. on Gladstone, and watched him. I saw Gladstone come upon the rails, and Premier keep upon the inside. James Hayes was as hard at work on Gladstone as ever I had seen him. My impression was that Premier did not reach further than Gladstone's girth. I saw Lord Hopetoun come upon the outside and smother them, (Laughter ) IIiDca was riding Gladstone as hard as he could with both hands and legs, and I did not observe him do anything to pull his horse across. Cross-examined li) Mr, Purdy KH -I last worked at the Equitable Life buildings, in Elizabeth street. I have known Hayes for eight years. Inttroatelv His father I knew when he was a butcher. I live at Armadale, and occasionally go to Hayes's publichouse, but never to inestables. Do you know Hayes's butcher's shop? Yea, I have worked there. Is your name not stuck up there No. Whose issue) brothers, Timothy. Who is his partnership. Griffen What is their business Butchering. Anything to do with racehorsiu?-Nothing at all. Those are the loose boxes alongside? John Hayes's, sen, 'The butchering business did belong to your brother?-Only for a short space of time. Are you constantly or frequently down there No I used to be, but I have not been for the last month. Did you use to be living there?- I built the loose-boxes ' Who gave the tip Gladstone?- James Hayes. I thought so. I suppose be always gives you tips it-No , but I always backed his mounts How did he give you the tip this day's sport down the straight, and asked him whether he had a chalice and he said he had a charge. Dal he often do that in the straight? Whenever I asked him he told me. Did you ever take messages from him? Never. Whose horse was Gladstone I could not tell you. It was not James Hayes's could not tell you whose it was. Samuel Musgrave, examined by Mr. Dum, Baldwin have been a trainer for about 12 years I used to ride before that I know a horse called 'Timotheus, which he made out for a hurdle race in which James Hayes rode. Did you see how Timotheus behaved himself He ran very wild, us he always did. He was always a difficult horse to manage. Did you see him run down the hurdle? The CHIEF JUSTICE.- That is not a proper question at all. The evidence is no good land lies it is spontaneous Its only value as when an independent onlooker gives a spontaneous opinion. Cross-examined by Mr. MITCHEll. Did you observe this race closely Yes And yet you have said that you never saw Timotheus and The Victim close together? No, I cannot say that I did. You were training '1 mothersî Yes. Did you own him-No. Did you back him '-No Did the owner back turning, he was not there, You did not see Timotheus bump against The Victim at the second hurdle I from home I No Will you swimmer did not No Robert Woodford Frank r, examined by) Mr. LEON, said I am a racehorse owner and a turf commission agent of 17 years' experience of the turf. I saw Pn tiller stop suede all in the race for the Oakleigh Plate, idler trying to come upon the inside of Gladstone. I fancy it was because Gladstone roll d on him I think it was the result of an accident I do not think there was room for Premier to get through It is a usual thing for horses to roll at the end of a mee from (distress. Cross (examined by Mr. Ptiuvra Another firm for a turf commission agent is a me ting mun 'eYes Where do you bet Sometimes outBldennd sometimes inside Have you a he use No. Then how do you bet inside the enclosure when you have not a horse's merely execute commissions. What horses do you own I am part owner of Partner and Query, and Town Lady Bird). Oh, you own Lurdy Dnrd). He ran the Cranbourne once, did he not Yes. Was there is IIOIHU culled Lucius there? Who owned lumped think Hayes owned him. Do you mean old Mr. Hnyes?-Yes And Jimmy Hayes rode one horse! Yes. Against his father's horse Yes And his father's horse you-Yes, Your horse was the favourites No What were the odds against him I dont know Come sir, as a turf agent it is your business to know the odds Did you back him Yes, I put £15 on him. Who with I do not remember. Did ) on give any one £0 in connection with that race No Hurry Hinno trainer, was examined by Mr I toy He a ml -I BIIW Baltic run at Epsom when James Hayes was riding him I backed Baltic for the race with Muoklibar I saw the race run In my opinion Baltic was ridden right out. He had to the ghost of a show Mncklclar won in a canter it was practically no race I am satisfied that I had a good run for my money I saw the Oakleigh Plate run at Caulfield Plaintiff was riding Gladstone I recollect seeing Premier but I took no notice of him I was at this end of the lawn Cross-examined by Mr. Pntivns -I did not hear a universal shout of Ghi when Premier was stopped 1 nor did I hear on outor) after Premier s race I did not bet on Baltic 8 race Henry) Connolly trainer examined by Mr Dunn, said -I knew Timotheus who was a very wild jumper I have seen him on the training ground, but not in a race Mr Punvhs -W he would know best, the man who rode the horse or the man who looks at lum? Very likely the man who rode it I suppose Hayes is a very good rider' Yea He has very good hands Timotheus rushed his hurdles might 1 Penreon, examined by Mr DOÎCT, said -I am a jockey of 40 years' experience I have ridden Tiraothius both in the cranium, yard and out r the jumps He is an excited, mad headed brute On one day atbandown, when I was riding him, it took two men to hold him By Mr. Purves rode Timotheus with the ordinary snaffle bit Mr Dun v intimated that it would be im possible to finish the evidence for the plum tiff that evening, lheCiiiKV JusTice. Will it be possible to conclude the case to morrow' Mr PURVES -There is more evidence to be taken still We may Omrah to-morrow, but I don't think so Mr Dan Pi -Does your Honour propose to sit on Saturday The Cm! F JusTiok - I have to take the Criminal Court on Monday Would the jury prefer to come back on Saturday or Monday. The opening -On Monday -heCuiu JUSTICE Then we will finish this case on Monday, and I will adjourn the Criminal Court. The Court then adjourned until the following morning 