LOCKED IN A TOMB. In a small village of New Hampshire - lived Darby, Tibbs, a genial, good ua- tured fellow,' somewhere between forty and fifty yeara of age, with a wife and six children, and very poor. His occu pations were as various as there were laboring wants in toe village. He was a very nsefnt individual, and the people of tbe villnge would sooner have parted with their doctor than with Darby Tibbs. ;And then Darby was n bit of a doctor too. He conld compound many vege table panaceas; be knew how to dreBS and keul wounds, and with the diseases of animals he was familiar. , And yet Darby Tibbs had one alarm ing fault— he was in the habit of get ting very drank very often. Now the people were very anxious .'thatiDarby ihouldxeform. It was get ting so that there conld be no depend- 'enee placed npon bitu. He disappointed them wheu they most needed his assist ance. Bnt, all their efforts proved un availing. ' He lunghed and joked at their arguments und entreatieB, and just . so sorely as he received a serious overhauling for his . fault wonld he go off and get helplessly drank. One season Mr. Dean, a leading citi zen of tbe villuge, hod engaged Darby to help him throngh haying. He waa to commence on tbe Monday next fol lowing the Fonrtli of July. But an un fortunate event interrupted too urruuge- meats Mr. Dean was tnlion sick, und on the 5tb day of July he died. . Ills funeral was ou the very day which luul been fixed npon for the commencement of haying, so of course there was no work done npon the farm that day. In the morning Darky went forth with the Intention uf attending the funeral, bnt before the hour for the service had ar rived ho had contrived to get very drunk, fitnne of Iris friendssncreeded It, getting him iutn n stable, where they left him 'apparently fust asleep. Towurd tho lutter part of the day, when tho fnueral services had been per formed und tho people had returned to their lumies, two men wont ont to the utublc for the purpose of urousitig Darby, Init no Darby was to be found on the prcuiisus. They supposed lie must have got np uud staggered homo, so they gave themselves no uneasiness. Late in the evening, however, Mrs, Tibbs came down to the store to inquire for her husband. She had not seen him since morning. A general search was made, but he could not l(e found. "Never mind." said some: "he'll turn up in tho morning." And they finally prevailed npon his wife to go bimie. Morning came, but Darby Tibbs did not turn up. By the uiiddlo of the fore, noon his wife was down uguiu, and when sho learned that nothing hud been Keen of tier husband sho became alarmed. They searched along tho hedges and in the bushes, through every burr, and shop und sheil, and through the fields and the woods, but not u sign of a Darby Tibbs could they find, and tbo only thing tlicy could learn uf liim after bis being left in tbo stable upon the straw tvus from a boy who happened to be Into at tho fu neral. fie said he suw Darhv stagger across the road from the store, and thai h" left him trying to got ovor tho fence. Th» buy offered to help him, bnt Darby didn't want any liolp. He said he wus going to the fnueral, and he'd like to see atiylHidy witli wit enough to stop him. Night came again, und Darby was still missing. The panel was dragged by the light of lanterns, and parties fol lowed lip und down tb'e stream. Wednes day morning came, ntul when the vario.oi parlies who hail been engaged in the search met at the store and compared notes the idea prevailed that Darby Tibbs hud rnn uwuy. "He'll come hack— never fear," they said to bis sorrowing wife, "und when he does cuuie we'll bring biiu to you.' And they usdo her up a little purse, uud finally prevutled npon her to go to her home and make the best of it. Early in tbe evening Bum Brongbton and Beth Gormon, who hud been at work in the great meadow beyond too brouk, earns running into the store pale, frightened and ont of breath. Deacoo Brown kept tbe only store in the village, and it was uIbo the oaly place of public resort, bo that quite a congregation of citizens were to bo found there, especially after the labors of the day were over. "What Is ill" asked the deacon after a dozen others bad asked the same. "Oh!" gusped Bam Brougbton. "Some dead man's come to life or else a ghost Itas broken loosel" Finally Beth made ont to tell the story direct He and Sam had taken their way home from the meadow throngh tho graveyard, which was the shortest route. They come along by toe tombs which were bnilt near the wall, and when about midway of the range they were startled by a succession of deep groans which seemed to come from a grave close by. They listened amoment, and then they started for the store. "Which tomb was it?" asked Deacon Brown. But they conld only tell that it was abont in too center of the row. "It mnst have been Mr. Dean's tomb," added toe deacon. "That's nearly fas the center, and is the only one which has been lately opened. Major Dean may have been bnried alive I" Uncle Ben Monlton waa the sextdta, and a rash was at onco made for bta house. The alarm spread like wildfire. Major Dean had been buriod olive! Men, women and children hurried into tho street, and when the sexton finally made bis appearance, with his great bunch of duplicate keys, they gathered after him and followed in his lead. It was now qnito dark and several of toe men pro vided themselves with lanterns, and tons they took their way toward the burying ground. At length the long row of tombs was reached, and above toe dim of many voices conld be heard a deep groan from the sepnlcher where the body of Major Dean had been placed. Many of toe people shrank back in terror — nearly all toe women and children, and eome of toe men— as toongh they expected to »ee" a ghost. Unols Ben trembled Violently, but he finully uiuiiugeU In get the key into the old rusty padlock . and while Deacon Brown held a lantern far hiui he contrived to got the link clear from the staple. Then ho pnshod the door slowly open. A deep groan followed, and something came staggering ont from the darknuss and fell npon the rough stops at tho sexton's feet Ho held his lantern down, and when he had seen the sunken, haggard features, lie started up and called for help. "Come here!" he cried. "Come cinlrk - lyl it's Darby Tibbsl" They lifted the now inanimate form, and bore it Jsp Into tbe world of living things, it was Darby mire enough, but. , he was sadly chunged. His tlesh was braised and blackened, and his ruimeiit all torn and bloody. They bore Mm as spoedrly as possible to the doctor's hggsp,.an<!<ere long.they., ' succeeded, tinder direction of the pliysv clan, in restoring him Inanimation. He was conveyed to his home, where' he was sure of faithfn) attention. Yet Darby was sick for a long time: The shock hod been a most terriblp'iiue: and it had come npon a constitution ul- ' ready shattered.' He never could tell' the fall measure of horror of the- eight and forty bonrs he spent in that lionx» of death, but he conld tell enough t startle all who heard It. He conidi not tell exactly bow be came there, though tbe trath was evident enongh. He had. nu idea of going to the fnueral. uud im probably entertained tbe cunning phiu, of reaching tbe place of sepnlcher in ad vance of the rest of the company He- had a faint recollection of reaching tli«- graveynrd and seeing a tomb open. Iiut- beyond this his memory failed him. The sexlou hud uprated tbe tomb at- noon to let some of the noxiuue uir es cape, and the boy whom he had left- tie keep watch over it mnst have been- pick ing berries by the wail when Darby.- came up, as lie afterward acknowledged: tout he was thus engaged a good part of the time that he was there. When the harvest time came Darby- was able to work again, mid before win ter set in ho wae stronger and healthier than he had been before for umuy years. Not a drop of strung drink had lie- touched since that -Inly day. and nut » drop did he tonch aguin. The very thought of tbe fiery dram startled him.' He never conld think of that season of . horrors in the tomb without a quaking; painful shuddar.- — New York News. 