TURF «OS8TF. Br RrBBJ.EDETJ. The Geelong Racing Clnb again had the honour of opening the racine season in Vic toria, and happily it was vouchsafed a pleasant day for the celebration. The snn shone on a goodly number of spectators, the metropolitan contingent as usual predomi nating ; hut underfoot it was damp and dis agreeable. In consequence of the Bnrwon having overflowed its hanks the course in places was like unto a quagmire, and in the saddling paddock it was soft, and sticky, and shifting. Backers began the season well, by relying upon Kapo for the Sell ing Hntdle Race, bat Bend Or's over throw of two such heavily - backed horses as Ambition and Despised in the Winter Handicap was quite a surprise. Bend: Or, who was bred on the Lachlan, is by, Robert the Devil from My Dream, by Dark ness from Miss Buzzard, by Buzzard from Hollowback, by Banshee, so that he is nearly full brother in blood to Division. Bend Or has seen several times successful up country, but as his efforts have been confined chiefly to meetings not accounted of sufficient im portance to place between the familiar bine covers of the Turf Regu&er;, little or nothing was known of his pretensions. The speedy Quicksilver won the Selling Race from end to ehd, and Royal Oak had a similarly easy task In the Hunters' Stakes. Royal Oak was apportioned a big weight, but a happy thought of the Messrs. Miller suggested to them the advisableness of securing the services of an amateur jockeF, who could claim a stone allowance for never having ridden in a hurdle race or steeple chase, ahd to this reduction Roj-al Oak probably owed his success. The novice was Mr. P. Fogg, son of the manager of the Messrs. Miller's stud farm at Bacchus Marsh, where he has had plenty of practice, I'll be bound. A line jumper, Royal Oak is almost as easy to ride AS a child's rocking-horse, and Mr. Fagg had nothing to do but sit still, and let the old horse sail along at the head of the field., At Otie of the fences Schoolboy bhmdered.and epjyied Away a whole panel, otherwise I think hewonld have turned the tobies upoh Rbyal Oiik. Kestrel, who Won the' Gaulfield Orah'd Motional Steeplechase in 1819withifbe l^mentaf "Paddy" M'Gowan in the eaddle.broke dotal badly on the off fore leg, and Mr. Ru&fll;, deeming pursuit inieleta.Yltdmtntatade Jot. Russell, inakind fco-be-cr(iel spirit, would' have pat an end to Kegtzei'sf uuria£ with . bullet, but Mr. Manifold begged for Mm . poor brute's life, Olid sent hiUl to hi*' |iloce, where he will Bptfnd'thtf remainder Of hii days. A good deal of interest was taken in the First Two-Yita'-Oia Stakes, but there was about sftntmg the competi tors. cott<m,iand.e^ter,oh eifdting set lo with J.0. lend Donalds; Rndings'a filly won by just nfofgb; to' swear bjy Mpore's riding cqn tHhtitfrtg iri .$»« result. ' io' ajilljr.named darter of a}& (mtimtf-- W Gtorioto £ak\ In colour and conformation Gnnootton some what resembles heir she,* but thewinners©! this iftoe tave rare^ terned out Well, and I doubt if Garicottoff ?prore the exception to the wile. Dofta3fta^a feggy half sister to the Coalfield Cop winner, Oiikieigh, toy Lochiel, shaped well, andsodidMr. Norman Wilson's representative, J.O., by Malna, but spoiled his chanoeby swearing at a critical m'oment. The favonrite Fairy Tale, by Escutcheon from Facetiae, flattered her sup porters for a few strides, only, and Vichy, who bad .been, pretty yell tried at home, dis appointed the Messrs. Miller. A ridiculously short prioe was taken, about Rosetta for the Railway. Handicap, bnt she could get no nearer than third to Ambition, who, on ac count of her defeat toy Hfnd Or earlier iu the day, was permitted to ran unbacked. As the betting indicated, the Distance Handicap Trot proved to be Cupid's "dart," and haying duly pocketed the bawbees there was a stampede for the train, which returned townward to slow music. Wyndham was the rendezvous for racing men on Saturday, and the meeting was well attended, thanks, principally, to the delight j ful weather. The Governor, and other gentlemen in pink, who had been hunting on the Werribee with the Melbourne Hounds, lent their patronage to the fixture, and, with 1 a party of ladies, were hospitably entertained by the Btewards. Ganghorn, who has done a lot of racing, at length gained a winning bracket in the Maiden Plate, defeating two | more fancied candidates in Richway and Chiniquy, besides Hortense's costly brother, ' Argent, who, so far, has given no promise of ! repaying Mr. W. R. Wilson the 450 guineas he gave for him as a yearling. Ganghorn is a well-bred filly by Gang Forward from Small Talk, by Tregeagle from'Loquacity, the dam of Umslopogaas, but Rider Hagard's gmnt would make two of Ganghorn, who was a cheap yearling. The Tasmanian horse Clypton, a grandson of Panic, ran away with the Selling HurdleRace, notwithstanding that he lost nearly a hundred yards start; and after a rattling race Postscript just beat Miss Chirhside*s horse Tiinoni in the Hunters' Steeplechase. Mr. T. P. Manifold had the mount qp Postscript, and the success of the Apsley blue was very popular. [ Nellie was reckoned to have a big claim on | the Selling Handicap, hut she fell a victim to the local representative Birthmark, who was not fancied. Nooroo was served up very hot for the Handicap Steeplechase, but, never a reliable jumper, he came to grief at the treble opposite the stand, and gave Davis a nasty shaking. The race fell to the South Australian-lied horse, Guardfish, who won a similar race at the Y.R.C. Grand National Meeting. Guardfish was ridden by John Hayes, who had not previously had a mount in a steeplechase. Wolf was in great request for the Mambourin Handicap, and he ran well, but notlring had the ghost of a chance with ASgyptus, who seemed to revel in the soft going. Having run last in a field of four at Geelong on the previous day, only the victory of ASgyptus on this occasion hardly came within the range of probability. Few greater surprises have ever been seen on a subnrlwn racecourse; in fact, so little was thought of JEgyptus'a chance that bets like 20 to 1, So to 1, and even 60 to 1, were laid against the mfirin son of First King. Newminster, who is a companion of Ven geance and Zalinski in the Newminster- park Stud, at C&mperdown;, occupies the most! prominent place in the list£of winning sires for j the past season, his stock having won £10,894. in stakes. Trenton, a comparatively i new sire, is close np with £9,860, the earnings of 20 horses. The positions held by New- j minster and Trenton are highly creditable, but as Newminster's place is due mainly to j Tarcoola's victory in the Melbourne Cup— one race—I take it that Trenton's is the | better record. From Trenton to Neckersgat, who is third on the list, there is a con siderable drop. Neckersgat's stock won 40 races, value £0,155; and Nordenfeldt's suc cessful representatives—eight in number were responsible for a similar sum. Rich mond, Marvellous, and Splendor each won five thousand pounds odd, and in the £4,000 list the names of Grand Flaneur, Robinson Crusoe, Goldsbrough, and the defunct Chester will be noted. Gang Forward, Grand master, and Martini-Henry are the next sires I in order. Chester's brother, St. George, was | the most successful sire in New Zealand, The Assyrian in Tasmania, and Archie in Queensland. The progeny of Sunrise won no fewer than 56 races; The Assyrian, 47£ ; Marvellous, 42|; Robinson Crusoe, 42^; Neckersgat, 40; Newminster, 3S; Trenton, 36; Archie, 36 ; and Glorious, 36. The fourteenth annual general meeting of the members of the Victorian Club will be held oh Tuesday nert, at 8 p.m., to transact the following business:—To receive the committee's report and balance-sheet; to elect auditors; and to elect members to the committee of management iu place of Messrs. James F. Crane, Samuel Lyons, and A. ]>. Murphy, who retire by rotation and offer them selves for te-e!e6fiqh.jM£.^M H. Van Beigh has ■ given notice thafbrt witlmove that Rale V. (whjeh^rovides for an. entrance-fee for pirlvate membets) be expunged. The V.R.C. t^mitiae lias decided that the, third prize Handicap ran at the ^ ^ to th^ o'wnferof fiied, lookipg the fiict. that G!enh«nt|y jipi been placed fpurtn, awarded the third moneyto Mr, of; Realgar, wta won the a dead-heat with Iconoclaet INifef if. ahd wouM -h^' ' notfcingtottowitht^ have tbeflowefs; that bloomin tiieqpriog. Hale 113 saysthst no. horse can be- disquali fied on 4 mere terfinicality~inisde8cri|it»pB, error, or omission In tte entry, Ag., .una, ftierefore, it is plain; that (he steward having permitted Iconoclast fyCI itifc had no power to deprive the ownercf that horse of the second prize* In tlis gnalifying Iconoclast the stewards acted oon> trary to both the letter and the spirit "of the raleB.by which the sport of bome-racing m Victoria is popularly supposed to - be governed. Mr. Gcasswelier, the owner of Iconoclast, asked the compoittee to recon sider. its decision, but it declined to listen to his appeal. Having once altered its decision the committee can alter it again; and it an error has been committed, .as seems probable, it would be but bare justice to repair it Referring again to Rule 113, . it seems evident that when that rule was adopted it was not intended to retain certain clauses in the sub-sections of Rule 112. which directly contradict Rule 113. The annual meeting of Bowes's Tattersall's Club was held on Monday lost. Mr. & Grimwood occupying the chair. Having a balance of over £1,000 to its credit in the bank, the club is in a sound financial con dition, and as it is intended to take roomier premises for social purposes, it will, no doubt, go on and prosper. After the annual meeting a special meeting was called to consider the differences between the club and the Victorian Club. Mr. Grimwood re counted all that liad taken place between the two clubs, and finally it was resolved by an overwhelming majority that all negotiations with the present committee of the Victorian Clnb for amalgamation should cease. The meeting entirely approved of the stand taken np by Mr. Grimwood and Mr. Arnfield in de fending the rights and privileges of the members, and authorised the committee to take all the steps necessary to defend those rigbts and privileges. Admitting, as I do, that it would be all the better if we only had one betting club in Melbourne to facilitate settling, Ac., I can see no reason why Bowes's Tattersalifa Club, having existed all these years, Bhould not continue to exist. Open for a few hours in the middle of the day only, it can hardly be described as a rival to the Victorian Club; and as it suits a certain section of sporting men to belong to it, it serves a purpose. But would it not be a commendable step to alter the name of the club? If the prefix " Bowes's " ever had any significance, none attaches to it now, and a change of name— a name smacking less of a publichouse con nection—is, I think, desirable. During the last week or two there have been some disquieting rumours alloat con cerning the Derby favourite, Dreamland. At Geelong the other day, James Seobie told me that the colt was doing well; but since then word has come from Ballarat that Dreamland is suffering from a severe attack of strangles and Scobie lias had to call in the services of Mr. W. Allan. The weights for the A.J.C. Epsom Handi cap and the Metropolitan Stakes were de clared on Monday by Mr. J. A. Scarr, who appears to have acquitted himself well. Cre inorne holds the post of honour in the Epsom Handicap, but of the heavy brigade commend me to Stanmore, who is a race horse of rare merit Euroka is very smart, and if he strips in his Queensland form he will be a dangerous candidate. Some day Division wilt return to the form he showed in Victoria about this time last season, and at Ssh he is well treated. So also is his stable companion The Captain at 21b. less, and Thespian belongs to the improving sort. Lower down the list Response, Punchestown, Patroness, Blue Peter, and Bliss appear to have good chances. Cremome and Jeweller are reckoned the same horse in the Metropolitan Stakes, the handicapper having awarded them fist. 81b. apiece. Paris has a chance of repeating his last year's success, and if Loyalty has not deteriorated he is remarkably well in at Sst. fiib. Mahee is a good colt, and Bessie Macarthy's owner cannot complain of the weight allotted his filly ; butof the Victorian contingent I like best Teilus, who is doing well at Fleuiington under the watchful eye of Walter Ilickenbotham. The highest weighted three-year-old is Nobleman, who is evidently Mr. Scarr's fancy for the A.J.C. Derby, which is almost within measurable distance. Memab has done well in Queensland, and was rather unlucky in being beaten by Florrie in the Sydney Turf Club Birth day Handicap. Miletos . stays pretty well, and Honour Bright was once thought very highly of. Gerard, a son of Trenton, has not run up to expecta tions on several occasions, but "the time will come," &c.;, and of the extreme light weights I have a fancy for Narara. The Duke of Westminster has lost a valuable colt hi Bullingdon, who died a few days ago from the effects of injuries reoeived through being cast in his box. By Melton from Shotover, Bullingdon possessed an exceptional pedigree, both sire and dam having won the Derby, As a two year old Bullingdon won the Ham Stakes and the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Goodwood, and this season he separated Isinglass and Lado* In the rich Princess of Wales's StakesatNew* - market. i - Ifr. & DufT, eon .of Sir Robert Duff, i heObvernot of New 8©otti>Wal«,* eteexed - todkin to vmtotyfn •tdbe. ginning & race on this unlucky mare. The example of the Warwick Farm proprietary In giving encouragement to amateur ri^cra .is worthy of imitation. Duke of lork carried !Mr. J. B. Clark's colours in the Flying Handi cap, but met with defeat from Glendeunon.and E.K. did Alderman Keys another good turn by winning the Warwick Farm Handicap. Actor had a large number of admirers for the Pace Welter, but the supposed good thing was upset by a head by Hermit. A trial a as made of a starting-machine invented by Mr. T. Power, and it was highly successful. The Tasnianian Treasurer (Mr. Fysh), to use his own words, was as deaf as a stone wall to the representations made to him last week by the Hobart racing men, who ob jected to the proposal of the Government to tax the totalisator takings. Mr. W. A. Finlay said that the tota'.isator had been introduced in the interests of morality, as well as to en able racing to be carried on in Tasmania, and, as was well known to all patrons of the turf, it was by the totalisator, and by the totalisator alone, that sport had been sus tained. Last year the Tastuan'tau Racing Club had been compelled to cut down its stakes very considerably, and the eflect of the Government proposal would simply be that there could be no racing at all, as was the case in the two years before the introduc tionofthe machine. The club eked out its resources by means of a sheep farm, renting the course to another club on certain after noons, and last year by the receipt of arrears of payments, which, of course, could not be depended upon as a regular thing. The as sistance that had been given to racing in the past by private gentlemen could not be ex pected to be repeated at the present day. Mr. Fysh stopped speechmaking by saying that so tar as he was himself concerned the depu tation might just as well talk against a stone wall. He had made up his mind to get £1,000 from the racing clubs, and he was bound to support the bill which would be introduced with that effect. As for the assertion that there would be no racing without the totalisator, he thought that would hardly be :found to be the case, as if the clnb did not run the totalisator somebody else would do it. An opinion has been obtained by the j Wanpaati* Chronicle, from Mr. J. Henry, one ; of the New Zealand bandicappers, on the effect the totalisator has had on breeding. Mr. Henry says " Up to the present I do) not think it has affected the breeding of j "horses either one way or the other, but I do j honestly believe that if the majority of racing j -clubs in the colony will insist on cutting i down -the distances of races in order to get j .large fields so as to increase the profits of the club, it will greatly affect the breeding of horses generally. Almost any horse can -gallop halt a mile with little or no training, -but it requires a good horse with both stamina and condition to win a two-mile Tfice. When a handicap is compiled for a two-mile race is is always asserted that there are but few stayers in the race; the; treason of this is simply that there are j only five long races ran in New. Zealand J during the season—viz., Canterbury, New. Zealand. Auckland, and Dnnedin Cups, and j the Egmont Handicap. The first-named is the only weight-for-age race over a long I course in which the three year olds have j all the best of it and undoubtedly win. It will rhus be seen that there can only be five winners ot long races during the season, and these horses are the only ones that are termed genuine stayers. It only requires a number of races to be increased to a distance of two miles, and we would then have plenty of horses that conld stay the distance. The above alteration, I feel, will never come into force until a New Zealand Jockey Club is formed. This tribunal could then frame rules to compel every club to have at least one race on the flat of two miles in each day's racing, and not more than one event of less than a mile (two year olds excepted); and ■weight-for-age races, which are becoming a \--tiling of the past with all the clubs excepting Canterbury, Auckland, and Dunedin— and -the two latter have very few races of that .r-lnaa—should be more encouraged. At present it appears to be simply a fight -between the majority of the clubs to see -which can come out at the end of the season with the largest profit So the sooner the ■increase in sprint races is put a stop to the (better for everyone connected with the turf. tThe jockeys, in place of improving in their •riding, are gradually getting worse, princi pally owing to short races. Owners' instruc tions axe to get well away and keep in the front division until the winning post is aeached, yd what do-we find but that horse and rider are beaten long before they catch the judge's eye V - "Cross-country Rider " has sent £1 for the. benefit, of the distressed jockey, William Jkspi&alL; Tasmania has produced some good steeple chasers, but few better than Denmark, who was destroyed a few .days ago at Deniliquiu. Denmark was by. Horatio from Creeping Jane, by Bloomsbury from "Spang Adelaide, by Locifer, and was IS years, of age. (Hie Adelaide Racing Club Grand National Meeting will commenbe to-day. .,-The princi pal event, the Grand National Hurdle Race, will probably be won by Diavolo or Bjbeob?. Mr. Martin Loughlin, who has been in ill health for some time, lies in a critical cbh Sition at Craig's Hotel, Ballarat, and little hope is entertained of his recovery. The first acceptances forihe CauIfieldCup end the Melbourne Cup are eminently satis factory. A hundred and twenty horses re juain in the Canlfield Cup, and 109— jKaotlr the same number as last. year— remain in the Melbourne Cap. The scratch inga were not important. The committee of the Victorian Club on Monday decided that the backers of Parkham for the Maiden Steeplechase at the Y.R.C. Winter Meeting win their bets. Park ham, it will be remembered, won the race, but was subsequently disqualified on the ground that, having won a hurdle race in Tasmania, he was not eligible to compete. During the week a little wagering has taken place on the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase. Daiinio at one time touched 2 to 1, some £500 being taken about him at that price, but be subsequently eased to 3 to 1 ofi'ered. There has been no straight-out speculation on the Hurdle Race, but Ausley is the nominal favourite at 3 to 1. Capstan remains favourite for the Caulfield Cup at 100 to 6 offered. Corangamite, Dondi, Gippslander, Lone Jack, Acton, Mento, and Don a Id a have arrived to fulfil their respective engagements at Caulfield to-day. The Y.R.C. committee, acting on the re commendation of the Mont-one stewards, have remitted the remainder of J. Tomlin's three months' suspension indicted on May 14, so that Tomlin will be able to ride at Caulfield to-day. The poll on Mr. S. Y. Winter's proposition aiming at the reduction of the prize money for suburban meetings will be taken between half-past 2 and 5 o'clock on Monday alter noon. Daimio pulled up very lame after working on Thursday morning, and at the calling of the card next day he was friendless at 7 to 1\. Last evening Mr. Frew notified me that the Messrs. Gibson intend to scratch the horse this morning. Diamio has strained a muscle on the inside of the thigh, and the injury is so severe that the horse will need a rest of several months. The committee of the Victorian Clnb de cided on Thursday afternoon that the special general meeting requisitioned for to consider the case of Messrs. Grimwood and Arnfield shall be held immediately after the annual general meeting on Tuesday. Some spirit was infused into the calling of j the card for the Hurdle Race on Friday even ing. There was a strong commission for Golareef, and starting at 10 to 1 he was' backed down to 5 to L something like £500 being placed on Mr. Miller's chestnut j 