[?] The new Land Bill traverses do large a field— there aie so many new features in if, aew though not original, that it will have to be subjected, clause hj clauae, to a searching analysis, before a definite opinion can b© hazarded on many ok ita leading provisions. But as to one thing there can be no two opinions, viz., that the guiding principle oi the whole Bill, ita pervading apidt, 00 to say,, is to Get the old Australian squattocracy again on ita lego — ot? at lessfc to rehabilitate its ghost. Leaving out of present eon° oideration many of the provisions of the Bill, which indirectly and, we believep unintentionally, tand in thio direction, w© need only point to the portion dealing with the Central Division areas as a wholesale gift, to one elans, of the public estate. It io not merely proposed that the leases of hal£ the areas should be renewed for a shod; term—a proposal which wno practically ncoutod by the last Parliament — it ia not th© half but the whole of theso areas which is to be handed ovor — and handed over on extended lonaes ouch aa have aofcbeen beosd o£.ia the past forty years—to the big squat ters, or . more properly speaking the banka and other financial associations which have swallowed the moot of the big oquattero up. It is true that the right of resumption ia retained within, in ouc opinion, vary restricted limits, but what we chiefly object to is the aspscfc of wholesale confiscation which the whole transaction preuenta. Why should the loaaeholders be clothed 771th. a title to the whole of thoir leaseholds when it io known that large areas, variously esti mated, but admittedly large, ore now wanted — and have, indeed, b3on long clamoured for — for public use ? 'Why not keep present possession oi; what is reason ably required for the purpose, instead o£ firet transferring it in bulk, under leaao, to the ffquatfce*. and |Uea paying £01: its vesump* lion in exact accordance with the length oE the new lease o£ which the country io now aBked to mako the cquc/otQ*? a giSfc ? Tkio is not merely too abatii.'d a method oil plny° ing for ' koepo' ornotlieopa, with ths pub lic lando; ife la by &f; too espenoivo to meat with public qi? Parliamentary acceptance. Bufe undei? thic Bill the paofcoMil Seooeaa ar© not only to Tbo compensated for any in&ae-; fcion of 'tlio es'tendcd lenaeo, v?ifcb which it Id now intended to gratuitously endow them, but it would appear- that they are to bo again paid for improvemento Sos? which they have been more than ones eonv pensated already. Under the Act of 1884 they wqfg eomponoated by extenoion oi lease and otheewias for improvements which were originally made fos the oolo puvpoae ol blocking out Gottlamont, and another Act was paoood is 1889 giving them a sight to a Jcufffchen? extension of leaoo on condition o£ theii? making mora useful public impi'ovemento in future. More over, undo? the repealed Aeto they oe= cured some o£ the very pick of the country at a pound an aero go a pre- emptive right o& fcheoo improvement;?. And now the measure iuot oubmitted eontemplateo oome thing further- still, and it io to the acdon of the spicfe-s,nd=-opan new Miniates for Lands ? in thia direction that wo desire to direct particular attention. Only fcho othe.? day a ..test eaos vim brought before the Land Cousfc at Porbeo where com pensation woo claimed not only for new but for old improvementa— already, we repeat, recognized, and duly paid for as : aforesaid — and fcko Court decided in favour of the claimant. It will not be forgotten that oincs taking office Mr. Oarruthero brought a test case of another kind befora the Supreme Court, in which the Land Court had given a daeioion, open it was thought to aome doubt, but in regard fco whicb, in view of new land. tegiolatioa, no very large interact or vital principle waa at stake. It therefore did not matter very inueh whether a Supreme Court decision ??? was invoked on ths oubjact thee in diopute ? or not. Yet now, whea the otabe io practi cally a. claim against disturbance throughout a whole province foe improvements, be it .noted, already paid for, it appeai'D that, on this really important ieoiie, tha Supreme Courfc ia not to be moved in the matter at all ! The consequence will be that in any : future division of the leaseholdo, any evea by act of Parliament, unleoo it be made retrospective, if there be a resumption of the remotest corner of them, the lesseea will ?? have authority for demanding freoh com . pensation for the old over or underground improvements, doubly and trebly paid for already. Apart, therefore, from other fea tures of the measure, good or bad, the ' whole force of the fiue of Parliamentary ? hostility ohould be directed against these \- vicious provioiona in relation to the Central ? Division areas. There should be no com promise, no question of concesDion^ in deal : ing with the measure,, until, in this respect, Mr. Carrufeher.Q'fl Land Bill io vitally recant. 