A VALEDICTORY SERMON. The Rev. . R. O. Cook' preached his farewell sermon laBt iv iarce aK-i oongregatibn, ; Ho "Y ; V ,utent've verse ofSr'' A '/7' cu0® for his text the 18th gr.. r, phaptur;2nd: Thessalonians— " The ,;...uo of our L-ird Jesus Christ be with you all." Hn «ai'l hlial1/ vdlilltntlo aaamnns tk. >IJ patriarohai; days; dowii through; the" Ohristiau dispensation (modelled on the oldihave always been concluded.'with a jbehedictipn- or bloss- iug. The ; High Priest; had to ; pronounoe "The Lord .bless thee rand; keep" -thee j the Lord make his ) face , . to shine upon thee, &c.;" ; so' the apostles';' oonoluded their epistles in ; a similar' mauner. ' It' is therefore fitting thai at the cIoro of my ministry among you, I should express my sincere and heartfelt wish that the blessing - of the text may fall on everyone of you. .d Whab Word is niore familiar, more constantly on onr lips than this grace 1 We pray for it for ourselves and for! others— the . word simply means , favour, the blessings in tended by it is therefore bestowed unmerited | and undeserved. , We could'"' nut dare jto ask God to bestow' upon us' what we de- iserve. We therefore humble ourselvea jand pray for roeroy, for grace. Any reward iof righteousness is only through the grace of our |Lcrd Joans Christ— grace to aid us in tbe per- formanco of our duties. The virtues whioh ;adorn the Christian charaotor ar8 called the grace of our Lord Jssus Christ. If Ho had not ; offered Himself in our' stead there would not have been grace, but justioe ; pardon of sin would have been unknown, and the renewal of : ttr nature would- never have been effected, j J esus is the fountain- head of grace, through him jthe stream' of mercy flows iti every, channel , through all the world; grace and truth, mercy jand) peaae; in inexhaustible Bupply dwell in ;Htm. He is more willing to bestow than we are i to ask. His doath is an assurance of Hie will ingness to supply out every need. He is most (earnest to bestow His grace and moroy, and to jenrioh ua with all spiritual blessings, and perfeot us in love, peaoe, and joy in the Holy Ghost. I pray with ray whole heart that that grace whioh 1 have endeavoured to proclaim during tbe last three years may become the possession of every one of you, and enable us at laab to meet in (Heaven around His glorious throne. Tho choir rendered an anthem excellently, Miss Parker singing tho solo port In fine style During the offertory the oholc sang a selection, Mr J. W. Ircdalo rendering the solo part in good style. 